4	Wow -- cheap, delicious, OK service, and upscale Arcadia vibe inside.   I'm sold.   I'm aware of the complaints of the Tempe location, so I'm on guard.  Although it's newly opened, I will def. go back to try out some more. *Cheap*Dinner for two with an appetizer and drinks was $22. *Delicious*The food was was great.  Cilantro jalapeno hummus?  OMG.  I'm starting to DROOL just thinking about it again!!  Tangy and zesty, but not spicy enough for you wimps out there.  And with grilled chicken and pine nuts?!?  Yum.  Beef and shawarma gyros were dependable and good.   Lots of other choices I want to try next time, esp.  the wraps, veggie burgers, pizza and spicy mango shrimp.  *OK service*This one I will let slide since it is only their second week.  Service was kind of sketchy.   It was crowded and we were told in despair by the host to pick our own table in some kind of confused blather.  Our server was cute and attentive, and quick.  She easily accomodated a change in our order.  It took a while to get place settings and menu, because, well, we were told to seat ourselves and our server wasn't aware of this.  Hopefully the confusion will be corrected over time.*Upscale hip Arcadia vibe*Gorgeous gigantic dark-wood mirror frames the back wall of the strip mall joint.   Open layout , with full length windows and small sleek dark-wood tables throughout with a handful of patio tables out front.  Clientele of talkative (borderline loud) 30-something singles (some w. young kids) reflects the neighborhood.  A bit more polished than the Tempe location, but still OK to dress casual.
5	So this place opened only about a month ago, and I don't even think I can count the number of times I've been here already on both hands. I really like Pita Jungle-- laid back atmosphere, beautiful interior, delicious food! Yes, the waitstaff can be slow at times, but they are young kids, and I feel they generally fit more in the "atmosphere" category than "staff," meaning they are all young and cool and hip, and thus contribute to the whole vibe of the place. I could make a thousand recommendations, but I won't. Just read over the huge menu and try something you never would have thought of. I promise you, it will be good. I will tell you this, though: this location is still waiting on their liquor license as of my last visit. Have the iced tea, it's yummy! Also, this branch is planning to have delivery service soon. I may never leave my house again!
4	What's in a name right? I heard Pita Jungle and thought of some 2nd rate mall food court dive in the back corner.. you know the one with the guy who has the really long armpit hair. A  trusted food blogger wrote a review about this place so I HAD to give it a try.Well to my surprise and honest delight this place didn't have one gnarly armpit to be found!! In fact this place is VERY sleek and sexy in its space.. the food super YUM-E! ((I do feel a little uncomfortable writing about food and armpits.. Im becoming far to self aware!)) The servers were all very attractive and their service very much fit the surroundings, clean, not rushed, comfortable and friendly.When I ordered the Medchilada the server warned me.. he said he had finished one barely and that I may not be able to.. I just looked at him and said "hello!" with 2 hand motioning up and down the sides of my belly! With that he smiled and placed my order though I appreciated the warning. When it came it I was stunned.. he wasn't kidding.. this is THE BIGGEST thing on the menu.. HUGE! It came with the most tasty side of brown rice Ive had! There was so much chicken inside it was falling out the edges.. I sight to behold though not quite a sight when you saw me trying to eat the thing. Id like to say that I have an unhinging jaw but even this was far to thick to grab and take in. All for 10 bucks, oh yeah! Oh yeah!!
3	While one of the healthier choices in Arizona, I wasn't impressed with their food, nor their service. I've only been to the one in Chandler.While the fare isn't terrible, I just don't find it overly flavorful. I've had the hummus, and the lavosh salmon wrap. The wrap was pretty disappointing for me.I'll probably go again just to see if something else on the menu will wow me. And if my opinion changes, I will come back & update.
3	I'm not crazy about this place, and I probably wouldn't return if they didn't have the city's best rice pudding and hummus here. The seating is a little jarring and completely impossible to navigate in a rush. The service is annoying at best, and though prompt, the server's attitude should never be directed by their challenging hairstyle, accessories, etc. You're edgy. We get it. Oh, and parking is a real son of a bitch. I would suggest parking by walgreen's, unless you really enjoy being gridlocked.
5	This is the second of two locations. The first in Tempe has been there for years. I was happy that they finally opened one closer to me. The food is simple pita wraps, beautiful salads, burgers, and pizza with many selections being vegetarian. The menu tends towards middle eastern, with nothing on the menu exceeding $8, this place is a steal for good cooking in a nice atmosphere and great service. There is a wine bar. It was packed on Saturday night. The place was hopping, and rather loud and high energy. I highly recommend it!
4	Fawk I wish I was in AZ at this moment. Pita is sooooo good! I enjoyed there Humans, they have several variations and all are good. This is a kick ass place to grab a great salad as well. Overall I enjoyed it to the max.
5	I love Pita Jungle.  All of them.  Everytime I come to visit my parents in AZ and I fly into Sky Harbor, on our way up to Payson I beg my driver's to indulge me.I have tried to re-create their hummus, but I can't -- it is truly amazing, so smooth and delicious.  And the price is right -- try a comparable "upscale" place and you would be paying triple the price.  The salads are awesome.  I am a big fan of the Lentil Fatoosh, the Broiled Chicken, the Honey Pasta, and the Greek Salad.  The fresh and light dressings are awesome.  As for the Pitas, the California Beach Club is awesome.  And their smoothies, so freakin' good.  And their iced tea is not your run of the mill stuff either.Service has always been fine, and when it has been lacking, the food has always made up for it.  I live in Chicago and I wish they would open an outlet here, because we have nothing like it here.  We are the city of big asses with our deep dish pizza, hot dogs, and sausages.  I miss you, Pita Jungle!
4	Do you know where you are? You're in the jungle baby.  You're gonna die.  But at least you won't die hungry or unhappy.The food here is awesome.  Really delicious stuff.  I can't say enough good things about it.  Except for the fact that Cafe Istanbul is across the effin street.  And I wouldn't say I choose one exclusively over the other, but more times than not, It's Istanbul, not Constantinople.  People rave about their hummus.  Which is raveworthy.  But I'm all about the Babaganoush.  I think eggplant puree is good clean fun.  But the name sounds like slang for some big booty.  And I think I've just found a new euphemism.  Go me.
5	I loved Pita Jungle as an ASU student and was elated when I saw that this location was opening up in my neighborhood a few months back.  Since it opened, I've taken every opportunity that's come up to drag uninitiated friends over to sample their flavorful and healthy offerings.  No one's walked out disappointed.Personal favorites include the lavosh shawarma wrap, spicy chicken wrap, broiled chicken salad (a great way to load up on lean protein), and the caribbean fruit salad (massive).  The value you get from the huge portions is insane.I love the fact PJ is open until 10 every night.  As I noted in my Arcadia Wildflower Bread Company review, beware of this plaza during weekday lunch hours: the parking situation is ridiculous.
4	Let me jump on the bandwagon and add my praise for Pita Jungle.  I love their new location and not just because it is in my 'hood.  It's open, clean and so far, there have been no service issues.  The food is relatively cheap and the portions are big.  I like the macro platter and the chicken wrap.
4	All in all not too bad... the hummas is very good and the tabolie is OK... i have never actually sat there for dinner since i get takeout... the one thing i dont like is that they dont have fried kidby... if anyone knows where i can find it please let me know!!!
5	Let me start off by saying, this isn't a 5 star place to eat. But, I give it a mighty big round up. Why? Read on. The food - 3.5 star worthy. You won't sink your teeth into the best gyro you've ever had, but both the beef and Mediterranean chicken gyros are good. Not great, but good. Portions are generous if you order a wrap. You'll probably need a box for 1/2 your wrap, unless you just have an ungodly appetite. Salads are big, too, and come with plenty of tomatoes and cucumber slices. Now, the hummus, that's good. Try their jalapeno hummus. Quite tasty. Service - 3.5 stars. You won't fall over backwards with surprise, but you shouldn't have any real complaints either. Even during peak hours, like lunchtime, wait time is short, even if you arrive with a hungry group of 7. Splitting up of the check was painless, too. The waitstaff doesn't seem to have much personality, but at least they get to wear whatever they'd like, which can be interesting when you try and figure out who works there (and who doesn't). They're also attentive to your beverage, so refills are no problemo - which is a good thing when you're chowing on Greek grub. Atmosphere - 4 stars. It's welcoming, laid back and clean. You can peek into the kitchen while they prep the food. Even for it being cramped, Pita Jungle still manages to appear more open than you'd expect. You don't feel crowded here, nor do you drown in the conversations of others, even during high traffic times. Also, there's art on the wall, which is usually great eye candy. Artistic Support - 5 stars. This is the clincher. You see, I think it's really awesome that Pita Jungle supports local artists. Don't believe me? Go in the month of December and get a glimpse of the World of Rynaga. The entire concept - books, prints, Web site, etc. - belongs to a local artist. (http://www.rynaga.com/) Let's recap. While the food is really good (not great) and the atmosphere is inviting and friendly, I give Pita Jungle 5 stars for being a super cool restaurant that lends a hand to help expose local artists by displaying their art on their walls for all their hungry patrons to see.
3	I believe they are slightly overrated for what they are, but I enjoy this place nonetheless. Sadly, the food here is hit or miss. The hummus is okay (I've had way better), and the falafel is good only sometimes (sometimes it's burnt to hell). Try the grilled salmon salad - yummy! The food is not outstanding but it's a fun place to just kick back and relax. The Arcadia location is slightly awkward for seating, but try the Scottsdale location and sit on the patio...good stuff. Like other people, I don't complain about the service - the servers are down-to-earth and fun, not uptight and constantly on you like other places.  I appreciate this place.
4	The Jungle (as we call if for short) is one of my favorite places to go for a cheap, healthy, casual meal... I've been to 3 of their 5 locations (Scottsdale, Phoenix, and Tempe), and the food is consistent at all of them.  However, this Phoenix location is my favorite not only because it's closest to home, but the atmosphere is a tad nicer than the others and because the service is extremely attentive!Portions are big, and although I have my favorite items on the menu, I've enjoyed everything I've tasted at the Jungle!  The dish I consistently get for dinner is the macro platter.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I love this!  It comes with mixed beans, brown rice, fresh steamed veggies, tofu, and pita.   Add a little sracha sauce, and I'm a very happy camper!As for other menu items that I like, the hummus is great to start.  I actually have several friends who order hummus and chicken for their entree too!  The gambas con ajo is listed as a 'starter' on the menu, but it can also be a meal!  Their honey pasta salad and their spinach pasta salads are delicious and HUGE portions.  If you like pizza, try the glazed-chicken lavosh pizza... it's my brother's favorite!  The pesto lavash turkey wrap is a good one, as is the medchilada.  Honestly, you can't go wrong...The local artwork adds to the experience.  I warn you, once you try the Jungle, you'll become a regular :)  See you soon, Pita Jungle!
5	If your new to Arizona or visiting, you gotta come here, its CHEAP, healthy and no need to dress up, they have take out also.  So when you go, you have to have their chicken with hummus, AMAZING and so damn tasty, I recommend the Lentil Fetoosh Salad, funny name, but the divine flavors are no laughing matter, also they have a honey glazed Pizza, Eat that one too and of course some Tzatsiki, so refreshing and light.  And if your a vegetarian or are a slob and have room for a good side dish, do their brown rice and lentils, there is just something about the seasoning that makes this a meal on its own, so you can even throw some grilled chicken on that and call it a night. Its really really really good.
2	Food was pretty good, service was HORRIBLE. I went to the Scottsdale location. There really isn't a space set aside for pick up and/or ordering. There's just an island with the servers' computers, and a bunch of patrons standing around confused. A disorganized MESS.
5	Yummy!Big portions, low prices... and food that doesn't make you feel guilty after eating it.  Love the outdoor atmosphere too.  This is a nice place to bring friends after a hike, or just enjoy a casual meal during your day.
3	If you are looking for authentic Greek food or even an authentic tasting gyro, skip Pita Jungle and hit one of the many mom and pop Greek restaurant's around Phoenix. The food is descent, but because of the crowds that flock to the Jungle, food is usually cold by the time it reaches the table. I had previously been to a different Pita Jungle (Chandler area) and remembered the food to be tastier, but it too had the same problem with slow service. Today I visited with my husband, because he has heard mixed things about the Jungle and wanted to decide for himself. To say the least, he was not pleased with his first. We were sandwiched between two other couples in an attempt to maximize seating in an already over crowded restaurant. We heard the couple to our left complain multiple times that the glasses and silverware were dirty. After about 15 minutes the waiter finally appeared to take the drink order and attempted to flee before we even gave our food order. On a positive note, the prices are cheap, and the beer and wine selection is commendable. I was happy to end the meal with something yummy after the all-too-cold falafel.....pistachio ice cream/baklava plate. Next time, if we feel the need to stop by the Jungle, it will be for beverages and dessert only. Try to hit this place up during off hours as well for a more enjoyable dining environment.
5	I have been here numerous times and I always thoroughly enjoy my food.   Delicious healthy food that is not to expensive... you can't really ask for more.  I have been to the Pita Jungle in Tempe before and in no way does it compare to this one in ambiance.  I wish they had this exact restaurant in central phoenix right near my house... I swear I would want to come eat here everyday.  Anyway until that happens I will have to settle for driving a little out of my way to enjoy their food.  On Sunday I stopped in here to pick up some takeout... I had their hummus and taboule pita... I had them put the red pepper hummus instead of the regular and it was sooo delicious and the perfect amount of food.  I cannot wait to come back!
4	This place is pretty good. Nice atmosphere, very casual. Prices are low to moderate. Hipsters tend to hang here.  They do make mean whole grain pancakes in the morning. I would stay away from the pita burrito as it falls apart almost instantly. Defiantly vegan friendly! The pitas are very tasty too with a great texture.
5	SO!  SO good!  I love the hummus, the falafel, the dolmades... mmmmmm!!!! mmmmmm!!!! mmmmmmmm!!!!!  I also love how they always let me make up what I want on my plate and bring it out to me, so I always get my favorites!
5	So, I have to admit that I once threw up in the Pita Jungle bathroom, but it was not Pita Jungle's fault - it was definitely something I ate the night before.  It certainly made for a memorable first date experience with my now husband, and we have been back many many times.Oh, how I love Pita Jungle.  I haven't tried anything that I wouldn't have again in a heartbeat - currently I am hooked on the Potato Pizza.  yummy!Their breakfast options are wonderful - definitely try it on a lazy Sunday morning.  There is usually no wait.The ambiance is fantastic, casual and arty, with a little bit of crunchy granola thrown in.A++ for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  Eat hummus and pita.  Try falafel.  Try anything on the menu, because it is all good.
5	This place is consistently fabulous.Every time I've been there, I've gotten great food and great service.One of my favorite offerings is the Moroccan Gazpacho.  If you love crunchy veggies and a lot of cilantro, this cold soup is for you.  It is accented with plump golden raisins -- which sounds a little weird, but it is divine.  It adds a little sweetness to the strong (but delicious) onion and cilantro.The cold tuna pita is also wonderful.  It's served more or less like a salad, with one of Pita Jungle's sublime pita's on top.  It is also topped with sprouts and a light lemony dressing.  Another fine sandwich is the lavosh shawarma wrap.  Oh dear God....  It just makes me happy.  Juicy chicken, lettuce, tomato, pickles and a shmear of garlic sauce.  It's just so good!If you love hummus, this is another must-try!  The cilantro jalapeno hummus is to die for!  I was actually hoping for it to have a little more of a kick -- it is incredibly mild, but very flavorful.This is definitely one of my go-to places when friends come in town.  There is always good music in the air, and cool art/photography on the wall.
5	I had dinner last night for the first time at this place, and I have to say that I really really liked it a lot!  Upon entering the location, I was impressed with how it was set up.  Clean, nice, with lots of outdoor seating.  The decor gave me a "fancy" feeling of dining, yet without the menu sticker shock.  Clean nice marble looking tables, some booths, and  a big beautiful mirror hung from one of the walls.  Well decorated!After sitting down to eat with Gabi, We were waited on almost immediately, and the server was attentive, and gave us time to think about our orders.  The menu has a wide variety of items to choose from, and from what I could tell, ALL the prices were relatively cheap!I ended up eating the Gyro pita, and I must say, it was tasty, and the portion was quite ample and large.  I would put this on my list of places to return for the good eats since I was so happy the first time around.  I feel that you can't go wrong at this place, from my experience.  I would feel comfortable bringing my parents and dates here as I was impressed with the overall feel of the resturant, along with the excellent food, good sized portions, wide menu variety, and cheap prices.
5	NOTE:  I only had take-out, and it was brought to me by my boss.  She rules!She got me a hummus/grilled/marinated chicken combo.  It has 3 different hummus...es...es (HA!): roasted red pepper, jalapeno and plain ole' hummus.  They are sectioned off in the big plastic container, which rules for my OCD, as I don't like my food touching.  In the center is a PILE (a total monton!) of grilled chicken.  It's got some sort or spicy rub on it, but not too much kick.  It had been marinated, too.  And tender....I think this is the most tender chicken I have ever had.  It made my own tender spots as juicy as the chicken was!I'm not big on pita, so instead she got me a side of cukes.  This thing weighs a ton and I've been eating it for 2 hours.  I have made a mess in my "Make me Yelp" boyshorts.
4	Pita Jungle is pretty decent I've had their chicken shwarma plates every time I go.  It's pretty college-neo hippie-veggie-art on the walls is for sale-type of place.  Not to say that's a negative, just a weird vibe for me personally.Haji Baba is just down the street and personally that is more my speed and I think their hummus is better too.
4	I eat at pita jungle at least once a week and at most about 3.  The Indian School spot is conveniently located between my apt and my work - a 10 mins drive from either.My typical lunch there is the beef gyro ($6) with passion fruit ice tea which hits right on the money with my lunch budget - $10bucks. Sometimes i get a multiberry smoothie to go, which I highly recommend.  Its this lovely purple color, tastes of fresh berries, and its not too sweet - a healthy and refreshing alternative to desert.I experience sudden inexplicable cravings for their beef gyro at times.  The meat is delicious, the pickle and tzatzikii compliment it so well... I'm getting cravings just thinking about it.If you decide to get some hummus as a starter, I recommend the small order with 2 pitas (comes with 1) instead of the large order which seems better suited for 3+ people.I had the seafood provencal from their seasonal menu yesterday, and it was so very delicious i was literally making yummy sounds (mmmm..!) after every bite.Their lunch crowd has gone down in size recently, maybe because its so hot out.  The parking in that strip mall is hell during lunch time too.  There are various different lunch establishments and drivers can get pretty aggressive when they see a car pulling out.The 2 seater tables they have inside are a little cramped.  I prefer more space between me fellow diners and myself and some of my heavier friends find it a little difficult to wedge between tables without interrupting seated diners. Also, forget about having a private conversation if there is a table seated next to yours. The tabletop is at capacity with 2 plates and 2 drinks.The inside of this location has a huge mirror hanging that make it feel way bigger than it is.  It also brings in tons of light and lets you check out the crowd, or more notably, the hot hipster wait staff. That being said, I've never, not even during any super busy lunch rush visits, had bad or unsatisfactory service.  They run lunch rush like a well oiled machine.  One last thing, I am a very thirsty individual, and I love me some good iced tea, on a couple occasions I've been offered refills for my tea in to-go cups. I know its a small thing but, for me it goes a long way.
4	Consistent and Fresh,Its great to have a place that has high turnover and provides quality food that is cooked in a simple manor to make it a no brainer to return.  The Indian School location shows off how far Pita Jungle has made it.  The family has opened up locations all across the valley and producing a variety of success.  Yet, one thing remains the same, consistent food and a family restaurant feeling. Oh yeah for you vegetarians this is your hot spot. Keep growing Pita Jungle, can't wait to visit your restaurants  when I travel out of state (hint hint to you loyal Pita Jungle fans).
3	I have been to Pita Jungle 5 or 6 times and although its tasty, I wouldnt say that it is amazing. The food is normally good, but never really filled with flavor, and I frequently find myself disappointed in their hummus.I like being able to sit indoors or out. No complaints but no raves, either.
3	I like pita jungle just like anyone else, but I think it is given too much cred.The Fake Mediterranean stuff like the lavosh pizza are good, but I can't really say that anything else is anything but adequate.  Falafel is ok there.The most bangin thing is the red pepper hummus, but I would just buy it to go, cause to me, the pitas taste like they bought them at fry's.Salads are huge here, if you're into those for a meal.  Other than that it's just doing what it's supposed to, nothing above and beyond.  I usually find that it's very crowded there too.  I would rather hit up Haji's.
2	Originally I went here  as so many people here commented on how great the food was- so my expectations were high. However, when i got there, I thought the food was just ok. Nothing special. The portions are huge and I think the food is average. Overall its not a bad deal as prices are reasonable.
1	My food (take out) was sloppily put together and sloppily wrapped. The staff was busy ignoring me while I stood there waiting for someone to ask what I'd like. They were very busy admiring each other. The food was average to not so good. I purchase catering for my company. And I'm always looking for a new place to get food for 100 or more for meetings. Pita Jungle is NOT on my list.
2	Pretty good food, although its kinda loud inside, and you can't drink outside. I agree, too much cred. The food is okay, but the lousy drop out student service SUCKS.
3	I've been to the place on Shea a few times and have always been impressed by the food and service. I just moved to central Phoenix and was excited to find  P.J. right down the road.Same good food, different crappy service. I ordered for take-out, and didn't realize until I got home that they had not given me my soup. So I called to ask them to credit my card, and was told they "don't do that." Wha...? It's a FACT that you can return things to a credit card the same day of purchase, I do it at my place of business frequently. Instead, they gave me a number to use for "store credit" next time I order there. Sneaky way to skimp on service and keep the change.Of course I'll be going back, because now I have this credit I have to use up...but it's fast being added to my list of restaurants I love to hate: Oregano's, Houston's, and now Pita Jungle!
4	My first experience at Pita Jungle was mediocre but my friends were raving about it. I just didn't get it. I had a veggie burger that wasn't too exciting. On the next few trips though I changed my mind. Try the hummus starter -- it's the best in all the land. You can't go wrong with a wrap or pita. I usually eat tackle the one thousand beans pita, which is a huge portion and you'll definitely have left overs.Pita Jungle is always packed. Good, friendly service. Great for take out.
5	Blow's my mind how this place has existed for so long, so close to my house without being noticed.  That is the major hurdle to jump is the cookie cutter exterior facade which is of no control of the restaurant to a certain degree, but could be achieved (maybe some 4' LED's in an abstract collage across the store front).  The food is excellent, the service is unbelievable, and incognito which is such a social commentary that is amazing.  I think in some ways just the philosophy of how the kitchen is visible is what the restaurant is about, and the people and organization of the tables.  It really blows my mind to think that there are people who think about how things interact and create points of overlap, functionally and physically.  If I was suck on an island with only the "Pita Jungle,"  I would have a huge delicious menu to not get bored with I could probably go every day for every meal and not dip into my savings and still feel healthy wonderful, funny, and intelligent; but that might just be because of how the portions and the size of the table are in direct conflict, so perfect is it when you spend 20 bucks and the table can barely contain all the wonderful and delicious samples of perfection.
4	My biggest complaint about Pita Jungle is its name, which makes the place sound more like a fast-food Mediterranean joint like Extreme Pita than an upscale, healthy restaurant. In fact, even though I've worked nearby for over three months now and driven by countless times, I've avoided going there because I didn't know it was the kind of place it is. Of course, I know now, but I think the name was a poor choice for communicating what the restaurant's all about. Anyway, that little naming issue aside, Pita Jungle is a great choice for a time when you'd like to have a sit-down lunch or dinner but pay reasonable prices that are more reflective of a faster dining option. Additionally, the portions are very large for the price. I went with a co-worker, and our two dishes and two sodas came out to less than $20 total. While none of the menu choices seemed mind-blowingly creative to me, my co-workers swears by the black bean burger and I thought my falafel pita was light and flavorful (and a steal at only $5.25!). Now that I know that Pita Jungle is a restaurant serving fresh and healthy food, I have a feeling I'll be back pretty often.
5	This is one of my 'go to' places when I am looking for a casual, low cost lunch or dinner. All of the hummus selections are tasty. I usually treat myself to the chicken & hummus with a combination of the cilantro & pepper hummus. The food and vibe is great. I would definitely recommend.
4	I have tried the other one on shea, but this is close to home and work. I love the enviornment, the clientle, the healthy food, outstanding service and very reasonable prices. The waitstaff is great, the food always comes out quick and tastes amazing. Get anything with chicken as it is delicious and if you like hummus try it here. Also, they have great ice tea. This place is one of my favorites and well worth a try.
3	This location is a lot more pleasant to dine at then it's Scottsdale location. The Scottsdale location is always busy with Scottsdale's finest soccer moms. Screw that. Pita jungle is a decent place if you are looking for food that is a bit healthier. Lots of vegetarian and light fare is offered here. I always get the same thing, because I am a meat eater. The Gyro pita with a side of the Garlic roasted potatoes. I am disappointed that they use the preformed fabricated gyro meat for this pita. Would like to see them use the fresh shaved meat. But by judging the clientele, I'm sure it's one of the least popular pitas. Service is always adequate. Great spot to grab a pita and iced tea and hang out.
4	Pita Jungle is an unassuming, relaxed restaurant. The decor and mood are decidedly low-key and menu centers around purportedly healthier foods like hummus, falafel and of course, plenty of pita. Ingredients are typically very fresh and vibrant looking. I can highly recommend any of the hummus appetizers as well as the baba ghanoush. The warm pitas such as the falafel or beef gyro are definite winners being cheap, delicious and filling.This is a sit-down restaurant but food typically arrives very quickly and you can done with your entire meal in less than 40 minutes. The service at Pita Jungle isn't the place's high point. It's usually friendly but there's a short and rushed feel to it. That's probably due to the great value that Pita Jungle offers. Considering that myself and a companion can eat there with 3 courses for around $20, tips are generally low as well, even if you're tipping 25%.Overall, the food is good, service is quick and the experience is laid back. It's definitely one of my favored locations in the valley on a budget.
4	Four stars is a very high rating for me....Pita Jungle, one of my all time favorites. Why? First, the food is fresh, always...Second, it is wonderful Mediterranean cuisine, middle eastern, and more....Third, it is healthy and very tasty, hard to get together, finally it is casual, relaxed....No it isn't a place to take your mother on her birthday, unless she is an aging hippie, no it isn't a Las Vegas, Beverly Hills chain migrating East to Phx, and no, there is no valet parking,  it won't cost you a week's paycheck, and you don't have to buy a special outfit to go there. It is food for everyday eating...I love the hummous, baba ganosh (eggplant like hummous), shrimp appetizers, all the wraps, the fruit salad is monstrous, fresh and yummy. The fish entrees are terrific...Matter of fact,  I have never had a mediocre dish at this place. Try it, you will like it.
2	I normally enjoy Pita Jungle, but this was our first visit to this location. I don't think we'll return. The Spanakopita was barely warm, and I had to double check that they actually used fillo dough. It certainly didn't look like it at first glance, and it did not have much of a flaky crunch. It absolutely was not worth nearly $4 for a very modest halved triangle. My sirloin with hummus was simply not appetizing- the two flavors did not  marry well to my taste, and the meat was too overdone (and I was not given an option to have it rarer). The chicken with hummus and pine nuts is far superior and a dish I have enjoyed many times before. Hubby enjoyed his falafel pita well enough. His only complaint was that there was not enough tzatsiki sauce. I thought the falafel was overly crunchy and too dry on the inside, but then again, I am super picky about falafel, having spent a summer in Ann Arbor years ago, learning Arabic and eating outstanding Middle Eastern food. The service was OK, not particularly friendly, but efficient. I think this location can take a lesson or two from the East valley locations.
5	This is the best Pita Jungle I have been to.The service at this location is outstanding.  We have never had issue with delayed food or attitude & the servers go above and beyond.The food at this location is consistently good & the portions are generous.  I am a huge fan of the cilantro hummus topped with pico de gallo.  The garlic potatoes are simply awesome!  If they don't come with your dish, order a side of them.Pita Jungle has a TON of vegetarian options.  The Macro Platter is a great choice.  I think I would sell a kidney for their mixed bean recipe.
4	The BEST hummus I have had.  No lie.  Creamy, yet light, flavorful, yet not too much so...it was heaven in my mouth, served on a warm pita...delightful!  I could've eaten an embarassingly large bowl of it and had that been enough.  Falafel was tasty and my taboule was light and refreshing, the fruit platter looked huge and delicious...everything was beautifully presented, colorful, and just tasty.I felt tragically unhip here, but alas, I kind of already am tragically unhip.  However, when I'm in the Phoenix-area again and craving some serious hummus, I will face the hipsters and come back.  Scoff if they must, I need pureed garbanzo beans like nobody's business.
3	So...all my granola, yoga, hippie, meditating, health nut, vegan, vegetarian friends love this place... so I finally got convinced to meet some friends here...I played it safe and just got the iced tea..the tea was good! I lived...so I was happy and when the next day rolled around and another right wing the government is out to kill us friends suggested we eat there I said "why not"!! I think the government is trying to kill us too!!!!So I got the Portabello mushroom burger with the red potatoes. And my friend got steamed vegetables and  a plate of humus or something I really can't recall...it might of been a garden salad.  My burger was a bit watery and the potatoes were bland, I had the tea again which was again good. Also my friends steamed veggies were probably the best thing I ate here. The service was excellent and even though sometimes I questioned if the guy serving my tea, was just another friendly patron or he actually worked there...I think he must of worked there because I paid him and no one seemed to fuss that we didn't pay when we left so I am thinking he is a bonafide employee.  And I was sitting right next to the serving station so I am not sure if I was not right there how it would of been...but I tipped like 20% so it was kosher for this visit.Overall, Pita Jungle was OK not great but not horrible....I don't know if I will be writing home raving about it..but I found it Yelp worthy...I would probably give it 3 and 1/2 stars if Yelp would get with the half a star program!!!! I will most likely try to eat here again soon.
5	None of this is news.  If you want a dirt cheap meal that will make both your tongue and wallet sing, go to Pita Jungle.  I agree with previous reviewers, it is a stupid name.  Throwing that aside, this is on the short list of places I would agree to for any given meal.  By myself I tend to resort to  the Black Bean Burger, or one of the Wood-Fired Pizzas.  With the girl, our order of choice is the Hummus with Grilled Chicken, and the Fruit and Cheese Fantasia.  The latter order is a ridiculous amount of food at an unthinkably low price, which happens to be ludicrously tasty.  Pita Jungle is one of those few places where it is difficult to blow it, everything is good, healthy and affordable.
4	When Gabi K suggested we stop at Pita Jungle for a bite to eat after a Yelp event I had images of Rainforest Cafe in my head.  I think it's the "jungle" part of their name that led me to that vision.  But when we arrived at Pita Jungle I didn't see any over the top jungle decorations, loud fake animals, or screaming children (phew).  Instead Pita Jungle is a lowkey spot to get some good Mediterranean food.I had filled up on good eats at the Yelp event so I just split some pita and hummus with Jared M.  And yes, the hummus is as good as the other yelpers claim...mmm.  Gabi hadn't pigged out at the event like we had so she ordered her favorite macro platter- it appeared to be both healthy and delicious!  Definitely something I"ll be ordering during future trips to Pita Jungle.Oh, and the price is right too. Now this is one jungle I plan on visiting again!
5	holla atcha baba ganoush!omfg, LOVE this place.  i hadn't been before one of the soldiers i work with said she wanted some hummus & chicken.  "hummus?" says i.  "i shall venture out to retrieve this prize for you, if you will man my station for the duration of my investigation of this location."anyway!  i went out to grab lunch for my co-workers in the lab.  as the reigning queen of indecision, i decided to get the mediterranean combo.  best decision of my LIFE...well...maybe weekend.  but STILL!  the baba ganoush is my new fave thing!  the hummus was AWEsome!  they gave me a whole pack o' pitas.  A PACK...they didn't even take them out of the bag.  HOLLA!  and i know this sounds weird, but the croquette things tasted like burritos i used to buy for like...a buck and microwave.  might sound gross, but in reality, i would eat those burritos everyday if they weren't disgustingly bad for me.  so BONUS!i got hummus for another soldier, he LOVED it.  i heard that the gyro was to die for AND the hummus/chicken combo was DE-LI-CI-OUS.  gotta get it with the lime/cilantro hummus.  PLUS, i got all this for less than 40 bucks!you'll see me here again, in a t-shirt that says "baba ganoush is my homie"
4	holy crap.  try the side order of garlic mushrooms.  they are little pieces of heaven that are such a delight to pop in your mouth.also, on the special menu right now there's a salad called the mediteranian chicken salad, which really truly may be the most incredible salad i've ever eaten in my life.  i wish i could drink the dressing that topped the impressive mix of greens, corn, roasted red peppers, cilantro, raisins, pine nuts, red onions, parsley, well-seasoned chicken, and i can't remember the rest.  omg.  beautiful.service was fine, not exceptional, but the staff was friendly enough.i'm so HAPPY i found this place.  go there.
5	What can I say, probably my favorite healthy dish in the valley: Chicken and hummus.  You just feel good after eating here.
5	The jungle is the best.  My wife and I can get dinner and a bottle of wine for less than forty bucks.   And half their meals are to big to eat in one sitting.
4	I tried this place for the first time today and the food was delicious.  I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and it was fresh and full of wonderful flavors.  The chicken was perfectly seasoned and the choice of ingredients was unexpected yet delicious!  Kudos to the chef and owners for great quality food at a good price.  HOWEVER....  I take off a star because of the outrageously rude service.  I was dining alone and was not only ignored by my server, but when I asked to pay he did not answer and only glared at me.  He brought the check a moment later with no smile or "How was the food?".  The only contact made by any staff member once my order was taken was by a buser that took my plate away.  Shame on the server for having a severe attitude problem, but double shame on the restaurant for staffing their restaurant with disrespectful employees.
5	I'm worried that the business is down because of the economy and we might not see PJ around much longer. The parking is a nightmare, but the food is really good and healthy. Please patronize this place and keep it around. I used to go to the location in Tempe -I actually started going there when it first opened about 20 years ago. The portions are huge, and the flavors are distinct and fresh. I almost always get  the Mediterranean platter. It has these gross looking cold green beans (which taste fantastic), and a bunch of other Greek and med dipping hummus, tabbouleh, felafel, dolmades, etc. it's really good and comes with pitas. The pizzas are great, the fish superb, and the deserts are tops. The workers are eclectic, young, efficient, and nice. The prices are just right for what you get. If you are tired of the same old semi-fast food, and want something fresh, yummy, and healthy, go to Pita Jungle.
3	Man I wish I was cool enough to work at Pita Jungle.Here we go....really good food, service...needs serious help.I have been to 3 Pita Jungle locations, and every location, same story.They hire only one type of person. The art school drop out that thinks they are so cool they shouldn't have to get you drinks. It's such a shame. The food is really good and semi healthy, however the staff is such a buzz kill.My last visit, my waiter was either stoned or drunk, i couldn't tell. He looked annoyed he even had to say hi let alone attempt to get our order right. After F* up our order twice, he sat in the corner gabbing with another server about how hungover he was and couldn't wait to be off. My girlfriend spent several minutes trying to flag someone down for our check, but no one could be bothered. I guess when you have drinking stories to share--who cares about getting paid? If they would hire new staff and adopt the mantra "care about our customers" then maybe I would go back...
4	Went back...it was better then the first time...but the service was not what it could be...Oh well, the food was good. Need to work on the service they need to get wristbands or something..never know who my waiter is half the time.
3	When I first moved to Arizona I used to obsessed with this place.  The hummus was amazing and they had some delicious entrees.  Now that 5 years have passed, the novelty of Pita Jungle has worn off.  Now it seems like everything is oversized portions with bland flavors.
4	I love Pita Jungle.  Mainly I visit for their hummus and ice tea.  Plus the shrimp/pita/tomato thingy is to die for!  Parking at the 44th/Indian School road location is a nightmare so just run in and pick it up!
3	I suppose I should sit back and relax a bit before I write this, but what the heck, right?  Went to this location for dinner tonight.  The food?  About what we expect when we go to Pita Jungle (and we've been many times) except we USUALLY go to the location on Shea.  I kinda wish we had.  First, this location has a funky setup that I don't like - it's just a big box with some tables in it.  Second, I had heard a rumor that the staff at this location were a bit unfriendly.  I figured it was just a rumor.  Based on our waitress, it's more fact than rumor.  We are fans of tabbouleh, but tonight there seemed to be an abundance of parsley in the dish...  We commented to our waitress and she said "What you're eating is Tabbouleh, a parsley salad"...  Yeah, thanks.  Um.  Usually it's not so parsley-y.  "It's always like that"...  Well, we get it a lot, and... "I've been working here for years, and that's how it's always been"...  OK.  Nevermind.  Enjoy your 10%.  I've always enjoyed Pita Jungle, and will continue to enjoy it, just not at this location.  PS - My falafel pita was just sort of meh, but you sure were prompt on filling iced teas!
4	I've been a fan of Pita Jungle since my ASU days, when I lived down the street from the Apache location. Now I live in the Arcadia area so this is the one we frequent. I haven't noticed a huge difference between the two locations, same great food, same stoned servers.My usual is the Portabello burger. The balsamic marinade they use is fantastic. The presentation is a little messy, but once it hits your lips it's so good.  I pass on the new potatoes for steamed spinach and it's pretty amazing.Everyone knows the hummus rocks. I love how they let you split up a small order between the roasted bell pepper and jalapeno cilantro. It's like a little hummus sampler for less than $5.The service can be spotty, especially when it comes to drink refills, but I've surprisingly never had an order come out incorrectly. I normally would not be surprised by this standard service expectation being consistently fulfilled, but I have had some BAKED servers here, so the fact that they can remember my steamed spinach substitution each and every time is kind of impressive. So, good job, stoned servers. Maybe work on the drink thing, though.
5	PJ is my favorite restaurant- I got hooked on the Riviara Tuna Salad in 2001. Once you go to the Jungle, you will always want to go back. They have a unique and distinct style and their walls are decorated with local artists work. All of their locations are awesome. The menu is nothing short of amazing. What I love about PJ is that the menu choices are vast and different, healthy. Come with an appetite, the portions are enormous.
3	Their beef gyro's are delicious!  Great portions for what you pay.  And their falafel is really good too.  Not a great portion it seems for an order of hummus, we got like one piece of pita.  Just didn't seem to be much there.  We always do carryout, and either the bartender is really nice and funny, or just werent very friendly.
5	Oh Pita Jungle, how I love you so. I first was brought here by my mother upon my return to Phoenix for a healthy lunch. The place is very busy but adequately priced.I am a huge fan of the greek salad and if you just want a light lunch, get a small. The falafel platter is delicious, as well as the spinach four-cheese quesadilla. I've never had a problem with the service, my water is always promptly refilled and yes, they are short, but I would be too if the place was as busy as it is during lunch. Art adorns the walls and I'm a fan of that huge mirror [sneaky people-watching!] on the back wall. I would recommend this place to anyone, it really is my favourite spot for lunch.
4	Loving the Pita Jungle! Almost twice a month my friends and I meet there for gossip and wine and mediterranean food.. AND the crowd reminds me a bit of DC... (silly I know!, but I love when guys are in suits at lunch! ).. hehe! ABOUT the food... Greek Salad.. if your watching your mid.. this is what I say works! Large or small .. the large too much for me.. but its a good salad. IF no dates that week! THEN 'splurge' on the Spinach Quesadilla. its on lavosh bread... and not over greasy.. their version of pico de gallo, is fresh and works with the quesadilla.. and the tsaziki is a plus.. all med cafes need an awesome tsaziki, after all its just a given! They have a full bar.. good wines.. Gazpacho rocks! AND Ive had the seared ahi with fruit salad.. YUM! the portions are big.. be prepared... :-) NOW If I were here on a lunch hour.. idk..this place has a wait outside and in.. and its placement of tables is on the European scale (like elbow to elbow).. make friends , I guess!
5	I cannot believe I haven't given a review of Pita Jungle yet! This is our lunch spot! And apparantly the rest of Phoenix considers it their lunch spot too....Good luck finding a parking spot ...Have fun waiting for a seat ...... because it is going to be busy!We've started parking at the Walgreen's close by because it's ALWAYS packed. Annoying as it might be ... it just shows how AMAZING this place really is.The hummus is sooo addictive. Seriously. I can't go a week without it! Their beef gyro puts Greek restaurants to shame. The cucumbers and tomatoes that come with the hummus are just scrumptious.No matter what you're in the mood for - Pita Jungle will satisfy!
4	While I don't falter often from my usual order, everything from Pita Jungle that I've had has been great. I usually get the half jalapeno/half roasted red bell pepper hummus followed by the glazed chicken lavosh. The lavosh is absolutely amazing, toasted in their wood fire oven and topped with generous portions of the honey glazed chicken and feta cheese. The half green tea/half lemonade arnold palmer is my refreshment of chioce, refreshing my taste buds and preparing them for another round of the excellent food. The servers here are great too, but I don't mean in a white-glove waiter sort of way. These are the people that are fresh off the bong, and honestly, I'm surprised the food even makes it to the table intact. Don't get me wrong, If they were to change this I may not frequent as much. I enjoy my fare share of baked-out-of-their-mind servers, there's just less stress!  The only negative thing I can think of about this place is that the dishes are a little too expensive to make it a weekly stop and the tables are pretty crowded together. Other than that I've never seen anything to complain about. I also love the ever-changing art from local talent! Very chill place...
5	I love the lavosh shwarma wrap, the garlicky sauce is awesome. And, the greek salad that comes on the side is splashed with lemon instead of an oily dressing like many places. It is not expensive either. Love it!
4	Pita Jungle is a great spot! Dress-up, dress-down, come straight from a workout... no need to worry at Pita Jungle. The servers are laid back and the vibe is always good. The food is fantastic. You can try something new every time and won't be disappointed - there's something for everyone. Don't be scared by the "healthy" look to this place. Some of the best things are the Blue Nachos and the Four Cheese Quesidilla - yum! Plus the Mediterranean Salad is to die for. Portions are big enough to share so get a couple things and branch out.
5	This is one of my favorite places for lunch.  You need to get there early (11am) the place fills up quickly.  LOVE this place.
5	I have been a fan of Pita Jungle for a while but I usually have eaten at the one in Desert Ridge.  Well Hubby one day said "hey meet me for lunch at Pita Jungle near work on Indian School"  I was like cool.  THEN he said "you'll love this one, its way better than the one near our house".  I gave him that skeptical look (oh you boys know which look I'm talking about...)We went and had a great lunch and I have to tell you this place is way better.  The Jalapeno and Cilantro Hummus tastes like fresh Cilantro and has a little snap from the Jalapeno the way mother nature intended.  I love the Chicken Tikka Masala which is loaded with tender chicken in a sauce I can swim in.  My husband always orders the same thing - the Chicken Del Sol (which I am secretly envious of but refuse to order the same thing as he does.  I know I know, I'll have to get over that some day...)  I also tried the Hummus and Steak on the very last visit and have to say that this dish just rocks!  I think I could order anything here and it would be fabulous.I love the funky Bohemian-cool atmosphere of this place too.  The servers are all really friendly and very efficient. Love this place!!!
5	Pita Jungle makes me so happy, I usually do a little dance while I enjoy their food. I have never had a bad meal at either location, though I prefer the one on Indian School. My favorites include red lentil soup, tiki marsala, chicken pita or lavosh, and the lentil salad is amazing. Great staff to boot. It is a perfect place for dinner if you need a quick restaurant on your way to a play or concert.
5	we were in the mood for some vegetarian fare and two of the places we wanted to try were closed, so we remembered pita jungle!!!it was 3pm on a sunday so noone was there. we basically had the place to ourselves, but since there were so many takeout orders for superbowl sunday, the cook service was a bit slow. we each had one of the daily fish specials, one mahi mahi dish and one other tuna dish. the mahi mahi was ornately presented and tasted even better! with all the extra hummus, we both got quite full! each dish was about 10 bucks, so we felt well spent! good wait staff. we'll have to place pita jungle closer to the front of the memory bank!
5	Wow!  I was really surprised!My coworked asked me to join him at Pita Jungle and I was assuming a place similar to a Pita Pit.  Instead what I got was a full-menu, some great offerings, and not one disappointing order!I got:Hummus - one of the best plates of hummus I have ever hadDolmades - smaller than I am accustomed to, but they were almost meaty in consistency and taste, though it was vegetarian.Tabbouleh - spooned helping after helping into my falafel pita, wonderful, crisp, just enough vinegar, refreshingFalafel - freshly fried, hearty-tasting, I was fulfilled until the next morningHighly recommended for a long lunch or a shorter dinner.  This place is great!
4	Went here with a co-worker for a quick lunch last week, and I now understand what the buzz is all about.  The food is tasty, healthy and simple.  Simple meaning that it doesn't have all kinds of crazy stuff/ingredients in it, and you can order a light healthy lunch easily.We shared the trio hummus and a veggie pizza.  Both awesome, although I would say I've had hummus that is just as good elsewhere (but I guess how amazing can one make hummus, really?  it's chickpeas, garlic and whatever else you throw in there).  However I was QUITE impressed with the veggie pizza.  Perfect size for sharing, and the veggies were so fresh and colorful!  What a treat!Will be back I'm sure.  I have a closer one in Gilbert & am hoping the food is consistently good across all their locations.
5	I've been a fan of Pita Jungle since before they started expanding locations. This one is much closer to me than the original. The one in Tempe has always had weird spacey hot chicks working there... I always sort of wondered if it was a cult of some sort. It has since become I guess the ideal dream job for a hot college/high-school hipster. Every location I've been to is the same in this respect. It's also the same experience in terms of great food. The menus vary slightly from location to location, but the comestibles are always outstanding. If you like hummus, you should like this. It's light and creamy and flavorful. Not gritty or bland at all. I'd say in the last few years they've even improved on their food in terms of quality if that was possible. Their chicken has been more reliable and everything is just more consistent. Everything else... veggies, salads, pasta, pitas, etc... all great. Most of it healthy as well as tasty. I love that you can see the kitchen while you wait for your food. It's so clean. After watching Kitchen Nightmares for the past few years, I'm paranoid about dirty kitchens. This one is immaculate - cleaner than my own. I also dig the decor. Every location is aesthetically pleasant. Another great thing about this place is that it's not terribly expensive. Three of us ate for 42 bucks. Not too bad. I like this location more for lunch and the Tempe location for dinner. Don't know why, but I'd rather drink wine at the Tempe location. I can't really complain too much - had less than perfect service once or twice across all locations... had imperfect food a few times. I'm not a fan of the outdoor seating - metal table/chairs - it's not a big deal though. So tough trying to find fault here. Not only is Pita Jungle one of the best restaurants in the Valley, it's an AZ original (afaik) that we can be proud of. I wish I thought of it more often - particularly when I have out of town guests. Pita Jungle is full of win.
3	Good, fresh food at a good price.  If I lived in Phoenix still I would eat here regularly.  Extensive menu and friendly service.  Their falafel is awesome, as is the hummus!  My only complaint is that the wraps are nearly impossible to eat as-is.  I have to cut 'em up with a knife and a fork because they are so huge.
4	I really enjoy Pita Jungle.  This is another one of our go-to spots.  Food is always fresh and good.  Service is also good.  Food is reasonably priced and you can make it a longer casual dinner, or short and easy dinner--your preference.  Try the quesidilla, mediterranean salad, and the nachos.Food: 4Service: 4Ambiance: 3
4	Pita Jungle is the Pound for Pound champion of the city.  PJ packs the best food for dollar quality and quantity I know of in Phoenix.  Not only is it a great place with a lot of options, but it is inexpensive.  We ate there today and shared the hummus, got a cup of soup and the thousand bean hot pita and an iced tea at it was only $18.  That is great for any sit down, but even a better deal because the food is awesome.The Hummus is great.  Two tips - 1. ask for a mix of all 3 flavors (same price and you get a chance to try all three) and 2. Ask for an extra pita (no extra cost) - not sure why you only get one to start since you can barely finish the plate with 2 pitas.If you are in the mood for soup, I recommend the red lentil soup.  It is thick and go with the cup of soup vs. the bowl.  The cup is about as big as a full bowl anywhere else.  The soup has just the right texture and full of flavor and my wife simply calls it "goodness."Salads are always a great choice and don't worry, you get a plate overflowing with food, too.  I also go with the Thousand Bean Hot Pita.  I seriously think it comes with a full 1000 beans over a bread of brown rice on a pita - very good and half the plate will fill you up.  The only downer is that the place is pretty small and the parking lot is shared by other busy places, so at lunch you have to be a parking lot stalker to find a seat.  It is worth the wait if there is one, but they pack their food in nice to go boxes, so take out is also a solid option.
5	I may be new to Yelp, but I have been a huge fan of Pita Jungle for years!   I have dined at many locations including Scottsdale, Phoenix and Tempe locations.  I love the cozy wine bar atmosphere!  My only wish is that there would be a sit down location in Old Town!  I love the hummus, you can order ask for the humus trio - well worth it.  By far my favorite is the Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza!  I get it with extra chicken!  The best!  I am also a huge fan of the Grilled Vegetable Salad.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  I eat in or pick up Pita Jungle at least once a week!  The portions are great and for dine in they have a great wine selection! What can I say Pita you're awesome!
4	Went to lunch here today with a co-worker. We left about 11am and got there about 1115 or so and the place was packed, which is definately a good sign!Once we got seated, we ordered some hummus and pita bread. Like others, you get a full dish of hummus, and 1 pita. You definately need 2 or 3 to take down the whole thing. The hummus was some of the best I have had around town...The Chicken Lavosh Wrap I got was very tasty. The only negative thing I have to say is that the parking lot shares with Rubios, Pei Wei, Subway, Zen Zen, and a few others. It was pretty difficult to find a spot to park. But if you can find a place to park, make sure to check this place out. Its some tasty business!!
4	I am reviewing this Arcadia Pita Jungle while anticipating the newest location opening downtown at 3rd and Roosevelt by Lola Coffee sometime very soon I hear.  But also b/c I just ate at PJ today for lunch and realized I have never yelped it, how odd.  I like it, I don't LOOOOVE it like some people do and that's okay--- considering, I have only had salads here it's hard to really fall in love with a place when all you've had are salads.  The wraps and other items on the menus look delish, I really need to branch out more.  Today's menu was the salmon salad, it was really good and really big, glad I ordered it b/c I was hungry.   My only complaint is that it took really long for the bill to get to our table which normally doesn't bother me but when you need to hurry back to work, it can be annoying.  The staff are friendly, I was thrown back by our server though b/c she was dressed like heading out to a brunch with her gal pals and was wearing a fedora so when she walked up to our table and asked what we wanted to drink,  I was hesitant to tell her b/c I thought she was just a nosy diner.  haha.All in all, I'm a fan.   Seating is a bit tight, but not to worry if you go before noon.  The minute we sat down at 11:55, there was a line forming out the door for a table.
4	Since this place is located in a strip mall I mistakenly assumed it was one of those places where you ordered at the counter and then grabbed a table.  I was a little bit surprised when I arrived and discovered it was more of a sit down casual restaurant.  I ended up getting take out so it didn't really matter in any case.I ordered their hummus and tabbouleh pita. When they handed me my to-go bag I thought they had given me enough food to feed a small army...it seriously weighed several pounds.  I think I ended up making three meals out of it...and all three meals were delicious.  If I lived in Phoenix I would come here all the time.
3	I had a great meal at this restaurant.  I was appalled at the hostess.  She was wearing 'Daisy Duke' shorts, her butt cheeks were hanging out and the suspenders she was wearing kept pulling her shorts up into her rear end.  Our table was close to where she was standing and we were constantly seeing her put her fingers into the back of her shorts and pull them out of her crack.  Now normally I would not be upset but she was setting tables with silverware and giving out menu's with those hands she kept sticking up her butt crack and I couldn't help thinking "How much fecal matter is she passing along to the patrons" which caused me to stop eating, pay my bill and decide I would not be coming back to this restaurant.
3	The food here is really just average. There isn't a ton of flavor and the service is average. Typically, I opt for Z's Greek, the Mediterranean fast food restaurant down the block instead. Cheaper and better food.
1	I hate to give any Pita Jungle 1 star, I loooooooooove pita jungle!  But this place deserves it. I went here last Saturday with my sister and a friend. Our waitress was quick to take our drink order. At that time we placed an order for some hummus to snack on while we waited as they were super busy. Our drinks were delivered, but no hummus...we figure it will be out any moment....10 minutes go by and some other person comes to our table with our lunch order sans hummus...The waitress shows up and we ask if we could still have the hummus we ordered, she acted as if we just asked her to do something out side of her job description. Then my sister and I dig into our food, we both ordered the same exact thing and we both asked for chicken in our salads, neither of our salads had chicken. When we brought this to our waitresses attention she got all mad and huffed and puffed and we just told her to make sure we didn't get charged for the chicken as we didn't receive it. She really sucked. Every time she came to our table she acted like a big bitch. The waitress that was waiting on the section next to us was dressed in an outfit that was so ridiculous. Tank top, cowboy boots and shorts that were SO SHORT you could seriously almost see her lady parts. This is not an over exaggeration, I don't even own bathing suits that short. This chick could have hit up the beach for a tan and not gotten any tan lines, that's how short these shorts were. She was barley covered and I was thankful she was not our waitress as I didn't want any rouge hairs in my meal. I can not believe that the PJ allows their wait staff to dress however they want with out any set reasonable guidelines. THe food was awesome, the experience...not so much.
3	Good service - it's fast & easy.  Alcohol is served only if your'e dining inside.  But it's nice that they have an outdoor seating option.  I was pleasantly surprised w/ the quality of food.  It was actually pretty good and reasonably cheap.
3	Sadly, I have to give this location of Pita Jungle mixed reviews. The food, as always, is delectably tasty. We had a mixed hummus platter to start with. Three varieties of hummus with pita bread. All three were very good.I had the Chipotle Chicken Lavosh (special). It was so tasty! Really flavorful and really spicy. Loved it.Here is the downside - all concert floors, tables packed really close together, and ridiculously loud in the place. Hard to hear the person across the table from you talking. Love the food, the location/build out are mediorce at best.Chandler location is a much better set up.
5	Just picked up my catering order for 25 people at work and I couldn't be happier! Ryno the GM at the 44th Street & Indian School location, helped me personally and was so nice. He helped me get the most bang for my buck and offering to package our pitas "open face" saved me from an annoying afternoon of coworkers complaining because they didn't want this or that on it. The hummus is fantastic and the veggies crisp! Thank you Ryno and the staff there, we'll be putting you guys on our regular lunch order rotation! ~Lisa
3	I want to love Pita Jungle - it's close to my house, reasonably priced and fairly healthy - but I don't.  The food is just ok.  I am sad it's not better. Service friendly and fast - just not spectacular flavors.
4	Chicken del sol is delicious and chicken pasta salad are my favorite!
5	I have been to this location in awhile, but my coworker from IN was in town.  She wanted something healthy, so Pita Jungle popped in my mind.  She absolutely loved it.  She commented on how trendy the place is.  She loved the pasta salad and the portion is huge.  I ordered the humus and grilled chicken with roasted pinenuts.  OMG, this is my favie now.  Move over chicken philly steak, Hello my new friend humus with grilled chicken with roasted pinenuts.  The pita was plenty.   Mmmmmmm..................
5	Pita Jungle has the best food. It is my top 5 places to eat.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Everything about this place is absolutely delicious. My favorite is the medchilada. Yum!
5	I love everything at this place! I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered here.. I love the cilantro jalapeno hummus; it is now the ONLY hummus I eat. Nothing else compares.
5	12:00pm, I call in my order for pick-up. The guy tells me that it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. WOAH! Not too bad for lunchtime. I was prepared to kick myself for not being able to make up my mind on where I wanted to go for lunch today. I was expecting to have to wait 30-45 minutes. So, I'm now enjoying the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) Pita. Hold the Tahini and Garlic Dip/Sauce, add Tsatziki. Never a problem with customizing your order! I walk in and there is my order waiting for me! I am in and out the door in less than 3 minutes. Awesome! My only gripe, and its not about the restaurant - parking. Oh and people not knowing how to drive in that flippin parking lot. Granted, I went during lunchtime and PJ is right next to another busy restaurant. Its a battle over parking spaces. And some resort to parking in firelanes. Okay, so I cant pull into this parking space, and it appears no one wants to attempt it due to some tard temporarily blocking half the lane. I am more precise backing my truck in the spot than pulling in anyway!  Tasty Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) Pita.  YUM!
4	I always get the mediterranean platter here and it is always tasty.  Good, healthy, reasonably priced food with okay service.
4	I've never had a bad experience here ever! The hummus is incredible, the hummus trio is my absolute favorite! They are always extremely accommodating when I ask for a side of cucumbers instead of pita bread which is great! My best recommendation is to always try the daily specials, they are always the best! Their lemonade is to die for. Very fresh and inventive! Super friendly staff, always go the extra mile and ask if I would like a to-go iced tea for the road...yes please! Healthiest kids meals ever! My kids love eating here, and we've patronized many locations. Only drawback to this location is parking...if you come during the lunch rush, good luck to you! Come early, like 11 am. or late after 1:30 so you can get a spot & a table :)
4	Might be the best option for wholesome health grub in Arcadia. The food is always fresh and priced right. Kids menu has great choices and has all of the food groups. I like the organized chaos of the wait staff.
3	3 1/2 Stars - I like the food here.  Let's just say I won't die if this place ever burns down - cause there's several more locations :)  I finally thought outside the pita wrap box and ordered me a pita pizza - yum!  Aside from the food, the decor is okay; half rustic art gallery, half fast food strip mall feel - wait it is in a strip mall!  Now the service, servers here make me feel like I'm shopping at the Buckle, and can you at least crack smile?  Just tad bit maybe; I might order a falafal without asking for extra hummus .... would that help little buddy?  Not saying it's bad but doesn't make me feel comfortable when you looked piss cause your GF is giving you hell today.  Look her in the eyes and tell her you're wrong - Bam! Done! - enjoy!
5	For as many times as I've eaten at and taken out Pita Jungle, I probably should've had every item on the menu by now.  However, their hummus trio and chicken is so DARN good, I order it nearly every single time!!  You can not go wrong choosing Pita Jungle, whether it be for a casual lunch, take out, or a big dinner with friends.
5	Online ordering + spinach pasta salad with fresh mozzerella = 5 stars
4	Great Mediterranean food.  They do the classics well and come up with great original dishes.  I eat here all the time, sit down and take out.  Service is always good.
3	Decent fresh food. Try's a bit too hard to be different causing some dishes to not be so great or something different than what they are claiming to be, but, overall good and I appreciate the effort to be fresh and healthy.
4	Pita Jungle is one of those trusty lunch spots you can rely on to combat your afternoon hunger pains. The food is good, not blow you away amazing, but I've always left feeling happy with my meal. Plus, I give them major props for a healthy menu and their hummus is yummy.... Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus? Yes please!Generally I order the Wood-fired salmon salad, and for about $11 I think that's a pretty good deal (especially for salmon). The pitas and wraps on their menu are in the $6-9 range, and I enjoy the Veggie Garden Wrap - it even has eggplant in it, a favorite of mine. With ample portions and reasonably priced food, Pita Jungle is a solid member of my lunch restaurant rotation. I just wish it wasn't located in a strip mall. During lunch time the parking lot can be complete madness, and the inside can get crowded as the tables are somewhat close together. This particular location on Indian School (I'm not sure about other spots) also has a reverse happy hour that lasts for just one hour, from 9pm-10pm (close). I thought that was kind of interesting... a one hour happy hour? That's cutting it close... but the deals are really good, $3 for a glass of wine. However the fact that it's so short makes it highly unlikely that I'll head there just for reverse happy hour, but count me in for lunch!
4	PIta Jungle is one of my favorites. I think I may have tried almost ever item. From their pitas to their tasty appetizers to their smoothies - it's amazing. It's the restaurant I take any of my vegan and vegetarian friends too - same with gluten free. I just recently got into their entrees, and I love their wood-fired salmon with potatoes and sauteed spinach. It is so good. I get to-go here all the time, so tasty!HOWEVER, I've usually had poor service at this location. They know their food is so good, it's like they don't have to be pleasant when you eat there. The food usually comes out promptly and it's always tasty - but my gripe has always been with a server who just didn't seem like they cared. BUT totally worth overlooking for this food. Really good for pretty cheap!
4	:::Ring:::Pita Jungle:    Hello?!Me:    Hi, Can i speak to Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus?Pita Jungle:     Hold Please...Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus:     Hi, can i help you?Me:    I need to tell you something... Im in love with you.CJH:     I know... i love you too.Me:     Cool... dont tell the Lavosh Shwarma Wrap.  I think she'd be jealous of our relationship. CJH:     I know, she's delicious, but kinda sensitive about her size... shes HUGE.  Me:     I think it's a sexy huge... i mean, she wears it well. CJH:     Yeah... so... how about you pay attention to me and quit talking about how you like her size.  I thought you loved me.  Me:     Sorry, I'd really like to see you again.  CJH:    How about tomorrow?  Me:     Too soon... ill call you next week. CJH:     PrudeMe:     Spicy bitchCJH:    K, love you.Me:    You too.  :::Click:::The end.
4	Can never go wrong with anything at Pita Jungle. All of the portions are quite large and perfect for sharing or taking home for a snack or dinner later. On my recent visit I had the grilled veggie salad and it was huge! My lunch date had the broiled chicken wrap and it was huge too. On my previous visits I've had the hummus which is always a great choice (the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus is my fav), the portabello burger was ok. A bit hard to eat. Not sure I'd have it again. The Hummus with Chicken was tasty, the Nachos are HUGE and very good. The soups are great too. Like I said, anything you get here is great and very fresh and tasty. The inside isn't very big so tables are very close to each other while you can opt to sit outside. I usually sit outside even in the hot summer months because it is shaded and there are misters so it's actually not bad and you get full services outside. One downside to this location is the parking like others have said. There is never enough parking for all the dining choices that are located in this shopping center. I always either try to go before noon or wait until 12:30 or a little after and I'm usually lucky on finding a spot.
5	Always a healthy, fresh meal. One of my favorites is the hummus and grilled chicken appetizer(which is gynormous) and I have them add in some tabbouleh, then cucumbers on the side. Perfection. All the pitas, and the seasonal specials are always super good. Wine is also inexpensive if the mood strikes. Otherwise, great casual lunch and dinner spot that is extremely reasonable in price for the quality of food you are getting. There is something for everyone here, veggies, kids, etc. If I ever moved from AZ, this is the first place I would come visit upon my return. Parking can get hairy at the Arcadia location, and one time someone actually backed into my car when I was legally parked along a curb but that is hardly Pita Jungle's fault. The douche didn't even leave a note - but I digress and karma is real and nothing would keep me from coming back to Pita!
4	Pita Jungle is a great example of the reason why it's sometimes pretty smart to give a restaurant a second chance. I first tried Pita Jungle years ago and the experience was just OK. The food tasted a little bland and not worth writing home about. But, so many people around me swore by the Jungle and convinced me that I probably didn't order the right thing and I had to give it another shot. I am so happy I did because five years later, Pita Jungle and I are still going strong. Pita Jungle has several locations centrally located throughout the Valley, but I'm sticking with my favorite and original choice in Aracadia. This is a great lunchtime spot for healthy and cheap food served to you in a reasonable amount of time. I can either sit down and be in and out within the hour, or I can call ahead and have my food waiting for me to take on the go. Parking can be a bit of a hassle, so I've learned to visit during off times...meaning just before the lunch crowd or just after it. Their hummus is some of the best out there. The hummus and chicken with pitas and a side of cucumbers. They serve a great fruit salad without skimping on the fruit. And on a really hungry day, the pasta pesto salad hits the spot. I also like the chicken veggie lavosh. It's sometimes best to order a couple different items and share with your friends. So whether it's for lunch on a workday, dinner after work or take-out, Pita Jungle is always on my list of go-to solid eating spots in town.
4	Been here a few times and have tried various items on the menu from their pizzas to the hummus to their sandwiches, soups, and salads.  One definite plus is the consistency in the quality and flavor of their food.  I have yet to try anything I haven't enjoyed here.  As mentioned by other reviewers here, their portions are on the large side and if you have any dietary restrictions, they're very helpful.The staff for the most part is friendly and accommodating.  The atmosphere is usually a little on the busy side, but relaxed.  The art work on the walls rotates and tends to be a topic of conversation between my friend and myself.  One thing for sure is that if the weather is nice, I'd suggest sitting outside simply because the tables feel a little crowded indoors and if you're looking to have a private conversation, this isn't the place for you.
4	Just ate the spicy chicken wrap, which was hot, packed with veggies, and perfectly seasoned. The portion was huge, probably 20 percent bigger than a Chipotle burrito, and two meals for $7.99 is a tremendous value, especially given how comparitively healthy Pita Jungle's entrees are. Also, the take-out order was ready exactly when it was promised.One harsh bit of criticism: Don't be cheap with the pocket bread; one piece rolled up in foil is totally insufficient for a 7-10 oz. tub of hummus. If you're ordering you have to request additional bread or you're going to have some lonely leftover hummus.I haven't eaten in yet, but the atmosphere seems fun and diverse--everyone from shaggy haired hipsters to the Dockers-wearing crowd. And there's a bar, which is always helpful.
4	Just heard about yelp and looked up restaurants while in the Phoenix area. This place was amazing was there last Thursday, you gotta try their hummas combo. been to many middle eastern places, this was a treat. Great discovery!
4	Very good food.  Incredible kid meals...  Finally a place that offers kids a real meal.    Seems to be busier during the week and a little slow on weekends so easier to get a table on Saturdays!
5	I had my first Pita Jungle experience today and I was extremely impressed. I'm a SoCal guy, so I'm not sure how far and wide this chain reaches in the Phoenix area... if the Pita Jungle owner happens to catch this post, PLEASE come to Los Angeles. The food was fantastic. We ordered: Falafel Pita Philly Chicken Pita Broiled Chicken Pita Veggie Garden Wrap The chicken was perfectly seasoned. I personally had the Philly Chicken Pita and it was smothered in delicious melted swiss cheese. Generally, you might think something like that would be loaded with fat and calories, but a quick check of PitaJungle.com shows the Philly pita to only have 730 calories. Pretty much all of their offerings are below 1000 calories and relatively low in fat as well. The open-kitchen concept is interesting too. The bonus: you get to see HOW your food is made. The negative: you get to see WHO makes your food :-P There was a beefy fellow with a neck full of tats and hickeys making the food. Classy! This place is awesome. If you're in the Phoenix area... Get some!
4	This place ROCKS! It's a little loud, but it's worth the visit. Granted, I cannot pronounce half of the things on the menu, but the Jalapeno Cilantro hummus is to-die-for delish. The Greek salad is awesome, as are the gyros. I've never made it past the hummus, gyros and salad, but it is consistently great food and quick service. Always busy, but isn't every good restaurant? Go! It's yummy! This location is my favorite, as I think the one at Desert Ridge has slightly different tasting food (on the negative side of different tasting, that is).
2	I don't know why on earth I let my coworkers talk me in to going to PJ.  After going to a couple locations in the past and having mediocre meals, I said "what the hey" and decided to give it another chance.  It's like I have annual amnesia.With that being said, I came in impartial and gave it a whirl.  First off, it really cheeses me off that the first thing I see on the menu was the statement "art of eating healthy".  While I generally would say that you can eat healthy there, as I looked around the restaurant, few people were eating healthy, and in fact many of the menu options are pretty unhealthy as well.I ordered a yellowfin tuna "burger" on whole-wheat with a side of potatoes.  It came out looking like a sad piece of tuna on a bun.  The tuna was seasoned with salt and pepper, and it was somewhat room temp. and dry.  It was cooked properly inside (seared rare), but the quality of the tuna was poor or it wasn't prepared properly - it had a tough skin that was somewhat stringy.  Almost akin to silverskin on beef.  I ate it anyways because I was hungry.  It was served with an orange colored sauce of some sort - I thought it was yogurt but couldn't tell.  It was absolutely flavorless.On a positive note, the potatoes were good.The service was lousy.Look, I get the food here is probably healthier than many other mediterranean options in Phoenix.  But seriously, why does it have to be so bland?  I'm convinced you can make more flavorful food just as healthy.  Not more fat, but how about some seasoning?  Exotic spices?  A well marinated chicken breast perhaps?  A nice harissa?  Ground turkey kebab (kefta)?  Sumac anyone?I guess I'll just have to try PJ next year when I return for another meal.
3	PROS:  5 star salads that are HUGE, menu diversity, speed of service during lunch hour.  I hear alot of great stuff about their wraps, but I'm personally not a wrap kind of guy.Middle of the road:  Entrees are predictable and tend to fulfill expectations, but nothing more.  Hummus offerings are clever and satisfying, but they can be beat in taste and texture even by prepackaged ones from places like AJ's.CONS:   The negatives are mostly non-food related.  Can be bonkers-crowded during weekday lunch hours, cars and parking lot are right in your face whether you are inside or outside, staff is speedy and businesslike but rather aloof, and, unfortunately, layout and overall design of the place is average-to-unappealing, and a bit uncomfortable.I may be too hard on this place, as Mediterranean fare and fusion ranks fairly low on my list, so even when it is done spectacularly well, it still doesn't stir my spirit too much.  That said, I can't say that they really do anything spectacularly well here EXCEPT for those huge, amazing salads.  If you're a salad kind of guy or gal, order with confidence.
1	Well I was thinking to myself last night that I would be giving this location a 3. HOWEVER, that just went down the drain. Last night the hubs and I ate dinner here. I am currently on this strict vegan diet, so I asked the waiter if the black bean burger was vegan. He said he wasn't sure but that he would check. A minute later he comes back and says yes it is. SCORE! I eat half of it and boxed up the rest for lunch, which I will no longer be able to eat BECAUSE THE DAMN BURGER IS NOT VEGAN! I went on PJ's website this morning to find out calories and what not, because I track that stuff, they had a whole section listing what is vegan and what is not,and sure as shit, the black bean burger was listed on their site as NOT being vegan...why the staff doesn't have access to this info I do not know. So anyway.....Our actual experience was ok. This time around all the employees were actually dressed and no goods were hanging out. Our waiter sucked. He never checked on us once the food came, never came to give us refills, our plates were cleared away by someone else, a box was brought to me by someone else, we had our credit card sitting on the table for a good ten minutes waiting for the bill. They did get a wee bit busy, but they seriously had about 6 people working that night for that very small location. I'm not sure what is up with this location. It has always been like pulling teeth to get decent service there. The food is always good but the service is lacking.
4	I'll keep it short and sweetPita jungle has achieved the rarely seen combination of low prices and quality ingredients.the hummus is some of the best (try the red pepper hummus)dolmades are also some of the better I've found in the valley.Finally, I had great experience with the service.  The staff made an effort to chat us up and make us feel welcome even when we were just getting takeout and they knew there would be no tip.I highly recommend it especially if you enjoy fresh or medeteranian food.
4	This Pita Jungle does an excellent job with takeout. I can call ahead, order my food and within ten minutes, the food will be waiting for me in the front. I also enjoy the reading material waiting for me should I decide to walk in and order it instead. So I am adding this to my list of favorites for take out that gets me in and out!
2	I always try to support my local-ish business chains, but I'd rather eat somewhere else.  I've tried Pita Jungle twice, and I was dissapointed both times.The menu is huge, and all of the options sound especially appealing.  However, most of the options are dissapointing.  I've had better healthy food, and better Medeteranian food.  The service was decent, and I'd usually give three stars for that alone, but the food was so dissapointing and bland I just can't do it. I might have even pumped up my rating if the prices were lower, but for $9 I'd expect my pita sandwich to be accompanied by a side and some tzatzik.  Overall, Pita Jungle is overpriced, and overrated.  What I've tried is listed below.Chicken Tikka Masala:  such a forgiving dish should be spicy and full of pep, not bland and sad.Hummus:  try the cilantro hummus.  It was the best of all.  Otherwise, nothing special, but they are all passable.Dolmades:  Lots of leaf, no filling.  Dissapointing.Falafel:  Nothing special, but passable.Pitas and Lavosh:  for this price, I'd expect them to be made fresh on site, but they aren't even warmed.Roasted Carmelized Cauliflour:  my friend urged me to try this.  It came out partially burned, not carmelized.  Very dissapointing, and I couldn't choke it all down.Green beans (on the mediterranian platter):  you'll like these if you like garlic, but be forewarmned that they come out cold.Shwarma Lavosh:  this is not shwarma!  Huge dissapointment.  It tasted like the aforementioned chicken tikka masala in a toasted wrap.  Major dissapointment.Tabbouleh:  was there even bulgur in this salad?  Inedible.Roasted Potatoes:  hard to mess up potatoes, and these didn't dissapoint.Tzatzik:  fresh and tasty, but it doesn't come standard with sandwiches as it should.  it's a condiment, people!Baba Ganoush:  standard, but nothing exceptional.Salad:  the small side salad was little more than a garnish, but what there was of it was fresh and crisp.
5	"This restaurant is always busy!" (Lunch, Dinner, Winter, Summer)The quality of food in this restaurant is Primo!I feel by stating the fact above I've given you an idea how good the food is...  I've tried the appetizers, the salads, the Falafels, the Gyros, & the "hummus!" "Oh the Hummus!" My favorite is the "Hummus with the seared Ahi!"I've never had a bad meal here! The service has always been great. They get your food to you fast...Also the waiting staff is very bohemian, which makes dinning here even more interesting! This is not a stuffy upscale restaurant, but the food is as good if not better than most of the overpriced joints around town!My only complaint is that it is always busy, & therefore loud!
5	I love you Pita Jungle. Not only do you have a separate menu for us vegans, but now you have a Tapas Happy Hour and a kids menu?! Hold the phone!The Tapas Happy Hour is daily from 3pm-5:30pm and the plates are all $1-$3. My favorites include the hummus trio sampler and the falafel (comes with 2). Delicious!
4	Finished a great hike today and didn't want to blow it on greasy food afterwards. Pita Jungle came to mind!! This place has such a great menu and even though I'm always tempted to get my favorites I tried something new today.  Everything is always fresh and I haven't been disappointed.Today I tried the macro platter which was brown rice, tofu, steamed veggies, beans and pita for $10. I know it sounds kind of hippy-crunchy, maybe it is, but it was delicious. I love real food. Their hummus is also a favorite of mine and they make a few different flavors. Deeeelicious!!
4	I've dined at Pita Jungle several times, and it seems as if they can do no wrong.  It had been quite a while since my last visit, and I've become far more diet conscious, which made my most recent visit an absolute delight.  Back in my carb whore days, I used to always order Pasta, which were always impressive, but on my recent visit, I went for the Mahi Mahi with Pita Chips.  INCREDIBLE.  I am fairly sure this was one of the best prepared examples of fish to ever cross my lips.  Flavor and texture were exquisite.  It was served over a ridiculously flavorful cilantro-jalepeno hummos, along with some pea sprouts, and pita chips on the side.  The presentation was also quite nice for such a moderately priced, casual restaurant, too. I guess my only slight annoyance was that the fish is served on TOP of the hummus.. since it's such a tender, flaky fillet, it did have the tendency to get lost in the hummus. A very minor, detail. The whole thing was absolutely delicious, the iced tea was delicious, server was *fantastic*, and I had an extremely enjoyable meal with my dining partner.
5	I love PJ. The Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus is to die for. The Lentil Salad is wonderful. Actually anything I have ever eaten here is delish.
5	The food here is perfection...its fresh and delicious...the hummus is a great starter and I love the chicken schwarma wrap, beef gyro, pesto chicken pizza and the mediterranean chicken salad!! I go there about once a week and I alternate between those choices...they have great smoothies too...my coworker told me to try a carib peanut butter banana smoothie and I thought it was gonna be awful but it was perfect...its enough for a small lunch...the open setting is great and the staff is nice...it gets crowded but be patient its worth it!
5	First time to Pita Jungle... we loved it! it was late, and it was packed! But where there is great food, you should always find a crowd. The portions were enormous, even the appetizers which makes it great to share with a small group...the atmosphere was a lot cooler than i expected being from out of town. The artwork on the walls really caught my eye and gave me a lot to look at-which made the time fly while waiting on our order, which was perfect timing.. didn't take long at all. The pricing was great, and the selections on the menu made it so hard to decide what to get, but everyone one was extremely satisfied with their meals. Wait staff was quick and friendly. Wish we had one of these at home - definitely leaves you full, and not guilty since you are eating pretty healthy here.
5	oh pita jungle. how do i love thee? let me count the ways...PJ is one of the only places I can bring my parents (Hearty Midwestern Carnivores) and still eat healthy/veg. They love the art. The food is incredible.   Whether you get a salad, combo plate or Philly Chix Pita... it all rocks. (Except the chix tikka masala special - no good)Plus, being in the PJ atmosphere just makes you feeeeeel cool. I witnessed a funny/classic PJ situation when a mom ordered her son decaf coffee (why? i dont know...) and they only had regular. the server poured a cup of regular, handed it to the kid and said to the mom - "Welcome to The Jungle."You have to have a sense of humor and a laid back personality to really appreciate the greatness of such a quirky, honest little joint.  Enjoy yourself!
4	I went there today for the first time - hummus was amazing! The bartender could have smiled a little more....
4	I feel a bit silly even writing a review of Pita Jungle...I mean everyone likes this place, right?Well I have never been disappointed by the food and I've tried just about everything on their menu (but always end up back at the Chicken and Hummus appetizer).The only complaint I have with this location is how close all of the tables are to one another.  It's kind of tough to have a super private conversation in here during a busy time...but that doesn't stop me normally.Pita Jungle has definitely become one of my go-to restaurants when I can't figure out what I want to eat because I know they are reliably good.
5	Taboule is great here..i have been looking for taboule in the valley for a long time..its perfect here..fast service, great for a quick healthy lunch..
4	Good food and good service. A bit crowded inside, but somehow not too noisy.The portions are enormous ... which I think is actually a downfall of this restaurant. With a mountain of food, you're going to get either bored or sick trying to finish it all (or even half for that matter).The fatoosh salas was flavorless. Not bad, but really needed a sauce on the side or spices on top. Maybe even a little cheese. It was huge, this salad could feed a small family. There is no one on this earth that ever wants to eat that many lentils .... they really should cut salads in half or inform customers dishes are served family style. Hot pitas are good, cold are even better.
5	First off, Louis greeted me with a smile, then Dan took my order and since I am a regular he didn't assume that I wanted my usual he took the time to take me through new items on the menu.  Then my food came out flawless.  I went with the lavosh wrap.  I have been on a macro platter kick but I was impressed with my lavosh chicken wrap. James and Tyler were there usual friendly selves.  I like how the servers are not afraid to interact with the customers.  It makes me want to frequent this restaurant.  I can't stand the chains that have no personality.  Pita Jungle is growing and turning into a corporate chain but some how they still manage to keep it feeling like the original in Tempe. Please dont change the personality. This place is my home away from home.  PS Kelsey always helps me get my GREEN TEA refills!!!
4	Pita Jungle was one the first places I ate when I moved here 14 years ago. It was right by ASU and delivered on those days I was too hungover to get out of bed which was a PLUS. Since then I have really enjoyed their grilled chix pitas, smoothies, and tsatziki. I was grateful they opened up an Arcadia location a few years ago..Whenver I want a consistemtly good chicken pita this is my goto spot. But as of late I have been attending their reverse happy hour which starts at 9 and goes till close which is around 10. They have a list of 10-15 tapas for $1-3 per item. I get the shrimp which comes with 2 ($3), plate of thyme and herb pita- 1 buck, trio of hummus 2 bux..u get the point. Its the healthy dollar menu!! check it out if u want a late night snack.
3	My friends love this place more than any other in Phoenix.  This time we went and ate a sampler platter, falafel, and iced tea (they have several flavors-excellent!).  We didn't order an actual entree, but the platter was filling and tasty.  Pita Jungle still isn't my favorite place in town, but if I stick to the basics they'll be satisfying.
5	Healthy eating made easy!  Quick, healthy, delicious.
5	Always great food and I really like the atmosphere.  Last night I had special appetizer Seared Ahi Tuna with Hummus.  The tuna was really tasty, with a slight hint of spice in the marinade. And I also had a bowl of their very consistent and delicious gazpacho soup.  I think it's only there in the summer, but I can't remember.  It is so yummy.  And a side of cucumbers which was worth the 99 cents for the amount they give.  Waitress lady was great, she and the waiter guy kept my iced tea full throughout, and I was really thirsty, so it was nice not having to ask for a refill.  Pita Jungle is always good, and it seems really healthy. :o)
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in Arcadia - I find myself there at least once a week.  In short, the food is fresh, healthy and affordable.  The staff is friendly and knowledgable.  Their happy hour may be one of the best-kept secrets in town - specials on beer/wine and a large selection of delicious tapas - all from $1 to $3.If I had to find a flaw I'd say the cavernous ceilings can make it a bit loud during peak times.  If you go with a date that's a soft talker, prepare to do some lip reading.
5	Perfect for a quick bite.  Super tasty, LOTS of food!  I'll be back!!
2	Every plate is designed to feed one Ork or three humans. Remember this as you enjoy your Americanized joke of a Middle Eastern dish.
5	Server (think his name was Louis) was super friendly and attentive. Cilantro jalepeno hummus was superb, something I will definitely crave. The food came out extremely fast. Look forward to my next visit.
5	Still a fan!This time around I tried the Chicken Hummus Platter. DE-lish! I phoned in the order with no problems. The chicken had a nice seasoning to it and their  hummus is simply wonderful! I don't know why I didn't try this place out sooner. The word is that this place "tastes healthy" but I think it is perfect! For being a "healthy" eatery it sure does have MAS flavor!!!
4	I've been to Pita Jungle a handful of times, but this time I have found THE DISH!  I had the mahi mahi with pico on top of jalapeno cilantro hummus and seasoned pita chips. Mmmmm Mmmm!!!  It was delicious, filling, and a really beautiful dish.  On top of that, it was not bad in calories. Yes, I know, calorie talk...YUK, but really not terrible for the amount of food you get and the taste!  A must try!
4	Always a great change from the typical sandwich. Thing is, there are so many other things that I could eat here. Went with my girlfriend who had the Mahi Mahi. Looked like a meal you would get at a high end restaurant. My fav: the Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus. So good! I could eat tubs of this stuff. Oh wait, I did!Always leave this place stuffed, but never have that "I can't believe I just ate that" feeling. Okay, I will confess I had a Bosa Donut on the way home. Hey, It's 113 out what else do you do in Phoenix.
5	I love to swing through Pita Jungle whenever possible!Every time I come, I cannot resist ordering something with pita and hummus, and it is always roaring good! The salads, smoothies, and pitas that I've shared are all delish.  Also, there are so many non-meat and non-gluten choices. The servers are hip without being pretentious, no snakes in the grass here. The decor is king!  Come on, what a cool giant mirror!Just writing this review makes want to get lost in the jungle again!
4	I love Pita Jungle just as much as the next person, but I have experienced seriously inconsistencies between all 4 locations I've frequented. Sometimes the food (esp the hummus) is SO incredibly salty that I can't even taste the hummus for what it is..... It is awfully Americanized, but there are so many other wonderful things on the menu to choose from.The Fetoosh Salad is really quite good but it will feed you for 3 days (no kidding). My absolute favorite is the Mediterranean Salad with tabouli, raisins, pine nuts, and sauteed tofu. The Vegetarian sample platter is also a great way to get many good things.The service is really, really, really weird. If you order an appetizer, 9 times out of 10 it will come WITH the entrees. Not in any good enough amount of time to work on it before much else. Some of the servers come back to the table a million times to ask how you are doing when you would like to be left alone to stuff your piehole. On that note, there are SO many airheaded, clueless hipsters working at these places that the service really, really, really suffers. Otherwise, enjoy your Americanized Middle eastern food. It's damn tasty.
5	One of the best spots to eat hands down.  I swear there is nothing bad on this menu.  Good for groups without the guilt on your waistline or your wallet.No matter what I order, I have to set a side of the garlic potatoes...YUM!!
4	Good food + hip waiters/waitresses = Good times
5	I love this place! I decided to write this review after my last visit there because I have never had such great service in my life! My friend and I go here all the time but this was the best experience ever. Ever notice how your whole experience at a place can change just with some great service? Our waiter came to check on us multiple times while we took forever to order because we are the most indecisive people ever. He answered all of my questions and helped me to narrow down what I wanted. He brought the food fast, gave us refills before we were even half way done with our drinks and offered to bring us to go drinks. He was very courteous and attentive. The hummus is awesome and the black bean burger special is to die for!
5	Amazing Food and the Arnold Palmers are out of this world!  Fresh Lemonade can not be beat!
2	We have visited other locations and always enjoyed it. Today was a bit of a let down. The high point of the meal was the garlic dip appetizer, the dip was fabulous but it would have been nice to have more than one piece of pita bread to scoop the dip with. My husband had the seared tuna salad, it looked pretty but in the end the flavors were just odd. I had the black bean burger, the actual burger was good but overshadowed by the soggy bread, non dressed salad, mushy flavorless "garlic" potatoes and lack of condiments offered to top the burger. I guess the most disappointing though was the staff, they would make a wet rag seem a sparkling wit. It's really too bad.
4	great hummus jalepeno cilantro!! amazing!!!great sandwiches!!! flavors are so fresh are great!!!downside is very small dining room you are pretty much eating dinner with everyone else.  this means that your conversation is my conversation!!
5	OMG! Get the kafta pizza. I was like WTF, never heard of that one before, but wow...what a slick invention. SO freaking good. Super fast service, we were in a rush to get to the airport, we were in and out in 30min, our server was a hottie, friendly and efficient too. Their pita bread is amazing, we had the babaghanoush and it was DEE-LISH. I'm an Arab too, so I've got high standards when it comes to our food. This place ROCKS!
3	I'm sort of split on this, because I freaking LOVE Pita Jungle.. When its good.Everytime I go, I pretty much get the same thing at this point. A broiled chicken pita, no pickles, add feta. And sometimes, I'm dying because its SO GOOD. Other times, it is OBVIOUSLY rushed, the pita is stale, the chicken is cold, and I KNOW I said ADD FETA!My friends and I joke that we should find out who the chef is when its great, and only sit down and eat if he/she is working. But maybe it shouldn't be a joke. Also, there's nothing really vegan here. The falafel pita is pretty much it, besides hummus. Go to Green for good vegan food. But all the meat here is awesome, juicy and delicious. Obviously they're doing something right, because I keep going back.Dear genie, I wish for consistency!!
5	Pita Jungle, I love you. I never need to eat anywhere else.
4	Chicken combo platter is where it's at.  Light healthy food.  It's high in my rotation
3	Service is just ok... nothing special... best hummus and arnold palmers around!
4	Food is great, love it love it love it.  The Philla Steak Pita, the hummus, the mediterranean chicken salad, gotta love it.  Wait staff on the male side is total eye candy, however, can't say I'm impressed by being called dude.  My waiter need some listening skills as he forgot my soda until I reminded him for the 2nd time.  Maybe cuz it was cuz he was giving elevator eyes to customers and staff.  Would give this place more but think the male wait staff needs to come down to earth a bit so we can at least have a decent conversation....dude.
4	Great food!  They're local, everything is very fresh and they're vegetarian  friendly.
4	Pita Jungle is among the tastiest of the tasty! My personal favs are all manner of Lavosh pizzas, and the chicken combo platter. Be sure to try the cilantro-jalapeno hummus as well. PJ is just enough granola that you feel alternative, but everyone still smells good. It can get crowded on typical dining out evenings/times, and the tables are pretty close together, so not the place to have an intimate conversation, but great for casual dinner/drinks.
4	Pita Jungle is great!I love their salads - the Mediterranean Chicken Salad is my absolute fave. Their Broiled Chicken Salad is also good if if you're looking for something a little more simple. I frequently order these but have also had their Lavosh Pizza, which is tasty too.As far as starters go, you can't go to Pita Jungle and not get their hummus and pita. The best hummus flavors are the regular and the cilantro ones. I've also had their Spanakopita (fillo dough with spinach and feta) which is great - but can't be good for you!I enjoy both dining in or takeout for either lunch or dinner. Keep in mind, eating inside here, it gets pretty loud. If the weather is nice, I would suggest eating on the patio.
2	The food at Pita Jungle is really good but the service at the 2 locations I have been at is always the same, horrible!  I came into this location to have dinner with 3 other people and walked in and asked for a table and the hostess sat 4 people who came in after me before me.  When she walked back she said, "Oh, I forgot that you needed a table for 4 as well.  Something will clear up soon."  Then our waitress was a little less than thrilled to be helping us.  The food took forever to get to our table and we were never asked if we wanted more drinks, we had to ask another waiter for help.I am all for supporting local establishments but Pita Jungle is hard to support when they seem so uninterested in their customers.
4	Great food, service was a little scattered though. I had the black bean veggie burger and the caramelized cauliflower, very yummy. But they messed up one of our dishes and seemed to have forgotten another so the food came out in waves. It all turned out alright in the end though and I won't hesitate to return.
4	When I lived closeby- this is where I went when I was feeling homesick for Portland food. My personal favorites- Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus= Perfect.Lavosh Pizza= 2nd best thing anyone has ever done with Lavosh (RIP Pischke's).Caramelized Cauliflower with Tahini= DuhLentil Fetoosh Salad= That LEMONY DRESSING!Chicken Combination Platter= Perfect high protein lunch
5	I love eating there.  The food is always so good and healthy.  The Mediteranian chicken salad is my favorite, but I have enjoyed every meal.  The seating is too crowded and they are always busy, but it is worth being a bit cramped.
3	I wish I could love this place... It's just tough. I've eaten here several times and just haven't really LOVED anything. My sandwiches have always been dry and kind of bland tasting. Salads have been ok, but I usually feel like I can make them better. Hummus - dry. Dolmades - tasted like the ones from the jar. Ahh, so sad, because it's food that I do normally love. Here is why I gave this a three- happy hour prices are good ($2 or $3 for small plates). With prices like that, I can forgive some of the food quality a bit.
5	I LOVE PITA JUNGLE! I don't care if it is a chain...!! I almost always get the chicken schwarma pita or the salad version! Definitely love the hummus! All of their flavors are delicious! It's also reasonably priced for the amount of food you get! Definitely a favorite lunch and dinner spot!
4	Always great, always consistent.  Servers need to smile more, too many long faces.
5	This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived in Phoenix, and one that I make sure to visit whenever I return. A local Phoenix chain, Pita Jungle has started to branch out to southern California, and I just wish they would make their way east to Chicago. The Indian School location is my favorite, but at each location in the Valley you can find quality food and attentive, friendly wait service. Their falafel and classic hummus are both very good, but my favorites are located in the "Healthy Burgers" section of the menu. Their veggie burger is excellent, but their chipotle black bean burger is sheer joy, striking a nice balance between spicy and sweet with the inclusion of dried cranberries. If interested in something lighter, try their Caribbean salad, which is a salad of fresh fruit topped with coconut and strawberry dressing. It makes for an enjoyable dish during those hot Phoenix summers. Other favorites of mine include their nachos, mixed beans, lentils and rice, and their garlic new potatoes. The decor of their Valley locations is a good balance of fashionable and relaxed. Pita Jungle is definitely a great place for lunch or a casual dinner with friends, or just to eat out on your own and enjoy excellent food made with fresh ingredients. I love Pita Jungle!
5	My husband and I were looking to bring a friend here yesterday from out of town. I've always been happy with everything I've ordered from Pita Jungle so I knew our friend would enjoy it. We started off with the cilantro-jalapeno hummus which was amazing, and they brought us extra pitas as well since there were three of us.I went for the falafel pita, which had a wonderful crunch and was conveniently wrapped in tinfoil so as not to fall apart while eating. I would have loved a bit more tahini sauce as it was a little dry. My husband ordered the fatoosh salad which was enough for two huge servings and had wonderful crunchy pita chips alongside. Our friend ordered the chicken tiki masala and he finished his whole plate in no time. Our server kept our waters filled, the vibe is always cool, no nonsense, healthy, good food. I also like how you can just go casual-sometimes it's nice to just stop your weekend yardwork or housekeeping and grab a good, healthy meal without having to get all dressed up. Most casual, convenient/fast food is not stuff I want to eat!
4	A great place for a vegetarian/vegan or anyone open-minded about trying new foods. There are some options for meat eaters. The service has always been fast.
5	Pita Jungle has a great atmosphere, good service, excellent food. I recommend the hummas and the chicken schwarma is my favorite thing to order. It is very reasonably priced and an excellent place to eat.
4	Coming to the Pita Jungle was like going to an upscale hipster restaurant. Everyone who works there is a hipster, but it's got this nice clean vibe with comfy chairs and large windows to balance out the coolness of this place. The tall ceilings make it seem larger than it really is and it's one of those joints that it wasn't what you expected when you walked in. I was expecting a sit-down place with such a cool reserved atmosphere. But it is and I totally dig it.Having never been here before, the menu was overwhelming! I love Med./Middle Eastern type food a lot and this place had everything from falafel to spanakopita to gyros to baba ganoush and baklava. It was like a dream come true. Our server was of great help to me as I couldn't even decided between three or four dishes! She gave me a few suggestions and I ended up with the falafel pita. My friend got the veggie burger.The portions are absolutely huge so even though you might be paying a slightly higher price, I took part of mine home to warm up later. The falafel was aboslutely delicious with such great texture balancing the crispiness of the falafel with the softness of the pita bread with a great crunch from the veggies all with an amazing sauce (not sure?!). I was in heaven for a while, which is totally fine for me. My friend really enjoyed her veggie burger and I sampled the potatoes. They were good but I really like Greek potatoes and would have like to seen something a bit more like that. All in all, I thought it was a great experience and it seems like the locals like this place. If I ever come back to Phoenix, I would definitely come back here!
5	I cannot imagine my life without Pita Jungle.   We generally order take-out.   So easy and so friendly and efficient.  (parking always is a pain at the 44th plaza, especially on weekday lunch hour.  I love the pita pizza, the shwarma, salads, and chicken pasta.  HUmmus is really addicting.  I also love that no matter how many ways you custom order your choice, Pita Jungle accomodates without any attitude.  How rare and great is that?Always clean, consistent and never a bad experience.
5	If you're in Tempe or Phoenix I HIGHLY recommend Pita Jungle - one of my favorite restaurants of all time - heathy, tasty & amazing!  The food & ambience turned a pouting 12yr old into a happy kid again: and I think that's about the most amazing thing you can say about food. We split the Mediterranean Sampler Platter, Chicken over Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus (YUM! It's in the pics - looks like chicken over guacamole), 4 drinks and fed this family of 4 for $33!  Can't beat that at a great restaurant!!!Love, love, love this place - been coming since there was just the Tempe location on Apache back in the mid-90's.
4	Out on a date and he says "Pita Jungle" after the show.  I say OK!  I am in love with the red bell pepper hummus and rice pudding ~We get there around 12:30 pm on a Sunday (today) afternoon.  Not a wait (great!) we sit by the wall so we can hear each other!  The place is always noisy as it is a cafeteria type setup.  Our waitress was on top of things, wine, ordering, etc.  He orders the Faluja somethings which are like vegan meatballs in a salad.  We share the Moroccan Gazpacho Soup (YUM YUM YUM) and I lay into the hummus.  Needless to say with all that food we were stuffed!  With 2 glasses of wine I was ready to take a walk (in Phoenix I think it was like 120,000 degrees outside) so we walked around the misters ~ Clean place, staff ready to serve, food a plenty, and he treated :-)  The bill was only $39.00 with all that scrumptious food!~ Luana Joya Lucia
5	Huge fan! So happy there are several locations and the flavor and quality is consistent with each of them! The Mediterranean chicken salad is phenomenal....as in, bring a friend to share this abundance of flavor.I've also tried the hummus with grilled chicken appetizer (served with cucumber slices if you want to keep it lighter than pita), the chicken curry, and the blue corn nachos which were different because of the tzatziki sauce and cilantro hummus I added to the plate :)All in all, a fun place for lunch or a casual dinner. They have happy hour 7 days a week and I think they all have actual bars to sit at, although the one at this address is a limited space small bar. The bar and long high table at the Tatum location is probably a better bet for happy hour.
1	Delicious food, hideous service. We were a party of 8 and waited patiently for 45 minutes for a table. In our party was a 9 month old baby, 2 four year olds and my 75 year old mother. After our extensive wait, a party of 7 walked in and began eyeing a table that was clearly about to finish up. As the table got up, one of the individual's from the other group went up to the hostess, told her that they would take that table and our group could have another table (that was still seated and eating dessert). What?? We immediately protested but the hostess had already acquiesced. We sat around for another ten minutes, kind of shell shocked and trying to decide what to do (hungry little ones and A Lot of time invested). The manager offered nothing other than lukewarm apologies. I finally was so disgusted that I left. No excuse for seating the other table in front of us. Too bad the service is so poor because I do like, or should I say, liked, the food.
5	These folks are a staple in the Phoenix area and don't really need my review. Good healthy eats in a happy hipster vibe. Super reasonably priced with an eclectic Mediterranean based menu. They've got the to-go process down to a science. *they have to-go Sriracha on the ready!!!If you've been to any house party, BBQ, or bat mitzvah in the past decade you're probably as tired of hummus as I am. Skip it. Try the baba ganoush or the garlic dip. Super veg friendly. Love you.
5	The food, service and ambiance here is always solid.  Today I had the special Rib Eye Pacos special - phenomenal.  We will always make our lunch dates here.
1	Food good, service horrendous.  Sitting at the bar, by myself with servers and a bartender more interested in gossiping than any awareness of service.  I had to ask for, "can I order", "refill", "pay", etc., virtually ignored.  Won't be back.
5	Still flying solo.  My friends took me for dinner here and it was excellent.  Humus appetizer was great.  For main course did broiled chicken pita wrap and it was perfect.  Recommend!
4	I was in town on a small commercial shoot and got lunch catered by these guys for 15 people cast/crew. Food was great, presentation was amazing, service was great when I came in to pickup.When I came to pickup the place was packed, and people at the counter were great at trying to get me in and out as they were dealing with lunch rush. Everything was displayed great, in very nice containers. The quality of food was great, falafel, hummus, salad, all were fresh & the cast loved it. I only placed the order a few hours before picking up.Only hassle, was i tried to order online and it was a pain to do catering order + they wanted you to sign up or something which is annoying. Just call the guy and place your order.Great for groups/catering, would definitely do it again.
4	Thy do what they do well.
3	The service is very good.  The prices are ok.  The meat could be marinated or flavored a bit more and they don't seem to spread the meat and vegetables evenly in the pita sandwiches.  Otherwise, not a bad place to eat.
1	Very cool decor although it was really dark inside. I had the fire roasted chicken... Chicken on top of mashed potatoes that taste instant and diced tomatoes.. all together I think the potatoes and tomatoes were weird together and just didn't taste that great. Disappointed, maybe I should have tried something else. Not a fan of pita bread that is why i tried the chicken. Staff could have been a little more accommodating too...
5	Great quality food reasonable prices.Low ambiencewaiters dress very casual ???Very crowded around lunch and dinnerIt is a definate must
3	Always a decent pick if you want Americanized Mediterranean food.
5	For years I harbored under the mis-apprehension that this was a fast food Pita place.  Must've been confused w/Pita Pit because when I finally tried the one in Flagstaff, discovered they had an immensely attractive, healthy and varied menu and a FULL BAR!  What more could you ask for?  When I returned to bake in the VOS, I tried this location and have the same opinion.
4	I've been frequenting Pita Jungle for years now, and am very grateful that there is one in my neighborhood. Since I've tried almost everything on the menu, there are definitely a few dishes that stand out more than others. This is one of those places where you have to know what to order. Here are my go-to's:- Jalapeno cilantro hummus: Some of the best hummus I've ever had, you cannot go to Pita J and not order the hummus!- Chicken Tikka Masala: a generous portion of chicken over brown rice, full of coconut milk flavor with an extra bite from the pea shoots- Chicken Pasta Salad: perfectly marinated chicken breast over a huge portion of pasta with a lemon vinaigrette - Mediterranean chicken salad - sweet and savory, with feta cheese, pine nuts, raisins and all sorts of other fresh ingredients.I rarely order chicken in restaurants because it's typically not cooked very well, but whatever they do to theirs is amazing! If you order any chicken dish, you really can't go wrong. Also, they have the best Arnold Palmers, made with fresh lemonade and passion fruit iced tea. I crave Arnie's from here on a regular basis. Service at this location is typically good as well,
4	Back when I did a stint as a pescetarian  (I did four months) I went to this place, it was good meaning the food. What I didn't like was how crowded this place was and how children were just screaming from left to right. (side note: I'm a tolerant person around kids even though I have none) but this was over the top. Basically the tables were so close you actually were sitting with other people eating with them, and that made me awkward. None the less I never went back.. but I still gave it a four star because overall the food was really good and they had a ton of good choices to choose from. :)
1	I am definitely a fan of Pita Jungle,only...NOT THIS LOCATION!!!                                        In the past 4 years I've lived in Phoenix I've eaten at 3 locations.                                        I would not recommend this location for the following reason:                                                 Today I was quoted 10:40am that my food would be ready. I went to pick up exactly at 10:40am. I was then told it would be a couple minutes. A couple of minutes means 2-3 mins, correct?  I waited 13 minutes additionally on a 30 minute lunch hour.  It appeared that they were preparing for a catered order. Typically if a company caters you have to call in your order a few days in advanced. SO what I don't understand is knowing that you are preparing for a catered lunch today that you should quote a later time for pick up?!?! That wouldn't have been a problem for me...There apparently was no manager to help incentivize me on my wait time, being that my lunch is only 30 minutes long. On top of that I get back to the office to quickly eat some of my Chicken Pasta Salad and after my third bite, there is a little short black hair in the pasta! I thought my boiling point was waiting for 13 minutes, cutting into my lunch time. THIS TOOK IT TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL. BEYOND FURIOUS. Now I'm not hungry and WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION AGAIN!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       This was my 2nd and FINAL dining experience at THIS ARCADIA LOCATION.  This location has consistently failed.
2	The service at this Pita Jungle sucks! Sucks. sucks. sucks. *Sorry for such a LONG review, but really, it's because I want to help you out here. And, It's too bad because the food is absolutely delicious and I love the fun and healthy concept.  Two stars here..one for the food and one just because the whole concept of Pita Jungle totally completes me. I keep coming back for the zesty hummus and that oh-so-creamy garlic dip. Heaven! Warm pita bread never tasted so good except when it's from Pita Jungle. And at happy hour, who can beat less than ten bucks for your entire food and drink bill? So what's the problem? I don't know. Ask the servers ...that is..if you can ever find one. I'm a pretty chill customer; if I don't get good service I give the benefit of the doubt and just figure my server likely had a bad day. I'll always give you another chance. But let me tell you what happened on 3 different occasions. I came on separate days; separate times of day; and had different servers each time:First offense: Came in with a group of friends for reverse happy hour on a Friday night. Got seated right away. Took 10 minutes just for a server to come by and get our drinks ordered. No problem, we are a happy crowd just laughing and having a good time. Another ten minutes goes by. Hmmm..getting a bit hangry here.  Finally had to hunt down a server just to place our food order. Ugh. We finally get our food...the hangriness is satisfied. So tasty! But now we need refills. After another 10 minutes of hoping a server would check on us; ask us for a refill, clear up the plates - heck anything? Gosh, we start to feel like we are imposing or something. I tell you what, the place was packed and there were only 2 servers. For a Friday night with packed indoor seating plus an outdoor patio I can tell you that this just doesn't add up. Well, at this point we forget about ordering additional dip or drinks; just give us some more pita bread to finish up what we started here and let's get outta here. Waitress tells me Sorry, but we are closing and the kitchen is shut down. Um? Its only like 5 minutes past. And you know what, if you hadn't made us wait 20 minutes just to place our order we could have eaten and had our fill of it like centuries ago. Matter of fact, we could have left the building and gotten out of your busy way exactly 20 minutes ago. I was embarrassed that my dinner party left the place - still hungry and now late for our next adventure. Thanks a lot.Second offense: Just me this time and I popped in for a second chance. Got seated right away. (hey, they got that part down right!) But then the same drama with trying to place my order happened all over again.  (Won't repeat it - just see above. exact same offense) Who is my server? Is anyone coming over? Here is a tip, Pita Jungle. I'm a cool chic, I love the bohemian vibe, and yes, it's totally cool that servers dress in what I shall call 'street wear' ...but if they insist on taking their sweet old time, I wonder if you can just give out a name tag or have them introduce themselves so I know who to hunt down? All I can see are a bunch of folks standing around, chit-chatting with each other. Oh wait, those are my servers hanging out by the bar area. I am all about whistle while you work, but can you just see about taking my order sometime? Well, I'm so happy the bussers here have it together. They were more helpful to bring a water and/or clear my plate than the servers. I guess they weren't elite enough to stand around and chit chat with the rest of the waitstaff. Third offense: I notice that if you get a seat at the bar, you are literally sitting right across from someone and they can't MISS you at all. I figure this has to be the way to do it. Placing an order, getting a refill, hunting down the bill should never be a problem again. Right? hahaha..nice try! Came in again and plopped right at the bar. Got my food ordered. Check. Alright..I'm off to a good start. Minutes later my food arrives. hey, hey!! We almost nailed it. SIGH. But then..I was forgotten again. I find that after 15 minutes sometimes folks need a refill or a check-in on your meal. (Me, I just wanted a water actually. Well..at first. Then I lost track of all the things I needed because time turned into a quantum leap). I see in front of me 3-4 servers hanging out and laughing amongst themselves. It goes on for...well...ever. I look around the restaurant and the folks at the tables (inside and outside) seem to shift in their seats a bit. Finally I pipe into their private conversation and ask just for a quick water. They all glare at me as if I am completely interrupting them. How could I be so rude? Alrighty then. I'll just pay my bill and leave. Finally just chased down a busser (figured that part out!) and they took care of it. No more stars for you. Look at this trend in similar Yelp reviews.  Should I give you yet another chance, Pita Jungle? C'mon, get your waitstaff in order.
2	To start off I am a loyal Pita Jungle customer!However, I was very disappointed in my visit this weekend (Saturday Night) to the Pita Jungle in the Arcadia area. I waited forever for a table, which I do not mind waiting but this was a little long for my taste. Also the restaurant looked chaotic, employees running around with no direction and very unorganized. Once I ordered, I once again waiting abnormally long for my food. On a positive note the food was very tasty. I usually enjoy my meals here but this time not so much. Hopefully they get it together because I would like to come back, well maybe to a different location.
4	I love the food. I was in one evening and it was hectic and busy. My table was overlooked and when the waiter realized what happened, he couldn't have been more attentive and nice. Everyone makes mistakes--especially when it is crazy busy. For me, it's how they make up for it and that they at least make the effort. I appreciate that.
4	Can't give it 5 stars because I've had a couple poor service experiences here (of 100+ times dining), but PJ is one of my very favorite local restaurants. Can be crowded, at which point the level of service will go down...as with pretty much all awesome, affordable restaurants? Don't know why people would put "crowded" as such a downside. Other people want to eat here too. Call in your order, you goons.Super casual atmosphere compared with a lot of Arcadia-area business lunch type places, but the food is absolutely top notch.The quality of the meals here is almost unparalleled for the price. My favorites are mahi-mahi with pita chips, hummus trio with chicken, lentil fetoosh salad, and the lavosh shwarma wrap. I substitute veggies on some of these and they always get it right.Also possibly the best iced tea in town. And they always give me a to-go cup.
4	I have been coming here on and off, but I have always got a great meal out of it. The food is very price worthy and, as I most probably wouldn't make this a place where I would hang out and drink, they have that option too. I had the schwarma last time, which basically is a pita wrap of the kind that can be found all over Europe. Tasty to say the least.. but I have to get better at trying out their curry dishes, because they look and smell fantastically. Some people say they have gotten bad service here, but I never have had a bad experience. It's very casual and I must say I appreciate that. As I said, its more a place to eat than a place to hang out at.
1	Worst service ever! Don't waste your time at this location it sucks and the servers act like they are too cool and emo to serve with any sort of personality.. Food is always good but it's not even worth it , just go to a different location
4	Great place for hummus. Their broiled chicken salad is also amazing with a lemon vinaigrette. Although, this location has a very hectic and small parking lot.
4	Got to say I love three lavosh pizzas!! So far the jungle is great and I have had great meals at all of there locations so far.. Arcadia location has chill atmosphere good hipster wait staff fast service menu is healthier than lots of places good place for all ages and tastes.
1	This place has issues.  I'm not going to visit here anymore.  I ordered the hummus  n grilled chicken with double chicken to go since their service is horrible and the staff really looks ungroomed.  It was $15 bucks n the food was ice cold so I warmed it up when I got home.  I believe in 2ns chances but its always something so I will make my own.  Sorry honest review
4	The first couple of visits the menu might come off as a little insipid.  Don't let that deter you because your tastebuds need time to detox from all of the fatty burgers you once consumed. You will soon find a menu full of dishes to feel good about.
2	For starters, I love Pita Jungle and although the food here is top notch the service is annoyingly bad. The past two times the servers have disappeared to that magical vortex called "server land".  Where on Earth do they disappear to ? I'm not sure how there can be 5 people in the restaurant and the server(s) can't seem to handle it. At times there are servers walking around, literally right past your table, ignoring the fact that you've even sitting there for 10 minutes with a menu and they don't stop and ask if you need anything due to some strange server boundary rules.  "Have you been helped yet?" Seems to be a common theme in this location. Long winded way of saying food 10, service 0.
4	We go to all the Pita Jungles.  We love the food.
4	One off the best places in the area for lunch or dinner. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars, is that they are too busy. They need a larger space and additional staff. Their staff are quick, attentive, and polite, but there always seems to be more customers than space available.
5	Any location.  Any time.  Any item on the menu... Amazing!  This is one of my fave spots.  Cute, fresh and consistent.
2	Food was great as always at OK, but service was pretty bad. Slow to take order, food took nearly 30 minutes with a slim crowd. Never checked back to see how things were or if we needed anything else (we  did). Not bad enough to keep from coming back, just a tad disappointing..
4	I had no idea there was a regular sit-down restaurant version of this mall-food-court favorite.  The place was absolutely packed and so many were waiting patiently!I took a seat at the bar and was greater promptly.  I ordered my "mall" fav salad...the Mediterranean.  It was delicious but looked like a smaller portion...could be because of the larger plate.  Can't say it was worth $14.00...$10 something plus tax and gratuity.   I'll definitely come back to try something else though!
2	Eating vegetarian there is just not that exciting to me...I've eaten enough hummus in my life that it's no longer exotic or unique to get a plate of plain hummus with some pita. Maybe for others hummus is still exciting?I had their blueberry shake a few years ago and thought it was wonderful but got heartburn afterwards, so I've never tried it again. I would recommend it though. It's made from yogurt and blueberries (I can no longer tolerate cow yogurt). I like their tofu scrambles too.I would have given it three stars if not for the last experience I had here at the indian school location. I got the salad, on special and thought it was too acidic and needed some protein to mellow it out...like nuts. About halfway through (because I'm distracted by feeding my child), I remember that the menu said it came with pine nuts. I stop eating and try to flag down the server. About five minutes later (not kidding...poor service) when I'm about to just walk to the kitchen window myself, the server sees me. I explain it to him and he goes to the kitchen with my plate. They say they did put nuts on it. I said, no they didn't. And then they say they did and they're sorry, but they can't give me more. ???Yes, now you all know that either I have short-term memory loss or I like to lie to get lots of pine nuts because I have a pine nut addiction and I just HAVE to have them and will go so far as to lie to my waiter to get them. Wtf.I didn't eat anymore of the salad. I lose my appetite when people falsely accuse me of lying (especially about pine nuts). I don't need to go back to Pita Jungle. The hummus was overrated anyway! I can just go to the Mediterranean deli on 16th st!
5	I dig the atmosphere, I enjoy their food. Good service and a tastey schwarma left me with nothing to complain about. The pita and hummus made for a delicious appetizer. We left feeling full and happy.
5	I love pita jungle! Healthy but delicious! My favorite thing is the chicken hummus trio with the extra special and fluffy pita bread and some siracha. Make sure to ask for the special fluffy pita bread! A healthy alternative to this dish would be no pita bread  and just extra cucumbers... It's just as good in case your watching the carbs!
2	I ordered take out and watched my food sit in the window ignored.  While people who arrived after me eat.   Hhhmmmm, this is not cool.  Kinda wish I could take my tip back.
5	Of course the food is amazing... That's why I have been coming here for years.  I love the servers... Especially the tall dark-haired one Brett... He is amazing!
3	Let me preface this with a simple statement: I absolutely LOVE the food from Pita Jungle!That being said, there are a few things that irk me about Pita Jungle.First, the music is very loud. I'm noticing this is a common theme with the new wave of restaurants that are opening. I have asked a couple of times if the music can be turned down, but the reply I hear over and over (at multiple locations, mind you) is that the music is at "company standard" and that I can sit outside. This is rude, considering it is the middle of the summer in Phoenix.Second (and this is a personal problem), I really, really wish there were french fries. I know this sounds silly, but they really do taste amazing with hummus. Oh well, the personal battle ensues.Third, most of the people that are hired are pretty snobby and incompetent. This sounds rude, but I was in the customer service industry for a long time. I know I have high standards, but I minimally expect people to do their jobs.Anyway, I eat here all the time. I just get the food To-Go :)
5	This is my first time eating here!! No I believe that in a review there should be everything from food to ambience and scenery involved. So here we go.I've always been apprehensive in going here bc I don't care for gyros. So I went today to try out the food and I was surprised.I got the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was very good. The sauce was right now. Perfect flavor profiles. Just the right amount of salt and spice. The chicken was delicious had been marinated and flavored on it's own. I was impressed. And the rice wasn't dry! Very good.The energy of the place was perfect for lunch. That's when I went. Energy, fast paced and great. The service was awesome. Always attentive on the drinks being filled. And the food getting out quick. And my favorite part. A lot of great looking guys. Very handsome. Girls and gays would love it here. And I'm sure the girls were pretty but I didn't notice. I will be going back for the scenery and the delicious food.
3	The food is great here, and they are pretty big meals. I always enjoy the food and love having the left overs for lunch the next day. I have been here often but have never had a very good experience with the staff. They are always very short with us and don't seem to enjoy serving. However the food is very good so I will keep going back.
5	Great healthy food. I eat here all the time and just about everything I have tried on the menu is good. I love the Philly Steak Pita. Good staff and clean restaurant. Price isn't bad for the quality you get. My only complaint is I have a large appetite and sometimes don't get full off one item.
4	Every time I go to PJ I know what to expect...great service and exceptional food. Their philly pita is my favorite, however the gambas con ajo (shrimp and tomatoes) is a very close second. I'm a regular at pita jungle and would suggest it to anyone and everyone looking for amazing healthy food at a fair price.
3	Good place to stop for a healthy meal! Service was good, hummus was good, and the pizza was okay.  Not my favorite type of pizza, but I was sharing a meal and everyone else enjoyed it.They have great Pitas and a small, but good, selection of beer on tap. Worth stopping in if you are in the area for lunch or dinner!
2	Went for Monday lunch with my hubby it was Extremely NOISY and every table full.  Everyone was shouting to be heard over the jazz 'background music'. The original paintings in the dining area are a bit disturbing too.    Service: Our hostess and server were on top of it. The cooks not so much.   Because of the name 'Pita Jungle' we selected pitas. I should of been warned when our servers expression changed upon our order.   I had a traditional gyro pita which came loaded with decayed!! at the edges lettuce, not bruised I know the difference.  I picked it off and ate the rest which was ok not great.  My Big Fat Greek Restaurant gyros are way better.  Hubby ordered the philly chicken pita, the chicken wasn't seasoned well and they went overkilled on the cheese.  We are not returning though we live 1/8th of a mile away.  The neighboring tables seemed to all have the mediterranean gazpacho soup.  It looked ok but I didn't go to a mediterranean restaurant for cold soup.
1	First off I want to say that I absolutely love Pita Jungle and I've been eating there for almost 10 years. This review is ONLY for this location. I've been coming to the Arcadia location pretty frequently over the past 6 months and I am extremely unhappy with the service. About a month ago my boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night. It was a little busy but nothing crazy. Our server took our order and then completely forgot about us. Someone else brought out our food and our server never checked on us even ONCE. I literally had to go track him down to get our check 20 minutes after we finished our meal. And the weirdest part was that he was taking care of all the tables around us... So ridiculous! Then we ordered take out a couple of weeks ago. We ordered a Mediterranean platter and a hummus and only got ONE pita! It sucks because we didn't realize this until we got home. Another thing is every time I call to place a take out order I'm put on hold for at least 10 minutes then when I go to pick up my food no one is even in the restaurant! Now what finally sent me over the edge was what happened tonight. I placed a take out order (after I sat on hold forever) for a LARGE hummus and LARGE garlic dip and what we got was ridiculous, there is barely any hummus or garlic dip in the containers. It looks like they took a small hummus and garlic dip and spread them out in a large containers (see attached photos). Then to top it off our pitas were completely cold and gross.I am so disappointed, I've frequented many of the Pita Jungle's in Phoenix or the years and I've never experienced anything like this. We will definitely not be back to this location!
5	Every time I'm back in Phoenix, I plan when and how often I'm going to Pita Jungle.  I've taken three separate groups of friends, and they have all become instant fans.  Love the outdoor seating area.My daughter has celiac disease, and she is always pleased with how many options she has and how tasty everything is. I went to the E. Indian School Road location today and again was blissfully happy with everything.  Now, please let me preface this by saying I was there on a weekday early evening and the place wasn't busy.  My service was top notch and friendly.  I had the hummus trio and the garlic chicken from the tapas menu.  Both were super tasty and I know I'll try the garlic chicken off the main menu (appys) when I go next time.  I also had my regular, the chicken shawarma pita with extra garlic sauce. Perfect as usual. Of course, because I'd had the tapas, I took 2/3 home with me for lunch tomorrow.  Can't wait. I almost forgot - how silly of me.  Of course I had a glass of their sangria.  My fav.  It was perfect as well.  Can I just say that I am pleasantly surprised by reading the responses from Pita Jungle to any negative reviews they see here on yelp.  I'll definitely be back and will be bringing more friends when I do!
5	Visited October 2014 and quality good as usual...
2	Ok so I usually love pita jungle first time ordering from this location. I ordered takeout my large hummus looked like less than a small and was garnished with a bunch of cilantro and chickapees no tomato,cucumber  or olives.  Maybe they were out of cucumbers because my side had 6 slices! I ordered 3 extra pita and got 1 to go with my large hummus. The sauce from my shrimp leaked and soaked the foil wrapped pita. Very disappointing wish I would have opened the bag and looked at it before leaving!
5	Good, healthy choices of typical Mediterranean cuisine.  Great for last-minute, left work late and need to eat, take-out.  The order is usually ready within 15 minutes of the call so it is easy to pop by, pick up and head home.  We order from PJ about twice each month, and the food is consistently good.  I love the 4-cheese spinach quesadilla with chicken, and their lavosh pizzas are excellent.  Their hummus and tzatziki is amazing.
1	I have been eating at Pita Jungle since the original store opened in Tempe and have always been extremely pleased with the food and service, until last night. While the food was still great the service was below par. It was 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening and the restaurant was almost empty, so the issue wasn't due to a full house. Our server was a nice looking you man, not sure of his name since he didn't welcome us to Pita Jungle or offer his name.  We didn't realize that we couldn't be served alcohol outside so instead providing an explanation or recommending that we move inside he just simply said "I can't serve you alcohol outside". So we ordered water and he walked away, no question of would we like a tea or a starter. When he returned with our water, I had a couple question regarding gluten free options, hopeful that he would be more engaged but was again struck with the feeling that we were a nuisance.  Thankfully the support staff served us our food and were very pleasant and helpful because I was prepared to leave.I will likely not return to this location but if I do I will request a different server if he is there.
4	Delicious meal today with friends.  I like the food at Pita Jungle, but it doesn't make me rave. Today's meal was "raving" good!  My Grilled Mahi with Quinoa Pilaf (pictured) was fabulous, and was on the Specials menu, so, of course, I wonder if I'll ever see it again! Had cabbage, pine nuts and almond slivers in it, too. Friends had gyro sandwiches (good), and another item from the Specials menu, Red Quinoa Salad with Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus, which she enjoyed. Good food, good service, good time.
4	First time there, sat outside love that ! Ordered Mediterranean salad with chicken , a hummus combo & the swarmma sandwich, the pita bread was warm and yummy, good service quick.
3	We always order lunch from this location and the last couple of times they have been neglecting! with packaging the food and following the paid substitutes!!! Sorry, Pita!We love you but you need to get rid of the slackers
5	The husband and I went to Pita Jungle last night at approximately 6:30. I was very hungry, perhaps on the verge of hangry (a dramatic form of hunger) and so we promptly ordered an appetizer ( large hummus trio, to be specific). In my amazement, the large platter was set before me only seconds after I ordered. It was like magic. It was brilliant. It was faster than any fast food service I have ever received. The platter was visually appealing with a green hummus (cilantro), a red hummus (red pepper) and yellow (normal hummus).  I also ordered steam vegetables - partly to be healthy, and also partly for additional dipping options. I've never been to a place the supplied a good pita bread to hummus ratio - you always need an extra pita.  But, the carrots especially made a good hummus-to-mouth shoveling vehicle. That is the only problem I have with Pita Jungle though, I always have to order an appetizer in order to get full. And, it's not that the serving sizes are too small because the serving plates are large and completely utilized. So, I don't know, it's like how my kitchen spoons always go missing - I don't have an explanation. It's not like they ever leave the house.Giving 5 stars for such a good service.  I've been eating at Pita Jungle for years and the food is always good, although I would probably give 4 stars if just on taste alone. But service in seconds? It's hard to beat that.  Friendly staff, outdoor seating, and wine help seal the deal.
5	I have been eating at Pita Jungle for over two years while going back and forth to Arizona from Florida and made sure it it was a sure stop in the area.  I have never had anything but a great meal be it lunch or dinner. Service can vary as with many casual dining restaurants but is generally good to excellent.  sometimes there is a wait because so many people love the place.  I have eaten my way through the menu and no dish disappoints nor, certainly, do portions.  Can be a bit cacaphonous early in the dinner service as there are many kids, but this being Arizona early means it's quiet by 6:30-7:00.  Note that the Scottsdale location is actually in the food court of the Scottsdale Fashion Mall and has a limited menu.  The 4340 E.Indian School store and the others are sit-down dining.
5	Awesome! We're from la and this was a treat! Chicken del sol was awesome!  Go here there's something healthy and delecious for everyone!
