4	While rolling down Smallman to go to 21 St Coffee, I saw a little sign that said "Donuts". Hmmmm, maybe.. It's a small storefront, just enough room to make donuts and buy them. After getting my quad Mocha I stopped in and met Ron, the Owner, a nice guy. The donuts are made right there at the counter in a mini donut making machine. See, they are little, cute donuts. And they get a little bigger, but I did not witness one as big as usual. My little ones were made fresh and of the Devils Food variety. The were fried right there in front of my eyes and then Ron dropped them in a bag with some sugar and it was "Oh, My", good. Perfect with the mocha, too. Good stuff. The only star I take away is for price. $3 for a dozen little donuts, eh, maybe, maybe not. They were fresh, but I'm Blue collar, I work for my money...4 stars, good stuff, Ron..(eh, I made a typo in the name and it didnt save the edit, oopsie)
1	These donuts are over priced and the quality doesn't justify the cost...not mention the owner of this business has publicly announced his dislike for the rights of the LGBT community. The full article can be found here - http://www.pghcitypaper.com/pittsburgh/the-hole-story/Content?oid=1342790 It maybe old news as of this update (11/6/2014) but I still feel strongly about a local business alienating a large sector of the Pittsburgh population. There are too many other local businesses that make some damn tasty treats and they don't discriminate against the LGBT community. Go check out Bartram House Bakery! Best cake and boston creme donut you'll get.
1	the donuts are nothing special and the owner will treat anyone who appears to be left-leaning (politically) VERY poorly.
1	The positives: cute little donuts, location.  The negatives:  a bit pricey for tiny donuts, owner announced disdain for gays, feminists, abortion, government-based education, and, well, pretty much everything that cute little peace-loving donuts represent.
3	Yikes!  As a visitor to the city I thought that these donuts were delicious and that the owner was so personable!  Reading the reviews now kinda makes me wish I didn't spend my money there...Alas, the donuts taste amazing, especially the blueberry donut!
2	i love the irony of embracing love and peace for marketing purposes, but espousing the opposite sentiment when being interviewed for newspaper articles.  http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/09291/1006134-28.stmIt kinda makes the donuts taste bitter.  Oh, and Ron, i'm  a centrist, "right to bear..., take personal responsibility..." kinda guy, so don't brush me off as another one of those LGBT radicals trying to keep you down.  If your marketing was based on 1950's kitsche, i don't think people would mind you preaching morality nearly as much.  seriously, it's the blatantly misrepresentative marketing that especially irks people.    Anyway, in all honesty the donuts are decent.. some of the flavors are downright tasty.  i won't knock em.  a tasty snack, though probably not the place i'd go when it's my day to buy donuts - due to price and size.
1	We had relatives in town and I took them to the Strip, our favorite tourist site in Pittsburgh for some shopping.  Happened by this place and could NOT convince our relatives to avoid the place.  Forget the politics.  $14 for a dozen tasteless donuts?   There's nothing interesting about these donuts.   That's more disturbing to me than the owner's politics.  Save your cash, head back to Penn Avenue and pick up some fresh pastries in front of Penn Mac.
3	neat little place.  nice employee.  bob or bill or something.  anyways, the donuts were a surprise.  small and neato.  we got some dipped in maple frosting and cinnamon.  one chocolate, and a couple others.  very good prices I'd say.  and the flavors were good.  the dough was more cakey than normal fluffy donuts so they tend to gum up your mouth so keep some drink nearby.  but otherwise the flavors were good.  and sugar heavy.  nothing terribly special though.  but its nice supporting the independent places.  had to check em out.
1	so do you review on the owner's political views, or the quality of the product? this is deep for yelp, and i didn't do too well in philosophy....shit.that said, i do not agree with the owners statements, but had given this place 2 stars in my head prior to learning about everything.first off, i liked that this was a family-run affair, with 3 or 4 kids working the donut assembly line, and the mom taking orders.what i didn't like was the confusing menu. i knew from listening to other customers that they offered exotic frosting flavors, but nowhere were these listed.we tried the plain, glazed and cinnamon. all were good, but not amazing as unfortunately the donuts smelled better than they tasted.
1	Prior to coming here, I didn't know the political stance of this donut shop, nor did I care.  All I wanted was a donut or two to go with some coffee.  So I went in to the really nice smell of donuts (and the sound of right wing radio talk shows... I'm confused).  I got two donuts that were really small, just about the size of making a circle with my index and thumb.  Looked good enough to be a breakfast treat and that was fine by me.Then I got hit with the price.  Two of these mini donuts were $2.50.  What the shit?  Are you kidding me? The donuts themselves were average at best, but I was busy focusing on the fact that I got hosed for agreeing to pay that outrageous price for mini donuts of all things.With all the great pastries available in the Strip of better quality and price, I will happily avoid this place like the plague.
5	I've heard about this place for a while and just finally got around to trying and I'm so glad I did.  The people there are really friendly and the donuts melt in your mouth.  I understand why the lines are so long sometimes!  I was lucky to not have to wait and will definitely be back again.
5	Heard about this place from a friend and decided to go try it out. Maybe the best decision of my life, I'm a donut person and these are amazing donuts!Go try Peace love and little donuts... Now!!
1	More of the love and peace please...
2	I miss donuts so much and must say this place was so disappointing.  I don't want to have political chat when trying to get my donut grub on and don't want to hear crap about how corporate america is taking over and the new giant eagle in robinson has copied....blah blah bla blah bl blah!  Shut up man!  Oh and they are overpriced.  The thing is they are good but can we get a nice donut shop in the strip where we don't have to hear about this stuff on a nice sunny morning.  Come on now.....WTF!?  Please lower the cost and shut the hell up!
4	We tried this place to celebrate Chris's birthday with a sweet treat. The bacon doughnut was the winner by far! The sugar covered doughnut took a solid second place. The price might be a bit steep but this is a novelty item. Prefect for a once in a while treat.
1	* New rating = 1 star due to the hypocrisy. If you aren't in the know read more - http://lezgetreal.com/2009/10/homophobic-donuts-and-free-speech-a-pittsburgh-paradox/* Original rating = 5 stars for great donutsUpon first glance you might think Peace Love and Little Donuts is just a tiny shop off the main strip. Not so. This place is *amazing*. First timers receive a complimentary donut. These four bite size treats are heavy on toppings like:  Oreo, coconut, Jimmies, chocolate morsels, cereal toppings and just about anything else that you can dream-up to cure your sweet tooth. The shop doesn't appear to sell espresso so be sure to purchase milk and bring cash. I'd estimate 2 little donuts = 1 chain size donut. Yum!
1	Good donuts, high high high prices, bad politics.   Won't get my $ again!
4	Fresh made donuts right before your eyes.  The little mechanism that churns them out is pretty cool. While they're not as fluffy as I'd like, they're still pretty good. They can be topped in a lot of different ways, with varous glazes and toppings.Far and away the best one is the maple glaze topped with bacon.  The prices for donuts of this quality is pretty reasonable, and the staff are pretty efficient at making donuts and moving people in and out, without rushing you.  That's good, because there are a lot of choices.Bottom Line:  I'm not sure why everyone is so bent out of shape on politics, plain and simple: this place makes tasty donuts. And that's all you need to know.
1	The donuts were meh, but local, until I got an earful of political garbage, I feel a restaurant is a poor forum for political banter, whatever your opinion. It seems like a great business model, small space, great smell, capturing a liberal market they're not a part of, low overhead, and high return (even better if their company car is biodiesel, which if it's not, then it should be) if their donuts can stop being so mediocre I might raise my review. I'll keep an eye out for the yelp score to jump a little, then I'll go back.
1	I'd be careful about putting your bigotry on display folks. All you need do is look at the response to "Here Comes the Bride" in Philly to see this. I simply exercise my right to not give my money to people that I believe are intolerant of others. It's a shame that they espouse "Peace and Love". Their views on  homosexuals seems to be contrary to any ideas of peace and love that I am aware of.
4	I love Peace, Love and Little Donuts ~ especially the Maple Bacon donuts! I have a Peace, Love and Little Donuts black hoodie and it is my favorite piece of winter clothing! ... even after the yummy donut smell washed out.
4	I had no idea about the politics.  I just ordered donuts and ate them.  They were very good.  Guy was nice.  He gave us free samples too.
4	Got the banana split doughnuts today, and they were delicious!  I don't give a crap about a person's politics, whether I agree with his or her opinions or not, while I am eating doughnuts.  Maybe the world would be a bit more peaceful if we'd all just shut up, eat a doughnut, and agree to disagree.
2	The donuts are good, but they aren't great.  They have innovative toppings that sometimes just fall flat because the actual small donuts base flavor isn't very good itself.  They are also ridiculously expensive for the size of donuts.  I prefer dunkin donuts - they simply know what they are doing.  This place also has attitude, they think they are the shit, and act like it too.  I've seen the owner, and he's not super nice or helpful.  I've also heard about his opinions and I don't care for them.  Although this review is based solely on the taste of the donuts and their service.  I'm not impressed with either.
3	Overall, I enjoy stopping in for a donut or two from Peace, Love and Little Donuts when I'm in The Strip, but after one or two, the flavors all sort of start to become the same flavor, underlined by the plainness of the donut itself. The donuts lack the airiness of your typical full-size donut or even a Dunkin Donut munchkin, and don't have the nice density and slightly crispier outside of a cake donut (an old fashioned cake donut is by far my favorite donut). These are sort of just, well, plain. Which is fine, as long as the topping can carry the taste. Some flavors do a good job of this, others not so much.The basics with vanilla, raspberry, or maple frosting are my favorites, as they highlight the simple flavors of the frosting and they stay away form overcomplicating things. Some of the crazier flavors, while looking fun and adventurous just kind of fall flat in the flavor category, and really, most just seem to take on the flavor of their base frostings anyway. The biggest issue I have is actually how when you take some home, a few hours later, everything just seems to become too soft at room temperature. The donut becomes soft and dry (if that makes any sense), and the frosting becomes too soft to create any textural difference. Thus, you're left with a container of less-than-satisfying donuts. Which, for a donut lover like me, means throwing them away is a painful experience. Ha ha.I know it sounds like I'm overanalyzing the simplicity of donuts here, but really, Peace, Love and Little Donuts would be excellent if they could find a way to create some level of textural interest in the donut itself. I think a donut should be good without the frosting, and their donuts just simply don't achieve that. Regardless, if you can get your hands on a fresh one on your way through The Strip, do it. Just don't expect the ones you purchase to take home after your initial excitement to stand up to that first one on the street.
4	Not quite sure why this place wouldn't receive overwhelmingly positive comments.  I would like to think of myself as a serious foodie, but then again, I haven't had the pleasure of eating donuts on a regular basis since I started this healthy kick....-Clearly these or any donuts wouldn't fit the bill....We bought 2 dozen, and shared among 4 of us over the course of 2 days, and I must say I loved the variety... Having a variety in donuts as you do in the cupcake-fad world is truly what makes these a treat.... I would like to note that I do have my favorite... Maple Bacon is the best...you know, all things taste better with Bacon, and if you know me, you know I have never ordered a Maple donut... But it tasted like pancakes and bacon... Yum-E!The Raspberry Lemonade was a treat, and the Banana Split was the hubby's fave.  I know if they had one of these in the East Bay.. It would fit right in...The only thing is that this place has such tight quarters, and it makes it a challenge when you're trying to get in and out of there...
5	Try these donuts. They are substantial but not heavy cake inside, perfectly sweetened with a perfectly fryer-crisped crust. Go on a Saturday morning. Go for plain glazed or cinnamon to savor the donut.
4	Cinnamon sugar is usually my huckleberry...but maple bacon is like what i want my best breakfast bite to taste like. Quick too.
1	Overrated.  Completely overrated.  I had read about this place in the Stip District magazine, so I thought I'd give it a try.  I was so disappointed with the donuts.  I don't understand what all the hype is about.  They were dry and no terribly flavorful.  I got three different varieties.  Definitely NOT worth the price.Won't be going back.  Ever.
2	I am sure I ordered wrong, because I don't get the appeal.  It was indeed a "little donut" as the name of the establishment would suggest.  My particular choice was a little donut with a chocolate frosting topping and two mini pretzel sticks.  The donut was kind of spongy.  The scaling down of the donut noticeably changes the texture for the worse in my opinion.  The chocolate was fine, but it did not possess any deep or striking flavor.  It was rather ordinary, really.  Salt can be a wonderful contrast to sweetened chocolate, especially large crystals of sea salt!  The salt from the pretzel sticks was just sort of incidental, and the effect of contrast was entirely lost.  Overall, my donut should have been much better than it was.  Again, maybe I just ordered the wrong one.  I likely wouldn't go back though to try and get it right.  So it goes.  Pass.
3	I have been putting this review off for a little while now. I don't like mixing politics with food. Food is not political. They are like oil and water. I respect my fellow Yelpers' opinions and I can only hope they will respect mine. I feel that reviewing a restaurant should be based of the food and the experience. If the owner was there and he made comments to, about, or around you that you feel are reprehensible, then by all means, lower the rating. However, I feel that it is wrong to write a review, give a score, and then go back and change it, or to write a review along the lines of "I used to like it until I found out about his radical ideology" because you found out new information from a third party source. I do not agree with Mr. Razete's views, in fact I find them deplorable, but I am not reviewing his political and personal op pinions. I am reviewing his donuts. Here we go.We will start, as I usually like to, with the decor. Peace Love and Little Donuts in the Strip makes it's little donuts out of an equally little space. There is a counter, a drink case, the prep area, the donut fryer, and room for maybe five customers to squeeze in. The walls are painted with the cliche flowers. peace signs, and other hippie motifs over a tye-dye background. The space is clean, adequate for what they need, and nothing I can knock. They aren't winning any points for the space, but they aren't losing any either.As far as the staff go, yes, I understand they owner holds some radical views. I have met him on occasion, and he has never shared them with me, but then again I am a white, heterosexual, male so he really had no objection to me, I guess. As far as the rest of the staff goes, I have never seen or heard anything that would make me think their shared their boss's views. They have all been polite, engaging, and helpful. That is everything I expect when I go into a business, so again, no points gained, and no points lost in that department.The little donuts are, obviously, the reason anyone would come into the shop. They make a variety of donuts staged in three different price points. The plain donuts with a dusting of sugar are the cheapest, followed by the frosted ones, with the priciest donuts being the ones with frosting and toppings. The pricing has upset some Yelpers in the past. I don't mind it because I don't see this as an everyday stop. PL&LD is a once in a while treat. They make specialty, novelty donuts that you are meant to enjoy once in a while, not the corporate processed garbage you consume every day like at Dunkin'.As far as the actual donuts themselves, I like them. I always go in an lie saying it's my first time so I can get a free sample. Fresh out of the fryer they are crispy on the outside and dense and cakey on the inside. These are not to be confused with Krispy Kremes. They are cake donuts, very dense with none of that lightness and airiness that melts into nothing with other varieties. PL&LD makes one flavor of donut, but a wide selection of frostings and toppings to put on them. AS far as frostings go I have seen chocolate, vanilla, banana, strawberry, lemon, and many others. Combine the frosting with toppings and this is where my favorites lie and things get very interesting. My favorite, by far, are the Maple Bacon Donuts. Maple frosting covered with chopped bacon on the donut tastes like a bite of pancakes with syrup and bacon. Following that I like the Oreo, banana split, and cherry cheesecake. The donuts are best fresh, and, like others have noticed, if you let them sit for a while, the quality takes a dive. Great for a little treat if you happen to be in the Strip early in the day.Once everything is said and done and the dust storm clears, I like PL&LD. They are ok in my book. Service is (to me at least) pleasant and the donuts, while not the best I have ever had, are pretty good for the occasional treat. They do everything right, but it seems to me that once they hit the "Good Enough" mark, they stop. So, that is where I will stop. PL&LD is good enough in my book. Three Stars.
4	Little tiny hidden hole in the wall. Perfectly sized donuts allows you to get a variety without filling up on just 1 or 2. Great pricing. You won't be disappointed, a good alternative to the large chains.
2	I've read some good and bad about this place and I can see both sides.  I stopped by one early morning to redeem a Groupon good for 2 dozen donuts.  I was the only customer and the gentleman behind the counter was very nice and helpful.  He asked if I wanted an assortment and I told him yes, I'd like to try everything.  He verified that I wouldn't have a problem with some of the flavors and I confirmed that I wanted it all (including the coconut and maple bacon).  He told me it would be about ten minutes until they were ready and I had no problem waiting.  My actual wait was more like 5 minutes or less.  Again, the gentleman was very nice.  I thanked him for my selection of little donuts and was on my way.  I have to admit that they are very pretty donuts.  Some of the donuts have distinct flavors but after two all I could taste was myself getting diabetes from all the sugar.  So that would be my main complaint.  They seem to all just be plain little donuts with different flavored icings and toppings.  The end result with each just ends up being way too much sugar.  My other concern is that even with my Groupon this still felt like an expensive venture.  I'm glad I tried them and was able to experience various levels of blood sugar but I shan't be returning.
4	-1 for a hair in my banana crunch donut. +1 for them immediately offering a refund and extra donuts and replacing the whole order. This will be a regular stop any time we make it to the strip district. It's a small hole-in-the-wall kind of place, but easy enough to find. The donuts are better than what you would expect from your local chain so I don't mind paying extra for them. There are plenty of good flavor options. I would definitely recommend trying the banana crunch donuts (sans hair). I prefer to review businesses based on the experience. Contrary to what you may hear, none of the staff forced us to listen to their social opinions. Believe it or not, they sold us donuts and actually provided good customer service. Maybe boycotting a place because you heard from someone else that they don't share your views is a little... prejudiced?
3	PL&LD has very visually appealing little donuts with some unique flavor / toppings, but I'd like to see different types of donuts other than the glazing.  I picked up two dozen assorted donuts (groupon deal was expiring.)  The toppings are novel, (maple + bacon = winner) but the donuts are your standard cake donut type, so without the toppings they'd be pretty  foul.  In other news, for the next few days I'll have somewhere between 12-18 left, if anyone's interested...I already feel fatter.  All in all, my suggestion is that it's worth a stop to try them, but I don't know that I will return now that I've had a few.
4	I'm shocked this place only has a 2 and a 1/2 star review. I love peace, love and little donuts! It is a shop my family always visit whenever we are in Pittsburgh and even as I write this review I am craving a crazy flavored little treat. The donuts might be a little overpriced and the staff could be a little friendlier but they are definitely worth it. I enjoy the variety of groovy, far out, and funkadelic donuts and I'm always surprised with the new flavors they come up with. I like the style and size of the shop because in my experience it has ensured quick service. Overall Peace, Love and Little Donuts is a must! Honestly how could you not walk through the strip and not stop by after being caught by the smell of hot, fresh donuts?
2	Pros: Credit for the creativity (although seems like a lot of Voodoo wannabes out there) and I actually like the small size.Cons: Price.......$7.50 for a 1/2 doz of mini donuts? You gotta be kidding me!Overall a nice indulgence and a cool independent biz but priced too high for me to be much of a repeat customer.
4	OK, first off--I never eat donuts. Never. Don't get me wrong; I LOVE them. But they usually make me feel horrible afterwards, so I never eat them. I made an exception for these guys.We were visiting the Strip District and came across an intoxicating smell. What was it? Donuts. Hot, greasy, sweet, melty donuts. We had to have some, including me. I had two--the powdered sugar and the glazed. Oh, My, God they were good. And they were just as good the next morning for breakfast. Yes, we actually restrained ourselves for a whole day.They're not cheap, for sure. But for an occasional splurge, you can't beat them.
5	Wow! I am so disappointed to see all the negative reviews of this place! We had a weekend getaway in Pittsburgh where we hit some hot spots (ie- Primantie Brothers). When I saw this place, I liked its hipster vibe and crew, but when I walked inside (TINY) I was very pleased to see the crew making donuts FRESH in hot oil right in front of me. Straight from the fryer on to a belt, iced and designed- into a box, right to my mouth!! These little bites of heaven are DELICIOUS. I'm not a donut fan, typically opt out if offered, but these little bite sized treasures are perfect for a little something sweet. Friendly group, helpful, and creative. I was in awe of the variety of toppings and classic desserts transformed to bite sized donuts. I recommend this place to anyone who has never been or looking for some variety. This place left a better impression on me that other famed locals, and we talked about the little pillows of heaven for HOURS, HAHA! It was a little pricey to admit, I was surprised to pay so much for something so small, 5.95 for a 1/2 dozen. Still, worth every penny for a rare occasion- looking forward to going back next time I'm on Pittsburgh!!!
4	I stopped by here today with my girlfriend for a quick snack since we were in the strip.  The inside of the place is quite tiny and would maybe fit 10 people standing shoulder to shoulder.  We were the only people in the place since it was still early so it was not a problem.  What was cool is that we could see them frying up the donuts and otherwise making them.  The cashier was nice and pointed out all of the donuts they had available that day.  I went with the bacon maple while my girlfriend went with the chocolate chip cookie dough.  We both enjoyed our small donuts.  The salty sweet combination on mine was nice with the maple not being too overpowering.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.  You know what you are getting, small donuts, but I thought that they were delicious.
5	Oh My Goodness!!!These donuts are AMAZING, and I am definitely not a donut fan.  I HIGHLY recommend everyone go and get one or two or three or four of these wonderful morsels of deliciousness.My favorite, by far, was the Samoa - toasted coconut with caramel.  YUMMMM!  The S'More was very, very good as was the Oreo.  The sugar coated was also very, very good.  All the donuts were great.  They were slightly crispy on the outside and the cake part was perfect and moist and wonderful.The service was great - the girl took her time explaining and then explaining some more to my little ones all the flavors and toppings.You must go here.  Then step next door for a very, very good cup of coffee at 21st Street Coffee and Tea.
1	Using pre-bought donut mix and charging way too much for them? Then all of this anti gay stuff? Wow, please do not go here. Ever.
5	These are the best donuts I have had in Pittsburgh. Delicious toppings.
4	I went to the location at Grove City Outlet Mall, so I was in more of a spending mood, because these donuts are expensive.  They are pretty good though.  A lot of the reviewers on here complain that they are just cake donuts.  That's ok by me, because they differentiate the donuts by the toppings, not by making 10 different kinds of batter like dunkin donuts does.I think a lot of people on here were complaining about the price.  They are pretty expensive, and definitely not a place I'd go to often because of the price, but they are good, and worth it every so often.The only complaint I have is that the pricing at the Grove City location is a little deceptive, because they only have the expensive donuts on display, but they have 3 different price points depending on what toppings you get, but you don't realize that since they are only displaying the expensive ones.  So I had a $5 out for my half dozen donuts, but then they ended up being $7.50.
3	I went to the one in Grove City Outlets.  The donuts were just okay.  Would rather have a dozen donuts from dunkin donuts for the price.  The store was so small you could not move in it.  You were forced to make quick decisions and look at the prices QUICKLY.  I thought they were $4.50 for 6, but I was looking at the wrong part of the board.  They are actually nearly $8.00 for a 1/2 dozen.  I didn't find this out until I was ringing out.  The taste was good, yes, but the strong flavor of the cake donut made everything taste nearly the same.  However, some were standouts, the M&M topped was good!  The cookie dough didn't taste like cookie dough, tasted like cake donut.All in all, I suppose it is worth a try.  I just think they need to lower the price just a hair and possibly have another flavor of donut for their base.
3	A quick stop in during a visit to the strip left me impressed. I tried two types of donuts and they were very tasty! Minus one star for value, for the price you can get a larger donut
3	I stopped in here for my first time in quite some time. I enjoy the different little flavor bits but I can only eat so much of them I really like the maple and bacon donuts, I mean put bacon on a deep fried treat sounds a little like heaven to me.  I'm truly not a huge donut fan but I should really swing by here more often,the only thing I don't like is the moody people who work there. You can be a jagoff to me but when I see you disrespecting an out of towner just becuase you are sick of answering the same questions over and over it really irritates me. For 1. It gives Pittsburghers a bad name, and 2. quit if you are so miserable. 3. If you want to be so hip and cool,go observe the folks at Pittsburgh popcorn, they hear the same comments and questions over and over again, but they take it in stride and do a fantastic job!
4	Little bites of heaven!
5	I love these donuts!   Our whole family stops by while waiting for a table at Pamelas around the corner.   There are so many cool flavors but my favorite is the simple cinnamon sugar.
4	My boyfriend and I wandered into this little donut shop while visiting Pittsburgh this past weekend. We knew nothing about but we smelled donuts and following our noses around the corner to Peace, Love, and Little Donuts. It was super tiny and we stood in line for about 5 minutes before we ordered. We were just looking to try them out and we hadn't had lunch so we only ordered two. Mine had maple icing and he had the maple icing with bacon crumbles on top and we thought they were delicious! It was a perfect little dessert before lunch! They were also making fresh donuts in front of us so that was neat to watch while we waited. Were they are little pricey? Sure, but we were on a weekend vacation and didn't really care. Perhaps if I were getting them on a regular basis I wouldn't pay that much for that size of a donut. They had some really unique toppings for a donut so if you find yourself in Pittsburgh near the Strip District, check them out.
5	Three words for you: Maple Bacon Donuts.There is nothing else I can say other than these are some of the best donuts that I have ever had.  They are hot, fresh, delicious, and have ample toppings. Our friends were in town for three days and were here all three mornings for some donuts!
3	Peace, Love and Little Donuts serve tiny donuts with acceptable flavor. They have a maple donut that's pretty good. They also have a chocolate frosted donut that's good. The samoa flavor isn't as impressive as I had hoped it would be.That being said, keep your expectations light. The place is happy with a nice, hippie esthetic and the workers are nice. It is cheap and good for a quick, sweet snack but it is not going to destroy any notions about what a donut can be.
4	Peace Love and Little Donuts....and Little they most certainly are.This charming donut hut can be found tucked at the far end on Smallman Street near the church. Their claim to fame? Tasty little donut creations with unique flavors such as "Samoa" & "Maple Bacon". It is definitely the attention to detail on these tasty creations that entrances one to spend nearly $8 per half dozen.Final thought: If your going to eat Calories... Eat one of these donuts. Well worth it.http://www.rawhogs.com/2013/07/09/peace-love-and-little-donuts/
4	I love the word "donut". My waistline and tastebuds love the word "little", since I can eat more flavors to make my tastebuds happy without blowing up like a balloon, yay!  This place is a must-stop for me on a trip to the Strip District, especially now that those trips are few and far between, since Pittsburgh isn't home anymore :( The donuts are always fresh, and probably the most exciting part of going to the shop is being in line and getting to watch the masterful machine make the donuts and move them along the process - it's an industrial engineering nerd's dream! On my most recent trip, I ordered two: the maple frosted and the cinnamon sugar. I've been trying to soak up as much "fall" as possible, since it seems like winter has decided to arrive early this year, and I need to get my maple and apple fix in! I would highly recommend both flavors, especially if you are familiar with apple cider donuts, as we call them in NJ. The cinnamon sugar donut was the perfect mix of the dough and the coating, and it was delightful :)
3	What a cute little place hidden in Pittsburgh's Strip District.  I was down here with my niece and a friend walking through the open farmers type markets that were setup, up and down the streets.  It was a cold morning and we needed coffee and something a little sweet.  My niece knew just the place and we ended up at Peace, Love and Little Donuts.  This is a very tiny place you can just fit the line inside to order your donuts and coffee and get out.  This will not deter you by any means trust me!  The smell of the freshly fried donuts right before your eyes will keep your attention to the most important thing there the donuts!  They have this cute little fry machine that drops the donuts in a oil Jacuzzi, as they float down they get flipped then an employee removes them to be drained after they have been perfectly cooked.  They come in any flavor and topping you can imagine and they even get creative with favors like maple bacon.  I know it sounds gross, but I had to try it from all the yelp reviews!!  It was actually pretty good, kind of like eating pancakes and bacon at the same time but it is so sweet.  Almost too sweet.  It was a perfect place to grab some cheap coffee and a little sweet treat for the walk.
1	Still a crappy place to get donuts.  Way overpriced for what you get.  Although, this was the first place I did have bacon on a donut, and I have come to like the maple/bacon flavor combo, I will not be back.  And don't be fooled by the title of their company, as it is deceptive.
4	My first visit was great. The man was nice and described the varieties over the phone helping me place my first order so I could pick them up for work. I got 2 dozen of the -funkadelic - ?? - I think that's the variety pack name? My one and only try was the Maple Bacon which was amazing fresh! Everyone I work with loved their choices and they were happy - no complaints. One day I stopped in for 1 maple bacon and it just wasn't as satisfying as it was fresh! I would go again to try the other combinations.
4	The owner's politics notwithstanding, I like the donuts. They are as good to eat as they are cute to look at and are made fresh on the spot. They're a little pricey, though.
4	Like a gourmet artisanal cupcake shop but without all the pretension, and with peace and love included in every little donut!  Genuinely friendly staff, and inventive, indulgently delicious concoctions like maple bacon donuts (defibrillator sold separately) and chocolate banana split donuts!  They make the donuts fresh all day, so when you eat them they are hot and moist. Many of the donuts have interesting toppings, such as oreos, ginger, toasted coconuts, and smores!  Marshmellows on a donut!  Our prayers have been answered!The only things holding it back from a 5 is it's a very tiny shop without a restroom or room to sit and eat there, there isn't much in the way of ambiance, but I'm happy to take a dozen delicious little bites of heaven to go.  Pro Tip: If you don't have the self control to wait til you get home (and I certainly do not!) and are looking for somewhere nearby to get chow down pronto, the 21st street cafe a block away has plenty of room, and the only thing that can make these donuts better is dunking them in fresh gourmet coffee.
4	Ok, I was only here for five minutes and didn't order anything, so this will be brief...I think it's so cool that they have a machine that spits out and flips the doughnuts in the front of the shop. Great for kids (and big kids like me) to see how they're made. I also grabbed a sample on my way out and it was delightful. Melt in your mouth, fried doughy goodness.
4	Small donuts, like the name says. Made right in front of your eyes :)  Tasty and great and very different combinations including maple bacon donut.  Very good, maybe a tad pricy (Groupon has a 55% off coupon).My only compliant if any would be the place is so tiny, you can't eat what you buy there. Hope they put some tables outside come spingtime :)
4	Loving little deep fried goodness!! Strolled in here on an early Saturday morning, and having these donuts brought home once before, they are pretty amazing fresh out of the deep fryer. This nook is small, and a simple ordering method. Walk in, order the daily donuts, pay on iPad, and you're out! The dough is dense, but since they are bite sized, they are worth it plus the decadent toppings like fruit loops, toasted sweet coconut and oreos.
4	Very pleased with these but I am in more love with the donut trey in NyC so they can't get five stars. Very delish although a little brown for my liking. Good price and really best when eaten right away. I'm looking forward to my next visit!
4	I love hot, fresh, flavored donuts. This place is so tiny and the donuts are so good the whole experience was done in a flash.As short the experience, as short the review:* Super tiny shop-in and out* Helpful little picture signs hang on the racks telling you what they have. BOOM!* You're steps away from the register when you enter the door. Panic set in for there were a lot of little signs when I visited. Dear lord what do I want? I'll get theeeeee...* ...Toasted Coconut, 2 Maple-Bacon and a Raspberry Lemonade. Fave? That Maple-Bacon.* They also serve coffee and misc bottles drinks...and before I knew it I scarfed the lot on the corner down the street. The Strip gets crowded, especially on Saturday and Sunday mornings, so plan to get there a little early for more flavors.
5	There's no way around it, these donuts are great, and it's not just because of the variety of flavors. They're fried doughnuts, made the old fashioned way, not the bland garbage you get from the chain donut shops. OK, they're a good bit smaller and more expensive, but you can't beat them for taste and satisfaction. I particularly recommend the raspberry and maple bacon donuts. There are only two cons about the place, and one is that they're a little on the pricey side for their size. The other is that it can be hard to find good parking, as this area of the Strip gets pretty crowded, especially in the mornings. FYI to certain other reviewers: No one cares about the political ax you're grinding, so spare us. While it's very "tolerant" of you to pollute these reviews with your screeds against the owner's political and moral positions, it's irrelevant to what Yelp is for. See the content guidelines: "Relevance: Please make sure your contributions are relevant and appropriate to the forum. For example, reviews aren't the place for rants about a business's employment practices, political ideologies, extraordinary circumstances, or other matters that don't address the core of the consumer experience."
4	We just had a huge lunch around the corner and definitely didn't need any more food, but this place smelled amazing, and we were in the neighborhood.. so we thought, eh, why not!We each just got a small maple donut (they were out of maple bacon- boo, next time!), which turned out to be the perfect size (3 or 4 bites). Extremely fresh and delicious."Mini donuts" are a great idea. They allow you to sample several different flavors. I just wish we weren't so full from lunch!
4	This place is amazing! They close early so get there earlier! The donuts are amazing and selection is awesome (if you get there early enough). It's a hole in the wall kinda place and the lines usually leads outside but boy is it worth it. If you like donuts and haven't been here, shame on you. They are all cake type donuts and those clearly are the best. I have nothing but compliments for this place so let's just save each other some time I'll stop writing, you stop reading, just go there. Right now...... Why are you still reading?! GO!!
5	I love this place. The flavors are so eclectic...so different from your usual donut. I got the samoa and the chocolate chip cookie dough donuts. They were delicious and the perfect size! The employee was pretty friendly too; he kept cracking jokes with me. I can't wait to go back!
3	Outside of DD, it's tough to find donuts in the 'Burgh. However, I figured a morning trip over to this little shop in the Strip District would cure what ailed my morning sweet tooth. Of course, you must first play Parking Roulette before you can walk anywhere along Smallman Street, but I lucked out with an inexpensive metered spot.Did I mention the shop is almost as little as the donuts themselves? Oh yeah. You have enough room to walk in, order and walk out, so there's definitely no eating in here. But no biggie.I was impressed with their variety of options and decided to try their popular Maple Bacon and vanilla frosted with sprinkles. After paying the friendly cashier, I took them on my way to a nearby cafe to enjoy with my morning mocha. After eating one of each, I can honestly say I was a little let down. They were okay for cake donuts, but I've had better (and bigger) ones for around the same price. I think I was more suprised than anything since they're made fresh right there behind the counter.PL&LD might be worth a one-time stop to try in you're in the area, but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come back again.
4	Cake donuts! My fav kind of donuts!So there really isn't anything particularly spectacular or unique about these donuts.  All the donuts are the same plain cake donut flavor, with different toppings or icing.  I wouldn't really splurge for the premium toppings, unless there's a specific flavor that calls to you.  Otherwise, all the donuts tasted pretty much the same.That being said, I would still give them 4 stars because the donuts are made fresh in front of you...and boy does that donut smell really get you as you wander around Smallman st!  The donuts are also my preferred type: cakey and dense!  They also kept really well for more than a week.  They didn't taste stale or hard after being refrigerated!So if you're in the area and want a coffee and some donuts, definitely stop by Peace, Love and Little Donuts.  Really, they are little.
4	I didn't realize donuts could be political.Nor do I care.I followed my nose from the little mexican shop up the street to find myself standing in a tiny shop filled with the most magical smell. We don't get fresh donuts in Akron, you see (unless you count the lone Krispy Kreme). They were a touch too sweet for me (most desserts are), but they made for a fantastic road trip snack on the way back home.The maple bacon donut was my favorite, obviously. But the samoa really hit it out of the ballpark considering that I didn't stalk the local girl scouts this year. I have to admit though, I'm kind of sad they didn't make these a touch smaller and serve them on skewers for more driving-friendly snacking.
1	I can't comment on the taste, as we were so disgusted by their lack of sanitation while handling the donuts that as soon as we could squeeze out of the tiny space, we quickly left the store.The cashier was grabbing donuts to put into boxes with his ungloved, bare hand -and with no use of bakery tissue- while handling money and touching the tablet screen without any hand washing in between.I get that they're hippies, but this was really disgusting.  Is this even legal? Wouldn't even eat one if they gave it to us for free!
4	My mom and I were visiting the Strip District and most of our destinations were on Smallman St, so we ended up walking past this place when the door was open. And anyone who's ever done that before can tell you, it takes real willpower to not run directly in. It smells AMAZING. Probably because this place is about as big as a broom closet, so they're practically baking them on the street. But, hey -- I guess little donuts can be made in a little store. The line moved quickly and the guy at the register was polite and friendly. We got in there right before they closed up for the day, which was around 2 PM -- so thank goodness we made our way back on time. The donuts are all cake and range from laid-back staples like plain and chocolate-covered, to the crazy concoctions like Samoa, Maple Bacon or the new and delicious Raspberry Chocolate Mocha. They taste exactly like they smell -- warm and soft on the inside, crispy on the outside, and just the perfect amount of sweetness. Yeah, they were a little expensive, but I see this as a novelty and a treat. If you want cheap donuts everyday, head to Dunkin Donuts. If you want to give yourself a tiny treat now and then, this place is fantastic.
5	Some might see the fact that the donuts are little (it is in the name, people) as a negative, but for me it is a huge plus because it means you can sample more varieties.  Still it is hard to narrow down the selection, and I'll have to limit my review since we ate more than we ought to admit to (go with a friend so you can split them).Not too dense, nor too light (we had all cake donuts, being  partial to those).  Hard to pick a favorite, but the Oreo and the M&M were standouts.  What I love about the M&M is that the candies were chopped just right to get a crunch but to retain the flavor.  Also really liked some of the fruity ones (strawberry, raspberry).  Having eaten at some other famous donut places, I like Peace, Love & Little Donuts more (apologies to Voodoo Donuts in Portland and Doughnut Plant in NYC).Must say that I am fascinated by the the fact that on another large review site this place is a 5 star review place while here it is a 3 star place.  It seems that in some part this is due to the politics of the owner.  I am here to review the food only.  He is entitled to his opinions (since left or right I support the 1st Amendment), and I will judge the donuts.  Whatever your political beliefs, these are mighty tasty donuts.
5	Love this little Donut shop!  They make all the donuts fresh daily, and as soon as you walk in you see them making the donuts right there, they have all different kinds anything from plain donuts to maple bacon, I usually get an assortment of different ones I love them all  My favorite is the oreo donut!  It has crushed oreos all over it!   Theres usually a line out the door to get in, but it moves pretty fast!
4	Cute little place - I was glad there was a door on the other side to walk out! It's much smaller than I thought it was. The smell coming out of there was delicious. I had two small donuts that satisfied my sweet tooth. I asked for coffee, but apparently the coffee machine was broken. I would have appreciated some recommendations on where else I could get a cup of good coffee. I also felt pretty rushed when trying to order and pay..not to say I stood there attempting to decide.
2	They had a sight hint of old oil and were nothing but sugar overload. As far as looks go,  presentation was on point. They were incredibly cute. The staff was very friendly as well. Maybe I just came in on an off day. Can't say if I would try to test my luck again.
4	Fair price for the quality of what you get. The bacon maple is by far my favorite but I tired a bunch of other flavors today all very very good.
5	You owe it to yourself to have  these donuts.  They are the type of donut that makes life worth living on those sad mornings when you are questioning your life choices or when you hate the world.  You truly do feel peace and love after having 4 or 5 of these.  And...they are small so the guilt factor is much lower.  My recommendation - M&M.  SOOOOO good!
2	Meh:Actual Taste OF DonutsTexture/Freshness Of DonutsCashier/ServiceCons:PriceSuper Crowded Disorganized Small ShopDifficult To Read Menu Pros:Creative FlavorsCute Little DonutsSmells Yummy InsideThe donuts are okay and some flavors are pretty creative. It's not worth the price, since I've had way better FULL-SIZED donuts for less or the same price. The shop is very tiny so any more than 3 people inside at a time makes you feel as if you are trapped in a cardboard box. The pricing can be a little deceptive, because the photo display seems to only show the Signature or more expensive donuts without telling you their price. The cashier may tell you that a dozen is around 7.50 or so, but that is only if you stick to basically the sugar dusted donuts, like powdered or cinnamon sugar. If you choose any of the other flavors you will be charged about a dollar per donut even though they won't let you know when you are picking your flavors. It cost me a little over $13 for a dozen (since I got mostly Signature Donuts without knowing it). I got: S'mores, Samoa, Strawberry Shortcake, Maple & Bacon,  Oreo and Coconut. These are pretty dense cake donuts which I don't mind, but some of my friends didn't like it. I don't think my donuts were that fresh, which is what I was hoping for. Almost all of the donuts were REALLY SWEET and not enjoyably so (this coming from someone who likes to sneak and eat sugar cubes like popcorn every once in a while). Everyone enjoyed the Maple & Bacon flavor the most (because the large chunks of bacon helped balance out the super sweet maple frosting). I liked the Samoa the most because it's one of my favorite type of cookie! The Strawberry Shortcake was sickeningly sweet so I didn't finish it and the other flavors were just okay....MEHOverall the donuts are just alright and for the price I would expect better. If the donuts were outstanding price would not have been such an issue for me (but they weren't). It's a cute place to take your kids for a little snack if you are in the area, but if you are looking for something outstanding this is not the place. I would never travel out of my way to get these donuts, but I do plan to try another location (possibly Oakland) at a different time to see if I can get good fresh donuts before I give up completely on this little shop.
2	Not impressed. Donuts were ok but not great. It was more the service. 2 uninterested non friendly workers. I asked him 3 times how many donuts I had and he gave me a blank stare. Plus they didn't give me all the donuts I asked for. I.e 2 cinnamon 2 coconut and i got all coconut. Just not worth it.
1	Do they buy packaged donuts from Giant Eagle and throw some different toppings? Might as well. Those would taste better than here. I love donuts. I don't understand how the service here is worse than the sister store in Oakland. Awful.
5	I've been here twice in the past two months and have loved these little donuts!  Service has been fast and friendly.
1	Unremarkable, expensive, and run by neo-hippies and juggalos. Speaking as a donut freak and snob I was disappointed by the bland taste of the donuts here. They're fresh. That's the best thing I can say about them. I purchased a disco dozen for my family after an early visit to Pamela's. I had a coconut frosted for myself before driving the fifteen mins back home. Meh. Since they use plastic containers the toppings and frostings never had a chance to firm up. The whole box was a mess. I let the kids pick what they wanted after saving a glazed for my wife. For the first time no one asked for another. I even saw a couple half eaten in the garbage. That NEVER happens. My kids could give a cop a run for his money with their appetite when it comes to donuts. All in all there are much better choices for donuts in the area.
5	so delicious always fresh and warm!
4	They have a lot of variety and I think it's neat that they make the specialty donuts for you on the spot.  I tried maybe 6 or 8 flavors and they were all very good.  The only donut I didn't like was the one with bacon.  The bacon was too soggy in my opinion.  The strawberry cheesecake was very good.  I'm not a huge donut person but I went back the next week to get some more.
