3	I can't believe this place has been here for so long and I am the 1st to review it.  Weird.  Anyways...this place is just ok to me.  I like that its open til 6am, I like that they make strong drinks and the mini TV's at each booth for sports is cool too.  If I was with a group, this isn't a bad place to bs and do shots etc.  But the food just isn't great here.  Its just average Mexican imo.  3.5 stars is what I would give this place if I could.
4	Great Mexican food at a great price.  The restarunt has won many awards and is a local favorite.  Well worth the trip.
4	Really fast service for a Friday night. They brought out our drinks quickly, with chips and 3 kinds of salsa [mild, hot, and omgwtfhot]. The guacamole was pretty onion-y. Lay back guys.Two of us ordered cheese enchiladas. It was one of the cheaper meals, at 10.95. It came with rice and beans. The other ordered a burrito verde. Pretty huge, and a bit more [$13.95, I think] but very good.
4	A few years ago, I attended a blow out pre- Jimmy Buffet party at Ricardo's in the MGM.I mentioned that to a friend and he said - "it moved to Flamingo road and Decatur." He said Ricardo's had been in and out of the MGM on a few occasions.Remembering the good time I had previously, I could not wait to try it again.Ricardo's looks like a hacienda sitting on the corner of a strip mall.The entrance is tiled and the decor is very traditional - other than the many awards they have posted for "vegas best restaurant. "The service was good - they thought I would want to eat in the cantina, rather han the dining room since I was alone.....but I got seated in the dining room eventuallyThe margaritas are made with Cuervo, and were very good.The menu had an amazing number of choices ... and in addition the restaurant had a dinner buffet featuring a wide variety of dishes.Wanting to try a little of everything I went for the buffet and was glad I did.Even tried a little fried ice cream to finish the meal.A very enjoyable dinner.Nothing spectacular, but an enjoyable dinner.
3	Another late dinner, this time we were craving Mexican food, so we came to Ricardo's on a recommendation.  I ordered the Enchiladas de Verduras, when my food arrived, I was surprised to see my enchiladas smothered in Cheez Whiz...Yuck.I asked the waitress if she could get me a new plate with regular enchilada sauce and melted cheese, she was happy to oblige.  Overall, the food was not bad, but nothing to write home about.The waitress was wearing this odd country style flouncy mini dress complete with petticoat and her hair styled in 2 side buns...Only in Vegas...?
5	one of my favorites of all time. excellent food, great service, can't miss.
2	Well, my search for good Mexican food in Las Vegas continues.  I really wanted to like this place because the service was so friendly.  Unfortunately, my San Diego taste buds will not be returning.  The Good:+Great Service+Fresh chips+Complimentary bean dip+Carne Asada flavor+Large side of sour cream for only $1The not-so-good:-Iced tea-Salsa-Mushy rice-Dried out tortillas-Prices-Refried beans flavor and texture
3	Good atmoshpere.  Prices were a little high considering it's mexican.  But the enchiladas were too salty and the guacamole was flavorless.  You guys ever heard of LIME?  Its not just for tequila shots!
3	Yesterday I went straight from work to the LV Wranglers game, to see them get smoked by ontario. Needless to say, after a 10 hour shift at the pool, an awful hockey game, and 2 double jack and diets, I was craving some good mexican food. I used to live in San Diego, so I'll admit I can be a little snobbish when it comes to authenticity. So, I'll just start with that: this is not authentic, but still tastes good.From the start I was unsure what they were trying to be. From Flamingo I could see drink-promo banners and a neon "open all night sign".....standard for Vegas. The hostess wearing a flowy, brightly-colored salsa-dance dress led us past the gaming bar, to our booth which had a miniature television tuned to ESPN.  See why I was confused as to their overall goal? But, then they immediately served bean dip and 2 kinds of salsas with slightly stale tortilla chips....but don't worry I still ate them all. I ordered steak fajitas and the steak, peppers, onions, and sauteed mushrooms (?surprise!) were all very good. The condiments, tortillas, rice and beans, were only so-so. Overall, if you are tipsy, hungry, in the area, and its late night.... then its worth a stop-in. But, I wouldn't drive out of my way for it. However, I did grab a handful of Vegas mags on the way out: LV Weekly, Dine Out, Where, and CityLife..... all of which satisfied my Sunday morning coffee-reading ritual. So...thanks for that, and for my boyfriends bean-breath.
3	The wife and I were out running errands and it was getting late so we decided to stop by Ricardo's because it had been a while since our last visit. It was after 9pm, so we were seated in the bar area, which was fine because it was pretty chill for a Friday night. We both hadn't eaten since lunch, so we were excited for the chips and salsa. The chips are pretty fantastic, fresh and not too salty. The mild salsa was like cold tomato soup, but the medium had nice full flavor, though could have been chunkier. The bean dip tasted like bacon fat, and that is kind of a turn off for me. My wife had the veggie fajitas (minus the mushrooms) which tasted very good. I had a Chile relleno and cheese enchilada combo plate. The Relleno was decent, but the chile was super mild and not a lot of flavor. The enchilada was very good, and the sauce was just right, not too overpowering. I also got a Pacifico for $4.25 which wasn't too horrible. The portions are a bit smaller than other Mexican places (the plate filled me up, but I had no leftovers which isn't typical for me), and the prices are a bit high, but if you have a  hankering for some late night eats that won't give you a big of a gut bomb as say Roberto's (which I love, so no trash talk here), this is the place for you. It is also not a bad place for an everyday dinner either!
5	Excellent food and the best service one can ask for. Local favorite that's been established in Vegas for quite a while. Try the Burrito De Carne Asada.
3	Atmosphere is great. Good food. Service could be better. A good friend was visiting from out of town, so we got together for dinner, with a few other friends. There was a large party- maybe Graduation or a wedding, we weren't sure- but it was buffet style. There was entertainment in two forms- (1) a singer who looked like he was from the wild west or was it mariachi-like? It was black- had adornments all throughout- what do you think? (2) a balloon twister animal shaper maker- ok, I don't know what the exact term is, sorry- but anyway, he made some pretty neat shapes for the kids. Salsa and chips were very good- we needed more. Refills on water took forever. Our food took a while too, come to think of it. I had the fish tacos, which was good, not great, but good. I don't know if the poor service was because of the large party, but it could've been better. The tables were all occupied, where we were seated. So, it was busy all around. The bill was pretty good for our group of five, so the prices were not bad.I would be willing to try it again. Maybe it was an off night. The first time I ate here, was in college, and the restaurant was located either on Tropicana/Eastern corner or the Flamingo/Eastern corner. I did remember that the rice chicken dish that I had was really good.
4	Great service always.  Excellent place to grub and for you night owls it's open till 6am every night.  Most people are happy with the burrito Colorado, but I prefer the seafood enchiladas.  But they have a large variety.  The prices are from $9 to $20 ish.  As usual this venue does not fit the yelp $$ scale. :)
5	The best chimichanga around.....great service, nice atmosphere.  Always a great las Vegas meal.
5	I have been to Ricardo's quite a few times.  Although not in the best part of town, the restaurant inside makes you forget the surroundings.I have been there for Happy Hour and dinner.  Happy Hour is great!  You can have the drinks and any of the appetizers for HALF PRICE!  You can really eat a lot for very little.  Most of the appetizers are a lot of food.  One appetizer can be a meal.  There are flat screen TV's with closed caption at every booth.  Really cool.  It is a great place to hang alone or with friends.    You definitely have to try it! P.S. The dinners are great and priced just right.  Service is good too.
3	My husband and I go to Ricardo's about once a month.  We used to go more often but not so much anymore.  The food and service is alright, its excellent when the owner is present.  Its actually kinda funny since my husband I go there so much we know exactly when the BIG BOSS MAN is there just from the way the staff act...Suddenly we get the best customer service from the waitresses and waiters, & our food comes out super fresh & pronto!  BUT only when BIG BOSS MAN is in the restaurant otherwise you get lazy hostesses & so so service.  We ate last night, we were greeted by the staff which was amazing because normally the hostess has her head down as if she is too busy.   (Busy with god knows what when the restaurant is empty???) Tonight must be different  ahhh, I figured BIG BOSS MAN must be in.  The waitress took our order, food came out, super fast & fresh!  Wonderful.  We ate then waitress was no where in sight.  Ahhhh, BIG BOSS MAN left for the night.  BOO HOO.  Our waitress didn't come back to check on us to give us our check for another 15 minutes after we were already finished eating.  From what we have noticed, BIG BOSS MAN aka the owner is usually in late evenings after 9:00pm.
4	Ricardo's is just up the street from my work, and since my boss loves Mexican food it's another spot we end up going to a lot for our Friday office lunches. I always get the $9.99 lunch buffet. When there is a buffet that offers a full taco bar (chicken, carne asada and ground beef), enchiladas, tamales, rice, beans and more... why limit yourself by choosing off the menu?? We usually sit in the bar area, the service there is always on point. And the booths in the bar areas have their own televisions, great for my sport-obsessed coworkers.
4	Ricardo's is a great Mexican restaurant for Las Vegas but being from So Cal - the Mexican food there is at a whole new level of amazing.  The owner really cares about this restaurant and his employees and it shows.  When he is there when we have visited he walks from table to table and asks how we are doing.  And most of the waiters and waitresses are very kind and your food will come out quickly after ordering.Their complimentary chips with two different salsas and bean dip are delicious and are a perfect compliment to their amazing margaritas.Prices are very reasonable and the food is plentiful.  Standard Mexican "comfort" food.  I normally get their steak and shrimp fajitas.A nice side note... I love that this restaurant has credit card machines that go directly to your table to pay for your food - no sending the card to Siberia sometimes waiting for your slip to sign - the waiter doesn't even see your card.
4	I recently revisited Ricardo's last week (I hadn't been since 10 years prior). Service and service were good and efficient. Its open 24 hours and for us coming in so late all of the staff were in a pretty good mood. Margaritas were yummy! They also provided complimentary chips, salsa, and bean dip! Growing up in a hispanic household it is sometimes difficult to find good authentic mexican restaurants, Ricardos did it for me.
4	The food is tasty. It's nothing that's incredibly unique compared to other americanized mexican restaurants, but they serve a pretty scrumptious bean dip with the salsa and they have a billion flavors of margarita. The atmosphere is ok, Oh, and they're open late! Its a great place to keep in mind when you're super hungry, and its after most restaurants have closed. A good back pocket restaurant for sure!
3	Ok, Vegas is a city with many things... Great Mexican food is not one of them. That being said, Ricardo's is ok. Just ok. The service is usually great and the restaurant is large and great for big parties. I always judge a Mexican restaurant by the chips and salsa...and well, their chips are red and green, enough said. lolMany of the meals are tasty, but you can tell they've been prepared before hand and then warmed up again when you order. That is my biggest pet peeve in a restaurant, when they tell you not to touch the plate becuause it's hot. I want my food made to order, is that too much to ask?I'd recommend coming in for their taco buffet. The food is pretty good and the buffet is rather inexpensive. In a pinch, this place will do, but I prefer Bonito Michoacan or Lindo Michoacan overall.
4	So it helps when you visit this place and  get seated in the main section. The last  time we were here we sat in the bar, and everything was fine. This time we came in with some friends, and sat in the main area. We were greeted promptly by the friendly staff. I have to give some credit to our waitress as our group had two english only speakers, one spanish only speaker, someone who was bilingual and a child. Our waitress was able to easily switch back and forth between english and spanish to assist us. The salsa has definitely improved since our last visit. The medium was really chunky and the mild had much more flavor. The chips really are incredible here...probably the best I've had it town. Very crunchy, a bit oily but they are also very large. I had the taco salad. Its more of a hard shelled burrito than a salad. There is lettuce, but there are more beans and cheese than lettuce. The salad also has guacamole, salsa, sour cream and olives. I had without the meat, but you can get the meat on it. The portion was huge. After indulging in chips and salsa, I maybe conquered half of it. This place does have a roving magician/balloon animal artist. He was a little less aggressive than others I've seen, which was nice. We definitely had a better experience, and will probably be back.
2	First the service.  We asked for a kids menu for our 12 year old daughter, and the server thought we were kidding, ok.  I asked our server a second time and then the manager came by and informed us that the kids menu was for 10 and younger, making a joke that  fell flat about how my daughter needed to grow up and be a big girl and order from the regular menu.Why would a restaurant not allow her to order from the kids menu?  The food is priced acording to portion size any way, so whats in it for them to say no?The service was adequate but the experience was soured by the kids menu thing.  As for food its ok, i feel the food from robertos is far superior and less expensive.  Ricardos is a nice atmosphere for a meal, just dont bring your kids.
1	The food is just OK. I remember when Ricardos used to be a great place for Mexican food.  Today, not so much.  The main reason for the single star is how tue staff treated a 12 year old girl.  When asking for a kids menu for her the waiter actually asked "are you serious". He then leaves the table and comes back a few minutes later and ask if we're ready to order. Mind you he did not bring a kids menu. He was reminded that we had asked for one and he actually said " I thought you were joking". A couple minutes later this old biddy comes by with what looked to be a kids menu and says with a real snarky attitude "children's menus are for 10 and under". She the proceeds to snidely comment at the child "you're a big girl now".  Some people you just want to smack. But seriously, what's the big deal, she's a picky eater that doesn't eat much. So instead she was forced to order a full meal which she maybe ate 30% of. What a waste of food not to mention money. I'm not saying I won't go back to Ricardo's, but I guarantee it will be at least 1 year from now. With that and maybe this review dissuading at least one person will cost them more than if they would have just let a kid eat a kids meal.
4	I've come here twice already. The first night I came it was for a late night eat. This place is open from 11am - 6am, so it was perfect after a night of partying. We were seated and given chips, 3 different types of salsa, and water right away. The chips were very warm and fresh, which was surprising considering it was 2am.I opted for the Tostada Fiesta without sour cream (9.95) and my boyfriend got sirloin steak fajitas (14.95). It came within 10 minutes and boy did it look yummy! We both took a bite and it tasted just as good. The portions were very big, so we weren't able to finish, but we had some awesome leftovers. I highly recommend this place for late night dining. It's very mellow since there aren't many people dining and the lights are dimmed a bit to give it a romantic/relaxing mood. The second time we came here, it was for the $10 taco buffet. We found out about the it the first time we were here because the waitress suggested it. The place was a little more poppin' this time since it was around lunchtime and I'm sure there's a lot of regulars that enjoy the buffet. We were seated and given chips and salsa right away. Pretty awesome considering we were paying for the buffet and we still got complimentary chips n salsa. I also ordered a cherry coke and the waitress brought it with a couple maraschino cherries in the cup, which was a tasty little treat. We headed down the steps and to the buffet. It was rather small, but it had all the necessities to get your tummy to grow twice its size. There were tacos, chile relleno, enchiladas, rice, beans, fresh guacamole, salsas, carnitas, carne asada, shredded pollo, and even tostada bowls to make your own crazy concoctions, We both put as much food on our plates as we could possibly fit. We just wanted to make sure we tried everything and we sure did. Needless to say, by the end of our meals we were extremely full and very satisfied. The quality of the food was great, especially for the low price that you pay. I'd definitely come back again. You get the most bang for you buck with the buffet, but if you want a nice low key dining experience then come here for a late night dine.
2	Ricardo's failed at almost everything for me this weekend. The two stars are for the guacamole that was fresh and creamy and was portioned perfectly for sharing. Second star for the tasty cocktails that hit the spot for all of us. Dirty laundry list: Horrible service. Not only did our waitress seem to never be around when we did see her she avoided eye contact with our table like we were Medusa or something...strange. On two of her visits to our table she made rude remarks to us! The group of people I was with was not rowdy or obnoxious so I was really surprised to have such a hormonal waitress treat us so poorly. The food. Let's start with the basics. Chips and salsa. Chips, no complaints. Salsa, wait, there was salsa on my table? I thought that was red water with tomato chunks floating in it? Wow. It was awful, kids. They serve chips with two salsas and beans and neither salsa worked. It needed more salt, cilantro and onion. It was like baby food level of heat. Bullshit. Next I had cheese enchiladas with rice and beans and it was just alright. Boring at best. Ricardo's is a beautiful, clean restaurant but their delivery is all off. They've gotten lazy over the years and really need to work on their recipes and service so I'm not the last local native to be disappointed. No bueno Ricardo's.
3	Open 24 hours. Good food and very nice late night service.
2	Hmm. This place was pretty lame. The food is not yummy, and I cant believe the prices! 6.95 for a kids meal!? NUTS! The food is blah and the staff is nice. I woulda rather went to Viva Michoacan.
2	My friend suggested this place for dinner last. When I walked in, I thought it looked nice, clean, spacious & empty. I noticed they had a huge lunch buffet table when we were getting seated. Service was on point. Great staff. The chips were good, but I've had better salsa. The food was bland. I noticed that among our party of 6, none of us finsished our entire meal. The only reason I ate half of mine was because I didn't eat since 9am so I was famished. The food was no bueno. No wonder the restaurant was so empty. I thought for same price, I would rather go to Lindo Michoacan. At least they give you that really good soup w/ your meal. Sorry, maybe I'm just spoiled by the many options of other restaurants. When they were asking if we wanted to go boxes, I was thinking to myself. Hell no!  I thought their portable credit card machine was cool. It even has a button for you to have the choice of leaving a 15% or 18% tip.
5	I will totally be back!!The service was great! They were pretty busy for lunch and our server was very attentive.  The food was great and so were the prices. I wasnt sure if it was family owned, but I totally got that feel.
3	My best friends and I had dinner here on my last evening in Las Vegas. I was thinking, hmmm, Mexican. Not my favorite cuisine but I was willing  and it's all we could think of last minute. None of us were in the mood for anything else. No sushi, no Mediterranean, no Korean, no Greek... so we settled on Mexican.The servers name, and I'm not kidding, was Pancho Villa. He knew that was good for a laugh. Since my friend Joe speaks Spanish we got extra good treatment. Joe had a Margarita and Deb, a beer. There I sat with my water, casually mentioning to Joe that I prefer the frozen style Margarita. He rattled something off to the server and the next thing I knew, I had a frozen Margarita in front of me. Though I don't drink much anymore, I really appreciated that one and it was very well made.The chips were really good. Not sure if they make them on the premises but they tasted like they sure could have. I love the chips and salsa thing, even though it tends to destroy your appetite and then you have to fight to get your dinner down.Great atmosphere, service and the food was good. It was pretty typical Americanized Mexican fare but overall, it was pretty good. It didn't feel like a chain and I'm not even sure if it is. No matter, it was good and in the end, that's all that really matters.
3	Easy to find, nice atmosphere, really good food, I would return.
3	More of the same from this place, I'm afraid. The food has gotten more and more bland over the years. There really isn't anything I love on the menu and the only thing I kind of like here is the Ricardo's chicken, which is definitely a little overpriced. There are plenty of items that are ok, but just ok. Nothing amazing.The service is great and there is no shortage of people to refill your glass or take your order. That's a plus. I really want to love this place. The atmosphere is nice and it's still a great location for large parties with the expansive space they have and plenty of private areas, but the food just gets in the way of me loving this place. If you do come, I highly recommend their lunch buffet. Great deal, for what you get.If the food was better, this place would be heaven.
4	***Late Night***I had no idea this place was open until 6AM! I thought it was a restaurant-lunch-dinner type place- but no, not only do they serve food all night- but they have a bar and gaming open as well. And can I just say that the set up is pretty sweet, comfortable, chairs and booths plenty of room. This was my second time grabbin a bite at Ricardo's. The first time I fell in love with their mini rolled taquitos (chicken) which were meant to be an appetizer but the plate was so big it was the only plate I had- it was the only plate I NEEDED. YUMMY. The second time I had PORK ENCHILADAS- on the menu it states the flavor is AMAZING.. I dont know about amazing but it was very good! Once again the proportions were huge and I barely got through half the plate. Chips, salsa, and bean dip were delicious as well! I was impressed :D This place is a little pricey($11-15$ per plate) but I believe well worth the price.
4	I met a customer here for lunch on Friday. Ricardo's Mexican Restaurant is a large restaurant with plenty of parking and offers a lunch buffet in addition to their regular menu.We sat in the bar where each booth contains a flat screen TV.I ordered the killer guacamole and chips which were awesome and so addicting!  For my lunch entree I ordered  the combo - choices were a chili relleno and a beef enchilada which also came with beans and rice. The beef enchilada contained shredded beef and was tasty and the chili relleno was yummy too. The portion was large and I ate so many chips and guacamole that I couldn't finish everything.  Thank goodness I didn't go for the buffet.I'll return here again since this is my clients favorite place to dine.
2	It was easy to get a seat, considering it was on a weekday night and the place was virtually empty. The atmosphere is inviting and cultural, with a comfortable vibe and color everywhere. The booth we were at even had its own little television to watch! I really like the decoration of the place, it definitely invites you into the experience.Unfortunately, the food was bland at best. The bean dip with chips was okay, but the two other sides of what I thought was salsa and spicy salsa were too watered down and bland. Even the chips themselves didn't have any real kick or substance to them. I ordered the plan bean burrito, in which the rice was very bland and a little mushy. The burrito itself was nothing exciting, and I only ended up finishing half of my meal (and not taking the rest of it home with me).My boyfriend ended up finding a long, thick black hair in his food. We immediately told the bus boy, and while it took the manager a good minute to head over to our table, she was nice enough on removing the item from the bill. Our server also gave us a free margarita in place of it. While having a taste of the margarita (and minding they made that margarita kick!), their server either forgot to card him or felt obligated to get him his drink for free. Either way, there is absolutely no reason why he shouldn't have asked for ID in a town like this. That automatically wanted me to drop this review down to a one star.My conclusion is this place draws you in with the decor and beauty of the atmosphere, but it doesn't make up for the food. Ricardo's has a lot of potential if they offered new menu items if they decided to revamp what they already have with more flavor. Otherwise, I'd pass on this place.
4	Authentic and fantastic, that's all I am going to say.  Well make sure you try the chicken taquitos.
2	I recently had a work luncheon at Ricardo's, I had been before years ago and it was extremely unmemorable. This visit would be more memorable but for the wrong reasons. When given the choice, I prefer to order off the menu than choose a buffet. But the whole group went to the buffet and I didn't want to be the oddball. I had two carne asada tacos, cheese enchilada and chips & salsa. The enchilada was bland the only hint of flavor was the acidity from the tomatoes. The salsa, too, was bland and watery. The chips were pretty generic. The first taco was ok, a bit bland, but tender. The second was filled with grizzly meat. It really turned my stomach. Fortunately, the service was friendly and they were able to accomodate our large group.
4	I found this place decades ago. I was tired of eating at the hotels and had to venture out to search for a good place to call my own.Found this place by driving by and took a chance.Great place to eat If you want some good Mexican food.Place was quiet and clean.I had to bring my riend to try it out.Our server was efficient and served us right away. Prices are moderate. For 2 people  with an alcohol beverage $45.00.I had 2 beef soft tacos and it came with rice and beans, also a strawberry margarita that was good! bartender wasnt selfish on the tequila:-) I forgot what my friend had, but he loved it! We are happy customers!
4	I love Mexican Food, it is probably my third favorite food group ;) I was craving some Margaritas and Fajitas. Luckily we live in Vegas and there are restaurants that are open very late- so I found this little spot in the Southwest area. We sat in the bar area, where they offered gambling as well. I ordered a Medium size Mango Margarita- Delicious and was definitely very big! My boyfriend and I shared the Fajitas for two, and we ordered half chicken and half steak. The fajitas came on a sizilling hot plate, with guacamole, pico, sour cream, rice, beans, roasted onions tomato's mushrooms and peppers topped with cilantro ..... YUMThey also give you free table side chips with salsa and bean dip. I am not a huge fan of bean dip, but their bean dip was amazing. The service was okay nothing over the top, and our server Kim was very nice, even when our order was messed up. I had a great time and we had enough for leftovers. Definitely a great place for a midnight snack :)
2	I really like the atmosphere in the dining room at Ricardo's, but every time I visit, there seem to be problems.It was a bit late when four of us went for dinner.  We were ushered to a table in the lounge, but asked to be seated in the dining room.  We didn't know it was already closed, but nevertheless, the hostess seated us there.  Definite props for that.We started with an appetizer combo plate, which was very good.  For the main course, I ordered Carne Asada, medium rare.  At other Mexican restaurants, this steak has an inimitable flavor. It came out of the kitchen fully well-done, and the only flavor I tasted was salt.  By this time, I was full enough from the appetizers that I just sipped my margarita and didn't have them replace it.  I knew that without that special flavor that I know and love, a less-cooked replacement wouldn't be much better.  And that's the big disappointment at Ricardo's.  The food just isn't worth the trip.
5	I love this Ricardo's. It has been around since I was a little kid! They have great chips, salsa and they serve bean dip for free. And the Margaritas are the bomb! They have a lunch buffet, but I also go with the enchiladas or the combo plate. I love love the pork tamales. The corn isnt too dry and the meat is nice and tender. The shredded chicken tacos are also very yummy. Good solid Mexican food any day of the week.
2	Far from being good Mexican food. The rice has no flavor, tastes like plastic. The only thing that has good taste are the chips because both the salsa and the homemade beans are bland. We had a really nice server but he only stopped to see if we needed anything else hmmm...0 times! I did like how they bring you a mini pitcher for your beverage refills. Overall I thought I was way too expensive for the bland food that doesn't even deserve to be called a Mexican Restaurant.
4	Came here after a long day spending at casino waiting for friend finishing playing.Then came to Ricardos for a nice greeting crew, and margaritas.Then have Vero our waitress which outstand the service.The food was cook properly and then the end was amazing.Price is ok, and definitely recommended.
5	Since moving cloeer to this area, I needed to find a new closer Place to get my burrito and Margarita fix without driving so far.I am VERY dissapointed usually with the margaritas and most places, they are from the machines and are disgusting... BUT i asked for a Blended Fruity Margarita and got the MOST delicious smooth fruitiest Margarit ever! OMG delicious!The food was amazing, we had the special. A Lobster Shrimp Enchilada. There was a lot of Shrimp in there, not so much Lobster. But anyways, it was like an orgasm on a plate. I swear!The chips and salsa was nice as well, the hot and mild salsa is awesome and they give you a great bean dip. Since I LOVE beans but yet had to go to work... i didnt have to much of it. But the little amount I had, was SO good!!The staff is SO friendly, and SO fast. Awesome for a close to the strip restaurant.The prices are ... a little higher.. but yet we are closer to the strip.
3	Mexican only has about 5 ingredients, but Ricardo's does them in about a million combinations! As well as having the traditional meats they also offer a lot of fish (pescado) & even lobster (tho we had the lob tacos & I was a little creeped out...) On weekends there is a buffet which is only $10, less than most entrees, & it looked pretty decent.Overall, I would say its good but not great. The margaritas are worth a trip though.
1	My family & I dined at Ricardo's tonight for dinner... we thought that the food was very average and the prices were way too expensive!!!!  One taco with rice & beans is $10.50 and a kids meal with a drink was $6.75- I ordered a Carne Asada Burrito without beans and I was charged and additional $1.00 on top of the $11.95 because they claimed that I got extra meat (which I never asked for).  We will never return to this establishment- what a huge disappointment!
2	I've visited Ricardo's so many times and it's always been very good. However, today the experience was less than what I expected and unfortunately I brought a guest who was visibly not impressed. Food was mediocre with very dry chicken in both entrees and salsa was bland. Iced tea was weak. Service has always been very good and this trip was no exception which is why I give this site 2 stars instead of 1.  I'll give it another chance but not right away.
5	Ricardo's is/has been my one-and-only, legit Mexican restaurant for as long as my memory recalls. I even remember having my like 4th or 5th birthday here! Sidenote: They used to have one of those Southwest-style-decor lookin cow skulls on a wall in the back dining room just to scare my little girl pants off. Haha! I've grown up (a little) now, and the scary-cow-head decor is long gone, but I still love to come here whenever Mexican food is what I'm craving. Their margaritas are seriously amazing, especially the PRICKLY PEAR, mmmm!!! A pitcher pours you like four fatty margs, and for less than $20/pitcher, that's cheap as shit for the quality and the location. Seriously, I dare you to find a better marg in Vegas. Plus, everything that I've tried on the menu has been great, from tacos and tamales, to fajitas and chile rellenos. I don't think you can possibly go wrong with any type margarita or food you may choose to order at Ricardo's. :]x
5	Fantastic,I have been going to Ricardo's for years for their excellent food, so we decided to have them cater our company party.The food was excellent, everyone loved it, plenty to go around and the cost was very reasonable.Thank you!
5	Great, good service staff, good food, good lunch buffet, price is fair and very nice looking place.  I have eaten there about 50 times in the last 4 years and it never misses the mark.  Traditional mexican food and a family run place good for lunch or the family.  Also they have a quiet bar if you like to go for a quite date.  Always plenty of parking and rarely a wait to get seated.  My kid likes it too and the kid menu is affordable.
1	disgusting. crap.the chips- tastelessthe sauces for them- watery/bland and the bean one looked like it had been sitting out since new years.taco- vile, stringy, oldbeans- prison slop "goop/sledge"rice- microwave 4 day old soggy and hard in otherssteak- grilled unseasoned even the tortilla were hard....absolutely vile- avoid at all costs....(and fyi the service sucked.)
5	My wife and I were pleasantly surprised at Ricardo's a few days ago for its half-off "Happy Hour" and discounted "Early Dinners".- We had Large Margaritas on the rocks with salt (~$6.50@ happy hour);Quesadillas and Pollo de Ricardo's off their "Early Dinner Menu". Our Margaritas were wonderful in taste and GIGANTIC in size; dinner dishes were absolutely delicious and sufficient in quantity. We also loved its warm and crispy tortilla chips, as well as the two different salsas and bean paste! The HOT version of salsa could have been a touch spicier, though.- The hostess and waiting staff (waitress and the one who brought out chips and water) were friendly and efficient. Our waitress was also quite helpful in offering her recommendations and explanations of house specialties.- The restaurant is huge and its Mexican decor tasteful and inviting. Some quarters can be very nice for private groups. Yes, it has a nice, intimate bar area, but one can have HH anywhere in the dining room, too, besides its bar. We will definitely go back to Ricardo's again!Peterskis, Mar 2012----
2	I used to love this place-authentic Mexican food. No more. Bad service and poor quality ingredients.
3	My first date with my husband was at a Ricardo's location that no longer exists so I have a certain fondness for this restaurant.  A good feature is they are open late so swing shift employees can get a bite to eat after work.  However, I find the food to be middle of the road Mexican.  Not disgusting but certainly not great.
5	Love, LoVe, LOVE Ricardo's Mexican Restaurant. My family has been going there for  more than a decade and has followed the restaurant through it's various locations over the years. It's worth it. Hands down best mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Not only is their food top-notch, but the service is always friendly. When we moved here from Phoenix we missed a certain appetizer our old Mexican restaurant offered (melted cheese and mushrooms inside a warm tortilla). While Ricardo's doesn't offer this dish, they're still willing to make it when we ask every time we come in, providing a little taste of home in the big city.My #1 recommendation - The margaritas are superb. Order the largest one they have (we affectionately call it "the trough" in my family). Also, paying the extra for top shelf tequila is definitely worth it. You won't regret it.  Hope you find this review helpful.
1	My friends and I just returned from Ricardo's after one of the  most horrific restaurant experiences ever! The food was less than mediocre, our server was extremely rude and there was no one in management to complain about our experience.The events are:1.  No tableware for all of us.2.  Server did not know the order numbers per dish although, they are listed in that format on the menu and proudly said, "I don't use the numbers. You are going to have to give it to me by the item." After, one gave the order number again, she said, "you are giving me the order number again. I just need the items."3.  Server returned and informed they were out of certain foods and asked if we wanted substitutions which we did.  However, she did not ask the person if she wanted a replacement for the soup that was out of stock and walked away.  Fortunately, the person who ordered soup did not want a replacement.4.  Our drinks were not refilled until we asked our bus person (good service) and continued to supply the refills, not the server.5.  When food was ready she asked, "who got the one with two enchiladas? Who got the one with the tacos?" Very unprofessional.6.  On one order, the cheese on the beans was burnt.7.  On another order, there was sour cream although I asked for it not be included. The server questioned and doubted that I made that request. Then she said that they were too busy and the kitchen was making mistakes because of this (many, many empty tables).6.  Finally, when presented the bill, we noticed we were overcharged (the substitutions).There was an attempt to make a complaint to  management but there was no manager on duty.  The server wanted to speak to the person making the complaint but he was done with her horrible attitude.  She then returned to our table and said, "I am sorry that my service sucked but you could have talk to me about it" as she aggressively picking up our plates.  She explained why the bill was broken down but didn't bother to do this when presenting it.  I explained to the above complaints and she "well, I am sorry I sucked!"Finally, we left the restaurant in a horrible mood and our server's attitude was outrageous and extremely unprofessional.  Her excuses and lack of service were apparently due to their heavy business but it was not very busy at all.We do not recommend this restaurant, but highly  recommend for Chef' Robert Irvine's show- Restaurant Impossible!
3	This was my second visit to this place and we all were in agreement the bean dip and chips were the bomb! Actually most of our meal was good! The only bad or down side is how can you only get two small meatballs in a albondigas soup? Come on man!! Really!?!?? Otherwise the lunch was fine!Now, this does not mean I will not be going back..for lunch. :-)
4	Bar none, they have the best Fajitas in town...and I've been to literally every other mexican restaurant of note.  Always a nice atmosphere and service, too.  We literally drive about 20 minutes out of our way just to go here when we get a hankering for fajitas.I've had friends order other dishes and it looked pretty run-of-the-mill and they were not particularly impressed.I would give it 5 stars on Fajitas and 3 on the other stuff, so 4 averaged.
4	They have an awesome been dip...! Margarita's are pretty desent.  My friend had her wedding reception here and it was lovely. They had a gorgeous Mexican theme table setting. The food was delicious, the variety was huge... my favorite was the Green Salsa with meat & guacamole was great, very fresh...!
1	The owner contacted my husband a few days later and was shocked to hear of our experience and offered a free lunch. However, I find it hard to believe he was shocked of this experience considering all the negative posts on  Yelp!There are many other Mexican food restaurants in this town to with better food, excellent service and at a great value!
5	Effen awesome! Even at 11:30pm but happy hour starts at 12:00am. Chips, entree
4	Ricardo's is a nostalgic place for me. I began eating at the old Trop/Eastern location when I was a young child. I remember a school friend's dad being a waiter... YEARS later, to my surprise, he still works at the remaining location. loved it then, I love it now. I can't say the service or food is mind-blowing but I like the ambiance & appreciate the consistency & the tradition of dining there. The chips & salsa are always yummy in my tummy & devoured in the blink of an eye. I almost always have the fajitas. They are perfect, except the tragically disproportionate onion/bell pepper/mushroom ratio: 96 onions, 2 green peppers, 1 red pepper & 1 mushroom. I've since started ordering the veggie ones. Don't be alarmed to see broccoli, carrots & cauliflower added in lieu of the meat. The texture & flavor is out of this world. There is a lunch buffet patrons favorite, as well. Their chile relleno isn't the best. The chile Colorado is flavorful. The enchiladas aren't too shabby. Their strawberry margarita tastes mildly of tomato. But, overall, I highly recommend this Vegas oldie but goodie for your Mexican food fix.
4	Was invited to a surprise party at this location over the weekend.... didn't know what to expect, but as soon as you walked in, u felt welcome. It has a warm, friendly atmosphere.  Perfect place to hold such gatherings, as they had a few different private areas.  We also had our own buffet, which worked out great for such an event.  The workers were all attentive and the food was good! Would be back another time for some dinner and drinks! Great place for large parties too!!!
4	This is a pretty standard Mexican fare in Las Vegas... the food was good and the service extremely friendly. I had the carnitas meal and a friend had the carne asada tacos. Both of the meals were served with refried beans, rice, and choice of corn or flour tortilla. The meat was actually not dry and was very flavorful. The chips they serve are fresh and go amazing with the bean dip. The prices are reasonable and the service was attentive and friendly. I would say they are on par with Bonito/Lindos.
4	This was my first time here.  Had a nice time. The food was good, the staff pleasant and menu selections gives a wide variety to choose from.I really liked the pitcher of margarita options.  Mango was the BOMB!!!  Next time I will have them mix the pineapple & strawberry together--sounds good to me.Everyone enjoyed their meals so that was a plus++++When time to pay up--it was great to see how they handle credit cards.  Instead of taking your card away to process, they do it at the table on a hand held charge machine.  GREAT!!!!
4	The food was good, would have given 5 stars,but our server Manny was a little rude and inpatient. Manny did seem to pull it together when he took our order for dinner. Overall I recommend for good tasting Mexican food,but management needs to teach Manny some manners.
2	I've been going to Ricardo's for a long time and even before they closed and re-opened. The staff is still as friendly as ever, but the food during my last two visits didn't even make mediocre. When a Mexican restaurant can't get nachos right, something is wrong. Ricardo's nachos have always been the best in town. Unfortunately, not so much any more. Last night we dined there again and this time I ordered the taco salad. The taco shell was so stale and soggy that it had no crisp to it. I brought it to the attention of the server and he apologized. My friend had the Colorado something or other and said it was good. This is my third visit in a row to Ricardo's where my meal was far less than expected so, you know what they say, three strikes ....
4	Ricardo's still hits the spot for me.  I hadn't been in a couple of years so I was worried based on some reviews. My Chile Colorado was exactly what i remember; tender and flavorful.  Don't forget about this institution just because it left the strip. Want another reason to go,  its now open 24 hours.
1	I thought this place was awful. The service was super slow. The portions were small, prices were mid range but given the portion size disappointing. The food was generic. I could have made a better meal at home. I will not return.
2	This is actually a 2.5 star review. Wonderful service but the food is very "white" as far as Mexican food goes and a bit pricey as well. I prefer more authentic grub and items that look a bit more fresh. I did not like my Carnitas Verde Burrito at ALL but thankfully my husband agreed to trade and his Colorado Burrito was good. My favorite thing about my lunch was the bean dip that came with our chips!We will NOT be returning to Ricardo's.
5	My friend and I stopped in here for margaritas on Thu/15 Nov around midnight.5-stars because:- Both the bar & kitchen are now open 24/7 (awesome for late night munchies).- Margaritas come in three sizes and we each had a "small" for $7.50/ea.  The smalls were a pretty good size, margarita tasted great.  - Waiter also provided a free basket of chips (with regular and those black nacho chips) with 3 dips (salsa, bean, guacamole).  Even though we weren't ordering any food when my friend asked for a chips & dip refill the waiter happily obliged with bringing us a new batch of chips (both types) and dips (all 3 types).- So, awesome service.
1	Horrible salty food! Chapalas mexican food is the best in Las Vegas hands down!
2	Last Friday night when my flight got in late around midnight I was ready for some hot grub, but not fast food.  So, after some quick research, yelp reminded me that Ricardo's is 24 hours.  It's been a long while since we've ate there because we're quite fond on Bonito Michoacan, but at midnight their doors were already long closed.   The first thing we noticed was that their prices are quite high when compared to similar restaurants in the area.  Being quite hungry, I ordered one of the steaks that was described like adabada style seasoning.  I was really disappointed; it tasted so bad I didn't finish it and I didn't desire a doggy bag to save it.  I just had them toss it out.  Bf ordered the Huevos Rancheros and said it was just OK.  I had remembered this place being much better in my recollections.
5	Just went to Ricardo's restaurant for the first time tonight.Food was very good and great service.Had Steak Fajita,wife and son had steak and shrimp.Only problem we had was they brought out 3 steak and shrimp but they let us keep the shrimp and brought out extra order of steak,so NO PROBLEM!!!!!!!!! Our waiter was Pancho and he was great.Excellent service.I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that's looking for a good Mexican restaurant in town.Reasonably priced,very good food,excellent service.I left there stuffed and had food to take home.
5	I love this place I have ate here many many times. The nachos are great but everything is amazing. The service is great and the new bartender is super cool! 5 starts is and easy rating.
5	My husband and I have been coming here for  a few years now  and the meals and service never disappoint. We always get the nicest servers. My oldest son loves coming here as well because the servers are very friendly towards children. It's very relaxing, the food is always great. They are constantly checking up on you. I love them!
4	I've been here a few times. The first couple of times was for work functions. We had a good sized group of people and the restaurant was very accomodating giving us a the baquet room in the back. The first year we all got the lunch buffet. I don't personally recommend that. Its fine but as it is a buffet it is not always the most fresh. I prefer ordering off the menu.  The food is generally good. The taco filling is great whether it be shredded beef or chicken. The shell, however, is premade and fresh out of a box. The tamales are good. A nice balance of meat and mazza. The rice is on par with most other places. The beans are loaded with cheese. Tonight I saw the biggest bowl of menudo I've ever seen. I was amazed at how much of it a 10 year old was able to eat though he could not even come close to finishing it. I would not have finished one bite. I smelled it and and lost my appetite. It smells like poo. I mean no offense to all of the people who do like menudo. I just don't want my food smelling like the farm I grew up on. I'll pass. Everything else though is all right by me.
3	Nice lunch buffet and service is average. Open 24/7 which is a plus
4	Lunch with my favorite PR guy in the world. Remember the 1st two letters in Profit is PR. This our lunch favorite clearly Bruce is a regular here and I can see why had the vegetarian quesadilla awesome! Most places give you peppers and onions but they give you cauliflower, carrots and spinach very tasty. That atmosphere is very relaxing and the staff is very good. I enjoy my lunch outings at Ricardo's and I look forward to returning here again.
5	This location is quite a way from our home so we usually meet for date night right after work.  I know there are a lot of Mexican restaurants in town but this is one of the best to me.  We had family in last time there.  All of our food was great and the server was funny (I believe his name was Poncho), personable and helped us celebrate the occasion.
2	This was the consensus of the group of 4 of us that visited Ricardo's for lunch.  We did not partake in the lunch buffet for $11.99, but instead ordered off the menu.  Guess that was a mistake!Two of us ordered carnitas tacos - it was dry, hard strips of meat (not shredded or cubed), more like leftover from the fajitas, with a teaspoon of diced onion, but NO cheese, no salsa, no tomato, no lettuce, that's it.  Tasteless, hard meat.  Two of them.  The beans were fine, but it's hard to screw those up, as was the rice. One person had enchiladas, very average enchiladas with very little filling and a whole lot of sauce on top!  Nothing to make your belly smile, that's for sure. Another person had the tortilla soup -- and there was NO CHICKEN, but loads of celery!!  Must've been cheap that day . . . it was more of a veggie loaded soup with chicken broth.  Another person had the meatball soup (not sure what the proper Mexica name is), but there were TWO tiny meat balls.  That's it.  And a whole lot of dark broth.   I LOVE chips n salsa -- they also had a bean dip and green salsa, all were pretty good, not the best ever, but enough to have me optimistic about my meal.  The chips were the kind I like, crispy, corny with just enough salt.  It is because of the chips n salsa that this is a 2-star (and not a 1-star) visit.  The place was pretty busy for lunch, but most dined at the buffet.  Perhaps that's your best bet.  They do make some nice sized margaritas, but we didn't have any this trip.  It wasn't good, it's highly unlikely I'll revisit, but I'm glad I tried it as I drive by it enough and have always wondered.  Now I know ! :)
3	I LOVE HAPPY HOUR HERE! cheap drinks and appetizers Monday-Friday 3-6pm and the super late night happy hour Midnight-4am.Try the Pineapple/mango margarita on the rocks with Patron. My favorite!!  The chips and salsa are pretty darn good. Although I came for happy hour we also had a birthday dinner here after happy hour. our party was seated immediately and our orders were taken pretty quickly, they divided our checks for us, I thought that was nice of them allot of places don't like to divide checks. The food came quickly and our waiter was pleasant. The food was not bad but it was not the BEST Mexican food I've had either. The restaurant seemed a little stuffy and warm. I asked our waiter if he could adjust the temp. and that was taken care of as well.I recommend this place for large parties and for Happy hour!
5	Locally owned an operated and I love that about it!  The owner is there all the time to greet you and take care of you.  The food is really good.  BEWARE: Chips are yummy and addictive!!
2	My family got there just in time for happy hour but they don't serve happy hour at the table, you have to literally goto the bar.  We also don't know what was available for happy hour because you only get to see that menu/special in the bar area.  So we were VERY disappointed.  At the very least they should advertise it in the regular dining room so people will know for next time and will come back and goto the bar area.  Dinner was good, but not great.  We were going to order some margaritas and they sounded really yummy on the menu and even saw another table with some, but there were no prices on the menu which means EXPENSIVE!!  So we didn't order any drinks.  No real complaints.  We of course waited for our check and that took awhile (not uncommon for most places)  We came back about 2 weeks later for the fajita lunch buffet and we were the only ones enjoying the buffet and it was yummy but they weren't setup for it and some of the items were cold.  We were disappointed and won't be back for it.
4	I was given a gift card to this place from work, so we thought we'd give it a try and MAN im glad we did!The fresh chips and salsa (2 salsas actually, and warm beans too) kept coming and were always fresh. Then I had a large margarita...it is LARGE!!! Very good, and very big (the wife drove home!). Taco and enchilada were great, my wife had a chimi which she said was moist and great. Our daughter loved her chicken fingers (i also liked her french fries).Our waiter, Sacramento, was 100% AMAZING. Funny, nice, treated our daughter like she was a grown adult (shes 3) and was very nice and punctual.Between the great food and Sacramento's service, we will be back!!!
3	Was looking for a decent Mexican restaurant off the strip and came across this little gem. I'll break down this review based off of the items I had to eat & drink.Chips: Were super crisp fresh and delicious.  I found these chips much better than the average fair you find at a Mexican restaurant.Salsa: They give you three different dips to try.  The bean dip is out of this world delicious, like others have mentioned it is really good.  The green salsa was more of a light Avocado salsa and had a nice flavor and just enough heat. The tomato red salsa was bland and watery with no flavor at all.  Was really disappointed with the red salsa compared to how good the others were.  Cheese Enchilada: Probably one of the BEST I've had in quite awhile. The sauce had a rich deep flavor and the spices were balanced well. The tortilla was not soggy and filled with delicious gooey cheeses. Chicken Taco: The chicken was very flavorful although the tortilla was a little on the stale side.  The toppings were good but very minimal.  Beans & Rice: One word OUTSTANDING! Really creamy beans that had a nice texture and the rice had some great flavor with the traditional peas in the rice.Margarita: Had a Mango Margarita and it was average to good.  Nothing to special but nothing bad either.  Overall a great experience with a very friendly staff.  "Freddie" was a great waiter who was super attentive and funny.  Well be back!
5	In town for the weekend and a friend wanted Mexican food. We went to this place right after the lunch hour. Great chips and various dips, GREAT margaritas, and Great food! We were so happy with the food and drank....yes drank! I need a nap from one margarita.
1	Went based on a nbrs high rave review.  Worst.food.ever.  Everyone had leftovers, no one thought it was good enough to take back home.I generally don't take leftovers home anyways because no one really eats it...but my husband ALWAYS wants to take left overs home...even if no one eats it later.  He had to leave in the middle of our meal and DID NOT ask to take the leftovers home.  WOW.Best part:  the free chips and trio dipping selection (beans, salsa, and green dip)They brought this out first, we thought wow!  We're in for a treat!  if this is THIS GOOD, that neighbor must have been right when he said we're in for a treat at this place.  we were so wrong.  It goes to show everyone had different taste buds, and his and ours are incompatible.
1	Ill nvr eat this bullshit again, rip off, defiantly not wor the money or the time,,,hostess ok 10 minutes to seat us o a table
4	Best carne asada steak. Very tender and juicy.  Free fresh chips with 3 dips was a nice plus.
5	The lobster tacos were really good.  My wife had the lobster and shrimp enchiladas that she could not stop talking about.   Great salsa and dips and it is open 24 hours  a day.  They have a buffet at lunch.Jesse
5	Yes! So wonderful. Staff was excellent was food was yummy, a little pricey for above average Mexican food but still a wonderful experience.
5	Lobster tacos are perfect!  It's only been an hour since I've had them and I already want more.  Great location, food, drinks and service. I'm a pretty hard person to please and this place more than met me expectations. Must try.
5	I classify Mexican food into two categories: "Tex-Mex" and "Authentic Mexican". I usually don't eat Authentic Mexican food unless I'm in Mexico, New Mexico, East Los Angeles, or Texas. I've been to this place a few times in the past usually between 11AM and 3PM, but I woke up at 7AM this morning with a craving for Tex-Mex, so I went there at 8AM because they're open 24hr/day. I really didn't know what to expect at that hour (maybe they only served Mexican omelets or huevos rancheros, etc.), but it turned out that they offered the regular full menu.I got the combination plate, which is usually what I get if I go to Cabo's or Garduno's, but I'd have to say that Ricardo's was better than the two aforementioned restaurants.I can't explain how it was better, but there was something in the seasoning that reminded me of the food in Mexico. The rice was very soft and the refried beans had no lumps of beans, both of which I liked very much and is not the case with other restaurants.There was only one man there, who acted as host and server, and he treated me like family. He even said, "Would you like chips and salsa, or is it too early?", which I thought was very efficient, and it would be the same thing that I would say at 8AM (of course I answered, "Absolutely").I drink a lot of iced tea, and after I downed the first glass in 60 seconds, he put a carafe of it on my table, which is what I would do as well (I ended up drinking two carafes). I wish that I brought my i-phone so I could've taken a picture of the combination plate, because the taco shell was not a regular taco shell, but more like a tortilla that was deep-fried. They also took the stem off of the chili relleno, which again, I thought was great, and I can't remember any other restaurant doing that.I told the waiter exactly what I just wrote, and he was very gracious and said that he would relay my sentiment to the chef. He also mentioned that they get all their ingredients from California, which made sense.I don't know what more I can say. It was very, very good.Now, I have to add a third category for Mexican food: "Authentic Tex-Mex".
3	I went to Ricardo's mid-week with a large group from work. We were not offered menus, but it may have been pre-arranged that we were all getting the buffet. Our party was seated in the buffet area with some literally having those lining up for the buffet rubbing up against them. The carne asada tacos at the buffet were outstanding. The remaining items were all middle-of-the-road, standard buffet grub you can get at any casino buffet.The staff was very friendly and did a good job keeping up with drink refills and clearing empty plates. I have yelped before that I am not a big fan of mandatory gratuities, especially eighteen percent at a buffet. I still think it is ridiculous, but after our waitress Debra told us she had been with Ricardo's for thirty-four years, it was a little more tolerable. Hats off to Debra for her years of service. Ricardo's must be a great place to work, as all of the employees I encountered seemed to be happy and eager to please.The buffet was $12.50 including a beverage and was average at best, except for the CA tacos. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Average food.
5	Great drinks, friendly staff, creative food (I am talkin' Lobster Floutas for God's Sake These people are not fooling around here)what the devil else do you people want? Good prices you say? Well here you go, you have found your place!And lets talk happy Hour for a second shall we. I had more than a Touch Of The Creature and my bill was so low, I was sure either they had made a mistake, or my vision was so blurry I was reading my tab wrong. I asked (hey I am an honest kind of Cat) they assured me it was correct. In short get out to this place and enjoy the great food, drink and staff! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Would give less then a star if I knew how. my girlfriend had a meeting in the area so we decided to grab a quick dinner. chips and Salas were decent.  my girlfriends Margarita tasted like mountain dew and salt.  she got a cold Mexican pizza  and I got the chicken taco combination plate. My girlfriend didn't eat lunch, so she forced down a quarter of her frost bit meal. I took one bite of my taco, attempted to eat my rice and cheese soaked beans, but they tasted dirty.  I quickly ask for my check and 15 minutes later got to pay and leave.  Terrible Mexican food, terrible service, bar area or customers in bar area which I was force to sit in, although I stated I did not want to repeatedly, wreaked of smoke. Will never consider going back, would rather get a rat burrito from the taco bell across the street.
1	This place sucks...... no seafood..... service is not great and people are not too friendly.after asking the waiter if they offered any seafood at all he just replied with" you have the menu,read it,I will be back"
3	Man havent been here in ages. Ricardos is #oldschool
5	Wow my family came once and so we came here for my bday today.They got us in as a party of 10 right away and were very accommodating! The server was AMAZING and interacted well with everyone including children... Honestly it was very impressive. They gave me an awesome flan for my bday dessert and sang for me:)The manager came over and everyone was very pleasant.Now, the food was off the chain with the lobster tacos, the halibut, and the peach margaritas!!! Simply just a great place for a friendly atmosphere:)
5	Ricardo's did not disappoint! The chips & salsa were amazing....the servers were extremely helpful & attentive. But more importantly, the food was excellent! I would highly recommend this restaurant if you want great food away from the craziness of being on the strip!
5	Right off the bat, we liked the decor and atmosphere. Not too loud, casual, and not overly decorated as many Mexican restaurants can be. Our waiter, Freddie, had a great personality and made jokes keeping it interesting. They give an extra small soda pitcher so you're never out. Kept checking on us, food was great. Boyfriend had the diablo steak which has a spicy sauce he raved about. Mom had the chile colorado and said meat was perfectly tender, sauce was fairly good but not the absolute best. I had the chicken burrito and I couldn't complain- simple and good. My margarita was good, didn't specify a size and was given a medium which was pretty big.. Only $10! We will definitely be back. :)
5	I just had an amazing dinner-- service was excellent they were on top of everything especially during Super Bowl --- and the food was delicious - thank you Juan and  Tovar for great service and to the friendly hostess
2	I was invited to this place for lunch and they were serving a lunch buffet. The food buffet didn't look so good or fresh. At the same time, it wasn't really a buffet either because there was a lady serving it. Anyway, I tried the chili relleno, enchilada, rice, bean and a carne asada taco. All of it tasted like frozen food being microwaved, not to mention the cheese on top of the enchilada was burnt and had a weird taste to it. My tummy hurt as soon as I finished tasting these items. So gross. I should have eaten just the chips and salsa only. Don't know how much the lunch costs but really, who'd pay for this?
4	We love this place. What is there not to like? Open 24/7, great atmosphere, salsa dip trays the best, huge Margaritas, good food. Price is right. Only negative is running your credit card at your table and asking how much tip to put on it. Com'on, have a little more class, your place is too nice for this kind of behavior.
2	This was my first visit to Ricardo's as this was where my Mom decided to take me for my birthday dinner.I had heard both good and bad reviews so I kept an open mind to decide for myself.It kind of reminds me of the American style Mexican food of El Torito's from back in the day.I decided to get the steak fajitas and my Mom decided on a combination plate that included an enchilada, taco and chile relleno. The taco was horrible, she took two bites and was done with it, the enchilada was sad however she liked the chile relleno.I enjoyed the chips and dips they bring out to enjoy prior to your meal being served.My iced tea was good and I like that they give you a carafe so that you can refill yourself, maybe because the food is a bit dry?My steak fajitas was not that great, dry and almost too much of that charred burnt taste as I think they really let them sizzle for way to long prior to serving them. The rice and beans were bland and cold. I really wanted to like Ricardo's more than I did and it was actually disappointing to say the least.Well I can scratch this restaurant off my list for places to try and revisit. It was my birthday, not sure how they found out but they did bring me a tasty piece of complimentary flan with a candle and sung to me. However as sweet as that was, it was not enough to salvage the poor quality of fake Mexican/Spanish food they serve.When the complimentary chips and dip is better than the meal, that is not a good sign!
3	Came Friday night about 9pm & was immediately seated.Waiter soon after took our drink order.Chips, Bean Dip & 2 side salsas arrived shortly thereafter. Chips were warm, crispy & fresh. I know some have complained  about the chips but ours was very fresh & warm. Bean dip was awesome as others have raved. Especially when dipped into the guacamole like salsa, which was very good. The other salsa (red) was somewhat watery & too mild. I love breakfast regardless of time of day, so ordered Chorizo con Huevos & wife ordered the special Lobster seafood Enchiladas. Both orders came with rice & beans and Chorizo came with tortillas.Chorizo was cooked the way I like & tasted ok but lacked that reddish residue oil which would have greatly improved taste & moisture? Wife's Lobster enchiladas was great. She would order same again. Beans were ok but better after adding some salsa. Rice was tasteless, bland & watery, like it was re-steamed? but better than dry undercooked rice like some restaurants serve. Again better when sprinkled with salsa. Flour Tortillas were wax paper like & thin similar to those low fat tortillas?Service was great! Waiter continuously returned to check on us.Would be 4 stars if not for the negatives listed above.We would definitely return again. Especially since they are open 24/7 & food is good.Understood, is that, everyone has their own taste! And everyone's comments, including mine, are therefore subjective.
5	We asked Ricardos to cater my daughter's wedding.  Their catering rocks! Tanya took care of everything.  The food was fantastic.  Working with Tanya was very easy.  Everything she said she would do, she did.  From table cloths to appetizers to bringing a bar tender to an amazing meal, everything was absolutely perfect. Tanya communicated with us and was punctual.  They don't just cater Mexican Food, they will do other menus as well.  We had Mexican food, of course!  Our Thanks to Tanya and her crew for making the wedding very special.Only one negative, she used Rebel Rentals and they did not pick up their equipment as requested.  I used RSVP for my portion of equipment rentals and they were easier to work with.
4	I love the BBQ pork sandwich. The portions of mine and my company were big for the  price. The bean dip IS amazing. The service was prompt and on top of it from beginning to the end. The place is well-decorated and spacious. Lunch hour wasn't too busy or noisy. And there's a bar area which is a plus for a gamer like me ;)
3	Happy hour discounts only in the bar!!  Bean dip is nice to have but not anything special.. Chips are great.. Red salsa is horrible..  The green is ok chicken enchilada gets a 3/5 pork tamale 2/5 rice 4/5 quesadilla 3/5 iced tea 5/5
4	We were planning a sushi trip after martial arts training but one person in our party didnt like sushi so we decided to have Mexican. I do not normally eat much mexican food and I had no heard of Ricardo's before as i've only been in Vegas a few years. The service was great, we had a really cool waiter who was on the ball the whole time. The chips were good and came with 3 dips (salsa, bean, green dip) to snack on before the meal.  I have not been eating alot of red meat in general lately but Carne Asada is a go to that usually is great no matter where you go.  I think it was probably my fault, I wanted just some carne asada tacos but instead got a whole carne asada steak huge meal that was hard to finish.  It wasnt bad but not what i was expecting so i was a bit disappointed.  Everyone else loved their dishes. It is a pretty high quality Mexican restaurant. I think it might be a bit expensive but I did not get to see the tab as it was picked up by another member of our group. I would go back but I would be more careful ordering next time to make sure I actually got what i wanted.
2	How things have changed...I can remember eating at Ricardo's back in the 80's & 90's, when the inside felt as authentic as the mariachi singers sounded; now, it's reverted somewhere between a Denny's and Chucky Cheeze.    -No mariachi singers and the place doesn't even remotely feel authentically Mexican; it was almost like we stepped into a restaurant at a theme park...you know; those cheaply themed places where the quality of the food is determined by how loud the screaming child is next to you. Price:  I would never pay this much for crap American-Mexican food!Overall Experience:  Yuck... Conclusion:  Another original and locally established restaurant gone to crap over time.  A victim of poor planning and lack of investment.  You would think that a place like this should only be getting better with time, instead they've stripped it of it's authenticity.
4	From the chips and salsa to the end of the meal it was delicious and satisfying. Freddie our waiter was tip notch and very friendly and helpful. It was just by pure chance we stopped to eat there but definitely will be a frequent spot from now on. I recommend it highly. Plus they swipe your card right at the table when your ready to pay. It was awesome
4	The food was excellent including the bean dip. Great margaritas too. We were there for lunch and the service was quick and efficient. However we were not rushed
5	What more can I say about this place.  Yes, they have been a long time merchant here in Las Vegas, but his menu, the flavors, the presentations are always spot on and every dish delivers the best flavors.  I was amazed at the steaks and halibut dishes, 5 star quality all the way :)
4	In desperation to get away from endless cigarette smoke and overpriced food options the casinos offer, we stumbled upon this place for lunch (after checking other reviews of course).This place is like a El Torito/Whole Enchilada restaurant. There was a sunday buffet available, but we ordered fajitas. The food is just 3 stars, and slightly overpriced to me for Vegas (13 bucks for fajitas) but what made this place special to me is the waiter named Freddie. SERIOUSLY this guy made us laugh constantly! Very personable, and he is the reason that I would come back here.   Waiters like him are rare.   I would do the buffet next time or eat here for dinner, but if you are in the area, stop by and ask for Freddie to serve you!!!!
3	Not really my choice for lunch today, just went along with coworkers. First time trying this place. I've passed by the restaurant many times but never followed through with trying it. Overall, I'm not a fan of Mexican food. I'll take Chipotle any day and after today's meal I'm reminded why.Not that it was bad. But definitely not worth the price. I got the shrimp and lobster enchilada and it came with beans, rice, and pico. Prior to our main meal we got chips with 3 dips (beans, green sauce salsa, and regular).When I think lunch special, I think the meal should be below $10.00. I think my meal was the day's "special" but I did peruse the lunch special menu and most of the items were over $10.00. Mine came out to be $17.00 with tax and tip, ugh.I like the setup and decor of the restaurant. It's also a cute touch that the female servers are in their outfits (sorry I don't know what their called). I just don't know if I want to pay this much for Mexican food.
5	The bartenders and waitresses are very attentive and the food is excellent with good sized portions.
3	I had just eaten at Javier's in the Aria the evening before - I know Mexican food two nights in a row is not my usual strategy... Any way I took the opportunity to really compare the two ordering almost the exact same meal at both locations.The food here at Ricardo's was good solid food - nothing special that made me think "Wow, this is the best Mexican food I have ever had!" It did however help me better understand that there can be differences in Mexican restaurant food - it was not really in the same league Javier's was as far as the food - Javier's really is a high end Mexican restaurant which I never would have guessed existed (the high end restaurant part...)Ricardo's was fine, the service was excellent and the atmosphere what you would expect.  I would visit again as overall the experience was good and the cost reasonable.
1	We went on Cinco De Mayo. I get that it was busy but the main hostess working was extremely rude.  We put in our name and waited. As we were waiting she was screaming at other patrons. We observed this for a bit.  The most shocking incident was when an older lady who was waiting for a table was called. The older patron, confused with all the people, began to walk the other way. The hostess grabbed this lady and yelled, "We are over here!!" Pointing to the section. After this we left. There is no excuse for service like this.
5	Wonderful experience for Cinco de Mayo! We made a reservation for 6:30 a half hour before we arrived (at 6:30) and we were seated within 3 minutes of arrival. The place was definitely in full Fiesta mode, complete with a live strolling band playing familiar tunes, and they took requests! The waiter we had was in the mood to be open to our general jovial ways, and he added to the fun. We observed waiters who often made their clients enjoy healthy belly laughs at their jokes, and everyone was being served from the bar as well as the kitchen in very reasonable time. Food and margaritas were delicious and we had a blast - and we are in the great grandparent stage of our lives. Ole' !
3	I went here two weeks ago while in vegas with my boyfriend.  I LOVE that this place is open 24hrs. Who doesn't love 24hr Mexican food. The chips and salsa are amazing.  They even give you refried beans with your sauces.  Margaritas are strong and a reasonable price.  Food was pretty good as well. Only con was the service. They weren't very attentive at times.  Over all great place.  With good food and don't forget it's open 24hrs!!
3	Average Mexican food here. Prices run  between $15 - 20  for most plates.  Don't bother with the Margaritas.  They are made in a freezer( machine and have very little tequila in them.  No hurry to go back.
2	I got the chimichanga burrito to go and it was overall good other than a few pieces of chicken that were overly cooked and unfortunately when I was almost done I found some sort blue food wrapping small piece in my chicken just a tiny piece but still it shouldn't have been there, I put a picture up of it next to green chive so you could see the difference in color and that it is actually a blue piece of something. Before I end I'd just like to add I would never write something that wasn't true if the food was great with no issues I would totally write a review that was overall great I've got other food from here that was good with no issues such as the nachos but was very disappointed this time with the chimichanga, I'll probably try again and hope this was just a one time mistake because they are overall a great restaurant with good service.
5	I hear people all the time say "aww..its not real Mexican"...   I say... "if it isn't.. I don't care".  This is great food folks.  Awesome flavors and a great atmosphere.  Bring the kids or go to watch the game.  Excellent buffet lunch too.   I think they've got the best chips in the western hemisphere.
2	Came in and really liked the decor. Decorated very festive. Chips were better than the salsa which was pretty runny. The guacamole was bland. My husband and I both ordered burritos. They were just ok. Nothing too spectacular and mine wasn't that hot. I did like their rice which was probably the best thing I had there. Server was friendly but seemed kinda lost and forgetful which was weird since we were like only the third table there. Probably won't be back to try again for you don't really get your moneys worth.
1	Terrible service! Terrible food! If I could have done 0 stars I would have! Never coming back here again.
1	iI recently ate at Ricardo's there were very few patrons. My fajitas were served with sour beef full of fat. My friends food was cold.The service was less than standard. When finished the waiter never removed any of the plates.He was sure to tell us when paying with a credit card about leaving at least a 15% tip!
5	This was our second visit to Ricardo's and we will continue to enjoy amazing Mexican food and outstanding service. The carnitas dinner is to die for! My husband chimes in with no complaints on any of his dishes.....chile verde and combo dinner #17!
1	Wish I could give negative stars...Went out with a group of 4 people. The server came over after 10 min of us sitting there to tell us he is busy and he may take a while to come back for drink orders. Finally he comes by again clearly hassled. And angrily takes our order for drinks. We also order our food since we had sat there for so long. Our food came out completely uncooked. The steak had frost on it. Nobody came by to ask how the food was so we walked the steak back to the kitchen. The guy yelled at my friend for coming back to the kitchen. The waiter stepped on both me and my friends feet. And did not apologize and not to mention he was sweating into the food he was serving us. When we complained he ignored the complaint and just rang us up. Overall the worst service ever!!! Will never come back.
2	Remember when Ricardo's was a place to be reckoned with? Now it's becoming a place to be worth wrecking. But to be honest I arrived after 1:30 so the buffet items seemed really dry. It's been awhile since I've been here, I'm afraid to say it will be another while....
5	Excellent food and service.   I always love to come here when I go to Las Vegas.  I will be going there one more time before leaving Las Vegas.
5	I am from Texas and did not know what to expect from a Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.  I opted for the buffet for $13.99 ($14.99 with beverage).  The cheese enchiladas were sooooo gooooood!!!  Also, on the buffet was beef and chicken breast fajitas (not thigh meat), build your own tacos and taco salad, and flour and corn tortillas.  Chips with three different kinds of dipping sauces were delivered to our table.  Our waiter was extremely friendly, encouraging us to "stat as long as you like...it's hot out there."  Two thumbs way up!!
4	This place has some amazing tacos! I love the vibe of the place and how everything clicks! They truly know how to spoil me and my family every time we come wether we dine in or take out!
4	the food here is great ! i really enjoyed the bean dip delicious !!! not to metion its open 24 hrs !!!!
4	Open 24 hour we decided to check the place out last night around midnight. They have half off happy hour drinks, and appetizers. Great service and food.  I recommend the Camarones Chipotles con Ajo.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE!!!!!!!We were at Ricardos on July12,2014 for a dinner after a wedding and I was truly impressed with both the food and the service. Our Waiter, Freddie was beyond EXCELLENT. This guy has a huge personality and was really engaged with our entire group. You really don't find servers like him in most places. The food was excellent. I had the fajitas and being from Texas I can say I was very impressed, they were delicious.If you get to Vegas, this place is a short trip from the strip and WELL WORTH ITEXCELLENT JOB
5	I love the lunch buffet here. It's always fresh. You can make your own tacos or tostadas with diced chicken or beef, or ground beef. There are tangy fajitas, chicken and beef, and rice and beans. The enchiladas are my favorite though they can sometimes be a bit salty. There are a variety of toppings--sour cream, lettuce, black olives, onions, salsa, and a tasty guacomole. And they give you chips with three dips.The weekday buffet is a bit less expensive at $12.99(beverage included) than the weekend buffet at $14.99(with beverage).
5	The food was great they're open 24/7 you even could order online. I had order chile relleno plate comes with beans and rice, another plate was fajitas and carne asada plate and enchiladas swissas means swiss cheese it was delicious. Also before you eat they give two type of sauce hot and mild and aside bean dip very good and their aguas frescas Jamaica y horchata very good
1	DO NOT waste your time with this place.$19 "appetizer sampler" was a total waste of money! Soggy nachos, re-fried taquitos,  and a condescending manager named Sandy who did absolutely nothing to rectify the situation. She did offer us a $10 gift certificate to patronize this business in the future and blamed the quality of food on their third party delivery service Road Runner. I give this place a negative 5 stars. Keep your gift certificate Sandy, we will not be back in the futureF
5	Best of the best. Always delicious. Good atmosphere. Easy parking. Try the lobster tacos  to die for.
1	Service was okay. They were good until after we ordered then pretty much forgot about us. I ordered a large menudo and two Carne Asada Tacos. With my first sip of the soup I was smacked in the mouth with salt. I tried adding lots of lime but couldn't cut through the saltiness. I tried some of the meat and had to spit it out. I swear it was old. I moved on to the tacos. They were okay,  though the meat was very bland and the tortillas were stiff. Never coming here again
4	Overall a great experience. It took a little bit yo get seated, they overlooked us ( each thought the other already took care of us). Once seated it was about 5 min til they took our drink order. After that, our service was great. Food was very good, nice to see bean dip with the chips. I had carnitas enchiladas, would highly recommend.
5	We have been in search of a great, local Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas for quite some time.  My husband has lived here for 20 years, but I've recently moved from California, which is where we would usually indulge.  After driving by this place for the last several years, we finally decided to give it a try, having friends with us from out of town who were craving some tacos and margaritas.  The ambience is great, the service is really good, and the food was better than we expected.  My husband and I shared the chicken & shrimp fajitas, with were extremely generous.  Our kids and friends were happy with their entrees, as well.  The adults each had margaritas, which they offer in different sizes, and kids had Shirley Temples & Rob Roy's... very fancy!  With their chips, they serve a few different types of salsa and warm pinto beans.  Their entrees are appropriately priced for the large portion you get.  We managed to save room for dessert, and ordered deep fried ice cream and flan.  SOOOO GOOD!  On the evening we dined there, they had a magician roaming around to entertain the diners.  Initially, we were a bit put off, but he was so entertaining that we asked for his business card before he left.  They are usually pretty busy around dinner time, so keep that in mind if you are hungry and don't want to wait.  So far, we haven't had any problem getting seated right away, but you never know.  It's not too far off the strip, so you can easily take a cab without having to pay for a drive clear across town.  Overall, we have been very satisfied with our dining experiences here, and would recommend it to anyone wanting to try a good, local Mexican restaurant.
1	Don't waste your money or time. Food was absolutely HORRIBLE! We ordered the fish taco's with rice and beans & two house margarita's. Fish Taco's $14.95 and had absolutely no taste at all. Clearly the kitchen doesn't taste what they send out. It was very fast though ... probably microwaved. No lime/spanish seasoning/flavor what so ever. And the deciding factor? This is our second time because we thought we might have caught them on a bad day two months ago when we tried them. I used come here in the 1980's and it was always awesome and you had to wait to get in. No so anymore. Very few customers. The frozen cod called fish is flavorless as is the rice. Try Jalisco's up on Durango and near the 215. Worth the drive and has authentic flavor. They also are friendly with excellent prices far below this worn out old, canned sauce, microwave tasteless fare. Too bad. It used to be the "gold standard" now it's worse than Del Taco. I warned you!!!
4	Service was great. Food was moderate. The waiter checked back on us several times- great customer service.
2	This is Mexican food for white people. Not horrible, but rather bland and boring.Carne Asada = over cooked and way too under spicedGround Taco Meat = way too much chipotle and not enough cuminChimichanga = tasty, but super greasy Fajita Chicken = not enough Adobo seasoningRefried Beans = pretty darned good for retried beans Salads = both are surprisingly flavorfulStore bought flour and corn tortillas (lame)
3	i went here almost 6 months ago. Solid fajitas, decent margaritas, good service. I really remember their guacamole standing out
5	Best authentic mexican food I've had in Vegas! I definitely recommend the Camarones in Chipotle sauce over rice! Poncho gave us great service! Love the fact that they are open 24/7.. we will be back for sure :)
5	GREAT food! I love supporting local family owned businesses in Las Vegas. They've been here for 35 years, which says a lot in this town. They were even in the Guinness book of world records for the largest margarita! Being centrally located on Flamingo and Decatur is awesome, and you can't beat being open 24 hours! I've got nothing bad to say about this place. It's a must try, that is, if you haven't already.
4	Love Ricardo's , great food and margaritas.
4	My boyfriend and I have been to several mexican restaurants in this area of Vegas and so far have been disappointed until yesterday when we went to Ricardo's. Chips come with salsa, beans and a super yummy verde salsa. The chips are to die for, they didn't even need any dip. As for our meal, I'm vegetarian & they made me an off menu veggie chimichanga & our waitress was really nice about it. My boyfriend had the nachos which he ate until he couldn't move. Service was good as well, our waitress was Chelsea & she did a good job up selling alcohol without being too pushy. Will definitely be back again soon!
4	The lunch buffet is a great value. For ~$13 a person, you'll get unlimited tacos, chimichangas, enchiladas, tostadas, salads, and soft drinks. The horchata is recommended and is included in the lunch buffet. Try it! It's sweet with a touch of cinnamon. I prefer it to horchata from some Mexican eateries in Los Angeles, even. When you're seated at a table, you're given tortilla chips and 3 different salsas. The salsas given with the chips are great. One is refried beans; another is avocado-based; the other is tomato-based. My favorite is the avocado-based salsa since it has great flavor and a little spice kick. The chicken tacos at the buffet were awesome. The lady assisting customers at the buffet was so friendly. There were only corn tortillas for tacos, but you can order flour tortillas at your table. I also really enjoyed the rice. It was flavorful without being too salty. The chicken chimichanga is nothing to rave about but still pretty good. For dessert, my party of 4 had split a banana foster. It was a bit too runny for my taste. I'm used to a more syrup-like consistency. Overall, I liked this place and would recommend to others. When I return, I'd like to try a margarita since they're known for having made the largest margarita in the world!
4	I live 3 minutes away from Ricardo's and I went on my birthday a couple weeks ago. The food was pretty alright but the what really sold me was their cocktails. They have a great variety and I got some coconut margaritas . Those were surprisingly good! My server was great and helpful when it came down to choosing drinks. I'll be back ! :))
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas.  There is a reason this place has been around for 30+ years.  Open 24 hours.  Lunch buffet is a great deal.  Love the chips and dips that come with every meal.  I recently tried the lobster taco special and it was excellent.
1	we had a great server but we came with a whole soccer team and apparently the other server helping them can't do her job and the manager didn't seem too concerned with the poor service.
4	Decent Mexican. Good food. Try the enchiladas. They are excellent. If you want something filling try the tamales.
4	Had dinner here last week.  It was wonderful.  Service was very efficient.  Food was quite good.  Atmosphere was A-ok.  Prices were reasonable.  Definitely plan on returning.
5	We were in town for a birthday celebration. The food was okay. The margaritas were a little weak, but since I'm not a drinker that was okay. The service was great. My autistic daughter had a melt down in the middle of the restaurant and the manager was gracious and the servers were kind. For that they get 5 stars.
5	We love Ricardo's. I have lived in Las Vegas for 10 years and I try to get in there once a month. My favorite dish is the chicken enchilada. I love their salsa and the large margarita, perfect dinner combination. We were there a few years back when they did the worlds largest margarita for the Guinness record. If my memory serves me correctly, they were pink margaritas in honor of breast cancer awareness month. The booths in the bar have tv's in them if you wanna catch a game while having dinner. The lunch buffet is fantastic too!
5	I just had the best tasting pork burrito with green sauce ever. Fabulous. Fresh ingredients and excellent service, too.  I'll be back.
3	Time to update my review since it had almost been two years since I last visited. Walked in on a Saturday night and it was very quiet and empty, we were greeted by a friendly hostess and we were seated promptly. There were only 4 other tables occupied. I had been craving a shrimp salad from Lindo's for the past few weeks so I was a bit upset at my husband for not wanting to take me, we were going to catch a movie at the Palms so we needed to eat at a restaurant in close proximity, boo! From what we remembered, the food and service here was good so we drove right over.We were seated promptly but we waited a few minutes for our server to appear. My husband and I both ordered waters with lemon and a waiter brought out chips along with bean dip, red salsa, and an avocado salsa. The avocado salsa was the best, they only times I've ever seen it made are at catered parties so that was quite a treat, loved it! For my entree I ordered a chicken caesar salad ($10.99), they don't have a shrimp salad which was a let down for me. I asked our server if I could substitute the chicken for shrimp, he said he'd ask the chef and that he'd be right back. I knew that if he agreed I would pay a few more dollars which was fine with me. When the server came back out he said that I would have to be charged $20 for the salad if I wanted it with shrimp, I was expecting to be charged a few more dollars but not almost double, so I stuck with the chicken. My husband ordered a steak chimichanga for his entree. We didn't have to wait long for our food to come out, maybe 15 minutes tops. My salad was topped with cotija cheese which gave it a different flavor, not bad, just different. The chicken was a bit on the dry side but seasoned well, it was your average salad, decent. My husband did not like his entree very much, he said the steak was too fatty which is something he detests. Overall, we were not very pleased with our meals. It was subpar. Now on to the service. The server didn't even check on us once when he dropped off the food, he only came back to ask if we wanted dessert or the bill. I wanted a flan so I ordered, he came back out with the flan and bill. The flan was bland to me and it had a different texture than what I'm used to, it was not very sweet and if it had caramel, I couldn't taste it, the best part of it was the whipped cream and cherry on top. Overall we spent $28 on our meal which isn't bad but the food isn't that good anymore, I might be back, I might not, for now, I have much better options for mexican food elsewhere.
