2	I went there over a year ago. The food was good but the service was terrible. Especially considering we were one of only three couples in there.   I would give them another chance.
5	I have been there twice for takeout. The dumplings were outstanding. Best I have ever had from a restaurant. The curry dishes we tried were heavenly, and most important they don't fake the heat. So if it says hot it is hot, and thats how I like it.
4	Sa Bai's two locations, one (recently renovated) on the near West Side, one further West on Odana's restaurant strip, serve reliably satisfying and tasty  Thai food and are justifiably local favorites in a town that loves Thai food and supports quite a few of them for a city of its size. Atmosphere is quite attractive and comfortable in both locations. There is a large menu with many delights; at least until recently, the Odana (not Obama, not Osama) location had several  additional dishes, especially good at dinnertime. The chefs are cooperative with spicing requests, allowing for more assertive dishes than are available in most Madison Asian restaurants. Food usually tastes fresh and lively. Soups and noodle dishes are usually excellent. Service at the University Ave location is usually quite good; the Odana location is spottier, often with long waits at dinnertime. We've had good luck with delivery from the Odana location, although certain dishes (e.g., duck) are best when eaten fresh from the kitchen.
3	If you need a Thai cuisine fix, this place will satisfy your cravings. I would say it's your average Americanized Thai restaurant with your standard pad thais (quite orange and sweet) and appetizer rolls. Nothing terribly special but still all right. I was pleasantly surprised by the noodle texture (springy, not mushy) but the sauce/flavor was a little standard.For dishes that are meant to be spicy, you can get the spice level on a scale of "tiny" to "adventure".
4	Compared to my regular thai food fix, in Chicago this place is good - not great.The variety and flavor of the dishes is quite good but, the service is best described as random. Having to ask for chop sticks is just unacceptable.As for the spice factor - adventure is not really spicy at all and should be noted in the ordering process. Also, beware the spring rolls.
1	I agree with Alex S. I have had the similar problem. The waitress was not very friendly. I am from neighboring country of Thailand so I can handle spicy food like most natives can. I have been to Thailand once a few years back. I ordered papaya salad and a curry dish. I ordered the hottest of the hot dish and i ended with the sweet version of the papaya salad and curry was okay. I went in there to satisfy my pallets and all I got was a modified version. I felt total let down. I have not been there since.
4	I love the food at Sa-Bai Thong. People can debate, but they had me at scallion dumplings.There were more shrimp in the Tom Kha on the west side, and was it just me or was the pork a little more flavorful?The service, as always, is unpredictable. The space is less intimate here than the mutiple booths that break up the one on University. But there is a nice framed view.
3	I'm in a bad bad mood - (spoiler alert!) Jon & Kate are separating! I'll try not to take it out on Sai Bai Thong too much.So I'm in town for Epic training at the Radisson and I figured I order some pickup right before J and K's "special announcement". I got back from my workout at about 7:40pm; I figured, "Hey, I got 20 mins to spare and the place is just around the corner". The only thing was, no one was picking up! I called about three times consecutively and still no answer. I called the other location in downtown Madison and they picked up instantly. The person on the phone just advised to call again. Already irritated that my precious time was dwindling, I gave them another ring and they finally answered. I put in my order, drove to the restaurant, waited another 20 mins and made it back at about 8:15. Fortunately, J&K hadn't made their announcement yet so I wasn't missing out.Anyway, so here I was ready to plop down and enjoy the food and the show when I realized they didn't even pack me any silverware or napkins! Isn't that standard for takeout? I had to call the service desk to bring some to my room. Trifling!Now to the food; the one thing I can say about this place is that it doesn't lack flavor. Whether that's a good thing; that is the question. I ordered Som Tum (Papaya Salad), Crying Tiger (Thai Beef Salad) and Chicken Satay. The Papaya Salad had a decent flavor which was pretty consistent throughout . The Chicken Satay was saved by the peanut sauce (probably one of the better peanut sauces I've tasted); otherwise it was average. Finally, the Thai Beef Salad was just off. When I opened the container, I had dig to find any greens. It looked like nothing but shredded strips of beef.  In that case, it should have come with tortillas. Secondly, my first bite felt like accidently taking a gulp of water from the Red Sea. Super salty!!! Overall, the food was ok and service was subpar - I need to find a new Thai spot to hit up whenever I'm in Madison.
3	I went here with a party of 6 without reservation on a Saturday evening.  We had to wait just a couple minutes for them to arrange a table, but was very fast for the situation.  Front of house was very polite and attentive, and their alcohol specials were definitely appreciated.  The food was pretty good for midwest thai, though they serve everything from Indian to American-Chinese, so authenticity isn't huge, flavors are good though.  Unfortunately, there is something wrong in the kitchen.  We ordered three appetizers and only received two, which took a little too long to arrive, about 20 minutes.  Four of our party was then served their food about 10 minutes later, while my husband and I sat and waited another 10 minutes for ours to arrive.  His was fine, but mine was tofu instead of chicken, so was sent back.  Another 15-20 minutes later, after the rest of my group was done eating, mine arrived and was alright.  Order one star spicier than you would at other Thai or Laotian places, as they're pretty mild.
3	I've been the take-out queen this week.  Tonight Dad wanted Thai, so here we are.  I pulled up the menu online and ordered Pad Thai, Pad Chu Chee and two Thai Iced Teas.  They told me when to show up and it was ready when I got there.  The tea was packed with ice in one cup and the tea/milk in another so we could pour it together when we were ready.  That was groovy. The Pad Thai was just ok.  I get major Pad Thai cravings and this just didn't quite do the trick.  It wasn't bad, I've just had better.  The Pad Chu Chee had a nice coconut milk flavor in the sauce.  It was good.Overall, I'd go back.  Don't remember how much it cost - it was reasonable.
2	Here I go again, singing the praises of Chicago food.As someone who was spoiled by having every type of food at her fingertips for eight glorious years, I really missed good Thai when I moved to Madison. I had a beef Pad Si Ew hankering from hell one day, so we ordered Sa-Bai Thong. Thai food should be cheap (under $10) and delicious. This was mediocre and more pricy. The sauce was thick, bland and jelly like, and there was barely any beef. I have given this place another shot, ordering Pad Thai the second time, and it was no better. What kind of a Thai place can't make decent Pad Thai?!
3	It was a rainy night. I wanted pad thai take-out and Sa-Bai Thong is just a couple miles down the road. Not amazing, but it's pad thai, so what do you expect. I thought their version was solid. Thanks, Sa-Bai Thong!
1	Food is not very good and overpriced.  Service was poor. This place used to be good so ask people who say they love it when the last time they were there.
4	My family and I really enjoy eating at Sa-Bai Thong - though we often forget the name of it!  We've only been to the Odana rd. location, but we have gone about 4 times now and find the food delicious, the wait staff usually attentive, and the atmosphere relaxed.I especially like the Tom-kha gai soup (the base is a chicken broth with coconut milk), which is a great warm-up on cold Wisconsin days!  I enjoy the Pad-Thai, a tasty comfort food which reminds me of a noodle casserole.  My son enjoys the vegetarian curries, and my daughter usually gets the chicken in peanut sauce - yum.I recommend the Sa-Bai Thong restaurant if you're in the area and craving Thai food!
4	Great food, staff and atmosphere!
4	I going to preface this review by saying that, in general, I have lower expectations for service and decor at ethnic restaurants - that is why this got s 4 and not a 3.Service/decor - I see alot of negative reviews on here citing bad service. I've been here on three occasions and each time the service has been white good. Granted, I was there weekend nights and not on a Tuesday afternoon. Decor is VERY nice compare to comparable restaurants in town.Food - It always pleases me. I have found, and my Asian boyfriend has confirmed, that Sa-Bai is kind of a fusion between authentic Thai and what, apparently, a contingent of Madisonians want. I'm more than okay with this, as I have enjoyed every meal here.Price - You pay for the nice decor and friendlier service. I'm willing to pay the extra 3/4 bucks an entree for that any night.
3	Another failed attempt to find good Pad Thai in Madison. The summer rolls are good, but for the most part the food is bland. I eat thai food for the richness in flavors and the sauces here just don't cut it.
4	Friendly service, reasonable prices and the food had a great variety and creativity that thai restaurants often lack. The food is more american thai than authentic, but they still do a lot with that limitation. As a point, if you like your food spicey, you really have to request it, otherwise it will come back Madison-approved hotness free.
5	The food here is authentic and delicious. The thing I love most is that they use lime and fresh cilantro is many of their dishes. I would say this is the best Thai food I've ever had. Service was also pretty great both times I've been.
5	Excellent food
4	Good food and good size portions. One soup is enough for two. If you don't have a large appetite, you can probably share a curry or noodle dish too. Tasty food, and they can definitely make it spicy if you ask them too which is great. Ambience is great too, will be back soon!Friendly service too!
2	The pad Thai  is too soggy and wet, if a Thai restaurant can't make a reasonable Pad Thai, then they don't have good Thai food.I went there twice, never want to go 3rd time,   the other rice noodles are tasteless also.The services are slow.But they have ok appetizers.
1	Ate here one time.Pad ThaiSpring RollsThe Pad Thai was the most unusual Pad Thai I've ever had, in that it really didn't taste like Pad Thai at all, was too dark looking (too much soy?) and was basically crap.The spring rolls were a little better, but not better than the nearby Vietnamese place.So I do not recommend this place at all.If you want good Thai (for Madison) go to Thai Noodles on McKee.Adios!
1	Waited 45 minutes for crab rangoon appeitzer. Main course another 35 min after that. Food was not good at all. Will never go back
4	Wow...I love this place. Great Thai food..very reasonable prices. Beautiful ambiance. While waiting to be seated, there were several people coming in to pick up carry out orders. Service was very good. Highly recommended restaurant near West Towne Mall.
5	My girlfriend and I love this place, it's one of our go-to dinner spots!  The peanut sauce is especially good, although I've never ordered anything I haven't liked!  (The shrimp soup is wonderful as well)
2	Food quality was below average. Adventure spicy is less than medium. I has Tom ka soup and beef pad Thai. Would not recommend. Also, employees were having a meeting on how to use the credit card machine and 2 were being reprimanded for incorrect usage. Not appropriate when customers in lobby.
4	The Sa Bai Thong on Odana is one of my go-to places in Madison, but I have to admit, it's hit or miss. If you want a good experience, don't order delivery. Their delivery person is always overburdened so the food is cold by the time you get it. However, when ordering take-out or dining in, the quality of the food is always great. The service is meh, but the gaeng ped is what keeps me coming back.
2	I like this place and think it is one of the better Madison Thai restaurants, though I think the other location on University is better and more consistent. Had take out and only one dish was memorable. Still, it's my go to take out place when I am visiting the parents on the west side of town.
2	Missing on every level.Service: Was seated by the kitchen where we were feeling a cold draft coming through on occasions. Left alone for long periods of time. Right at the beginning after being seated and throughout. With water glasses siting empty for far too long. But the waitress was nice thou. A HUGE pet peeve happened too. Hate, Hate, Hate it when they don't bring all the entrees out at the same time. There was at least 5 minutes between each time we got our entrees. I got mine first. So was about 15 + minute till the last one came out. Bad timing on kitchens part. Luckily mine were cold items. I personally don't like to start eating till everyone has their food. I find it rude.Food: The Shrimp Purses were tiny and cute but nothing special. Tasted like bite size egg rolls. Papaya Salad was too sweet and vinegary with no hit of fish sauce or shrimp paste. Crying Tiger had tender beef stripes but no pizzaz.  Pad Thai was ok. Not to saucy but once again missing something. The curry special was the best thing of the night.  With huge tender chucks of chicken and a kicking good peanut curry sauce.Heat Level: They hit right on target here. Where most place miss the mark for me. I wanted super hot and I got it. WIN. (cough, cough wheres my water!)The food was forgettable,service was non existing and kitchen disorganized. Im going to say I will never be back to this location at least.
4	The Penang is out of the world. Jungle curry was really good. Pad Thai was just ok.
1	Huge disappointment.  The place was not at all busy (Saturday evening, around 7 pm).  Service seemed slow, though there was an abunance of employees standing around the cashier area.  Our food arrived luke warm at best and cooled to outright cold within minutes.  The veggies in our dishes were overcooked.  I'm guessing the food sat for a while before it was delivered to our table. Food is served on a large scallopped plate and cools off very quickly.  I'd seriously suggest returning to the older style covered aluminum serving pieces, or a deep bowl at the minimum.When we communicated to our server (when she finally checked back with us to see how the food was) that the food arrived lukewarm and over cooked, she indicated that next time we should let her know sooner so she could warm it up.  Hmmmm. Methinks warmed up overcooked veggies are not going to fare well.Additionally, a dish advertising basil had none.We won't be returning.  This was a waste of $30+
2	Alas, this place seems to be getting worse and worse over the years. I tried it again last week because it was Monday and Saigon Noodles was closed. I just wanted soup. I ordered the Tom Yum. It comes with a little salad. It was fresh and good but the dressing was pure sugar. My daughter had the chicken satay. The peanut sauce barely resembled peanuts. It was also really, really sweet and had a few peanuts in it. My soup was sour-- not that nice sweet/sour mix that is typical with Tom Yum-- just sour. It was edible though so I ate it.To get in and out for under $20 was nice and the service was pretty good.Bottom line: if you are on the West Side of Madison on a Monday and want soup... lower your standards and eat here. Otherwise, go to Saigon Noodle or (if you really, really need Thai food) head to Ha Long Bay on Willie Street.
4	Great food, weak service. Saturday night so the place was full but not crazy. Seated immediately, but waitstaff only showed up on request after loooong wait. Then delivered a wrong beverage. The food, however, made up for it. Apps came quickly - lettuce wraps were excellent and had a terrific sauce. Shrimp purses also excellent, though we used the other sauce - the included sweet/sour sauce was unimpressive. Entrees arrived at same time, hot, and were good. Management should know I would've ordered a second drink if ever asked (I wasn't), and we asked for check quickly fearing the wait.
3	My husband and I went this past Friday night.  We had originally set out to go to La Meztisa up the road but they were very busy.  The food is always good SBT,  but the service takes forever.  I think it took at least 15 minutes for someone to come and take our order.  Then our food came out slow because the kitchen was backed up.  Again food is always good but you definitely have to either not be super hungry or or not be in a hurry.
2	When I first moved to Madison I was really excited to come to this restaurant because the man had hyped it up as a great Thai eatery.  When I finally visited the restaurant it definitely did not live up to the hype.On the plus side the place is really nice and is a great place for dates and groups as it is very large.  However the food, as this is a restaurant, should also be great and unfortunately it was not.  I ordered a red curry dish which sounded great but was disappointed at first bite.  It's not that it was bad because it certainly wasn't but it just wasn't great.  There seemed to be something missing that I was not able to put my finger on.  The man ordered the pad Thai which he actually loved.  I didn't try any of it so I don't have anything to say about it.As far as the presentation of the food however that was spot on.  I would recommend this place to anyone trying to venture out and try something different as the flavors are not in your face.  Also the staff was great and very attentive.
4	Some of the tastiest Thai I've had in awhile!The squash curry was scrumptious, bursting with flavor. 3 stars heat level (one notch below the highest they offer) was plenty for me -- they don't mess around. Pad thai and fried rice also crazy delicious. Some items are pricey ($7 to $9 for soups??) and I would have liked more veggies (onions, peppers, etc.) along with my squash and tofu, but other than that it was great.Very nice atmosphere for eating in. The take-out scene was nuts on a Friday night; we were quoted 20 min and it ended up taking 35. Annoying, but at least you know they're making it from scratch when it takes this long. Recommend calling ahead, although confusion seemed to reign at the front counter, with orders under the wrong name, wrong food, never received, oh wait actually it's right here -- so maybe better just to dine in. They also deliver, but there is a charge if you live beyond 3 miles.
4	Jungle Curry was EXACTLY what I expected. Creamy hot red curry packed with veggies and tofu. Should have been a bit spicier to be considered truly authentic Thai. Yummy 'til the last bite.
5	Beautiful place at a great location. Whenever we go out as a group, and not feeling in the mood for a bar / brewery, Sa Bai Thong is always our go-to spot.The food is fantastic. Presentation is wonderful, taste is even better. Their Duck curry and Jungle curry absolutely outshines any that I've ever had. I also always have leftovers to enjoy later.
1	"Thai Basil" restaurant is by far more authentic on the west side. SO MUCH BETTER! Raymond Rd.
5	Great food, great service and large portions. Seems to be a busy restaurant but atmosphere is elegant.
4	I have gone to Sa-Bai Thong many times. I love their vegetarian summer rolls. They are so tasty! They also have a lot of great vegetarian options. The only negative I will say is that for some reason when I get their food as take out, it doesnt taste as good. Plus when I ask for things to be made mild, they come extra spicy. Then the food is inedible. But when you eat in the restaurant everything comes out perfect and delicious.
4	My hubby and I go once a month to the Odana location, which has a really pleasant decor.  The food has been consistently good.  Wonderful green and red curries!  The fresh cupcakes (yes, cupcakes) are homemade by the mom and daughter and are a surprisingly wonderful way to end the meal.
1	Food was OK last night.  Not as good as I remembered.  We've been coming for over 10 years.Let's just focus on the bizarre service last night:1. They forgot to bring water for a quite a while2. The four of us (my wife and two girls, one of whom was not feeling that hungry) ordered 3 entrees (mus-a-mun, crispy duck, and tried a new dish).  The waitress (I think might be the owner, or else the worst waitress ever) was clearly unhappy and made comments like, "O only 3 entrees?"3. We asked for an additional bowl of rice, she said, "O, you are not done eating?"4. When the check came, she made a point of sending only 3 pieces of chocolate (Get it? You order 3 entrees, you get 3 chocolates!)5. The girls were feeling tired, as they headed to the car, I waited for them to bring my credit card back.  The same waitress came and asked if I wanted to order cupcake and macaroons (Hello?  The table is empty, they're all gone.)  When I said, "No thanks," she asked, "Did you have enough to share with your girls?"The waitress (owner?) was I believe extremely offended that we only ordered 3 entrees (with tip came out to over $50.00) for four people.  She couldn't stop making that point to us over and over again.  It was funny yet awkward experience to be at the receiving end of so much passive-aggressive anger.  But suffice it to say, while this restaurant used to be a favorite for special occasions (I came for my graduation, the girls' birthdays), that will no longer be the case.
4	Great food. I love that most of it is stuff I can eat (no gluten or dairy). Huge variety and their website is super clear about allergies.
1	We got the Tiger Beef salad dish, pork larb and squash curry from here and all the dishes was too sweet.  If it were more spicy and sour then it would have been good.  We took a few bites and that was it.  Could not finish it at all as it was just too sweet and not to our likings.  Will never order here again.
4	They don't have the special lunch for pineapple fried rice anymore, and it sucks. but overall the foods are good, tasty and at okay price. the That iced tea is super good and I love the gradient color of it, must order drink here. I would say it's a good place for date or dinning place instead of Thai basil with good food but only for carry out or delivery.
4	Extensive menu with options galore. Wonderful ambiance. Pleasant staff and priced well. Side note: personally, I like my Thai "hot". I recommend the **** fire for those with a love for tabasco level heat.  Thank you Flora.
4	Was skeptical about getting asian food in a small town but was not disappointed!  Food was delicious.   Service was slow intially but definitely got better.  You can pick how spicy you want your dishes.  One of the best Thai restaurants I've been to in a long time.  I wish this place was in San Jose!  We also needed separate checks because for business expense, and this is the only restaurant where they not only divided the checks up for us but they divided equally each dish we ordered, which was nice!  Definitely would recommend this place.
2	Anybody who has had real Thai food knows this is glorified Chinese food. Very disappointing. Way better options in Madison.
5	I don't really understand the low star reviews, but I guess I've only dinned in once and every other time I've gotten take out. The one time I dinned in wasn't the best, but they were super busy so I wasn't sure how to feel. The take out has always been FANTASTIC. I've tried many of their curries and I've never really disliked any of them. I definitely think the place is over priced, but I crave this place too damn much and end up paying the prices. I always have left overs and end up needing extra rice. Usually I'll just make it at home myself when I'm heating up left overs the next day. The times I've gotten extra rice, it heated up pretty well when microwaved with the curry. I probably wouldn't dine in again, but I highly suggest take out.
5	What an absolute surprise. Was not expecting some of the best Thai I have ever had in a strip mall in Wisconsin. A great find and a destination to return to.
5	One of the best Thai places in town. They have great curry, as well as noodle-based dishes. In addition, they have decent alcoholic beverages. They also deliver!!
2	I've gone here twice with a group of friends after shopping at the mall.  Both times all of us were disappointed with the flavors of the food.  On my recommendation we got the panang curry (normally my favorite everywhere else I go) but it was bland and full of huge apple chunks. I've never seen that anywhere before,  it barely had any veggies.  No carrots or potatoes or anything. And the portion was tiny for the cost.  The tom yum soup was ok but pretty sour and not very coconuty. I've had better Thai in Madison so I won't be back.
2	There are better, and cheaper, places for Thai food in Madison but you still can't go too far wrong here. The service is kinda shit though. I don't know if the waitstaff have fully mastered the English language because they fuck up special requests on the reg. I don't give a shit but my friends with dietary issues do (my bud with lactose intolerance had some rancid gas after eating one of the curries with cream in it). I recommend the squash curry. Pad See Ew is should have an emphasis on the "Eww," as it was greasy and bland. If you sit in the back there is a great view of a pond...and a dumpster : /
