3	Every girl I know that lives in Phoenix ranks this place as one of her Top Five lunch spots around, but I'm still not sold on it. Sure, now and again I'll want to have a lighter, healthier lunch (something other than a burrito - I like to mix it up) and Sauce is good for that. But I feel like it tries to be upscale without actually being upscale, and casual without actually being casual either. It's in that strange netherworld where you're not sure if you're overdressed or overly caj, overfed or underserved, overpaying or overexpecting. The thin crust pizzas are actually really good, but light, so if you have a serious appetite don't be surprised if it don't need a box to take home extra slices. The house pizzas have interesting topping blends like artichoke hearts and sundried tomatoes (err . . . maybe that's not that interesting. What can I say? I like heavy things with meat on them that you can empty entire jars of parmesan cheese onto. Any deviation from dense cheese and meat is "interesting" to me). They bring your food to your table (Pei Wei style) with one piece of packaged bread. This also slightly irks me. The bread is really good but they can't spring for baskets? If you're looking for New York style pizza that drips with cheese and thick pepperoni pieces, Sauce isn't your spot. For a light afternoon lunch or snack and a glass of wine, it gets the job done.
4	A 4 star pizza place in Phoenix?  About as common as swimming pools or sun tans, right??  Seriously, this is 4 stars for a couple of reasons.*Food*Decent food.  Not incredibly innovative, but still more ambitious than the rest.   I especially like their sausage and caramelized onion pizza, or the pepperoni with crimini mushroom pizza.  Also, the wines by the glass are surprisingly well picked and easy on the wallet.  Make sure to try the spinach, pancetta and goat cheese salad.  It's really tasty.  I asked the staff what kind of dressing they used and they gave me a printed recipe.  Cool eh?  I am curious about the pasta and panini - haven't had them yet.*Value*Can't be beat.  For what little you pay, you get the better end of the deal at Sauce.  For a while there, they were doing a $20 special for a 12 inch pizza, salad and two glasses of wine.   That, my friends is a steal, and why this place gets four stars.P.S. I think this place can best be described as an atmosphere similar to Paradise Bakery or Pei Wei as someone said below.
3	There is no such thing as great pizza in AZ.  This pizza is pretty good though... but it isn't REAL pizza.  Real pizza crust is not flaky pastry.  Flaky pastry tastes good, but it isn't real pizza.  REAL white pizza isn't devoid of garlic and other Italian flavors.  What i ate was good without traditional seasonings and garlic, but it wasn't pizza.  I couldn't even make excuses and say it was like real pizza in Italy because it wasn't, but it tasted good.Beer selection wasn't bad.  They have options for a wide range of tastes.I like the atmosphere.  It is casual cafeteria style, but the interior is very comfortably decorated for my taste.  Red(head) is my color and this place is shades of tomato and olive green.Their chop salads are good too... but they aren't chopped.  Nuff said.
4	Thin and Saucey. Fresh and cold. No I'm not talking about Nicole Richie and Paris Hilton. It's the pizzas and salads at Sauce. I normally don't like the order here, sit down there kinda restaurants. But this place does it right. I'm not going to get into NY vs. Chicago vs. California vs. Tombstone. Save that for a thread, right? I love pizza. So I love them all. Depends on my mood. These pies are delightful. My fave is the sausage and caramelized onion. The potato pizza is hella good. Spinach salad with pine nuts and goat cheese...perfect with my sausage pizza. Service is cheap and the prices are friendly. There's plenty of atmosphere and the parking is light and airy. So get Sauced. Today!
3	I like this place for lunch.  Salad and pizza is a great combo before a 5 hour long shopping trip.  Yes, we waited in a long line, but that was good since I had a hard time deciding what I wanted.Yes, I have had better pizza- but it was pretty good and I usually like to eat GREAT pizza when i can take time to enjoy it.  This place will get you in and out.
4	$5.50 for a kick ass chopped salad, very nice.   I'll go back just to try a few more salads.Pizza has super thin crust, about half as thick as a regular tortilla, but just perfect in every way.   We created our own pizza with spinach, artichoke, and feta and it was a very good creation if I don't say so myself.   Think of this place is a "Chipotle" style restaurant that makes pizzas, pastas, and salads.   Good prices, limited menu,  with clean contemporary interiors.   Sorry but I can't really complain, it was very good.
4	The food is great, the prices are up there. It's always freezing cold in the restaurant so if you're not doing takeout bring your sweater. Definitely get the side of Mac and Cheese, you won't be disappointed!!
4	While the pizza wasn't anything to rave about, the salads, bread, and wine are great. If you're going to do classy fast-food this is definitely the place!
1	I work off of 16th and really wanted a panini. Usually I would go to Fresh & Easy for their mozzarella sandwhich; but, yesterday I wanted a hot one. You know... toasty bread kind. Seeing as how I was pressed for time, I needed some place I could call in my order and just pick up. Doing a quick iphone yelp search I found nothing. So, I went with what I knew. Sauce. This review is strictly based on my panini experience. I have had their pizzas, which are pretty good. But, after going there yesterday, you may have to drag me to go back to this place! The only non-meat option is the grilled cheese. At $6, it is a bit pricey... but I was willing to take the hit b/c I was craving. I phoned in my order, and added some arugula and tomatoes b/c lets face it... just cheese... boring. I get there. My total was almost $9!!! NINE DOLLARS! I was floored! I was charged a dollar for a slice and a half of a tomato! Not even a juicy slice!!! A paper thin one!!!!!!! And, of course, another dollar for arugula! To put the nail in the coffin, the "panini" - more of a toasted sandwhich - was so small!!! Maybe like 4 x4. I wish I could post the picture I sent to Joanna E. The sandwhich was the size of my coin purse!!!!!! I cannot believe it. WHAT A RIP OFF! I will not be returning. They cheated me. I hate cheaters!UPDATE: Check out the pictures. Joanne E. posted for me. THANKS!!!
4	Well Sauce hits the "spot" for me. I was amazed how quick the service is and how fast we get our pizza (well their  pizza does follow the laws of physics, THIN PIES COOK QUICK!). So if your're looking for deep dish....this is not spot. But if you like it thin, it's great. I tend to order the same item time and time again and it's the sausage with carmelized onions. Sandra K likes their salads, so it's a pizza and salad and we share. She likes a glass of red wine with her dinner. We share the pizza and salad (she won't let me drink her wine though) and I gotta tell you, it's plenty of food and I feel like I got real value for my money. Kudo's to Sauce!This guy, Sam Fox, has a magic touch with most of his restaurantsl He is truly gifted by bringing his concepts to the greater Phoenix area.
4	The menu, presentation and service were all simple.  Elegantly simple not frustrating simple.  The pizza (especially the sauce) was above average.  The wine and beer selection was simple yet not familiar.  The service was great.  Seated and served quickly even with a busy Saturday night crowd.  The salad presentation looked good and suspect anything on the menu would be worth eating. I definitely have to say I was impressed.  I expected some snobby venue with mediocre food and pretentious attitude.  Instead I found great food, reasonable prices and almost fast food like quick, but five star like attention service.  Definitely hope one makes it to the East side in near future Gilbert or Queen Creek.  Yelp makes a great recommendation yet again!
3	Yummy salads and very thin crust pizza. Probably the most thin crust I have ever had. The salads are all fresh which I love. This is a great spot for lunch or a light dinner.
4	I found Sauce on a weekend trip to Tucson, and was thrilled when I found out they had Valley locations. I've eaten at the one on Thunderbird, the one in the east valley and the one on Camelback&Scottsdale, the one on Camelback being my favorite.The pizza is WONDERFUL and so are the salads. The gem of the place (as long as you're willing to splurge on calories) is the Mac&Cheese - which is outright phenomenal. Highly recommended for the casual atmosphere, fast service, great food.
4	This is a favorite for me and my friends. I love the concept of this place. The prices are great, the atmosphere is great, and the food is delicious. The tiramisu is wonderful. I just love this place. I always bring new people, and they always love it . It's family friendly too. Check it out!
2	Sauce is another restaurant that I really want to like more, but just can't get any enthusiasm for every time I go there.  The two star rating is perfect for this place.  It's "meh".  Always just "meh".  It's never amazing, it's never terrible.  Even this review is gonna end up being "meh" simply because there's just nothing to say about the place.If you're looking for something to eat that costs just a bit more than it's worth and leaves you feeling just a little unsatisfied, well then, Sauce is for you.
2	My fiance and I were excited by the menu... a little on the pricey side, but we don't mind paying as long as the food is up to par. Well, this place didn't quite make the mark. Almost thirty bucks for 2 sandwiches, one salad, and a drink is a bit extreme, especially when the "crusty bread" was hard as a rock and the salad completely lacked in flavor. The only good thing about this place was the tea. Oh well.
3	Upscale fast food (think Pei Wei). Order at the counter, they cook it fresh and bring it to your table. The pizza crust is ultra thin, the ingredients fresh, the service quick. I had the pepperoni and mushroom pizza, spinach and goat cheese salad and mac and cheese. It was a good meal and a great price (they have excellent iced tea too).
4	I love this place. The caramelized onion and sausage pizza is so good! The pasta and salad is good to. I usually order pizza and a pasta or salad dish and take home what I dont eat. Small place but nice and food comes out really quick. I want to say more about this place cause my review seems small but its simply good eats. Check it out
2	Overpriced upscale fast food. I spend my $ at better places... the food is average quality and overpriced... did I mention OVERPRICED?
4	We get Sauce salads to go for dinner a lot.  My favorite is the chicken with pinenuts and I usually substitute the blue cheese for goat or feta and I get the vinaigrette instead of the dressing it comes with.  It's delicious and filling.  The chicken is shredded and always cooked perfectly, it tastes like rotisserie chicken.  It also comes with a tasty dinner roll and butter.  I'm not really a fan of their pizzas because they are too thin for my liking, but I know some people that really do like them.  I've also had the shells and meatballs which I love, the sauce is delish!  I recommend for take out or a laid back dinner.  You can order beer and wine.  They don't really have wait service, you order and pay up front and then they bring you the food.
4	I like this place! Didn't think I would, but I do. The Cesar salad was great...but I like a lot of anchovy flavor, so take that into consideration. I also liked the pasta sauce. My 6-year old had a simple pasta with a meatball and we shared it...we both liked it. It also had a Pei Wei kind of feel to the arrangement of the place. Menus on the side wall you order and pay at the register and then they bring you your food. Cheesecake afterwards was nothing special but still met my sweet tooth (but they didn't have coffee so that was a bummer) I would go back.
5	This little chain restaurant has been a life save for us. We are new to the area and needed something quick to eat that wasn't fast food and we love it! The service has been great dinning in and togo!! You should try it!
3	Pizza is unique and may not appeal to all Pizza Lovers!  Ultra thin crust and toppings very light!  For example when I picked up the box (carry Out) it felt empty.  Good taste!  Mac & Cheese bland and not cheesy enough for me.  Nice trendy atmosphere quick service but for the price Pizza Hut's thin crust leaves me more satisfied.
3	This place is the definition of OK. Not great and not bad either. Good for a family, but not really a date place. If you want something hot, quick, low key and moderately tastey, then this is the place for you.
3	Okay in a pinch when you are absolutely craving pizza and a salad, but it's not so much faster that you coudn't run in somewhere else.  Maybe if you are really frazzled and need to take the kids out to a meal but don't want to disturb other people.  Can't say that the food is offensive, its just not great.
2	Sam fox restaurants are the best! Food here is pricey so when I do go it's a treat to myself! To die for....Sam Fox your rich as ever come down a little on prices! It's fast casual not fine dining!
1	This review is going to be based solely on the service, as I looooove the pizza and salads here. We went in this past Friday, they were busy but not jam packed, there were plenty of open tables. There were 6 in our party. We ordered 5 pizzas and 2 salads. 4 pizza come out pretty quickly. As the waiter (Who looked like he might be the manager, as he had on a different shirt then the rest of the staff) went to give my little 13 year old cousin her pizza he full on hits her in the head with the pizza plate. She sits there stunned, says ouch, and is holding her head where he hit her. He doesn't even say sorry, instead he says "Ive never seen that happen" and WALKS AWAY. We were all kind of shocked, no sorry??? So 4 pizza are on the table. My mother in law had ordered her own pizza. It become obvious they forgot. We question them on it, the server mumbles something and then another 10-15 minutes go by and out comes her pizza, again no apology. Ive never experienced service like this at any of the Sauce locations I've been to. Come on Sauce, step it up.
1	I really like their food, but this review is based on service. Twice within the last 6 months a tip has mysteriously been added to my bill. What's going on here? Sticky fingers? Sorry, but you don't get a tip for taking my order at the cash register. If I receive decent service at the table, I'll leave a tip. If you frequent this location, watch your credit card statements! The first time this happened, the manager refunded the tip. I have to call again and ask for a refund. What a hassle. Guess I need to pay in cash or stop going there.
4	Where do you bring your family of 16 when no one can figure out what they want? Here!! There is something for everyone on their extensive but limited menu and they can piece together any combination of sauce or pasta to satisfy any picky eater.My rowdy family ordered nearly the entire menu and the staff helped corral all of us and arrange the tables so we could all sit together.Definitely this was a very amiable and delicious restaurant where I am sure we will visit again.
4	the summer special deal was great, $20 for a salad pizza and two glasses of wine.  we also got the caprese bruchetta and i think i am in love.  nice people, good atmosphere, clean, quick service and good food.  don't know why we waited so long to try it
3	Cheated on Pat's and ate at this joint. A little yuppy but okay.We started with the bruschetta appetizer which was good but I didn't really care for the vinaigrette they put on it. I don't know when vinaigrette became all the rage but apparently it is. Not bad but a little overpowering in my opinion.Now onto the pizza. I left my wife in charge of ordering and she got the potato rosemary without potatos and modified in other ways as well. The pizza was thin, interesting and generally good though it took them 3 tries to bring it out the way it was ordered. I don't fully fault them for that as my wife modified instead of just starting from scratch but it really shouldn't have taken them 3 tries. I wanna say they offerred desert for the confusion but we passed. Once it came though, it was pretty good.The highlight, in my opinion, was the macaroni and cheese the kids got. I was skeptical when I saw it but it was damn good. They also had some sort of garlic-ish bread that came with it. It was yuppy food for little kids. Awesome.The thing I don't like about places like this is how they kind of skirt the line between self serve and not being self serve. If I have to go to the counter and pay the cashier and get my own drinks then why have someone come and remove plates and bring my pizza? I always feel like I should maybe be tipping the pizza bringer/plate remover but why. I wish places like this would just make a commitment to being one or the other.Oh yeah, SaraBear B. you're dead wrong about there being no great pizza in Arizona. I'm not putting Sauce on the list of great pizza joints as it kind of exists in it's own little niche of the pizza world but to declare there is no great pizza here is just dumb.
3	Sauce is well, Sauce. If you haven't been to one, it's worth checking out. Just don't get overly zealous about it. Basic casual dining. Order at the counter, get a number, fill your drink, and head on over to sit at a table that's a tad too small and wait for your food (Which is generally not long at all! They are speedy!) They do have beer and wine offered and specials at times for 2. (Pizza, salad, and wine for 20 bucks). The wine is always a little on the lukewarm side, but I ain't too proud to ice it down (though I would prefer not to, really). The salads are spectacular. VERY fresh spinach and other ingredients. I would recommend these over anything else on the limited menu. The pasta dishes are also fresh, hot and seem quality. I'm not bagging on the pizza here, because it's fine. It's just not what I expect from Fox. It's never hot, always greasy and basically bland. I do have to give credit for them altering the dishes to make veggie friendly and never seem put off by doing so. The service is also consistently friendly and welcoming. Each time here a manager has checked on us. Plates are clean, silverware and glasses clean and tables clean. It's like Fox concepts meets a tiny, boring diner setting with no "flair". If in the area, it's worth checking out if you are hungry. I really have nothing bad to say about Sauce. It just "is".
4	I have to say that the concept of this restaurant is a hit in my book.  I love the casual atmosphere and how quick the food comes out. I think the concept is great in that they offer a few items done multiple ways - the menu isn't overwhelming but there is something for everyone. I've never had a single service issue like other people mention. The Turkey and Feta chopped salad is my favorite and I like the thin crust pizzas. My boyfriend loves the lasagna. Sauce is a quick, reasonably priced option and a great alternative to fast food.
5	Can't get enough of Sauce. Try the Chicken Cesar pizza or the macaroni & cheese. SOOOO good, and for the price? Can't beat it.
3	I like Sauce! It's like an odd remix of a fast food restaurant. Loud, bright, and fast, but at the same time hip and full of tasty Italian food! I think the funniest part is that there is a television inside and it is always tuned into Food Network. Sometimes I watch it when I'm in there and it's like "Look! Here is all this other food you could be eating!"The pizza comes on a super thin, crunchy crust and is satisfactory in flavor. The mac n' cheese is super tasty, although I could probably make it at home if I really tried. My favorite stand-out item is the goat cheese, artichoke, and mushroom bruschetta appetizer, although I could probably also make this at home (not that I ever would have thought of it!). It is such a great combo of crunchy, warm bread and soft goat cheese! The food comes fast and is pretty affordable! A good place to grab a bite to eat if you're in a bit of a hurry.
3	Sauce is one of the fast-casual dining concept that seems to have sprouted in AZ -- from breakfast (Scramble) to Chinese (Pei Wei). You line up, order your grub, and the staff brings the food to your table. Not a fast food, the menu items are prepared daily. This is my go-to place when I need quick dinner without the delay of being waited at Grimaldi's or other pizza place. WHY GO THERE? Salad, thin-crust pizza, beer or wine. WHATCHAGOT? I've tried all salad but always go back for the chicken, spinach and apple salad. I like having protein without the guilt of fried chicken. Pepperoni pizza with crimini mushroom is good. I'm curious to try prosciutto and melon.YOU GOT SERVED. Service is prompt and informal. Nothing to jump about, but nothing to frown either. Overall, good value when you want a quick bite.
4	I love pizza and salad. Always. :) Sauce has both of those so of course I like it!First, know that this is not the super greasy, huge, cheesy slices that we also love! The pizza here is more like that on a diet. :D If you aren't into the fresh, light, healthy kinda pizza, then I wouldn't recommend it. I got the Mushroom and arugula pizza which was pretty good! I would say maybe there is too much arugula piled up on top to the point where you feel like you're eating a full on salad. But it's not a big deal to me. Just take some off. The salads here are pretty good. I like the chicken, pine nuts, tomato, and gorgonzola. I'm don't usually order salad because they don't feel like a meal to me but that one is really good. I like the style of ordering here although I've read that some people don't like it. It's similar to wildflower, where you line up, look at the menu on the walls and order at the counter. Then, they bring your food to your table along with some rolls if you would like. This is a pretty quick and efficient way of getting your food and the servers are really nice! I was surprised that they even refilled my drinks for me at the self-service fountain.
3	Fast food meets fine(ish) dining - a bit bizarre in my book.   It's a strange combination.  Wine.....with your fast food.  Dinner rolls .....served in paper bags.  Though I will say the food was decent.  The hubs and I got 2 different pizzas and a salad to share.   Their cheese pizza was pretty good - the fresh basil is a nice touch.  And my hubs enjoyed his spinach-topped pie as well. While the food was tasty I thought the prices were a titch high - especially since you're not getting regular table service.
5	Quality food and good service!My favorite is Sauce's sausage and pepperoni pizza, with red peppers, onions and mushroom.  Definitely a gourmet pizza with quality ingredients.  Although it's a small 12 inch thin crust pizza, it is satisfying and has a freshness unlike the typical heavy pizza you find at other chains.The vegetable chopped salad is served in a generous-sized bowl.  I like the light dressing and crisp bite size veggies.You order at the counter and your meal is brought to your table.  The servers are attentive and check to see if you need anything. This service always earns them a tip by my appreciative lunch buddy.I look forward to a future lunch at Sauce!
5	What's not to love about Sauce?It's a fantastic concept - pizza, salad and pasta (three of my favorite food groups) in a comfortable, stylish setting. The pizza crusts are paper thin, so they aren't too filling. The bread rolls they serve with the salad are yummy.The service is impeccable, with great attention to detail, which is a norm for all of Sam Fox's restaurant concepts.I have to say, I am a little biased - my husband worked here for 2 years and I have been coming here for 6 years. But it has never let me down!
5	This is my new favorite pizza place! I love the whole place. The wait staff was on top of everything. There was nothing wrong with our order!. The prices are so awesome too!
4	Great date night with Michael.  We enjoyed the summer special, salad, pizza and wine for $20.  I LOVED the thin crust, it reminded us of our favorite pizza from LaMaddalena, Italy.  I suggest to offer red pepper/spicy oil to drizzle over the thin crust pizza.  That's what we remember from living in Italy, it's so yummy!  The artichoke and portobella mushrooms was delicious!
4	Cafeteria atmosphere...but only with surprisingly good italian food, and even wine.  Fair prices, good service (they even bring your food to the table), clean...kinda like an italian version of Chipotle, only, a bit better, and not quite as quick.
4	Order the Mac n Cheese!Yummm, Sam Fox. Thank you kind sir.Yet another fine establishment from Mr. Fox. I went here for lunch with co-workers. They both ordered the chicken n brocholi and RAVED about it. I ordered the Mac n Cheese, naturally... because I'm the youngest in the crew. But the noodles are a funny teacup style. The make a funny noise if you stab them with your fork while they're upside down. But in all seriousness, the sauce is so rich and creamy and really gives the cheddar a new flavor with the pamasean shreads on top. It's heavenly.The ONLY reason I gave Sauce a 4 instead of a 5 was I was slightly (very slightly) disappointed in the interior. I have been to other Fox establishments and the interior is something to marvel at, but Sauce was just average. The picture do do it justice and it really is a more simple, easier Fox concept. But for being in a strip mall and as delish as it is I wil overlook the simplicity of the decor.Will go back!
5	Every weekend my husband and I love to go out on a date. It is our time to be alone, relax, and have a great time together. Our favorite thing to do on date night is to eat out at a restaurant we can both agree on. We decided to try a restaurant we have never been to which is called Sauce. I was very skeptical of this place because many Italian restaurants are very similar, boring, and bland. I realized I was very wrong from the moment I walked into the door. Sauce Pizza and Wine is an excellent choice to dine out because it is affordable, has great service, and serves fresh and tasty food.        One of the most common reasons my husband and I eat out only once a week is because the cost is so high. At the average restaurant our bill could easily be forty dollars not including the tip for just the two of us which is quite a bit of money for a family on a budget. When we eat at Sauce we know that we are getting the best quality food for the best price. There are many places that have low prices, but many of them do not have quality service like Sauce.     Exceptional service is a key element in choosing a restaurant and Sauce has it. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by smiling faces. They also waited patiently as we looked over the chalkboard menu on the wall. The line moves very quickly because the staff is very knowledgeable about their menu. After ordering, we went to find a clean table which was not difficult at all. Sauce routinely cleans all unoccupied tables to ensure that their new guests are able to sit down. Less than ten minutes later a server brought our food which was hot, fresh, and ready for us to eat.      Sauce has a variety of foods in which any person could find a dish to fall in love with. Most people come here for the pizza, but if you are on a healthy diet they have many delicious salads.  Each ingredient is listed in a way that demonstrates the zesty menu that Sauce provides.       Sauce is one of the best restaurants I have visited because the price is right, the service is exceptional, and the food is amazing. I have always felt that pizza was a food I ordered in at home because I was too lazy to make anything or did not want to wait around for a sit down meal at a restaurant. My view of pizza eateries has definitely changed because I know that Sauce is a place I can go for a quick and delicious meal.
4	I liked the pizza at Sauce. We tried the pepperoni and mushroom, and the chicken sausage and poblano pizzas. Both were really good, thin but chewy crust, good sauce, more than enough for one person. Cute interior, good service.
5	I am addicted. The Chicken Pine-nut Gorgonzola salad is the bees knees I could seriously eat it everyday!!! Also try the Chicken Caesar Pizza ( its a pizza with a salad on top). The staff here is great and very helpful! Remember to leave a tip because I have known people who have worked here and they make less than minimum wage! SO TIP! The Mac and cheese here is also amazing but be careful once you start you cant stop! Thank you Sam Fox. I love Sauce and FYI if you ever open up a location in Santa Monica (would be an amazing location for a new store) I will be there to help you! :)
5	Always great service and love the Summer $20 special. Sauce is one of the few places that serves Naked Snowqualmie Reisling--and it's delicious with a Chicken Pinenut Salad along side their pizza--ANY pizza, in fact. Our family eats here at least 1x each week--especially for our Wednesday Family Movie Night!
3	We had the pine nut/chicken salad, very good, just the right amount of dressing. Pizza was pepperoni and mushroom again not to much sauce, (no pun intended ;) Overall, I can see this as a 'go to place' . Side note: I will say the service impressed me, even though the busboy was working it, every time he passed our table, he asked if we needed anything and took care of whatever.
4	Great gluten free pizza. The menu is a bit pricey in my opinion considering the fact that it is a retail shopping center and you are in a fast paced and open seating area.
5	Chicken pine nut Gorgonzola salad is where it's at!!! Thats my go to. The macaroni and cheese is also really good. Well shoot they have a ton of things I enjoy!The chicken Ceaser pizza (a pizza with a salad on top) is a healthier option and still delicious. You can actually add any salad on top of a of the crust. The apple walnut and spinach salad is pretty tasty, as well as the tomato soup!  The paninis are all pretty great and come with a side of chips. They just added some brushetta to the menu that make great starters, and the cheesecake is an awesome dessert! Ask for an extra roll... Oh man their bread rolls are some of the best I've ever tasted. Believe me you will want another. This location has awesome service just wish there was a patio :)
5	Great thin crust. Always great. Salads are to die for. A casual place to eat.
5	Wow - what a yummy meal.    We had the wild mushroom truffle pizza, rosemary potatoe, and chicken sausage pizza and all were outstanding.   Perfectly cooked.    Server guides us to their special and saved us money and got us more food in the process (get salad and pizza, get two glasses of wine for only $20!).    Service was exceptional.    So nice to eat such a flavorful pizza, and feel good afterwards (instead of comatose like most American pizza).
4	I get the spinach and chicken salad here about once a week. It is very good and if I don't add a ton of dressing it is also pretty healthy! Additionally, it is a large enough portion that I am able to save some for later.At about $9 it's somewhat expensive for a salad and a drink but the healthier options usually are.
4	Solid pizza for pizza night. Great concept from Fox for thin crust pizzas. We order at least once a month, and can ways count on quality pizza and salads.Very happy with the gluten free crust option- its a great alternative- and guilt-free way to enjoy pizza.We have tried many versions of pizza, and love the Roasted Potato, as well as general staples such pepperoni and sausage. Absolutely LOVE their macaroni and cheese! Expect huge portions! A side is more than plenty....Lastly- their Chicken Pine Nut salad is quality :)
4	My friend and I had lunch here and split a Caesar salad and a gluten-free pizza. Their gluten-free crust is among the best gluten-free pizza I've had. We enjoyed the food and the casual atmosphere.
5	Sauce was a delightful place to enjoy lunch with friends after a grueling hike up Piestewa Peak. I have been really impressed with all of the other Fox Restaurant Concepts, so I was excited to finally try Sauce and see if it was on par with the others. Short answer: YES, this fresh Italian restaurant has something unique and delicious to offer! It's not on the menu, but here's a little secret a friend shared: You can create your own half and half lunch combo! I ordered a half salad and bowl of soup which was perfect! The Tuscan Tomato Soup was warm, full of flavor and perfect for dipping the complimentary warm bread roll. The Golden Beet Salad with Quinoa, pistachios, avocado, goat cheese and other amazing goodness was in a word DELICIOUS! Seriously, if you like beets - you have to try this salad!  You can thank me later ;)The service here was great. Staff were friendly - even came over to ask how our hike was and about my friend's FitBit fitness band. They even gave us an extra bread roll to enjoy later with our leftovers. I'll definitely be back! There's just too much good stuff on the menu - I want to come back and try it all!
1	I've seen this concept popping up recently and have had good expierience and unfortunately with "Sauce" bad ones as well. Luckily the comradely between other jilted customers almost makes the meal tolerable. Beside the fact that the service for a 12 inch pizza takes about 30 minutes the topping that come on the pizza are slim to none. Keep in mind the restaurant was less than half full. We had many tables around us too complaining of the same issues of lack of toppings and  with peoples meals coming out of the kitchen staggered to the point where there is no possible way for groups to eat together. And now for the kicker..... The pizza was terrible, it left an intolerable bitter after taste. For your money you are better off going to Peter piper pizza or even fired pie down the road. We also found a hair in the pizza. :-/
2	This was our second visit and first time with our kiddos. It will be our last!  Definitely not up to par with other FRC eateries we've been to. Pizza took forever to arrive (nearly 30 minutes) with nothing but our drinks to hold us thru. Our kids were excited to order chicken noodle soup, which arrived after about 15 minutes but very disappointed with the quantity of vegetables and lack of noodles and chicken. They picked thru it, with their forks and fingers (first place I've been where soup arrived without a spoon) and they were not happy. The two star rating is being generous given the service we received during our $42 lunch tab. During our wait I noticed how slowly the tables were bussed and was amazed at how the wait staff was so disengaged, like they would all rather be somewhere else. We noticed the manager talked with several tables, it didn't look to be a good day for him. When our pizza did arrive it was delicious but we were not given any plates, napkins, etc so we grabbed some from another nearby table. Very odd. My husband asked one of the wait staff about the soup and the manager came over to tell us how delicious it was. Not to our kids! We asked for a kids order of mac and cheese, split onto two plates. He promised it would be right over. It never made it!We quickly ate our pizza; our kids wanted nothing to do with that! For some reason mine had green pepper instead of artichokes but I wasn't about to send it back. The kids had ordered chocolate chip cookies which came eventually and that was pretty much their meal. Really sad!We didn't stay and wait for the mac and cheese. My son spilled his drink and we tried to clean it up by ourselves with the scant napkins we had. There were no napkins available at the drink station and no staff wanting to help so we left. Total bust for my Mother's Day lunch. Never going back!!!!
4	Love the gluten free pizza crust. its delicious. the salads are decent too but the chicken is kind of like a canned chicken in texture. Sometimes when I need a box for leftovers it's hard to find someone to bring one because there's no assigned waitstaff for each table. You order the food up front then sit down with a number and the food is delivered. They ask for a tip when you pay for your food but that's before the food is delivered. I'm not a fan of tipping before I receive any services. My 4 year old is obsessed with this place and I think its more because of the atmosphere/ambiance than the food. We go here at least once every couple of weeks and have yet to really be disappointed in the food.
4	Had a great pasta dish ( chicken, broccoli, with mozzarella sauce)Actually very good. Only complaint I could say was listening to the cook and his annoying whistling.
3	Been to Sauce a couple of times, and just realized that I haven't done a review for this location! We've had a couple of different things from here. During one of our visits we decided on two different specialty pizzas to try out and I have to say that it was more than enough for the two of us and then some. We ended up boxing up a couple of slices from each of them and taking it home with us.Next go-round we were more well informed and decided on sharing a pizza with half and half toppings so we could both get the style we like most, but still share. Since we were sure to share the main dish, we were able to get the Tiramisu for dessert. There isn't much interaction with staff at these locations after your initial order at the front cashier. Someone brings out your meal, but drinks and all else are up to you. The cashiers on both visits were nice enough and seemed to move the line quickly. Overall: B+Definitely A-OK!
2	So far I've ate here 3 times. The first was an okay experience with the staff and I had the chicken pesto pizza which was alright, but kinda dry. The second time was take out and the experience with the staff was slow and unconcerned. The third time was the worst and last time I will be eating here. I dined in and had the turkey and avocado salad with no tomatoes (personal preference, no allergy). My sister was with me and ordered the same. It took 30 mins for her food to come out and it ended up having tomatoes on the salad. No silverware was provided and when we asked for it, it took quite some time to be provided. My food however took 45 mins to come out and didn't have tomatoes but it also didn't have Avocado - which is part of the name of the salad. I only had an hour lunch since it was during work hours and ended up asking them to box it to go and adding avocado. The staff didn't seem to care that the food took way longer than it should have and the guy who boxed my food seemed put out that I requested avocado to be added when boxed. Needless to say, I won't be eating here for a while, or ever again if I don't have to!
5	Salads  are great. But it seems the profit margins have been boosted by shrinking the portions. Order for take away get far more. Order it for eating in and it shrinks. The service is fantastic. They are not getting tips but kept on checking how we were. If they could top up out iced teas. Excellent service. Ps. Actually maybe the portions are fine. Making them a little smaller worked perfectly. Great place
4	Great food and portions were ok.  Order at the counter and they'll bring it to you at the table when its ready.  Everything is Vegan and Vegetarian Kosher which is really tasty.  Had the lasagna and very satisfied.
4	My favorite pizza toppings are mozzarella and basil and Sauce answers my pizza needs with toppings and excellent crust.  The staff was friendly, it's clean, the prices are agreeable and you can get a Peroni while you wait for your pie.
5	Sauce would be my favorite place for pizza! Usually come here after my workout to grow! Great amazing food! Also great workers!
3	Maybe I'm spoiled and expect too much out of pizza restaurants, but for some reason I just wasn't  impressed with this place. It was my first time at a Sauce restaurant too. I think I'm just not a fan of the "pei Wei" style ordering. I want to sit and have a waiter/waitress come to me. The food was eh. I got the Mac and cheese side, which is pretty big for a "side" and the basil, fontina, and Mozzarella pizza. It was ok; nothing to rave about. Prices are good. Cheap and reasonable. I wouldn't dismiss this place if someone suggested it, but I won't be recommending it.
3	I ordered there featured salad roasted winter vegetable to go.  The wait was a little long  the salad had roasted Brussel sprouts and butternut squash in it that was so hard I couldn't eat it.  Wish I had gone for the  pizza!
5	Absolutely love this place! They use quality ingredients and it really makes a difference. Their homemade Caesar dressing is to die for! The chicken Caesar salad pizza is one of my favorites! However, everything on their menu is great! I've yet to try their hand tossed crust but the thin crust is too good to pass up!
4	Can't go wrong with the food or service at Sauce. Stopped in for lunch and had the mac & cheese and it was great like always. I know I will certainly be back again soon since I now work in the area.
4	OMG, am I really about to admit to liking one of the FRC restaurants?  Yes, I am going to say it:  I like Sauce.I ate the kale salad (minus the farro crap) during my first visit and enjoyed the meal so much that I ordered another salad to go.  Recently, I ate Sauce for a second time and ordered a pizza and salad.  More on the pizza later; let us speak salad.Roasted veggie salad.  Umm hmmm.  Ingredients were fresh and the veggies were not overly roasted.  The combination of cauliflower, squash, brussel(s) - is there an "s" on the end? - sprouts, cranberries, and candied walnuts are flavorful.  Not over the top...but, yet, however, actually I would have preferred plain walnuts instead.  Don't you be sugar-coating my nuts!     Now then, the pizza.  Wild mushroom with arugula, parm cheese, and truffle oil atop something they call pizza crust.  Not.  Maybe it was my bad for ordering the thin crust, but every bite I was reminded of unsalted saltine crackers.  Also, the veggies were not spread out too well on the pizza, because there were some slices with more than a two inch crust.  And that ain't right!To add insult to my injury, I'm pretty sure they hoodwinked me out of the truffle oil.  Don't know what truffle oil tastes like, but absolutely nothing truffle-ly was going on about that pizza.  That being said, it tasted okay.  Not hugely disappointed, but not madly raving about it either.
4	y first comment is that I have never seen more attentive, on-the-ball staff ! They have very FAST service (about 10-12 mins after ordering with your entrees hot, ready & on the table) and they were right there to pick up the dirty dishes within a few minutes after you finished eating! Staff were friendly, smiled & facilitated your every need. Okay, granted, we are in the "Big Apple" & you expect fast & efficient service in the city, but it was impressive to see just how smooth everything ran, even at their busiest time. We went in about 7:30 pm over St Patrick's weekend and only had a 7 minute wait for a table. I am not sure if they accept reservations, but we came without any. The history alone is worth the visit and it's in a nice neighborhood. The food was great (of course) and there were no complaints at our table. The atmosphere is warm and comfortable, a combination of family & friends at tables or booths & singles in the bar area. I can see why this establishment has been open for well over a century. The prices are reasonable for Manhattan, and the portion sizes are fair to ample. Can't wait to go back !
4	Come here for two things; that awesome sausage & pepperoni pizza and the broccoli chicken pasta. Enough said!
5	I had great ribs here, and the service was great. The price is also good, so great overall experience.
4	Not bad for fast casual Italian.  A step above the likes of Fazoli's and Pizza Hut.Their pizza is thin and light, so you won't feel the "ball of grease" effect that you can get after richer pizza.  On the downside, they're also a little light with the sauce and cheese, as the crust cannot take as much as a pan or Sicilian crust.The flatbread sandwiches are decent and good for lunch or a lighter meal.  The turkey, salami/ham, and meatball are all a step above Paradise Bakery's glorified "cracker" flatbread and Subway's lackluster options.  I'm not a big fan of the pasta, but my family likes it.  The lasagna wasn't spectacular, but was a solid 3.5/5.The potato chips used to have a lovely Parmesan garlic garnish, which was eliminated.  Now they just grab chips from what looked like the same Sea Salt flavor of Cape Cod chips Costco sells.  I've also had them forget to pack my chips once.I did not care for the Nutella trifle (not a fan of the slippery banana slices), but their cheesecake is nice, and their cookies are excellent with tons of white and milk chocolate chips and obviously lots of butter in the dough.Call-ahead orders make takeout lunch orders pretty easy.  Gotta love convenient parking too!
