4	I'm not usually one to frequent sports bars... but I'll make an exception for wonderful Big Dog's!  They make their own beer, something that I've found to be pretty rare here in Vegas.  While most bars are offering you a choice of Bud, Bud Light or Coors, Big Dog's offers those PLUS about 8 of their awesome microbrews!  If you're a beer lover, you gotta try their IPA!  It's simply heavenly!  They usually have their regular IPA but once in a while they also offer War Dog, a knock-you-on-your-ass 9% alcohol imperial IPA!  It is SO GOOD but beware, as you really only need to drink one.  I would also recommend the stout and pale ale.  Skip the bizarre wheat beer... it tastes like root beer to me for some weird reason.  Atmosphere in the place is pretty good for a sports bar with video poker machines.  The staff is friendly and they remember you.  Very high ceilings and good ventilation, so you won't come out smelling like smoke.  They also have good bar food- excellent fries, and I would highly reccommend the fish tacos.  Nachos are HUGE... share with 10 people!
3	I've only eaten here once, which was 3 weeks ago.  I went there because i heard that they had great burgers.  I've been searching for a good burger place ever since Kilroy's stopped serving food.....(because of the smoking ban in restaurants).....but that's another story.I had one of their specialty burgers, a BBQ Hickory burger, which was delicious.  The fries were OK, nothing special there.  I don't have much more to say other than I will come back and try one of the other burgers.  The burger was good but not Awesome, that's why I only gave it 3 stars.  I'll try it again and see if one of the others changes my mind.
3	Does anyone remember The Holy Cow on the corner of Sahara and Las Vegas Blvd?   I do.   I was heartbroken when they shut it down. Being desperate for some of that great Big Dog Brews, I found the Big Dog Cafe and Casino nearby.   The place was ok.   The food was good, but not as good at the Holy Cow and they only had a small selection of the Big Dog beers.   The folks were friendly enough, but I need by Black Lab Stout.   Will I be back?   Maybe.   But I'd rather check out their other locations first.
3	My friend just moved to the west side (which I basically never venture to; west of the strip is anathema to me) and last night we went and ate and then tried to find a neighborhood bar for him to go to in proximity to his new digs.  Somehow, we ended up at Big Dog's.  While it ain't BAD, it's definitely not the place he, or we, will be spending our time.I can't attest to the quality of the food, but the drinks weren't bad.  I do hate it when places don't charge on-the-dollar for drinks.  Well drinks were $3.25 - not a bad price - but do I give the barkeep a less-than-a-buck tip (hate to do that) or end up with a purse full of quarters (hate that a little more)?  The cocktail waitress was attentive and nice and saw my drink was empty and asked if I wanted another right away.  I just didn't like the atmosphere.I like the awesome hip bars downtown, to be sure, but I have a deep and abiding appreciation for local bars.  Ones that the everyday Joe goes to.  This one fell short.  The atmosphere felt a little unwelcoming and after two drinks we jetted.
3	Next stop on the Vegas slider pilgrimage - BIG Dogs.  Haven't been here in ages - kinda avoided / boycotted  since they were a big competitor of mine back in the bar owning days.  well, that was then, sliders are more important !!debated about the tenderloin sliders or the angus since i wanted to focus on the burger options when they are offered, i chose the angus.  The angus sliders with cheese and fries ( $8.50 ) with a diet coke - i was being a good boy yet not sure why !on a side note - this place needs a good cleaning and it really needs some fresh air pumped in ! the sliders - decent, nice spicing in the meat -something i didn't experience at the other spots.   fries - ehhhhh.i hit them for $100 on the machines so i treated myself to an ice cream at danielles next door ( separate review )
4	with 3 locations in the valley this is always a popular place. they used to have the "holy cow" on the strip but it closed. big dog's is a microbrewery/casino/restaurant. one of the very few remaining eateries where you can smoke at your table. the atmopsphere here is always fun & loud. happy hour is m-f 3-6 with $2 brews & $2 off appetizers. they have awesome food specials. mondays 3-10 are burger night-bbuy 2 get 1 free. tuesdays crab legs night2-10.you can get 1 pound of snow crab legs (hot) for $8.95 get 2nd pound for $6(comes with butter & cole slaw), then wednesdays & sundays 3-11 pm are giant fried shrimp night(all-you-can-eat) the service is superb,the beer is great, tons of choices, even take home a 'growler'. we usually go for sandwiches. the hamburgers are angus beef & very tasty. they have sweet potatoe fries and of course fried mac & cheese, green beans and really looks alot like a tgi fridays menu but with more seafood. i would recommend visiting any one of the big dog's locations if you are visiting
3	It has been quite awhile since I ate here last and I recall last time the help was in a pretty rotten mood so I ordered take-out this time aroundI love their brats mainly because theres not many places you can get a grilled brat in this town unless your lucky enough to be at an outdoor event and some place is serving them up.I ordered the steak & brat sandwich with an order of Wisconsin Cheese Curds -$27!!!  Absurd.The food was good but the steak wasn't char-grilled and I asked for it Blackened. the brat was great and so were the curds but it was way too pricy for them to get my take-out wrong and for me to do it again.
2	My brother  and I hit up Big Dogs one night around the holiday season to grab a bite, and escape the holiday craziness that sometimes exists. It was after 9, and we were seated in the bar. Not a whole heck of a lot of people around but it was the holiday time. Obviously, as a vegetarian, a place like this doesn't provide a whole lot of options, so I went with a couple apps. My brother, a meat eater extraordinaire had the pulled pork sandwich. My apps were pretty gross deep fried average bar food. My brother wasn't happy with the very gristly pulled pork. The highlight for me was the beer. I got the sampler, and quite enjoyed the Red Hydrant. The other beers were pretty so so, but the Red Hydrant hit the spot. I don't think food will ever be an option here, but I'd give it a second chance for the beer.
3	First of all, let's be real----for the most part you shouldn't be going in to a bar/casino with high expectations about being served "fine" cuisine.  Having said that, the food here is better than expected.  I came here more for the selection of "home-brewed" beers and was not disappointed.  Especially because on Saturday nights they offer half-price pitchers and at $8 it's a good deal even for a single diner like myself.  They had a Baby Back Ribs special with a 1/3 rack of ribs plus coleslaw and sweet potato waffle fries for $8----can't beat the price.  The meat was very tender and fell off the bone and the sauce was not overpowering (it's a sweeter sauce if you like tangy instead).  I didn't try anything else because hey, it is a bar and casino!  But I would come back to try something else and maybe even try their breakfast with a fresh glass of beer.  Now we're talking!  :)
5	A great place to watch football. Great bloody Mary at a great price...$3.50 is unheard of in Vegas. They serve breakfast too. This is great since college football starts at 9 am.  The best is their microbrew beer.  I loved their Tailwagger Wheat and Red Hydrant Ale. Loved their prices too.  In a land where a beer on the strip costs $10 its nice to see a game day special of 20 wings and a pitcher of microbrew for $20!
2	For the past two Sundays, I've come here to hang out for a couple of hours while my Son is at a Church function.  I enjoy watching the Sunday night football game here and enjoying a drink or two.  Last night I decided to grab a bite to eat.I was dining by myself and wanted some finger food.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to go with the Nachos ($10.50).  To wash it down, I had an Iced Tea.I watched the Giants/Bears game while I waited for my grub......it didn't take too long before it came....the waitress delivered the Nachos and they were a friggin' mountain of Nachos!  (see pics) Seriously.....I'm not opposed to large portions, but damn this thing could easily feed 4 people!  I was a little pissed because I didn't want to eat that much and the waitress didn't say anything.....also the menu didn't mention the gargantuan size of the Nachos either.  I reacted by saying "Damn, that's a friggin' mountain of food!".....she replied "I know"......well if you knew, why didn't you say something when I ordered it?!This is where I am torn....do I knock off a Star because of this?  or not?  I personally feel that it's the server's responsibility to inform customers of stuff like this....especially when they see someone is dining alone and portion size is not mentioned on the menu.Back to the food....the Nachos were topped with melted Cheddar Cheese, Jalapenos, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Onions, Olives, Tomatoes.  The thing was so massive that stuff was falling off the edges of plate....another faux pas from the server is that she didn't offer me a smaller plate to eat my Nachos.....she expected me to pull pieces off this mountain and have it fall all over the table like a pig.  I tried for a few minutes but felt like a slob so I asked her for a plate, which she brought over right away.The Nachos flavor wasn't spectacular, it was bleh.  The Cheese wasn't gooey....it was melted, but seemed to be sitting a little while because it was already coagulating and it was difficult to eat the Nachos without using a fork.  Also, it was top heavy with the toppings....meaning after the 1st layer of Nachos, there was nothing but bare chips in the lower sections.  What's the point of this dish then?  I don't know.....I felt bad because I didn't even come close to finishing it and it wasn't worth taking home......what a waste of food.I took off 1 Star because of the bad service.....still a great place to catch a game.  I've eaten here many times in the past with great experiences, but was an inactive Yelper at the time so those experiences are outdated.Will I return?  Because of my favorable history with Big Dog's, I will give them another chance.....next time I'm asking the server how large the portion is.
2	2nd time to this location.Service is slow, and food has been average bar food.One thing that really bugs me is sitting at the bar and having a bartender give me crap about playing enough/spending enough for free drinks.Well, the bartender here gave me a hard time, in addition to poor service, about playing enough while I was spending $60 over 3 hours for 3 beers, and she charged me for my last beer. So, $63.75 for 3 beers (plus tips) during my last time here. She had short brown hair. While there she was too busy watching football games to serve customers, so table service might be better. Also, don't expect their seasonal beers to be on tap. One out of four was available this time, and one out of the three listed was available last time.Generally just not a great deal with average beers at best.
4	Here tonight to try dinner. What caught my eye was the nachos and bratzel with fries. Should have just had the nachos as that was a meal in itself. If you have ever had Big Dogs' nachos you know what I am talking about. The order is so big, it would easily feed four or so. We asked them for a half order and still it was a huge portion. They layer the cheese in between the chips and pile on the sour cream, jalapenos, black olives, tomatoes and guacamole. You can add meat like chicken, taco seasoned beef, or shredded beef for just a little bit more. Once they have it all together under the salamander it goes and it's heated all the way through. So the chips on the bottom are just as warm, crunchy and smothered in cheese as the ones in the middle and on top. My bratzel is a hamburger with bacon, bratwurst sausage, crispy thin rings of onion, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and of course the pretzel roll. Cut this baby up into four's it's enormous. I enjoy Big Dog's its always fun to dine in or late night, eat at the bar.
4	Wandered across this place by accident while looking for a Mobil gas station. The food was at least a notch above bar food, and not terribly expensive at all. I didn't go there during a game, so service was quick and friendly. It's WAAAAY off the strip, which is why I think the prices were, well, normal. I will definitely try to go there again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	If I give Draft House Big Dogs 5 stars, the Big Dogs on Sahara deserves a 4 star review at least.  The beer is brewed at the Draft House location on Rancho, but its just as fresh here.  In fact, when the special brews run out at the Draft House, you can often find them here or at the Nellis location for another week or two.The bar food is good too.  The menu is slightly different, but pretty much the same as the Draft House.  The only thing is that sometimes the restaurant has slow service on weekends.  This never used to be a problem, but lately when I have gone it has been.  However, after a few Dirty Dog IPA's, this is easily forgiven.  Try the cheese curds, and the philly cheese steak sandwich.  The fries are awesome too.  Overall, this smaller version of the Draft House has the best beer brewed in Las Vegas (at their Rancho location), and pretty darn good bar food.  This is a regular hang out for me and my coworkers.
5	WHAT's BARKIN' !!!!!!!!!"happy hour": MON - FRI 3 - 6PMTheir annual gift card sale now through 12/2410. And you will receive an additional $25 if purchase $75 at once. What a great great value!!!!Also, I found out a yellow card mentioned "2 for 1 big dog's brews growler refills on Sunday" -- watch your Sunday football in style with two 64oz. growler refills of your favorite award-winning... Time: 9am - 8pmPlus, they provide many exciting game time gaming promotions, such as:1. Take it to the house!2. Tailgaming points party!3. Pro football free play!4. Gambler's parlay cards!More?Yes..... ---- Tasty $7 lunch specials
4	I like Big Dog's a lot. If I had my choice, I'd go to the Draft House, but if I'm in the area, Big Dog's on Sahara is a worthy replacement.Same great local craft beer, including the Red Hydrant(?) I like so much!
4	Great place for pub grub and cold microbrew beers. Looking for your favorite team on the TV? They have plenty of flat-screens throughout. Friendly staff. The reviews from fellow Yelpers pretty much say the same thing, so why re-hash it? Definitely worth a visit!
4	Despite the fact that Vegas has a stupid number of local's tavern type places per capita (arguably way too many), Big Dog's gets 2 thumbs up from me for their large creative menu. I finally made it over here for lunch today after years of working in the area. With all the sports bar hopping my husband and I do during football season, taverns usually aren't my first choice for lunch. Today a burger topped with a brat and bacon just *sounded* good, so off to Big Dog's we went. My coworker got a brat, I got the insane brat/burger/bacon thing, and my husband got pulled pork sliders. First off, they get props for all the choices of sides - fries, garlic fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, salad, potato salad, cole slaw.. OMG, so happy! I love choices. I ended up with the sweet potato fries and they ended up being SWEET POTATO WAFFLE FRIES. Best sweet potato fries ever. Seriously. My ridiculous burger topped with a brat, and cheese, and onion strings, and bacon was amazing. I'm not sure if the burger meat itself was good because I was in topping heaven. I ate 1/3rd of it and was too full to continue. Insanely tasty and filling. My husband enjoyed his pulled pork sliders very much as well. I'm not sure how tasty their healthy food is (although the salads did sound damn good on the menu!), but their bar food is great - a nice change from the offerings at your typical PT's.
4	I like Big Dog's, even though I'm not a beer drinker.  This visit was our Friday Night group's choice for dinner.  The food was mostly great, the service very lacking (e.g.,hree requests to the waitress for water???).I ordered a Tuscan chicken sandwich on foccacia, which came with roasted peppers, mozzarella, and yum, sauteed spinach and garlic.  It would have been outstanding if they'd only heated the foccacia to crisp it up.  Instead of the fries or cole slaw, I sprang for the extra two bucks to change it up for a salad.  I expected a tiny side salad, but this was really big, with lots of chopped tomatoes, cuke, cheese, and romaine.  It was missing olives, but that was great:  I hate olives!  By the time I got halfway through the salad, I felt like I'd already eaten dinner.My husband ordered the walleye special.  I thought it was pretty high-priced at $20, but it came with the aforementioned salad, plus two sides. But when they brought out the plate, I saw the reason for the high price: the piece of fish was absolutely monstrous.  It could have fed a small third-world nation, but my husband lives to eat, so he managed to devour half of it before throwing in the towel.  It became my dinner on Saturday night, and I thought it was fabulous!  I also appreciated the fact that it wasn't over-salted.  Next time we go we'll both order it, and we'll be able to eat for a week!One of the other couples ordered the same as us.  The guy from the third couple had the burger with bratwurst and, I think, bacon, plus some kind of cheese.  He liked it a lot.  His wife wasn't feeling very well, so she just ordered some tuna salad on a plate.The waitress was friendly when she took our order, but then disappeared.  Luckily, the bus person was pretty efficient, and saved the day.  Make that evening.
3	Well, it is what it is: a dingy, divey looking place and very unimaginative. Nothing against Big Dog's because it's not their fault but the smoking is a deal-breaker for me under any circumstances, even friends.My friend had some fries and they were OK. I ate a few and that was about it. The server was very friendly and attentive so I have to give her that.If you have to put up with smoking in just about every establishment in Las Vegas, you might as well go for a little class. This place is very short on any amount of that. I suppose it's OK to visit with friends just to slam a few. I've never done the restaurant side so I can't comment on that. It's pretty standard, as sports bars go.
2	*****2011 Entertainment book...$10 bucks off of your bill coupon*****I used to love Big Dog's food as I have visited on and off over the last 5 years. Tonight was a total let down. I have not been in several months and tonight, I bragged to my friend who had never been on how good their food was and that was our decision for dinner tonight! BAD MISTAKE! First off I did not even look at the menu, I already knew what I wanted, the same thing I always order, my BBQ pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. When I informed the server of what I wanted she replies " well actually we have changed the menu a bit, the pulled pork sandwich is now made into sliders" Yikes, that is never a good sign when the menu has been changed. So I had the hankering for sweet BBQ pulled pork so I went with the sliders and and sweet potato fries. When I got my plate, the sweet potato fries were no longer "fries" instead a thin criss cut type of fry similar to Carl's Jr. however thin and dry. Wow, I see why they changed the menu, for my particular once fantastic BBQ pulled pork sandwich, which used to be on a delicious sandwich roll bread filled with a generous portion of meat. Also the sauce used to be made from scratch, now is nothing more than Bullseye BBQ sauce from the store. My once perfect sandwich is now three sliders, with a spoonful of meat slapped on with tasteless bottled BBQ sauce and store bought slider buns. The cost of cutting back shows in this dish. The sweet potato fries used to be so delicious and yummy when in the form of "fries". The change to a thin dry wafer like criss cut type of chip is not tasty and makes no sense to change something perfectly wonderful the way it was. My friend ordered the pot roast burrito and regular french fries. nothing spectacular, was flavorless, thank goodness for salt as she sprinkled before each freaking bite. I am so disappointed, I will not return, this last visit has really turned me off. If it ain't broke don't fix it! The changes are evident of cut backs. I am all for running your business cost efficient however don't start off with something so perfect and butcher it just to save a few pennies!Thank goodness I used my coupon for $10 off of our check!
2	I was taken to this "cafe" by my friend who said they had the best pulled pork sandwiches. Of course I'm from Texas and anything west of the Panhandle is suspect to me! But I went (no choice,she was driving). I looked at the menu and I wasn't feeling the pulled pork and nothing else seemed appetizing except the chipotle marinated pot roast tacos. Again, being from Texas, I'm a bit spoiled when it comes to tacos. Bu I figured I'd give it a try. I asked the waitress which was a better deal-the tacos or the burrito with the same meat.She stated the burrito because it included lettuce, tomato, cheese and sour cream. So, I chose the burrito. I shouldn't have.  I should have protested that we leave and go to where we originally intended...EARL OF SANDWICH! The "chipotle marinated" pot roast was flavorless, chewy, and dry! The flour tortilla was crumbly. The french fries were over cooked and greasy. My friend was also disappointed. She ended up getting the pulled pork but they were now sliders. Half the amount of meat and weren't as flavorful as she remembered. But they charged the same price as the original sandwich as if you were receiving the same product. Amazing how stupid they think people are. Get less, charge same...no we haven't lost our memories. We haven't forgotten what you used to serve and what we used to pay for food that has now become substandard. I won't be going back there. I now know why the place seemed so desolate when I passed by. No one wants to waste money on crappy food and a crappy atmosphere.
5	2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays, I am a fan! This promotion is only good for two more weeks so get it while you can. But after 9/6/11 they will be rolling out a new list of offers just in time for football season. I'm not a beef eater but their charbroiled turkey burger also works for this promotion. I orderd mine with sauteed spinach and garlic sauteed mushrooms (add 50 cents for each) and it was fabulous. Not everyone can make a juicy turkey burger that meets my approval but Big Dog's does just that. My boyfriend ordered his with roasted red peppers (add 50 cents) and blue cheese crumbles ( $1 extra for cheese) and he devoured it. The blue cheese is a little too strong for me but they offer lots of different topping options to suit your needs. I also substituted sweet potato waffle fries and they were so yummy. It's another $1 up charge for the fries and it's worth it.Not only is it 2 for 1 burger day but Tuesday is BREWSday as well. $2 off all Big Dog's brews and $8 off brew pitchers! We orderd a pitcher of their current seasonal draft, watchdog wit, served with orange slices. The keg was low so they let us taste it first to make sure it was ok instead of just bringing the pitcher to our table, which I liked. Between the bogo burger and $8 off our pitcher we paid $23 and I took a box of leftovers home with me. Not too bad for a decent craft beer, a tasty meal and lunch the next day. If you go for dinner next Tuesday, be sure that I'm the girl in the corner booth sucking down a cold draft.
5	I get the 38 special, a mix of 2 ales....o sooo good!Fresh beer, good bar eats, salads are tasty..... the machines actually pay out.  TV's, raffles, free stuff..... good staff.Overall a great bar!Daily food/drink specials...game specials....Git your drink on!C
1	Nasty, terrible and disgusting come to mind as I walked in this place with a seat yourself sign.  Even worse they told me with kids I could not sit in the main dining area and I must sit in a narrow hall way that was truly awful.  It was also smokey and loud in here.  We immediately left and went to the Steak House at Circus Circus that provides incredible service, food and atmosphere.  If you want a quality place to dine and have kids avoid Big Dog's Cafe, I guess the name should have been a clue.
5	Big Dog's hefeweizen growler fill. Enough said.
3	I wanna get this off my chest right away:  WHY CAN'T BIG DOG'S CAFE & CASINO HAVE THE SAME BD'S BEER AVAILABLE AS THE MOTHER SHIP ON RANCHO?  Point in case: we heard all sorts of good stuff about the Sled Dog Stout.  So twice we went to BD's on Sahara and it's "Oh, sorry, we don't have that here yet."  And then they finally did get a keg...but then the next time we went in to have a pint of Sled Dog (it is 100% yummy with a high ABV to boot), the answer was, "Oh, sorry, we ran out a couple of days ago--maybe it was three--and we're still waiting for another keg from Rancho."  Seriously guys?  Someone can't drive a keg the 6 miles or so from Rancho?  Really?  Come on!  All the fantastic beer you make at Rancho should be available at the same time at Sahara.  It cannot possibly be that hard.And now to the good: my wife, my friends and I go to Big Dog's a lot. Could be an average of once a week or so.  We love this place especially because it's in our neighborhood. The food is solid--and the Top Dog is one of the best burgers anywhere--and the beer is consistently good.  HOWEVER, the service can be a bit spotty.  Not bad, just kinda spacey and not always on the ball.  But the wait staff are super nice which makes up for a lot.The food specials are much appreciated and the Big Dog's card is a fantastic benefit for "frequent fuelers."  Thank you, BD's!So I'm giving only 3 stars because of the silly beer thing.  And also because there is often a sewer smell outside the building and sometimes in the bathroom.  Other than that, BD's is fabuloso.
5	We eat here every time we visit Vegas as my dad lives nearby in Summerlin. Consistently good food and stellar service.  We showed up tonight w a party of 10.  Seamus the manager was the best.,,,got us a table and our server was great.  The food was as always perfectly prepared (and we order everything slightly off the menu). Beers are great and so are the mixed drinks.  It's not smoky inside, not overly noisy and just an overall pleasant place to go, especially to get off the strip.  This is one of my dads favorites and he comes weekly. We have been coming monthly when we visit and I am finally getting around to writing a review.  We had a bad experience this AM at Weiss deli so coming here was so relaxing.  I hope the management reads this and knows how much we enjoyed the meal and service.  Seamus is so incredibly pleasant, he makes the visit that much nicer.  Even my husband, who never really comments on service mentioned this.
2	Just ok. The cheese curds are delicious. The beer is just average. The pretzel is  not a pretzel, it's bread with salt on it, shaped like a pretzel.
4	The week of May 14-20, 2012 is National Beer Week. Any of their brews are $2 off. A pint of their beer is less than $3 for this week. It does not matter what time because this special is a 24/7 promotion. I tried the 38 special which is a blend of two different beers. It was smooth and enjoyable. Pair any of these cold drafts with one of their monster burgers and satisfaction is sure to ensue. I got the Tex-Mex; a thick burger topped with a grilled green pepper, cheese, bacon, crispy sweet onion straws, and a BBQ sauce. With a side of their sweet potato fries for an additional $1 hit the spot. Although the fries were cold, the burger more than made up for it. My friend ordered the Big Dog burger and something else came out. In the end, we split both burgers to help alleviate his disappointment. Instead, we were both very happy. Maybe just closing my eyes and pointing would not be a bad option.
2	I went with a party of 7.  The service was exceptionally slow.  It was so slow that several members of the party nearly had to leave before their food arrived.  We pleaded with our waitress to help move things along.  When the food finally arrived two of the orders were wrong.  A warning, don't order the black stout if you have anything else to do for the rest of the day.  Instead of pouring the stout like professionals and scraping off most of the head, my waitress told me they just let it sit until the head goes down.  I had two, they took forever to get and when they arrived they had nearly a 3 inch head.  It is good stout, but I don't like paying for a lot of foam or waiting for something that really doesn't happen.
4	Been here twice to catch a sports game on their multiple TVs.  As a pub the food's pretty good and the beverage pricing fair.  I'd recommend this place and would come back myself.
4	Good food. Nice ambiance. Welcoming staff. Great beer. Reasonable prices. This would be a regular hangout if I lived in Vegas.
4	I had lunch here and it was very chill. I enjoyed that everyone was doing their own thing and the bartender that helped us was very nice. The food is pretty good. I had the club sandwich and my friend has this MASSIVE bratzel thing. It was giant. I have no idea how he ate it all. How anyone could eat that whole thing, but it is possible. I did not enjoy a beer, but they have a nice selection. This will probably not be the last time me and Big Dog will share a meal, next time we will share a drink... or four.
5	Love the Sahara Big Dog's! Love the bar tenders (Lee and Jess!), love the games, love the specials, love the beer, love the Big Dog's Salad! Just a warning though, the fried chicken breast meal is different every time you order it! Sometimes there are good days, sometimes there are bad. I think it depends on the cook.
4	Best burgers bachi burger sucks compaired to the big dogs
5	To continue....Great lunch specials, had a tri-tip samich with caramelized red onions on ciabatta roll.... A - mazing !  The fish samich is the catch of the sea with 2 large deep fried filets on a wheat bun...ohhh soooo good!!  Can't go wrong with da Big Dog salad with the chipotle ranch dressing....yummmmmm!  and of course the in house brews.... .38 special? just sounds coool or tailwagger wheat? why sure, please....may I have some more?  Red Hydrant Ale... well you know....and the typical array of TV's and video poker machines, I like the blackjack.....LET IT RIDE!!!!!
4	On the look out for a new place to try for Sunday football specials, we decided to finally try Big Dog's. We sat at the bar to be able to view a few of the games and were greeted warmly by the bartender. She was very friendly and helpful, guiding us through all the specials and giving her recommendations. We decided to start with a couple of pints of Leglifter beer and some hot wings. The beer was their own brew and a pretty good deal. The wings had a nice flavor and we enjoyed them quite a bit. We decided to order some more and went with the honey hot flavor, which were our personal flavor. Spicy, sweet and delicious.We also upped the ante with some Patron margaritas they had on special. Very strong, but still pretty good. Overall, the food isn't amazing but it was pretty good and the service and the deals were pretty good. Not the best place to view football, unless there are only one or two games you want to see at a time. They only have a few TVs scattered around and it's not easy to see all the games simultaneously. I'll definitely be back to try them again some time soon, though.
4	Good football specials and strong drinks. That about sums up this place. We had wings and drinks while watching the games last Sunday. They don't have every game up and you can't really see all the games from just one seat, but it's still a good place to grab some beer and enjoy some cheap bar food. The spicy honey wings won me over and they have really good beers they brew themselves on special. The Patron margarita put me over the top. It was strong and really good. Put me in a good mood for the rest of the day.
5	Had a late night waiting for someone, figured I'd get some decent eats. Big Dogs never disappoints. Ordered the chili with cheese and onions. It's a generous portion with big chunks of steak, lots of veggies, and plenty of crumbly cheese. Holy yum, it was good - and so much, I got two meals out of it! I will be back for the chili alone.
5	So, whenever I go to a restaurant which has Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches on the menu, that's the first thing I sample. If they do a good job with that, I am happy with the restaurant. I was torn with this one. One part of me wanted to cradle this moist, flavorful, delicious sandwich as one would a hard-earned trophy, or a cherished heirloom. The other part of me wanted to shove the whole thing in my mouth at once, and just wallow in cheesy ecstasy. If I hadn't been heading to meeting with customers, I'd probably have ordered a second one just to rub all over myself, so that no part of me would have to miss out on this sandwich. I recently found out that a friend of mine had their wedding catered by Big Dog's. Now I know why.
4	I love that the dining room is non-smoking but it's not enclosed. I really dig the selection of brews here too. They have a great chocolate porter right now and the lake mead monster is a good amber that packs a punch with a 9.1% abv without too much bitterness. IMO, you can't go wrong with either. I had the fish sandwich with garlic fries. The fried fish was good and you get 2 large fillets on the bun. It comes with tartar sauce and fries but you can get garlic or sweet potato fries for $1 more. I always get the sweet potato waffle fries and they are worth the extra buck. The service is never bad and the beer is always cold. They really didn't do anything in particular to loose a star. I'm just at a loss with the indoor smoking. Is it too much to ask to get good food, service and beer in a clean air environment? Apparently so. Never the less, I like this place and I will be back.
5	Surprisingly full menu, great service, great beer and great food! I'd come back any time.  For a local brewery, they have great food including fried cheese curds, chorizo stuffed pork chops, and some really tasty looking sandwiches.  Our server was very nice and very down to earth.  Loved it.
4	We wanted to find a place open for lunch that was casual. My husband was craving a burger so we found Big Dogs (it was Christmas day). We both ordered burgers and they were delicious! Juicy, large and all the toppings were fresh (tomatoes, lettuce, etc.) (posted pictures of the food, but not sure where they are...check my profile maybe.)  My 5 year old also had a burger and enjoyed it all. He is a big fan...as now when we drive by the place he yells "Big Dogs!"The service was really professional and friendly. The place is very clean and a nice casual atmosphere. We will definitely go back (this was our first visit). It was Christmas afternoon so the place was pretty empty. We enjoyed that it was this way! No wait, immediate seating and no loud noises. They were also playing highlights of football (especially the Steelers ;-) . We look forward to trying other menu items and would consider going to some of their events they advertise. Great burgers!
5	This place has such a relaxing environment and the food was DELICIOUS! I got the steak salad and my god was it the best salad ive ever had ! I come here every time im in the area
4	I've visited this place a half a dozen times over the years. Usually it's a quick stop for something to eat late at night after I get off work.The food and the service have always been great.
2	I have typically stopped in to toss a few bucks into the machines when bored but have eaten here on occasion too.  First off, while it's probably not so, you just get the feeling that nothing in the place is clean.  It's old.  It shows no signs of renovation and thus the feeling of 25 years  (just a guess) of being open twenty-four hours a day catches up with the place.  As I have seen in other reviews, the smoke hanging in the air doesn't jibe well with an eating establishment.  I had it at 3 stars, but writing the review, I just can't give 3 (A ok) to a place where my clothes stink like smoke every time I spend an hour there.Food positive:  Only place I know you can get a Bratzel (brat/burger combo on a pretzel bun)!  Food negative:  This place sort of touts itself as a Packer (ie Wisconsin) establishment but the cheese curds are terrible and covered in some sort of Parmesan cheese or something - gross - that's not how you serve cheese curds.  Oh...and as a "sports" bar, shouldn't you have the Big 10 network??  They don't.
5	Greatest bleu cheese hamburger on the planet...not to mention the beer is awesome. Good place to escape The Strip.
4	Good food & service! A favorite of mine. Have had the buffalo chicken wrap and burgers here.. The staff is friendly and the beer is cold!
5	we had the best meal in a long time here last night! Excellent fast service! we waited less than 10 minutes for our food, the food was AMAZING! steak was so delicious, garlic fries were sooooo gooood! and the brownie dessert was the perfect end to a wonderful meal. (sigh) I think im in love... :D
2	Excellent microbrews, annnnnd that's about it.Bad customer service, bad atmosphere...it almost doesn't know what it's trying to be...well that's not true.  It WANTS to be a Wisconsin bar in Vegas,  it's just that it does it very very poorly.  (And I went to college in Wisconsin UWEC FTW!!!)  This "should" be Packer heaven... WTF?  Try installing at least one TV that isn't 10 years old!It feels OLD, and so is the staff.
5	I had lunch here with my son the other day.  I had a great beer and and great patty melt with garlic fries.  UMMM, just thinking about it makes me hungry.  He goes here with the guys from work often.  Next time I will try the black and blue burger.  Great service, knowledgeable staff.
5	Great neighborhood hang out. Delicious food and amazing bartenders! What more could you ask for??
3	The burgers are very good. Bar with a normal atmosphere. Kids area away from bar. 24/7.
3	Bartender was great and knew the beers very well. Food was good, had the brat/sausage burger and it really hit the spot. The whole place itself looks like it needs a deep cleaning and to change its air filters but what can u expect from a local dive bar. I will go back when i want to gorge my self on good Wisconsin styled food though.
4	I've got to hand it to Big Dogs. My family has been coming to this place for years.Big Dogs is basically a PTs with microbrews with a cafe attached. You walk into the big Dog House. The bar area is 21 plus, it's smokey, and there are various video poker machines.The restaurant is on the left half of the building. There is a section of hi-top seating which allows seating; the larger dining area is lined with booths and scattered tables. I've never had a bad meal here, ever. Even those that I didn't like that much were based on my own taste buds (I just don't like brats, never will). They offer up amazing soups and cheese curds. If you are feeling indulgent, order some of these bad boys. They are gooey cheesy, beer-battered perfection. Seriously, my mouth is watering as I type this.Some of my go-to regulars are the Southwest Steak salad, the pulled pork sandwich, fish and chips, and grandma's pot roast. They offer fries, coleslaw, potato salad, or sweet potato fries. Service is always prompt and friendly. The place doesn't feel overly clean, but I think that has to do with the indoor smoking and dim lighting.  Big Dog is Top Dog, too!
3	Decent. Nothing mind blowing about it. We stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged we were there. Once seated the server was friendly enough but inattentive. We went for a few dry spells to say the least. The beers were decent though, and the food was pretty good.
3	Food was good, drink prices were alright. I tend to be surprised when barstaurants can't split c.hecks
1	"Welcome to Big Dogs; where you can eat, drink, smoke and play."Well, not any more.Just got the word.  Wiesner Jr is closing the place to focus on brewing beer at the North Rancho location.  I have eaten Walleye at the Sahara location every Friday for 5 years.  I'm going to miss it.  The beer was my least favorite part of going to Big Dogs.  The Dirty Dog IPA gives me a hangover that I do not get from any other alcohol, except their Jackpot 777!  When reinheitsgebot (Bavarian purity law) gets thrown to the curb you should expect bad things.Its been real, its been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
2	Eh / Meh / Uhh (or as yelp says, "Meh. I've experienced better.")Good service, decent food but really dark and somewhat spooky in the lack of windows and insane amount of cigarette smoke.I recommend a sandwich or fried chicken-type dish, don't try the salads. Trust me. And don't expect a great selection of craft beers, but the prices are fair and like I said, the service has always been good to great there.
3	Very sad to say that the bar was sold to a slot parlor & will be closing before New Years. The staff was good & so was the food. To many stupid slot parlors in this town now!
5	Went there for breakfast today and found out they are closing at 4pm today. They had great food and microbrews. I have been going here since they opened. I'll miss this place. I've never had a bad meal here.
1	I am sad people lost their jobs but I am not surprised.  We stopped in and stood and waited for 15 minutes to be seated, staff walked by us the bartender looked at us but they all ignored us.  Was it because we had kids ?  Not kid friendly at all, in the end we just walked out.
