1	I like chicken fingers and have been watching this place go up. The place is brand new. There was plenty of parking. The service was efficient and friendly. But there is more to lunch than looks.The 3 finger combo is just under $6.00 so even light eaters should bring a fat wallet. I was hungry and went for the 6 finger "Caniac Combo" for $8.30. My 11 year old son and I don't spend as much in a sit down restaurant as we did on today's fast food  lunch. There was plenty of food, unfortunately there is significantly more bad fries than average chicken. The chicken fingers are at best average and the sauce did not impress. Fortunately we had some Tobasco buffalo sauce to kick it up a notch. The fries are Ore-Ida without the crispy golden-brown outside or steamy inside.The combo professes to include Texas Toast - mine did not. I took the time to call and let them know. They did not apologize, just asked me to hold. No longer friendly or efficient :(  Eventually they came back on the line and let my son (I had to get back to work) know they would take care of it next time. Neither of us knows what that means and we not likely to find out.
3	This place came very highly recommended from several people.  My husband works in the area and was anxiously awaiting it's grand opening.  He found out the history of the place and the owner, and so we decided it was a place we'd go.We finally made it there yesterday.The place was clean and the people were friendly.  The menu is small, but I like that.  Too many options overwhelm me.  Hubby and I both ordered the meal that came with 4 chicken strips, fries, toast and coleslaw.  Our kids got the kids meal.  We paid nearly $28. This is more than I had expected, and more than I'd care to pay in the future.  For fast food, this is outrageous.  The chicken was good.  Not too flavorful, but the breading was perfect, not too much.  The fries were soggy and under done.  I could do better at home in my home fryer.  The toast was, well, toast.  Nothing special there.  And the coleslaw was same as store bought, I'd had better.  The "famed" Cane Sauce was ok.  It didn't blow my mind and it wasn't gross.  Ketchup was available, which was good since my kids thought the Cane sauce was "weird".  Ranch would have been more their taste.We may go back if there is a location that pops up closer to where we live, and if we were kid-less for the meal.  It's too expensive otherwise.
4	I would describe Raising Cane's as the chicken version of In-N-Out because they only sell one thing and that's chicken strips.The restaurant is decorated with Movie memorabilia. It's kind of odd considering it has nothing to do with the food but I liked it. The employees genuinely seem happy to be there and are extremely helpful.My boyfriend and I both ordered the chicken finger sandwich with fries and a drink. The fries were great and I enjoyed my chicken sandwich. I don't know how to describe the taste of their house sauce but I like it a lot. I used it on my fries and my sandwich. I had a good experience here. I think they need to jazz up the menu with more sauces and offer additional side items. I'll be back when I have a random craving for tasty chicken fingers!
3	On the one hand, I don't think this place deserves the 2.5 star rating it currently holds but on the other, I can understand the disappointment..We got the Box combo which is like 4 tenders, Texas toast, cole slaw, fries and drink.  I welcome this new kind of fast food restaurant in my neighborhood!  Its nice that you can get this kind of combo vs the traditional burger, fry, drink thing.  The prices are a tiny bit hefty - its just shy of Chipotle prices, I got this combo for roughly the price of a burrito.  That said, the tenders were pretty good!  Not overly breaded, fried right and not too greasy.  Not a huge fan of the Cane sauce - its not terrible but very negligible.  However, I do believe if you run a restaurant selling pretty much nothing but chicken tenders, you HAVE to offer more of a variety of sauces.  McDonald's offers 2 things - nuggets and tenders which comprise of what, 10% of the menu?  And they have like 10 sauces!  Anyway, more sauce options please!The toast and the fries were slightly less done than I prefer.  The coleslaw was ok - not too exciting.  The service was GREAT, staff are pretty friendly - of course there were only 4 customers..  The atmosphere is fun and modern - random posters and pictures on the walls.All in all, I'd like to see more sauces and a deeper fryer bath but I probably will get some more.  :)
2	2.5 starsThe short: Open and clean setup with friendly staff, but it's basically just-ok carby kid food.The long: On the south side of Thomas, just west of 44th St., turning left into the lot can be a bear during peak traffic, but it's otherwise fairly accessible for people driving in from the west or walking up, like I did. The inside is wide open and clean with plenty of chairs and tables that were just a little too cluttered around the restaurant floor plan. Otherwise, it doesn't stick out much from other fast food joints. I went during the middle of a somewhat busy lunch period, and who seemed to be the head cashier loudly greeted just about everyone who walked in the front door on the other side of the restaurant. My cashier was friendly and quick, though he seemed a tiny bit frazzled by the small rush. I ordered The Box combo and a lemonade to go and headed back to my office a short 5-minute walk away. I hoped the freshly squeeze lemonade would be awesome, even if they did charge only about a dime more than fountain drinks for a regular. Although I could taste the lemon, the drink was so sweet, it may as well have been from a mix or carton. The Box comes with a small container of sweet coleslaw dressed in a lot of mayo, a slab of soft-in-the-inside, perfectly browned-on-the-outside toast, somewhat slightly crisp, thin crinkle cut fries, a container of Cane sauce (which tastes like burger sauce), and, of course, four chicken strips. Unless you're me and you get only three chicken strips . . . or two smallish chicken strips and one big chicken strip that maybe they counted as two, but really, halfway through the meal, you're so carbed-out full that you don't miss anything aside from the extra dollar you paid for that extra chicken strip. The strips were fine. It was real chicken, and true to advertising, it was fresh. Sort of crispy, but not as crispy as I'd hoped, or even expected. Tender and moist enough to not be bad. But not special. All of it was pretty one-note. I can't even tell you what part of the meal I liked best . . . maybe the toast. Coincidentally, every time I took a bite of that toast, I'd think, "This is the most random slice of toast ever. What's it even doing here?" So, it's fine if you're like me and want to try every new eatery that opens near my home or office and appreciate the novelty of places like this, but personally, I won't be making a return visit.Edit: I almost threw my drink cup away before I noticed the giveaway pull tab on it--I won a free slice os Texas toast! How do you like them apples? =)
4	My first trip here, very clean and I love the aluminum chairs! The food was hot and fresh and I love their special sauce too. TOAST!
2	First visit to a Raising Canes..Mixed review here.On the good side--chicken was fresh, juicy, hot, and flavorful. Fries were fresh from the fryer..On the not so good side--Fries were the "old school" crinkle cut, processed fries you used to get 20+ years ago..Texas toast served with the meal was lightly toasted on one side only, and was not the least bit warm. Sauce served with fingers was a very "different" flavor than the norm.. The cashier described it as a mix of ranch and honey mustard.. I didnt get any sweet or mustard out of it. More like a chilipowder ranch???I would prefer a country gravy, a real honey mustard, or sweet and sour and/or bbq. But the worst part, IMHO, was the little cup of coleslaw.. Totally devoid of flavor. It was like they mixed cabbage with watery mayonnaise. My "box combo" was 4 smallish fingers, some fries, the little cup of coleslaw,and a small soda..It was $7.00 with tax. I would've been ok with the price if the slaw had been decent, the toast had been toasted and warm, and if they had better/more choices for sauce. But at this price, I was disappointed with what I got.
2	Maybe it's the 10 year old boy still in me but I LOVE chicken fingers! The thought of a restaurant dedicated solely to chicken fingers lead me to believe they MUST have perfected the art of amazing chicken fingers?So I thought.Went to the counter and was really surprised how small the menu is- it's tenders and a few sides, that's it!! Order the 3-tender basket which includes fries and some toast or bread. Asked for ranch STOP we only have our Cane Sauce. BUT I want ranch I exclaimed! We only have our Cane Sauce. and so on... Got my drink, by the time my drink was filled the guy from the counter was behind me with my basket in hand before I could even find a seat. Fingers - so the chicken fingers themselves were breaded, moist and tender, not greasy at all, however I felt they could be a little more crisp... They were much smaller than the ones in the picture at the store and web site.Fries - I don't normally eat fries. Don't get me wrong I like fries, I just avoid the carbs so If they were really good I would have eaten them. These were SOGGY, old-school crinkle cut fries!! The place sells chicken fingers and fries. WHY NOT MAKE AMAZING HOMEMADE FRIES? Why not do what the belgians do - cut 'em fresh, fry 'em TWICE (two different temperatures) and make them amazing? These were SOGGY. I would rather eat fries from Wendy's or even McDonalds.Decore - Very nicely laid out, modern looking store. They spent some money on the place, it's evident. BOTTOM LINE: If you are going to be a specialty store, you had better ROCK the few menu items you make. It'l be interesting if you are around in a few years.
2	My family and I went here last night because my daughter wanted "chicky" and we were driving down Thomas so decided to give it a try.  Definetly NOT a place we will be dying to come back to.  They don't have any options other than how many pieces you want.  There are no flavor options for the chicken, they just come in plain flavor.  The texas toast they served wasn't very toasty at all and the fries were cold and un-seasoned.  Service was fast & friendly - 1 star.  The chicken tasted pretty darn good - another star.
4	Not bad, the decor of the place is great; it looks clean, new and contemporary... I didn't really understand why there's a disco ball in the lobby but what the hell.It's one of the best fast food chicken fingers intown, the meat was very tender. Fries are good, sause was great, cole slaw was good; however, it's been 30 minutes since my meal and my body feels like it's overdosing on cholesterol... I'll be back if I don't suddenly die right now.
5	I just moved here from Las Vegas and though Phoenix basically has everything anyone could ever want, they didn't have Rasing Canes and I ate at my location back in Vegas every week for like three months before I moved preping myself to be without it. Well go figure they open a location just three miles from my new apartment the month I move to Phoenix! I feel so warm and fuzzy inside!I love this place because the chicken is always super fresh, the fries pair perfectly with it and the big texas toast with "The Box" is just right. The caniac sause goes with everything on the plate and I usually need extra! I'm not sure why people ar bitchin so much about this place though, it's basically the In N' Out for chicken, they serve one thing and they do it well. I can never get enough of this place and I highly recomend it to anyone! They always have the best, most fun and friendly service and I just love the pellet ice, I sware it makes the drink taste so much better. Try it for yourself  Phoenix, but try it with an open mind. Go inside, play along with the servers, enjoy the local flare hanging on the walls and read about the namesake dog Cane one and two. I love this place and I hope you can see why too!
4	I liked this place so much I went two days in a row... :)The staff was definitely friendly both visits. Saturday morning it was a little slower, but that just meant that I got extra attention from the staff. The chicken was outstanding! And loved the Texas Toast that came with my order. Welcome addition to our neighborhood. (I'm pretty sure my hubby goes through their Drive-Thru often.)
5	I just recently moved to Arizona and was ecstatic when I found out that Raising Canes had just recently opened up here! I used to live in Louisiana where this place originated and I would eat there probably 3 times a week, I am addicted to it. I read some of the other reviews complaining about how there is no variety and in my opinion that is what makes this place so great. I love chicken tenders, and they make the best. If I want to eat chicken tenders I'm going to Cane's. I find that because they only make chicken fingers they actually make a better quality more consistent meal (don't forget that we are still talking about a fast food restaurant). The lemonade is my favorite amongst any other food chain and I can't get enough of their Texas toast and signature sauce.  If you don't want chicken fingers don't go to Raising Cane's, if you are in the mood for some awesome Chicken fingers and lemonade then this is your place.
3	I went to Raising Canes for lunch.  Canes took over an old Burger King and spruced it up such it didn't look like an old Burger King.  That's a heck of a lot better than your basic 'berto's makeover.  The menu is limited; chicken strips, fries, coleslaw and Texas toast.   I had the 4-strip chicken box.  The chicken strips were freshly cooked and better than average, although I wish they had a bit more spice in the marinade or the breading.  The fries were crinkle cut, and were delivered warm and crispy.  The coleslaw was ... meh.  The Cane dipping sauce did enhance the taste of the chicken strips.  Overall the food was as good as what I would expect at a Church's or a KFC.  What was better the the competition was the look and cleanliness of the restaurant.  That is what I see as reason to go to Canes.  The table did not have the greasy fell you can have at other deep fry palaces.I'll likely be back, but not for the food.  I'll be back for the item of the meal I have not discussed; the soda fountain ice.  The ice is finely crushed, almost to a slushy texture, which makes it great for sipping and chewing.  So rare to find top notch crushed ice these days, you know.
4	Oh YUM.  Fantastic chicken strip shop!  Honey Mustard dressing is delish, Texas Toast is delish too!  The lemonade is wonderful!  Cane sauce just eh, fries are nothing new, cole slaw is bleh.  Who comes here for fries or cole slaw anyway, it's about the CHICKEN!  These strips surpass anything I've had before, they are wonderful.
4	Chicken fingers are such a basic concept, but the type of breading makes all the difference.  The fingers here are plump and juicy and the breading is actually light and crunchy, while I wouldn't call them my favorite chicken finger I have ever eaten, I would say they are my favorite fast food chicken finger.  They are much better than KFC or Jack in the Box, and there is something about the simplicity of the menu that I really like.  I love that they have crinkle fries, which in my opinion or the best fry you can get and the Cane's sauce is addictive!  It is cool, creamy with a punch of flavor, and I dip chicken and fries in it equally.  When I get "The Box" I always sub an extra sauce for the coleslaw, which I could care less about but it isn't bad.The Texas toast is a somewhat odd addition, but no carb lover should turn their nose up at it!  Probably my most favorite thing at Raising Cane's is the lemonade...it is the BEST lemonade I have ever had, much better than Chic-Fil-A's which I sometimes think is sour.  Sometimes chicken strips just sound good, and Raising Cane's satisfies, so give it a try!
5	Surprised so many are quick to discount a place that you can get a full meal for $6. Yes your chicken wasn't handed to you by a hipster in a barn that was upgraded with modern lighting and a DJ playing, but for what you pay for, Canes is awesome. If you want fried chicken fingers these have to be some of the best. To clarify for some of the others, a burger king used to be here and they welcomingly bulldozed down that atrocity to burgers to the ground. And they do have modern lighting, and a disco ball for some reason, if that is what you're into.
3	I checked out this place from a billboard I saw on the freeway. I'm a sucker for chicken strips, so had to check them out.When you walk in, it's a great industrial/ modern feel. They have pop culture posters & signs hanging everywhere.The menu is pretty simple, chix strips, slaw, fries and garlic toast, the options range in the amt of chix strips you want. I went with what they call The Box, I chose the lemonade, it looked fresh and was delicious. I enjoyed the chix strips, they were not greasy and actually had a good amount of chicken. The fries were the ole fashioned Ore Ida kind from when I was a kid. The slaw was ok and the garlic toast was great. The dipping sauce was average, I thought it was lacking a kick. All in all I would frequent Raisin Cane's again.
3	Not in the running as far as being the best chicken fanger in town.  Fairly decent serving sizes, but when you specialize in Fangers, your Fangers better be AWESOME !!These can be "very good" when fresh out of the fryer, but they are not AWESOME !!Coleslaw was completely pedestrian and bland.(Rock-n-Roll Fingers in Tempe does a far better job at making and selling the kind of chicken fangers that Raising Cane's oughta strive for.)I'm giving these guys one extra star because AWESOME fangers are hard to find in the fast food realm, and these are above average for sure.
2	Plain Jane Cane's! I don't think I've ever had such a bland, uninteresting meal. The simple menu could do with something to compliment the otherwise good (not excellent) chicken strips. The signature sauce is simply gross. Yes I have mixed ketchup, mustard and mayo as well, but trying to dress it up with a sort of Mrs. Dash type seasoning, completely failed. Really? A couple of other dipping sauces are going to eat up the profits?The Texas toast was a nice addition, but there ain't a place on planet earth that doesn't at least serve a 3-cent honey packet. Maybe the goal is to be as boring and middle-of-the road as possible. Having said that, the staff was great!
1	Bland Bland Chicken!! You would think if they specialize in chicken that it would be good, if not great. Not even close. The chicken had absolutely no flavor. The only thing that was good was the sweet tea & even that I've had better when I make it at home. If you have taste buds; DON'T EVEN BOTHER!!
2	It was okay. I compare it to a place back home called Zaxby's. The girl suggested that I order the box so that i could taste all that they had. The tenders were normal tenders, the secret sauce helped them out. The coleslaw was not good. The fries were gross. The best part of the meal was the toast and lemonade.
4	Not bad, but not great.  Just standard chicken strips.  The service, however, was the best service I have had a a fast food establishment.  The staff was wonderful.  I would choose Cane's over another establishment because of the staff.
3	The chicken fingers are good and juicy but they're not the best I've ever tasted. I wasn't that impressed by the dipping sauce or the fries, but I loved the Texas toast.
4	Food is good, I am from the southern east coast and was looking for food I am used to having back home. I thought this would be like Zaxby's and I was right it sure is similar. Only downfall to here is that they only offer the Canes Sauce, which is a Cajun based sauce and I am not big on Cajun, they should add some more sauces and then it would be perfect!
4	Very glad Cane's made their way to Arizona...it was one thing I missed about living in Las Vegas! It's not close to home, but always worth the drive for fresh, hot and delicious food and great service. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean and it is cheap comfort food.
2	I never wanted to find myself on Thomas Rd. saying "I'd like 3 fingers", but that's how my night at Cane's began.... Over all, I can say my 3 finger experience wasn't as fulfilling as I'd hoped.For being a place that "specializes" in chicken, I wasn't impressed. The special sauce was alright. They give you a piece of toast with your meal. Overall it just seemed greasy - not my style. I'd rather go get some chicken from Safeway.
4	I had been told how amazing the food was, so I think I was slightly disappointed. However, it WAS good, just not life changing...but the thing that set this place apart was the service! I felt like I was in a sit-down restaurant. The cashier was very nice and personable, came to check on us, and it was extremely clean and well-decorated. It did not feel like a fast food joint.
3	Nothing crazy out of the ordinary here. You get some chicken strips that taste like any other chicken strip you can get anywhere (not worse nor better). The fries are crinkle fries, kind of like the ones you get at del taco (i like del taco's better actually). I liked the cajun dipping sauce that came with them it was almost like a cajun ranch, the bread was also really good. As first timers we asked the clerk about what she would recommend and she was amazingly nice. She was patient and helpful in our decision, she also had a big smile on the whole time. Just because I wasn't wowed by this establishment (i like chik-fil-a better), I probably won't be returning but if it's the only thing around I wouldn't discourage it.
5	omg nom nom nom !
3	Service was GREAT, texas toast is awsome...the chicken was good but lacked seasoning and the sauce is not very good. Quality and service is good, they just need a little better chicken. I hope they adjust it and it will be FANTASTIC!
1	"Lowering Cane's expectations" should be the name.They have just set the bar low on food quality and taste.  No seasoning at all in the breading of the chicken fingers and the fries seem like they came straight from your grocer's freezer.Must not have thought much of their dog if this is their tribute to him.  Just drove away disappointed.  Want my junk food to taste good if I'm going to splurge with this type of caloric intake.Only positive was stellar Drive-Thru service and the place seemed pretty clean.Don't waste your time.
1	The people at the register were friendly, now onto my review.I thought I would try this place since it is one of the new places to eat around work. I ordered "The BOX" and got it to go. I was surprised just how long it took to get my food despite there being maybe 5 or 6 people sitting down at the tables and nobody else in line. I asked if they had other dipping sauces since special sauces are always disappointing, and they don't have any. Seriously? Not even BBQ? You specialize in chicken fingers and don't have BBQ? Ok fine, I'll try your sauce. It was terrible, I ate an entire finger using it hoping that it would get better, it didn't. I had to go find some hot sauce here at work since the chicken itself was so bland.Chicken - Not bad texture wise, but bland.Sauce - Terrible. Get more sauces, the one you tout as the best doesn't have the ability to stand on its own. Asking others in the office its either a love it/hate it verdict, which essentially means those who hate it won't be repeat customers.Fries - Did you get these from Fry's across the street? Crinkle cut bland fries, yeah that sounds like store bought.Texas Toast - GreatColeslaw - Never been a fan, so no review here.Apparently this place stays in business by those who actually like the sauce since everything else they serve is underwhelming.
4	I am not usually a fan of fast food, but I will give Raising Cane's a pretty solid score.  It is very clean inside and very attentative service.  A very limited menu offering but solid food.  The chicken is moist and succulent and the fries are the typical frozen fries.  You do have to wait a few minutes for your food though.  They are cooking it a la minute (to order).  I am pleased with these guys so I will go back!
5	This is for the new store in Tempe.  we have been eating at the Phx. store but very happy new the store in Tempe is open.  One of the employees in Nevada told us about the new store opening and it was great to see her her in TEMPE TRAINING THE NEW STAFF.   NATALIE from Vegas is just great.  The service is excellent and the food is consistent from store to store and very happy with that.  Management and staff at all locations come by on a regular basics and check if everything is ok or do we need anything.  Great Service for a fast food operation.  Keep up the good work, great food...Caniac Club Member 6000405536375759
4	The food was fresh, the place was clean, a great place for lunch or a snack.
1	bland and overpriced.  For a place that specializes in strips, you'd think they would be better than KFC.....they are not.
4	Went back and chicken was better...still a little room for improvement but I did bump it up to 4 stars
5	Hot chix!!!! Living in the south for a quater of a century I must admit, I was a little bumed leaving some of that style food behind. Moving back home to the west is awesome and then....wooHoo! Bonus Big Score! Raisin Canes....A bit of the deep south, right'cheer N da desert!!!! If you've never eaten southern fried yard bird, check'EM out! The sauce is Bombdigity!
1	Ok if you are a little kid and like chicken nuggets. Nothing I would EVER return for. Blan
5	I give this place 5 stars all the way!!. We were out in Arizona this past summer and my boyfriend told me about this place and we got food there and I was blown away. It was incredible I love their bread, and the chicken. I kinda wish they have this place in San Diego.
4	very good chicken for a fast food place. juicy meat in the chicken fingers and it tastes awesome dipped in the Cane's dipping sauce. I like that you get big pieces of actual chicken. I did not like the coleslaw, but I'm not a fan of coleslaw in general. the sweet tea is great - not TOO sweet like at most places. the worst thing about my meal was the fries. they serve the crinkly cut fries like you used to get with your cafeteria meal in elementary school. no flavor at all to the fries. I'd definitely eat here again, but if given the choice between here and Chick-fil-a, I'd rather eat at Chick-fil-a because they use more flavor in the breading on their chicken and their waffle-cut fries are MUCH bettter than the fries here.
5	For a fast food place, this is 5 stars.  Excellent chicken fingers - juicy with a think breading.  Their Texas Toast is delicious too. Fries are average - but i am a sucker for a crinkle fry.   Service is always friendly and my order is right every time - which isn't always the case for fast food.  If you want delicious fast food this place is great.
4	Great fast food, chicken was fresh and all white meat, zero fat with a great breeding. Fries were adequate, and toast was awesome!  I hardly eat fast food but when I do this is on the list.
3	For specializing in chicken I felt it was lacking in flavor... There is no seasoning. Chicken was all white meat and very fresh but just like food you could make at home. They don't carry ranch for the chicken/fries only their famous canes sauce or honey mustard neither of which I like the taste of.. Reason for 3 stars was excellent customer service and very clean and well kept inside. ps my b-friend did like the canes sauce tho. Prob won't return... no real reason to.
5	Excellent.  The chicken fingers are the best i have had, anywhere.  Lightly battered, crispy, hot, delicious.  The staff is warm and inviting, and they came around to check on us mid-meal. Nowhere else fast-casual do you feel so welcome.  Delicious, clean, lovely.
5	Tried this place for the first time tonight, and was impressed with absolutely everything. Well-lit building in a decent location in the Arcadia area. I drove here from the Garfield neighborhood and it was well worth it. Juicy chicken and awesome cafeteria throwback crinkle fries, along with one of the best slices of toast I've ever had. All three of these foods were still crispy when I got home, which almost never happens with fast food. I wish I had gotten the girl's name who took care of me. She was cute as a button- very enthusiastic and happy to answer my questions. I'll be back here soon!
5	fresh chicken and the dipping sauce is awesome. sounds funny but they have the best ice for drinks
5	Again another hometown (LA) food that has come to the valley and we stop in whenever we get into town.  The chicken is great, the fries are crinkle cut and I love the bread on top!  But the best part is the "Sauce"!  The restaurant is clean, the food is good and I love the sauce!
4	I visited for the first time today.  The customer service was great.  The gal that took my order (I can't remember her name although she offered it) was very helpful explaining the menu.  The food was yummie and the service quick.  I like it!!
4	I love this place. It reminds me of Zaxby's from the South. Simple good food, dipped in tasty sauce. I always like getting the Big Box meal so I can have the coleslaw, but I find the coleslaw tastes too salty for my liking. It's the one thing that makes me a little sad, but it won't stop me from enjoying everything else.Service today was great, every single employee seemed to have great customer service skills, which was refreshing for a fast food joint.
5	I am a bit of a chicke finger connoisseur. In my humble opinion this is the best chicken finger specific joint in the country. Chicken is fresh, breading isn't too substantial, sauces are homemade and fresh, garlic bread is great compliment,  and the krinkle cut fries are excellent. If i have one complaint it is they don't have BBQ sauce. Luckily the sauces they do have are outstanding. Any city my wife and I visit that has a Cane's it is a requirement that we visit!
4	Yup in n out of chicken
5	I took my first trip to Raising Cane's on Memorial Day! First the the young lady Kendall provided excellent customer service from a polite introduction to great service for all my needs. Second the quality of the food was great and was visibly hot and fresh. Overall I give my experience a 10/10 and recommend Raising Cane's not only for the great food but great service!
4	Yummy chicken fingers, great sauce and friendly service!I really like this chain that has only recently entered the Valley. The restaurants are nice and clean, decorated in fun style with movie posters and other pop culture memorabilia on the wall. Each restaurant also seems to support its local high school sports teams and many of the workers likely come from those schools.Service has been very friendly, you order and they bring the food to your table. Going through the drive-through is very quick as well.As for the food, they keep the menu simple: chicken fingers, fries, and Texas toast. The breading on the chicken fingers is tasty and I really love the special dipping sauce they provide - not sure how to describe the flavor except that its really good.Overall, Raising Cane's is a great addition to the Valley's fast food scene.
5	Delicious!  My son is addicted to the chicken and Texas toast.  The service is always very pleasant and the food is always fresh and hot.  Very rarely have I had much of a wait in the drive thru line.  Definitely a crowd pleaser with the high school students in the area!
4	Good chicken. I love their sauce!Fast and friednly service too.
4	good food but my cashier was not very smart when it came to math she tried to charge me an extra .30  and for some strange reason the place had a smell of fried catfish
5	First time here and we were greeted by the very friendly staff! We got our food quickly even though it was busy. Amazing chicken, toast, fries, coleslaw and of course their special dipping sauce. I felt like I got a large amount of food for what I paid, but the quality didn't suffer whatsoever. The food is just awesome!!! Can't wait to come back!
2	Everyone is very nice in Raising Cane's.Taste is really average, nothing even close to famous chicken finger.
4	The customer service is top notch especially for a fast food joint.I ordered the 3 piece chicken finger meal and it was good. The chicken is fried but greasy at all, on the inside the chicken is very moist and and tender not dry and overcooled like most chicken finger/ tenders. The only downside the breading could use a little bit flavoring.Overall the food was high quality and not to expensive, I would go back.
4	I have heard many positive things about this place so I finally had to go try it. I went with a coworker. I got the three finger combo. It came with three tenders, fries, Texas toast, and a drink. For the price, this is a great deal! The chicken and fries weren't greasy! That's really important. This location is sort of difficult to get to. There's plenty of seating and the girl that helped us was new, but very friendly. If I'm ever in the area again, I will be coming back.
5	I've always passed by this fast food restuarant everytime i went for fueling or heading out to walmart or frys. after seeing their commercials, i've decided to give them a try; and i have to say, their chicken fingers are delicious. Always fresh, crispy and tender. The Chicken Box combo was right-on. It had fresh chicken fingers, freshly toasted buttered bread, cole slaw and fries. This is my second time coming here in a week but i will try to limit my visits to once/month (i'll try :( .... )
5	Best chicken fingers I've had! Love the sauce, bread, and fries. The lemonade is really good too. I think this place is way better than chick film a! Plus it's open late if you get those late night cravings!
5	Great tasting chicken and the southern bread is wonderful. Canes sauce is a must must must. Don't see any dessert on the menu,  only downer .. But open until midnight ! Great for late night cravings .. Great value for the amount of food per meal.
5	Love, love, love! Great food and good people working there. I do have a suggestion for them though. My dad loves your chicken but instead of just fries, coleslaw, and texas toast, he'd like to see more of a variety of sides. He'd also like to see different pieces of chicken and not just chicken fingers. I am happy with it the way it is, but you should probably increase the menu for others.
4	I was surprised by this place.  When I first seen it, I was thinking it was just another fast food joint. When I had gone in side. I was like, "whit is this, it just have chicken fingers? What gives." Then I ordered and, Wow." The food was great. And I can see why specialising in one foid type, really makes a difference. Service was good, inside was clean and well decorated.  Though the price is a bit high.
5	I LOVE this place and can't get enough of it! From their chicken strips to their Texas Toast, to their amazing coleslaw, it's ALL good! Only drawback is it's a little more expensive price-wise for my liking but hey, it's an indulgence, or a treat, when I have it. Love their food, the ambience, and the friendly staff. Once when they forgot something to put my order they just moved me on back through the line so I could get my remaining parts to my order and get me off and running. If you're looking for a new chicken place, give Raising Cane's a shot.
3	Good food but nothing too special.  The sauce is pretty delish.  I have to say the customer service is def outstanding.  I would eat there again but it isn't something that I would be dying to eat.
4	I've eaten here twice and both times I've been pleasantly surprised by how *good* it is. I'm not normally a fan of fast food, but their chicken tastes and looks like real chicken, as opposed to some other fast food restaurants. The chicken strips, fries, and Texas toast are all very yummy. Their staff is also very friendly and fun. The last time we drove through, one of the staff members was changing the trash bag in a trash can in our sight. She waved at us with a big smile on her face and did a funny little dance, which brought a smile to my face!
3	I really like this place because it has a lot of potential. One of the tweaks I would make is to get a decent honey mustard dipping sauce. Also, I thought calling out people's name in the restaurant with their food order was annoying. I guess I find that annoying because I was trying to get some reading in during the lunch break. I did like their ketchup dispenser. No more worrying about ketchup splattering on your shirt. Next time I'll have to take a picture of it.This was my first time in a Raising Cane so I decided to order the Caniac which consists of 6 chicken strips plus a bunch of crinkle fries and a soda for about $8 dollars. I thought you get a lot for your money. I enjoyed the chicken strips but they would have tasted much better with the honey mustard sauce.
4	Very tasty place for a quick lunch that's hot and fresh.  They really only serve one main entree; chicken fingers.  They do that really well though.  They are tender, juicy, and the coating is light and crunchy.  The drive-through is efficient even when there's a long line.
4	Not much to talk about....great place....good food.....im not much into canes.....but the wifey loves it....nuff said.
1	Had lunch here Saturday and was up all night with food poisoning. Thought I was going to die. Will not be eating here again the rest of my life. Can I guarantee that I got if from here no. But 8 hours after lunch I was dancing around the bathroom. Worst pain I have had in years. Just check to make sure your chicken in done that all I have to say.
5	Love this place! They have the most flavorful and juicy tenders anywhere! They are also a very charitable organization and that is something I respect!
2	I had a late night craving for chicken and searched for a restaurant.  This was my first time at this diner. Both the parking lot and restaurant's interior were very clean.  I didn't check out the bathrooms. I was disappointed that this place only sells chicken fingers, very few sides and NO desserts.  .  what few choices were left, were also pricey.  I ordered the sandwich for my daughter and 3 chicken finger combo for myself.  While the chicken tasted like "real" chicken, it lacked the seasoning I'm used to and had more breading than meat for me.  The cole slaw was kinda off, but the fries were on da money.  Nevertheless, I won't be eating here again, as I was looking for chicken pieces not tenders.
4	Came here for the first time yesterday and it was delicious! Chicken was juicy and tender. I like how the menu options are small and not too overwhelming. We went thru the drive thru and they didn't offer us any sauce or anything but if they had hot sauce it would have been perfect. The cane sauce was okay nothing special. We will be coming here again!
4	As far as fast food chicken goes, Raising Canes takes the cake. There chicken is juicy, succulent and finger lickin' good. Paired with their secret Canes sauce, coleslaw, crinkle cut fries, and a slice of garlic bread, you'll never leave hungry!
3	First time at Canes for lunch today. They had 80s music blaring. With the linoleum floor, it was loud. The cashiers were very engaged in their work and did a good job. Ordered for a crowd so I got the 25 piece tailgater with some fries and toast. It came with sauce. Order arrived in 8 minutes which tells me it was not made fresh. Too bad. The chicken was hot but lacked the crispness I was hoping for. I think most of it was cooked before I arrived. The fries were very limp. Not very appetizing. Most of them went uneaten. Not impressed by Cane's but my coworkers keep raving about it so I'll give it another try someday. It just won't be a go-to.
3	The food here isn't necessarily bad, it's just bland and lacking taste. The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is VERY clean. All and all, I wouldn't object to returning here to eat in the future, but I don't think I'll be craving it anytime soon.
4	I will admit - Cane's sauce is what keeps me coming back! But at this particular location, it's the staff as well. They always deliver outstanding customer service, which is awesome because there are so many places that hire these young kids who are just brats. Whoever is the hiring manager - keep up the good work! And give your staff a pat on the back.
5	I freak'n love this place! So tasty and I get their honey mustard sauce ... I go to this at least 3 times a month
4	Our food was taking a while and Vanessa came out and have us a meal voucher and apologized. Super nice and professional. Thanks Vanessa!
2	Went to Raising Canes today. First I have to say the place was clean and the staff was nice. I had  the Box which consisted of 4 chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw ,toast and drink. The chicken was hot and not too greasy and seemed pretty fresh, but bland bland and more bland !! The sauce was okay but no real spice or flavor, need more choices in sauces, fries soggy not fresh, frozen and not cooked well, coleslaw out of a box not fresh. In my opinion it was very expensive for the quality of food. Won't be back.
5	LOVE RAISING CANES!!! So delicious and your order is made fresh so it takes just a tiny bit but definitely worth the wait. You can also sub out the coleslaw for another piece of toast or more sauce! Also join their "Caniac Club" for free food!
4	Raising Cane's is delicious and I always end up coming here a couple times whenever I am in town on business.  They are the only show in town now that my favorite - Rock N' Roll fingers has closed.Their chicken strips are big and fried perfectly golden brown as are their fries.  Their signature dipping sauce is smooth and peppery and I always have to order an extra to go with my chicken and fries.  It is more or less exactly the same sauce they serve at Zaxby's chicken.Fun decor and fast with your order.  If you love chicken strips, I recommend this place highly!
3	I usually get great service when I go here. It's been one of the things I've been impressed with because unlike most places they didn't seem to hire bratty teenagers, but that's exactly what I got last night. I pulled up, ordered and the girl at the window repeated everything back to me. When I pulled up to the window, another employee was screaming and playing around. I'm all for having fun, but not at the expense of service. The girl at the window was obviously distracted and handed me only one item I had ordered. When I told her I had ordered another meal, she got snotty with me. She gave me my other order, which still was missing my 4 extra canes sauces. When I again told her that I needed the sauces, she was incredibly rude, asked me to see my receipt and made a big deal about how she hadn't charged me for it even though she had repeated my order back to me at the speaker and definitely included the 4 sauces. She didn't end up charging me, but the whole thing was just ridiculous. I'm extremely disappointed with this whole experience.
5	My family and I love Raising Canes. Get The Box Combo and Sweet tea mixed with Lemonade. BEST CHICKEN AND TEXAS TOAST EVER!
4	If you hate coleslaw.. you can sub it for an extra piece of toast.What what!!Love this place and it is great for the days where you want to make easy decisions. Because there is literalyl 3 things on the menu. It is awesome!
2	So, after hearing a lot of really good things about Raising Cain's I decided to swing by for lunch today.  Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed.   I'll go through piece by piece.-The bread was pretty awful.  It was soggy and had a weird flavor to it.  -The fries were average at best.  Not terrible but nothing special either.-Cain's sauce is BLEH.  I tried their honey mustard as well and it wasn't very good, either.-The chicken was the only thing that was actually good.  The breading was very plain but the chicken itself was tasty and, as others have mentioned, actually tastes like real chicken.-There was a lot of food for the price, so that was good, too.Overall it wasn't very good.  I won't be a repeat customer.
5	This is the best sauce for chicken ever!  i wish they would sell it by the gallon!  Always polite staff, restaurant is always clean.  Did I mention that the sauce is the best ever?  Chicken is super tender!  Only thing that could make it better is if they delivered to my lazy A$$!  I heart you!
5	5 stars for Fast Food is different than dining establishments.  5 stars for awesome Chicken fingers.  The caniac is what I always get.
