4	So, this place may be a little hole in the wall that a typical person would pass by on a normal day. Don't do it though. This is a wonderful place for some great dumplings. They have a whole list of several meat and vegetable dumplings at a great price. The atmosphere is cafeteria style. I would recommend that anyone who likes dumplings and happens to be in Montreal should stop by for a huge plate of dumplings.
4	Tucked away on a quiet street of St Marc, there's Qing Hua, a dumpling shop where you would least expect. Its wooden sign with huge Chinese characters adorned the tiny entrance that leads to a space of not more than 5 tables. What the hell do they actually sell?Well, once you walked in, when you look through the glass window, there's usually several Chinese ladies, carefully making the dumplings from scratch with their hands. I thought it was fascinating. Not because they make dumplings from scratch. Gosh, I made them myself too. But it's just I don't expect to see this in the middle of no where in Montreal.The waiter finally came up to us and gave us their menu. They have a wide selections of dumplings with an option to have them steamed or with soup. Fried? Don't even think about it. With dumplings this fresh, you would be a fool to deep fry them. There are also some very exotic items that you can order if you know Chinese.I ordered the pork with cilantro dumpling and it was ready after 15 minutes wait. It was mild and tasty and you can taste the nice texture of the homemade dumpling skin. With a little soy sauce, it's, should I say, heavenly.Expect nothing but dumplings here. Go get your fried rice somewhere else. But if you are seriously into authentic homemade dumplings, this is the place to go.
5	They have moved to 1676 Lincoln and will be open on the 15th of October.
5	today was my first time at Qing Hua - the first of many more to come. upon entering i noticed a number of quirky decorations and a somewhat curious split between a cafeteria style seating area and a more intimate section, but the place is small enough that i felt lucky just to get a table. my companion very cleverly called ahead to order so almost as soon as we arrived, we were greeted with their new soup (as of the start of this year). while it was only so-so (hot & sour soup consistency without hot or sour flavours; it looked rather like plum sauce with tofu but was rather tasteless), i knew there was more to come. the carrot-cabbage-vermicelli salad had a deliciously sweet dressing and was devoured in no time. it was followed by another delicious salad, and although i couldn't identify it, it was wonderful. then came the dumplings. we ordered pork & shrimp, beef & celery and curry chicken. all three were steamed and absolutely perfect. with a splash of bouillon in each, every bite was fresh, textured and simply bursting with flavour.the entire meal came to just about $40 before tip. this included two soups, a decent sized salad, a second smaller salad, and about 30 dumplings in all. i couldn't ask for a better value or more flavour. the staff were courteous and accommodating making this my new favourite place to eat!(sorry for raving, but it really was that good. i'm sure other reviews will be more critical.)
5	I had dinner here tonight on the suggestion of Jeff S. (thanks, Jeff!) and the dumplings did not disappoint. Being the hot and sour soup fiend that I am, I had to order a bowl when I spotted it on the menu for a mere $2.99. I'm glad that I did, the soup was entirely satisfying and it's easily the best I've tried in Montreal so far. My friends and I decided to skip on the other appetizers and headed straight for the main event. We ordered beef and coriander steamed, lamb and green onion steamed, and curry chicken fried.  If you decide to order fried dumplings there is an extra $1.50 fee but we thought it was worth it for the variety. The curry chicken dumplings were tasty and quite flavourful, although we got tired of the taste about halfway through the dumplings. Next time I may just order half an order instead . Oh yeah, you can get an order of half and half as long as the two flavours are the same price and there's an extra 50 cent fee. My favourite dumplings were the beef and coriander, but this may very well be due to my strong bias towards anything that contains cilantro/coriander. Both types of steamed dumplings had just enough soup inside to add a delicious burst of flavour without being unmanageable. But a word of caution, you may want to give them a minute or two to cool down to avoid burning your mouth. All in all it was a great meal and very affordable. Next time I will be sure to order some of the salads to break up the dumplings.As a side note, one of my friends is from Northern China and he said there's a dumpling restaurant near his house with the same name. Ha! And he found the dumplings were very comparable to that restaurant.
5	Completely delicious. I came here based on other people's Yelp reviews and they did not lie. Hot and sour soup is a MUST. I almost ordered a second bowl. I had shrimp and vegetarian dumplings which were amazing as well.I can't wait to go back. Cheap too. But bring cash.
4	The restaurant calls itself Qing Hua: Juicy Dumplings, and they don't lie. Just about the juiciest dumplings you'll ever eat in your life are here in this unsuspecting quiet little street of Montreal. They serve the crescent style dumplings, rather than the more familiar pot stickers. I ordered the steamed pork, leek, and shrimp dumplings. The filling is sooooo juicy and tender. I think these are possibly the best dumplings that I've had in a while. The skin is really thin and tender. I think to have these dumplings fried would be a travesty because you wouldn't get the subtle tenderness of the filling or the skin as much. I'm waffling a bit on giving this place 4 or 5 stars. Dumplings are definitely worth of 5 * consideration. The hot and sour soup that everyone raved about was okay. Didn't think it was anything special. The restaurant is a little confused about what it is. One half is cheap tacky Chinese and the other half is actually pretty nice EXCEPT it has this weird strip of linoleum tiles that continued from the cheap tacky side. I don't know. Maybe that's how the two halves of the restaurant are connected? Regardless, if you're in Montreal, you should have the dumplings here. An order of 15 dumplings are about $10 (price varies by filling type). ***Cash only***
4	If you like dumplings you'll love Qing Hua.  I think there were close to 30 (or more) dumpling varieties on the menu - featuring vegetarian, pork, seafood, chicken, lamb, beef and various combinations as well as various additions such as cabbage, coriander, curry, etc.  And, you can get them steamed, boiled or fried (for $1.50 more).  15 dumplings to an order for steamed or fried - you get a few more if you have them boiled.I had the steamed pork with coriander dumplings and they were very good - extremely tender and flavorful.  And, very filling!  Total cost was just over $10 and included hot tea.With so much variety, my only wish is that they'd offer combinations - even if they'd charge a bit more for them.  I would have loved to try a few more flavors and have a few fried dumplings.  Maybe they do offer this if you ask - but it'd be nice to mention on the menu as well.
5	This place is still amazing, but I think I may have overhyped the hot and sour soup. I think it was especially good the first time I've had it, but ever since then it's just been pretty good but nothing spectacular. The search for a perfect bowl of hot and sour soup continues...Oh and definitely get the coleslaw. Really yummy.
5	Delicious tasty well seasoned dumplings. Very fresh. Well made. Explosion of flavor when the dumpling's inside soup gets in your mouth. Quaint little underground place. You have to be patient, but it is understandable, as the dumplings are prepared as you order.
4	Tasty food, juicy dumplings. Service is less than average. Take out frozen dumplings also cook well. (just don't thaw before cooking.)
4	Not to brag but I am  one of the lucky people to really have Xiaolong Bao in Shanghi at Yu Gardens. This place does a nice job, and the choices of fillings is really fun and not an option at the famous dumpling shop. The biggest difference though is the wrapper. Here they are too dry and often have a hole in them. Never the case in Shanghi. I also miss the sauce, black vinegar with ginger and sesame oil.  All criticism aside, I have never had any closer outside of China. It's American prices but it's in America. Shanghai's run $1 for 15.
5	I love these dumplings!These tasty dumplings are fresh as you order them and it shows!Honestly, I can't really identify the dumping after I order them, but that's fine. The flavour is so rich and juicy that my mouth misses the subtleties.I love going here and trying new flavour combinations. Seaweed and beef (I think)? Yes please! Just pick two flavours, ask for 15 steams dumplings, and enjoy!The price is right and the ambiance is ok. It's a bit tough to find find though, it's unlikely you'll stumble upon this place.
3	This place was good, but i think it is over rated on yelp.  The dumplings were good, but too salty for my taste.Yes, there's a lot of choices and maybe we were not lucky, but my gf and I were not that impressed.
4	I just picked up a couple bags of the frozen pork and green onion dumplings to replenish my dwindling supply. At about $8.95 for 30 frozen dumplings, the value is awesome--though I can imagine that at least some people don't appreciate paying twice the price when they dine-in. The dumplings are as juicy as the signs on the window declare and the filling is fresh, perfectly seasoned and all-around delicious. The dumpling wrappers are also tasty and do a great job of keeping the soup and filling in without being too thick or chewy. Definitely a great place to go whether you're looking to have a quick lunch or taking something home for later.
4	Qing Hua is definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants in Montreal and in terms of dumplings I doubt you will find a better place to go. Though a small restaurant I've never really had a problem getting a seat, even around lunch time, and it's always a relatively pleasant experience.The only thing to really be sour about is the service which I thought was lackluster. We ordered our dumplings and were promised soup since that is an integral part of the meal but we never got it...That's a damn shame. Thankfully this did not happen more than once. Even then though the service is relatively slow and to get a seat is sometimes more of a pain than it should be. The dumplings though are exquisite and are both juicy and flavorful. I usually order the pork and cabbage ones; half fried and half steamed. It's always excellent and the price is perfect. I've also tried the pork and coriander ones and these were excellent as well and somehow strangely refreshing. Overall, this is a place definitely worth checking out even if you are not a fan of Chinese cuisine. Dumplings are easy to get into and enjoy and there is no reason you won't like eating a lunch at Qing Hua. Given how low the prices are it's definitely worth giving a shot.
5	I took an extra long walk down St. Catherine to find this small street level shop.  It almost seems out of place mixed in a quiet area with almost all Middle Eastern restaurants and bakeries.  There is only one waitress barely caring for all of the customers and she does not have time for your needs.  A complimentary pot of tea is served.  I also appreciate the namesake specific dinner wear that is served with the logo.  There are different condiments on the table for you to mix together as your own sauce recipe.  I recommend 1/3 ratio of each.  The dumplings here are served in large quantities per order, which range from $9-12 CAD.  Some previous reviews noted that they compare with soup dumplings, or Xiao Long Bao.  From the appearance of the crescent shaped pillows, this did not appear true.  However, once you bite into the skin, your mouth will fill with hot, delicious soupy goodness.  After eating XLB a multitude of times in NYC, this familiar experience was long overdue.  The skin is thicker and has more chew to it, but that is actually what I prefer.I ordered the shrimp and pork dumplings, which were perfectly seasoned with a sweet and salty balance topped off with a ginger fragrance.  My only complaint is that the shrimp inside were not deveined.  One order is definitely enough per person, and more than that would be overkill.  I do regret not ordering a vegetable based appetizer to break up all of the meat intake.  Maybe the cold cucumber salad would be a good pairing in the future.
4	Some relatives and I were staying in the area for the night and this place was in our price range. Despite the tacky lights outside, we completely passed by this place due to it being on the lower level. Also apparently, I pronounced the name of this restaurant wrong and everyone thought I was saying the name of a very prestigious university in China.As we inched towards the restaurant, I knew all of us felt the same vibe -- it was the feeling of uncertainty mixed with a little panic. I could tell because everyone was walking slower and slower. Do we really want to eat here?  It appeared completely empty.  Doubts were expressed but Yelp wouldn't let me down! So we walked inside.  I was relieved to find a second, more occupied room that we originally could not see through the window, but that feeling immediately dissolved upon doing my classic race-check.  Seeing only white people in a Chinese restaurant is always a little unsettling if you've come expecting good Chinese foodWe ordered 90 dumplings total for the six of us. Half were fried; the rest were steamed or boiled.  I even liked the chicken/mushroom dumpling I had and I normally hate mushrooms (blegh!)These dumplings don't require any sauces to make them taste good.  They're really juicy and if you bite into them just right, juice will squirt out the other side and into your cousin's eye.  If you don't like fitting an entire dumpling in your mouth, you can also take a super small bite and suck out the juices before you eat the rest. I've made a lot of dumplings in my time but I have no idea how they manage to make every single dumpling sealed with juices.The dumplings were really light in terms of salt (just the way I like them) so if you do want to add some sauce, I recommend dipping your dumplings in a mixture of 3/4 soy sauce and 1/4 red chili sauce (half of it being the chili oil and the other half the chili).  I'm not a big fan of vinegar but I was told to put at least a few drops in it because that's what you're supposed to do for dumplings.Our food came relatively quickly but they did seem understaffed in terms of service.  The waitress was so busy that I couldn't flirt with her--I was very disappointed about that.  There was another guy at the cash register who helped out with our order and when we asked for refills for our tea (I winked at him twice).15 dumplings will cost around $10. They charge an extra $1.50 for fried dumplings, which surprised us a little at the end. Fried dumplings filled with pork and cabbage was my favorite of the bunch, followed by steamed shrimp dumplings.  Definitely don't be fooled by its appearance and try this place out!
4	Tucked on a side street just off Rue Guy was this little delight.  From the yelp reviews I knew I had to try it on my recent trip to Montreal.  I went there with dumplings on my mind and nothing else.  Almost as soon as we sat down a pot of tea appeared.  A nice thing, espeically since the other "dumpling" place we went to (see my review of Mai Xiang Yuan) didn't even have it as an option!  We got the shrimp, cabbage and egg dumplings steamed and the pork and cabbage ones pan fried.  Both were good.  But again a bit of a different style than I typically have gotten or made.  They are like wanna be soup dumplings.  But not really enough to be soup, more like a big squirt of broth.  Good, and tricky not to get on you, but not the same as soup dumplings I've had in other places.  I'm starting to think of this as the "montreal" style of dumplings.  The pork ones were pretty good, although they could have used another 1 minute to really give them a good texture.  The steamed ones were fine, but I really didn't get any egg in mine and the dough had a bit more "bite" to in than I typically expect.  Although the thickness was good.  One cool thing is they will sell you frozen dumplings to take home.  A great idea!  Rather buy these than the machine produced ones in a bag with mystery meat.  Prices are good, but didn't try anything else other than the dumplings.  The chili oil was very good and I highly recommended using it.  Not blazing hot, just a slight tingle to the outside of your lips but a great flavor.  My solution to the squirting dumpling syndrome?  Just pop the whole thing in your mouth and bit letting the juice flood your mouth instead of squirting out onto your shirt.
5	I'm no dumpling expert, but these little beauties are some of the best I've ever had. Personal favourites are any of the ones with corriander. Make sure to get a mix of fried and steamed. One of my favourite places to eat downtown. Great place to go with a friend or two. Check it out.
4	It's not a lie, these dumplings really are the best in town.Qing Hua is located a little bit off the beaten path on Lincoln Street, but the place is packed all time. They have about two dozen varieties of dumplings, and all can be ordered fried or steamed. Personally I'm a fan of fried, they're not deep fried, just pan-seared a bit on the outside. They're served with a spicy, oily soy sauce that rocks my world.They have some pretty amazing starters as well - the coleslaw incorporates noodles and egg, and the spicy julienned potatoes are addictive.The only downside about Qing Hua is that it takes forever to get served - though that's the price you pay for fresh fresh fresh dumplings. There is literally someone in the kitchen hand-making each dumpling to order.
4	This is one of my favorite standby's, when ever I want a quick tasty dinner after work this is usually where I end-up.The dumplings here are second to none and the variety is awesome, This is a great place to with friends, if everyone gets a different type of dumplings and share it makes for a great meal.I have to admit that the wait staff isn't always the most happy go lucky people but they always get to taking my order quickly. I think the restaurant is family run and the daughters are the waitresses while mom and dad are in the kitchen and I think this adds to the quirky feel of the place.Speaking of quirky the look and feel of this place is kind of weird it looks like the space had been rented to a wanna be brew pub that failed and as soon as it closed this family moved in and  started making dumplings. It's an odd looking place.All this being said the dumplings here are some of the best in the city and that makes up for the odd decor and interesting service. Keep in mind that your getting a meal for under $20 (for the most part) so you get what you pay for, in this case your money is going to the food.
4	Yum-o! Juicy broth filled Asian dumplings in Montreal... just like Toronto!My friend and I ordered the Shrimp dumpings and the Oyster dumplings. 15 come in an order, very good fillings and fun to share.  Really flavorful broth in the dumplings, not too salty.  The skin of the dumpling is a little thicker than the ones I've had in Toronto, but still good.  Don't take a huge bite or you'll spray broth all over yourself and make a mess.Not the most chic restaurant in town, an odd design with tiles from a fish market in the front and then some wood covered walls in the main dining room.  Try to stay get into the "wood area", the "tiled area" is very busy with take out orders and blast of wind if it's winter.  But this place is even full on a weekday.  Only about 10 tables so come early.You can even buy frozen ones of your favorite dumplings to take home to steam at home.
4	Great dumplings. I liked the steamed better than the fried. Although the service is ok, I would highly recommend this place
5	I want to move in.  These dumplings are delicious.  The tea is good, the salad is yummy, the soup is lovely.  But then you get the dumplings, and everything improves exponentially.If you need a little help figuring out how to not slobber on yourself, there are some instructions over the kitchen window with some info that might help you out.
4	The dumplings here are delicious! Finally, a restaurant on this street that is continuously pushing great food and always busy.
4	They just opened a new one on St-Laurent, in the Chinatown which is so much bigger and much much better service! the dumplings are as good, same low price with the choice of having your little bags of joy steamed, boiled or pan-fried! my personal favorites are the traditionnal pork and cabbage, beef and coriander and shrimp and urchin! and don't forget to mix in all of the sauce (chili, vinegar and soy) to make a yummy yummy concoction! Be careful, only cash!!!!
2	I admit the dumplings when I first tried them were quite delicious, but service? They deserve a D. I went here a few times, and every single time I go i get below average service. The first time I went with friends, we were seated outside. They seriously forgot we were out there and took forever to come out and take our order. How can you forget a customer is seated outside? Anyways, one of the later times i went, i decided to order takeout for one order of dumplings. Took 40 MINUTES! And the resto wasn't even busy for god's sake. That's really no excuse to take 40 minutes to make 15 dumplings...The other times i went the waitresses were not so happy looking and sometimes got the order wrong, giving me someone else's dumplings. Honestly, this place doesn't do it for me. But maybe the new Chinatown Qing Hua will have better service. I'm hopeful
4	The food is good, but it is little bit pricy
2	I was a bit disheartened to see that some of the dumplings are served from frozen. Others are made fresh to order, which is what I expected (and hoped for). The dumplings at Qing Hua are also 15-25% more expensive than at Restaurant Mai Xiang Yuan in Chinatown, where I normally go and love (and where EVERY order is made fresh.)I was also disturbed that Qing Hua is a cash-only business and that I had to ask for a receipt because the cashier was making my change without having entered my order in the POS system. I find it incredibly dishonest (not to mention illegal!!) to charge a customer the sales tax and pocket it rather than remit it to the government like every business is supposed to.The dumplings might be good, but I won't be back.
5	These dumplings are delicious, with a variety of interesting flavours like chicken curry, beef and coriander, and pork and mushroom. A really great place to go with several people, to try several types of dumpling.
4	My wife and I really liked this place.  We found it through a NYT article on Montreal, and we were happy we went.Started with the cucumber salad, which was perfectly marinated and tasted so healthy.  We had a plate full of mushroom & cabbage dumplings - amazing.  This is a no-frills place, but the food is great and the price is right.  The staff was very friendly, too.  Definitely a good place for when you're tired of the bistro fare...
5	I love it! I find its one of the best dumpling place in Montreal!!!You need some time to sit around because it takes some time for it to arrive because they hand make them when you order them!!!! Hence very fresh! many interesting flavors to choose from! and you could have them steamed or fried!!If you go end of the week or weekend.. expect a lineup! so go early!!
5	Dumpling heaven - Go immediately and enjoy!   All of our dumplings were made to order and were amazing.  For better dumplings, you'll need to go to China. The tofu salad was good as a starter.  Prices were very reasonable.  I will be back.
4	It should be noted that the dumplings take on average 20 mins to arrive at your table as they are both WRAPPED and STEAMED to order. This means, the little magical dumpling fairies were busy at work, because 20 mins ago, your dumplings were still a ball of dough and a bowl of meat (apologies to any male chefs in the kitchen, I'm not calling you a fairy, I'm just saying).
4	Being a Beijingnese, I love dumplings! My dad makes amazing ones and since I moved out I always been craving for good ones.This was one of the recommended places by the conference I was attending in Montreal. We ordered both the beef and pork steamed dumplings (with scallion). It was nicely flavored, lots of meat (bit overstuffed compare to the authentic dumplings) packed inside of the dumpling, light and satisfying, although lacks the juiciness and many types of ingredients that usually goes with dumplings. But still, I'm quite satisfied I can find this kind of quality in north america. It's a very popular place, the wait is about 20 minutes for the food. Cash only.
4	This place looks like a hole in the wall, hidden in the basement of a building with a door that you almost miss. The service is slow and not very friendly (but also not overtly rude). The restaurant is not well appointed and the bathroom leaves something to be desired in terms of cleanliness.However, the dumplings are tremendous! We ordered some soup and 2 orders of dumplings for 3 people and we left very happy! Dumplings ate definitely the main attraction here, there are very few other things on the menu but the variety of dumpling filling options is tremendous! Everyone can find something worth trying here (as long as dumplings is what you are craving).
4	Amazing steamed dumplings! Tofu and vegetables, mushroom and cabbage are the best. Go with a big group - since come in plates of 15 - so you want to be ablet o tastes lots of different kinds! All made fresh, so order your next plate as soon as you get the first  because it can take a bit long.
5	What Qing Hua has to offer is what anyone truly needs in life (other than oxygen, of course): Scrumptious dumplings! I have visited this restaurant quite a few times, and never was I disappointed by my choice. All of their dumplings live up to the expectations: The dough is thin and cooked to perfection, the fillings tasty and well seasoned. Important detail: They are juicy as hell, which makes them explode in your mouth. Need I say more? Either filled with pork, beef, shrimp, chicken, or veggies, they are all, in my opinion, flawless.
4	One of my favorite spot in Montreal, mostly because the cabbage/dill dumplings are to die for. The other vegetarian options are good but not to that level of goodness. Have them fried as it really rounds out the flavors perfectly.
3	They are very different from soup dumplings. These are dumplings with tasty fillings.  Pretty decent dumplings that come in a variety of choices.  They even allow you to mix 2 types.  And you can choose steaming, boiled, or fried dumplings.  The selection of fillings is vast and they do them from scratch which adds to the authenticity of the place.  Cash only so come prepared.
4	Probably my favorite place to enjoy steamed dumplings with friends!Whenever I bring someone new here they ALWAYS want to come back!
5	Probably  the best Chinese dumplings I've ever had.  Decor is non-descript, and staff inattentive at best, but more than worth it for the food.  We tried several kinds, and loved them all!  FYI, they don't take credit cards.
3	Was excited to try this place based on the reviews, but was disappointed. The dumplings are ok, but nothing special relative to what's available for much less money in the greater NYC or Washington, DC, areas. Two orders will easily feed three people, so bring at least four or five and vary your order so the meal isn't monotonous. Stick to the steamed dumplings.Cash only.
3	Decor is OK. Accepts only cash. There is a surcharge if you want them fried.Funny thing is the pan fried ones are just pan-fried steamed dumplings.I noticed that the insides were very juicy/watery as if it was a steamed dumpling.Guess they batch produce steam dumplings of all varieties.Dumplings were just ok.
4	We visited here at the recommendation of a foodie friend at McGill and I'm happy we did, we would never have found it on our own. Thank goodness for Yelp or I would never have remembered what it was called - I came across it again while looking for somewhere to recommend during another visit to Montreal.This is my favourite place I've ever been for dumplings. They are significantly different than dumplings I've tried anywhere else. They're sort of soup dumplings, but with thicker dough and less broth. I still remember them fondly even though it's been over a year since our meal. We had the beef coriander, the pork with leek and shrimp and the lamb with green onions. All three were really delicious. Two of us were able to finish the three orders but we were pretty full when they were gone. If I went back I'd either get three orders for two of us again or I would get two orders of dumplings and a soup or salad. The cucumber with pig's ear and the spicy tongue dishes both sound really interesting, plus there's wonton soup if I'm visiting with someone who is a little less adventurous. :)Can't wait to go back. This would be a great place to go with a small group (more dishes to try!) for a visit.
5	Yum! What else can I say about this cute little dumpling joint! As good as Grandma's, which is saying quite a lot!Their pork/cabbage soup dumplings are amazing and I would suggest to be everyone's first dish to try out (unless you keep Kosher or Halal - in that case, this restaurant is NOT for you).All of the dishes are very well priced and everything is freshly made to order. Try it out next time you're looking for something interesting to try out! BTW - They only accept cash, they do have an ATM that will rape your wallet for their additional charges. They also have high chairs for families!
5	This is by far, THE best dumpling joint in Montreal.I'm a huge fan of Anthony Bourdain's various foodie shows and always on the lookout to either try new things or learn more about ethnic foods. When he did an episode on Shanghai a few years ago, he visited a dumpling palace, how these delicious tid-bits are more than just a dim-sum staple. They have a history in China stretching back centuries, how "soup dumplings" the ones literally which have a soup inside are magically made and perfectly held together in their doughy exterior.I only found out about this place a few days ago and after checking out the latest Peru exhibit at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, both of us were feeling peckish. Came here to check it out and so glad that we did. We only ordered the old stand-bys, pork and shrimp and lamb with green onions steamed dumplings and they were superb. I can't wait to go back and try out the rest of the menu. Another good sign, when we walked in at 5:30pm, the place was empty. An hour later, practically all the tables were taken up.Seriously, come here now before the hype sets in and you won't be able to get a table!
3	Good food, and great service.
4	I can't believe I haven't posted a review of this place. It is hands down one of my favourite places to go out for lunch in the area. I was first introduced by some coworkers back when I worked in the area, and yesterday I had the pleasure of introducing a friend who recently started working in the area. The dumplings are delicious. I always get them steamed (though they are also available pan fried). Every different variation I have tried has been great. At lunch they have a special menu that includes a soup and a salad with an order of dumplings.  The lunch menu is shorter, which is great for indecisive people like me, especially when like I've already said, everything is great!  I couldn't give this review five starts because of some service concerns. I don't expect perfection, especially not when delicious food is involved, but this left a bit to be desired. There was an awkward moment when we realized our waitress didn't speak (or understand) any French, which isn't a huge issue, it was just really awkward and unexpected to have someone staring at us clearing not understanding a word we were saying not saying anything back at us. Then there was an order mix up, when we all clearly remember the person ordering a certain item and another was delivered. We were told to just take it, because making it right would take too long. Awkward again. Finally, the pacing was a bit off, we got our soups and salads at the same time as our dumplings, when we had been waiting what felt like a long time after ordering. I wish though there were half stars, because these were minor blips on an otherwise great visit and I feel bad docking them a whole star.  Good food is worth awkwardness.Small service issues aside, it was a delicious lunch indeed.  Delicious food at a good price.  Cosy and good for catching up with friends.  We didn't ever feel rushed.
3	Came in here last week thinking it was a "Chinese" restaurant and not a Chinese "dumpling" restaurant. We ended up with 2 baskets of  yummy dumplings but were expecting something else. The restaurant is OK. A bit off the beaten path with OK service and greasy plastic menus. Not expensive. Cash only.  Montreal is not the place to get Asian food. We had burgers and steaks the next 2 nights which were much better than this place.
3	Pretty solid place for dumplings in Montrel.  Had pork and lamb dumplings that were pretty tasty and standard fare.
5	Excellent authentic Chinese dumplings!
4	Thank you Qing Hua, I no longer have to go all the way to NYC for soup dumplings. For those unfamiliar, soup dumpling are made with soup directly in the dumpling. Maximum soupyness can be found in the porc variety. You'll note that the seafood and vegetable dumplings are not as soupy as the meat ones. When Qing Hua says that the are a dumpling house, they mean it. Don't expect to find anything else except a few appetizers on the menu. All the dumplings are fresh and hand made. I would recommend steamed over fried as the frying can dry them out and you will miss out on the flavour that comes in the soup.  Just watch out for that first bite, they are really hot.
4	i spent the dreary day walking through the notre dame cemetery while listening to gregorian chant music on my ipod.  my first attempt at taking the bus towards the guy-concordia metro station was not successful.  (my card malfunctioned.)  i'd read somewhere--maybe yelp--about the beef coriander dumplings at qing hua.  i walked in and they sat me right in the middle of the virtually empty place.  i should have asked if i could move anywhere else, but my confidence was shattered since missing the opportunity to dance with a catholic-looking girl at the club the night before.i couldn't find the beef coriander on a quick glance at the menu, so i asked the waitress.  every time i said, "...beef coriander" she replied with "yes, we have beef coriander."  eventually i just ok and handed her the menu.  i also got a coke.  coke goes well with some foods.  empanadas, for example, and most chinese food.i've had the soup dumplings many times at joe's shanghai in new york city, so i know how to eat them.  but these weren't shanghainese soup dumplings.  they're a creation from another part of china.  i forget if i read that in yelp or wikipedia.  although very delicious, i had a hard time eating them.  it was almost impossible.  i'm starting to wonder if you should use chopsticks at all.  it was more like fishing rather than eating.  they're smaller than shanghainese soup dumplings.  so maybe you're just supposed to grab them with your hands.fishing can be a zen-like experience.  it was like this at qing hua.  there was a struggle with the dumplings, but once i grabbed onto one it was a most joyous occasion.  i would give this place 5 stars based solely on the dumplings.  but my time there was awkward.  sitting in the middle made me feel like an easy target for ridicule as people walked in.remember, take a small bite of the dumpling and suck the soup in.  remember that, and you will be happy with your dumpling.
3	Service is slower, but the dumplings are good. Like the lamb and coriander and pork and cabbage best so far (flavourful broth inside). I would recommend calling ahead for take out rather than dining in. The complimentary side dish of pickled cabbage/carrots is refreshing as well!
4	Found this place threw Yelp and seeing the rating were high I had to give it a go. Being a montreal Laowai(westerner) who speeds 3 months a year in china and has to go to Toronto to get his dumpling fix I must admit I went here thinking there is no way it could be good....Well to my shock this place was awesome.....finally a good chinese restaurant in Montreal...You will notice there is only 4 stars up above and you must be wondering why??? Awesome and only 4 stars??? Well sorry to say the service sucked. The ladies in the back were all nice and sweet and loved the fact that I spoke chinese but the waitress who came in late was nothing close to nice...she was rude, spoke very poorly and she did not want to be there. 1 star for the service 5 stars for the food. I will be back with many many friends. FINALLY no need to take the 401 to get my dumpling fix. But still need to for all other chinese foods.I highly recommend the lamb dumplings(the best). pork with dill and pork with seafood. I can't wait to go back this saturday for more....I even bought there frozen take out dumplings although I have not had the time to try them.
4	I went back one week later, needed my dumpling fix again. Food was 5 Star but service improved from terrible to poor....1.5 Stars there. Waited over an hour for our food and half an hours to be seated but we were a group of 10 and they did work hard at putting us all together in a small place like that. But at the end of it all it was worth all the waiting......I think I ail be going weekly for my dumpling fix here, I am there for the food.
1	I have had enough of there service. We went there around 9:30 for a late dinner after visiting a freind in the hospital. I have been here twice already and both times remarked about the crappy service esp. the that chubby short haired chinese girl. But this time they lost me as a customer who entertains alot. She was so rude about letting us to sit down and eat as it was close to closing time but then turns around and says to us do you want take out!!!! Like WTF lady.....we were 5 people. She needs to learn how to talk to people. 3 times is enough of her fucken crap. Guess she is on her period none stop or she needs to get laid...one of the 2.Instead we went down the raod at Al-Baghdadi patisserie, wow that was good...yes their food is good here but they are not the only ones.Anyone going here and this girl is rude like I have seen her do with otheres as well just tell to go get laid and walk out!!!
5	Great dumplings! My friend and I shared the lamb coriander dumplings... Delicious.
4	I am just another person confirming what was already said... I must secretly admit that I am relieved our service issues didn't just happen to me because I'm American and needed to get with the program....We walked in and there were people at two tables and one patron standing at the counter by the cash register.  The rest was empty. We weren't sure if we were supposed to seat ourselves or wait to be seated. After standing there for a while, we sat down.  We were sitting a while when I approached the waitress and asked quietly, "are we supposed to order at register first?" She snapped, "I am the only waitress for the whole restaurant. Could you give me a minute?" So I figured out that meant that it is indeed waitress service...When she finally got to the table, the service was fine. They were out of all varieties with courgette (zucchini).  I didn't comment but think it is a little strange because summer is in season... Nonetheless, the food we were able to get was delicious! My boys ate 2 baskets (15 pieces each!) of the tofu veg dumplings...Cash only but they have an ATM inside..
3	Way overrated. The service was ok. The fried dumplings were average at best. We had the pork and shrimp, and the beef and curry. Both were fine. Can't see how this is a five star place. This was a small hole in the wall, which was fine for dumplings but better dumplings can be had.  Just because you get a ton of dumplings with your order does not mean the joint is good . . .  just saying.
4	Growing up in a Chinese-American household means that dumplings are serious business. It is rare that my family and I would go to an outside source for dumplings. Nevertheless I am glad we decided to come here on our trip to Montreal, and I can imagine we'd return if we lived in the area.I liked the quiet location, separated just a bit from the busiest streets. The dumplings were tasty and plentiful and steamed properly. A bit of red bean ice cream wrapped the meal up nicely. Dumplings are great, and Qing Hua is a good place to eat them.
5	Qing Hua dumplings are the benchmark by which I judge all other dumplings (and none have come close to comparing yet).The secret to Qing Hua dumplings is that they're filled with broth, which I imagine permeates the dumpling as they steam (steamed is the only way to go, by the way). My good friend introduced me to these little pockets of glory and since my first experience, I've been having all my important meals (and some not-so-important) here. It's the kind of thing where when someone says they've never had Qing Hua dumplings, you become jealous, because the memory of your own dumpling awakening is still so fresh and clear in your mind.The dumplings come in order of 15. "FIFTEEN DUMPLINGS? WHO WOULD WANT TO EAT FIFTEEN DUMPLINGS?" you might ask. To which I respond: "YOU DO, THAT'S WHO." Just trust me. I'm 5'3" and every time my friend and I go for Qing Hua we split 45 dumplings and leave no dumpling behind. Pork and leek, beef and coriander, and chicken and mushroom are my all-time favorites. Come hungry and take a fortune cookie - the fortunes here are the best I've received (freakishly applicable to life at the moment).P.S. the service is THE WORST. But once you dip those steamy hot dumplings in their chili and vinegar concoction and it touches your lips, you'll completely forget about the fact that you waited an hour for a seat, and 15 minutes for menus, and another 20 minutes to order.
4	The dumplings are delicious, full stop. I have read other reviews that complain about service...get real people. This is a small Chinese restaurant, it is not the Ritz. Sit down, order dumplings, eat, enjoy and move on.
3	I'm INLOVE with their dumplings.Pork and leek, and pork and shrimp.The price for a basket of 18 dumplings is definitely worth it!However, some of the days that I have been, the service has either been good or absolutely horrendous.The last time I went, a waitress seated a man down, to then have him kicked out by another because they were "closed". Why would you seat him if you were closed ??I feel like this place is a definite must for the dumplings, but not for the service.So don't expect a lot from them.. sadly.
1	I was going to give this place two stars instead of one, but the attitude the employees had here was just too horrible. The food was, okay. I was in Montreal for a business trip and was really craving some xiao long bao- soup dumplings so a friend recommended we try this place. It was interesting to see that their dipping sauce did not have ginger like the ones I'm use to do, but thats not something I can't live with. We ordered a set of dumplings each. To our surprise we only got one. The servers took away our sauce mid way to our meal without saying anything to us and just gave it to the table next to us (rude). We waited a few minutes after finishing our first batch and asked the waitress for the other batch. She said, oh Iet me check on that. When she comes back she said, no you only ordered one. (i forgot to mention that after my friend ordered, I asked her what she would recommend for me to order, i took her recommendation and ordered the dumpling with the leek in it) I informed her that I asked for the one she also recommended. after a "Okay, *SIGH" she goes to put in our order, my friend and I look at each other with a "okaaay, that was weird" face and say "first the sauce, now this?" we let it go, we get the second set of dumplings and ask for a togo box since we didn't get to finish about 5 of them. I ask for a side for the sauce as well -- which they forget and I have to ask again. We go to pay, which may have been the worst part of it all. We give her the money for our order and she pretty much throws the change at us ($5- bill- pretty much expecting us to leave the whole $5 in the tip jar since we saw it was filled with straight $5 bills) At this point, I was fed up with their attitude here and was so close to asking why they were being such A-holes to us. instead, My friend and I take out a single american dollar and put it in their tip jar- She forgot to give me my receipt (which I needed for my expense sheet) so I go back in, and ask for it, she reprints my receipt and hands it without a word.YOU'RE WELCOME THAT WE DECIDED TO SPEND MONEY AT YOUR ESTABLISHMENT, you are so welcome, and thank you for the horrible experience. I will make sure to never come here again. Din Tai fung is so much better- wish you had one in Montreal, it would put this place out of business.
3	Good value tasty dumplings.
5	The dumplings are incredible but the service was not the greatest, one of the younger guys was a little rude while seating us. I'll keep going back but only because the food is very good.
4	I don't know how they get the soup inside the dumpling pockets, but it is soooo good! We tried vegetarian and meat kinds and every single one was excellent. Definitely the best dumplings I've ever had. And I've had a lot. Made by real Chinese people. That is actually born and brought up in China.Decor is spartan, as is usual, but hey! It's cheap and delicious; what more do you want?!
3	Dumplings were good. Services was okay. One course came raw (chicken) we return it and they gave us a new one. Overall was ok. Good food for the price.
4	Really love going here for lunch or dinner, and their lunch menu definitely makes it worth it. The soup dumplings are very good. I've tried almost every soup dumpling on the menu, and have no real complaints about any of them. My personal favorites are curry beef and beef onion. The service is usually fine, but since the dumplings are handmade to order, sometimes it takes 20+ minutes to receive the order, depending on how busy it is.
4	These are the best dumplings I have ever had. After trying a few different I recommend the classic pork & cabbage!!!! It is a little tight inside though
4	Best steamed dumplings I've had in Montreal to date. The dumplings are much bigger than the ones at Mai Xiang Yuan.These steamed goodies are packed with great flavors. What makes em awesome is the broth. I have no idea how they get the broth inside the dumplings. But again, its none of my business. My job is to just finish em off. Cash only establishment.  Lots of different varieties to choose from. Also they have another location in Chinatown. I'll be back again....... SOONFood -  GreatService - You go here for the food, not the serviceAmbiance - Casual / Clean / CrowdedWorth the money - Oui
4	Yummeh! The other reviews do this place justice - it's a delicious hole-in-the-wall dumpling joint. I ordered the scallop and pork dumplings, a miso soup, and an asahi to go. Soooo delicious and hit the spot. If only I lived here - I'd go back!Also - today was the day they started accepting credit cards. For all you foreigners out there wont to leave the cash at home.
5	Best dumplings!
5	A HIDDEN GEM! It's away from the busy streets, so unless you are a keen observer or have a friend who is a local with great tastes in Asian cuisine, this place can easily be missed. Here you have the option of boiling, steaming, or frying your dumplings. Personal suggestion is that you should also have the dumplings steamed. Especially with the shape these dumplings come in, all perfectly round. Plus, they weren't kidding about "juicy dumplings". These dumplings are packed with juice; another reason why I recommend that they should come steamed. If you don't bite these carefully, the table can get pretty messy. But as the Chinese say, a messy table indicates a meal well eaten. I've eaten dumplings all my life, in British Columbia mainly. Yet I have to say that these dumplings are the best ones I've had in my life! You can dip them in vinegar, the traditional soy sauce, or oil with pepper flakes. Any of them goes well with these dumplings. Even if you mix any two of them. I tried the combination of soy sauce with the oil. Yum! Service was quick! There was a good deal of people not of Asian descent, which goes to show that this place is indeed popular in Montreal. As though it couldn't get any better, I ate about 20+ dumplings and paid no more than $13.86 (including 15% tip). I think they're not picky about their tips here, unlike in other Chinese establishments, because I could input my own tip percentage. Yes, they accept cards now. I will definitely come again.
4	The food is really good. It is probably one of the best dumplings you can get in Montreal but we had to wait about 35 - 45 mins to get the food. If you are going, make sure to call for a reservation. :)
4	Great dumplings! The portion is pretty great, 1 dish has 15 dumplings and it's pretty much enough for one person. We came here for lunch, and were so amazed by the quality of the food. The dumplings are juicy (the broth) and fresh. This place only accepts cash though. The service is pretty fast and people are nice.
4	I went here twice on my last trip to MTL, mainly because of the convenience  as it was located near where I was staying. I have to say, the prices are pretty darn good. For about 9-11$ you can get a huge steaming tray of soup dumplings and choose from like 30+ fillings. They have vegetarian, beef, lamb, pork, seafood, chicken and mixed. The first time I ate here was for lunch, and it was about $25 for 2 of use plus we got miso soup with lunch special and a jellyfish salad. The salad was ok, it was mostly cucumber, but the sesame dressing was very good.Your dumplings are made to order and you can even watch them make them if you are sitting next to the window. Cash only as of May 9, 2014 kinda annoying but its worth it.
1	I will preface with the fact that I am well travelled and have eaten at little food stands in Egypt and Greece and I'm not inane but I'm sad to say that after 4 times of eating here I will NEVER RETURN. We were disgusted with the service and LACK OF HEALTH CODE CONDUCT, the server gave our plate to another table where someone picked up a dumpling to eat and then the server ran back and grabbed the plate from the table, walked to the kitchen window to pretend like he was getting another plate then plopped the same (now touched by some stranger) plate on our table, when we asked him why he have us that plate he said that the other people didn't eat any, they only briefly touched them, we politely asked for a new plate and he offered us a different flavour, we insisted that we wanted the same flavour as before but fresh ones that haven't been touched by strangers, he lied and said that it would take longer to make them again, came back 10 minutes later with THE SAME DIRTY PLATE of dumplings, only now they were burnt and OBVIOUSLY REFRIED, to PRETEND like they were fresh ones, we were infuriated and asked to speak to the manager, after 10 minutes of patiently waiting, we went to the front and demanded to speak with the manager and my boyfriend found him crouching down HIDING behind the cash counter (WE COULDN'T BELIEVE IT!) and he had nothing to say for himself except that we are free to order something different. We will never go back! They probably drop them on the floor in the kitchen and disregard all health codes, I think that I will be reporting them to the health inspector as well. What's even worse than the fact that they have us someone else's "used food" is the extent to which they tried to lie on top of lies and prance around pretending like they were getting fresh food. Absolutely appalling. SHAME ON QING HUA!
3	Solid dumplings at a great deal. Two orders for two people = almost too much food. We ended up stuffing ourselves though and making it work :) We ordered the shrimp-zucchini and pork-leek. The waitstaff was not super helpful or friendly though, and we weren't wow-ed by the dumplings like we thought we'd be.
5	My wife loves Chinese dumplings and after reading a glowing review about this place in the New York Times, we had to go! This place did not disappoint. It was the best dumplings I've ever had outside of China itself. We started with the steamed pork and green onion dumplings and ended with the best ones (steamed shrimp, pork, and leek dumplings). They were AMAZING!The only downside was that the service was not the best, but we forgave them since they gave us the BEST dumplings. So, so, SO good!
5	As tasty as I remember from a few years ago! Delicious soup filled dumplings with very distinct flavors. Lamb and cilantro and pork and dill were memorable. We all tried some fried ones and definitely preferred the classic steamed. Pure Montreal: small,unassuming and fresh delicious food!
5	Where to begin? At the sight of the steamy dumplings? Or the fried ones? At the first bite with the explosion of goodness in my mouth? The dumplings here are nothing short of tasty. Each dumpling will surely send a wave of comfort and joy through you. Warming the soul, satisfying your belly, in a very delicious manner, these dumplings are fantastic and unforgettable. I ordered half fried dumplings filled with chicken and coriander  with the other half cooked in vapor and filled with pork, shrimp, and leek. The soup that is let out once you bite into the dumpling is marvelous. Full of flavour and texture, these dumplings are a 2 for 1.For a total of 16 dumplings for about 13$, my wallet too was satisfied. I also wanted to see if their desserts were as delicious. So I asked for the red bean cake, to my surprise, the waitress, in all seriousness, replied that they had none and that I should never order a dessert at a Chinese restaurant. I burst into laughter. I appreciated her brute honesty, though. I learned thereafter that I would not be coming back for dessert, but the dumplings...oh the dumplings, it's true love.
2	Horribly disappointed. I wasn't sure what I was expecting but after reading the reviews on Yelp, I was super excited to go to Qing Hua.First of all, the dumplings are soup dumplings and at the same time, barely qualify as soup dumplings. They aren't listed as soup dumplings and you aren't given a soup spoon so unless you were forewarned, you will bite into the dumpling and have the broth explode all over the table and possibly your clothes. In all honesty, I did appreciate the variety of dumplings they offered and the prices were reasonable. The dumplings itself tasted good but nothing to scream about. I've had better at Joe's Shanghai and basically a bunch of other places growing up in New York.Also, I know I should have known better than to order anything other than dumplings but I decided to get the "dimsum" that was listed on the menu. They were listed as "shumai" in Chinese and I was expecting shumai but instead got some mushroom and veggie mixture straight out of the Buddhist temple my mother and I go to. Lastly, the service was exactly what I expected from a non fine-dining Chinese restaurant. The waitress will not go out of her way to give you the best service but that's the way it works so it wouldn't be fair of me to factor service into the overall rating. The two stars are just about the food.
1	Decent dumpling but not good enough to go through the horrible customer service again. The resturany is short staff and the waitress is not too bright. She can only look ahead but not what is around her. Literally waved and screamed for her attentiom when she brought us the wrong plate of food. The cashier lady had a angry face and was rude to customer. Why do i need to spend money for okay dumpling and bad attitude?
2	Dumpling skin was too dry & thick. Stuffed ingredients were flavorless. I suggest you to go to Mei Xiang Yuan instead which is on St-Catherine street.
5	There is no end of compliments for this place. I go all the time and order take away even more. It blows my mind how good everything is.  For me it's beef coriander steamed and a nice cucumber salad.
5	Amazing !!!! The curried chicken dumplings rocked!!!!A definite place to go if you love dumplings/ pot stickers!!!
5	So far, it's the best soup-dumplings in Montreal. I just keep going there, bring my kids, and take a few frozen dumpling back home as a souvenir.
4	We walked in with low expectations, and was completely blown away by their succulent and delicious dumplings. It was fresh, and we had them steamed. It was wonderful. Would go back in a heart beat.
5	If you're looking for authentic dumplings this is the place to go! They have all different kinds like pork, beef, shrimp, etc. You can get them steamed or fried (I prefer them steamed). The prices are decent, about $10-$12 per basket of dumplings.  *Highly recommended*
4	Do it. Do the dumplings. Now, not later.Look, I'm not qualified to judge the 'authenticity' - I get that these are soup dumplings. And apparently that is something that needs a panel of critics to assess. All I know is that there were amazing meats and seasonings encased in dumpling material. Delish.If you're not intrepid enough to chance liquid spewing all over you, I would recommend ordering the fried dumplings - they are less likely to end up on your clothes, and they are also probably closer to what you think of when you think "dumpling".We got three orders of dumplings, for three people, and it was so much food, finishing up the last few became a test of courage, a challenge of endurance. What I'm saying is that these are delicious and filling.Can't wait to go back for a very wallet-friendly lunch!Taking a point off because the restrooms were kind of a mess, and that's one of my huge pet peeves; plus the service was, well, lack-luster: "Hello? Helloooooooo..." But all in all, a great time was had by all.
5	Really good dumplings!
4	Fantastic dumplings!
4	Uni soup dumplings!  Yes, there is far more pork in these and only a soupcon of uni but they are good.
5	Would give a 4.5 if possible because there's always room for improvement. BUT these dumplings were AMAZING!Very flavourful, and a good selection. The menu is in 3 languages. Good service. The chili oil is a must try. They make it in store, with some on the counter you can buy to take home.(I got the steamed tofu and mixed veg dumplings)A+ in my books
