3	Fresh ingredients as you would expect with a California style burrito. This was my first time as the Burrito Factory just opened this week. I a had chicken burrito and everything was good.
3	Oh, how I wish Chip Nutty had worked out (http://www.yelp.com/biz/chip-nutty-cookies-charlotte), but alas, it wasn't in the cards. Instead we get The Burrito Factory. I usually select local, one-store, type businesses over the chain ones for two reasons, to support local business and because they are usually fresher, better and made with more love than those chain factories.Unfortunately, The Burrito Factory didn't have that local feeling I was looking for. Now, their food is NOT bad by any stretch of the imagination. But there really wasn't any real flavor or soul to speak of. My burrito was very bland despite the fact that I added nearly everything they had to offer. My mother ordered a couple of tamales and they literally just plop two tamales on a place and put some weird cheese-base sauce over them. Nothing else... That's not how you serve tamales.The day we went they had a local Latin radio station truck outside, which is how we noticed the place and decided to stop. Unfortunately, aside from what looked like an excessive number of servers and what I think was one of the owners and his buddies, there was nobody there but us. Their menu is simple and has some good offers. One of the cool features is their salsa bar, which has some very unique salsas you usually don't see anywhere else.Not a bad place to eat, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
3	Oh how I so wanted to give this place more stars......But, first time here, and I asked for a recommendation, and the lady (owner?) said Steak Burrito. So that's what I went with, and I added all the stuff I love (cheese, sour cream a spicy salsa mix, fresh cilantro, etc.). First off, the thing is HUGE! Not QUITE "big as your head" huge, but quite large nonetheless. Second, the steak. It was unfortunately very tough and chewy. Kind of hard to enjoy when you have to chew the thing to death. Also, the steak was kind of bland. I was expecting that wonderful fajita flavor, but it was just bland.The other ingredients were decent, but nothing out of the ordinary. I did love the fresh cilantro though.It comes with chips, so my meal (without drink as I brought it home) was $7 and change. Not bad.I will go back and try their chorizo or ground beef to see if that makes a difference. And I WILL tell the owners that they need to improve the quality of their steak.
4	Well OK then.....re-visited today and ordered their signature California Wet Burrito. Wet I'm ASSUMING because they add a white cheese sauce? Nonetheless, this time I got it with Ground Beef. In my last review, I gave it an IFFY review because their steak was chewy and lacked flavor. This time, the flavors were really good and of course GB can't be "chewy." A BIG plus was that they had a guajillo pepper salsa. Man was that ever good! Because I like a chunky salsa, I added the guajillo pepper salsa to the pico de gallo salsa and voila! Invented my own salsa and man was THAT ever awesome!So this time the burrito was really good and the salsa bar rocked! Given that the burrito is HUGE, I gave it an extra star this time as it all came out to under $10, including chips and a fountain drink!The owner is a very nice Mexican lady who keeps asking if everything is good. So if you're craving a BIG, GOOD burrito at a reasonable price, check this place out. You'll be glad you did!
4	Great FRESH Mexican food. We ordered the curry chicken burrito (special for 4.99) and the shrimp burrito (8.49). You pick your toppings from the back side of the glass counter (like Chipotle, Salsarita's and Qdoba). It's a tiny place with small trays of toppings. They had fresh and pickled jalapenos, fresh guacamole and a few basic burrito fillers. Unlike most chains, they serve Tilapia, shrimp and tofu. You also have the choice of wheat OR flour tortilla. We were told that soon quinoa will be on the menu.  Pro's: fresh ingredients, lots of flavor, assorted salsas at the salsa bar, good value, friendly service, healthy choices (tofu and wheat tortillas). They serve burritos, tacos, salads and quesadillas. Kid's menu too. Con's: One person working the counter (don't go if you are in a hurry), chips were thick and a little stale. I would have given them a 5 if their chips were better, the serving size was a little bigger and the service was faster.  They just opened and will have some teething pains. I hope they make it.ComparisonsSalsarita's = TBF had fewer choices but the food tasted better with the exception of the chips. Wish they had fajita veggies.  Love the fresh jalapenos. Chipotle = Same as above. Service was WAY BETTER than Chipotle. TBF had smaller portions. TBF has queso and Chipotle does not. Phat Burrito = TBF has more flavor and a more interesting menu. About the same interior size but no awkward line out the door like PB. TBF has more windows and feels cleaner. Salsa bar is better too.
4	Really surprised at how nice this place was. I expected a dump and got a very pleasant first impression. Inside looks a lot like Chipotle, although nothing will ever beat Chipotle's burritos in my very biased mind. They had interesting toppings so you can choose a Mexican or American style wrap. Their salsa bar was cool, although I didn't really care for any of their salsas. I think one of them was actually a little rancid but it didn't turn me off to the experience as a whole for some reason. I got the chicken burrito special which came with chips for only $4.99. Can't beat that! Will definitely go back.
5	Best burritos in town- IMHO.  I like the tofu burrito, but everything I've had there is good.  Very friendly staff, they are happy to have business and the service was great every time I've been.  Huge portions, and the homemade salsa bar is a must try.  The guallilo and tomatillo salsas are my favorites.  I still eat Chipotle and Qdoba but this is high in my rotation.  Stop by once to try it, and you'll come back again- excellent!!
5	Love this place! I'm obsessed with burritos and these by far are amazing. They have many different options and they will make pretty much anything you want. The employees are very friendly and it seems to be a family-owned business. They offer many different options/sauces that you can't get at the chains. I've been several times and recommend trying this place out!
3	Really nice and friendly customer service. Burrito was good. Better than average, but not memorable. We'll be back to try the fish tacos.
5	Great place! Awesome friendly service, never overly crowded, great deals - awesome alternative to the greasy Mexican food joints out thereTry the veggie burrito with steak, nomnom!
5	Being a So Cal native now living in Charlotte I can confirm that this really is California style Mexican food. Everything is fresh and made from scratch. If you are looking for Chipotle or Salsaritas  - then go there, this is what a real Mexican burrito tastes like! Now - if only Charlotte had a beach...
5	I dare you to find a better salsa! The green salsa, the orange, and the burrito factory salsa at the salsa bar are hands down the best salsa I have ever had. I seem to always get the curry burrito (yeah sounds odd for a Mexican place) but it's a very barely there curry taste. The tofu burritos great too. The owner and servers are very kind and nice. But I'm serious...THE BEST SALSA.  I don't know why but south blvd has a large Hispanic community and horribly bad restaurants but the burrito factory is a rare gem!
5	Best burritos in town- IMHO.  I like the tofu burrito, but everything I've had there is good.  Very friendly staff, they are happy to have business and the service was great every time I've been.  Huge portions, and the homemade salsa bar is a must try.  The guallilo and tomatillo salsas are my favorites.  I still eat Chipotle and Qdoba but this is high in my rotation.  Stop by once to try it, and you'll come back again- excellent!!
4	Nope, not a dancing burrito but "The Burrito Fatory"  will leave you dancing out of the establishment. This place stands out on South Blvd where there is a surplus of Tex-Mex and California style food establishments. This is a usual quick lunch spot for me. On Tuesdays they have 99 cent tacos and they have a massive burrito which will rival any Moe's or Qudoba burrito. Unlike chain restaurants The Burrito Factory actually sells fish and tofu, plus different types of tortillas. The salsa bar here is 2nd to none in Charlotte, The downfall about The Burrito Factory is that their chips are harder than what I'm sure anyone is use to, though they may pile them up with whatever you order they should really work on that recipe. The Manager/Owner is very cool and hip to what's going on. Overall if your looking for a Big Ass Burrito at a great price and your on the South side of Charlotte you have to stop by The Burrito Factory.
5	Ding Ding Ding!   We have a winner!   Forget McDonalds owned Chipotle, forget Phat Burrito and Salsaritas.  This place beats them all in price and friendly service.  And the food?   Delicious!   Great Flavors all around.  Salsa bar?  Yes please.  Fyi the medium is an americans version of HOLY SHIOT my nose is running, "may I please have some sour cream nice sweet chica behind the counter?"   Decor is trendy and urban. But seriously, are we here for the decor or the food?   Give me a picnic table and paper towel dispenser on the table and I am happy.  If you have any doubts, I promise they will fade promptly as soon as the counter lady says hello.  If not, then shove that awesome burrito in your mouth, shut up and enjoy.  You can thank me later.
5	OK, so I'm now finally convinced that The Burrito Factory makes the BEST Burrito's in Charlotte! I had to give them the final and 5th star because you just cannot help but LOVE the passion and enthusiasm of the brother/sister team who own/run/manage/work this place. They are SO nice and you can tell that they LOVE what they do and that they LOVE their food. What's NOT to love about a big burrito with very fresh ingredients that YOU choose! They'll make anything you want and the way you want it. No skimping here!Not the fanciest place, but you get one HELL of a deal always served with a super friendly face, with yummy food. Doesn't get much better than that! People are really starting to discover this place so you may expect waits at peak times. Highly recommended!
5	The people who work here are super nice and the veggie burrito is SOOOOO GOOD! Zucchini, kale, squash, feta, omg I love it! So glad a burrito spot by my house is this delicious!
4	Probably 3.5 stars but hey what with the great service I had, in the really really fresh salsa ingredients I rounded up to 4.
5	This place is awesome and has great deals! We got some chicken burritos and some queso and they were really good. They have fresh ingredients and don't skimp. Some people said they take their time but I'm glad they did! They made sure it wasn't a soggy mess. They actually want it to taste good and seem to care about what they are serving rather than some chain restaurants. The ladies working there were really really sweet. This is our new spot for Mexican!
5	Stumbled across this place and am so glad we did!  It is not at all what you would expect.  Sharp clean interior with very friendly service.  The ingredients are very fresh.  The cheese dip is amazing!  You are given a side of chips with your burrito, so I always get a side of cheese dip for that.  I'm not sure if he is the owner or manager, but the guy in there is incredibly friendly.  We love eating at this restaurant not only for the good food, but to support him and his business as well.  My husband said he will not return to any of the chains after trying Burrito Factory.  Give this place a try!  They always have a daily special which my husband gets, and he has not been disappointed yet.  Do not let the location of this place fool you.  It is right on South Blvd, but can be missed due to all the clutter on this road.  Go here.  I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	Great experience for a simple burrito spot. Great service, excellent food, & nice salsa bar.
4	Stopped here after reading Yelp reviews and was happy I did.  Great service from Sam, the owner, who was enthusiastic about his food and had reason to be.  Give it a shot.
4	Tried it for the first time last Thursday which was coincidentally $5.49 for anything on the menu day, score! The language barrier while ordering does exist but not too bad. I got the chicken curry California burrito which was pretty good, a little bland but still miles above Chipotle-it amazes me how many people like that place..Salsa bar was a nice touch but for me the only one that had any flavour was the factory hot. Habanero I believe. Even for a seaoned chili head I will give warning- take it slow. Ordered a bit too much on my burrito which I was warned of, caution to the wind I said!! Still great taste even if my eyes were watering :)The food could use a bit more flavour but at it's price point I'm not complaining. BTW, the manager or owner-not sure is very friendly and helpful. I will be back for sure.
4	$1 tacos on Tuesday, what more can I say. I've only been here for the tacos but they are great. Fresh ingredients, tasty toppings, fresh salsa bar, I'm a fan. The only downfall was when I went they were out of pork. Try their tomatillo salsa is seriously the best I've ever had.
5	I've had a lot of burritos in my day, and this one was exceptional. In fact, the best I've had east of the Mississippi. The employees here as a bonus were fantastic. They filled me in on everything and thanked me for coming in. I stumbled upon this place and soon realized they served the burrito of my dreams. A traditional California burrito with French fries mixed in. It sounds weird, but this is authentic SoCal style. The two gentleman in front of me spoke no English and I saw upon entering they serve horchata. Instant legit authentic burrito joint points awarded. The interior was clean and had ample space. The hot sauce station offered a little bit of everything. Even the chips served free w/ the meal were refreshingly crisp and delicious. I could find no wrong with the Burrito Factory. What a knockout meal!
5	I'm from San Diego and have been in Charlotte for 5 years now. Burrito Factory is the first place I've found in Charlotte that does California's version of Mexican food justice. California burritos (the ones with french fries inside), fish tacos, shrimp burritos. It's spectacular. This place is every bit the small, delicious taco shop that one sees on every corner in Southern California. And Sam the owner is awesome. We can't wait to come back - this place is going to be a regular stop for us!
4	We liked the food and the people. We couldn't find the napkins which is hidden off to the side of the restaurant. Odd. We enjoyed the pork burrito and veggie burrito.  I really liked that they cooked the zucchini and squash fresh in front of me. They had a variety of salsa to choose from. We also enjoyed the like and mandarin natural sodas. The lime was better than mandarin.
5	My girlfriend and I just recently moved here from the west coast and have been searching for burritos like home! Factory burrito has the best burritos in the whole Charlotte area! Sam, the owner stayed open an extra 30minutes just so we could get from Concord to Charlotte an enjoy burritos for dinner. Amazing owner, amazing staff, an amazing food!! My girlfriend and I recommend the wet California burrito you can not go wrong! Thank you Sam we will see you again soon!!!!
3	I decided to try this place on taco Tuesday since the tacos are only 1.00!!! I ordered two vegetarian tacos. The tacos were absolutely delicious they came on corn tortillas with your choices of beans and toppings!!! I also love this place because it is vegetarian friendly if you don't want meat you can get tofu which is a huge plus. You also get chips with access to the salsa bar. The chips provided to me were not so good they tasted over fried and oily the salsa bar was good though because it allows you the option to try a variety of salsas. I'm happy to say that I found a great place to grab Tacos on Tuesdays!!!!
5	I have been wanting to go try the burrito factory for a while, but never had a chance,. Today 6-14-14 I finally made it, and I'm glad I did. I was greeted by who I believe it was the owner, I got the Wet burrito and it was the best burrito I had in years. The burrito was huge and it was filled with yummy goodness(beans,rice,meat,french fries,cilantro, etc) I also got chips inside my bag. The burrito was really good and so were the chips. They have a Salsa bar, don't be afraid to try a few of them. Next time I will try the Fish Tacos , PS. Chipotle has nothing on them. Chipotle's burritos might be a little bigger but are bland, no flavor at all.  Give them a try, you wont regret it.
5	THANK GOD FOR BURRITO FACTORY.I was beginning to get worried about the burrito scene in Charlotte. if you like a giant (and i mean HUGE) California style burrito, this is exactly 100% without a smidgen of a doubt where you need to go get your fix. The staff is always friendly to everyone that walks in the door, and fast at what they do as well. All of the veggies are fresh and colorful, and they offer some unique options that other burrito spots do not; like banana peppers and these delicious pickled red onions that add a nice little sweet bite to your meal. The menu offers more than just your average burrito, too. My advice: try the curry chicken, pork, and wet California burritos- ypu won't be disappointed there. Also make sure you make it out for Taco Tuesday, where you can grab pork, chicken, or ground beef tacos for 99 cents a piece. Oh yeah, don't miss out on the salsa bar. Everything is made in house, and the guajadillo and tomatillo salsas come highly recommended. I love this place, as it's become a go-to for me and my friends!!
3	Not bad. The prices are decent. I feel like my burrito could have been better. But I've only been there once so I'm not gonna give up on it. I wanna try it again. My daughter was satisfied and she doesn't eat much so that was a plus.
5	This place is great!They have this salsa that is heaven in your mouth.  Strange orange color but oh so good!  Tacos were very good and they have a good topping selection.I can't say enough about the great service.  The owner greeted us when we walked in and checked on us during our meal.  I really hope this place succeeds.  They have a good thing going.
5	I ate here yesterday it was my first time so I was unsure but as soon as I walked in everyone was so nice they gave us Intel on the menu and just my like the special was everything on the menu is 5.49 it was so many item I didn't know what to choose from so I ended up with a burrito chips guacamole and queso. All their food was delicious and fresh. I was highly satisfied and the owner was really friendly. I would recommend it to any one is looking for quality fresh cuisine in charlotte.
4	My family has had this before but today was my first time. They were very friendly and patient. Allowing me to look at all ingredients before preparing my food to order. The food was a huge portion for the price, making it a great value. Will definitely be returning.
5	We picked this place solely on the good reviews --- and we were NOT disappointed! I highly recommend this place if your looking for a quick/sit down type restaurant. The environment is definitely a dive but most dives have THE BEST FOOD! Similar to Moes and Chipotle, this places offers a massive "wet" California style burrito. Food is fresh and prepared to order. Reasonable priced with ongoing daily specials. Not only is the food good, the customer service is absolutely amazing. The staff is outgoing/friendly and willing to go above and beyond to make the customer feel welcome.
4	Totally unassuming from the street but the inside is remodeled and awesome. Food was fabulous and the staff was also great. Will defiantly be back. They offer delivery which is a always a bonus.
5	Love this place...you have got to support this restaurant! Owner is there everyday and super awesome. He puts real pride into his business and providing the freshest ingredients. Try the tacos in every option...and the salsas have got to be some of the best around!
4	Probably not a place I would have normally stopped at had it not been recommended to me. The staff is ridiculously friendly. The food was great, and the salsa bar was my favorite. What a simple, yet great idea. I will definitely be going back again!
4	Not much to look at from the outside, but the parking lot decor isn't as important as what is inside. I'll echo some of the other Yelpers, this place rocks! I try to skip  carbs, so I avoided the rice and bean filled burritos. I ordered a salad, and had several choices of protein. I went with the steak, which was a great choice on my part. The toppings bar took a beating, I told the woman behind the counter to load me up with all the hot stuff, especially the diced fresh jalapenos. My wife ordered a shredded pork burrito, with no hot stuff. We are the odd couple.After receiving our meals, I headed to the vaunted salsa bar. Other places might have more choices, but few have more creative choices. Regular & spicy pico de gallo, several mild to medium salsas, and a few with some heat. My favorite was the Guarillo, a medium heat orange colored smooth salsa. How was our meal? Que delicioso! I chose the lime mint dressing for my salad, which blended well with the flames shooting from my bowl. The only complaint I had was that the lettuce could have been cut smaller or maybe shredded. Otherwise, my salad was far better than the other Mexican places we have tried. My wife's burrito was huge, she only finished half, she took the rest home with most of her tortilla chips. I rarely give 5 stars, tbf came pretty close. Maybe if one of the staff wasn't wearing a Jets cap, they would have gotten all 5. My wife is a Jets fan, I see enough of that crap at home. We will be back.
5	After being a chef for almost 20 years, I am usually not wowwed by much but this place is great. First off the kitchen is super clean which is a huge deal for me. And the food was fresh and amazing ill be back often
5	My second time here was just as good as my first. Owner is super friendly and staff is very nice. The best thing about the food is the freshness. They definitely use fresh ingredients and you can taste the difference. The salsa bar is a must try here as we'll. This is a go to spot for lunch and bring an appetite because you won't leave hungry.
5	Had an amazing tofu burrito, so flavorful and filling! The home style, yummier version of moes, chipotle, salsaritas. Love supporting local businesses!
5	A former co-worker recommended this place last time I was in the area and now I drive 30+ minutes from Steele Creek to get their burritos.  Hands down the best burritos I have ever eaten, especially for this town.  Owner is extremely friendly and always makes sure we are enjoying our food.  Very affordable, with a $4.99 special every day, and $0.99 taco Tuesday.  I recommend the Cali chicken curry burrito, AMAZING!  This place puts Moe's and Chipotle to shame, they don't even hold a candle to one of these burritos.  I honestly don't know if I'll ever be able to eat another burrito from one of those chains again because it just won't compare and it'll be more expensive.
5	Whaat? Where have you been the last 17 years, Burrito Factory and why didn't you send a tweet/carrier pigeon/smoke signal when you opened? My husband and I ventured down South on a grey Sunday, but it was all smiles and sunshine in the Burrito Factory. The owner was super friendly and walked us through the whole menu and told us his story (we asked). I was so excited to not only have a place with several delicious homemade salsas - some without Cilantro - HALLELUJAH!!, but also California style burritos that as far as I know aren't anywhere else in town. For me, the most exciting thing was that they had Sopes. Not sopa (soup) but Sopes, which is kind of like an ultra thick corn tortilla fried which is used as a base like a tostada. It's only made in certain parts of Mexico, so until now, most of the Mexicans who owned restaurants in Charlotte were from non-sopes territory apparently. At the factory, they top their sopes with spiced pulled chicken on top of the beans and I usually like mine with ground beef, but they're so nice I'm sure they'd customize. They also had a number of really good looking salads that I will definitely try. Even their chips are delicious, and their tomatillo salsa and an orange creamy chipotle sauce is to die for. In addition, they had flavored waters (like uncarbonated soda) and the pina colada was really delicious. We got a horchata to go as a dessert. :)It's exactly what you want a burrito place to be - fresh ingredients, unique combinations, great salsas, fair prices and delicious salsas. Perfecto! My only complaint is its location, but word on the street is they're looking into a location somewhere closer to uptown (Dilworth maybe)? Can't wait!
4	Here's all you need to know about Burrito Factory in two words: Taco Tuesdays. Fresh-made, delicious tacos with your choice of fillings for a buck apiece, and they aren't skimpy with the ingredients. Choose from chicken, spicy chicken, marinated pork or ground beef (if you're boring) protein, and a plethora of toppings. Being my predictable self, I go for the heat with spicy chicken, diced jalapenos, hot pico de gallo, queso fresco, lettuce, salsa, fresh cilantro and cheese. Skip the .75 extra guacamole in favor of the addictively sweet heat of their creamy green tomatillo sauce, free on the self-serve bar. Seriously, it's so good I always take some home in the little clear containers. Oh yeah, free salsa and chips with every order. Since it's so good and prices are so cheap, please also bless the tip jar and go home happy and satisfied.
5	Wow what a feast! Huge burritos they give you! California wet burrito awesome wow...has french fries in it!Got the chef to make a burrito with fajita veggies so good!Chori queso dip yumWorth the drive,  coming back!
4	We just moved into the neighborhood and this will easily be a regular spot for us when we don't feel like doing dishes.  You can't beat the deals on Tuesdays ($1 tacos) and Thursdays (all burritos are $5.49).  My favorite is their fish taco with the fried plantains - delicious!  Service is friendly and quick even with it being cooked to order.  The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 is that the last time I came in, they waited until I already ordered to tell me they had no plantains - I would have ordered something differently if they told me first.
5	Great Burrito!  On Thursdays they have $5.49 Burritos and it's a steal.  I had the Chipotle shrimp burrito and my wife had the fish and plantain burrito. Both were excellent!  Try the Salsa bar as well!!  The owners were so kind as to bring our 3 year old a free cup of milk and a side of rice and beans (also free). It's service like this that makes customers for life!  We will be back!!
4	Had the pleasure of eating my first Shrimp Burrito at the Burrito Factory (BF) - incredible!As a recent transplant from Arizona, I've been on the search for GREAT Mexican flavors, and the Burrito Factory has it.  The chicken and steak are very good, and the shrimp is cooked to order in a wonderful chipotle sauce.  Featured are the typical fillers of a Quoda and Chipotle - black/pinto beans, rice, pico, guacamole - but BF takes it to a whole-nother level with 2 choices of fresh cheese, fresh chopped cilantro and jalapenos, and other sides you won't find at the chain restaurants.  To compare with other very good fresh burrito/Mexican flavors in town (Phat Burrito and Cabo Fish Taco), BF sets itself apart with a well-balanced mix of authentic Mexican spices/flavors.  To top it off, you get a generous portion of homemade corn tortilla chips and access to a FREE homemade salsa bar.  The salsas attest to the skill and authenticity of the staff, showcasing a wonderful bouquet of roasted peppers, onions, and spices.The inside decor is every bit as clean and sleek as a Chipotle with the simple casualness of a real California-Style burrito joint.  Also, the staff is friendly and helpful.BF gets a 4 out of 5 for excellently prepared food, great flavors, and a level of authenticity that simply can't be found in other fast-food burrito joints in town.  If you have an adventurous palate or are looking to experience true Mexican flavors, the Burrito Factory is a must eat in Charlotte!
4	The owners were nice and the serving size was great. The best burrito is the one with the fish and plantains in it.  Make sure you get the plantains because one night, as they were assembling the large burrito, they failed to tell me they had run out until it was too late.  But they offered free queso dip.The salsa dips on the side don't range far in variety but its enough.  It's fine since we just loaded up on the fresh condiments that come with.For the budget-friendly, Tuesdays are $1 tacos and Thursdays have a discounted any-burrito price!  Don't mind the exterior, just come on in
4	Along the stretch of road that we Charlotteans call "Burrito Way" is of course, the Burrito Factory (which shall be referenced as BF). A shining star in a desert of Central American "burrito special with rice and beans for $5.95" restaurants.A bit like the Californian burrito joints that have gone mainstream like Chipotle and Moe's, BF has a menu board of various meats and recipes already put together, but this is America and if you want to add or remove, you go right ahead.I opted for the Curry Chicken Burrito and asked for extra tomatoes and onions. It was extremely tasty. For my wife, I got their veggie burrito with extra cilantro and she absolutely loved it.Chips were great - maybe a little thicker than I like. Salsa bar was decent. The pico de gallo was really great - not hot at all. Yum.I wish this place every success!
5	We HAD to check this place out after we saw the amazing reviews. We all loved everything!!  Burritos, tacos.....  And the salsa bar!!?!  Perfect. I love the variety of drinks. My kids LOVE the horchata!!  The people that were working there were very kind, and offered fantastic suggestions. The whole place was really clean, and we enjoyed the atmosphere. We will definitely be back.
5	Best burritos in Charlotte, they are gigantic. Must try the California Wet Burrito,  ground beef, queso, and french fries. Very nice staff, clean restaurant, and consistently fresh ingredients. Also must try the orange salsa, easily my favorite. Thursday special of $5.49 for every burrito on the menu, all day. Great chips as well. Makes me never want to go to Moe's ever again.
5	Another great visit Friendly and quick service. Taco Tuesday 99ea Choriqueso burrito with chips meal very filling. 3 taco w/chips great. 1 beef (good) 2 chicken (tasty &  moist).Choriqueso dip little greasy like meat wasn't drained but still yummy took what was left home! Plantains with yogurt sauce such a yummy desert!
5	Love this place! Clean and simple decor, nice staff, salsa bar and the best guacamole in Charlotte!
5	I've driven by this place a bunch of times and always resolved to try it, but didn't get the chance until yesterday.  I actually checked its reviews on Yelp which helped solidify my decision to check it out after a long and painful meeting at my credit union.Anyway, I got the chicken curry burrito and a fish taco, and my girlfriend got two veggie tacos and an order of fried plaintains.  I got a normal fountain drink and she got horchata which I took a sip of and it was quite tasty.My burrito was excellent.  They have a ton of options to add, so I tried pickled red onions, hot salsa, shredded cheese, iceberg lettuce, and diced hot peppers (not sure which kind of pepper, coloring seemed like a mix of jalapenos and Thai chiles) to go along with the curry chicken, black beans, and (delicious) seasoned rice that came standard.  On the fish taco I got some more of the diced hot peppers, raw red onion, hot salsa, corn, and diced cucumber.Both the burrito and the taco were delicious.  I was shocked that I actually even preferred the taco, which surprised me because it contained tilapia, which is a relatively bland fish, but everything else I added worked perfectly with the well-cooked, tender fish.  The burrito was also excellent but I ate the taco first and had a hard time finishing it because it's very large - think Qdoba-sized.  I really appreciated how they briefly pressed it in the tortilla steamer which helped keep it coherent and added a slight bit of crispness.Their prices are very reasonable and we will certainly be back.  The only thing that detracted from the experience (but not so much as to knock it down from a 5-star rating) was the ordering process, which was a bit chaotic as they had two line workers handing off between helping us and preparing takeout orders so it could be a little confusing at times.  The gentleman working the register was very courteous and warmly greeted everyone who walked through the door.  Overall it was fantastic and I can't wait to get back.
5	Yummy! Went on a Thursday and everything on the menu was 5.99. Everyone was really nice and gave great recommendations. Get there early because the guacamole runs out! Best burritos in Charlotte!
5	Had to write a few notes.  This place is great.  Its a rarity to always have a good experience somewhere.  Great food, great service, excellent staff. All in all a great restaurant.
2	This is one of the few options near our apartment (other than pizza and Chinese) that will deliver to us. We have ordered from them three times, and I still have not been impressed. The rice is not seasoned and it should be because the majority of the burrito is rice. They are very sparing with the beans and the chicken. Last time we ordered from them (estimated wait time of 30-40 minutes) the driver called 50 minutes after placing our order to say he couldn't find the address in his GPS and was still at the restaurant. When he finally did arrive the cheese fries we had ordered were cold and the queso was congealed.
1	Definitely won't be back. My friend and I had the steak burrito and another friend the chicken. Steak tasted like it could've came from a can (not that it did bit could've lol). Paid $1.25 for a little teeny thing of sour cream (takeout order). $21 total for 2 steak burritos,  fries and sour cream. Had I known before we got back home I definitely would not have put that on my tab. Fries we're greasy...they looked burnt but didn't taste like it. My friend with the chicken burrito enjoyed it. All meals came with chips and another teeny thing of Pico de Gallo. I was so hungry I ate half of the burritto and then stopped....it was pretty bad. Granted we got there a half hour before they closed but that shouldn't be an excuse :(
4	Got take out on a road trip. It was oh so good. The kid's burrito was huge. Between the 3 kids they only ate about one total. Tamales were excellent. Fish tacos and veggie tacos were worth the money. I think I'd try one of their specialty items next time.
4	Great little hole in the wall. Cheap food that's good. Taco Tuesday = tacos $0.99. Cheese dip is good too. The restaurant is nothing fancy but a good find. :)
2	I've been there once.  I did happen to go on a night they were offering a 5.99 anything on the menu (ups the value point) special.  I took that chance to get both a big chicken and cheese quesadilla and big meaty burrito.  Both came with chips.  The chips were good but the salsa bar was of the refridgerated variety.  While that's obviously good toward keeping things fresh, the problem was everything was so near the freezing point that you couldn't each your chips with salsa.  The excellent queso stepped in for a save.  The two entrees were bland and the seating area left much to be desired.  All in all, it's not bad but not so good as I'd want to return.  It's a home grown effort with out the million dollar budget chain restaurants use to get the details right, I know.  It's when a small mom and pop's joint still manages to get the details worked out, you have found a winner.
3	I'd rate this  3.5 if half stars were an option. The food is solid and it's certainly better than most burrito options in Charlotte but it's not as good as I was expecting based on the reviews.You get a lot of food for your money here and for the most part, I enjoyed my burrito. However, I wasn't crazy about a lot of the sauce and salsa options and that's an important part of a burrito. They have several different hot sauces so I was initially pretty excited when I saw the salsa bar but I had trouble finding one I really liked. They all had a strange creamy taste to them and none of them were really spicy. The habanero one is the best (you have to ask for this one) but I've had better habanero sauces before. The spicy chicken on my burrito was fresh tasting and tender but it also was over salted.In summary, it's a good place to go if you're craving a burrito but I'm not sure it lives up to the five star ratings I keep seeing.
