4	Look down at your nails. Go ahead do it. Now tell your hands you're sorry. Now tell your hands you'll make it up to them by taking them to 7 day spa and nails. I just got a manicure from this place. I'm being serious. My nails are still wet. i work at a salon and spa so I hardly go anywhere else to get services done, but our nail technician is always busy and I had to get in before a trip. So I went two doors down to get my nails did! I wasn't expecting much from the outside. It looks like your average hole in the wall nail place. But when I walked in I was pleasantly greeted and immediately taken. My lady didn't really speak English too well, but she was nice enough and asked if I was OK. Very very nice. I found out that this location does waxing. I'm not a hundred percent that I would recommend coming here to receive a wax since I had a little trouble communicating with my lady. But the women who went back there came out with decent looking brows. So I could always be wrong. All in all, my nails came out very good and the women worked well under the time crunch I had. I will most certainly be back for a pedicure and another mani. I had a good experience.
5	I'm surprised at myself for giving out so many 5 star reviews in the past two months but this place really deserves it.It is day 4 of my french manicure and honest to god, swear on my grandmother's grave, there is not one single chip! None! I actually forced my own nail chip just to see what it would take because I was starting to worry!The good:Quick, cheap, effective. The decor is nicer than your usual 10 dl manicure place. While my nail lady didn't speak very much to me (I'm a quiet person so that's fine with me) there are other chattier ladies. They're open till 7:30 but they actually let me come in as they were closing because they knew why I needed the manicure (job interview the next day). Not only that, but they didn't skip on being nice. There we were, 7:25, and she proceeds to do a full on french manicure for nearly 40 minutes. Polish- good selection. OPI and they use the new gel stuff from OPI which is why I think my nails haven't chipped. the bad: Umm...parking? It's at tempe marketplace so you might not get a spot right in front but it is not hard. This IS my new spot for nails. I may start going every two weeks since it's so affordable and apparently my nail polish is lasting me much, much longer than a normal one.
5	This is by far the cleanest place to get your nails, and or toes done.I found a lady that I LOVE!  Her name is Destiny, and I always make an appointment for when I get my nails done and she is never late, and she always does it exactly as asked, and I am a picky person.Reasonably priced and they time your massages when you get a pedicure.  Well done 7 Day Spa and Nails!
5	Love this place. so clean, so friendly, great place for waxing and nails!
4	I needed a fix from getting my nails done in Cali and had no clue where to go here in Tempe. After asking a friend I was told to check this place out. Its extremely clean and well-maintained. I was helped instantly upon entering. The place was bustling with sorority girls and other ladies getting pampered. As soon as I sat down I was given a bottle of water (in this weather that was a huge plus for me). The lady who did my nails was speedy and efficient and fixed the couple of problematic nails from the last time I got my nails done. It was a little more than I would have paid at the other place I went to but they use better products so it ends up being worth it. The pedicure chairs looked mighty comfy and I look forward to returning to get my nails redone and a pedicure in the next couple of weeks. If you are looking for a place to get your nails did in the Tempe area then I would definitely recommend coming here!
5	I had to update my review and give them another star. I can't get over how fabulous the service is here. I went a couple days ago to get a nail fix and they didn't charge me which really surprised me. They consistently do a good job, regardless of which technician does my nails. I can't wait to go back for a pedi soon!
5	No wait, even on a busy Saturday afternoon in Tempe Market Place. Nice decor with new, clean equipment, and my manicurist gave me a shoulder massage while waiting for my nails to dry! Spent $30 on getting gel coated nails. They look great... my cuticles are very well done, filed evenly , and she worked quickly! I will definitely go back.
5	Really nice, clean place.  Friendly, talented staff. Fair prices.
4	I visited on a Monday afternoon so it was incredibly slow - translation no waiting:  They have 3 levels of pedicures with varying prices. I settled on the Rosemary soak which was 35 (the basic was 25) and the other one I think was 50 and included a paraffin wax and callous removal. My pedi was flawless, had a complementary bottle of water and great service. Kit did my pedicure and I discovered he lived in Evansville for 11 years! So, he's a Hoosier! The massage, hot oil rub was relaxing! my feet are saying thank you and no more hiking, please!now, i was just about to get my eyebrows waxed when i read the reviews and I had to pass because of the previous comments!! speaking just for the pedi it was worth it. a young lady just came in to get gel nails removed and it was only 7 bucks. great deal!
3	The service was good, I really liked my nail tech but it needs a little cleaning up.  The prices were affordable and they give you about a 5 min neck and shoulder massage with a manicure which was nice.
3	It gets busy but they will take care of you quickly.  I went for a basic mani and pedi for $38.  The price is fair but a little more than I planned to spend.  It's conveniently in the Marketplace so I went for a car wash with my paper sole sandals.
5	I just went there today and got a pedicure and a full set. They did an amazing job. The people there are soo nice and fixed my nails promptly as I found 2 flaws. I paid 80 dollars for it, which i thought was not bad for all of the things that I got. Definitely worth it. Going back again:D
4	Love, love, love this place! Pretty reasonable price for gel nails, which I also love. These nails are destruction proof as long as they are done right. My nails can go without chipping for a minimum of three weeks and I've gone a month without tending to them and they still looked great. I've had friends who have gone to high end salons to get shellac/gel and had their nails chip before mine. I always go with a friend and we can seriously be in and out in less than 30 minutes with amazing results. Be forewarned that this place is super busy on Friday and the weekend, but they definitely can speed through clients without sacrificing quality.
5	My daughter and I went in to 7 Day on Saturday morning at 9:30 am,the salon was already full, good sign!! Although the salon was full they didn't make us wait more than 10 minutes for our two pedicures. Spa chairs were nice, selection of three different priced pedicures and a good selection of polishes!! What more can a girl ask for!! Highly recommend!!
5	Hey guys. So I went to this place today to get my nails done. Let me just say they get really busy, yet somehow still get you in. When I walked in I expected to have to wait but I had no wait at all. I always get both my nails and toes done. I had made up my mind that I wanted to get my acrylics off and get gel polish but the lady ended up convincing me to get a pink back fill instead. I had no idea what that meant but I went with it. I also got an upgraded pedicure. They have three different types. I will say that this was by far the best pedicure I have EVER had!! let me say that again. BEST EVER. I seriously didn't think my legs were going to work bc I was so relaxed. My nails turned out really nice! The guy did a good job!! I highly recommend this place. I may have spent alot of money but it was so worth it!!! The prices are very average. The employees are very nice. Oh yeah and don't forget...GET A PEDICURE! :) nykki
3	I have only been here once to get acrylics put on before a trip to Vegas and was satisfied.They try the typical, "5 dollars extra" for this and that but that is to be expected at nail salons.It would be great if they could put some coupons in The Student Handbook that is handed out every year at ASU, all of the other local nail salons do and I would go here more often if I had coupons to use!
4	I've been going to 7 Day almost every other week for the last 3 years. They are almost ALWAYS busy BUT they'll get you in. I've seen girls walk in 5 minutes before they close and not be turned away. The longest I've ever had to wait was less than 10 minutes even during the holidays. It's best to go in the early afternoon though. This is definitely a hot spot between 5-6pm. When you walk in you can always expect a clean salon, reputable products (Creative Nail Design, OPI, Essie, China Glaze, etc), the newest polish lines, tons of color choices and a friendly staff eager to get you in and sit you down in one of their big comfy massage chairs.I go to 7 Day for pedicures. I'm a little obsessed with finding the perfect pedicure and they are by far the best I've had here in Tempe. (I've gone to several other salons in the area.)I'm not going to say they're always perfect because I've had a few not so perfect experiences but my only complaint is that occasionally I've had a nail tech who was only half paying attention to my massage (which is 10 minutes on each leg/foot for the Classic & 15minutes on each leg/foot for the Spa Pedi) It's annoying because I can rub lotion on my own legs for free. I want a massage, not a rub. I go there to relax not just leave with pretty toes. When they're good though (about 75% of the time) they're REALLY REALLY REALLY good. Totally worth the money, time and chances that you might get a lazy tech. My best advice is to ask for one of the guys if you can and even if you get one of the 2 ladies who aren't the best, go back! Try it again another day. There's a reason I haven't given up on this place.
5	I have been frequenting this salon after moving to Scottsdale and i love love love this place.  My nail tech Tru is AMAZING she does exactly what I ask every time with attention to detail.  They offer pink and white powder acrylics and Tru's technique is different than any other nail tech I've ever used but it's far more superior result. She's great, easy to chat with and always gives me what I want for a reasonable cost.  Great spa, great price per value!
2	Sloppy work, limited colors, the only good colors are an extra $6, not going back
5	Great pedicure, nice atmosphere, clean, busy but NO wait!  For all you men scared to get a pedicure this place had just as many males as females. Great prices too!  I will definitely go back there when I am in the area!
4	I have been here twice for pedicures. I felt relaxed and confident that my pedicure would turn out nicely. The staff is friendly and will make conversation with you or leave you alone depending on your mood. I felt that they are experienced and know what they are doing. They do try to up-sell you and that can be slightly annoying, but that's part of their job. The atmosphere is calm and serene like it should be at a spa. I would recommend this place to friends.
2	This is the second time I have been there to get a gel manicure. The first time it seemed like he rushed it and didn't get all the way into the corners and as soon as my nails grew a little it started to peel up. This last time I went, it seemed like the guy did a good job. They looked really nice and kept my nails sturdy. But now less than a week later the gel started separating from my nails and snagging on things and peeling off. I have gotten gels done at other places and they lasted me at LEAST 2 weeks. Every time I have gone here, they peel off in less than a week and they are more expensive.
5	Always busy but you never wait.  And they are all business and get the job done fast.
4	Great place to stop by for a quick pedi. I've been here a few times and it's always busy--whether right when they open or in the afternoon. Book an appointment if you want to get in for sure!
4	In town visiting and really needed my toes done. After consulting the reviews on Yelp we decided to try this place out. They were extremely busy so I was worried. No need, this place was fast, efficient, reasonably priced and the pink and white fill looks great!
5	I came to try this place on my lunch hour after trying to find a great place.  I have been disappointed in a few in the ahwatukee area so went somewhere near work and it was really worth it.  As soon as I arrived I was attended to, they provided bottled water, and asked me to tell them exactly what I wanted.  The technician was also very careful to not file under my nails since some technicians do which has cause bleeding.  She also fixed a bubble on one nail after she was done.  Very attentive service.  The place is pretty busy like other reviewers have commented but not one person had to wait.  I am pretty impressed and hope that I can continue receiving the same level of service.
4	This salon is located in the Tempe Marketplace next to Verizon.I walked in without an appointment and they were able to take me immediately. They have spa pedicure chairs all set up to the right side of the room. They actually have a lot of space. I needed a manicure as well, and they basically have 2 people working on you simultaneously. That's great for someone like me who hates waiting a long time to get my nails & feet done.The pedicure is standard although you can ''upgrade'' to a more fancy pedicure. Price starts at $25.My manicure cost $13.
4	Great Customer Service, actually had a fun conversation with my technician Diana! She did an amazing job on my gel manicure! Will def become a regular here
4	This is a great nail salon!  No appointment necessary.  The staff were friendly, efficient, and thorough. The salon is very clean and comfortable.A friend and I went around Christmastime and the salon was very busy, but we were seated for pedicures next to each other within five minutes.  We both did the callus removal and paraffin wax dip.  I could've used a slightly more aggressive leg massage, but it wasn't a deal breaker.  When I changed my mind about my nail color part way through, the pedicurist was kind about looking for a new color for me, didn't complain, and laughed about it instead of being disgruntled at my indecision.  I definitely made sure to holiday tip her!Only 4 Stars because I didn't get a manicure, gel nails, or any art done, so I don't want to overrate before I try all of the services =)
1	THE WORST MANICURE OF MY LIFE.I really wanted to like this place. Really. I'd had a long week at work and stopped by on a Friday afternoon to reward myself with a manicure. The place was packed, so the manager put me in a pedicure chair for my manicure, far away from the drying stations and other clients. One other woman was in my area and she had a nail dryer set up on the pedicure station--I didn't. RED FLAG #1.Then, after prepping my nails in record time, my manicurist asked for me to pay with tip (and I could barely understand her). How on earth am I supposed to know how much I'm going to tip BEFORE the manicure is done? RED FLAG #2.After receiving a generous tip, my manicurist spent a grand total of 10 minutes on my nails and then told me I was done. No nail drying, no nothing (and all the drying stations are full already). So I leave with an okay manicure that quickly is demolished by the elements. RED FLAG #3.I spend twenty minutes in my car (twice the amount of time the nail stylist spend on my nails), drying my ruined nails with the car's air conditioning system. Thanks, 7 Day Spa & Nails!I'm going to need to go to a proper salon to get my nails fixed, so if anyone has any suggestions, definitely let me know. Xoxo.
5	Have to admit: as a guy, i don't normally get pedicures.  But hey, I'm in AZ and when i looked at my feet, i was thinking: "Ugh!  These bad boy need to be clipped!" Normally, I clip them myself but I decided to pamper myself while on a business trip so I combed through the Yelp reviews and voila!  found this place.When I arrived, there was only an hour before it closed and the place was nearly full of clients.  I was expecting to be turned away but the front desk manager asked what I was interested in and i quietly said to him (so that no one could hear my response but i'm sure people heard anyway that i wanted a pedicure for men). He pointed me to an empty chair and i helped myself to that chair. My pedicurist didn't speak much English so our conversations were kept to a minimum but they were friendly and attempted to ask me common questions: "Where are you visiting from? what do you do? do you like the weather here? etc."She was very thorough in her nail cutting and cuticle pushing (which normally doesn't get done on my toe nails).  I'm impressed with that. She also massaged and rubbed my feat with oils and lotion.  All -in - all , I was very satisifed with the experience.  And guys, I wasn't the only guy getting a pedicure at the time. I spotted 2-3 guys getting their toes done too.  They offered to do my nails but i was short on time and politely declined.  Total price for the Herbal Spa Pedicure (Rejuvenating Rosemary Mint Spa option) was: $35. I tipped the nice lady $5 for a job well done. Guys, you're missing out on a really nice foot massage and toe-nail clipping if you skip this place while in Tempe, AZ.
5	The best manicures, pedicures, and acrylics I have ever gotten. I absolutely refuse to go anywhere else. They have a wide variety of options, and price points as well. Their nail techs are extremely nice - their customer service is outstanding.
4	I have been going to 7 Day Spa & Nails for a couple of years now and they have done the best at doing my nails. And if they haven't gotten it right, they never had a problem fixing it. : ) I am definitely satisfied.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. They always have a ton of employees on so you never need an appointment or have to wait. Everyone that works there is super friendly and no matter who you get they are going to do a great job. They are always busy, which is telling in itself. Great customer service and great work here, which is why I continually go back and have not gotten my nails done anywhere else in Arizona.
4	This is my go-to nail salon. The only thing I hate is that it's in Tempe and that's about a 20 minute drive for me.But on to the things I love about this place - they do your pedi and mani at the same time! I'm one of those people that hate having to waste time to get my nails done - but when they can do your toes and fingers at the same time, I'm a much happier person. Also, for the most part, they always do a quality job. They're always busy too, but you usually don't have to wait because they have so many chairs and employees. They give you a bottle of water as soon as you sit down too. Lastly, but probably most importantly, everything seems VERY sanitary here. My only complaints are that they HATE when you tip via your debit or credit card. They are clearly annoyed if you didn't bring cash for the tip. And I mostly get regular manicures and they always pressure me to get gels and continue to push me about it after I've said no, thank you. But that won't stop me from coming here!This is also a great place to bring a girlfriend to, as you can usually get two chairs side by side for pedis. I've even seen lots of guys in here too!
2	This was my first time to 7 Day Spa & Nails. The salon is very small and I was surprised how many people they crammed into the place, it literally felt like people were standing/ sitting on top of each other. I do have to say they were very accommodating and were able to get me and my two friends in, in under 15 minutes. I got a pedicure and was very pleased with how everything turned out... that wasn't the problem. When I went to pay, the manicurist asked how much I wanted to put on my card and I told her $30, $25 for the pedicure and 5$ for tip, when she came back with the receipt it was only for $25. I asked her why it was only $25 and not $30 she said she "forgot", mind you this all happened in less that 30 seconds, so I don't know how she "forgot". I asked if she could run my card again for the tip and she said that her manager wouldn't allow that and then insisted on a cash tip. I told her I didn't have cash and that was the reason I paid with my card, she then suggested that one of my friends that came with me could give her the $5 tip. I told her that was unacceptable and she went on her way. You don't ask that someone else tip you when you made the error. I was perfectly happy to give her a tip for the service that was done, but after that rudeness... no way.
1	Went for a standard mani-pedi.  It was pretty busy but they got me in right away. They seemed very distracted and my nail tech was halfway through my pedicure before she asked if I wanted a manicure also. It was also difficult to understand them, but thats common. Then halfway through my manicure she left for another client and had to have another tech finish my nails. This was very inconvenient as they had to split my bill between the two techs on two separate transactions and I had to figure out how much to tip each one... Ended up costing about $50. The end result was pretty standard although it started wearing off after two days. Afterward, I tried to buy the nail color for touch ups and learned that the color was discontinued in 2007, which is kind if disturbing to have them use 6 year old polish. Then a few days later a couple of my fingernails started hurting... Yep, they are infected... But only the nails the second tech worked on. Which makes me think it may not have happened if they hadn't switched techs on me. I've had many manicures in my life and this is the first place I ever got infection from.  Definitely won't be returning here. There are many places around town that look cleaner, are less crowded, pay more attention to clients and are cheaper.
4	Quick service, Nice nail colors and pedicure options. The salon is clean and professional, but doesn't give you that "sterile" cold feeling of high end salons. I really like their spa chairs and the massage action--very soothing and not overly abusive. They spend a good amount of time massaging your legs and making experience enjoyable. There were a lot of men working at this spa, which I was kind of skeptical about (admitted nail sexist), but I needn't worry-they did an excellent paint job. My pedicure looked flawless.Prices are also fair- I got a middle tier spa pedicure for about $40 out the door (service plus tip).  My major gripe? The horrendous parking situation at Tempe Marketplace.  It gets more dangerous and comical every time I visit. Not the fault of the nail salon itself, but still a factor.
5	came to this place after being recommended by my mom and sisters.i have had a difficulty time finding a dependable and quality nail salon in scottsdale/tempe area. i finally found one!they did a SUPERB gel manicure and pedicure. they really take care and time in their work and the customer service is incredible. competitive prices as well.i will be returning -- best nail salon i've been to by far!
1	I'm not sure why this place has such great reviews. I read all the other Yelpers reviews before driving the 30 minutes from my house to this locations. 4 stars usually means I can expect pretty good services and I was excited to find a nail salon to frequent since moving here. The experience started well enough. They sat me down quickly even on a Saturday morning and worked on both my pedicure and gel manicure at the same time. The man doing my pedicure showed me a price list and asked me which pedicure I wanted. I pointed to one that included a callus scrub and was promptly told I didn't need that (when I knew I did). I got the distinct impression he just didn't want to do that service after telling him 3 times I still wanted the service and him telling me no. I gave up. The pedicure was decent but began chipping off after only 3 days which is just unacceptable to me since my typically can last without chipping up to one month. Then the manicure began. The girl doing my manicure was very snooty and acted like she was doing me a favor. I asked her a question about something related to the nail service and she completely ignored me. I asked again thinking she just didn't hear me and nope, she was just ignoring me. Then for a gel manicure, she used the electric file on my nails which I have never had done and completely defeats the purpose! If I wanted my nails degraded to that degree, I would just get acrylics. I asked her not to use that and she told me if I wanted gel that she HAD to buff them this way (which is 100% NOT true). Again she continued to act like she was doing me a favor and that my sheer presence there was nothing less than revolting to her. It went on this way throughout the entire manicure. She even changed the color I picked out for my toes because supposedly they have this "perfect match" system for gel color and regular toe color. It's in no way a perfect match and I was very unhappy with this. The gel polish only lasted 3 days before chipping off badly. Mine usually can last 2-3 weeks if done correctly.All in all I paid about $85 for a manicure and pedicure that lasted 3 days and to be treated like an inconvenience. I've waited a month to write this review thinking I was maybe just a little too harsh, but with time I realize that this was just a horrible experience and the above account is just an accurate account of the events, not an angry tirade. I will not come back here again.
5	This is far and away the best nail salon I've been to in the Valley.  It's clean, modern, and tastefully decorated.  I've never had to wait for service and that is SO important to me.  The employees are really friendly and they understand if you just want to enjoy your treatments without chatting.  They give you water, and if you drink it all they give you more! I've been extremely impressed with the quality of the services.  My gel manicures last at least three weeks if not more! I've had to go to a couple other places to get my manicure done when I couldn't get to this salon and those didn't last nearly as long. I definitely get my money's worth here.As others have said, the fact that they do your mani and pedi at the same time is awesome.  I hate spending hours at the nail salon and this place is really respectful of your time.  The only negative thing I can say is that at least once an employee doing my manicure answered his cell phone during my service.  Other employees have their ringer on and have to silence it during service.  In a world where many businesses ask customers to turn off their phones at their stores it seems pretty inappropriate for employees in a service industry to be answering their phones and having the ringers on.  That's really my only gripe.All in all, I really love this place and recommend it to everyone!
1	Skip this place!!!  Went for a pedicure with some friends.  Basic pedicure is $25 - which DOES NOT include callus removal.  REALLY?  You want to charge me $5.00 for something that is part of a standard pedicure? In addition, when the pedicure was done - no base coat was applied to my nails prior to polish application and finally - NO TOP COAT!!  Polish is already chipping the day after.  Big time up-sale - nickel and dime you on what should be part of a basic, standard pedicure.  Be wary of all the positive reviews - I'm thinking they are being generated by friends and family members of the salon owners!
3	I have been to this salon twice. It is always crowded due to it's location in Tempe Market Place, however I have never had to wait be seen. I usually only get pedicures and eyebrow waxing done. The Nail polish selection is always picked over leaving me with few options. My actual pedicure was just fair. The lady  I had didn't seem like she wanted to be there (maybe a bad day). She wasn't rushing but my leg massage for example had no energy behind it. On the other hand, my eyebrow wax was awesome. It was done very well and carefully. The lady not only used wax, but trimmed and tweezed until perfect.
4	Never had to wait that long to get my nails done! I've always thought they did pretty good job. I get acrylics and fills. Recently I got a fresh set of acrylics. They looked really good except when buffing, they would buff a lot off the top of your nail. So basically, by the second or third day, it really looked like I'd had had them for about a week. Different nail techs charge differently. One would charge me something, and the next time I came in another nail tech would charge me something else.
4	I'm more than a little shocked at the negative reviews on here...  Some of them seem reasonable (pushy on cash tips, excessive upsell, maybe even the ones that say they felt rushed/hurried) but others seem a bit far-fetched...I have been coming to this salon for a bit more than 6 months now and have never had a negative experience.  I had been going to a place in Scottsdale, that I was loyal to, but when they closed I decided to try 7 Day since some of my friends had regular check-ins here.  First off, I was paying $35 out-the-door (service, extras, tip) for my old pedicure place and the service there was hit & miss, but overall, okay. Here, I pay $35 for the #2 pedicure (different scents/oils available) and get way more bang for the buck!Longer massage than any other place I've been to, essential oils/scrubs, thorough work, complimentary bottles of water, massaging chairs that ACTUALLY WORK (how many places can you say have massaging chairs that actually do what they're supposed to?!?)  This place even has massage chairs for the waiting guests!TONS of nail techs always working and a very relaxing environment.  :)My most recent experience was by far the best - ask for Kathy to do your pedicure.  She spent more time on my nails, focused on where I needed the massage (usually they do just anterior muscles, I prefer posterior "calf" muscles), gave me a rockin' paint job (that she made sure *i* thought was perfect) before letting me leave, AND gave me a second top coat after I was already drying (though, I'll admit that one is probably because I tipped generously.) Hey, when you give that much attention to SOMEONE ELSE'S feet - you deserve it!!!
5	If ever a 5-star review were warranted, it's for this place. I'm not really sure why anyone would give less than that, to be perfectly honest. If you are looking for a very well done but quick (a combination that's the holy grail for salon services) manicure and pedicure, this is the place. The workmanship is flawless - they do everything from file the nails once the gel manicure is set to going over the edges of the pedicure with nail polish remover to ensure perfect lines. Plus, there are the little touches - the mini water bottles, extra leg massage with every pedicure and massage chairs by the entry. Plus, did I mention that they are really fast and efficient? I leave my office for an hour and return with beautiful fingers and toes. That's about as good as it gets!
1	I ended up here because an ex co worker loves this place. I should have listened to the horrible reviews though. I went in to get a full set and they had a man do them for me. My complaints...He cut me twice, did not listen to me when I explained the shape that I wanted, tried talking me out of what I wanted. I ended up paying without getting a top coat done and I was very upset. I went to a nail salon near me that has great reviews and they fixed them...when I need a fill I will be going to the place that fixed them.
5	I got a gel manicure from Michelle--fabulous.  My usual hour long nail appointment with other places was a 30 minute quick polish change that didn't feel rushed at all.  My nails look fabulous and Michelle was super sweet.   I'd recommend her and 7 Day Spa & Nails for sure!
5	Ever since I moved out to Arizona from LA for school I was looking for a place that did nails well and was not overly priced. I tried a couple different places and then I stumbled upon this place. I love it, the way they do my gel nails makes them last longer than any other place I have been too even in California. It isn't super cheap the gel manicure is around $25-$30 but in comparison to some places I have been that is nothing! I love this place and I wont go any where else.
3	I usually try to shy away from 7 days cause I think it's over priced butttt it was one if the only nail salons open today (new years).
2	Service is terrible. The work eh..ok. Be aware the pricing on the website isn't a guarantee. They hiked up the price by 5. This place is not my cup of tea and I will not return.
5	I love this place!  I hardly ever have to wait for a pedicure and once seated, I get top notch pampering every time.  My very favorite thing about this place is that I watch them clean out the water basin every single time they begin a new pedicure and they open up a sealed packet of tools for every customer.  It's clean and that's my biggest concern when going to a nail salon.  In addition, they are always friendly and the pedicures last forever (in a good way!)  They offer different salt scrub scents and massage the legs with the scrub and then massage with lotion and oil as well.  It's truly a relaxing and rejuvenating experience!  The pedicures usually last for about two weeks even without gel polish which is also a plus!
5	Finally found a nail salon I love. The staff is amazing and they remember me when I come in.  I've never really been to a nail salon where I've been 100% happy with the service and the job they have done on my nails until I came here. I won't go anywhere else. Best place and reasonable prices and they have such a great system when it gets super busy. Highly suggest you come here.!
5	This place is amazing and I have been here a million times.  However, they can get extremely busy on weekends and certain nights.  Personally, if you can get there during the day this is the optimal time to go.  They do a great job, the pedi's are absolutely amazing, and the staff is sweet.  The place is clean and they sanitize there instruments which is my number 1 concern.  They also give you a small bottle of water to help you cool off from the brutal Arizona heat.  Nothing but 5 stars for this place!
1	I have been to this salon quite a few times and actually one of the techs always remembers me and is very nice. But I will not go back,last week was my birthday and I wanted to get a mani and pedi. When I arrived and sat down, I got a text from my daughter just as she was ready to start the mani (in the pedi chair) .  I quickly started to answer her back as the nail tech "tisked" me!!!!!  Really???? And then told me to put my phone away! Very rudely. I told her no bc she was rude (And if I want my phone out its none of her concern). She went on and on w a story about how it can drop in the water.  I am a 45 year old woman and have worked in the spa industry for decades and was pretty Put off by how miserable and aggressive she was. Cutting away way too much cuticle and for the past week the skin has been peeling off all around the area she chopped up! Hang nails on every finger! And the polish literally chipped off of three fingers by tHe next morning.  It's sad when people treat others with disrespect because they are miserable! Suck it up if you are having a bad day, I was very polite and she is just lucky she didn't cut me, she may have had a lot more problems!
4	This is my new favorite place to get my gel manicure. After my old go-to nail place, who shall not be named, pissed me off for the last time, I reluctantly came to 7 Day with a friend who swore up and down by them. I was initially turned off by how busy the salon was, imagining long wait times for what was supposed to be a relaxing day with a friend. BUT, there was no wait! 7 Day handles their high volume periods extremely well.I've never felt rushed, even during said busy afternoons. The girls who do my manicures are friendly and make conversation.I had been getting gel manicures every 10 days at my old place, but 7 Day does a better job and must use a better quality product because I can now go over two weeks without needing them re-done.The girls are also imaginative with designs. I'll bring in a picture of what I want and they put a fun twist on it. I also appreciate that they give you complimentary bottled water. Nice touch! I can't speak on the quality of their pedicures because I never had one, but my two friends who also frequent 7 Day say they're pretty great. The girls prefer to be tipped in cash, by the way! But in the service industry, who doesn't? ;)
5	I've been to more than 10 nail salons in the valley and this place is my favorite. I go there regularly. I have ingrowns pretty bad and the owner helps me personally each time to make sure I'm happy. They do an excellent job and the price is decent.
3	Great location in Tempe Market place. Very clean and nicely decorated. And other than that, 7 Day Spa is a mediocre nail salon. My manicure lasted three days, but my pedicure is still going strong. The lady who helped me was very sweet and attentive but did a poor job on my fingernails. I asked for a heart in white, and she didn't wait for it to dry enough before applying the top coat. The pink on my nails streaked into the heart. I was sad.Other than my "broken heart" this place is literally A-OK! This is definitely one of the nicer places in the valley, but the prices are a bit high.
2	The only reason why I gave this salon 2 stars was because of the length of their foot massage.1. My manicurist cut me not once, but twice - to the point my cuticles would not stop bleeding.  2. My clear coat came off in ONE day.
1	I went out of my comfort zone trying this place out.  Pink Polish is out of the way for me and I just needed a quick pedi.  I was already in the area and in Tempe Marketplace so I figured it would just be a quick in and out process....wrongo.Walking in the place was packed, but only in the back for the pedi chairs.  I thought this was strange until I saw that they do mani/pedi at the same time.  This is something I have seen before however, they carried around floor lamps from chair to chair.  That was new.  The pedi chairs were so close together but I ignored it and moved on with my pedi.The nice thing was they were all very friendly, but lacked any professionalism at all.  The girl doing my toes and the guy next to me gossiped the entire time, to be honest that didn't bother me because they were speaking in English so I was still comfortable.  The part that I did NOT like was while she was in the middle of my pedi she spit her gum into a piece of paper....that they use to put between clients toes.  GROSS!  New/used....still gross.That made me very uneasy about the sanitation in that salon.  Especially staring at all of the cleaning bottles just sitting right on top of their stations.  Most places tend to put them away after using them.  They had their "kits" all over the floor and sitting throughout the salon.  Girls working in their heels were stepping over and around them.  Can't be safe for client or techs I would imagine.  The only upside to this place was the length of the foot massage.  I swear it seemed like it was 20min long!  I'm bummed at the uncleanliness because the massage was stellar!  Convenience does not always outweigh everything.  My advice, skip it.
2	Bad. Real bad. I got a mani/pedi. They had one person for each. I can see why people get annoyed when they don't understand the language. I speak the language, and they were talking all kinds of shit!  The lady who did my nails was real snarky and didn't do a good job.  My nails were smudged, and my cuticles are a mess. The dude who did my pedi was awesome though. He rubbed and massaged for at least 10 minutes. I wish there were good, white folk who do nails. Lol.
2	I had read great reviews and was excited to get my nails done at a nicer salon. They get an A+ on aesthetics and cleanliness. However, the people are rude, and my manicure and pedicure were just mediocre. The massage wasn't good and my french pedicure looked horrible. The lines were too thick and uneven. When it came to my nails the girl was rude and impatient and talked to the lady doing my pedicure the whole time. They also "happened to run out" of the additional color I wanted as soon as the girl sat down to do my manicure.  It was WAY overpriced for such a mediocre experience.
4	I don't get my nails and toes done often. It should be a more regular thing, I know. Especially since I have some ganky Fred manstone feet and they never look quite as pretty when I attempt my own pedi. Blah! Hahahaha okay me feet aren't that bad but I'm rough on them, I hike and bike and attempt to jog and they can end up pretty busted in less than two weeks. This place is really pretty far from me but I feel like its worth it for some girl bonding time with the special lady Heather B. Who is the duchess of this fine establishment and also turned me onto it. I have only been here twice but both times have been mega impressed with the skilled technicians. They are able to transform my brick feet into delicate, soft, feminine objects of admiration. At least I admire them! Chi gives the best pedi. She spends lots of time pampering your legs and feet. Her massages are amazing and she is very careful not to injure. Megan gives and amazing hand... Massage. She's super sweet and personal and I am pretty much in love with my Heather B fashioned gel manicure. She didn't trim my nails, just shaped them. Which I love, because I have pretty healthy nails that I'd like to let grow. Over all the facility is clean and very up to date. The waiting area is small but comfortable. The little man likes the massage chairs and has no troubles chilling with his 3DS while I get a mani/pedi. The staff are all so kind and helpful. I will most definitely be coming back!
5	I loved this place and will become a regular! My main girl Amy and I walked in and was seated together right away. I went for the Pedi and a Fill, Benjamin did an amazing job fixing the mess the last place made of my nails. The pedi gal wasn't all that friendly, but benj made up for it. They didn't talk to each other, as other have experienced. The massage was rather soft, but I think my pedi gal had something on her mind, so I am hoping for an improvement the next go around. But overall she did a great job! I have had several compliments on both hands and feet already!The price was really reasonable. And they were fast and efficient!I would say bring cash for the tip...It is just the polite thing to do. If you charge the tip there is no telling when the tech actually gets it...
5	I still think this place is the best nail salon around. Fast service (I always get a gel manicure and pedicure in an hour or less) but still a quality job (doesn't chip or peel for 3 weeks after). Great prices (and no crazy up-charge for nail art). Plus, they are about to move next door in the same center to a larger space. 5 stars all around!
1	Couldn't make it to my normal place so I had to try this spot and left very upset. First, the people are very rude they barked at me to sit in one of the pedi chairs except it had no water in it and the tub was damp from the previous customer so I just sat there with my legs to the side for awhile until the girl who was going to do my pedi showed up. She was actually nice but was rather pushy in trying to up-sell me. The girl who did my mani was extremely rude and rough and was rushing through everything like she was on fire. She didn't even file or shape my nails instead she used that machine they use to shape acrylics. When I asked her to clean up my cuticles a little bit more she completely ignored me. At this point I was done and just wanted to finish and leave. I was going to tip the girls in cash and asked them to break my $20, the girl was again super rude and screamed at me asking how much I wanted back. I asked for two $5 and she brought me a $10. Whatever. Overall this place lacks professionalism and I will not be back.
3	I have been to 7 Day twice and both times got a gel manicure. I got in right away and each time they did a great job. I started going here because my roommates have gone here for a couple years and really liked it. However, a couple weeks ago my roommate came home after trying to get a fill for her nails. They would not complete the fill because under her full set on three of her nails was fungus and bacteria. She has only gone to 7 day so she must have gotten it from them not washing equipment properly or something as it was under her acryllics. They did not offer to buy her cream or give her a free fill or anything. I don't blame her for not wanting to go back and am not sure if I will be back either.
5	I came here without an appointment and was immediately greeted then taken over to the bar for my manicure. Salon was clean and lots of people were working that day! My nail stylist was friendly and spent quality time making sure my nails looked great. For $35, I got a great gel manicure with glitter detail, which is a much better price from what I have paid in other salons for gel and glitter. As a tip, they do not accept credit card gratuitity so make sure you have cash on hand. In case you are unaware or forget, there is an ATM located inside and doesn't charge an extra fee! If I'm in the area again and need/want my nails done, I will be sure to visit again!
1	I used to go to this spa whenever I needed to get my nails done and have brought other people here too.Never, ever again!Their remodel is gorgeous but the staff are awful!In the remodel they forgot a staff room so everyone sits around in salon chairs, lounging on iPads, phones, talking to each other across the room or worst of all doing their own nails! Where is the owner? Where are the managers? I have never seen anything more unprofessional! It was utterly unpleasant.The girl who did my manicure blamed me for the shape being incorrect - I asked for square rounded and she gave me sharp oval. A lady came in after me and sat next to me for a repair job, she was told the tear in the gel was her fault - repeatedly. The manicurist was rude and unprofessional.The ladies spoke about how they were going to go out and get drunk in Scottsdale. I would have preferred a non-English conversation over this explicit discussion. Next came the shouting at each other about what to buy for whom at Costco.I felt like they were doing me a favor at best. Not once did I feel like I was being professionally served as a customer.I will never go here again and will tell everyone I have recommended this place to not to go again!Have I said Awful yet?!
3	I got a gel manicure here and I didn't leave impressed. On first impression, the salon is larger than many I have been to and everything appears cleans. I arrived without an appointment and someone was there to do my manicure right away, which is also a plus. Also, being at Tempe Marketplace makes it very convenient. However, I felt like my manicure was rushed. The lady trimmed my nails well, as I asked her to do, but I feel like they could have been filed a lot better. Immediately upon getting home I re-filed them myself in order to make them more straight and get rid of some of the sharp edges. I also feel like she missed the sides of some of my nails, as well as some of the tips. A nail or two even look slightly chipped as a result, but my own filing helped correct that some. There was also no massage of any sort, she just put some lotion on in the end, so that was disappointing.  In the end, I don't think it was worth the $30 I was charged. I have been to other places that have done a better, more thorough, job for the same price.
2	Woah! $45 for a mani pedi, hold the phone. Wish they were worth every penny, but unfortunately they were not. Quite the minimal manicure and not so much effort in the pedicure. Definitely not worth the price.
4	Great pedicure today with the mother in law, they get you right in with no wait. This place would have to be insanely packed for them to not have an open chair. It was busy when we went in but we were given two great massage chairs and friendly nail techs. The lavender pedicure was amazing, with a salt scrub and extra long foot and leg massage. I could have fallen asleep in that chair, it was wonderful. When you're finished they send you right over to put your toes under the UV lights, they only have one small UV table so it wasn't available but I get that they try to get the massage chairs cleaned and ready for the next person in a hurry. Only tip is to bring your own reading material. I didn't see any magazine racks and there isn't anything next to the pedicure chairs so once you sit down you're kinda stuck. I also brought my own polish which worked out for me since their polish collection isn't huge and with the amount of business they do, the color you want may be already out or practically empty.
3	Located in Tempe market place right across from Tillys.  Even if you go in without an appointment you don't wait very long and  the place is bigger then most nail places. However I felt my pedicure was rushed. The guy did an ok job .He was so concerned about getting to the next customer that he put on my flip flops as soon as he finished painting my nails and handed me my ticket to go pay. Usually after they are done painting your nails they give you time for your nails to dry before putting your shoes on. So I didn't like that very much and he messed one of my nails so he had to paint it again. On top of that the price was a bit more then other nail salons I've been too.. I wouldn't mind paying a few extra dollars if they did a good job. I probably won't be coming back.
2	Picked up a friend from the airport and since we were heading to Scottsdale for a Bachelorette weekend we went to this place instead of where I typically go in Gilbert. Was not impressed, they were so fast and my nails looked terrible when I walked out. They didn't last more than 24 hours and I usually get a good 5 days out of a regular mani. Wouldn't go here again. They weren't very friendly and weren't engaged with us at all and one girl actually laughed at my friends' fingernails.
2	My friend and I made appointments together for mani-pedis for first thing when the salon opened at 9 a.m. on a Thursday. The salon is spacious and clean, and has two pedicure areas...one that is a row, and one that is circular. When putting us "next" to each other in the circular area, we were at 30 degree angles to each other's backs. A bit difficult to carry on a conversation. No one asked us how we wanted our appointments handled, just rushed at us both with one person on the feet and one person on the hands all at once. We were looking forward to a relaxing pedicure, then a leisurely manicure before a nice lunch. One out of three happened. We had a nice lunch. Both of us have regular salons we go to, but this was half way between our residences, and that is why we chose it. You would have thought there was going to be a stampede of customers the way they rushed us through our grooming. Once finished, we each paid by credit card. No tips are allowed to be added to charges, but they will happily direct you to the ATM they have right inside the salon. I gave the man who did my pedicure a $20.00 bill and told him that was for both my friend and myself for our gratuities. He said, "all FOUR?" I told him...yeeees, for the two of us, for all four people who helped us. Again, he repeated, "All FOUR?"  And it became quite clear he was not happy with that amount of a tip. Two manicures, two pedicures, approximately $120.00, and we were given the bum's rush. I thought it was quite generous all things considered. There was no thank you, no hope to see you again. Five days later, my friend told me that her cuts were healing. The man cut her in four places on her heel. And her French manicures on her toes and fingers were already cracking and chipping. Nice.Not to worry. We shall not darken your door again.
4	There is a special for $30 1 hr full body massage right now, and after having realized that the advertised price for Massage Envy was not the actual price ($40 1 hr massage FOR MEMBERS, $80 for non-members), this place was a godsend! They also let you sit in these FANTASTIC massage chairs, seriously better than I've ever experienced. The icing on this cake was the ATM that evidently did NOT charge a processessing fee.
4	My mom and I are here on Mother's Day. They were crazy busy but were very well staffed and we didn't have to wait long at all. Only request would be a little more area for waiting and better flow of clients entering the door. Great job on the toes. :)
4	I was upset that I spent 50 for a gel nail color and regular spa pedicure. But the gel nail color has lasted me over a month! Extremely good quality! I've never been more satisfied with a gel manicure.  Unfortunately, I wish the pedicure was as good as the pedicure. Kind of weeAk and pushy, still pretty good though! Would definitely go back if i am ever back in town!
1	Let me start off by saying the result was near perfect. I'm happy with my nails. Therefore this would have deserved 5 stars. But here's why I had to deduct a few. He was SO rough, he burned me a few times and cut me with the drill. I wasn't bleeding yet but he made sure I kept one eye open lol. His technique was good (despite the scariness of it), he took care of the lifted spots and he filled my gels in thin layers. But throughout the process he was violently smacking my hands around to 'signal' when he wanted me to put it under the light to dry or when he wanted to flip my hand over so he can file under the nails. He obviously has been doing this for a long time and he's good at it, but DAMN wtf was he in a rush for.. Or wtf was he on? Lol I was nice enough to tell him it's okay because he noticed I flinched, but then he continued to attack my cuticles with the buffer and leave deep dents in my nails. -2 stars.But here's what took the cake. One of the workers walked around me, stopped a few times to take a good look at me then proceeded to make comments about me in Vietnamese. A language that I speak. Oh but I guess she didn't know that? Or she's just so used to trash talking on people all day that she doesn't know how to hold back? It was totally uncalled for and without reason. Minus 2 more stars for being unprofessional and flat out rude. My tech was nice, he apologized for the cuts and for his coworker's distasteful personality. (While paying I mentioned that I understood what she said. Lol @ his face turning green.) It was still pretty much a bad experience but like I said in the beginning, the results are nice. And this place stays open later than most nail salons. I think I would have toughen it out and be a regular here if that woman kept her mouth shut. I have zero tolerance for using a non-English language to attack people and trash talk when they're not even your customer, your comments are irrelevant, and when the customer is still within the salon! Smh...
2	This place is crazy busy! There are a thousand pedicure chairs and a million employees running around. We quickly got seated for our pedicure (I had called ahead to made an appointment which I highly recommend you doing if you want to get in on a Saturday) & shortly after another woman came over to start my mani at the same time. This is OK if you are in a hurry, but if you want to relax it's not for you. Doing a gel manicure in the pedicure chair you have to twist and turn and watch what they are doing so you don't smudge anything... it's a pain! My manicurist made two of my cuticles bleed bad and my pedicure massage was nothing spectacular... Needless to say I'll be finding another regular spot.Overall if you need a mani/pedi and you are already here, it's OK but prepare to be over stimulated by the rush of the shop and perhaps leave with bloody cuticles :(
1	They only accept cash tips and even put in an ATM in case you don't have cash on you. I'm pretty sure that illegal and they don't even deliver a good product or service.
1	This used to be my go to place. Unfortunately, times have changed. There are a very select few that do a good job, but the majority of them are lazy and rush you. Today when I went, the girl who did my nails had to be physically woken up from a chair she was sleeping in. She came over, didn't say anything. I told her I didn't want them cut. Next thing I know one is cut super short. Then I told her to stop. But she insisted they be even and kept cutting. So now I have short stubby nails. Then comes the paint job. She gets it everywhere! I have her clean it up and there still are spots on the edges of my fingers. She doesn't bother to even file the ends of my nails. Next thing I know, she is getting up and moving to give someone a pedicure. I go up to the front and say I guess I need to pay, and they look at me like I'm crazy. They go over to the girl and I finally get to pay. I have been a loyal customer here for over 4 years. I was able to look past a few things in the past, but today was the final straw. Unfortunately they have lost myself, as well as any of my girl friends that ask where to go.
5	Amazing experience every time. I had Ken give me a pedicure while Megan gave me a manicure both did a fabulous job and the massage aspect could put me right to sleep!
4	Great gel mani and classic pedi, nicely done, just a tad pricier than other places but great setup, nice chairs, segmented areas for those that are doing both mani/pedis to those that are doing just a pedi to those doing a mani, so roughly 3 separate areas. Bring cash for tips. Friendly staff. Great color choices. Nice relaxing music going. Glass all around the shop gives great lighting and mood. I liked it but I was charged $56 for the two items which seems like a rip off when others claim to have paid $50.
3	Despite a couple of bad reviews on Yelp I decided to check this place out for this first time since it's so close to my house. It is absolutely gorgeous inside and everything seems really clean. The manicurist did a really good job, my one huge complaint is that he was super fast. It took him less than 30 minutes to do a full gel manicure. Normally I am all about it being a quick process but today I actually had some time and I felt like he just rushed the entire process. He barely let my nails dry between coats so I am a little worried it's not going to last very long. I've had gel manicures that took double the time. Overall, I would probably go back because it seems like he did a good job, just would like someone who was a little less "rushed."
1	I downloaded the yelp app on my phone just so I could rate them. It's like the McDonalds of nail salons. They just want more people in the door to make more money. You can barely walk in the place for all the chairs everywhere. My technician was nice enough but rough and he didn't do my nails straight. When I tried to get him to make them straight he argued with me and attempted to correct but they are still crooked! It was not worth the $26 for a classic pedicure!
4	I absolutely love this place. I'm seated right away (because they have so many people working here) and given a complimentary water bottle. Nice touch Arizona! ;DThe prices are very reasonable I got a Mani-pedi under 60$ and that's a great deal for good quality nail care. They were fluent in English. I know that sounds horrible to say.... However I have been to a salon many a time and have had the ladies/gents doing my nails not understand my requests. So this was refreshing. Because I am allergic to lavender and that can be a problem in the lotion department. I absolutely love this place and will return here for my nail needs. My nails look decent and aren't cut too short (which happens all too often).
5	I love this place. Always do a great job. Very clean and pretty inside. The manager is a very nice guy & makes sure your well taken care of! Great color selection. I get pink and white and it always looks amazing! They have every gel color polish you could ever want. Best place I'll never go any place else!!!
1	Disgustingly overpriced, massive salon with shitty customer service. They want your money and they want you out. THEY DO NOT STERILIZE THE TOOLS. I have an infected toe after getting a pedicure there two days ago and I've never had any sort of foot ailment in my life. Thumbs all the way the fuck down.
2	So an update, I requested a certain color gel manicure. The attendant wasn't the most pleasant person to say the least. She did a horrid job then blamed it on the color chosen, went as far as to throw her things around while packing up to move to her other client. Her manager came over and apologized for everything then proceeds to correct the job, not by taking off the color in the fashion it should be done but rather using electric filers on each nail. She further proceeds to berate her staff to me, conduct business and count cash in the middle of this redo (where she left her eyelash in the color). All in all I must have spent a good 3 hrs there. Was I compensated? Nope, charged full price. Desperation may take me back here but nothing else.
2	Annnnd I went there again. Why must I do this to myself? The rude manicurist who ill treated me last time was right next to me this time, interesting experience to say the least. The attending person today still did not know how to paint a nail. I walked out with every nail having streaks and bulges O.o  I solemnly swear, I will never go back. Ambience and location is great but talent and customer service is terrible! P.S. Her name is Meghan, according to the nearby businesses she is known to be rude, rough and inept. Ask for anyone but Meghan.
3	Got dragged in by my friend while shopping at Tempe Marketplace. Like a Mani-Pedi by Force...but they took us both, were friendly and it wasn't crazy expensive. Big glass windows so well lit, was clean. I may or may not come back but I had no issues with the job done. My friend says she gets her nails done there and they always look nice.
5	I have been coming to this place since college (a long time).  They do the best gel manicure.  I have had my gels on for 3 weeks and NO chips.  Pedicures are a little piece of heaven with their foot massages they are longer and it's actually a massage vs. getting lotion rubbed into your legs.  Also, I always just walk in and have never waited more than 2 minutes!!
1	I went in one time for a polish change. The lady barely spoke to me and was rude. I figured because it was just a polish change she was kinda grumpy. I went back again to get a full set and it looks like crap. There are bubbles in the nail polish, the whole nail isn't even painted, and she took a chunk of my skin out with the drill. I will never return to this place. They aren't even reasonably priced so it's def not worth it.
2	The people who work her are very polite but they are very pushy. They pretty much expect everyone to get gel polish and charge $15 extra for it. They didn't even give us the option for regular polish at first.
4	Very nice and capable of providing service to many clients at a time. I received a simultaneous manicure & pedicure. Loved the holiday ombre for my manicure!
5	Love this place! Been coming here for years. They have the longest pedicures and well worth the money!!
4	My boyfriend and I (hehe) had pedicures here for the first time. They seated us immediately and went to work. The place looked pretty clean and they put liners in the tub. We both found the service to be painful at times (heavy handed with the tools under the nail) but the end result was great. Massage could've been better. We will try again when they are less busy.
