5	This is actually the best pizza I've had in Vegas so far!  Eaten here several times already, we get their big 16' New York style, and it's great.  Coming from Ohio, where the Italian population is huge and there is great pizza everywhere, finding a quality pizza that my husband and I have actually enjoyed has been difficult.  Haven't tried anything else other than their pizza and cheese sticks (again, delicious) yet, but will be sure to in the future.
5	I agree with the first poster that this might be the best pizza I've had in Vegas.  I have not ordered a full pie but I have been to Joe's lots of times for a quick lunch before heading off to work the night shift.  The bare bones staff is very friendly and you can tell they are good people.  At the counter you'll find a few different pizzas on display for slices.  They'll pop it in the oven for a minute and you're good to go.  Inside there are a few HD televisions on the wall, with at least one on ESPN at all times.  If you know anything about the economy, you know that food prices has shot through the roof, especially for those who make and sell pizza.  Thus, prices have gone up on my pizza slice over the past year.  It's about 5 bucks for a slice and bottle of water (don't quote me on that) but it's totally worth it.  Looking forward to my next lunch there.  I only with it wasn't next to the Tropical Smoothie Cafe because it's like being torn in two trying to make that decision.
4	This pigeon walks into a pizza joint and...So I stopped into Joe's for a quick lunch between appointments.  I had the 2 cheese slices and a drink deal, about $6.50.  The slices are decent sized so 2 was plenty for me.  Pretty good.  Not quite the NY style I am accustomed too, if the crust were a bit thinner and the edge not so thick and it had a good coal or wood fired taste...that would be perfect.  Still, pretty good, I'll go back.Oh, about the pigeon.  The front door was standing open and this sketchy  looking pigeon wandered in and began poking around by the trash can and front tables looking for crumbs.  Serious authenticity points for the mangy pigeon.  I don't know if it's on the payroll or just a regular.  Someone came from behind the counter and chased it out but it came right back so it was obviously from NYC.
2	So the last couple times I have eaten at Joe's within the last 6 months or so I have been sorely dissapointed.  It used to be my husband's and I's favorite pizza spot around and we went there all the time.  They must have changed ingredients or lowered the quality of them, as their pizza is just not as good as it used to be.  Just regular old mediocre pizza now.
5	I just finished eating a couple of slices from Joe's, and let me tell you: They were amazing!If you don't like grease, I suggest that you don't go there.However: If you are a college student like me who only cares about what the food actually tastes like and not if it's healthy, then by all means find the nearest transportation and go, go, go!!!I ordered the Joe's Favorite which consists of cheese, pepperoni, and bacon. The crust was soft, the slices were huge, and they were also easily foldable, so that the toppings didn't fall off!Plus: It was delicious!! The bacon in no way overwhelms the flavor of the pepperoni. In fact: I don't know what kind of pepperoni they use, but it was like POW! Pepperoni Explosion!!! Sailing along on a boat of cheese with a zesty tomato sauce undercurrent.I loved it, and I went despite all of the negative reviews that I read online.(Some of these people don't seem like the type that have ever eaten cold leftover pizza for breakfast.)So my fellow college brethren, THIS is the pizza for you!To all of the fine-dining connoisseurs out there I say - Don't ruin it for the rest of us normal people!Delicious, delicious!! I think I may eat another slice! ^_^P.S. I got the 16-inch pizza, haven't tried their "pizza-by-the-slice" yet.P.P.S. They were playing Journey when I walked in! JOURNEY!!!! That sealed the deal for me!
3	the pizza here is ok. the pizza by the slice looks like it's been sitting out there pretty much for a few days. they take your slice and put it in the oven and it comes out piping hot. supreme was really good, but the chicken pesto was dry and with no real flavor.
5	I've been to the location by UNLV, but this was the first time I had been to this location. The pizza here is very good. I got the pepperoni and the spinach, tomato and ricotta slice. They were both really good. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the prices are very reasonable. I really love places that do pizza by the slice, and this is definitely some of the better places I've been. I'll be back for sure!
3	Excellent meatball sandwich. One of the best I've had. Pizza is ok.
2	Grabbed a slice for a quick bite, pizza was alright.  Word of advice go when your real hungry, it'll taste better and don't look at the pizza in the glass, just order, pay and sit down,  because the pizza in the glass looks kinda old and dry.   Don't expect great service unless you leave the gal a tip.  The lunch special runs $6.48 (2 slices of cheese pizza with a small soda).
4	This is now a Vegas tradition for The Morning After. Superb, crispy chewy crust that is nice and thick, while the rest of the slice thins out from there.  Pizza's are made fresh in front of you and placed behind the glass, with a rotating order of variety.Wish there was one in California!
4	Went here for dinner last night because my little dude was sick and I didn't have time to cook dinner. It was delicious. We ordered a large pepperoni, mushroom and sausage pizza....cooked perfectly, thick tasty crust, good amount of toppings. The only reason it isn't getting 5 stars is because it is slightly pricey (in my humble opinion). Will continue to come back here for dinner in a pinch.
4	It was another dinner in a pinch evening and this time we just got the pepperoni pizza. It was wonderful and reheated beautifully (microwave and then put in the over at 350 for about 7-10 min). GO JOE!
4	Good food. Good service. Ok price.
4	This is the perfect place to grab a quick slice of pizza.  Whether you're hung over or have a craving for pizza this is a good place to go.  I really like that they have 2 locations-this location on LV Blvd and another by the Hard Rock Hotel.   We've gone in for pizza by the slice and have ordered ahead for the full meal.  In addition to pizza, they also have wings, calzones, and salads.  I really like their Chicken and Pesto Pizza.  Another favorite is the Barbeque Chicken Pizza!  As always, you can't go wrong with cheese or pepperoni!  PS:  Get a side of their ranch...dip your pizza in it!  It's the best ranch ever!  Love it!
5	Great pizza! I order it at least once a month.Usually order the garlic knots which are so delish & come with either marinara or ranch. I also usually get Joes Favorite which is pepperoni, bacon, & mozzerella cheese and add mushrooms.toppings are generous, pizza crust is thin & crispy, delivery is fast & accurate.
5	Great pizza is only matched by the staff.  Mary is the best.
4	I had it for the first time on Friday January 20th and liked it so much I went back again the next day. The place is clean and I like how they have their menu set up above the register and on take out menus for convenience. They also have some interested decor on a wall with a lot of superhero art and vintage signs.     The first time I got a monster vegetarian cal-zone. It had to much onions on it however the cheese and crust were perfect. this made me curious how their pizza must taste, hence my prompt return on Saturday.  Their pizza was great and I love their fries. Its hard for me to find real fresh fries and they had them. Overall I enjoy it and will be back for sure.
5	Went here with my boyfriend just to kill time before work and oh my gosh the pizza is so good! And they have great specials and the slices are a size slice!
3	We went for pizza but ended up with more...beer battered mushrooms, salad and cheesy garlic sticks. The food was wonderful however food can only taste so good depending on the service, in my opinion.....and it lacked good service. The girl who took our order couldn't explain what beer battered mushrooms were and I myself wasn't sure although I believed it to be fried mushrooms. Which they were. We also got our pizza before our "starters" which makes no dang sense to me whatsoever. All in all, I'd go back for the food but wouldn't dine in. Another upside is the decor of the restaurant is unique and very different. Definitely not what you'd expect.
4	NY style pizza, need I say more. It was very good pizza, though my family's choice of topping wasn't the best I would like to go back and have my own topping.
5	Everything about this place exceeded our expectations. Great food, very clean, loved the decor and music and fed our family of 5 (two teens included) for $40.  A nice change from the meals we've had on the strip.
4	I tried Joe's during a  work lunch for the first time last week. We ordered many different varieties but i ended up trying the cheese and meat lovers. The pizzas had a great flavor and texture. The pizza slices were enormous. The pizza was perfectly thin and still had a great texture and the sauce was tangy and delicious. Everyone in our office was a fan and they packaged and traveled perfectly. The salads were tasty too. I'll definitely be back again.
5	WOW, WOW, WOW, I've never been to NY, but I love this pizza!  We ordered for work, wanted something different than the regular pizza places.  Wow the choices, and it was delish!  I had to go back after work to pick up a pizza for my husband.  Even he was impressed.  Love it, Visitors, not far from the strip, and they do deliver!  Check it out/!6/1/12 update I called my order in, they said it would be ready in 20 min.  Cool perfect timing.  So when I get there, I guess my pizza stuck to the pan, and they had to make me a new one.  They offered me a free soda, then brought me 1/2 of the pizza that they messed up (well the good part) The guy that was making the pizza was so sweet, I wish I would have gotten his name.  They really appreciate there customers #Ilovethisplace
4	I went with a group of pizza lovers to check this place out. I hail from the land of GREAT pizza, (NY and Philly) so I was pleasantly surprised with finding a good NY pizza place in the land of notoriously bad pizza, aka Las Vegas.I had the daily special which was around  $8 for 1 pepperoni and 1 cheese slice with a soft drink. The pizza was really good. It could have been hotter but since they were trying to serve 28 of us I think they hurried the process a bit. The end crust was way too thick for true NY pizza but not a big deal. There was plenty of seating and the place was really clean. Some other people in our group were noticing that Joe's did not serve beer which is strange for a Vegas eatery so not sure what happened there. (They booze you up everywhere else in this town).If you want a slice of NY pizza this is the best one I have found. So far anyway......
5	um yeah, besides the drunken hidden gem in the Cosmo, this is the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas.  They have like 10 pies already made, so you can whip in there, their ready in like 5 mins, eat and get on with your life.I had a slice and a salad A+
4	greasy greasy greasy greasy greasy but good!For vegas this is great because you srsly cannot get a slice in this city.
5	Great pizza. I had two different pizzas. One was the Manhattan. I can't recall what the other pizza was. I came here after shopping at the Las Vegas outlet. The employees were nice. The decor is interesting and fitting. The pasta servings is enough to feed at least two people. Might be much for one average person. Wait time for our food was a reasonable five minutes for the pizza since they just needed to reheat it. The pizza took about 15 minutes to make.
5	Finally a good NY pizza place in Vegas! We love the pizza here! Please open one in Henderson!!!!
5	This place has really, really fresh pizza. I didn't really know fresh til I came here. I got the combination and every ingredient tasted like it was fresh from the store. The dough was crunchy, the sauce was mild yet flavorful... It was perfect. I tried the other pizza, tomato and basil, and it was good as well. A little skimpy on toppings but still good. After getting the pizza we decided to try the chicken alfredo. It was mild yet very seasoned. When I say mild I mean it's not too heavy on cream and butter, even though I think there's no such thing as too much butter or cream! For a light pasta, I really enjoyed it. There was so much chicken in there that the dish was actually heavy. I wish I could find this good of a value in LA! I really like the decor. The tablecloth looks like newspaper and they have old school brands on the walls. There's nice pictures everywhere and even a Statue of Liberty! Very unique decor. The bad? The customer service could be better. I've never gotten amazing service in Vegas so I don't know if it's the area, but I'm used to a little more friendliness. The prices could also be a little better. I understand this is premium pizza, and it's good and fresh, but $4 is a little high for Vegas. I expect better prices since this place is a ways away from the strip. The whole pizza is a good buy compared to the slices. I would definitely come back when I'm in the area because finding good pizza in any city is a rare find
4	Pizza by the slice!  I took mine to go and the pizza is pretty delicious, but the lady who took my order wasn't exactly friendly.  Aren't all pizza staff supposed to be over friendly?  She wasn't.  She should be working at the DMV instead.Anyway, I ordered the Hawaiian and it was bomb!  The rest of their selection looked really good.  They had about 10 different kinds to choose from, and the slices are pretty big.  I'd love to order a fresh whole pizza sometime.  I love NY style pizza.
1	This pizza totally sucks. If you have no choice and want to eat pizza, you probably won't be satisfied when you leave. Super greasy and the crust is paper thin, but not crispy? You might as well grab a fork and dive in because you cant pick up this floppy slice of pie. I hate to write a negative review, but you deserve to know what you're walking into.
1	I've never felt compelled to write a review before, but alas.. here I am.  We ordered for delivery the chicken cordon bleu pizza.  We did this specifically because the thought of bleu cheese on a pizza sounded intriguing.   I could not find any blue cheese.  Anywhere.  To top it off, they made it without any sauce.  Unimpressed, to say the least.
2	I wanted to like this place as I heard pretty good things about this location.  Having been my first time here last month, I was excited to take my son here as his favorite food is PIZZA.One of the good things here is they do sell pizza by the slice.  They have an assortment of pizza made and will heat up your choice in their oven OR you can have them make a pie to order.  My mom had a slice of the hawaiian, I had a slice of the mushroom and pepperoni, while my son had the pepperoni slice and garlic knots.  As we sat down and waited for our order, the couple next to us took their slice back as we over heard that there was a strand of hair on one of their slices. Can I just say YUCK! and what a way to spoil an appetite.  I debated whether my family and I should request for our money back or just wait and eat our food.  When I saw that their slice came from a different pie, we just decided to stay since we were really hungry.The slices are generous; however my mom's Hawaiian was soggy!  She couldn't even pick it up to eat it.  She had to use a fork.  When I told the lady at the counter about it, she merely stated that it was due to the slice actually coming from a Pie that had just been taken out of the oven...ummm ok but I do recall having pizza to order and it not being soggy and thought to myself, ok if thats her story and she's sticking to it...so be it...LOL!  My slice was just ok and my son...well he oved his garlic knots and just took one bite of his pizza.I will end this with, I've had better and will most likely not be returning to this place.  I'll stick to Grimaldis or Metro pizza.  I would put this place in the same category as the pizza places inside a mall's foodcourt.  Nothing fresh and/or special about it.
3	Was driving by on my lunch break and was looking for a bite, I saw the sign and decided it was cheat day and what a great way to cheat but by doing a Pizza.  It's been months and the Za gods were calling me!  I walked in to an almost full shop, love the decor and seemed very clean.  I walked to the ordering area and started to read the signs on what to order.  Tons of choices not just pizza a few salads to choose from, pasta, calzones, appetizers as well as many choices for pizza.  None of the prices were written down on the chalk board so as a newbie it made my ordering difficult.  Finally on the side wall I notice 4 lunch specials and all you can eat all with prices written down.  This was a cheat day but after noticing the size of the slices I decided to just wing it and order just one slice.  So I worked my way to the front and asked what a couple of the Zas were.  I don't know if I was taking to long but the girl wasn't friendly and seemed annoyed by my questions. I choose the lasagna pizza, a light thin NY style pizza with a nice amount of zesty sauce pepperoni, sausage, mozzarella cheese and either a ricotta or cottage cheese on top.  The dough had a great flavor I even ate the crust and the whole thing was REALLY good!  When you just order lunch or by the slice it is pre made then run through one of the ovens I believe the oven was a wood fire not sure but it had a nice smokey flavor to it but I didn't want to bother the girl and ask.  I would definitely make it a do over, I took a star away for not having any prices written down makes it hard to decide what you want when you feel you may be holding the line up, and for the slight attitude from the worker.  I would certainly come back for the great Za though.
5	Don't disrespect your taste buds by eating at a chain subpar pizza place again.They deliver, great quality, reasonable prices.  Unexpectedly Delicious, serioulsy.
1	I recently ordered delivery from Joe's.  I have never eaten there before but the reviews seemed good however, I was extremely disappointed.I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, absolutely terrible.  I had been craving them and literally couldn't even force myself to eat more than three bites.  The sauce was watery and bland and the poor little meatballs looked burnt on top of the fact that they were tasteless, had a weird processed texture and for some bizarre reason were cut in half.  Gross.The garlic knots were soaked in grease .  I'm not talking about yummy garlic buttereyness but more if you melted half a stick of margerine and topped it off with a generous dose of vegetable oil.The delivery service itself was good and their online ordering system was easy to follow however, the quality of the food was so poor I will definitely never order from them again.
3	I don't think I'd know "good pizza" even if it was force shoved down my throat.(Open invitation to anyone who wants to buy me "good pizza" to teach me the difference haha)Anyway...I think 99% of pizza is good. It really is hard to mess up.I think the only bad pizza I've had has been the school lunch pizzas they would give me when I was little. The cheese was oddly white and a quarter of an inch thick, uninspired over added tomato paste, and white as a ghost crust. Then there's the pizza where when the cheese goes cold it turns to really gross plastic. For the most part, I figure it's good pizza when it's almost as good cold as it is when it's hot. Ok...so enough about other stuff.I think we got a white sauce ricotta spinach pizza.I'm a meat lover but I was going to share this pizza and I know not everyone shares my love for meat (wink wink). I guess I've always been curious about non meat pizzas but always figured I wanted to get my moneys worth and go for the meat.Pizza was really yummy...It was good pizza....i think....I wanted to get everything on the menu...it all sounded super awesome and so many varieties!I think the only problem was that we weren't greeted or acknowledged...but that's the story of my life so maybe I shouldn't hold it against them. It's off the main strip on a pretty calm side of a mall lot and was like a mile from our hotel.Fun times.
2	Before I start the review doesn't this pic of my calzone have some resemblance of Stewie? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joes-new-york-pizza-las-vegas-2?select=KX0vC9q5aXqaMoZ1Orqaag#4hKGM_5fPxYbyMR384Q2Uw I was feeling like a calzone one day and wanted to try a place different from my usuals. A coworker always had Joe's New York Pizza and it looked good since I had never been I figured why not.  Checked out their menu online and placed the order for one of their 3 Item Monster Calzones.  The calzone was pretty huge for the price so I was very happy at first.  It was load with ricotta, mozzarella, marinara, and a ton of pepperoni, no exaggeration.  Only thing I didn't like about it was the dough was undercooked.  I was literally eating uncooked dough that had a little toast to it.  It's a good thing work had a little toaster oven I throw it in and went back to work, the room smelt so good.  I don't know if they usually under cook their calzones or if it was because I customized my calzone and didn't know how adjust for that, I don't know.  In the future I'd asked them to leave it in the oven longer.I have to give them solid OK considering I could've gave them a MEH for undercooked calzone dough but I heard they have AYCE pizza during lunch or before dinner, don't know the details but that's cool.  And from what pizzas I've seen looks pretty good.  They have a good selection of items on their menu. I like the interior and that you can order online.
4	Pizza was HUGE, but very good. The garden salad was awesome too.
3	Okay pizza. Not great. Usually, when we're in this area, we frequent Five Guys but, last time I ordered a burger there, with mushrooms, it was a soggy mess. So, we tried Joe's next door. It was just decent. There are far better places to get a slice of pizza in town; Rocco's, Secret Pizza at Cosmo are just two. The guy who takes your order allowed the 4 person party behind us to order before us (we were only 2) and they took forever to order. Switching between specials and asking a million questions...it's pizza people. By the slice. Why so much confusion? We also ordered beer battered mushrooms that were ok. I won't be rushing back.
1	Used to get their pizza quite often. It tasted pretty good. The last time we ordered it for pick up and saw pizza boxes stored on the floor. Never went  back! That's just wrong!
3	It had been some time since I'd been to Joe's, and it was due to convenience.  Seeing as my job is now in the area, well, I get to visit this tasty pizza joint during lunch.  Having said that, I've been here for lunch and they have a pretty quick turnaround on orders. I order the lunch special which is two slices of pre-baked pizza with a small beverage (note the pre-baked pizza is baked that same day and reheated in the oven when the order is made) plus a side salad and it comes to about $8.50.  Considering how large these slices are and the fact that the soda fountain is available for free refills, this is pretty budget friendly.  I also thoroughly appreciate that there's garlic powder on the tables to add to your pizza, salads, or whatever else you may order.  All in all, an A-Ok place.
5	This is one of my favorite pizza places. We go here every Friday for lunch. I'm a big fan of the meat pie or the hawaiian special. Definitely something to check out.
2	I was pretty excited to try this place out seeing that it won an award. However, I was extremely disappointed in the overall quality of the pizza. The cheese didn't seem fully melted, there was almost too much cheese, and the crust was similar to cardboard. This was definitely not an award winning pizza. I am very disappointed and will not return.
4	My wife and I had their lunch special yesterday (2 pepperoni slices and a soda). The pizza was fresh, slice was cut large, and the service was very good. We'll gladly eat there again.
1	Things have changed recently.  I used to come here in the past for some good New York style folding.  But the last time I went this summer (2013) the service was beyond disappointing.TL;DR they don't dress like an employees of a restaurant and they ignore you.First off:  The owner was sitting next to me as the following happened.  I arrive for a quick slice of cheese pizza for lunch.  You can buy pizza by the slice and they heat it up (like s'barros) but better.  Only two people in line and I order the cheese slice and the kid tells me he'll bring it out to me and sit down.   30 minutes later I go to the register to talk to the kid and he walks away from me and pretends to do something else behind the counter!  I sit back down and wait for him to come back to the counter.  He later comes back to answer the phone so I go up and stand in front of him while he is on the phone so I can catch him after he gets off.  I wait and he stalls the phone conversation.  I don't understand why he's avoiding me b/c I haven't said anything at all to him.  I was nice when I ordered too.  So someone who looked like a manager but was dressed like a cheap prostitute with her mammary glands hanging out asked me what I wanted.  I told her I waited +30 minutes for a slice of reheated cheese pizza and I would like my money back.  She looked back and saw a whole cheese pizza and asked if I wanted a slice from that and I told her I felt I didn't feel they want my business.
5	My daughter loves this place. We got the meat pie. Sooo good, loaded with meat and so tasty. Love the humongousaurus size. I think it weighs 20 lbs.
2	Before I start off saying something negative let me say something positive. I did have an amazing chicken Caesar salad. Other than that my experience was less than adequate and the meatball sandwich my mother ordered was the most horrible sandwich I have ever tasted. I'm Italian, so I really think that I can give a great review on Italian restaurant. You normally add breadcrumbs to meatballs as a binder however the meatball sub here should've been called a bread ball sub. Tasted as if this restaurant was so cheap they added no meat to the meatballs. The bread which is to soak up the sauce and hold together completely fell apart making my mother use a fork to eat her sandwich. The sauce was decent in the cheese was good but for the price absolutely terrible. Now on a positive note I'm sure they have amazing pizza. It looked good and it smell good and the patrons seems to be happy, However I can only go by my experience. A meatless,dry, under seasoned, broken sandwich doesn't make for a happy hungry Italian mother. I won't be returning.
3	If you are planning on having food delivered from Joes think again. Called this place 3 different times with the same result every time, being put on hold for over ten minutes. Pizza is great here its just a shame you cant get it delivered to your home if you want take out. Stills gets a favorable rank due to the quality of pizza.
1	I have ordered from here on several occasions, but the quality and service has gotten really bad.Well... today would be the very last time since it has not improved.I placed my usual order of Greek Salad and had them add Grilled Chicken, Artichokes and Mozzerella.I received the order quickly but as usual it was missing something. It happens every time though but I figured I's give them the benefit of the doubt and try again.This time it was missing the Feta cheese which is standard on a Greek salad always. It even says this in the description on their menu of course.Here is the actual listing from their menu: Greek Salad Greek Salad is served with Croutons, Cucumber, Feta Cheese, Field Greens, Green Peppers, Kalamata Olives, Pepperoncini, Red Onions, Tomatoes. Oh I forgot to mention that I added Artichokes and received 3 pieces, reallyyyyyy?They did give a generous amount of chicken and the mozzerella was also good, but come on with the Artichokes. (just a taste) Oh and while I was eating the salad I noticed several rotten leaves of lettuce in the field greens in my salad, That also was a big stomach turner. So I am done!So, I called back as I always do and explained that it was missing the Feta cheese only. The guy that I told this too puts me on hold and someone else gets on the phone and asks me what I would like? He said would you like me to bring you a lot of Feta Cheese or make you another salad. So he said I'm busy right now so what would you like and proceeds to rush me. They screwed up my order but now I have to pay the price? How does that work?Anyway, after screwing it up last time I remember the girl telling me that this time would be free. Of course they forgot that part and I was charged again.
3	The calzones are really freaking good! At just under $10, they are massive and overstuffed with your filling of choice. Would give this place 4 stars for the calzones alone however when it comes to the pizza, sandwiches and salads, it's a bit lacking compared to other "authentic" pizzerias around the valley.
5	Amazing pizza and customer service! This is what a New York style pizza restaurant should be!
3	Still on the hunt for good pizza here in Vegas.  And I'm still looking......The pizza was good but not great.  It was fast and efficient delivery which is nice.  But the pizza wasn't balanced with an overabundance of cheese which fell off the pizza when we tried to take a slice.  We did like the sauce but the crust was too thick and a little doughy.  And lets not forget, the best test for good pizza is if its good for breakfast the next morning and this one wasn't.  It was good when fresh and quite filling.  Three stars as the staff was friendly and efficient, the location is great right outside the outlets, and the pizza fresh was average.  We would go back if in the area or possibly for delivery but there a ton of other pizza places to try!
2	We ordered a pizza here and I wasn't too impressed.  The crust was soggy and floppy.  The cheese fell off of the pizza which made it hard to eat.  But, don't get me wrong, I still ate the pizza and it tasted okay cold the next morning.  But, I couldn't see myself ordering another pie from here again, as there are many pizza joints that I feel are much better.
3	Not bad for NY style slices. The buff chicken wasn't what I expected, the buff sauce was a little overpowering. Maybe stick to a more traditional slice, I also got the spinach and feta which was much more to my liking. It actually tasted like pizza. My coworker ordered a meat pie slice and when we got back to the office it turned out to be spaghetti pizza... He says it's just "alright" but was expecting his usual pound of meat.  Either they got it wrong or changed the menu we're not sure. My other co-worker ordered the Chicken pesto panini which they made on the spot and described it as "effin awesome."  Overall the novelties like the fried mushrooms are always a hit just expect to pay a little more by the slice.
3	Food was just decent. I ordered the gigantic, which should just be called a large, and cost just shy of 25 bucks. I just got back from San Diego and the gigantic was a 54 in Sicilian for the same price. I'm born and raised manhattan this pizza is blasphemy to the NYC tradition. Qualifications:I eat a ton of pizza.
4	This is a great place for a quick great piece of pizza or a bowl of pasta. I also like their salads, and my husband likes the meatball panini. I like how the pizzas are always fresh and there is a good selection. The pepperoni pizza with the goat cheese is my favorite!The staff is friendly and quick. I especially like to mention that the restaurant is clean, and all the tables were clean and ready to sit down and eat. I have seen many smaller pizza places or other smaller restaurants where the floors are dirty etc. It's always clean here at Joe's. Big compliment to the staff!
5	WOW! Super impressed! Let me start off with saying how incredible the female cashier was! Super sweet and awesome. Met up w/ my parents last night here for some pizza around 8:55. They were already sitting there for about 5 minutes when I got there. They had ordered a spinach/ricotta/mushroom pizza, wings, and an antipasti salad. The woman had brought over our food around 9:05 ish. We started eating, but as we saw someone bang on the door because it was locked, we then asked the girl if they were closed (not reading the sign) and she said yes, we close at 9 but take your time. Ten minutes later, she even asked us if them cleaning was bugging US! I guess this kind of service is rare to come by in Vegas, so when I find a joint where they make you feel comfortable and homey, I get super ecstatic!Now the food! Probably some of the best pizza I've had in a really long time!!! Super doughy and soft! Everything tasted so fresh. As for the wings, my parents had ordered them extra crispy, and extra crispy they made them... I don't particularly care for crispy wings, so they weren't my fav. If you're looking for a quick pizza joint, with great service, definitely should check this place out!
5	By far my favorite pizza place!  It is on my to-do list every time I come to Vegas and it never disappoints!Not only is the pizza absolutely amazing the staff is also always very friendly.Highly recommended!
1	Waited 2 hourd for one large pizza and some garlic knots! first time ever ordering and will be last! i have two kids that wasnt happy that night lol. Knots were hard from sitting for two hours i had to call again to make sure they was bringing it and the lost my order then found it. Why didnt they make me new knots atleast! geesh. Usually dont write reviews but this made me past mad.!
2	Pizza is great if you eat in the restaurant. Their delivery could be the worst in town. Always over an hr and most times 90 minutes. By the time the food arrives it's horrible.
4	Pizza take out tonight. Had a BOGO from the Entertainment Book to use.  Got the garden salad with creamy Italian, a small super meaty pizza, and a small lasagna pizza.  Everything tasted good and pick up was very convenient.
1	I just downloaded Yelp and signed up specifically to share my latest experience with Joe's NY Pizza.  I enjoy their pizza and have been in the restaurant and have also had delivery service several times.  Today I placed an order at 12:30pm.  The expectation that was set with me was a delivery time of 45mins to 1hr.  After a little over an hour passed I called to check the status.  The employee who answered the phone immediately gave it to someone else who let me know the driver was going to be at the store in 5 minutes to pick up my order and that he should be at my house in 10-15mins.  After waiting 30 more minutes I called for another status.  Supposedly someone did not take my phone number or address correctly and the driver was trying to find my condo which they've been to at least 10 times for me before.  I don't understand why they didn't just look at the phone number that called to get all the customer information they have in their system. I asked if they were going to deliver me cold food now or what?!  The guy on the phone said they'd make me a new order and get it to me in 30mins.  I asked if I was going to get a discount because of the negative customer experience that Joe's NY Pizza is giving me and also because I've now been waiting for over 2hrs for my food.  The guy on the phone said he'd give me a "locals discount" of THREE DOLLARS!  THREE DOLLARS ON A FORTY DOLLAR ORDER!  NOT COOL.  I've lived down the street of this place for over a year, ordered from this place several times, and now all of a sudden I'm getting a "locals" discount of $3 to make up for a shitty experience....c'mon man.A major level of incompetence began as soon as I placed the order and for the management of Joe's NY Pizza to make me feel like this was my fault is simply rude.  After he said I'd get the "locals" discount of $3 (lolololol) I mentioned this was obviously not a good experience and that I was going to post a Yelp review.  He didn't care at all and said that my food would be delivered in 30 minutes. Too bad they treat "local" repeat customers in a such a negative manner.  No apologies, no discount, and no accountability.  Really not cool at all and am very disappointed.
4	This place is really great if you're just looking for a delicious pizza you can order by the slice. I'm more of a pepperoni kind of person, but they do have a wide variety of toppings. According to the restaurant (it's posted everywhere), they were runners up for the best of Las Vegas for "best non traditional pizza". This place obviously has some street cred with the Las Vegas crowd. The location is a little out of the way for me, but it is in the center of town right off the strip so I guess there's not much to complain about! I definitely will be coming back to this place more often.
2	This was such 50/50 place. Out of three different specialty pizzas we ordered, one was really good, one was okay and the other was really bad. Salad was good, but nothing special. Ranch dressing was really good, bleu cheese dressing was really bad. Chicken tenders were burnt, like to the point that when I opened the container, it smelled like a kitchen was on fire. They were so black, I could not believe that they actually delivered those to us. The buffalo sauce was good, but useless since our chicken was not eatible. The baked potato fries were a good concept and had a good flavor, but the fries were soggy, but maybe that was just because they were delivered. Okay, maybe it was less than a 50/50 ratio here, since we did spend over $100 for so much dissapointment.
5	Really amazing pizza incredible service I come here for my lunch break for work as often as I can.
5	Wow pizza was good didn't expect this in Sin city....pesto and lasagna pizza was great.. P.s the service is even better than the food Great people and great food what else can you ask for after vegas took all your money...
5	by far my FAVORITE pizza place in Vegas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we have been coming here for years and I am never disappointed that I came !!! the best pizza ever , I love the lasagne pizza and then just the pepp and sausage , they also make the best ranch dressing I have ever had , you can just drink the stuff , they also have great wings and the greek salad is amazing . I also just tried the mac and cheese bites and loved them . The service here is fabulous and they treat you like family when you visit the restaurant , def one to add to your list !!!!!
5	I love to go just for cheese pizza.Some of the best I've had.Good stuff...
4	This is a good pizza. Went with two slices of cheese and honestly one was all I needed. These are huge slices. Big enough to fold.
3	It was decent. Nothing special to me.
4	I do love there pizza! Everyone makes mistakes atleast they do make it right with a timley fashion!
5	I got a coupon from the zip code magazine!! So I ordered wings a drink and a small cheese for $17! Pizza was super cheesy!! Wings were a bit spicy even though I ordered mild! And the soda machine is awesome! Lol! Place looked clean and nice! Bathrooms are nice and clean!! Pizzas are a bit pricey so I won't be back unless I have a coupon!!!
4	Love the specials, love the pizza
5	I was with a large group of people and their service was awesome!! It was slow to start, but that's not their fault considering I think we had like 10-13 people with us but once they started to get things going, it just kept coming. So onto the food!The spanish chorizo pizza had bits of chorizo on it and to me wasn't that special, but I'm also not a big fan of chorizo, but it was still good.The stromboli no matter what you get is delicious, it's filled with the right amount of cheese, veggies, and meat with the right amount of dough that it was delicious and tough to put down to make room for other foods!We got hungarian bread, which I believe is just fried dough with a light sour cream sauce that had garlic and some other seasonings that I couldn't make out, but the combination was phenomenal! I don't think I can have bread again without that sour cream sauce. It was super light so even if you don't like sour cream or think it's going to be overpowering, it wasn't. Escargot pizza - well....it is what it is, snails on a pizza and I was VERY skeptical about trying it but I'm glad I did, it wasn't bad at all. My FIRST experience with escargot and I probably wouldn't order it on my own, but it is definitely something you must try at least once! We also had pepperoni which was good, but it's pepperoni nothing special with that.And dessert was homemade zeppolis with cinammon sugar AND powdered sugar, you have to get both on them! Not one or the other, but both! They are delicious, just be careful when you get them, since they come out HOT!
5	This place serves the best piece of pizza I've ever had. Great service and great prices.
4	First off, the service is pretty good. The guys were very nice and helpful. I ordered some Garlic Knots, which were very tasty. However, I came inside to check in on the knots and saw the gentalmen that was doing the finishing touches on them using his bare hands to put the parmesan on the top. Now I am kind of picky about stuff like that, so that's why one star was taken away. Other than that, their pizza was pretty amazing, the dough was a little thin, but overall great quality.
5	Our soccer team traveled from Phx for a tournament and  we all ate at Joes Pizza  for our team dinner.  Kriszti and her staff were absolutely amazing!  The food and service was great! The portions were generous .  I highly recommend this place  to anyone.  Thank you for treating our team so well-  we appreciated everything  you and your staff did for us!  We highly recommend Joes to anyone!
5	They were amazing! We were there, from Phoenix, this past weekend for a soccer tournament, and this is where the team took the kids. The food was great and the service was good. I would recommend this place if you're in town.
5	Good pizza joints are hard to find in Vegas.  This place hit the spot.  My family ordered pasta with meatballs, a salad, the chicken parm calazone, and a cheese pizza.  The prices were fair.  The service was the bomb.  And the atmosphere was fun - perfect for a young family.
4	Had a pizza craving tonight but was too lazy to get in my car since my favorite pizza joint does not deliver.  So -- I went online and ordered from Joe's NY Pizza.  I wasn't sure if they would deliver since we are 7 miles away from the nearest location BUT I was excited when the order went through!  We ordered the Gourmet Pepperoni - award winning! and the Manhattan Loaded!  Both were extremely tasty!
5	New York style pizza by the slice, with several options ready to be thrown into the oven. What else could you ask for...Wtih the addition of  a friendly staff, comfortable environment and great location - two thumbs up.
5	We go to Joe's at least 2 times a week. Pizza by the slice is great, everyone has a different option, this is perfect if you eat with a group. I enjoy the pizza and the staff here, if you go at lunch time during the week you may run in to me.
5	Wow this pizza is really good!!! It seems to get better and better with every new pizza I try. The employees are always really nice and if i could i would eat here everyday. Keep doing what your doing causes its workin!!!
1	The pizza is decent, but the service was absolute crap: Co-worker and I came here for lunch. He got a 2 slice combo to go and I got the exact 2 slice combo to go. In 2 min, my buddy's pizza was hot and ready in a box. Another 10 min go by, 2 other customers had ordered and I'm still waiting for my pizza. The guy at the counter pulls slices of pizza from the oven but walks past me and gives it to the 2 people who ordered after I did. I asked the guy, "Where's my slices?". He said, "Did you order a combo too? I'll have those slices in 30 sec." Another 5 min go by and I see him about to walk to another customer when he makes eye contact w me, his eyes get big, runs to the oven to see my burnt black pizza. Him and his supervisor put another 2 slices in there, which they didn't tell me they did but I saw them. In another min they finally give me my pizza w only a "Here's your pizza!" There's no, "Sorry for the wait.", "Sorry we burnt your pizza." Or "Here's a free slice or coupon." Just a "Here's your pizza!"I'm a service guy, if your food is awesome (which it wasn't), you still have to have decent service. I wish I wouldn't have gave that $1 tip on that receipt. Never coming back here again. BS
2	I found myself singing the tune of "That don't impress me much" in my mind during my food session.I tried the lasagna pizza at their suggestion as this was my first time and they had quite a few ready made pizzas available by the slice.The toppings were great, the concept of lasagna style topped pizza is a great concept!However where they fail miserably is the crust. The pizza crust is thin, limp, flavorless and soggy which does not support the toppings. I don't want anything that is limp in my mouth, especially when it comes to pizza! The crust was just bad, bad and more bad. No happy ending here :(Hit it and quit it, I am done!
3	Good pizza, great atmosphere, bad prices. They're a bit greedy with the price and they're small for $16.95 has tiny slices.
5	I am from New York where pizza is king.  Joe's pizza is the closest to NY style pizza west of the Mississippi.   Crust and cheese is excellent.   Staff us as long friendly,  attentive and fin.  They have TVs so you can watch football too.  Worth the drive off the strip.
