1	We were told when we made our reservations that they probably wouldn't be necessary which proved to true.  There was a free concert by Genevieve on the green that evening so the terrace was full, but the dining room was empty with the exception of one other table.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, but I doubt if the overhead expenses are covered except on weekends.  The waitress asked if we wanted guacamole with our chips and we responded affirmatively.  The guacamole was very good and we were amazed that it was complimentary since other restaurants charge $6-10 per order.   The restaurant serves both traditional Tex-Mex dishes and "fresh" seafood entrees.  We each chose the "fresh" halibut in spinach cream sauce which was accompanied by chipotle mashed potatoes, green beans and carrots.  The halibut was overcooked and I was surprised, but shouldn't have been, to find a $6 charge for the guacamole included on our bill.
4	I am so glad we tried this place this weekend. Several of my friends reccommended Sonrisa, so we finally checked it out! The menu takes a progressive twist on Mexican food. The best way to describe it would be San Diego Mexican. There are many seafood dishes listed in addition to the more traditional fare like enchiladas, quesadillas, chimichangas, etc. They also have stuff that is vegetarian and vegan friendly.  We started with the guacamole and spinach queso (labeled as cheese sauce on the menu). Both apps were great. We ordered the tortilla soup for our next course, followed by the combo dish that allows you to try a little bit of everything. We selected the chile relleno, beef enchilada, and tamale. Everything was great, but the beef enchilada was fantastic. Sonrisa seasoned the enchilada with a variation of a mole sauce. I was pleasantly surprised by my first bite of the enchilada...and kept going until there was nothing left! Yum!I should not neglect all the other fun things they had going on while we were there. We went on a Friday night and they had a full-on karoake jam session going on, they call it Jamioke. You can get up and sing, but  they also have some great singers in the band. I was intrigued to see a drum set that different customers started banging on, as well. Why not, right?Last but not least, their tasty libations made the night complete. The beverage list was great. I partook of the house margarita(s) (on the rocks). If you look on the website they host a special each night ranging from sangria Sunday to margarita Mondays. The service was fantastic and friendly. I will definitely make sure to hit this place up again!
2	This is a two-part review.Part 1 - we were staying at the Loews down the street and the only thing close was the village.  We decided to give it a go.  The place was dead, like Stepford dead, but we decided Mexican was a great idea.  I was a big fan.  The place was nearly empty, but our server was really cool, the food was solid and they had an awesome brown ale.  Yum.Part 2 - cut to a few days later...a Saturday night.  Nice day and I was still craving that delicious brown ale so we ventured to the patio at Sonrisa.  It was packed.  Strike one was my beer arriving 2/3 full.  When our food finally arrived, after a LONG wait, I noticed that my burrito had a brown mark on it, I thought it was toasted cheese.  I later came to realize that they must have nuked my meal before it came out because they actually managed to char the sauce on my burrito (still don't know how you do that), my rice was served extra crispy and the beans had that overcooked film on top.  Not good.  That deserves two strikes.So anyway, if you're stuck at the Loews, you should rent a car and get out of the resort.  If you can't, go on a weekday when the kitchen has less than 10 people to serve.
1	Service sucks!!!!
3	Sonrisa Grill for many of the locals here in Lake Las Vegas, such as myself, has become a second home.The staff is great at making you feel like family or there most important customer.  I have met a lot of my neighbors here, as well as a few perspective ones.If you like Tequila, this is the place to be, with the largest selection I have seen in the US outside of Southern California.But wait, what about the food?  Sonrisa Grill has an eclectic mix of Mexican/Latin American Cuisine including steak and seafood, with there shrimp and fajita dishes be the most popular. But come hungry because you have to start with one of there amazing appetizers like avocado rolls or calamari. There salsa, which is made fresh everyday, is one of the best I have had and I lived in So. California for 38 years. I get an order of cheese dip with the salsa. This goes great with Dos Equis Amber.In the Spring and Summer I would recommend reservation because this place is always full in the evenings with the patio tables being in high demand with there view of the Lake and entertainment. I sit at the bar and observe the shocked faces of people coming in and are told the wait is 45 mins. It is common for people to think they can get a table easy because they see the rest of The Village being slow. It is quite entertaining to see a stuck up South Shore resident get told they will have to wait.Friday and Saturday they usually have entertainment.  It is usually a Karaoke band or a Jazz duet.They have a lot of private parties there as well with special menu items and I always here people raving about the food. You can buy out the restaurant for the evening if you have a big party such as a wedding rehearsal dinner or special event . This happens quite a bit with Sonrisa Grill being next to the Ritz Carlton and from what I have heard the prices are very reasonable for this.
3	Last night Eric R. and I visited friends who live in the Lake Las Vegas area.  We walked through the empty bridge that used to belong to the defunct Ritz.  Our friends asked if we liked Mexican, to which I replied, "It's Eric's favorite!"We sat at a large booth, and the staff was very friendly, bringing 2 baskets of chips and 2 salsas for the four of us.  We all had a cold beer, and I definitely appreciate a place that has Dos Equis on tap (lager AND amber)!I opted for the ceviche tostada appetizer as my meal, and was not disappointed - piled high with citrus spiked shrimp and fish, slices of avocado, quite a bit of heat from diced jalepeno, tomatoes, and a small side salad of mango and carrot.  It was the healthiest possible option at a Mex restaraunt.Eric R. ordered beef fajitas for himself and enjoyed the big plates of food.  Our friends shared off the menu beef nachos and had enough for 2 more people to eat them probably.  Overall, good service and food, wouldn't rush back to Lake Las Vegas to eat here, but it is a solid choice if you find yourself out there.
5	Ok seriously LLV, wth are you smoking... this place is mexcellent.Victor was over the top hospitable.  He let us sample one of the soups that they'll be rolling out on their upcoming lunch soup menu.  It was a delicious Mexican spin on traditional chicken soup.  A citrus note along with the standard cilantro made the soup wonderfully refreshing while still maintaining a nice hearty feel with large chicken pieces that, get this, were incredibly tender - not the dried out, tough, flavorless bites usually found in chicken soup.  The vegetables in the soup also had a nice crispness and weren't all mushy.The margaritas are dangerously delicious.  So smooth, yet so potent!  You can just barely tell that they have a heavy hand with the tequila because the citrus mixture they create is so perfect - just enough tang and tart without the sickening sweetness.  The pitchers are enormous, but it's scary how quickly you can drain one!The queso dip is absolutely phenomenal.  I love the small amount of cooked spinach in it that makes me feel like I can write it off as "healthy" - ha!  The guacamole is good and very fresh, but not really a star.  The two standout entrees at our table were by far the Pescado A la Veracruzana (with Halibut) and the Camaraones al Mojo de Ajo.  The sauce on both dishes was good enough to warrant licking the plate.
3	After visiting the skating rink at Lake Las Vegas on a sunny Saturday the gals and I were craving margaritas.  So, we figured a joint with the name "Sonrisa Grill" would fit the bill.  They definitely came through there!  We split a pitcher of margaritas flavored with blood oranges, and it was yummy.  We also tried out the guacamole (standard and tasty), and the ceviche (good, middle of the road as well).  We were all creeped out by the neon red and green chips that came in the basket, we could definitely do without that, but it fits the bill for a quick stop for the standards.
4	My husband and I enjoyed dinner at Sonrisa Grill. We stayed at the Ravella midweek in June and many of the restaurants in the Village were closed. I read the negative reviews on service on Yelp, but we decided to take a chance. The service was good and the food was delicious. Being from San Diego, we have our share of excellent Mexican Restaurants but Sonrisa offered some new and different flavors and menu choices. The tortilla soup was rich and smokey - unlike any I've had before. You must try the ribs! The ribs were so delicious - dressed in a thick, smokey sauce with a bit of a kick, and served with the a mango salsa. I'd never thought to pair mango and ribs together but it was so delicious. I tried to get the rib recipe from the waitress, but she wouldn't reveal the "secret spices". The margaritas were tasty too. Not too sweet and served in a larger glass than usual. Would definitely return on our next visit.
5	Great food! Great service! Try the chimichangas! Salsa is great!!
2	Slow service, even with few patrons. The food was alright. Atmosphere was nice, except for all of the 4th of July shoved underneath credenzas ( a week after the celebration) HINT: If you do not have the space to store it....try a table cloth. This is my second time here. It has not really improved. I usually like to try things at least 3 times, before I officially make a decision, so I MIGHT take another shot at this place, but....I have to be honest, unless this place really knocks my socks off....and I am talking a virtual party in my mouth, I just cannot recommend this place. There are far more deserving eateries within the Lake Las Vegas community that really know how to treat their customers.
1	Wow! Terrible... First, it's really hot in here... I'm not the only customer in here whipping the sweat of his face... Next, long island ice tea and margarita taste the same... Both have this really weird dish water after taste.. GF is now refusing to drink hers.. That's a first..  Just got the food .. Microwave style and not as good as Taco bell.  Ok dinner is done, one margarita not touched, one long island ice tea 3/4 consumed. Food left on plate 50% --- waiter has now disappeared for the last 15 mins.. There are now a lot of confused people trying to figure out if everyone who works here left for the night..  Waiter took off the $12 for the margarita but not the Long Island ice tea. I was really too hot to fight about it. Sonrisa Grill is  probably on top 3 worst Mexican places I have EVER eaten at!! Stay away!
1	We went to Sonrisa with another couple and their daughter and were looking forward to some good Mexican food.  First, the service was horrible.  We ran out of chips and water and were refilled only once.  The food was not great either, no where near the quality I anticipated.  The salsa tasted like tomato paste and my daughter's french fries were cold (she's 3).  I had a taco and chili relleno.  The taco tasted fine, but the chili was very eggy and had an extraordinarily small chili hidden somewhere within.  The rice and beans were decent.The atmosphere was great on the patio thanks to a jazz band (nearby) and fireworks which were rescheduled from the 4th of July.  Finally, they have a policy that states for a party of 6 or more there would be an 18% tip automatically applied to the check. It was insult to injury since we had bad service, poor food, and 2 of the people in our party were 3 year olds.  And neither of the toddlers left even left a mess!I won't return.
2	This place is TERRIBLE. We waited for 90 minutes for our food to come out. The service was bad and our drinks ran dry several times while we suffered through our interminable wait for our food. Granted, the food was good - but definitely not worth the crappy service or the unreasonable wait, especially considering we were one of only three groups in the entire restaurant. Would not come here again.
2	Service was ok. Food was nothing special with prices in the stratosphere. They'll charge you $3 to split a plate.
1	Waited 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged that we were waiting to be seated.  Finally got a seat outside - which is beautiful.  Fun festive lights - great view.  We were a party of 6 - and the hostess said I only have 3 menus - ill bring you more later - she never came back.  We asked a bus person for extra menus - he came back 10 minutes later.  We got quick service for our drink order - but got serverd in styrafome cups...really?? I looked around and there were some  tables with glasss - and some with styrafome like us.  Took a looooong time to get our food - 45 minutes.  After the food arrived -  the hostess comes back with extra menus - ?? Couldnt she see we had food at our table??  I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs. We had a mexican salad - which was horrible - just shredded lettuce - with nothing mexican about it.  Got our bill - and they had the nerve to actualy charge an automatic 18% gratuity because we were a party of 6.  Never again!!!
4	Had excellent enchiladas here and the blackened ahi salad was crisp and cool and fresh. Sat on the patio and enjoyed the live music.  Had no problem with service or length of wait as some others have. Our server was attentive and the ambience was lovely. The kids meals are $7 with the bean and cheese burrito being their favorite. Will come back if I'm ever in Lake Las Vegas again.
3	My review is based upon two dining experiences with the bartender.The first time I ordered the Halibut Tacos and they were very tasty.  I enjoyed them and wasn't keen about the Margie I had with it, but it was functional.The second time I took carry out of the same exact food order and enjoyed it as well.Not many options in the vicinity so I was happy with it, without having to get back in my car and leave the property.some guy was playing guitar and singing one night, he was good...
5	I love this restaurant, staff are friendly and service is great. I get the enchiladas and chips and salsa. Love it!!!!!
1	We dined last night. When we entered we asked the hostess for a table on the patio by a heat lamp. She said that would be no problem. We get out to the patio and all the heat lamps are bundled together and off. I see her tinker with one and then walk away. A few minutes later our server approached our table and took our drink orders. We mentioned the heat lamps and he said the owner was probably fixing them for us. (We had two kids with us who were freezing). Just as our drinks arrived another table was sat. The hostess/owner came back out to the patio and started to fix the heat lamps by the NEW table. We ordered our food and said if we could not get a heat lamp we would like to move inside. For the next 15 minutes the owner set up and got working two heat lamps for the new table. Once our food arrived she came over and started on ours. I felt like a second rate citizen. We mentioned that it was cold and she said it was because we were drinking margarita's. I said the kids were not drinking margaritas and their hands were freezing she said they should have gotten up and warmed them by the fire pit. With this kind of hospitality from the OWNER I won't need to ever dine here again.
1	After reading all the reviews we weren't sure what to expect, we gave this place the benefit of the doubt. OMG this was the worst Mexican restaurant we ever ate at! The service was horrible! The food was soooo disgusting! I ordered a salad with shrimp (they call it prawns) the shrimps was hard tiny and crunchy, I felt like I was eating shrimp jerkey. The service was the worst we ever have ever had, it took an over hour to get our food. Taco bell is a 10 compared to this place and I don't like taco bell. Go their for the margaritas, but please don't eat their food. My husband's enchilada looked worse then frozen food. My son's beans were dry and hard. How does this place stay open???Yuck!
1	What a bad ending to what was a great night.  We sat relatively quickly.  We ordered a pitcher and 2 orders of guacamole.  Water came quick.  Drinks about 15 minutes, guacamole OVER 45 MINUTES.   The guac was served in little ramekins, usually used for a side of horseradish.  They must be f***ing kidding.We had finished the pitcher and and the waiter had not been back to take the order.  I had to go to the hostess to find him.  7 minutes later, he shows up and tells us theyre working on our guac.  Now its an hour and 40 minutes and we have no sign of entrees.  I ask to speak to tje general manager.  Three different people told me she was three different places.  Im in the business and was polite but firm.  She obviously wasnt the GM and honestly, not a experienced manager. I know she was not in charge just maybe for the day. There was an wine walk event there that night that had a ton of folks.  They werent prepared.  Whoever is really in charge, not sure whether its corporate or not, needed to be there or get called in,   They failed.   They had a line at the door and they had empty tables.  I told her the guacamole was embarrassing and didnt even realize they charged us $12.   Guardinos smokes this and much much less.  After three baskets of chips, and just a frustrating end to what was a great night, I didnt care about the meal.   It comes and the tacos were greasy.  The lobster on top of the paella was 2 overcooked. 1 1/2 inch lobster tails that could be snapped in half.  The soup was ok, although served 4 minutes after all other dishes and no one else thought their meal was average.A well run restaurant would have known there was an issue and tried to minimize further disaster.  Acknowledge the guests, treat them with respect.  She did get us a round of low end tequila shots (I know my tequila) and when some other lady brought them over, she tries to tell me that life is short and to try and enjoy it.  Really?  Guess she missed the customer service classes.  Nice of them to also add a 18% gratuity.  This place really lets me feel glad that I dont make an effort to come to Lake Las Vegas.
1	I had family visiting from Az that were staying at the Westin Lake Las Vegas after deciding to do the wine walk Sonrisa Grill was recommend to us by one of the staff that worked in the casino.When we got to the restaurant we were seated after only a few minutes of waiting, once we sat our waiter promptly greeted us and took our drink order. Shortly thereafter he returned and took our food order, my sister and I ordered the Shrimp a la Diablo we were told it was spicy, upon getting our entrees I took a bite of one of the shrimp and "HOLY CRAP" that stuff was HOT!! My sister did fine with hers but I could not bear the hotness, I'm talking burning your ears hot! So I called the waiter over and told him that I couldn't eat the dish and that I would like to order another entree upon returning to our table he leaves a DRINK menu. It took about 10 minutes for someone to return to our table with a full menu, but it wasn't our server it was a waitress and as she approached our table she had the menu open and before I could say a word she said "YOU ORDERED THE SHRIMP A LA DIABLO IT'S SPICY" I replied that it was too hot for me and I would like to order something else she replied with " THAT'S FINE BUT I STILL HAVE TO CHARGE YOU FOR THE ENTREE, DO YOU WANT ME TO PUT IT IN A BOX FOR YOU???? WTF?????I was so irritated and hungry at this point we said fine I placed a new food order, but by this time the other three people I was with had already finished their meals, the waitress says to me "IT'LL BE ABOUT FIVE MINUTES, BUT ABOUT 20 MINUTES LATER MY FOOD FINALLY CAME AND IT ARRIVED IN A TO GO BOX!! Which further annoyed me.So here I sit eating dinner with three other diners that were all waiting for me to finish my meal which was being eaten out of a to go box and plastic ware. The waiter comes back and says "OH I MESSED UP THAT WAS A TO GO ORDER, BUT I'LL HAVE YOUR PLATE OUT IN A FEW MINUTES AND AS HE WALKED AWAY HE SAYS, IM BLONDE...WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?!? Again...WTF???By this time our whole party was over this dining experience, we ended up waiting for about another 15 minutes to get the check despite the fact that our waiter and the waitress who had taken my second order had walked by several times. I may have considered returning to this restaurant despite their terrible service because of the mango margaritas, BUT DUE TO THE FACT THAT THEY MADE ME PAY FOR ANOTHER ENTREE after tasting my dish and it being too hot I will never return nor recommend, in fact I will DISSUADE anyone from dining here.
1	Worst Mexican food ever.  It started with the salsa.  I thought it had a strange flavor, but didn't want to say anything, thinking I needed to give the place a chance.  Then it went downhill.  The chicken in my enchilada tasted like it came from a can.  The cheese tasted like imitation.  The chili relleno coating was just plain weird, like doughy or something.  I was shocked.  Too bad, such a beautiful location, I was so disappointed.  We asked for sour cream and didn't realize we had asked a busboy.  All he had to do was go tell our waiter that we wanted something, but instead he ignored us, since he didn't understand English.  The entrance was hard to find.  There was a sign that said to use the front entrance.  When we couldn't find it, we went in the way that seemed logical and we were ignored.  I honestly can't believe some of the reviewers are saying the food was good.  This is the only reason I signed on to write this review.  This place seriously does not know Mexican food.
1	Some places only deserve one star. You found one of them! My friend said it used to be a lot better. It was hot as hell in there. My friend's legs got stuck to the booth's fabric. I've never experienced worse service. The taco hardly had any meat in it, burrito was small, and the service was soooo slow. The waiting area is so small so as people are waiting, they cram in the doorway, propping the door open. Also worth noting, if you make reservations at lets say 7, you will most likely be seated at 7:15-7:20. You are better off looking for a better restaurant at LLV.
5	I went during their Happy Hour before the Cocktail Walk at Lake Las Vegas.  House Margaritas were $5 and appetizers were buy one get one half off.  This was a great start to an awesome night.I went with low expectations based on the poor reviews from yelp.  But maybe this place turned it around because the service was EXCELLENT.  My group took advantage of Happy Hour and had the cheese dip, avocado rolls, and quesadilla.  Everything was really freaking good and they had a great selection of Mexican beers on draft.  I was impressed by the selection of vegetarian entrees.  I ordered the broccoli enchiladas and chile relleno.  The food was fresh and full of flavor. I would totally go back.So, if you are reading these reviews and are on the fence about trying this place out -  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant.  The prices are bit high, but if you go during Happy Hour, it is definitely worth the price.
4	I recently had to plan a conference at LLV.  We chose to do a taco night for a group of the attendees.  We ended up with 40 people and I think everything turned out very well.  We arranged a meal of tacos, rice, beans, salad, and sodas for the group.  We also got the drink specials for everyone.  Chanthy, the owner, had the food out at EXACTLY 7pm as promised.  Everything was hot & fresh.  The restaurant had to make last minute changes to our area due to rain and it still didn't affect them.  I was very happy with everything I am sorry to see the other comments on here.  I would go back for sure.
2	SUPER slow service.  My quick dinner lasted about and hour and fifteen minutes.  Portions are good, and food was good,  service left something to be desired.  The server actually told us he had a bigger table than us so he was paying more attention to them.
4	hubby and i came here after a couple's photo shoot at lake las vegas. we had never heard of this restaurant before but love mexican so we thought we would give it a try. i absolutely loved it here. i dont understand the poor yelp reviews because our food was delicious and the service was on point. the only mark down i give this place is the time it took to check out.we were able to sit on the patio when we went. the sun was setting and a chill was beginning. someone came and started a fire which really set the ambiance for us. a jazz band was also setting up near by. the chips and salsa were good, our waiter was attentive, we didnt have to wait too long for our food. the sangria was one of the best i have had and they had my hubby's favorite beer: bohemia. overall it was a wonderful surprise dinner. the only bad was the check out time....it took wayyyyy too long. that wouldnt stop me from going back though; and i live in NLV!
2	I am so disappointed in Sonrisa. It used to be my boyfriend's favorite restaurant. I've been here before, and my food was awesome. I remember wondering why our table was only one of 3 in the entire restaurant. I think I now have my answer. For New Year's Eve, my boyfriend and I wanted to come out to Lake Las Vegas. Sunset and Vines didn't have any reservations available, so on Sunday night we tried calling Sonrisa. No answer. We left a message. No response. After several more attempts, someone at Sonrisa picked up the phone, and replied that they were completely booked for 7pm, but were wide open for any other time. That should have been my first clue. Next I went on their website to see if they had any special entertainment happening, or if they had a special menu. I quickly found that they did have a holiday menu and entertainment listed for New Years....2010. Again, this should have been a red flag. So New Year's Eve, we get to the restaurant, and are seated right away. There is a little band in the corner, and the place is pretty busy, so that seemed promising. The waiter hands us our menus, and informs me that they aren't serving the regular menu, only the holiday menu. I thought that was a little weird, since it is busy, but not exactly line out the door busy, but whatever. I take a look at the New Year's Eve menu, and it's basically 6 entrees pulled from their normal menu, with a choice of soup or salad, and a "chef's choice" of desert. Priced at $50 a person. Not exactly a special menu, but at this point I was hungry, and as I said before, the last time I had been there, the food was really good. I ordered the fillet mignon and my boyfriend ordered the lobster tail. When my medium steak came out, it was completely chard and had the faintest shade of pink to it. The waiter apologized and said he would bring me another steak. The second one came out raw. Again, the waiter took one look at it, apologized, and offered to bring me a third. By this time, I also began to notice that the potatoes were dry and had a crust on them like they had been scraped out of the bottom of the pan. My boyfriend's white rice was really mushy, and it suddenly struck us both as an odd thing to put white rice with a lobster tail, and not put anything else on the plate. Finally, my third steak came out, and it was cooked fine, but it was kind of spongy, and really difficult to cut into. Instead of cutting clean, the fibers in the meat wouldn't cut, and I realized that all of their meat had probably been in a freezer for a very long time. At this point, it became obvious that the entire menu was made up of whatever they needed to use up in their freezer. We asked for the manager, who was very nice, apologetic, and he did comp our bill. Except that my boyfriend recognized him as a waiter he had had before, and I am pretty sure that there is no real manager at Sonrisa, and this poor waiter had just stepped up to take the heat of all of the customer complaints. The last straw was the "desert" that came out. It was plain tortilla chips covered in whipped cream and Hershey syrup. It looked like something a five year-old would make for desert, and proudly announce they made it themselves. I feel really sorry for the wait staff at Sonrisa, as I have never had any problems with the staff, and who seem to be trying to do a good job.  It is painfully obvious that whoever owns or operates this business just doesn't give a crap about it, or have any pride in their food. The restaurant has such great potential, and it almost seems like the owners are just trying to cut their losses by selling as much old food as possible before they decide to just shut down.
3	We had dinner here on Friday night.  No waiting, the place wasn't dead, but there were only a couple of tables.  A few more people came as we were leaving.  It looks like they have a solid patio, but it was pretty cold so it was not in use.  We'll return when it's warmer and sit outside.To start, we had the cheese dip.  This was a winner, and very reasonably priced.  I had mixed grill fajitas, which was a miss.  I didn't care for the seasoning, it had something I can't put my finger on, but it created an odd taste.  My wife had a beef chimichanga, which was excellent.  Frying things, such as a burrito, is usually a good idea, and this was no exception.  The portions were quite large, we had a lot to take home.  Service was above average, our drinks were never close to empty, but our server did not hover over us.  We will return, but I won't get fajitas next time...
3	Had dinner last night and give them a 3. Margarita was great and service was good, We ordered the mix fajitas steak and chicken and halibut tacos. The only probEm is they are very scimpy on the amount of protein they serve in their dish. Fajitas had 5 chunks of chicken and 3 small stripes of meat for $21. Lots of veggies of course to make it look like a lot. The halibut must have been a small catch today also, 4 small quarter size chunks in each one for  $18. Very generous on the extras if that's what you go for.If I return it won't be for those items.Beware, they ask if you want sour cream but don't tell you it's an charge.
1	My friend and I came here for happy hour/light early dinner while staying at the resort. I had specifically asked for a saltless margarita, and I received one with salt. I ignored this and carried on. We each ordered a prawn skewer and a bowl of albondigas. When we received the soup, it ways way beyond salty. We managed to notify the waiter who said that he would be right with us. Ten minutes later, he responded to us and we asked for the other soup instead. Another 10 minutes pass and he was VERY attentive to everyone else in the restaurant but us. Mind you, this was not a very busy restaurant and there were only 3 other tables with customers. He ended up bringing us a cup to sample and our shrimp. The shrimp was very good and we ate that, but he was very slow in attending to us. My friend and I, tired of waiting, decided to add up our own bill and left money as the service was abysmally slow given that this was NOT a bustling restaurant. We noted that the prices were overly high for such bad service and then we went to Auld Dubliner, where we were also disappointed. We are usually good customers who do not usually complain unless the service and/or food suck. Do not patronize this restaurant as it leaves a lot to be desired.
1	"Where do you want to have lunch?""I don't know.  Let me check Yelp."Boy, I wish I had that particular conversation with my colleagues this afternoon before deciding on Sonrisa Grill.  Instead, we chose Sonrisa pretty much at random, and paid for our mistake.  As I read the other reviews on Yelp (there was nothing else to do, since the waiter had apparently decided to take a semester off to study flamenco dancing in Barcelona or something), I noticed that many reviewers complained of slow service.  They were right.I mean, really, really right.  Think glacially slow.  Think the Colorado River carving the Grand Canyon slow.  Even endangered ground sloths would be looking around with a befuddled "What the hell?" look on their little slothy faces.45 minutes.  45 minutes from when we were seated until the waiter managed to fit us into his busy schedule.  I don't think this is an accurate assessment, however, because one of my companions ACTUALLY FLAGGED DOWN A BUSBOY to ask him to get our waiter for us.Once he did appear and asked if we were ready to order, it took an additional 30+ minutes to get our food out of the kitchen.  Several of my companions had to leave and we had to take their orders to them in to go containers because they had foolishly thought that an hour and a half was sufficient time to eat lunch.  How silly is that?The food was typical undistinguished Mexican food (a slice above Taco Bell, but below most Mexican restaurants that don't feature a kid's meal with a toy).  In short, don't plan on anything else if you lunch at the Sonrisa Grill.  You will be there until the dinner hour...
4	We ate there last night and the food was excellent! The salsa is one of the best I have had at a restaurant like this. The food was delicious, it was properly timed (in terms of courses). Despite being very busy, our waiter was excellent and the staff was appropriate at checking in on us and quick to bring more salsa/drinks. My boyfriend said several times that this was one of the best Mexican meals he has ever had. I don't know if I agree with that, mostly because I have had too many good Mexican meals...but it definitely was excellent and tasty and I would love to eat here again. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars: the hostess was a little curt and had a bit of an attitude. She said there was an hour wait (which we understood and were OK with), made it sound like our request to be seated inside was something she probably wouldn't try to do, and said she would call us when a table opened up. An hour later we returned to find our name crossed off. She said she tried to call but it didn't work. My phone was with me and on the entire time we waited. I was receiving emails at that time too so i know it had service. I checked the number she had and it was right. I am thinking she didn't call...despite that little issue I would recommend this place.
2	My husband and I stopped here for lunch at random, and our experience started off well enough with rather addicting chips and salsa.  We ordered a queso dip as well for them, which made them that much munchier.  However, with the exception of their signature margarita (which was quite lovely), nothing else managed to bump the star rating for us.We both ordered the chicken chimichanga.  It was edible, but no where near worth what we paid for them.  And they were FULL of cheese.  A good thing you'd think, right?  Not this time, it was overkill. The most disappointing thing though was the general lack of attention to detail in cleanliness.  The tables had bits of... stuff still on them, as did the base of the spiral-stand that held our chips.  The floors were dirty.  And my husband discovered a stack of fossilized Mexican-food crumbs pressed in between the seat cushions of the booth.A shame, because at first glace it looks like an awesome little place.  We'll probably not make this decisions again, unless we're just after drinks and chips.
4	The pork enchilada is the best I've had. Cheese enchilada is SUPER!!!! Salsa...yum. Quesadillas are hearty and fresh.  Some folks have had trouble here, but we did not.  Everything was VERY good.  We'll be back, for sure!!
4	The food is consistently good. Have had dinner twice so far, ordering different items each time. Good flavor, cooked well, and on Sunday's there is wonderful Sangria to drink as they have "Sangria Sunday" with a lower price on the Sangria.  I highly recommend eating here while visiting Lake Las Vegas..
4	I'm still trying to figure out what people are complaining about, but we had a pretty good experience.  It took us a minute to find the place, because it was jazz night so we figured it was down by the lake, but it ended up being closer to the casino.  I'll second everyone's comments on the chips and salsa.  Pretty good.  Lots of garlic in the salsa, so you know I'm all over it.Drinks kept us cool for the warm weather.  Summer beer, mojitos, and ice blended margarita, all made by Omar and all super good.  First time I've had a summer beer and I think that's gonna be my drink of choice next time I'm getting hammered outdoors.Food-wise, we ordered Avocado Rolls, Ceviche De Mariscos, and Camarones al Mojo de Ajo all recommended by our server Steve.  Everything was pretty damn good.  I don't know if it's because we had low expectations for this place based on reviews, but everything was pretty bomb.  I thought the avocado rolls would be similar to BJ's version, but it was way different.  Pretty good though.  The ceviche was fresh and just overall good flavor.  The Camarones al Mojo de Ajo was really good too.  Lots of flavor and went well with the steamed rice.  Some veggies would have been nice, but still damn good.If you're in a hurry, don't expect super fast service.  I think the whole point of this place is to enjoy the large portions and each other's company, so the food doesn't come out that fast, but definitely worth the wait.  They also had some guy singing for entertainment.  I guess they have a singer on certain nights of the week.  He was killin' it though.  He had some good choices.  Plus any guy that sings Bobby Brown is a winner in my book.
1	This was our first time trying it. Have to say that we were disappointed with the food. Chips and salsa were probably the best part of our dinner. We ordered the chef special chipotle enchilada and burrito and chicken quesadilla for our son. It's probably the blandest food I've ever had. Chicken had no flavor. Seemed boiled and shredded chicken wrapped in tortilla and smothered w chipotle sauce. Even the quesadilla was bland. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay away. Staff is cordial but food was horrible.
4	We had an amazing meal here...granted it was 3 years ago. Had a spicy shrimp dish and it was so delicious. Service was wonderful as was atmosphere. Both my husband and I still talk about the amazing Mexican meal we had here. Give it a try....
2	My friends and I strolled into this restaurant because the patio seemed to be the only happening spot in the entire village.  There was a man playing live music inside which could be heard outside, it was the perfect setting for a relaxing evening. I ordered a carne asada burrito.  My carne asada was a generous portion served with a side of beans and rice.  The carne seemed more like ground beef and the taste was a little bland.  My boyfriend ordered the chimichanga and was also "just so" with his choice.  The general consensus from everyone around the table was that the food was not horrible but definitely not something to write home about.  From the 6 dishes we ordered, it seems as if the chicken fajitas were the best choice.The margaritas were watered down and the other alcoholic drinks weren't very strong, especially for the price that was paid.  Definitely don't go in expecting to get your buzz on, unless of course you order straight shots, then maybe you can be on a good one.  Our waiter Omar was really nice, he gets 5 stars if I could just rate on staff alone.  But this is for overall experience.Next time I am in town, I will probably skip this place and will try something else out, or maybe I would stop in for a shot of tequila, but otherwise, I'd skip the food!
2	Mediocre food and dirty ass tables. Suffice it to say, there's room for improvement.
2	I never judge a restaurant negatively from just one visit.  I given this restaurant 3 opportunities to earn my satisfaction when I go out for Jazz on the Lke.  It just doesn't seem like it's going to happen.  The food is just okay but the service is just far below standards and super slow, especially given where it's located.
1	Salsa, chips and water were great and got to the table fast. 20 minutes later they took our order. 40 min later we inquired about our food (appetizers and one entree) and the waiter forgot to put it in. We left. Great potential though - patio was pleasant with a fire pit, guy singing Motown, grass nearby for the kids to play on. Guess we should wait for Omar to be working to attempt again.
1	Lake Las Vegas is a ghost town!   Either way, we were anxious to use our Groupon and try out a new Mexican joint.  We walked in and there were only a handful of people, everyone looked lost.  No one greeted us, we had to walk around until we found anyone working there.  It was just the bartender.  He was very nice and seemed overwhelmed, even-though he only had two patrons at the bar and two tables in the restaurant area.  He was the only person working.  The food was disgusting!  We had the sampler so we could try out the place's signature plates; but it tasted like microwave food.  The wings were re-heated and the food left an icky taste in my mouth.  This place could have some potential but they have fallen into the death circle of Lake Las Vegas.  Its no place to visit.  Save your gas money and stay in town.  How disappointing.  The bartender was super nice and trying, but the food was just plain gross and his margaritas made in a rush.
2	Thought we would join friends staying at Lake LasVegas for dinner at Sonrisa. Margarita pitcher was over-priced at $40! Chips and salsa were average. Entrees of tacos, enchiladas and burritos were below average. Next time we'll bring friends into Vegas for Mexican food. Very disappointing.
4	We wanted to watch the Charger game so we wandered in the Sonrisa Grill. We were greeted by the bartender with a big smile. We told him we wanted to watch  the game and he made sure it was on the right channel. He took our drink order and brought us chips and salsa which were delicious. I ordered a shrimp quesadilla and a dinner salad. My friend ordered breakfast. We had our food within 15 minutes.  It was very good. The presentation was beautiful. The quesadilla was full of prawns which were perfectly cooked. The salad was delicious, full of several different types of lettuce and vegetables. The service was quick and very friendly. We will definitely be back soon!
5	I've been coming here for a few years and I always have a nice time. The halibut is my fave and the staff is always real!
5	Really good Mexican food and service is great. Prices are also very reasonable. The chile relleno was amazing!!
5	I love this place, always have...a fun place to hang out and see beautiful Lake Las Vegas. The staff is so friendly and courteous, the food is fab and you cannot miss with their delicious margaritas! Fantastic outdoor patio, warm and inviting indoor atmosphere!
5	I thought the food and service were excellent. A little pricy on the regular menu,  but they have good happy hour deals and specials.
5	Had dinner yesterday (2-18-14) at Sonrisa. Read several bad reviews of this place but we were given a groupon so we went anyway (Groupon was about to expire). Nice patio seating overlooking the lake. Ordered drinks which came within 3 minutes (happy hour prices). Chips and Salsa great. Tuesday is taco night ( all you can eat for $10). Since we had a groupon we couldn't take advantage of the Taco Tuesday deal, so we ordered off the menu. Our meal came within 15 minutes of ordering. Food was great and the service was exceptional.  I don't understand the bad reviews but we will be back.
1	Do not go there, terrible food and terrible service.$104 for 4 sandwich and 4 drinks. One of us vomited after we ate. Waiter unprofessional food terrible.
1	Don't come here if you want good food. We left very disappointed.We had halibut tacos, they were bad. They smelled funny so the wife and I didn't eat them because we were scared they would make us sick. Also to note, their rice was borderline cold when served and tasted nothing like Mexican rice I've been eating at most other restaurants. The limes they served with their beer were brown on the edges, not something I like to see. The food network was here filming for their show the first night we tried going here so after waiting for 1/2hr and they hadn't opened yet we left. Maybe they are trying to save this place?? Its going to need some real help with the horrible food they served us.With the food they served us that night, this will be added to the list of closed up shops in the village at Lake Las Vegas adding to the ghost town.
4	Went on Saturday 04-05-14 and had a good time even though it was a lil' windy and crazy cold.  It was HARD to find the darn place and the area is like a ghost town.  I had two pina coladas $ 10 each, they were excellent.  Ordered the avocado roll and they have chicken $ 10.  Comes with 4 and is like a meal if you don't share.  They were insanely good.  Had 1/2 a shrimp enchilada from my friends plate and it was so good.  The fried ice cream was good but I loved the crisp tortilla thing it came with.  Sat in the patio, view was good, and there was an event by the water with a live band.  Thank GOD we sat by fire pit cause it was cold.  BBRRRR!
5	This is my favourite restaurant ! It is a great combination of great food great service and beautiful atmosphere! A hidden gem!
4	Friendly bar staff made for a great afternoon luncheon. Nice selection of beer, mixed drinks and wine with a view overlooking Lake Las Vegas.We had a tostada salad with shredded chicken and a taco platter with one chicken and one carnitas taco complete with rice and black beans.Not a bad spot in the up and coming section of Lake Las Vegas.
2	We stayed at the Aston on my girlfriend's Groupon, and it came with two free appetizers and two free drinks from Sonrisa.We stopped in after a wine walk around the marina, so it was probably one of their busier nights. The waiters and waitress (we had any one of three at a given time) were great - friendly, quick to take orders, quick to bring drinks, and staggered delivery of apps and entrees. Unfortunately, great service cannot save bad food.First of all, the free appetizers we ordered were taquitos - two beef, two chicken. Guacamole is an appetizer unto itself. We each ordered enchilada combo plates, and the enchiladas left much to be desired. They were very bland, and there's no salt and pepper on the table. The Mexican rice and beans were very plain - could've spiced'em up with tomato in the rice and salt in both. We agreed that the cheese was the highlight of the meal.The house margarita was decent, and the Sonrisa margarita was good. Maybe I should've ordered 5-6, so that I didn't care how bad the food was by the time I ate. We regretted not going for another restaurant option in the area.
4	We were staying at the Westin and decided to wander over to the village to find a place for dinner. First let me say that I'm not a Mexican food connoisseur; I judge the food based not on authenticity but on whether it tastes good - and it definitely did. I had Combo #2 with carne asada enchilada and chile relleno. The steak wasn't the most tender I'd ever had but the flavor was good. Their take on a chile relleno was different than I'd ever had - the relleno was suspended in a cloud of egg white batter, which I enjoyed. One thing I also liked is that their menu is gluten-free friendly in its labeling. Overall, a delicious meal in a nice patio atmosphere.
5	This place rocks!  With great drinks and food, we've been several times and always enjoy ourselves.  For a very relaxing evening, go on a weekend night just as the sun is setting,  sit on the outside deck, and enjoy the live music.
2	We wanted to find a restaurant within Lake of Las Vegas, since that is where our cousins are staying with a 2 month old.  After giving up on finding a 4 star place to eat within the area, Earl made an executive decision to try out Sonrisa.  When we arrived on a Friday at 6:30ish pm, there were not many people at Lake of Las Vegas.  It was very dead.  When we got to the restaurant, there were not many guests there either.  The food was mediocre at best.  I got the avocado rolls, Earl got the...I don't even remember.  It was so unmemorable.  Earl asked the waitress if they make good Michelada.  She said yes with confidence.  When she brought out the michelada, the color was off.  It was no bueno.Summary:  We won't be coming back.
2	Food was just ok. Chips were cooked in rancid oil and entire restaurant smelled rancid.   The table was filthy--sticky with ground in grease and dirt that is years old.  Was so turned off.Service was very good.
4	My wife and I love this place.  The food is always good and the service has been great.  We love how friendly and inviting the restaurant is.  Table side guac is a great addition to their menu.  The happy hour specials are great too.  We have had a lot of different items on their menu and our favorite is the fajitas.  They are fresh, well prepared, and the rice, beans, lettuce, cheese, and pico that comes with it are fantastic.  The sangria is amazing.  Keep up the good work!
5	Food is ok the service was good but I will definitely not come back here.... Vegas has too many great restaurants this place is not worth your money!
4	The civiche was wonderful and the margaritas were real good. Love sitting listening to the live music and hearing the fountain splash in the background. The lake is always a plus and a spectacular view. If you want to leave Vegas and escape, this is a place to check out.
1	Ok, so where to start. The wait staff seemed confused to just get us seated. There was just a wait for everything. Wait to order drinks, wait for the drinks, wait to order food, wait forever to get food, wait for someone to pickup dishes, wait for a beer, wait for the check. The food was subpar at best by the time the food arrived I could tell that it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while considering that the beans and rice were kinda crusty. Thanks no thanks
4	Awesome place the staff was very friendly and my shredded beef tostada was delicious!! Oh and the drinks are so tasty and strong an A Plus! in my book!!
5	My girlfriend lives in Lake Las Vegas and we wanted something close by. PS-there isn't much, let alone on a week day. The area is a ghost town, we were SO thankful this place was even open! To start, the chips and salsa were delicious. Not only were they hot and fresh, the salsa tasted home-made-yuMMMMMMMMy! Did I mention how fresh the salsa tasted? I ordered the shredded beef quesadilla and it came with beans and rice (price was $13.95). The quesadilla had a lot of flavor. Cheese, beef and green chilies (not hot) were oozing out of the crisp tortilla. I was actually quite impressed and after all was said and done an didn't mind the cost for something that would normally be cheaper. I would definitely go back again if I was in the area.  Close, fresh and tasty!
5	Great attentive bar staff and waiters. Drinks are quality and made from scratch: Cadillac margarita with grand Marnier and fresh lime juice. Very polite. Fresh food, this place is underated. Love it.
5	Awesome drinks and top quality service from Marcus the server and Ivan the bartender, outstanding!  Food is fresh and delivered on time, drinks are on par. Will be back to visit.
4	Good food, slow service. We're regulars here, the food is definitely worth coming back for. If you're hungry, come here there's big portions. But if you're starving, don't bother, the service can be really slow at times. There's a really nice atmosphere here. Especially in the summer time when you sit on the patio and listen to live music. The burritos are big and really filling and I'm also a big fan of the pork enchiladas. Really good margaritas and pina coladas too!! Definitely would give this place 5 stars if they would speed up their service.
2	We came out for Taco Tuesday.  There was a group of 12 of us and the restaurant still had some open seats.  It took 45 minutes to get our first order of Taco's.  While the food was good and the server felt bad they should have had a better grasp on getting the food out the door faster to the tables (everything on the tacos is the same and can be pre done except the meat).
2	My girlfriend and a friend stopped by this place on our first visit to Lake Las Vegas. All the advertisements say it's an oasis, and all the Yelp reviews and other first hand experiences say it's a ghost town....so we had to investigate. Well, I can confirm, it is a ghost town. We went on a Saturday night, and there actually WERE people. There were even about 4 restaurants open...including this one, but they were all pretty pricey. This one was the only one that was somewhat reasonable, with a 14 dollar quesadilla, so we figured what the heck.First of all, it's a little awkward. I mean, these restaurants REALLY need your business, and it kind of felt really weird entering into an empty restaurant on a Saturday night trying to check the prices. Since there were no other cheaper choices without leaving the village, and since they were so eager to seat us, we figured what the heck! Why not!Well, the atmosphere was nice outside on the patio, although the live entertainment down on the lake was pretty terrible. We enjoyed the nice outside space, and we were prepared to enjoy a nice meal at a mexican restaurant.Then we met our waiter. He was terrible. Seriously, like really bad. The first thing he said to us was "Would you like a cadillac margarita?" ...to which we said uh, no, we just sat down and are looking at the menu, can we have some water to start? He then stormed off. Throughout our entire meal, he was the most unfriendly person, and seemed entirely uninterested in dealing with us. My friend ordered a second beer, and no joke, the dude came back literally with his face in a checkbook reading...and slowly (blindly I may add) placed the beer in front of my girlfriend on the other side of the table, and walked away.Aside from service, the food was alright. My girlfriend and I got quesadillas based on some Yelp reviews, and I would say if you are here and stuck...get them! The quesadillas were actually good, and they were decent sized too. Lots of cheese, how can you mess that up? Also had a nice crispy tortilla. The rice and beans seemed like they had been waiting on a heater awhile to be served, but they were fine.My friend got a burrito, and he said it was really bad. He didn't finish it.If it weren't for the waiter, I would probably give this place a 3, but the not great value, terrible waiter, and atmosphere in a weirdly empty town just pushes this down to a 2. By the way, normally I wouldn't mind higher price for a good meal and night out, but all these places are outrageously priced...like it's on the strip. They clearly try to compensate for no customers by jacking up the prices, which drove us away from multiple other restaurants there ironically. Catch 22, need more volume to lower prices, need lower prices for more volume (if there were people around).
5	I can't say enough about this place.  I felt compelled to write a review immediately.....I'm still sitting on their patio digesting. LOL.  The salsa and guacamole are super fresh and delicious.  The sangria (red) is delicious.  Every bit as good as our favorite from Milo's Wine Cellar in Boulder City .  I had the steak and chicken fajita and it was outstanding. My wife had the skirt steak and it was tender and seasoned perfectly.  The staff was very friendly and engaging. Chris, the GM, took time to chat with us at length and made us feel very welcome. We highly recommend this place.  Lindo Michocan used to be my go to Mexican restaurant.  Not any longer.
4	A great place for Mexican in Montelago Village!Rough economic times have hit the place hard.  But luckily there are still some great restaurants here including Sonrisa!  The dining area is open and colorful!  The service here is phenomenal! They are all friendly and very attentive!They bring complimentary chips and salsa for the table.  They are warm and delicious! We started off trying their Queso dip.  Good for white Queso dip but could've used a bit more flavor.  I opted to try the prawns enchiladas.  So good! The prawns were large and plenty of them stuffed inside.  If I'm in the area again, I would make this stop again.  Thanks for a great meal!
4	This place must be good to survive in Lake Las Vega - Ivan was an excellent server and the food was above average ... Happy hour was a good value ($3 drafts) .... Not quite worth the drive from Red Rock but if you find yourself here it's a solid choice.
4	Good food at a good price.  We rolled by during taco tuesdays.  All you can eat tacos for a reasonable price ($12 I think).  This restaurant has different specials every day of the week.Most of the area was a ghost town though.  Apparently, once the casino closed businesses started closing down.  They do have events on the weekend, but our work schedule doesn't allow for me to roll by.Food came out fast and we left full.
5	Had a lull in meetings and was in the area so I went out to the Village at Lake Las Vegas for lunch. I went to Sonrisa Grill. I ordered the two tacos with shredded beef. They came with rice and beans and of course the customary chips and salsa delivered to the table while you wait. The food was good, reasonably priced. My bill for lunch including my soft drink and fried ice cream was $25.57. One thing to note though. Unlike other places, only your first basket of chips and salsa are complimentary,  they charge for each additional basket of chips and salsa they bring out after the first. Another thing I noticed, for a Mexican restaurant,  they had a lot of American dishes on their menu and only the Mexican basics like tacos, enchiladas, burritos, quesadillas, chili releno,  etc on the menu. Still, great looking place and really great, friendly service.
2	Food isn't bad...Service is horrible. Came here with about 20 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner and it took hours to get food and drinks. The bride and groom got their food last and it took 3 times for them to make the salmon as requested. The owner came out and said they didn't hear that she wanted it well done but also noted she couldn't make a 3rd one because they already made two. The food really isn't too bad but the service and timing is off the charts bad. I would look other places for your Mexican fix
5	Good food and great atmosphere.  Service was nice and it was a gorgeous day for a regatta!
5	What an amazing experience! We had a large party of about 20ish, Chris was our server and he was incredible! Chanthy the owner came out to greet us and make sure everything was up to par. It was a bit chilly out, so they brought out the standing heaters to accommodate us and make sure we were A-OK! The restaurant is upscale casual, beautifully decorated (I especially love the fountain in the center of the main dining room & the stained flooring), and it's right next to the lake. Sit outdoors on the patio if you can, very romanitcal.  The food is great, guacamole off the app menu is right up my alley! All in all, we loved our experience and will DEFINITELY go back.Park on the 4th floor of The Hilton's parking garage and walk down the breeze way.
3	This restaurant is decent. We decided to dine here right as the beer festival was ending, so it was extremely convenient. Of course, so did myriad other patrons. Understandably, there was a little wait for a table but not bad at all.Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the wait for the food. I understand they were busy. I'll forgive them. When we did get our meals, they tasted good. Nothing extraordinary here, but a decent meal to cap our evening.They had a DJ playing some nice old school beats. That may or may not be your thing, but I enjoyed it. Oh and by checking in on Yelp, you get a free house margarita. To be honest, it was bland.
5	I was at Sonrisa Grill for a large meeting/dinner. We were outside around the fire pit. It was magical. Our waiter Chris, was fabulous, the food was great and the atmosphere was just wonderful. I highly recommend this restaurant for fantastic food...
5	This place is AWESOME and let me tell you why.  First off they have HAPPY HOUR here.  Drinks are $5, and appetizers are reduced all day on Monday and in the after noons Tuesday through Sunday.  Also, Tuesday is Taco Tuesday all day, REALLY???$11.95 for ALL YOU CAN EAT TACOS....Did you catch that, ALL YOU CAN EAT TACO's.  Now these taco's are are not small taco's, they are filling but you can hang out until they close if you want to eat and drink that long....The House Margaritas and awesome.  Back to the Taco's, they have shredded chicken, shredded beef, Steak and Prawns and all are WOW.The Prawns were cooked perfect and were some of the best we have ever had and as for the Steak, the seasoning is heavenly.If you have not been out to Lake Las Vegas, WHY NOT.  This place is worth the drive and worth the price of the food.  They do have other items on the menu all reasonably priced as compared to other places but the atmosphere is unlike anywhere else, this place is a HIDDEN GEM.We will be back probably on a Tuesday for the All You Can Eat Taco's along with Happy Hour prices on drinks, a DOUBLE WIN!!!Omar is an AMAZING bartendar and server.  He has an amazing personality and really makes the entire experience worth coming here.
2	Went to Lake Las Vegas and found a ghost town. Place was empty. Only restaurant open at 2pm on a Saturday. We were the only people in the restaurant. I had a Tostada with shrimp which was basically lettuce on a tortilla with 3 prawns. Boyfriend had steak fajitas which were ok. Had a beer and a glass of wine. $80 bill. Thought $80 for an ok Mexican lunch was way to much.
3	In the middle of ghost town with no where else to go (and the closest McDonalds 30 mins away) this place hit the spot. It's a basic Mexican restaurant with an awesome happy hour and good food. I've experienced the bar and wait staff, and both are helpful and quick in providing service. No complaints here.
