5	all I can say is WOW.  Me and my girlfriend have eaten in just about all the Korean restaurants in town and this is by far the best. Being half Korean I am pretty picky when it comes to the food and let me tell you this does not disappoint and we will be going back tomorrow or Friday. If you love Korean food you cant miss this spot.
5	The guy at Poke Express told me about this place long before they opened. I'm glad he did cuz this place is biggity bomb!First thing I notice when I walk in is the smell of KBBQ! The lady taking orders didn't seem to nice until I broke the ice with her and asked if I can taste one of the sides. The potato's. Dam the potatoes are good! And that's exactly what I told her. She laughed and said thank you.  I ordered the Jun's Special which came with Bulgogi, Kalbi, Meat Chun, and chicken over a mountain of rice! It also comes with your choice of 2 sides. They have all your normal banchan sides to choose from and you can see them all thru a glass window. Thats why I asked to try the potatoes. It all looked so good. As for quality, it's definitely there.  Everything was cooked to perfection. Jun's special has enough to share with another person and still be full. Glad there's a Korean Restaurant in the north. I'll be coming here alot.
5	All I can say is its the Best! And there Meat Jun is my Fav.
4	Today for lunch some co-workers and I hit Jun's Korean Restaurant.  You have all kinds of asian themed restaurants with-in a mile or so, but the area has always been lacking a good korean joint.  I ordered one of my favorite korean dishes...bulgogi, and it was very good, but lacked that normal kick that you find in most Korean restaurants.  Even in Korea dishes were much spicer, where as Jun's dishes are more sweet.  I found the taste to be more of a Hawaiian style Korean dish that reminded me of a taste like L&L BBQ.  But don't get me wrong the food is still very good and to add spice I just asked the server for some garlic chili paste and that fixed it right up to my taste.  The never ending side dishes were also a hit with my friends and also very tasty.  Overall Jun's is a great addition to the area and I will be back to try other great dishes.
5	This is a 5 star review because I like what they do here!I admit I am not  a Korean food expert.  I have been to 2 Korean restaurants and both times I ended paying too much money for bad service and snippy Korean waitresses giving me nasty looks for asking questions.  Basically, I have never enjoyed a Korean restaurant dining experience although I do like the food.So I go here.  The place is set up like a quick service place but she comes out and takes your order.  The lady was very friendly and helpful.  The menu has pictures which really helps.I order the 3 meat combo.  Chicken, Bulgogi and something else...  Everything was good.  I think it was $11 for the combo.  Came with salad, rice, kimchee and 2 other relishes. It was a lot of food.  I really liked the blending of a ethnic food restaurant for the non ethnic person.This probably isn't the most authentic Korean restaurant, but you get a big helping of tasty food for a fair price.  That's all I ask...
2	If you're new to Korean food, Jun's isn't the place to go. It's a very poor representation of Korean food. And if you're NOT new to Korean food, don't go to Jun's. You'll be disappointed. But if you're in the area and you just want some form of Asian food no matter how vague it is, then sure-- go to Jun's.I went here with my husband a week or two after it opened, and I was disappointed. I'm half-Korean, grew up with my Korean mother and grandmother, and now I frequent the Korean restaurants downtown to get my fix. I'm not a Korean chef, but I'm very familiar with the cuisine.So-- I'm usually not one of those people who picks on the authenticity of a restaurant but this restaurant's food is far from authentic. Everything was off. I mean, even the texture of the rice was off. The rice!! This blew me away because I've had different versions of many Korean dishes but the rice is always the same. Except at Jun's. The spicy squid was so far from Korean cuisine, it's not even funny. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty-- but the closest it got to being Korean food would be if it was Thai food. The sauce, the texture of the dish as a whole, the vegetables that came with it-- nothing about it resembled Korean spicy squid except the "squid" part.The seafood pancake had an American flare to it. It was very thick and dense and resembled an American buttermilk pancake in appearance and texture (except this one had seafood in it of course). If you've ever had any kind of Korean pancake before, you'd know this is unusual.The galbi was a bit ridiculous. If you want galbi, go to one of the many Hawaiian restaurants in the area or go to a different Korean restaurant in Chinatown. Jun's charges the same as any of these restaurants but only gives you about 1/3 of the portion. And the marinade they use leaves something to be desired.They do give you side dishes before your food comes out as is customary in Korean restaurants, but the side dishes are a bit curious as well. The only side dish that resembled a traditional Korean side dish was the kimchi. I'm not really sure what the rest of it was or where it came from.The service is weak; the woman serving us wasn't very friendly or attentive. She took our order, gave us our drinks, and only returned once to drop the food off at our table. She didn't refill our drinks or stop to ask us if we needed anything else. She didn't even glance at our table once we got our food. We walked to the register to ask for our check and just paid our tab there. Overall, I probably wouldn't go back to Jun's. The food doesn't make up for the service and vice versa.
4	Fantastic food!  I had the Stone Pot Bibimbob and, I'll admit, I was scared of that heat.  That dish was still sizzling long after I was too full to eat more.  The proportions, taste, textures - all well balanced and flavorful.  I'm now a big fan of Bibimbob!  Others that I've had have been okay.. this one rocked.Hubby got the Bulgogi - and I had to have a taste also - and I'll admit to wanting to steal his food also.  Definitely fans of this place, and so happy that we now have an excellent Korean restaurant on our side of town! =D
3	i was crving kalbi ribs bad and saw that this place had just opened down the street from my moms house and i was determined to come check it out. my husband is not a foodie like i am so to him food is food and he got the usual safe teriyaki chicken bowl...and i got the kalbi ribs and spicy chicken combo...he said his teriyaki chicken tasted very salty to him but i think it was because of the sauce seemed like just bottled sauce, my meal was good it came with a good amount of rice and a salad but the salad greens were kinda brown on the edges so i knew it had been out awhile.kalbi ribs tasted good, and the spicy chicken was not so spicy, i dont plan on being a regular but it was ok for just din din...
2	If you feel like Korean food and you happen to be in the area, then this place is just OK.  I had the Stone Pot Bibimbob with the Spicy Tofu soup. The Bibimbob was OK but the portions of meat and vegetables was so small that I had to put in alot of sauce cuz there was so much rice it tasted so bland.  The poke was good. And one thing I was curious about was Meat Chun.  Never saw it before and would like the try it next time... if I was ever in the area again.This is the first Korean place I went to that didn't have alcohol.
5	The sides are good! the prices are good... love korean food!!
4	I just recently discovered Korean bbq and fell in love. Tried their location in Henderson a couple of weeks ago but after searching for more Korean food on Yelp, found out that they have a location in North Las Vegas. Hubs and I got excited and decided to go check it out. We both got the two item combo. I ended up getting the spicy pork and the bbq rib eye. They both were really good. Also, the service was a lot faster and nicer at this location. I'm sure we will be back. Hopefully next time I will be brave enough to try one of the special items on the menu.
3	I've been having lunch here since the week they opened, but I purposefully waited to write my review.  At first I was so excited to finally have Korean food in North Las Vegas that it was love at first sight!  But after dining here quite a few times, I've been better able to see it for what it is: a decent lunch spot that is more of the Hawaiian/Korean type, with consistent banchan and really good dumpling soup.I haven't had any of the Hawaiian inspired offerings, but they seem to carry the typical plate lunches: teriyaki beef, chicken, kalbi, and so on.  I've had the Korean pancake, sundubu, kimchi jjigae and their dumpling soup (mandu duk guk?).  By far my favorite dish is the dumpling soup!  Everything else is decent, but I've had better versions of each dish elsewhere.  The dumplings in this soup are large and filled with meat and veggies, there are lots of rice cakes in the soup, and the broth is very tasty; it seems that other versions I've had don't have as flavorful of a broth as here.I'm glad that this spot opened up, since it's a great change from all the other chains along Craig Road.  With banchan, you get a good sized lunch for under $10.  If you're planning on going around 12pm-1pm though, be sure to block out at least a full hour.  Lots of people from Nellis AFB dine here, and the service can be pretty slow at times.  Solid 3 stars, I know I'll be back for that dumpling soup!
4	Unlike other reviews, we have had nothing but friendly service from the owner & her son...on all 3 visits. The first time we ordered bulgogi, galbi & meat jun. That's when we realized this restaurant caters to Hawaiian/Islander palates. bulgogi & galbi was too sweet and less true Korean. Minys 1 star. The next two visits we stuck too dolsot bibimbap. Very delicious. Also try the ahi appetizer!
4	Having moved from Hawaii, I was super excited to find this place in North Las Vegas where oriental food is scarce compared to other parts of Vegas. I'm hungry, but not hungry enough to drive my broke ass all the way to Chinatown, so having this place up north is excellent.I read past reviews, and I agree the cashier is a bit quiet and keeps to herself (hence the four stars instead of five), but I'm not here to make friends; I'm here to eat! Now like I said, I'm from Hawaii so my experience with Korean food is limited to Yummy's and the like, which is very similar to Jun's: you choose 1-3 main dishes and 3-4 side dishes. They also take orders at your table if you want to dine in. It's also a good place to come for lunch because business is slow at that time, but it gets packed pretty quickly for dinner.The food is GREAT; it reminds me of Yummy's. But then again, there's not much competition for oriental food in NLV, where most places are super greasy, salty, and have too much meat in the menu. For all of you veggie-lovers, Jun's serves hot tofu soup and veggie side dishes. The portions are right for the price, and I always have leftovers I can bring home and eat at a later time. The bibimbop is the bibim-BOMB. I like how they use the meat for flavoring and it's more of a healthy veggie experience than a carnivore's delight. They also sell some bomb kimchi in large jars to take home with you--you know, for your daily serving of vegetables.I'm not an expert in authenticity, so don't judge me if your Korean mother-in-law shuns you for poor taste. But take your Hawaiian & Island friends here; they'll love you--more than your Korean mother-in-law ever will.
1	I will not eat here again. The spicy chicken and brown rice tasted just like Teriyaki Madness. I wasn't blown away; however my lil' boy ate every bit of his chicken fried rice.
5	I don't eat Korean food very often. I usually only eat it when my friends from Scandinavia fly into town. Korean food is a very rare delicacy in places like Norway. They like it a lot over there, but there just ain't that many places to go to. So the first thing they always wanna do is go to a Korean restaurant after they fly into McCarren.  Personally, I like Yakiniku much better than Korean BBQ. Yakiniku is practically Korean BBQ from Japan, but I didn't feel like paying $200 today, so I decided to find a cheaper alternative. I met an old man at Floyd Lamb a few weeks ago who told me that  Korean food has changed in the last 25 years. He told me that the Korean food that is popular today is actually a modified version of what it used to be. He also told me to come here to JUN'S because it was more similar to the type of Korean food he ate back in the 70s.  I came here today, and I did noticed that it was  different from all the other Korean restaurants in Las Vegas. I actually liked this taste a lot more. I ordered the Kalbi and thought it was one of the best I have ever had.  You really should never get a Chicken dish from a Korean restaurant. Korean cuisine just does not specialize in Chicken.  Korean marinated chicken is practically the California Roll of Korean food. It's not a true authentic style dish.  The only times you should ever get chicken at a Korean restaurant is if it is a Chinese-Korean restaurant and they got Tang So Yuk(spelling?). I like how JUN's features this "oldschool" style of K-food, that you don't find very often anymore.  To me, it gives off more of an authentic feel. What most of Vegas locals are accustomed to is the Hawaiian-Korean style food. Sure, that's good too but I guess it's actually not real.I ordered to-go for all my annoying Norwegian friends, and I couldn't believe how much food they gave us. When the lady handed me the bag, it literally felt like 40 pounds of food. I had a lot of trouble carrying it to my car. What I really like is that they have the low calorie/healthy versions of the Korean dishes. These recipes have minimal sugar and no oil in the marinades. They also have brown rice as well. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the customer service here like many of the Yelpers are claiming. I've been to some nightmarish Korean restaurants in my life, and this was not one of them. East-Asian people prefer to stay quiet if their English isn't perfect, and a lot of White and Black-Americans interpret that as "rude". People from Mainland China(not Taiwan) and Philippines may also leave comments about "bad service" due to the whole inter-asian rivalry.  I just don't see a problem with this place's service.5-Stars
5	The Bulgogi, Kalbi ribs, and BBQ chicken were all great. The Kimchee, and other sides were fresh. I thought the food was great, and I will be back for more.
4	Yummy lunch here at this new Establishment. Plenty of parking in the private lot and prices here are reasonable.The Banchan was exceptional. I ordered the 2  meat combo plate for lunch - spicy chicken and Bulgogi. The entree came with salad and steam rice Service here is on the spot and the place is clean. Reasonable prices and quality food makes this an ideal place for lunch or a quick meal.
4	It took forever for this place to open up. They had their "COMING SOON" sign up for what seemed like forever. It's more like a fast food spot. There are no grills at your table. There is nothing special about their BBQ. I like their Kalbi Soup. The Sundubu is ok too. I like that they have a decent selection of Banchan to choose from. I'm just glad that this place is 5 minutes from my work. Another reason for me not to eat at McDonald's!
4	We just moved to N Las Vegas. We have been stationed all over the world and have eaten in many, MANY different countries including S Korea. I thought that Jun's was very good and the service was excellent. The hubby and I shared a mandoo and we each had bulgogi with an array of sides(we think that he gave us more sides than what came with our meals so we could try a little of many different things). EVERYTHING was good. Although we did not meet the older lady (as she got a lot of negative reviews on here), we look forward to meeting her on our next dine-in. We thought the service was impeccable. We will definitely return in the near future!
4	As someone who spent a year on Korea I thought this place was really good. Service was great and so was the food.
4	Found this place while working in North LV .  We were eatin the same Mexican food everyday for lunch and saw this place while driving.  Glad we decided to stop by.  It's not like back home in Korean Town Los Angeles but it is very good.   Friendly staff and great Korean food. I felt like I was back home!
3	We decided to give this place another try after 4 years. The first time didn't go so well, as my wife got immediately sick after our meal. I view this restaurant as the Korean version of Panda Express. Not great, but will do in a pinch if you are in a hurry and don't mind average food. We chose the following three entrees:1. Bulgogi beef--Soggy, fatty beef in a salty sauce (Go to Ko-Mex for good bulgogi beef!)2. Kalbi short ribs- Not much meat on dem' bones - but not bad! (Greenland Market food court has better Kalbi ribs!)3. Chicken - Low quality and a little too charred for my liking (808 mix plate is a better option) *** All three meals came with a good helping of delicious steamed rice and a nice refreshing side salad. In fact, the salad was the best thing about our lunch.  All three meals and two soft drinks came out to about 38.00 not including tip. Would I come back? Maybe, but it might take another 4 years. That's about how long it takes to forget if you liked it or not the last time you were there.
2	Just not very good.  Got 2 meat combo (bulgogi and chicken).  Got home and was mostly rice.  Chicken dry and the least impressive bulgogi i've had.  If the owner/cashier would have been nice, it would have been the unity saving grace but he was rude.  Too many bomb Korran places out here to come here again.
4	been back several times and everything is good!
4	I have been here a good handful of time and I always get bulgogi and spicy chicken plate. As a side I choose the potatoes and broccoli. I really am not partial to their kimchi but it might grow on me in time. Overall a nice place,clean,friendly, and pretty quick orders.
4	I'm almost embarrassed to admit that I just found out that there's a Jun's in my neck of the woods.  For the last 2 years, the Jun's located off Eastern Avenue has been a meet up spot for me and one of my good friends. She loves Jun's and if I knew there was one north, I'd have HER come up. Probably doesn't matter anyway. She has lived here for the past 10 years and driving 15 miles away is considered far.  For me coming from California, driving 30 minutes for dinner or to meet friends is normal. Probably a moot point anyway because I would have to drive to see her anyway. Well anyways, I've been a fan of Jun's since my first visit a couple of years ago.  This location is just as good.  But this time I changed it up, just a little. My normal order at Jun's is their Grilled BBQ Chicken.  This restaurant gets it right every time and regardless of which Jun's I go to, it's still made the way I like it.  If you haven't tried their BBQ Chicken, you're missing out.  It's about 8 oz of the most tastiest chicken one could ever want.  I even double the order when I really am striving for more protein.  I also got their Chicken Katsu, which was just okay.  Jun's really hooks up the Katsu.  It's almost double in size compared against other Hawaiian/Japanese Restaurants.  Only issue, it was a bit bland.  Good presentation, but lacking taste in the chicken.  I found this ironic since their BBQ chicken is the bomb. Overall, I'm just excited that I found this place. I have to thank Yelp for this. I was at a stoplight in Summerlin and wanted to know the distance to Jun's.  To my surprise, two locations showed up with this one towards home.  Tonight was just my first of many visits to come.  You looking for some good Korean Food, look no further.  Jun's is the way to go.PS:  I think it's obvious from my reviews...I love me some Katsu.
3	I ordered the Spicy Chicken dish and split the dish with a co-worker. The pan-chan (sp?) came with kimchi, potatoes and broccoli. The kimchi was kind of bland, and I don't like broccoli to begin with, so that left me with the sweetened potatoes that were pretty good. As for the main dish, the spicy chicken (for both times I came here) was too charred for my taste. I had to use my knife to scrape off the gross blackened parts that could've made up a piece of chicken on their own.. I also tried my coworker's spicy pork that taste too mushy and bland. Good thing we had the bibimbap sauce to add flavor. However, I enjoyed the service and salad that came with our meal!
4	All about that meat jun! I wish we could pick our sides though when dining in.
1	Don't eat here!! the decor is bad the tables have holes the food does not seem to be fresh not alot of buisness to move the product
4	Food was delicious and the service was polite. I ordered the spicy beef and vegetable soup and it was wonderful. My husband enjoyed his beef fried rice and the dumpling appetizer was delicious! The side dishes were good as well. We will be returning soon!
3	Jun's Korean food is a great concept. Kind of like fast food Korean in a sense. The prices are very reasonable, but that's expected in this part of town. I come here probably about twice a month to get my Korean food craving fix! :pTheir banchan (side dishes) are not the best honestly. They tend to be a little on the dry side because they're sitting in open cafeteria food trays.The main dishes themselves are actually pretty good. They also sell kimchee and korean bbq rib marinate in jars.I wouldn't take my friends or family that are visiting Las Vegas here, but for myself when I need that Korean food fix fast and conveniently. This is my go to stop!
3	Combo plates are a good size but need more selection for a korean style place. Miss my long rice on the side  instead of a plate. not bad tho
4	I love Korean food.  I especially love really good Korean food, so I was thrilled when Jun's opened-- it's close, pretty quick, and yummy!I've ordered takeout several times (bulgogi and japchae mostly), but stopped in for lunch as well.  The dolsot bibimbap was awesome.  SUPER hot stone bowl so the rice got that nice crispy crunchy crust and the egg was still runny.  Bibimbap sauce was served on the side so you could add as much (or as little) as you wanted.  Banchan consisted mostly of a couple different types of kimchi, so not a huge selection but perfect for lunch.  FYI, if you're dining in, just go grab a table, they'll bring you a menu and get your drink order.  The giant menus hanging from the ceiling are for take-out.
4	I was not expecting much as I walked in as the place looked like a cafeteria.  I was very happy when my bibimbap was delivered as it also came with a few other banchan side dishes.  The beef was cooked and seasoned right and the egg on top was perfect and after mixing it all up is when all came together and it was delicious.  It is also under $10.  Real bargain for good quality food.
4	I think I just come here just for their Meat Jun since it's hard to look for a place here in town with good Meat Jun. I love that you have a variety of sides to choose from when eating here. The noodles, sweet potato and bean sprouts are super delish. The portions are huge too!
4	Small restaurant, clean bathrooms. Kalbi was yummy so was the banchan cucumber, kim chee, tofu and bean sprouts. They also serve hawaiian poke I was worried when I saw the color of the tuna but it turned out pretty good. The only thing that stumped me was the side salad. The salad was really crisp and fresh but no dressing. We never have left over kalbi but this time we did. So it was an order of 4 kalbi dinners, 1 order of hawaiian poke and 4 sodas total was $61 by far the cheapest we have paid for Korean BBQ. Service was fast and friendly.
4	How did I not know that I worked so close to this place for over a year?? I have started taking classes at the local Community College after work but I have a 2.5 hour break in between work and the start of my class so every once in a while I bring papers to be graded or the homework I've put off to the last minute here.  Work is just so much more enjoyable when you have good food Korean food to accompany it.The place reminds me of a lot of the restaurants in LA K-town, except this store isn't 24 hours.  It is nice to be reminded of home while I'm living here in Sin City.  Jun's has all your Korean basics from Bulgogi (BBQ beef), Bi Bim Bop (rice, veggies, meat), and Mandoo (Dumplings)So far I have tried the following dishes:Chop Chae 7.95 - (pan fried noodle w/ vegetable & beef)Sweet potato noodles fried with lots of veggies and meat.  This is one of those classics Korean dishes that I remember my friends mom's always making.  It is oilier than your average noodle dish, but it tastes so good.  Korean Pancake $9.95 - (pancake with seafood & vegetable)When they say seafood they really mean seafood.   When I ordered this dish I thought it might come with a few chunks but really I think there was more octopus than any other ingredient, so I was happily surprised.  They also give a really good sized pancake which is perfect if you want to eat half for dinner and save the rest for lunch the next day like I do.Spicy Soft Tofu Soup $8.95 - (soft tofu w/ beef & vegetable) It is a little more sour here than I'm use to but it still hits the spot on a chilly day.  Cracking the raw egg into the boiling hot stone pot is a must!  Again they don't skimp on the meat or veggies.  This is a great pick if you like spicy soupy dishes.If you check this place out and see a girl with tons of Chemistry papers say "Hi" because that is probably me.
4	As far as takeout food goes, this place is a step ahead of the competition. I recently tried the Jun's Special (a variety of meats) and Jae Yuk Bok Kum (a spicy pork dish). Both were tasty and had healthy helpings (rice and two sides included) for about $10/each. The decor in Jun's is plain jane, but clean, which is the most important feature for a takeout joint. The service was pleasant on the phone, and had my food ready in ten minutes after quoting me 10-15 (ON-TIME service?!). With all this said, it is still takeout, so there is a bit of a drop-off in quality, but it still was very satisfying. For those who may have not tried Korean food, fear not! Jun's is a nice and easy introduction.
4	This place is great. I keep forgetting I live down the street from here. I ate a lot of Korean food growing up since my grandma is Korean. Now that I live here I don't get it as much. It's nice to go in, be seated and have our food working 10 minutes. Wish there was a little more sides such as spinach. But it's still great food and cheap.
5	I seen this place before but it was never opened. everything was yummy like back home Hawaii. love the fact there is veggies to choose. now its my son's top ten spots to eat.
4	Jun's is similiar to what I am used to being from Hawaii.  This small, hole in the wall restaurant has about 10 tables, a banchan bar, large menu, soda fountain and Hawaiian-Sun drinks.  It also sells their sauces and dressings as well as catering services and banchan by the container.  You can dine in or take out.  Its clean and the staff friendly.On this particular day I ordered a side of mandoo and the Jun's Special that consist of bulgogi, bbq chicken, meat jun, kal bi, mandoo,  rice and toss greens.  I was also given bean sprouts, kim chee, fish cake and kim chee cucumbers as banchan.  They had other choices for banchan but was not offered, nor did I ask for something different.  WIsh they served soup also like in Hawaii.It's now on my top places to eat for cravings.  Plus it's only a 13 minute drive from my home.
4	I had low expectations for this place. I live nearby but took me years to try it. Let's face it, it's a Korean restaurant in North Las Vegas! How legit can this possibly be?I placed a to-go order to pick-up after the gym. We got a Jun's Special, Kalbi, bibimbap and mandoo.Jun's Special:This $12 combo has everything! Bulgogi, Kalbi, chicken, mandoo (meat and veggie dumplings) and meat chun (thin piece of marinated beef battered in egg and fried). That's a lot of food. It comes with rice. 4.5/5Bibimbap:Beef and veggies topped with a sunny side egg. Comes with rice, Kimchee and Korean hot sauce. I love mushrooms but I didn't know I scooped up some zucchini which makes my stomach hurt big time. You have to add hot sauce to make this tasty. The kimchee was delicious. 4/5Mandoo:Fried veggie and meat dumplings with a dipping sauce. I'm not used to seeing this as wrinkly half-moons like a Chinese dumpling. Does it taste good? Absolutely! 4/5Kalbi:Large pieces that are tender and semi-lean. Very tasty. 4/5I'm comparing Jun's with the ones I've had in Korea and Vegas. It's not as awesome as Soyo but the location and legitness of this place give me a reason to keep coming back.
4	Um, can you say delicious?! I've eaten here twice, and I'm still impressed! Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food. Service was great, the man kept our drinks refilled and was very helpful. Having never tried Korean food, this place is great. Spicy chicken, kalbi, the cucumbers..I like it all!
2	Combo plate was small portions 1 piece chicken 3 small round meat Jun that just tasted like teriyaki and eggs really bland rice was hard and tasted really old side dishes were small as well. The other guests had Kalbi plate which was great and portions seemed good to her. This place wasn't even crowded during lunch hour on a weekday. Hmmm? Over all this place gets a 3 star from me. Not   The best korean food in Vegas just ok
3	Combo plate was small portions 1 piece chicken 3 small round meat Jun side dishes were small as well. The other guests had Kalbi plate which was great and portions seemed good to her. Over all this place gets a 3 star from me. I would only eat her if I'm in the neighborhood again.
5	I ate here for the first time today. The staff were very friendly. The food was very good. Where in town can you get a good meal for 2 people and the cost was $20.00. This includes drinks and desert
4	I've been eating at Juns a couple of times a months for about 2 years. I just wanted to say the food has gotten better recently. I especially like the lean meat they use for their meat jun.
5	Amazing!!! The best service and food in the area... If you live in North Las Vegas area and dont want to drive to Spring Mountain to eat Korean food then this should be your place. My wife and daughter and i always try to eat here once a week. From the stone pot bim bin bop to the basic teriyaki bowl its all delicious... The juns special is for you hungry hungry people who want the best on one plate. The sides are very freshly made and the selection although small menu is still enough to have the Korean basics for you to choose from including the spicy tofu soup!!!
3	Real authentic Korean Food at its finest. Friendly staff but the "Korean Pancake" could use some more seafood ingredients lol not just squid/octopus. 3 Star rating cause I wasn't really impressed with that particular dish.
5	I used to live in North Las Vegas and this was my go-to for my Korean fix. After moving out of NLV ... a year and a half later this is the ONLY restaurant that I find myself craving and wanting to drive to the north side for! My step-grandmother is Korean and I've been eating korean food since I was like 4! Kimchi since I was 5, so I say I would have a pretty good idea of what this kind of food should taste like. ITS SO GOOD! I usually get the two meat combo with Kalbi, bulgogi, rice, and double kimchi. The portions are too big for me to finish in one sitting, but trust and believe I'll eat the rest of it later! If you're debating on whether or not to go here, stop thinking about it and just go. I promise it'll be good(:
4	Great find! Very good authentic Korean food.  We had beef and chicken bulgogi. Both dishes were presented well and tasted great. Korean tea was a little weak. Otherwise, it was a great find. Very affordable and we will eat here again!
4	I wish I could give it 5 stars, but the service is a bit lax. I have ZERO complaints about the food or prices and I find myself craving it pretty often. I wish I would have stopped by sooner after working nearby for years. I just make sure I'm not on a tight schedule when stopping by. My wife and I bought some of their spicy korean marinade and its excellent as well
4	Great food and value. Chicken, boolgogi, mandoon, and vegetable pancake were tasty. Service as good too. Not sure if this is normal based on other posts... I found it acceptable. And my wife or kids did not have to ask for refills. Definitely coming back and taking my parents.
5	Best Korean food I've ever had, and the service was excellent. I wish more places had as good service as Juns.
5	Hawaiian style Korean food :)  My favorite is the Spicy Chicken plate. The kochujung sauce that they use is hot & flavorful. Other dishes I have tried and liked ..chicken katsu, spicy squid, bi bim bap, spicy pork, and bi bim kook soo. The owners are always friendly, the establishment is clean and the food Is yummy & affordable. I love this place!!!
4	Hete I am satisfying my Korean crave. As usual ordered the Jun's special.  Lots of food and great combination of meats. Today the lady opened the store and immediately 3 couples walked in and myself. She was small kine suffering. Remember to get the toss salad on the side. If not the dressing gonna affect the taste of your rice. I also like the ban chan.
5	I go here to get my Korean fix. This is exactly like shopping mall Korean food. They could serve shit on plate call it Korean and I will eat it because there are no other Korean places around. I see stupid ass reviews about service, go to an Asian place and expect bad service. Just go and eat! I like the food, extra meaty, extra fiber, and it comes out quick. I don't need a smile or peppy service to enjoy my meal. I'm Chinese so if I need some-ting I go up to the server station and grab it myself. For $8 a meal, I ain't expecting "may I change your socks" service. If I do it's a bonus. Seriously writing this review is making me hungry. I usually get the spicy chicken plate and the fucking chap Chae noodles. If you don't feel like driving all the way to china town for it, come here. Excellent place to go before a movie. If you're an Asian guy dating a white chick, bring her here. If you think orange chicken is amazing, you'll like the flavors here.(don't ask for orange chicken.) damn orange chicken pisses me off. Why? I don't want to get into it. Seriously location, location, location. Five stars for the amount of protein I get, five stars to taking care of my Korean craving, however we all crave Korean girls. Finally I give 5 stars for having the best sides. I'll keep coming here till the day I move closer to china town, in reality if you live in Henderson, why the hell would one move by China town? I'm going to get mugged.
5	bomb bomb baaammmmb! Food is always great.Staff are friendly.I always get the Juns special.it is the ultimate BBQ combo i had in my lifetime breh. FIGHTING!
4	Pretty good fast Korean food.  Had the Dosult BiBimbop.  A little too much rice and not enough veggies.  I'll be back to try other menu items.
5	Totally addicted to the spicy pork and the kimchi fried rice!!! Thank goodness this place opened near my house because my family and I would go out for Korean BBQ every weekend alllll the way in Chinatown. This restaurant is AMAZING and the prices are even better! YUMMM!
4	I wanted Asian but I didn't want to make a long drive to Chinatown, so we decided to try Jun's.  This place is probably the only Korean option in North Las Vegas, so it pretty much has a monopoly.  But with that said, the food was decent.  I particularly liked the meat jun, the beef was tender and the dipping sauce was flavorful.  I ordered the two combination and also picked kalbi.  The kalbi really was lackluster in flavor and texture.  It was extremely thin and dry.  The flavor was also just average.  We ended up having to wait 15 minutes for our food since they needed to cook white rice.  I'm guessing they ran out since we came right before closing.  They offered to change it out for brown rice...but I'm not a big fan of brown rice and opted to wait.  For the inconvenience, they were nice enough to give us complimentary fried mandoo (potstickers).  The mandoo was fried to a golden perfection but the flavor again was just average.  The banchan assortment consisted of kim chee cucumbers, kim chee, bean sprouts, and a candied potato.  I noticed in their assortment up front, they also have fish cake and other varieites.  I wish I had know that earlier and perhaps I could have requested that as a banchan.  Overall, solid offering for the location.
4	Juns is a great place and all the food is fantastic. I have tried many things on the menu and all have been great from the hot pots to the side dishes. The Kim Chee is top notch and some of the best I have tried. I have eaten in and both times the woman at the front and also sever were fantastic and really ontop of refilling drinks and grabbing you some extra sides if you are empty. They have some delicious sauces and offer them for sale so you can take them home. Check this place out if you want some Korean food.
5	Awesome food! I had the spicy chicken combo plate. The spiciness marinate was perfect. The complimentary sides were so good. We got Korean pancake, cucumber kimchee, not to mention the regular kimchee my husband loves. Down to the sesame green salad. When I'm in town visiting I will differently come back.
5	The only problem with Jun's is that it is too close to my house, and I eat there too often for my waistline. I lived in Korea back in the 1970's, and absolutely loved the country, the people, AND the food. I remember the details like they were yesterday. Much of the food at Jun's is like what I ate in Song Tan and in the small village restaurants we ate in while visiting the countryside. We avoided the "western" hotels and restaurants, partly becauseof our budgets (low ranking US Air Force servicemen), but also because we could get western food on the US base whenever we wanted. Other items on the menu are similar to Korean restaurants in Hawaii, variations on the "local style" plate lunch.It's convenient, so I don't have to drive all the way to KoreaTown. Everything on the menu, and I've tried every item, is delicious. The food at Jun's  brings back memories of days past. Jun's is very informal, there are no cookers built into the tables. You can buy Jun's Kimchi & dipping sauces also.
4	So my favorite place to go for Korean bbq is close until the end of the month.  I hop onto yelp and Jun's Korean Restaurant is nearby!  I ordered the kalibu plate and waited patiently.  My order was finish, played my bill, and I started working on my meal.  The kalbi ribs reminded me of the kalbi I had in Hawaii so this place gets points for that.  Would I go here again? Maybe, but my favorite restaurant is opening back soon and I'll rely on Jun's when my perferd bbq joint isn't  open.
4	Ambiance: 3 - A cute, little place. It almost looks like a to-go cafe for Korean food. There are limited seats, maybe 20-25. It does get just a little busy at certain times! The tables can get a bit small for the amount of food that they serve you! My advice is to stack some of the side dishes as soon as you finish them! Service: 4 - The service we experienced was excellent. The food was cooked fast and quick. And the server always came around to check on everyone and how we were doing. Food: 4 - The food was pretty good; hot, fresh, and tasty. And there was a pretty large amount of it, too, including the sides! The sides were just okay, I only liked the kimchi. We ordered the Fried Mandoo, which is basically a fried veggie dumpling, which was pretty okay, but a bit overcooked. My boyfriend and I each ordered a 3-meat plate for $13-14. I picked kalbi, meat chun and spicy chicken. My favorite was definitely the spicy chicken for sure, but the kalbi was also good!! There was definitely more meat than other restaurants like this usually give you, which I was glad about. Glad I'm getting my $$ worth! I think I'll come back to taste their kimchi fried rice and stone pots! But so far, I'm pretty impressed by Jun's :)
4	Still enjoy this place. They have a variety of items on the menu. I like the Jun's Special. Lots of sides as usual.  11am is a busy time. Call ahead if taking out. They also have thir sauces available for sale.  Clean and comfortable. Never had a bad meal here.
3	It was okay. I had tofu soup. I would go again if need be.
4	Good-size portions and food tasty. The rice was nice and soft -- just the way we like it. Salad dressing was very tasty. Hubby and I both had the same dish and enjoyed it. He ate all of his but I could only eat just a bit over half, so I took the rest home and will have it for lunch tomorrow. We had the 2-meat Combo Dish (Meat Chun and Bulgogi) for $11.95. This was our first time here and we plan on coming back.
3	Talk about bang for your buck! Jun's is in a great location for a quick meal. The service is great and they are efficient. I get the Jun's special every time (mostly because I can't make a decision, and it's such a good price! Jun's special includes Bulgogi, Kali, teriyaki chicken, mandu, potstickers, rice, and two sides (banchan)! The selection of banchan is awesome and I usually find myself ordering all of them. They have radish, cucumber, and cabbage kimchi...as well as sprouts, egg pancakes, and potatoes. There is always room to sit and you feel like every meal is home-cooked!
4	Had great lunch here. Friends more familiar with Korean cuisine claimed it to be almost the same food they had in Korea. Tried the different Kimchi available and was impressed with the flavors. Will definitely go back.
5	I'm happy I found a Korean restaurant so  close to me. Everyone is really nice and helpful when it comes to explaining the menu. I love their kimchi soup!
4	Was in town for a quick trip and was craving good asian food without having to go downtown.  They were very friendly and helpful and service was fast.  Food was incredibly yummy.  I liked being able to pick from several different sides and everyting was so tasty.  Wish I could eat here again soon!  I'll be back.
5	I love this place. It's clean and cute but small. Can get busy at lunch times but worth the wait. I always get the Kalbi plate or the dumping rice cake soup. And always gotta start with their mandu which is potstickers. They are crispy golden deliciousness of goodness paired with a perfect sauce.
4	The one thing I noticed during my most recent visit to Las Vegas is that you will never overpay when portions of food are considered. That being said, generally Korean food is not cheap (in California) and I was actually really surprised at the amount of food I got since I was looking at pricing way below what I would pay for the same dish in California. Especially considering the really generous portions. This place is very straight forward with a small and efficient setup. It wasn't busy at 6pm on a Wednesday which surprised me but I don't know the rush hours in the area. So my GF and I ordered 3 things:Pork with tofu and kimchee.Spicy chicken plateAsian chicken salad. The Asian chicken salad since it came first.The chicken was extremely tender and had a very savory sweet taste that coupled nicely with a basic dressing of vinegar and oil. Mixed greens are my favorite roughage so I was glad to see a bed of them along with carrots and cabbage. The salad was big enough to whet the appetites of two people. My least favorite dish (and I don't even like to say least favorite because it was GOOD) was the pork with tofu and kimchee. I'm not a huge fan of tofu and I really wish I would have ordered something that paired better with the pickled condiments (kimchee with a side of kimchee?) but you live and learn. I was between this and the stone pot bibimbap. Which I probably would have loved. The dish itself was very well made. No complaints. The pork was tender. The tofu was firm. The kimchee was kimchee'ish. The spicy chicken plate was my favorite. As the chicken in the asian salad was, so too was this chicken savory sweet and flavorful. This time with a hint of spice. (it should be noted that "spicy" at this particular restaurant is actually pretty mild). We're talking like somewhere between a quarter and a half chicken volume wise. Served with almost two cups steamed rice. Two thumbs up. THIS dish paired really well with the pickled condiments. And I would gladly order it again. All in all I have to say the place was great. Good food. GREAT prices and portions. Great service. I'd love to try more things before half the menu looked outstanding.
2	Its good been going here  for a year now.  Great food cooked when you order it.  Juns special a favorite.  The only complaint i have is prices went up recently and nothings changed. I cant understand why same food more price now, i could go to a buffet for almost  $20 a plate!!!!
3	Solid work lunch joint. casual. reasonably timely service.Not the most authentic Korean food. It's obviously catered to a more American palate--many dishes are overly sweet.soft tofu and kimchee stew...hit the spot when you have a craving..but I'm going to guess has a lot of MSG in it. If not MSG, then a lot of salt. I'm always parched afterwards. Having said all that, though, I go back regularly because it's the only Korean joint in the area. For those with discerning palates for Korean food, I do not recommend it. If you have a craving, though, it's better than nothing.
2	Had the Korean bbq chicken and the wings. It was alright, nothing I'd eat again. Ended up throwing away the wings. When I saw the reviews, thought it would be better than what it was. Suggest trying the Pineapple Express a few blocks away.
5	Someday I will have to branch out and try some other things on their menu. But I am completely and utterly addicted to the Stone Pot Bibimbob. Served sizzling and hot, rice meat and veggies with a sunny side up egg on top. Few things in life get much better. Perfect combination of flavors and textures
