5	The custard is incredibly addictive and creamy, just right on the sugar.I love the vanilla custard, thankfully is across town from where I live, otherwise I would be there every day.
5	They will definitely be giving Luv-Its a run for their money.  The service was super-friendly and I love the set up.  I went for the frozen custard and they had chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.  BUT...they had a long list of flavors they could blend with the vanilla (not like mix-ins, they have those, too).  So, I opted for the rum flavored frozen custard with a caramel sauce mix-in and sea salt.  It wasn't even on their list of multiple chunky choices (oreos, butterfinger, cherries, pb cup, etc.), but when I asked if any of their toppings were salted (I was hoping for salted nuts), this was their suggestion and it was delicious!  The custard had a great, super-rich mouthfeel and the "regular" size I chose was quite generous.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other combos.
4	You get this kid'ish nostalgia walking in. A sugar rush excitement inhaling the smell of cotton candy upon walking in. What's "Gelalti"!!???! A cup of your choice of custard(vanilla or chocolate) at the bottom layer, middle layer-your choice of italian ice, and top layer- custard. So it's full circle in flavor egg-based creamy goodyness.The young lady behind the counter was so enthused to explain the process. Go girl!I ordered the Gelati with vanilla custard and mango. It tasted perfect. Only thing for me is that I'm a light desserter. I can't really eat more than 6 ounces of sweetness and their only offerings are regular or large. Their regular was about 12 ounces. Perfect for a hearty sweet appetite, but i couldn't finish. So I do recommend sharing with someone if you're like me.I like the cleanliness and space...I wanna say this place is worth a try. I would only give it 5 stars if they went more exotic Italian ice flavors.
2	The flavors are not true to the names. The Watermelon flavor tasted like liquid Amoxicillin. Also the customer service was not up to par. They were extremely inattentive, I was left at the counter for about 15 minutes without so much as a look and the woman behind me was overcharged. There was a very nice girl working who apologized for the inconvenience and an extremely rude girl who managed to ruin the entire experience for me and my family.
5	Wow,  what a delicious surprise! Never had Italian ice with custard before, but lots of friends were telling me I just had to try CJ's.  They were right, it really hit the spot.  A nice refreshing change from all the frozen yogurt spots I've been hitting up. I'll be back soon to experiment with some new flavors, and cool off during the hot summer.
5	CJ's Italian Ice and Custard is the best ice cream place! The staff are friendly and welcoming, and always willing to help. The owner himself is personable and awesome to talk to. Now for their custard and ice, they have everything you could ever want from the concretes to the Gelatis, with Cotton Candy being the best. They have new flavors of both custard and ice all the time, and allow you to try them. I personally go every other day because i love it so much. The atmosphere is fun and light, with a tinge of the old fashion parlor with a bar and stools along the window in the store . The walls are dry erase boards so you can write your comments and what new flavors you want to see. Over all the place is great for all ages, and I guarantee you'll be addicted on your first spoonful. Move over Cold Stone and Dairy Queen, there's a new guy in town!
5	My wife and I have been here 3 or 4 times over the past month. The chocolate custard is the best I ever had. The Mrs. loves the custard and Ice combo. Vanilla with Tangerine ice is her favorite. The people there from John the owner to all the girls behind the counter are very nice and accommodating. The prices are very reasonable and they have a punch card. Buy 5 and get one free. We will continue going back and you should come and see what your missing.
1	How does this place have good reviews??? Yuck!! This isnt custard. I don't know how people think this is good custard. Me and the 5 people I went here with took a few bites and thew it out! It leaves a waxy taste in your mouth. Also, the place was very dirty...a big turn off.....this place has got to close in a matter of time.
5	What an awesome place!!  I went to CJ's with my girl and we were blown away by how great the combo of Custard and Italian Ice is!  I also grew up in Philly and this Italian Ice was the best that I've had and mixed in and turned into a Gelati was even better!  The customer service was awesome, John the owner was very attentive and sat and chatted with us for a bit until more customers came in then he went to serve them.  GREAT local business to support, great product and great customer service!!  This is our place now for sweet goodness at a very reasonable price, especially during the sweltering summers!Great job!!
3	Alas, I was filled to the brim after our meal at Bee Gee's, and wasn't really in the mood for dessert. For shame, I know. So I let my fella choose the order, since he'd be eating most of it. If I had it my way, I would have sampled the gelati, but we ended up with some vanilla custard with heath bar topping in a waffle cone. It was free topping Friday, after all. I don't typically choose vanilla as my flavor du jour, but I did enjoy the texture quite a bit. My fella sampled the blue raspberry Italian ice and said he enjoyed it quite a bit but wasn't in the mood for it on this particular occasion. I'm definitely interested to come back again really soon to try out some of their Italian ices after seeing all the rave reviews. I'm leaning toward chocolate or lemon, so I'll keep you all posted!
4	Perfect for hot summer nights. Great selection so everyone was happy from the kiddo to those young at heart. We had banana italian ice, strawberry and vanilla custard gelati and concrete with vanilla and pb cups. The concrete was really fantastic, better than other custard shops in town. The gelati was the best I've had since Frozen Aces closed years ago.
5	I have never tried a gelati, but it was a wonderful experience thanks to the friendly staff and prices.I had banana italian ice and chocolate frozen custard. The frozen custard was something I've never had before, I guess it's like eating really thick pudding? A regular for $3 is great, because the serving is too much for me to finish I would be more than happy to pay less for a smaller size!What I loved was that when I entered I was greeted with a smile. I mentioned it's my first time entering the place, and I'm not usually the type to ask for samples but our server gave me on anyways to confirm that I would be happy with my order. I'm very happy with the staff!
4	It's 9 PM and it's 92 degrees out and I'm on my way home from a show.  What to do?  Well, a left turn off Spring Mountain Road and then a quick right into CJ's lot and I had solved the problem of cooling off.  I had read the Yelp reviews and I decided to give the place a try.  So many choices.I found out that all the flavors of custard are made by flavoring vanilla custard with what you choose.  I opted for black raspberry.  It turned out that was one of the flavors "on tap" last night.  I went with that.  She asked me if I wanted any toppings.  I asked if they had any fruit.  She checked the cooler and showed me a container of fresh black raspberries.  That was fine with me so she added several raspberries to finish off the delight.I sat inside although it would have been pleasant outside.  I just didn't want to spend time listening to some overly active and loud children while I enjoyed my custard.The custard was great!  Now that I know how the gelati, concrete, and custards are made, I'll be stopping in again.  What a great place to stop when I'm coming back from a play in Chinatown.
2	Ducked in here for a little cooling off. Glad she gave me a few tasters before I jumped in with the Yelp deal. Wow this stuff is so sweet! And I mean waaaay too sweet. The Italian ice is like frozen sugar water with serious amounts of chemical food coloring. This is nothing like the real Italian ice you can get back east, from an Italian deli. Figures... Vegas....  I left with nada. CJ's - chemicals and sugar - definitely a no-go for me.
5	Ok so I went here on the direction of another yelper Wonder W....... Was her name. Based on my hate for another Italian ice place in town. She recommended this place. I have to say WOW great flavor, great verity, lots of seating inside and out. Unbelievable price value. The Italian ice is not icy and watery it's smooth almost like a sherbet but without the milk..... Except for the mint chocolate chip which has some custard in it and is flipping amazing. The owner deserves 5 stars for effort. His product is great, however I think his cherry is too sweet. I tasted just about every flavor due to his staff stuffing me with samples. I might not have bought a thing they fed me so much, till I noticed his take home pre made quarts. I grabbed 2 and received a punch card which I always lose and kind of hate that places do. But understand why they do it. Threw them in my freezer and forgot about them till about 2 hours ago. Well I opened one up, they call it Margarita, I loved it however I think it should be called lime. Anyway I opened it up and used an ice cream scoop to get it out............AMAZING. Scooped like soft serve great job CJs as for the custard. That's next time.
1	Sporting no known colours found in the natural world, I would pass on this place.(1)We walked into this place and it was virtually empty. We took a look around and saw what their product consisted of and I didn't want to really order anything. Seriously - neon coloured ices - is this for real?I tried some of the gelati flavours that were begrudgingly offered  by the girl behind the counter. Automatically, I knew that the flavours came from a flavour lab somewhere because it certainly did not taste at all like anything that came from an actual fruit. Hell, the colours don't even look like something that came from anything known to man. Neon blue raspberry... what the f&^k is this? Ugh!So my hubby gave me a look and asked me what we wanted to do. I shrugged. He basically ordered the strawberry concrete and we were on the way. FYI - I am an ice cream hound and will pretty much eat any kind of crap ice cream out there. Even the old dixie cups hold their own allure for me which I must confess is a guilty pleasure.But I couldn't have more than 1 bite of the custard because of how artificially sickeningly weird it tasted. It got way worse because as it was melting, it morphed  into this pale pink foamy stuff that resembled a cold runny marshmallow-y concoction which was obviously nothing dairy in origin. Hell, don't know what it was made of but it sure has hell ain't natural!My husband ate a little more but threw the rest when we filled up on gas at Costco. All he could say was "live and learn."I would pass on this place - it's not good... not good at all.
2	The place is neat & clean and the service is fine. I think the location is good and I commend the owner on completing the difficult task of opening your own business. The product was not my favorite as it was very very sweet. I ordered a watermelon ice and was disappointed that unlike other Italian ice chains, this product contained no real fruit. I spoke with the owner for several minutes. He is young and has some things to learn about business. Instead of hyping up his products, he proceeded to bash an alternate Italian ice company that just opened in Henderson. How silly. Someone in Henderson isn't competition to this place. That's so far away. He even arranged for some poor yelp reviews under silly aliases. It did not make sense. Italian ice is a product that's new to our valley. Anyone selling this delicious frozen treat shouldn't be bad mouthing other pioneers of a similar product line. He should spend more time building up his own new business and less time worrying about a business 20 or so mules away.
5	I can't imagine anything better.....The Cherry Ice is AMAZING! I stop by at least once a week and could care less about the health of an Italian Ice...it's a treat. Love Love Love!!!!
5	For all you people who need to learn what ice cream is and what custard is.              Ice cream -- By United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) standards, a food labeled "ice cream" should have at least 20 percent milk solids and 10 percent milk fat by weight. Premium brands are fattier, typically 14 to 18 percent. Both milk and cream are used. Sweeteners account for another 15 percent or so.Frozen custard -- A touch of egg yolk is what distinguishes frozen custard from commercial ice cream. Legally, custard only has to contain 1.4 percent egg yolk by weight, but some brands have more. The lecithin in the yolk is a natural emulsifier, imparting a richer, creamier texture.                                                                                   In closing one should know what they are eating. Ice cream is always great. Custard is always awesome. But they are both very different. The owner of CJ's owns a custard shop. It is ........ A little more sophisticated then ice cream and a little harded to appreciate if you never had it before. I read some reviews and it seems people think the Italian ice is gelati....,., it's not it's Italian ice. The ice cream substance is not gelati either it's custard. It becomes a gelati when the 2 are put together. Please enjoy your desserts responsibly people.
4	I returned last night with my Yelp Deals in hand and finally tried the Italian Ice. I sampled pistachio and chocolate and ultimately went with lemon. My fella and mom got pistachio and chocolate gelatis respectively. Definitely a fan, I'll be back for watermelon next time!
4	We've been here 3 times and enjoyed every visit , I've had the lemon , cherry , watermelon and cantaloupe flavored ice's. The  first couple times I just had the small ice's . Lemon was, well lemony and sweet not very tart ,but I don't really like tart so this worked for me. The cherry was also good ,but lemon win's for me.                        The 3rd time I went I figured out what a gelati is and oh boy ,winner!     The gelati is Italian ice and custard in one bowl , genius !! Not me ,but the person who invented gelati . I had the watermelon and cantaloupe ice w/ vanilla custard . The cantaloupe flavor was strong ,the watermelon was not as good ,but I'm a freak for watermelon so I enjoyed it.      It's been open for a few month's  and I just kept on driving by thinking it was some type of snow cone,  Duh! So past few weeks wife and I have been playing catch up and enjoying every spoonful !
4	The Italian ice and custards are delicious. My favorite is the custards simply because it taste like heaven in a cup. Just imagine the custards being like ice cream and served the same way if you were to get it out of the ice cream machine. However, instead of having the soft consistency of ice cream, the custards will be slightly thicker and richer. The custards here are extremely creamy with an aftertaste of the eggs they use to make it.. add the various flavorings and you have buttery goodness of all sorts (best way to describe it is like eating chilled butter in a cup.. that's how deliciously rich it is) Everyone has a favorite flavor so I'm not going to go into details on how each specific one taste. CJ's has over 30 different flavors and combinations you can mix and match from but I find that the standard vanilla and chocolate taste the best. You can watch them make it when you order and you'll notice that they actually use the vanilla custard as a base to add flavorings and mix to get your desired flavor. The standard custard  flavors itself is well balanced when it comes to sweetness, but in my opinion, the more uncommon flavors such as apple pie, etc is overly sweet and bluntly generic tasting. So keep that in mind when you order unusual flavors.. Just because they have it listed on the menu doesn't always mean it should be made... IMO, strawberry is the best one they have.
5	My husband from Philadelphia wanted to check this place out since he missed what he had back in Philly. Previous review that I saw on here which trashed this place seemed to not know what Italian water ice was. Italian water ice is completely different from Italian gelato. If anyone likes Rita's water ice, strongly recommended. Location is great since it's right by the park and we can grab wanter ice before we take the dogs to the park! My husband said that it tasted like Philly! I personally did not really know what to expect from this store but I really enjoyed it. I know this isn't the place to try something healthy. I enjoy something like this once in a while too!
4	A great find!It's close by so I decided to go with my bf to check the place out. I had a difficult time deciding what to get since there were so many choices. Italian ice, gelati, concrete, custards, malts and milkshakes, pretzels, etc! And they have a large variety of flavors. I went ahead and got myself a gelati (mango ice + vanilla custard) and he got a banana custard (weird, I know). The custard was so creamy and silky smooth. I was glad that the Italian ice actually tasted like the flavor that it says it was cuz it may easily become too sugary and artificial tasting - but it wasn't, so that's good. *been here a couple more times afterAnd I'll admit that some of their Italian ice flavors can be a little disappointing, but 8/10 of the flavors I've taste-tested were spot on so not a total fail. I have not yet tried their other menu items so I'll definitely try them next time I pay a visit.
5	The custard is delicious.  it is super creamy, and has that creamy custard taste.  This is what real custard should taste like.The italian ices are great.  I love how they are always changing the flavors, so there is always something new to try.  I have had many flavors and they are all good.  I almost always get a gellati which is the best of both worlds, custard and ice.  The staff is friendly and very nice.  They are always helpful and willing to give out samples.  The owner is super nice.  Its nice to walk into a place and be greeted by friendly and happy workers.
2	This place has potential...Went to check out this place with Pratik W. a few days ago cause it was in the neighborhood. We had living social deal, which is pretty the same thing as the Yelp! deal they have now.Walking in, the place was totally empty. Considering it was effing hot outside, I thought the place would be packed. I came in and told them that we had a living social deal and the two girls working there explained in long detail all the different stuff they had. Concretes seemed the same as any other custard place. The gellati from what it seemed like was just soft serve with a slurpee like frozen ice underneath. Unfortunately, according to the two working there, the our living social deal could really only get us a standard soft-serve custard (from the machines you pretty much see everywhere) or a gellati. We ended up going with some soft-serve. I was thinking about getting some mix-ins but each one was a dollar and was not under the deal... We were served large tubs of the soft serve. I was disappointed in the fact that there was so actual gelato here. The custard was good, a step-above what you get a dairy queen, but it wasn't even close to Luv-It's frozen custard. I would have been happier with some golden swirl.I couldn't help but laugh at the big cup of what is essentially soft-serve frozen yogurt we had. Realizing that I had  $10 credit, each one of our cups would have been $5 bucks each w/o the deal. Don't get me wrong, the 'custard' tasted good, but it was definitely wasn't 5 bucks good...The serving was huge and to be honest, I got tired of eating it. We ended up dumping about a third of our cups and headed out. The whole experience was "meh" I might return and get a concrete, but then again part of me figures that if I am gonna spend $6-7 on ice cream, id rather go to golden swirl or Luv-It.
1	Wish I had read the reviews before I bought the coupon on LivingSocial. Since I had already purchased the deal I went anyway and realized the reviews complaining of chemical flavors were correct. All of the Italian ice flavors tasted "off", nothing like real flavors or colors. I got plain custard and my friend got a gelati. He said the Italian ice didn't taste as bad when mixed with the custard. The custard didn't taste all that "real" either. We each ate about 10 bites of our food and pitched the rest. If you are the type of person that prefers "natural" food, then stay away from this place.
5	Place never seems to amaze me just had them set a party pack for me in pretty much with no notice. They had it ready to go and it went over like a hit. Just goth oneself a new set of fan based customers to follow
4	delicious
4	Pretty good stuff, My favorite is definitely the italian ice. I buy quarts at a time.
4	I came here on a Tuesday night with my family (6) and met up with 2. I got the yelp 5 for 10 deal. I ordered the mango, passion apple, and watermelon + custard.- Compared to great italian ice and custard in socal (Frostbite and Joe's Italian Ice), the taste is not as good. BUT!!! with the YELP deal, it just makes it sooo much better! CHEAP! :)- I usually get mango + passion fruit. They didn't have passion fruit but passion apple. lol- Don't get watermelon. It tastes like a laffy taffy!!! :(- Weird fluffy mess at the bottom... :(- Great place to hang out! Very friendly service. :)- Already filled up the stamp card in 1 night (5 stamps)! SCORE :)
2	Came here last week me and the BF craving custard and Italian Ice. The location is nice and convenient, service was great everyone was nice, but the Italian Ice was way too sweet and same with the custard we had only a couple bites and threw it out. Kind of waste of money. I wanted to enjoy it : /
3	This place was amazing! The custard was delicious and the Gelati was to die for! The only thing that sucked was the customer service. You can tell it was a slow day and the two workers didn't want to be there. They offered the customers behind us a punch card, but they didn't ask us. Super rude!
2	I'm definitely no expert when it comes to ice or custard but something just doesn't quite work right here. Being a huge fan of Rita's, my review is probably a little biased but I'll be as honest as possible.First off, the customer service here is pretty much non-existent. As we walked in, we looked across the menu for a few minutes and one of the employee's said "First time?" but nothing more. Even after telling her yes and that we were unfamiliar with the menu, she didn't offer any help, samples, suggestions or even say anything at all. We were also never offered the "punch card" I've read about either. Now, as far as the product goes it was "ok". I've been to Rita's a number of times and absolutely love the gelati so that's what I got here at CJ's. In my opinion, it just doesn't compare. The ice has an extremely "artificial" taste and I had the cherry ice which tasted like sno cone syrup. The custard was definitely creamy and the flavor wasn't bad but it had a very strong egg taste which threw me off. We also frequent Luv-It and the custard was no where near their offering. All in all it wasn't horrible, but it also wasn't great. Neither the custard or ice had natural taste or flavor that you can get at several other places in town.I'm on the edge about giving this place 3 stars cause there was a few things that I really did like about this place. The first thing was the amount of custard flavors they offer. There are ton of choices but one huge downfall is they don't allow you to use the flavored custard in a gelati. In terms of the gelati itself, one other thing that really stood out was the amount of custard they use. If you've ever been to Rita's you know that they use a very small amount of custard for the bottom section of the gelati but at CJ's, the custard to ice ratio is just right. And the last thing that I enjoyed was the amount of seating available. I hate to do it but I'm going to make another comparison to Rita's because they only have 1 bench and it sucks having to eat outside on the curb especially when you have a fairly large group. On the other hand, it's understandable considering the space they have to work with. I'm not a fan of making comparisons but when there are other places in town that offer the exact product with a much higher quality (in my opinion), it's hard not too. Having the Yelp "$5 for $10" was a nice way to try CJ's but I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon. The slightly further drive to Luv-It or Rita's is well worth it.
5	Growing up in the South, my favorite summer time treat was an snow-cone, my second favorite was the soft serve at DQ.  Now I've come full circle and found an all time new favorite, fine Italian ice with soft served custard.  CJ' s is just up the street from me, and it's very tempting everyday as I pass by.  The fruity flavors like cantaloupe and lemon are very sharp and fresh.  I love trying different combinations and to add a little bit more adventure, changing up the custard inside.I like the coconut and mango with vanilla custard and really loved it.  I haven't tried other Italian ice places, so I can only say, that I really like this place.  Definitely wanta try more.
5	The chocolate custard is amazing, though I didn't enjoy the Italian Ice nearly as much.  On my first visit the employees were very helpful in explaining the menu. We tried several samples of the Italian Ice. It has an interesting taste and texture, just isn't for me. The person I was with preferred the Ice to the custard. A large cup is about $5. Check Yelp deals for discounts, it can save you half. Coupon or not, the custard is rich, creamy and well worth the price. Beats any yogurt or ice cream in town! It should come with a surgeon general warning "May be habit forming." (I've been there 3 times now.)
4	My 2nd time here and i will come again. I came to redeem a free small ice that i got from them for giving my email address on my first visit. Then i loved the fact that there were new flavors than the last time. So on this deal i was able to get something for myself and for my kids. I am a fan! Better than the ice cream i was going to get at first.
1	This was terrible. The custard tastes so artificial I could barely eat two bites. The Italian ice was so artificial and sweet, it tasted like food coloring and ice. Barf.Luv It is still the best in town.
5	I'm no expert in Italian Ice or frozen custard but I do know what I like and this place is awesome! Ordered the gelati which is layered custard and Itlalian Ice. Beware the "regular" size is pretty big. I had the peach custard with watermelon ice. Perfect combination! My gf had vanilla custard and pistachio ice.They do rotate flavors. The second time we were there no watermelon! I had the vanilla custard and chocolate ice! Very good too! The ice flavors here are very good. And the frozen custard is well custardy? It's not like ice cream or soft serve you can actually taste the difference. And tell me it's not custardy!I should knock off a star  for having just one location! NOT!Service is good and next time in Vegas we'll be back!
3	I am a huge fan of Italian ice... when I saw the Yelp deal, I was all over it. I've had Italian ice in all parts of the east coast, and CJ's did not make the cut. I order both a gelati and Italian ice. My gelati consisted of pistachio cream ice and vanilla custard. I will say that if I was just reviewing the pistachio cream ice, it would receive 5 stars. It's amazing! No complaints. However, everything else I put in my mouth had entirely way too much sugar! My Italian ice had a mixture of mango and tangerine. There was no fruit bits, which you usually get in Italian ice. It was very artificial tasting, and sweet of course. The custard was simply forgettable.I definitely recommend Rita's in Green Valley over CJ's.
4	Mango my favorite flavor.  Today, I saw strawberry with chocolate and was tempted to try it with chocolate custard.  But since they had mango, I went with it.  I enjoy this cold sweet treat and am wondering how the winter is going to affect my desire for this wonderful treat.
5	Wow!  The custard is rich and sweet and the combination of a tangerine and vanilla in a gelati was the best take on a creamsicle I've ever had.  The staff is friendly and helpful! Highly recommend.
5	Best custard ever! Really a nice change from yogurt!
3	Got a cotton candy sorbet on top of vanilla custard with sprinkles. It was absolutely delish and not overly sweet. The custard was so nice and thick that I was afraid the plastic spoon they gave me would snap. The servers could be a little friendlier and less monotonous. They were helpful but gave me the impression that they just didn't want to be there. The store gives the ambience of a darker Baskin Robbins. For a nicer experience, my advice is to get your stuff to go and eat it at the nearby park.
5	I love CJ's Italian Ice.  Great sugary goodness in so many flavors! The service is fast and friendly and they have a "stamp" card that rewards regular customers.  Regular specials and on Fridays you get to spin a prize wheel with the purchase of a large ice or custard.  My 3 y/o daughter loves to draw on the walls with the dry erase markers.  A fun place to take the family for dessert.
5	Wow! O.M.G.!! The best soft serve type ice cream ever. I wish we had this in LA. The custard is smooth and velvety and oh so delicious! Try it!!!
3	Good Italian ice flavors but in terms of custard, I would stick to Luv-It or Nielsen's.  Definitely worth it if you had the $5 for $10 Yelp deal!  Mango and passion fruit were my favorite Italian ice flavors.  The custard is definitely thick and egg-y but not good as a stand alone custard.  I used the custard to give the Italian ice some richness.
5	Really good custard. Nice place.
3	This place was just okay to me. I got the watermelon ice with vanilla custard. The ice was too syrupy tasting and only somewhat tasted like watermelon, but the custard was good. Great idea, but just not for me.
1	The custard is too thick, and gluey.  I go to Henderson when I want frozen custard to Mr. D's on Eastern. It's fabulous.
5	Tangerine Italian ice and vanilla custard. ENOUGH SAID! Best dessert I've ever had. They call it the gelati and the combinations are endless. Friendly staff and delicious desserts, def recommend!
5	Creamy Custard Outstanding Italian Ice what a COOL place on a hot summer day
4	Soooo good!!  I had the Tangerine Ice with the Vanilla Custard.  SHEESH... kinda like a Creamscicle.
4	great service. Great smiles! Excellent custard
4	Great if you are craving some sweets and love family owned places!My best friend introduced me to this place and I love it. The owner was running the show and was super sweet and friendly. Had a good conversation with us while we sat there and ate our ice cream. The ice cream is great and they have two main types. The custard ice cream being my favorite because it qualms my sweet tooth and there are a load of toppings you can add on!It's not the best place, the Marble Slab still being my hands down favorite, but it is in a much better location, still great, and I love places where you can get to know the wonderful people who own it. Must go!
5	If your thinking about going to dairy queen think again.  This place has great custard as well as customer service, not to mention all the flavors of Italian Ice.  I will be visiting much more frequently now that summer is arriving.
5	Yummy Italian ice!
3	I was driving by with my wife and we decided to stop by and get some Italian Ice. We had never been to this place so the staff was extremely helpful in assisting us in placing an order. I figured I'd stick with something safe to see if it was spectacular or just ok. I ordered a root beer float and my wife ordered passion fruit and mango Italian Ice with no custard. While there we had to try the super hero name Ice and they were some great mixes I believe one of them was strawberry and coconut and I can't remember the rest. The root beer float was ok it was just a plain root beer float nothing spectacular and the same can be said for the Italian ice. The one thing that I do suggest is placing a trash can outside for those who choose to sit in the day light while having there ice so that they may have somewhere to throw their trash away rather then having to go back into the establishment.
5	If you're looking for authentic custard or Italian Ice, CJ's is the best place in Las Vegas!  It's old school approach to customer service is refreshing, the owner has been there every time we've been in.  Always clean, never a long wait, exceptional customer service.  A "Fargo's Favorite!"
4	Gah! I crave the brownie sundae everyday since I tried this place!The custard is really good- so creamy! The ice is pretty good too, but I have nothing to base it off of- and some of the flavors I have tried haven't been that great. But anyways, the custard is really good, and so is the ice (if you find a flavor you like). They have a ton of flavors you can get for your custard- what they do is use the vanilla base, and mix in some flavor. My favorite is the coconut custard, on top of the hot brownie sundae! AH! SO GOOD!The brownie sundae consists of: one hot brownie (frozen, then microwaved) with three swirls of custard (depending on the person you get, you can get three different flavors of custard) and each swirl is topped with their own sauce- peanut butter, marshmellow creme, and chocolate (you can change any of those to something else if you want) and finally whipped cream. This is by far my favorite thing here!I've tried three ices: coconut, cotton candy, and marshmellow creme- all were really good, but I advise that you try the flavor first before getting it, you might not like it (example, they have a Laffy Taffy Watermelon flavor that I thought I would like, tried it, and it does NOT taste like Laffy Taffy anything, or watermelon).My boyfriend gets the custard cannoli- it's a waffle cone in the shape of a cannoli shell, stuffed with custard, and topped with your choice of sauce and whipped cream. He was told that the only flavors of custard you could get with this is vanilla or chocolate, but they advertise one with blue custard...so I guess if you ask, and depending on the person you have there, you might be able to get a flavored custard.This place really does depend on the person you get to help you. Sometimes they make your item wrong, and sometimes they do not stamp your card, or even give you a card (hit five and you get a free item!) so that sucks.
4	I had 2 concretes made with the banana/vanilla swirl. It was very delicious and both of us enjoyed it. The service was extremely friendly, most importantly, and the place was clean!
4	Tried them at the Las Vegas Food Fest this past weekend. Very good ice which is hard to find in Las Vegas. I like the flavor selection as well, both the cherry and black cherry were great. I enjoyed the cherry pieces in the cherry ice. Have not yet tried the ice cream but that will be next on the list, too bad they are way across town.
5	Love, love, love, love, LOVE this place. Of the ice places I've been able to find in Vegas this is by far the best. The flavors change often and are always refreshing. The staff is amazing and always so helpful. I love that they have daily specials and that you can take quarts home for your freezer! Now that its getting hot out again this will for sure be a regular stop even though its out of my way! And I'm hoping to see the new bus around town more since I saw it at the foodie fest.
4	My son took me there on mothers day and they were very busy; I thought the watermelon with vanilla custard was very good, even better than the chocolate ice! Going back
5	Family favorite --- I love it! Either get the Captian America with Vanilla custard or the Tangerine with Vanilla custard. ALWAYS friendly service and a punch card so you get a free ice after so many visits. Glad they are in Vegas.. its so hot here we need CJS! :)
5	Went with my daughter me we got two concretes! The service was exceptional and extremely outgoing. I had the pistachio which was fabulous.
3	This was a very interesting place.  I liked the flavors and the way they make flavors but even though it was creamy and yummy, the flavor was definitely lacking.  It was very very light and needed more flavoring to the custard.  The italian ice was good but my first thought was that it was going to be more like shaved ice instead of more of a solid texture.  I only tasted it, my niece ordered the italian ice and the flavor was good though.  I would definitely go back and just ask for more flavoring added, and I liked their stamp card. The place was clean and very busy and that's always a great thing.
4	This place is fun.  I mean... it's a custard, gelato place.  But the lighting and colors and everything just exudes "fun".Tasty creations that you get to mix and match.  Part of the fun is mixing and matching..... so if you are the indecisive sort... this might not be the best place for you because the options are limitless (it seems).I usually share whatever "we" order... because the custard is rich and the toppings sweet... so I just need a few bites to satisfy my cravings.  In fact, I highly recommend sharing... that way you won't feel so guilty for indulging in this yum-o-licious treat.
3	This place is awesome! Smells of candy when you walk in. The custard is rich, and the ice is delish. But haven't found anything that competes with those Chy-town Italian ice vendors.
5	Delicious! Reminds me of home :)
5	Delicious!!!  The ice and custard is such a tasty combo!  So tasty that as I was eating my tangerine ice and vanilla custard, I was already thinking of what flavors I'm going to get on my next visit.  Definitely going back!  Have to... need to fill up my stamp card.
4	custard is very good but very filling. Lots of options which is nice.
4	A friend recommended we go here for desert and we're glad we tried it.  It was different.  A nice change from ice cream.  The employees were helpful in choosing a selection.  It could have been cleaner.
4	I loved it! Haven't really been to other Italian Ice or Custard places but speaking from my first time experience, it was delish!My boyfriend & I decided to try it out one random hot Sunday night. Had the Cotton Candy & Grape Italian Ice Combo. Usually Cotton Candy is too "Cotton Candy-y" but it wasn't like that at all, I liked it. The man tried a Gelati with this RedWhite&Blue Italian Ice (Forgot the name sorry!). He very much enjoyed the vanilla custard on the bottom and top of the Italian Ice. He tries to do that with an Icee at Sam's Club & they look at him all weird. Hahaha!Really liked it, good alternative to ice cream or frozen yogurt. I wish service was a little better for first timers. Recommendations & enthusiasm about the products would've been appreciated too since it was our first. But we just went with the flow and ordered what sounded good.
5	Excellent service from Sydney and Baylee! All three items were made perfectly and enjoyed! Thank you again
5	Great place to cool off!
5	My husband and I have been here a couple times. The custard and Italian ice is sooo good and the staff is super sweet. They closed at 10 and we rolled up around 10:15 and they still let us order and had a great attitude about it. This has become our go-to dessert spot. CJs is awesome!
2	I am a faithful Rita's customer, but I had a coupon for CJ's so I decided to give them a try.I was disappointed.One of the things I like about Rita's is that their slush flavors taste real and they incorporate real fruit into their slush. At CJ's, the flavors tasted very artificial in comparison. Secondly, I enjoy the icy texture of a slush, and CJ's slush has a weird creamy texture that turned me off. I didn't even finish it.I doubt I will go back, but next time I would try the custard and steer clear of the slush.
4	It was delicious!  Had the sundae... peanuts, cherries, hot fudge and the swirl custard.  YUM!
5	Soo good. I ordered the chocolate and rasberry  ice with vanilla custard. I need to go back soon.
4	Perfect treat for the family on a hot summer day!  I had the Mango Italian Ice with soft serve.  It's a huge portion so I got the kids size.  Taking a star away because I had to drive from the north side to get there.
5	Surprisingly very good! And this is considering the fact that I'm comparing it to Rita's... I absolutely love Rita's.The flavors are not artificial tasting, and the custard is delicious. Try the pumpkin custard!Ample parking in lot (located in small strip mall).  You will notice that they have a truck that you can have for special events, fundraisers, etc.Will definitely be back.
4	I went to this custard place to try it since I have heard good things. I tried the pumpkin custard. It was amazing! I also had some type of ice that an employee recommended. I didn't really like the ice but I think it had something to do with the flavor I picked. I'll have to give the ice another chance but the custard is definitely delicious and I will definitely be back!
5	We were told about this little gem by a local during our visit.   We stopped in to try it and it was wonderful!  Great ice and custard, nice atmosphere, super nice owner/staff and good prices.   Next time we get off the plane in Vegas we will be heading straight to CJs for a treat!
5	I used to go to Rita's until I discovered CJ's! The custard is amazing. If you are extremely hungry or want to share a delicious dish, try the brownie sundae. They switch up some of their flavors occasionally so seasonal flavors are always something to look forward to. The owner and employees are very friendly and do a great job.
4	So happy I finally checked this place out. I got a regular sized gelati with strawberry and vanilla custard. It was amazing and surprisingly a very good size for the price. Check in on yelp and get 10% off! Also, ask for a stamp card. You only need to fill up 5!!I was very happy with my visit here. The girl that helped me was really cheerful. She didn't try to rush me while I was checking out the flavors which is a huge plus. To be honest, with it being my first time going there, I was a little intimidated by not knowing what to order. I'm glad she made it a pleasant experience. I can't wait to come back!
5	Cj's Custard never fails to treat one's taste buds. Every time I have gone into CJ's the workers are friendly and very helpful. They can give you just the perfect combination to satisfy your sweet tooth! Overall great place, and an even better summer treat!
5	Just like Italian Ice back on the east coast!  We tried the lemon, mango, cherry & raspberry!  YUMMMM!  Thanks for bringing a bit of the east coast to the west coast!
4	I got the concrete which is basically vanilla or chocolate custard with your choice of a topping. If you want more there's a .50 cent charge for each extra topping. You also get a 10% discount when you check in here. I got vanilla custard with cookie dough. Their custard tastes so creamy and I loved every bite I took of it. It's also really thick which made me like it even more. Good treat overall!
4	Had a vanilla custard with cookie dough. It was really creamy and tasted pretty good. It didn't taste overly sweet and had a strong vanilla flavor. Make sure you check in before you order because they give you a discount.
4	The brownie sundae is amazing. A warm brownie, 3 scoops of ice cream and marshmallow sauce, peanut butter sauce and hot fudge (it also comes with whipped cream, but I'm not a fan of that). Oh. My. It's amazing. Rich, delicious, chocolatey. Definitely a once-in-a-while, special occasion sort of treat. But oh, it's good. I've also tried some of their Italian ice- I think it was called Captain America? It was red, white and blue. That was also quite delicious, if you're going for something fruity and not as rich. Can't wait to go back and try some other flavors.
5	What can I say about the heavenly concoctions that come out of this place? It's so good. My family just moved here and discovered it our first month here. We chose them because they're literally a mile from our home and I'm so glad we chose them!   So far, I've had their vanilla custard and their coconut Italian ice. They're heavenly! Their custard is thick, creamy, and so rich. And their Italian ice's texture kind of reminds me of a Popsicle meets an Icee, but so much more smooth. It's so delicious that my sister and I, who never spend our own money on food items, are more than willing to spend our own money on it every payday. If you're in for a ice cream or snow cone fix, go here. Their prices aren't bad and if you buy five of any item you get a sixth free, which we've already gotten.
5	Since its started warming up, I decided to try this place in hoped that it may be my summer go to spot ... and it will be. One, the service was amazing, I wish I could remember their names. They greeted me, I explained how I've never been their and they walked me through the flavors and what was popular. They didn't rush me and were very genuinely nice. Once I looked around a bit, I ended up getting a regular gelati, mango italian ice and vanilla custard, it tasted like orange sherbet when mixed together and was really good. Everything was perfect, the ice and custard were nice and fluffy but in a good way. Also a regular is more than enough for one person, its a pretty good amount I think. Overall, I think I found my new favorite place!
4	Something different!So I had seen a truck driving around town that had CJ custard on it and wasn't really sure what I was looking at. So I did some yelping slash googling around and found the store.So I've tried yoghurt, ice cream and slushie kinda drinks and snacks, so frozen custard was a nice little change.I grabbed a chocolate custard and lime ice for my first go around, as was the recommendation from the gentleman working there. Hey guess what it was tasty as hell!!!I for sure will becoming back here, service was great with a nice product.They also cater which maybe something that will be in my future
5	Today.....this is my second time in today....I had granny apple with caramel sauce. Incredible!!!
4	Two favs here are the blue raspberry and cherry Italian ice, and the root beer with vanilla custard gelati.
5	SOOOO love this place!!!  The staff are always so nice!  The flavors are always amazing!  And their prices are great too.  Plus you get the CJ's stamp card and get free one after purchasing 5.  If you are lucky enough to be there on a day they have pineapple or watermelon, you gotta try them both!!!  FANTASTIC!
5	Off the hook... This is the Italian ice that I grew up with back in Brooklyn new york...hands down the best Italian ice in Vegas no franchise in town can come close to CJ,s.. I'm a basic lemon and chocolate guy. The chocolate is delicious and lemon dosent have that acid after taste. ... The store itself is very clean and family friendly as is the owner....they have a Mobil truck and can come to your home for any event.. 5 thumbs up. Great Italian ice and they also have custom ice cream cakes for any occasion and custard to die for.......
4	We came in for Italian ice after a soccer game!! It was great and the people were nice. Limited seating together.
4	The vanilla custard is delicious. They have a wide variety of take out containers with Italian ice and custard flavors. I got the "concrete" which is custard with a mixture of toppings of your choice. Good place for kids and easy access off of Durango.
5	I love this place. The italian ice is so smooth and tasty. There are so many different flavors to try. My favorite is the custard. It's so creamy. I like spending a few minutes deciding which custard and italian ice combination to use for my gelati. They also have Quarts of gelati in the freezer with combinations already to help you out too. Overall a good summer treat for any age.
5	I tried a gelati with the mint chocolate chip and chocolate on top. I loved it! It's super rich though, do the small was definitely the right size to get. The price wasn't bad and the guys working there gave us samples and we're super nice! I will be back!
5	So yummy. I love CJ's. Baylee is a rock star. The employees here are always awesome. In my opinion they have the best custard.
5	I love this place!  Everyone is so friendly and their custard is delish!  I especially enjoy the custard sandwiches.  I think I'm officially addicted.
5	I love there Italian Ice.. picked up a couple for the 4th of july rain bow flavored and cherry flavored. ---Sooo good .. Italian Ice is worth a shot espic during heat !. I havent tried much else as of yet but I will try some next time and update but seriously the red white and blue italian ice crazy good -- do they have a orange flavored ice curious ?
5	Just recently stopped in and now I am completely hooked! They have an awesome quality and assortment and even have sugar and dairy free options! They have punch cards so you get a free product after you buy a certain amount. This is our new after school and summer place to go. Just a bonus that it is just down the street from our house.
5	Absolutely love this place. Reminds me of NY. My boyfriend and I fo here often and just love it! The staff is always super friendly.
4	I have been to many custard places but, with the addition of Italian ice which I am  a fan of, I gave it 4 stars. The custard is probably the best I've had. It's smooth and creamy with just enough mouth watering taste. The ice on the other hand is fluffed with goodness and taste but is a bit too sweet. A regular gelati is under 4 bucks which is reasonable, and the size is worth what you pay for. Since I've been coming here for the last 4 months there has been numerous changes in staff ... Maybe it doesn't matter but what does it say for employee satisfaction. The place is not always too packed  and we like eating outside anyway .I'm just here to help make this place known so everyone can enjoy  what we experience.
3	Recently fell in love with Italian ice at another chain in the area, decided to see how CJ's compares- cool to see that they offer grab and go options, and also have additional desserts in the form of ice cream sandwiches and customization options like specialized toppings and waffle bowls.Black cherry and chocolate ices are solid but I went with my favorite standby, root beer, which always tastes perfect when topped with custard. Here, they pack the cup with ice then top it with a tower of custard- a bit too much for my preferences, but good value at under $5 for a regular which was three servings for me.I prefer a smaller ratio of custard to my ice, but the custard here (vanilla) also had a weird metallic aftertaste that I wasn't fond of. Not sure if it's specific to the vanilla, something to do with the ice-and-custard flavors playing off of on another, or perhaps an issue with the machinery, but I'll be by to try again.
4	I have a new love for italian ice because of this place. They add a bit too much custard to their cups but nonetheless still delicious. I get the tangerine ice with vanilla custard for a creamsicle taste, and it was great.
3	Not a huge fan of Italian ice, but I absolutely love custard! I love the texture, and it's the perfect dessert for a day spent at the park across the street.I've had their custard in numerous flavors, but I especially loved when they had pumpkin in the fall. If you are into the Italian ice, feel free to ask for samples. They have plenty of flavors! I also find that the smaller sizes they offer are large enough.The employees can be friendly, but sometimes the tables aren't wiped clean... Other than that, CJ's is a good choice to have a treat!
4	I enjoyed the frozen custard I had the regular  cup with vanilla and banana mix. It was very creamy and smooth texture. No complaints from me it was just what I was looking for after dining at Pan Asian few blocks up. I thought the price was good also $3.75 for the regular cup. Way enough for me
4	Solid four star dessert place! However, do not make the mistakes I did!I went here because I like Rita's iron the east coast, and they're basically the exact same place. I got gelati's at Rita's which is basically Italian ice sandwiched by what they call "custard" which is basically a very rich delicious soft serve. When going to CJs, I was hoping for the same delicious custard, and man did they deliver! However, I got a gelati, and the Italian ice was good but not great. My girlfriend did the right thing... She got what they call a "concrete" which is just custard and you can mix things in, basically an upgraded McFlurry! She got vanilla with caramel and Oreo pieces mixed in... And it was to die for!Also they have pints in the refrigerator with UNBELIEVABLE flavors! At between like 6-8 dollars for the pint (or was it quart?), it actually would have made more sense for us to get the unbelievable flavored custards and just split it. That's what we will do in the future :)
5	Loved it will definitely will be back
5	Okay.. so I've been looking for a place like Rita's on my new side of town (Spring Valley) and my husband and I tried out this gem tonight. While I must say that I am a little thrown by the pink gorilla mascot.. this place is amazing. Ordered a mango ice and vanilla custard gelati which is a perfect blend of creamy and tart, and my husband got a peanut butter chocolate shake.. we also decided to take home a quart of the Oreo marshmallow custard (eep! Can't wait!). The total was around $17 which I thought was totally fair. Portions were maybe a little small, but honestly I could not handle more than the "regular" size, it was a perfect after dinner dessert. I have a feeling our freezer will be stocked up with their many custard and italian ice flavors in no time.
5	CJ's takes me back to Jersey days with every bite.  The Italian ice really delivers flavor.  This may sound childish, but I'm attracted to any flavors that make my tongue change colors- captain america, the hulk, etc.  They taste awesome!  If you're not into that kind of stuff, the gelatis will also serve you justice!  The thick and smooth custard complement their ice so well!  Great treat at any time!
5	Went here a while back great place great staff met the owner nice people.  Alot of variety interesting choices. I Would recommend if you are in the area.
3	I really love a good chocolate custard with Butterfinger crumbles and needed to fulfill a craving last night. Now, if you've ever been to Yogurt Beach in Reno, you know quality chocolate custard... They could teach CJ a thing or two! CJ's chocolate custard is creamy, but lacks flavor! I couldn't tell I was eating chocolate because it tasted like vanilla. They make a good waffle cone, but I don't recommend toppings; they spill everywhere. I'd like to try the Italian ice combo (Italian ice with vanilla custard) next time, only because it's their specialty.
3	Now I never can say no to custard. This custard was very good but nothing about the added ingrediants stood out. The concrete was still delicious and recommended. I'll be back to try the Italian Ice another time. Since I love custard this place will do since I live close by but if I had the choice I would still go to my favorite place in Henderson/Green Valley.
