4	I'm elated to see a Puck concept make it to Charlotte! As a long time restaurant-goer of his, it's nice to see an original concept born in the Queen City. Tucked nicely next to The Palm and the Hampton Inn in Phillips Place, Pizza | Bar is ideal for those in town on business, or pleasure for that matter. The hours only cater to the dinner crowd thus far opening at 5pm and being open late. Even later on the weekends. Perfect for an early dinner after work! My wife and I ventured in for a 5:30pm reservation. It was perfect! First, the interior is a sight to see. Festooned with odd glass bottles, light fixtures, wine bottles and stacked, aged wood surrounding the bar and the outer walls. Very modern, warm and cozy. The serving staff are all wearing jeans and Chuck Taylors. Let me just say that this is a big win for Puck's appeal. No stuffy wait staff dressed to the 9's. Even the management for the kitchen and FOH are wearing sport coats and jeans. Makes you feel ok for dressing down a bit. Onward to the meal! Our server was great. He introduced the drink menu strategically and we had to oblige. My wife got the Limonata. Let's be honest. That was lemonade and there was no liquor in it. (It was THAT good). I got the Claiche Ginger. I'm not mixed drink savvy, but our server turned me into a believer! I may have just found my mixed drink of choice. Caliche rum, Canton ginger and lemon. So good. Apps: Roasted Tomato Soup. Holy cow. I don't care how hot it is outside, this is worth the venture. Creamy, roasty, savory tomato soup with a hint of onion and garlic. Finishes with a little kick. Each spoonful was smooth. The goat cheese crostini that came with was beyond comparison to anything else I've ever had served with soup. GRILLED with a generous slathering of goat cheese. Can I have like 12 of those to go, please? Calamari. Perfect. Fried lightly, good mix of baby squid and regular rings and served with the best pepperoncini aioli I've ever had. I'd put it on just about anything. Entree:We shared the Roasted Wild Mushroom pizza. (Great for a table of 2)Side note: So nice to hear of a pizza place in town doing a ferment with their dough. Theirs is a 7-day ferment so the flavor is outrageous. Somewhat sour with perfect texture. The crust was burnt in places and done SO well. I'm a firm believer in a well-done oven-fired pizza. Great to see they are using an open flame pizza oven. The trumpet mushrooms and truffle oil sing foreground on your palate and finishes nicely with a tasteful burn from the crust. I'd get this every time. The only qualm I have is with the salt factor. A little generous in places, but overall, nicely done. The mix of mozz and robiola cheese was very nice. Reminiscent of cream cheese and goat cheese mixed. Stringy and balanced well. Dessert: Gelato. Holy cow. Vanilla and chocolate were the choices for our visit. Served in a bowl and ice cold. Nicely creamy and balanced well with house-made whipped cream and fresh raspberries. Dessert isn't always a must for each of our dinner outings, but I'm happy to say this is worth your expense. Some of the best gelato I've had or my wife has had in Charlotte thus far. Prices range from about $10-$15 per person. Very, very reasonable for the name of "Wolfgang Puck" on your ticket. I would give Pizza | Bar a solid 4.5 of 5 if I could. The GM was very kind and came over to our table to chat and hear about our meal. He was very gracious and kind as we left our table as well. Make your reservation on OpenTable in the coming weeks! These guys have only been open for about a week and they are doing a fantastic job. Cheers and welcome to the Queen City, Wolf!
3	Another well-known chef comes to town with a concept restaurant that angles for a specific niche in order to strike a chord with local diners.  Pizza Bar aims for the informal crowd with a mix of pizzas, pastas, and a smattering of entree meals to satisfy a diverse mix of folks.  Food quality and execution is quite good, but a current handful of service missteps keep this Puck from scoring a hat trick.Interior is a mix of slatted dark woods, crates, and lots of glass.  It feels something like an old barn, an impression reinforced by the blue gingham shirts worn by servers.  Is this a trend now, since e2 uses red gingham?  My dining companion thought  the place had the feel of a Carolina Country Barbecue, slightly gentrified, and I agree.  Combined with high ceilings and rather loud background music, the ambient noise volume inside is loud and makes for difficult cross table conversation or communication with a soft-spoken server.  Overall jarring.Beverages at Pizza Bar cover the gamut from some well put together cocktails to an intelligent wine list that breaks things down according to taste profile.  Several microbrews are available on tap and there are a handful of choices by the bottle as well.  One misstep, wine glasses are nearly indistinguishable from water glasses, especially in the low light.  Both are going for a "sawed off" wine bottle look with a punt in the bottom and slender, untapered look on top.  This is fine for water, but greatly cheapens and degrades the $10-15 pouring of wine in your other glass.  Not only does this put your hands around the juice (so much for that cold chardonnay) but also prevents any type of swirling or development of the nose of the product.  No problem for table wine, but not good for the up market offerings on the wine list.  Food, though, is the focus here and surely shines.  The spotlight is on the pizzas, proudly given top billing in the middle of the menu.  This is no make-your-own with monster slices good for sharing with the whole family.  This is an artisan dough that has a very developed flavor for the crust and is topped with an epicurean mix of ingredients to delight your palette.  From truffle oil and mushrooms to pancetta with chilies and roasted tomatoes.  You can get still more adventurous here: smoked salmon with dill, rock shrimp in chimichurri sauce or lamb sausage with goat cheese and eggplant.  Our tables' pizzas were all very well crafted and the flavors brimmed over the edges of a delightful crust that included a nice bit of char from the wood-burning pizza oven.  I've not yet tried the pastas or the entrees.  Most looked pretty traditional, obviously playing second fiddle to the pies, though there were a number of salads that offer some lighter fare to compliment the hardier 'zas.  At near-entree prices, however, they are not necessarily aiming for side offerings so much as outright meals.The hostess station is also in need of some more practice.  Despite a reservation made days in advance, my party of 4 still waited nearly 20 minutes to be seated.  That's inconsiderate, especially since patrons without reservations were being quoted wait times of over one hour.  Strangely, though, my table stared at a couple open booths during the majority of our meal.  Clearly there are pacing issues here.  Our server also needed a bit of help, even though order delivery and table clearing is done via a "team swarm" method that is expedient and speedy.  Speed kills, however, as our server lost one of my table companion's left-over pizza meant for a take-home to the fam.  It got lost in the shuffle and presumably thrown away.  He promptly (and properly) ordered to make a fresh one, but having to wait again was not in the cards for us this night.  I'll return for the pizza alone, but I'll also avoid the wine and hope for an outdoor table on a less-crowded night.  More craft pizza is definitely welcome in Charlotte, but these service hiccups are distractions that need some time to work out.
5	Don't judge this WP by the WPs you see at the airport. Don't judge this WP by his line of foods at the grocery store.  This just be my go-to for a more upscale pizza experience.  (I mean come on...our server told us the dough is fermented for a week before it goes on to step two.  It's gotta be special.) Pizza joints are good for different reasons.  There are times I like a good NY style floppy piece.  There are times I like to make my own with different toppings. Heck.  Sometimes all you need is a hot n' fresh pie for $5 at Little Caesars! (Well, they may be 6 bucks now...)Anyway. You'll find WP at the end of Phillips Place closest to the hotel, across from the Palm.  On this visit, my husband and I were impressed by the multiple waitstaff who catered to us, even though it was relatively busy. We must've had four different runners in addition to our main server, who was not only sweet, but knowledgable about the food.  (She told me she's tried the menu, which is a HUGE deal to me...how can you have a server who hasn't experienced the food?)Here's the food rundown:1. Roasted Baby Beets Salad: Can't go wrong. Marcona almonds, grapefruit, arugula, nice yellow and red beets and goat cheese.  Sounds standard, but very nice if you're a beet salad fan. 2. BBQ Chicken Pizza: I KNOW.  Why order this when you can get it everywhere.  Well, that's the point! The dough truly is spectacular. I mean crispy crunchy no black burnt spots, light and moist at the same time. I really can't describe it.  What I also loved is NO SOGGINESS! The crust isn't dusted with annoying cornmeal either.  The onions truly were caramelized, and just enough BBQ sauce.  Again, this blows the airport WP outta the water! 3. Sweet Fennel Sausage and Ricotta: ditto the above...except with really lovely house made sausage and ricotta. Perfect sauce to cheese ratio...won't make you feel ill after consumption. 4. Strawberry Rhubarb Cobbler: Lovely with a quenelle of gelato.  The rhubarb chunks were kind of too big for my taste, but the cobbler portion with candied ginger, nice touch.  5. Teas come in a pot...one pot is enough for two people IMO. Can't wait to try more WP menu items! The pizzas are reasonable too.  I think ours were like 11 and 12 bucks.  They do carry-out too, which will be dangerous since we don't like far.  My new fave gourmet pizza in CLT...and honestly, on my top 5 list in the country so far. PS: There are TVs at the bar.  Small note, but important for sports fans!
4	Nettes Restaurant mit guten Pizzen, richtigem Bier und freundlichen Bedienungen. Neben Pizza gibt's auch Pasta, Sandwich, Steaks und Salate. Es ist nicht der typische amerikanische Fastfood Kram, sondern handgemachtes gutes Essen. Sehr zu empfehlen.
5	This place is really a 4.5/5, but that's just because of slightly rushed service (I went on a Friday night, so I'm not surprised the waiter wanted table turnaround!). Anyway, this place is my new favorite pizza spot in Charlotte! I went with 7 others and we ordered a few appetizers and pizzas to share. Let's see...Appetizers: Meatballs - Delicious, moist, great sauce. Definitely would order again.Mussels - ehh...okay, but a huge portion.Beet salad - Amazing and not a skimpy serving of red and yellow beets.Proscuitto platter - Also delicious; very fresh ingredients and the buratta was AMAAAAAZING.Pizzas:We tried the Wild Mushroom, Proscuitto (my favorite), Pancetta, and Lamb Sausage pies. All were amazing. The crust is thin and light below the toppings, but substantial on the end. It's cooked in a wood fire oven (I think?), so it has that amazing, crunchy texture.I can't wait to go back to Wolfgang's - it's a great spot for lunch or dinner, and definitely has something on the menu for everyone. Yummmmmm!!!
3	I hadn't realized that Wolfgang Puck was opening a location in Southpark until a friend mentioned trying it before going to a movie at Phillips Place. Parking can be a bit tough on a busy weekend night, but once inside, the restaurant is inviting and low key with servers wearing checked shirts and Converse shoes. This is not a fancy place, but not somewhere to show up in your gym clothes. Wait staff seems to share the tables, so be prepared for multiple faces throughout your meal. The four of us decided to start with a couple of appetizers and split some pizza in order to try out a few options. The garlic and white bean hummus was very good, but be sure to just order up additional toast points from the start as you'll definitely need them. We also had the calamari, which I was not a huge fan of in comparison to Cowfish, Fleming's or Capital Grille. All in all, I wouldn't order it again; the pepperoncini aioli dipping sauce was not to my taste at all. In terms of pizza, we tried the pepperoni, margherita and chicken & broccolini options, all of which I'd give 3/5 stars. In the end, Wolfgang Puck seems to be trying to walk the line of being a semi-fancy restaurant with a low key menu, and I'm not sure they succeeded. Maybe once they work out some of the kinks it'll be more on par with what I was expecting. I will have to try it out again in a few months to see.
5	This place is great!  It's not at all how I envisioned it looking and I'm glad about that - the interior is really cool (great bar) and there is a nice patio as well.  The service was great and the food exceeded my expectations.  I got the roasted beet salad with goat cheese and these spanish almonds that I need to order online somehow, and the salmon with a panzanella salad (this was the special for the day) and both were delicious.  I tried the chicken and broccolini pizza which was really good, but will try the spicy rock shrimp one next time.  My favorite thing was the chicken meatballs - doesn't sound really appealing but they're in an al forno sauce (tomato sauce and herbs - tons of flavor) and I hoovered at least 4 of them.  It's great if you have kids, but also want a dinner that is a bit more refined than the average pizza joint.  I thought it was very reasonably priced for the quality of food we ate as well.
4	WP Pizza Bar is a cozy and warm environment. The service was good overall.My dinner companion ordered the Argentinean Malbec wine in a carafe. It was good, but felt the the carafe was a bit small. I ordered the Agento Margarita made with Patron Silver Tequila, Luxardo Tripel, and lime for $10. It was in a small glass and didn't seem worth it. They brought out Crispy Bread sticks. Interesting.We started with the Crispy Potatoes. They were good but could have been seasoned a bit more.  For our pizzas, we ordered the Barbeque chicken and the Roasted Eggplant. Both were delicious! We especially liked the crust. It was tasty and the right thickness, which was reminiscent of Naan. The roasted eggplant was pureed and used as the sauce. I had them add spinach, which was a nice touch! They brought out dishes of Parmesan and red pepper flakes. The red pepper flakes added a nice kick! We both had half of our pizza left, so we took it with us.Then we ordered the Lemon Sorbet and shared. WOW! What an excellent palate cleanser and great way to end the dinner!
2	Disappointing bar service with little to no interaction with bar patrons.  I actually feel bad writing my review as it seems so many others had great experiences.  However, the staff behind the bar were more interested in their own conversations with each other than their customers.  I know all about one bartenders long distance relationship through the lengthy conversation being had with a co-worker.  You are greeted the second you walk in but the assumption seemed to be that you have been there before, even though they have only been open a little more than two months.The food was good but I can't say that it was so outstanding that competitors should be worried.The general decor and atmosphere is amazing.  Clean, Contemporary, and Cozy.I will give it another try based on others experiences.  I might have gone on a difficult night.
3	I Have been here a few times now and I would say this place is pretty good! I think our first time here was a lot better then my last few. First time we were super impressed with everything i couldn't wait to come back so we were back a week later!! The Calamari the first time was great the two times after it has been soggy and not as good not sure what changed. The salad that had banana pepper's and prosciutto and artichokes was great but now taken off the menu and the chopped salad they replaced it with was ok but the when we received it they forgot to put the meat on it and included onions when we asked not to have them they sent out another one this time correct but it was just alright. We did have the Corn soup and that was very good!! We had a Potato and Egg pizza on the last trip and that was not good the potato on it was not cooked all the way so they were hard to eat and the egg was cold. I have had the Broccolini and Chicken pizza which was great, the Lamb one also pretty good and the meatball which was also great so I will not order the potato one again no biggy!! I would say what has also changed in my experiences is the service- while the servers are nice they are not very attentive and don't pay attention to detail very well- we had the margaritas they have on the cocktail menu which are Great we had a few at the bar and then when we sat we ordered another round the server came out with a completely different glass and straight up not on the rox- umm what are these we asked and he was like um your margaritas I think- we were all just looking at each other confused why are these so different from what we got at the bar and why didn't the server catch it until we had to ask about it- Fine we said well just pour them over our ice in the old glasses. Then on my last visit we sat at the bar now they were pretty busy but had 3 of them behind the bar so we get helped and they make my margarita the right way and then they mess up my BF's cocktail we both watched her make it and she completely forgot a step that's fine but it made all the difference in the drink and we had to wait to get her attention again in order for her to fix it. It was kinda like that all night though our drinks would stay empty for long periods of time and the service was very spotty. I will go one more time and hopefully it will be better otherwise I cant see myself going again consistency is key from service to the food and beverages!
5	My group arrived last night to find Wolfgang Puck very busy. At first we were told it would be 8:30 or so before they could seat us. But then the manager asked us to wait a minute, "let me see what I can work out." At that point someone went across the courtyard to The Palm and borrowed 6 chairs! We were seated outside and proceeded to have a very nice dinner. Kudos to Wolfgang Puck for ingenuity and kudos to The Palm for being a really good neighbor.The menu - interesting and different, the food - great quality and the service attentive in spite of the large crowd. I will return.
5	The only "con" I may point out about this place is naming it a pizza bar because it is far more than just cheesy crusts! The name doesn't do it justice, as I have nothing but wonderful experiences every time I've wined and dined. As a wine lover, I have found myself loving a glass of their house Wolfgang Chardonnay. For $6 bucks a glass, you cant go wrong. The bartenders are always friendly and super-attentive. Great qualities to have behind the bar. They offer an awesome selection of apps, gourmet salads and seasonally fresh entrees to choose from. The rosemary chicken dish was amazing as well as was the cup of roasted corn chowder. Ok...though I personally wish they'd left off the " pizza" in pizza bar, their dough is certainly noteworthy. The pizzas are of great quality. Cooked to a perfect temperature, crunch and texture, they resemble dishes seen on the Food Network channel. Yes, they're that unique and good-looking. Such combinations as fried egg and potato as toppings to the traditional Margarita, there is a pie to meet anyone's taste! Always a good time at Wolfgang!
5	Hidden behind the street-view shops in the back corner of Phillips Place, WP has graced CLT with a new concept that seems to be hitting all the right notes.The concept: a casual Napa Valley-inspired pizza bistro and bar with Wolfgang Puck's meticulous attention to detail. Cloaked in dark, raw wood and plenty of wrought iron, it feels like a piece of Cali right here in the QC. The expansive bar greets you at the door, and the patio is very low-key and intimate. The staff is very welcoming and professional, in a casual and non-pretentious way, making for a great experience. Even as walk-ins on a Saturday night, we were seated in under 5 minutes.Being "Pizza Bar", that's clearly the star of the menu. Deliciously crispy brick-oven creations with a gourmet touch. We started with the garlic rolls (baked in the cast iron pan they are served in...I'm starting to get into pot-baked breads, so this made my day) with chunks of roasted garlic. All pizzas are personal sized, and incredibly priced for a Puck experience. We ordered the chicken and broccoli and pepperoni pomodoro, the true test of a pizza place. We were wow-ed by the flavor and quality.For those not as interested in pizza, there are also salads, sandwiches, and a few heavier plates (ie - steak). A welcome addition to the Charlotte restaurant scene that I'm sure I will be patronizing again (and again).
4	This past Wednesday as we were walking around Philip's Place I noticed a new restaurant across from the Palm and we decided to check it out. I'm glad that we did. We were seated in the bar area with a nice view of the fountain and to our surprise we had not one, but two servers, as one was in training. Stefan and Michael were extremely friendly and very helpful as it was our first visit. We ordered the chicken meatballs and a few salads along with some wine to start the evening off and we were not disappointed, the meatballs were tasty and the salads were crisp with great homemade dressing.For dinner I went with the Scottish Salmon and my wife chose the Market Special, fresh shrimp over polenta with a marsala sauce, both were entrees that the server trainee suggested and we loved them. We didn't have time for desert, although it was suggetsed and sounded great, maybe next visit.
4	We have been here 4-5 times, keep forgetting to review.  Went with a party of 7 that included our 3 teenage grand daughters.  Needless to say everyone loved it.  The adults with their cocktails and the younger ones with their pizza and pasta choices; all of which were nicely done.  Have not had a poor meal here yet, and I hope it continues. Our server was excellent, very personable and extremely helpful with suggestions. The corn soup is decadent-sooooo good. Wine list for me is the only weak point, what is reasonably priced isn't very good.  Can't wait to try them for lunch.  An aside- the name Pizza Bar  grossly understates what is offered.We were dining on 721/2012.
4	The wife and I dropped by Wolfgang Puck Pizza Bar with another couple after a movie at the Phillips place theatre.  Having been to a few other Puck restaurants in the past, I was expecting great food and the Pizza Bar did not disappoint.  I had the classic smoked salmon pizza and the wife got the mushroom pizza and both were delicious.  The mushroom blend was just the way I like it with all kinds of earthy flavors from the variety of mushrooms used.  The smoked salmon pie was a little rich in flavor, so needless to say that I left the restaurant very full.  Our friends split a salad and a pizza and enjoyed their food as well.  The beer selection was decent with mostly local brews on tap.I had heard that they were open late and the place was pretty full at around 10pm when we showed up, but it was pretty empty when we left between 11:30 and 12.  The service was good overall, attentive mostly, but there was an odd moment when I ordered my smoked salmon pizza and our server had to insist several times that the smoked salmon was raw and not cooked.  I assured her that it was fine, but it still made for an awkward moment.  Nevertheless, we will return to venture into other parts of the menu soon.
4	My wife and I come here often. She's partial to the wild mushroom pizza. I like to mix it up a little bit more and try different pizzas or even the pastas. It's a fun, casual place for dinner. The waitstaff is really friendly and laid back. The prices are very reasonable for food and for adult beverages. They have a couple of big screens to watch games and have the right atmosphere for hanging out too. I'm a fan.
2	Very very noisy on a Saturday night. Limited menu, but reasonable prices. The food is just average. There are many better locations nearby.
5	Being that this is a pizza bar, I probably should have tried the pizza.  But I tried the Gemelli.  The pasta is really fresh and done right.  The pasta reminds me of my summer in Italy. No boxed pasta, fresh, hand-made pasta is the best. And this place definitely makes fresh pasta.  The beer selection and drinks are also good. This place is worth giving it a shot.
3	After shopping at the Southpark mall Friday afternoon, we decided to stop by for another visit and to our surprise Wolfgang Puck himself was actually at the restaurant.It was pretty interesting to see him interacting with guests and staff members, he actually said hello to my wife and I and seemed incredibly down to earth. Unfortunately, I think his presence made the staff a little "star struck" as it took quite a while for any of the bartenders to acknowledge us and once they did, they seemed to be in slow motion, they were nice but didn't seem to be too focused on guests.The food was still very good, although it seemed to take a little long to get it to us. We started with hummus which was excellent, some of the best that I've had in a while. We both opted for for pizza's I chose the pepperoni pomodoro and my wife had the roasted eggplant, both were excellent, the crust is very flavorful and cooked nice and crispy like I like it. They also have a good draft beer selection and the atmosphere is very comfortable and inviting. We will be back and hopefully the service will be on par with what you would expect without the distraction of having a celebrity who is the owner in the building.
2	I had lunch at the bar this week.  the service was horrible, she had a major atttitude, and only smiled when she delivred the check.  I ordered ice tea, had to ask for sweetner,  had to stir the sweetner with my fork.  I enjoyed the soup and sandwhich, as the procuitto was delicious,  the whole experience could have been better had the bartender been the slighest bit nice and friendly.This was my 5th time to the resturant,  will definetly go back, but will avoid the blonde bar tender at all cost.  Table service is always friendly and helpful....She needs to go away......
4	A terrific addition to the plethora of dining choices at Phillips Place. The Mr. and I popped in to try it out the first week they were open. Pre-grand opening and we were pleasantly surprised. Having had limited experience with a Wolfgang Puck concept (i.e. going to the WP Express in the Promenade once before it closed), I wasn't sure what to expect. I imagined something more fine dining, which isn't exactly my  beat. Fortunately, I was set at ease immediately by the attire of the staff -- nothing says, "Take a load off, Annie" like Chuck Taylors, blue checkered shirts, and jeans. I was also amazed at the attentiveness of the management staff. They were quick to find us (it was a slow evening), introduce themselves, and offer fabulous service. The food was good....not great, but it was clear that they were still fine tuning the selections available. I had a delicious wild mushroom pizza that was pretty good, except it was overly salty. An easy fix for next time. The same pizza exists in a slightly different iteration on the current menu, and it has improved from a salinity standpoint. Definitely a one-person pizza, as are all the pie menu items. I'd recommend ordering a couple and sharing, so you can experience all the flavors available. I hear some of the meat-laden varieties are delectable.A lighter, and happily vegetarian option is the beet salad, which I would never have ordered until a friend ordered it and I found myself hogging the plate. Served with plentiful goat cheese, arugula and blissful marcona almonds, you really can't go wrong on this one. It's now my go-to for a veggie-friendly entree. I also love the breadsticks, which have continued to improve over the past few months, growing both taller and fatter, much to my delight.Another clear winner is the cocktail menu. I could unapologetically sip on Lemonatas all night long, but I end up limiting myself to 2...largely due to the hefty cocktail prices and the fact that I'm a total lightweight.Dessert is a qualm of mine, which is one reason why I can't manage to give 5 stars. It's just not the perfect, sweet punctuation to the meal. There are some good choices, and some mopey mediocre ones. If you must tack on a dessert to your meal, try the soda shop sampler, which offers gelato, small sugar encrusted doughnuts and an espresso milkshake. I don't know why they're still pushing other options. It's by far the best.I appreciate this place, and go often, for a dependable cocktail and tasty dinner. It's by no means a WP flagship, but it's an accessible concept for people wanting a gourmet inspired pizza dinner or lunch in the SouthPark area. **I also hear great things about the chicken entree. It's apparently the favorite among the kitchen staff. At a $20+ price, it had better be amazing!
2	The atmosphere was great and very energetic. The waitress was new or at least it seemed like it. She had a difficult time with the menu items and was late with refills however she was very friendly and her attitude was great. I had the sausage pizza and it was very disappointing. The crust ends were burnt and the bottom crust was very thin and very soggy. It was so soggy that you couldn't even fold it. It just fell apart like a wet paper towel. My wife had the fennel sausage pasta. The pasta was tasty and we both loved the thin breadsticks. Overall for the money and the Wolfgang name and being a Phillips Place restaurant, it was a bit disappointing especially for the money. Our dinner was $41 including tax and tip. For that price there are way too many choices around Southpark for me to make a return trip (unless someone else is buying LOL)
4	Loved it! Great atmosphere and rustic look! Service was just ok, but food was awesome! I had the baby greens salad and my husband had the spinach with smoked mozzarella salad. Mine was simple but full of flavor with a light lemon champagne dressing! My husband's salad was good although he said there was only one fried potato on it.I ordered the Provencal pizza because it was different. I love fennel and when I saw it had grilled fennel, I had to try it! Also had pesto, roasted peppers (I think), nicoise olives . . . Delish and unique! Was tempted to get the roasted eggplant pizza but think I'll try it next time!  My husband got the BBQ Chicken pizza. Although good, he preferred mine.Will definitely be back! Especially to take advantage of Tuesdays half priced wine!
4	Pizzas were awesome.  French fries were delicious.  Skip the desserts.  Martini glass came half full!  Service was very good.
4	If you are looking for a little bit 'nicer' place for great pizza, this is your spot.  Be prepared to pay for it though.While I would still tip my hat to full on flavor and freshness for the value to places like Mellow Mushroom, this is a great break from the norm for a bit nicer meal with your special someone.  We had the San Daniele Prosciutto app ($15) (burrata cheese, arugula, basil, aged balsamic (this one also had some fresh cantelope)) and it was fantastic!  We also ordered the Isole e Olena Sangiovese ($55) which was definitely overpriced for the taste.  I would recommend the Ciacci Sangiovese which is almost half the price and has better flavor.  The pizza was full of flavor and was thinner than I had expected.  It held together nicely and they were generous with the toppings.  We shared the Roasted Wild Mushroom which has spinach, robiola cheese, mozz and truffle oil.  It was delicious but I would recommend 2 pizzas if you are hungry.  They are full portion for 1 or you can share as we did, if you are having apps and dessert.My bride ordered the Chocolate Cake and coffee with Baileys and I ordered the Fresh Berry Cobbler.  This course was a waste and I would recommend sticking to apps and pizza and maybe walking down to Dean & Deluca for a good dessert.  I think the desserts+coffees with one shot of Baileys was around $30.  The total bill was $121 + tip.  I would be choosier with the order next time because while it was fantastic, you could still have a great meal and dodge some of the expense.  For that amount of money, there are nicer meals you could enjoy in Charlotte.  We will return though because if the other pizzas are as good as that one, it's worth trying it and being smarter with the bill.
4	Last visit was Thursday evening, Dec 6th. Richard, our server, is wonderful. Had wine and cocktails before dinner. The house red is just OK, cocktails are done well. The gemelli pasta was very good; so tasty. I opted for the special entree, a generous chicken scaloppine with roasted potatoes and artichokes. The portion I took home turned out to be my next day's lunch. The only thing preventing a 5 star rating was a minor oversight.  My wife's cocktail refill was forgotten.
3	Usually any time a world renowned chef's name is attached to a place, it makes me feel like you have to pay oodles and oodles of $$ just to step in the front door.  This isn't the case for WP Pizza Bar.... fairly affordable with many specials.  It's in Phillips Place so I would normally dress nicely to walk around there, but it's pretty casual.  Once, I thought about dressing up to see a movie in the shopping center there, but I thought better about it....Low, dim lighting, modern casual furniture and clean lines make for an interesting dining experience.  I tried the roasted eggplant pizza which was made to order and was pretty tasty.Our server was pretty nice, seemed a little rushed for a Monday evening.  She did a good enough job though.  Would I come back?  Yes... would I choose this place over my normal, "go to" pizza places?  That question still remains to be answered.
5	Since my first visit back in the first two weeks of Pizza | Bar's soft open, my wife and I have been back on multiple occasions, tried several more of the menu items, and have been continually blown away by the cocktail menu. We recently came back in to celebrate and the staff made it so memorable for us. The managers and staff congratulated us and even gave us two glasses of champagne for our celebration! Such a nice gesture. That's what really set Pizza | Bar apart from a 4-star experience. The service. The managers on the floor are very present, visitant, and extremely astute in all things detail-oriented. The servers are professional and always lively with conversation. We also recently discovered how unreal the rotisserie chicken is. I'm not one typically for chicken, but the fare here....with those amazing potatoes, is unreal. One of our favorite spots for dinner, lunch, a few cocktails (which are amazing, by the way) or a spot to celebrate an occasion. Always a great experience.
5	Nicest Addition to Phillips Place since, since... At first you may think, a Pizza Bar at Phillips Place???  When I found out it was Wolfgang Puck I was more incredulous... When I think of Wolfgang Puck I think Austria - Gourmet - Spago or even Frozen, (sorry that is what comes to my mind)!  This Pizza was plenty Gourmet as I hoped and expected!Food - More than Pizza... I had Pizza!  Pepperoni (not exactly what they called it though that is what it was)!  Drinks - In the mood for a great glass of Wine, only they did not have any that sounded enough like Dessert... I had a Limeade... I did NOT see Limeade on the menu, I saw Limes behind the Bar and asked... They made it very well!Service - Michael and his assistant were Great!  The Guys working the Front were great too!  They handled me well which is the Job for Professionals!Decor - The place Looks Great!  Very Comfortable Seating, Relaxed environment!  The Flat Wear is Heavy the Glass Wear is Heavy too!  Glasses fashioned from re-purposed Wine Bottles... Inspiring!!!  If I wear a Kleptomaniac (I'm NOT, though I have known one) I would be taking the "Dish Towel" styled Napkins, small spoons (used here for serving Pepper Flakes and Parmesan), Water Bottles and all the Glass Wear (Minus the Stem wear)Paul (NOT Koehler - I wish) was sitting at the Bar having a Beer or Two with his Pizza, that other Paul!
4	Tried their late menu on Friday 12/21. 1/2 price pizzas and reduced pricing on salads. There were 3 of us this time. We started with the seasonal soup which is a belly warming and filling, and a combination of good things. A generous portion. I had the Caesar with an accompanying slice of bread spread with goat cheese. Good and filling. We ordered pizzas-a fennel sausage (with mozzarella instead of ricotta) and a chicken/broccolini. Both were very good, but could not finish them.  In our fridge for a later date.  I expected a bigger crowd with the 1/2 priced specials, but when we left, sometime after 11 pm, the place was clearly winding down. BTW the normal full menu is unavailable after 10 pm.
1	I must just not be meant to go to this place. We tried coming here several times after they opened and always seemed to catch them before they opened or on a day they were closed. Eventually we did get to eat here and the food was pretty good but, the staff was just OK and my potato and egg pizza had something hard and inedible in it. I didn't bring it up because it wasn't a big deal but, it shouldn't happen at a restaurant of the caliber this place is supposed to be. We told ourselves we  would give it another shot and we did that today.We walked in and the host had a bit of a "too cool for the room" vibe to him, once we were seated I noticed my wife's glass was dirty, it had a clearly visible piece of food stuck to it. The restaurant was mostly empty, a few people at the bar and a few tables scattered here and there. So we were expecting someone to be along shortly. We sat there for a pretty good while, more than enough time to decide on drinks, meals, read the wine selection, look around, talk about what we were going to do after, start to discuss where we were going to eat if someone didn't come by in the next few minutes and even though several of the wait staff walked by, some multiple times, no one even said hello or stopped to take a drink order.At this point we decided to quit while we were ahead and leave. On the way out they thanked us for stopping by and my wife decided to let them know we weren't really impressed. One of the staff followed us out, was very apologetic and offered to take care of our dinner which was nice but, I'm not looking for a free meal from a place I just don't want to eat at now. I really wanted to like Wolfgang's but, I'm pretty much done with it after these experiences.
5	Food was perfectly seasoned and the patio is great.
4	Superb!Went on a corporate dinner, and tried the lamb-sausage pizza, shrimp and clam pizza, and BBQ chicken pizza-- all very nice.The appetizers (calamari) were just OK. Service was a little slow, although it seemed not that busy inside on a random Thur night. All in all, my fave pizza place in CLT. Very fresh ingredients. Cool vibe. Nice beer specials.
4	I finally made it to the Pizza Bar ans was very happy with my experience. We started with the arugula salad which had a great hit of pepper. From there we enjoyed the crispy calamari, which was amazing due to the peppercini aioli. As for the pizzas, we ordered the pepperoni and the chicken and broccolini. We enjoyed both, but were definitely split, I enjoying the chicken and broccolini over the pepperoni. Overall, an enjoyable evening, however, the entire restaurant is very loud, and the parking was treacherous. I look forward to returning!
4	I genuinely like Wolfgang Pucks.Place - trendy, nice, warm and cozy atmosphere. Definitely a place for casual outings and dinner/lunch with your favorite people.Food - I love champignons! Well, mushrooms in French. So my go to pizza is always wild mushroom pizza. When I look at it, it looks healthy, but with carbs.. Well it isn't. It contains goat cheese which I typically avoid, spinach, and wild mushrooms. Heaven! I am not as fond of the potato sides - which is slightly saltierService - great! They tend to your need in a good amount of time. The waiters/waitress are attentive. The bartenders are very accommodating to which drink you want to be concoct.Price - surprisingly decent!  The pizza was around $12 for a whole pie. The drinks (a shooter/shot) however - a typical NC price is $10. I definitely am a fan of Wolfgangs! I like and enjoy the management who remembers us. I like the food and atmosphere.
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet? It's one of my favorite new(ish) restaurants in Charlotte. Great atmosphere, lots of seating in the bar area. My favorites are the white bean garlic hummus app, spinach & mozz salad, and the wild mushroom pizza. You really can't go wrong because everything is good. JFYI, there is usually a wait so I suggest making a reservation or getting there early to miss the dinner rush.Shout out to Sally, the best bartender in CLT!!
4	Just had lunch today Rainy and dreary, probably kept the lunch crowd away. We each had the chef's special 1/2 panini and soup. Very good on all fronts. Cream of cauliflower and pasta fagioli soups were hearty and a great match to counter today's weather. Dessert  was shared: espresso ice cream and cinnamon donuts holes; deliciously sinful. Our server and assistant  (resembles Prince Harry) were pleasant and friendly.
5	Potato egg pizza. Nothing else will suffice. Service and managers are fantastic. Highly recommend, especially Tuesday (1/2 price bottle of wine) and Fri/Sat (1/2 pizza from 10-midnight).Truly a great experience.
5	Smoked Salmon Pizza....Simply the BEST thing on this earth!  I get this every other week only because I'm in town. If you are ever by a WGP Pizza Bar and like smoked salmon get this and melt away.  If I could figure out the sauce I'd quit period.  Go there now!
4	Good Pizza, good selection of wines and cocktails, wonderful ambiance - what more can you ask for? This is my go-to spot for when I want a nice weekend dinner with the hubby or with friends. It's worth mentioning that their late night menu & prices are terrific. I'm a fan of their roasted baby beet salad, wild mushroom pizza and potato & egg pizza. You probably won't walk out of there thinking you've eaten the best pizzas ever, but because of the combined effect of the food, drinks, service and ambiance, you will walk out satisfied and happy, and wanting to come back soon to try another pizza!
4	Terrific place- high energy, great food- terrific pizza selections: unique flavor combos. Good wine list too- reasonable prices. We are going back!  Little wonder wolfgang has built a food empire!!!
3	I read all the reviews for this place, so I was super excited to go Monday night.  Sadly, I was little bummed when I left.  The restaurant is set up nicely and it's absolutely beautiful inside.  I love the distressed wood, the cozy lighting and all the windows.  I also think the bar in the shape of a half-moon in the front of the restaurant is a nice focal point when you walk in; however, if you are trying to congregate with a group of friends at the bar, this is hard to do.  You can't really stand in a crowd because you are by the door- so people are constantly having to squeeze through to get to their seats.  But in some ways that nice because it's gives the restaurant a friendly feel. If my review were for ambiance only, it would have 4 to 5 stars.The service was okay.  It was Monday night and it was not crowded.  While I was with about 7 people, the restaurant was pretty bare. For that reason, I don't think the service was anything to brag about.  The waiter was nice, but not as attentive as I believe he could have been.  As for the food, eh. The prices and quantities aren't bad, but I've had better pizza. We ordered the Prosciutto pizza, but there just wasn't a lot of flavor there. The over-reigning flavor was really the crust, which was slightly burnt.  My friends got the calzones, which they seemed to really like.  I also ordered the chopped salad, for the size, I do not think it is worth $9.  It was more the size of a side salad, yet only $3 cheaper than a pizza.  That doesn't really make sense. Overall, I think I would go back-- I'm just not going to expect greatness.  The food isn't horrible, but it's also not great.  I really wanted to like this place, but sadly it's forgettable.
4	Friday night at 730 pm, party of 5. Everything was very good. Starting with the the calamari, Caesar salad and 2 other salads; all were well prepared and tasty. Our entrees included 3 different pizzas that looked and tasted great. Gemelli with sausage pasta dish was plentiful, pasta a bit chewy. Finished off the evening with their donut hole dessert-sinful. Also found an under $25 Sangiovese that was very good. All in all a very good night with Wolfgang.I would actually score our evening as 4 1/2 star event.
5	First of all KUDOS to Wolfgang for playing Mississippi Queen by Mountain. Love that song! Wolfgang Puck Pizza Bar is everything a pizza place should be. Beautiful interior and a friendly staff. Great for lunch and dinner. The pizza crust is super thin. Almost makes you feel like you're eating healthy pizza...lol. My little guest had the kids pepperoni pizza, which she said was great! I must say, it did look delicious. I had the Spicy Shrimp and Arugula. It had lots of garlic (always good for pizza, maybe not your breath), but it didn't have much flavor. I was expecting more spice from the shrimp. I had to add chili flakes :(. Overall the pizza was very good, I had no problem eating the whole thing lol. Just wanted a little more KA-POW! Can't wait to get back, I love it! Great addition to the Charlotte Pizza scene.
1	Perhaps the pizza is good, but our dinners were not.  I had lamb (one of the specials) that was bland and cold.  I have never had bland lamb before.  Bozena had rosemary chicken in goat cheese alfredo sauce with pasta.  The pasta was not fresh pasta (if you're from the north east you know what I mean by "fresh" pasta [ex:  not hard pasta "freshly" taken out of the box, haha]), the chicken was dry in the middle (meaning it was frozen or not marinated) and the alfredo was watery, not thick, and had no flavor of goat cheese.  The mushrooms in the dish were good.  The chicken didn't even have the slightest hint of rosemary.  I know that Charlotte isn't known for its diversity in food, especially from foods from nations that touch the Mediterranean Sea, but this wa pretty bad.  As a franchise with Wolfgang Puck's name on it, I expected good food.  Perhaps the pizza is good.  The restaurant was also pretty empty for a Saturday night.
4	Delicious pizza. Had the carolina goat cheese and ate every bite. Also tasted the margherita, which was also good. Pizza is on the thin side but with thick crust.... very good! Prices are reasonable too. Servers were all attentive and friendly. Will definitely be back.
1	Ordered margarita pizza which was nothing great,the spaghetti was flavorless ,I wouldn't go here again,could have gotten something much better for the amount I spent here
5	Had an amazing meal with a friend. Sat on the patio which was nice but the service was slow - it was the middle of the day on a Monday.. typically not a 'busy' day/time. Had the pasta fagioli soup, chicken meatballs, garlic rolls, pasta and calzone. Everythign was to die for except the chicken meatballs, they were eh.. but they were also chicken... the calzone was huge, the soup was very flavorful and well balanced, garlic rolls good and garlicky and the pasta (the one with the ricotta and broccolirab) was HUGE and had great flavor. They also do a late night menu which is a nice option.
3	Had dinner AT 815 PM Tuesday night, 1/2 price bottle wines; except I discovered from the server the bottle price must be at least $26-$67 or $69 to qualify. Never saw anything that explained that. Had to forego my $25 Sangiovese for a not as good $36 bottle; paid $18. Puck's was crowded, but only at the perimeter, center seating was sparse. Our food was good as we have come to expect-shared a Caesar salad (still like the way they prepare it), order of spaghetti with a very nice marinara and I tried the Cavatappi with chicken in an Alfredo goat cheese sauce. The Alfredo sauce was not a heavy one, still could not finish, but a nice dish. We did not care for the flavor of the complimentary flat bread, we liked the bread sticks they used to offer better.Food gets 4 stars. Overall 3 1/2 stars.
5	Social Media Charlotte had a happy hour at Wolfgang Puck and I was wary.  I haven't been a huge fan of the celebrity chef restaurants in Charlotte so far.  We had a nice little set up near the bar with hummus and pita bread and a drink special.  So far so good.  The hummus was great & they have a st germain martini, my absolute favorite liquor.  It could have been a bit bigger for the price (it was about a 4-5 oz drink) but other than that I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Then they brought pizzas out, even one with smoked salmon (all of them were delicious) then after we were stuffed from hummus and pizza they brought out cavatappi pasta.  It has goat cheese, peas & roasted chicken in it and it was possibly the best pasta dish I've ever had but I was so incredibly full from the other amazing food they brought out that I only ate a bit and they gave us the rest to go.  I told my boyfriend he could have the rest for dinner when I got home and within 60 seconds he inhaled the entire to go container of pasta and declared it the best pasta he's ever had.  Seriously, it's that good.  Probably a good thing that South Park is 30 minutes away or I'd be there all the time.  I was also extremely impressed with the wait staff, even during a busy dinner & bar rush they were still very attentive and helpful and made the experience event better. I'm supposed to go gluten free tomorrow (doctors orders!) and I was so sad that  wouldn't be able to have the cavatappi pasta again.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered today they also have a gluten free menu & that the cavatappi is on it!  hooray!  I can't wait to come back and test out their glutten free menu.
4	Had dinner last night at 7 pm. Puck's was celebrating their one year anniversary with a complimentary glass of sparkling wine and a slice of pistachio cake. These were served after the entrees, and were both very good. Pasta dishes are consistently flavorful with the pasta always firm. We had the Gemelli and Orecchiette and were not disappointed. You need to think of these as dinner and the next day's lunch. Best part was the $62 bottle of a La Spinetta Nebbiolo for $31; doesn't get better than that on 1/2 price Tuesdays. Our server was pleasant, but not much of a value add.
5	Went for lunch today, to try the potato egg pizza - after seeing it reviewed in a magazine about Best of Charlotte.I would have given this 4 stars, because the service was a little off. However, that being said, there was this AWFUL woman (customer) sitting next to us who started screaming like a spoiled child over the slowness of the service. I'm talking, full-on temper tantrum. And the staff all responded with such graciousness, that I didn't even care anymore that it took awhile to get service when we first got there. Now ...... on to the food!!!We got the pesto garlic bread. It arrived in a little cast iron skillet, and looked actually like cinnamon rolls. Very well presented. The pesto was delicious, and we loved it.I had the potato egg pizza, which I can't even begin to describe how GOOD this was. Not a combination I ever would have thought of, but wow. My husband had the sausage fennel pizza, and his also was amazing (I had a slice of his). Both pizza's had very distinctive flavoring, and were very memorable.Can't wait to return and try some of the other pizza's.And to the woman sitting next to us - get a grip. I'm sorry you had to wait a whole extra 10 minutes for your meal due to restaurant error. But there's no need to belittle the servers. And no need to ruin my meal by having to watch your bad behavior. Next time, please quietly go get speak to the manager. Thank you.
5	Not only was he a musical prodigy, but he grew up to open amazing restaurants as well?  Should change the name to Hurricane Wolfgang, because I was blown away by the food and service.  A rare 5 stars from me!I came here with my sister when she was in town and we ate quite well.  Ordered a bunch of stuff to try and left with a loosened belt and lots of food to take back home.  You have to try to salad for app that has garlic dressing in it.  I've never had this dressing, but it's pretty damn amazing.  I was trying to think like, man, why is this dressing so good?  Oh duh, because I love simple pasta noodles with a good olive oil and some garlic.Restaurant is really clean and server was not overbearing and fielded questions well.  Stuff like that won't necessarily "make" the place, but it definitely can "break" the place... it can also definitely put the cherry on top of a good dining experience.[personal side rant] C'mon dmo, you need to up your review game.  Reviews are starting to turn out like my meatloaf--boring, dry, and not worth digesting.  Up yo game, son! [/end]dmo out.
5	Great food, great service, great ambiance! Been a fan of Puck since first going to Spago in California ten years ago. And this pizza bar has a creative menu, welcoming environment, and terrific service, all at a mid-price range. They even have a daily wine special and the $4 cabernet was actually pretty good.If you haven't been, you should try it. Hope to try the patio next time.
4	Very nice experience. Food was excellent. Pizzas were delicious. Favs mushroom, margarita. Chicken broccolini was bland. Calamari was awesome. Cesar was good too. Cobbler was delicious.
5	A must have is the spaghetti. The ambiance is great and the food is better. Don't order  more than you can eat unless your taking it home because sometimes I'm full before I get to my main course.
4	Had a quick and light dinner last night around 8 pm. It was pretty crowded, but we were able to get an Open Table reservation. We dined on the patio. Just shared a kale salad and a fennel sausage pizza after a couple of pretty good happy hour cocktails.  The panna cotta dessert was a fitting finish to a simple dining event.
4	I can only review the "bar" part of the Wolfgang Puck Pizza Bar. All I can say is that the mixed drinks are CHEAP. $6? Get outta here! I look forward to trying the food here at some point, too.
3	Had dinner Friday night at 730. Very crowded. Crowd thinned considerably around. 830. Had a Caesar and mussels. Both very good, although mussels had a touch of smokiness. The crispy pork entree was nicely done. I had the Gemelli with fennel sausage, but this time it was  overwhelmed with smokiness. Never tasted like that before. We had a very good server that was knowledgeable and efficient. Easily a 4 star night, but for the smokiness that was introduced.
2	Yeah, no, just no.  If I had written my review a year ago it probably would have been 4 or 5 stars but this place just seems to have gone downhill so fast for me.  Let's start with the ridiculous amount of time it always takes to have a drink made.  If its incredibly busy I will give you a pass, but it wasn't and it took a good 15 minutes for them to arrive.  And the follow-up is if you want to charge $12 for a margarita, go for it.  But if you have the audacity to serve it in a 4 oz glass, I have a few choice 4 letter words for the person who made that decision.  They used to be bigger, but I guess someone decided since they are in South Park they can get away with that kind of nonsense.   Wine pours also seem very small, your best bet is just getting a beer, at least that is served in a decent sized glass.So food.  I will say the calamari is still excellent and other dishes seem to have nice flavors but not always the best execution.  The pizza is just way too soggy, I mean you'd think they would be able to work something out to make it crispy but its just weak and ingredients will fall right off if you don't hold onto your slice tight!  The spaghetti used to be my favorite, so of course they changed it.  Its now served with chunks of tomato and an obscene amount of fresh parsley, as was the soggy pizza.  It used to have a light tomato sauce with a light parmesan flavor, there was no parmesan in sight so I added it  myself to make it edible.  The pasta with sausage bolognese was actually good but not really enough to make up for all the other shortcomings.  Service is just a joke.  My sister's boyfriend had to get up and find someone to get us serving utensils, also his drink was made wrong and the server was kind of arguing with him.  Yea he was a bartender for years and know his shit, don't argue with him, even better he's the customer don't argue with him!  So I'm done with this place, there are much better places in town for pizza and pasta!
4	My fav pizza place in Charlotte. Good Pizza everytime, nice drinks/wine. I love the feel of the restaurant. Nice for dinner as well as 'day drinking' at their bar for lunch.  My favorite pizzas include the wild mushroom pizza (they put truffle oil on it!) and the margharita pizza. I really was disppointed with the salmon pizza...(I'm a newly introducing fish to my diet)..but my friends who love seafood/meat didnt like it either. I am disappointed that they no longer serve the fun breadsticks/bread or have the late night menu anymore...;-(But...the pizzas/ambience are wonderful. I will go back; I'm sure of that.
4	I've had a great experience both times I've eaten here. It can get pretty busy so the second time, my husband and I got there a little earlier and sat at the bar. It has a huge wrap around bar and the service was pretty good. I will say that the prices of spirits are pretty expensive but standard considering the area. I highly recommend trying to chicken meatball appetizer. My husband and I couldn't stop raving about it!
5	Wonderful outdoor patio and no wait on a Saturday night! In the past, it has always been crowded and a wait, but this evening was different. The patio dining was wonderful, calm and the ceiling fans provided just the right amount of breeze!  The food was raving good too!I ordered an oven roasted vegetable pizza. Yum. The hubby ordered a pasta and he was very very pleased. He kept talking about it all night.  I think the goat cheese made the difference!  My son ordered a pizza also and pronounced it one of  the best ever! The crusts on our pizzas were photo-worthy, so I photographed them and included them in the photos for this restaurant. Be sure to check them out and you will be making a beeline to this place for dinner soon!
4	Wild mushroom pizza is great!  We've been to Pizza | Bar several times now and the food and service has always been right on. Last time we visited, we grabbed a nice bottle of white and ordered the fried calamari. It was a great appetizer but really filling. They added the hot peppers in similar to Capital Grill- however to not quite the same effect. All in all... A super solid choice in Southpark.
2	Poor service and ok food. We sat in the bad and had a long wait to order and for our food. We had to ask our server for refills, cheese, a check, and a box. We had to walk to the bar to get her attention. Fries were great - fun atmosphere - ok pizza.
4	Been twice for lunch and enjoyed it both times. Love the large bar area and the ambience inside. Patio is great on a nice day, but can be loud. I love the Spinach and Smoked Mozzarella salad - everything from the warm pancetta dressing, the smoky strips of mozzarella, and the crispy bits of potato make every bite a treat. The pizzas are great too - the dough is thin but stands up to the toppings, perfectly chewy, and bubbly crust. On my most recent visit I split the Spinach salad, the chicken meatball pizza, and the prosciutto/arugula pizza. Everything was great, no complaints.
4	We ate at the bar on a Tuesday night - half price bottles of wine, yay!  and they have one of my favorite whites, Little James Basket Press.  not that easy to find!  Anyway.  The pizza was good, the mussels were yummy and the service at the bar was casual and friendly.  A nice way to spend a Tuesday night.
4	I really want to give 5 stars, but I think I should go back a couple more times just to be sure.  I'd been wanting to try WPPB forever, but we just never made it there... til tonight.  The fella and I visited on a Wednesday night, and the place was full and energetic, but not loud.  I got there first and was immediately greeted; when I told the host that the fella was running late, he smiled and said no problem.  He seated me, and til the fella got there about 10 minutes later, I had two other waiters who welcomed me, thanked me for coming, etc.  That excellent service continued throughout the night with even the manager getting me more water.I loved the atmosphere with the half-circle bar in the front and the tables behind, and the dark wood and lighting made everything feel very cozy.  I also loved the tree(?) made of wine bottles in the front!Onto the food!  The fella and I split the grilled Italian sausage appetizer ($10), and it was delicious - the sausage was spicy, but not too spicy, and the peppers were sweet... mmmm.  The polenta was good, too, but I was too focused on the peppers.  Then we split a BBQ Chicken pizza ($12).  I generally love pizza and hate the crust, but this was the first time in a long time that I ate the crust - somehow, it was light and sweet.  The pizza itself rivaled my favorite bbq chicken pizza, and I was glad they added cilantro to it since some other restaurants don't.I'm so glad we finally made it here, and I can't wait to go back.
4	All of their sausage is made in house and makes for a great pizza topping.  The personal pizzas are the perfect size, with delicious toppings and one of the best crusts around.  I really like a atmosphere of this place....very cool decor and an overall good vibe.  It's also in the cheaper end for South Park. Tuesdays are half off bottles of wine. Wednesdays are half off cocktails...which were delicious but a little on the small side in my opinion.
5	There are a lot of good pizza places around Charlotte, and then there is this place.  Wow!  From the attention to detail in the design and layout of the place to the fresh and interesting ingredients in the pies, this place qualifies as GREAT. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  It's kind of rustic/modern/earthy.  The dining room is decent sized but it fills up fast so I would recommend a reservation, especially if you have a group.  There is a huge horseshoe shaped bar at the front as well.  You can just feel the quality and attention to detail in every aspect of the place, from the tables and chairs to the cool glasses that appear to be old wine bottles that were cut off at the top and smoothed down.  On the menu you will find some classic favorites and some more interesting things as well.  We had a really great waiter who recommended the roasted mushroom pizza.  Holy crap, what a great call!  Truly one of the best pizzas I have ever had.  If you decide to give this place a shot, just order it!As we were eating, the manager came around to see how everything was going.  We noticed him walking around to all the tables and mingling with everyone.  It just makes you feel good to see folks who take pride in their restaurant like that.  Although we did not partake, we noticed a gelato cart (never knew such a thing existed) was making its way around the dining room and it appeared to be pretty popular. Nothing but positive things to say about this spot.  I am not very often blown away by a pizza place, but this one did it!
2	The service is very poor. You might see your waiter once or twice. My food was cold and not very good. I won't be back.
5	We weren't sure what to expect when we walked in but we're thankful to get a table! We started with salads (baby kale fore me, beet for my husband) and moved onto our individual pizzas. They are the perfect size (I even brought a piece home). I got the Carolina Goat cheese pizza which had roasted tomatoes and basil and my husband got the mushroom & truffle oil 'za. Both were delicious but I preferred his - it literally melted in your mouth. The bar area looks cool and inviting as well. The service is top notch with management stopping by to ensure your enjoyment. we will definitely be returning - just wish it wasn't all the way out in Phillips place.
3	The pizza is good (which is why I came back) but the service, especially in such a ritzy part of town, was not so great. I even went back a second time just to give it another shot and bought a gift card for a friend too but the service was still not good. We stood at the door a long time while the hostess was on the phone taking orders. My pizza never came out and I had to eat it by myself when it eventually did come. The calamari was good and so were the salads. Just wish the service was better, much better.
4	I love the Pizza Bar! My husband and I have frequented this Philips Place hot spot quite a few times, it's the perfect spot for dinner after a movie.We try to order different appetizers and pizzas each time we visit, but it's not hard to have a favorite, they are all very good.For appetizers, we've had the Garlic & White Bean Hummus with house made crostini, the Baked Goat Cheese with Parmesan zeppole (yay for fried dough!), and the Crispy Calamari.  I could certainly have a selection of appetizers as my meal but that's not the only reason we visit the Pizza Bar. For pizzas, I know I just said that we try to order different items at each visit, but the famous "Wolfgang's Smoked Salmon" pizza always seems to end up at our table. My husband and I both love salmon in any style and this pizza is so darn good. We have had the Roasted Mushroom pizza, the Sweet Fennel Sausage pizza, the Carolina Goat Cheese pizza, and the House-made Duck Sausage pizza. Each pizza is perfectly prepared with it's featured topping on a perfectly crispy-chewy crust - simply perfect pizza.The portions are good and the pizzas could easily be shared when you add in salads and appetizers, which is always our intention, but we continually ignore that notion when we sit down and order. We justify it by saying that we'll have leftovers for tomorrow. On the dessert front, we've had the Soda Shop Sampler and the Seasonal Cobbler - my pick generally goes to the cobbler.The service is generally attentive and friendly. The servers are willing to provide suggestions on everything from cocktails to dessert. The Pizza Bar will continue to be on our dinner option rotation.
4	"Yeah, I think garlic bread would have to be my favorite all-time food. I could eat it for every meal. Or just constantly, without stopping." -- Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010)What to say about Wolfgang Puck's - I go here a lot on my trips to Charlotte.  I always have the same waiter (Jared) and he takes excellent care of me.  I love a place you can really rely on!By far, a must order is the garlic rolls.  Think savory cinnamon rolls - but instead of cinnamon, they roll those puppies up with pesto and garlic.  They bake 4 of them in a cast iron skillet and O.M.G - Heaven!  Ask for a side of marinara to dip them in (not that it is needed, but it adds a whole new level of decadence).  I've ordered their pizzas - always a solid choice.  My favorite is the prosciutto di parma.  Anyone who knows me is not surprised at all.  I had them bring me some balsamic on the side and used that to dip the crust.  I will say the middle was a little soggy for my preference, but still was not disappointed.  But on my last trip, I went for the braised chicken entree - think of it like a hunters chicken, or caccitore wanna-be, without the thick tomatoey sauce.  With brasied mushrooms, caramelized onions and little gnocchi all around it - it was absolutely scrumptious.  Earthy, but not to heavy.  I loved every bite and did my best not the lick the plate clean.  Even though I was stuffed to the gills (and had a togo box of my left over garlic rolls), I still got the zeppolis to go - one of their dessert items are these fabulous cinnamon doughnut bites with a side of "espresso milkshake," which is nothing more than a fabulous dipping sauce.  This also lasts me two meals, but who is counting?I never mind my frequent Charlotte business trips if it means I have time to hit up Mr. Puck's and visit my pal, Jared.  He also lets me read my book and we chat up our love to cook and read.  What more can you ask for in a neighborhood spot, especially when you aren't from the hood?
4	I really enjoyed Pucks pizza bar. My husband and I opted to go during restaurant week but we ordered off the regular menu.We made a reservation and got seated pretty much right on time. Got a glass of wine at the bar and the bartender said he'd add it to the dinner check. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer, which was fried just right, not too crunchy. Then, we split the veggie pizza and sausage pasta. The pizza crust was amazing; chewy on the outside and pillowy. The part of the pizza with the toppings was nice and thin. The pasta was nice and al dente. Overall, really good. Service was nice. They have a big U shaped bar and a handful of TVs.They didn't add my wine to the check so I had them add it and it cost about $50.
1	Four of us came in to eat dinner and we were told there was a 40 minute wait to eat. After 40 minutes of standing, we asked when we were going to sit. The hostess looked very annoyed and told us she didn't really know but she might be able to seat us in 20-25 minutes. At this point, we are all starving and didn't want to hear in 20 more minutes there may still be 10 minutes to wait. This is ridiculous - if you are booked, tell us. Then we wouldn't have wasted almost an hour of our time.
5	This is the best mid range restaurant in Charlotte. The manager (Cedric) remembered my gf and I after one visit, and always treated us with amazing service. The food is always amazing and the bartenders whip up amazing drinks. Give this place a try you will love it.
4	My new favorite place for a date night  - I love the bar, great service and it's just a gorgeous set up. Pizza was amazing, I read the other review and had to go with the mushroom pizza, so yummy. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because bar service could have been better, but I am an ex-bartender and can be pretty picky about my service. Overall it's a great restaurant, looking forward to my next visit.
3	Popped in here for dinner last night with friends.   Having never been I didn't have a lot of expectation and was pleasantly surprised at the decor first and foremost. The interior uses a lot of repurposed wood and I always find that cozy and warm.  The large bar is immediately in front of the entry doors and seemed to be a popular spot to hang out, watch the game and have dinner.On this night I had the baked eggplant parmesaen.  It came out in a little cast iron skillet and honestly was delicious.  The drinks were reasonably priced as well.  They also have great daily specials from what I read on the menu.All in all it's a good spot if you are in the area.
4	Fancy pizzeria inside Phillips Place. The desserts were awesome. The pizzas were baked in a classy wood oven. The pasta were delicious. Service was great! I was wearing jeans and felt underdressed, but fortunately, they didn't care.
5	The Cooked, Corked, & Poured dinner every month is what any foodie should be after.  A Top Chef event with special drink pairing from a local distributor every time (we have attend the wine, OMB, and vodka sessions so far).  It quickly becomes the highlight for us every month!
5	Love this place.  We usually sit at the bar or bar table.  The pizzas are really good, have had to send them back before for burnt crusts, but that hasn't happened in a while.  Great cocktails and apps too.  It can be a little loud and the TVs are huge, but it is a pizza bar.  Great addition to the food scene in Charlotte.  Don't know why the description says Ballantyne and Southpark, it's in the Southpark part of town, not Ballantyne at all.
1	My husband and I were seated at a table with major traffic going on around us.  We had reservations and requested quiet seating.  There were several available tables.  We asked for a new table with less traffic.  The waiter acted offended by our request but asked management if we could be seated else where.  We were moved but they acted inconvenienced.  Wow, we were seated on a bench next to 2 couples that were extremely loud.  The general manager, Cedric Castro, stopped and asked how our evening was going.  We shared with him the noise level around us.  By the way, there were 2 empty booths next to us that looked quiet compared to our table.    Cedric explained the acoustics are terrible with large open areas.  But, next time I could ask for a booth.  By the way, when I made our reservations I requested a quiet spot.  And, there were 2 empty booths next to us that were not offered to us.  I received my meal.  The waiter failed to tell me they were out of kale.  they substituted lettuce and tomato for kale and added a ton of cauliflower.  I had this meal before and it did not taste close to my previous experience.  The waiter failed to bring my husband his wine.  We got lucky the general manager stopped by again to check on us.  He checked on our wine and brought it to us immediately.  It was waiting at the bar to be delivered.    The waiter never checked on us after we received our food to make sure our order was correct and if we needed anything else.  He admitted he knew they did not have all the  vegetables for my entree.  The solution, they wanted to give us free food and requested we come back again.  Look, I want a good positive customer experience.  I am not looking for free food.  Communication failed here.  We didn't get the seating we requested and they really didn't do much to fix it.  We were told it's a loud venue.  I ordered something on the menu and they didn't have all the listed ingredients but brought what they have available and never explained the difference.  I WON'T Be back.  Roosters, PF Chang's, Good Foods, Ruth Chris far exceed this place for customer experience.  I fired Wolfgang Puck tonight!  They really can't fix their problems and frankly they don't cater to folks looking for positive, quality, customer experience.  And, that's okay.  I want a quality customer experience.  This place is a cattle call!
5	Puck knows Pizza. I've heard a lot of good things about Wolfgang Puck Pizza Bar but the stars haven't lined up until today.  The wife and I stopped in for lunch before hitting Whole Foods for some serious grocery shopping. I expected a crowd, but less than half the tables were occupied at a little after noon.  I'll start with the obvious, this place has great pizza.  My wife is from Connecticut and spent a lot of time in NYC, the Tigris and Euphrates of great pizza, and I have only ever had Charlotte pizza.  I say this is the best pizza I have ever eaten.  The wife won't go that far but says it's really really good.  Crust is king with these pies.  The waiter said it takes 9 days to make the crust and all that waiting and fermenting sure pays off.  This crust is ethereal.  Light, crisp, flavorful, substantial and airy, all at the same time.  Topping choices are myriad and, from what I've heard, all good. I had the red sauce pizza with pepperoni and sausage. The pepperoni was salty and good with a touch of spice and that classic, dry cured, Italian picante flavor.  The sausage was sweet, salty and spicy with just the right amount of fennel.  My wife got the white sauce pizza with lamb sausage and mushrooms.  The sausage was fantastic and the mushrooms had more flavor than the law should allow.  Dessert choices sounded good, if limited but my blood sugar wouldn't allow me to indulge.  The wife had coffee, which was fresh and good, and I had an espresso which was stellar.Service was impeccable.  Attentive but not overbearing, just right. A little pricey, but not a place we will go every day.  Come to think of it, I just may go back tomorrow.
4	Compared to pizza in general, this place is certainly above average. Compared to Neapolitan style pizza, I would classify it as average.I ordered the prosciutto pizza and I'll give them props for using Prosciutto di Parma and not some American pseudo-prosciutto crap. I also give them props for putting the prosciutto on after baking the pizza, the proper method. Doing otherwise is infuriating and a waste of prosciutto. Where I was disappointed was with the use of grated and not shaved parmesan on the pizza, which really added an overpowering flavor to the pie. If I wanted grated parmesan, I would have added it myself (which will only happen if the pizza is awful). The pizza also came with roasted red peppers that were simply too powerful. Between the two, the taste of the prosciutto, the gem of the dish, was rather faint. The pizza was still excellent and, as I said, better than most pizza places. But with a little simplicity the best of the flavor (Prosciutto di Parma) could have been highlighted more and the pizza could have been even better.
4	Went Monday night before catching a movie. Not crowded at all which was nice as we were in a small rush. We opted for the bar to get in and out pretty quickly. It took the 2 bartenders a second to get over to us with a greeting and a menu, little perturbing considering there was only one other person at the bar. However, upon greeting they were friendly. I ordered a simple Caesar salad to start along with the roasted mushroom pizza with robiola, mozzarella, spinach and truffle. The salad was large, probably able to split, but I ate every bite! The Carolina goat cheese crostini was excellent! The pizza was a great portion and looked delectable upon arrival. It was hard not to eat the entire thing! The crust was amazing and the mushrooms were some of the best I've had in a long time. My friends sweet sausage pizza was very taste though a little too greasy (per both of our opinions). When we were finished it took quite a few minutes to get our bartenders attention, despite the puppy dog stare in our eyes. Overall, great experience in a really nice atmosphere with great good. Definitely partial to returning. Most likely on a nice day when we can take advantage of the patio.
4	Wolfgang Puck Pizza Bar is within walking distance for us, so it's a fabulous last minute date night option. The interior is awesome an I love the glasses and dishes they use for presentation. The ravioli is amazing (with pine nuts on top to jazz it up!) and my husband had the duck sausage pizza which I tasted and thought it was amazing too. I wish the service was a little better--we ordered an app and then they told us there was complimentary bread afterward, and our waters were not refilled until we asked, even though everyone else had a glass bottle of water at their table, but the food and atmosphere make this a great spot overall!
4	My husband and I braved the torrential downpour last night and headed back to Puck's to share some food. They have daily drink specials (good ones; see my picture for a snap of the board) m-f. Thursday is half price martinis and manhattans so they come out to be a little over $6. I opted for Tito's. I had made a reservation for 745 on Opentable (getting those dining points) and we were seated promptly at a booth we saw open in the bar. New just like the vibe there sometimes instead if the main dining room. They also have a outside seating area too. Last night we started with the calamari which are not the best in town but do like the pepperoncini mixed in and the tangy ranch type dressing to accompany it. We split the yummy, cold PB house salad and the sweet fennel sausage pizza which you gotta try. We grill pizzas at home so it's hard to give us a pizza we love more than ours, but Puck's crust is killer; chewy and puffy.
4	I do have to say I was impressed by the great staff.   The food was good. I had a pinot noir and flat iron steak , medium rare.   The brocolli was good , the crispy potatoes were awesome.    But my favorite part was the calamari appetizer... It was light and very tender.  It's hard to find a place that makes good calamari.     Also the coffee and churros were crazy yummy.     But the main part of the experience that would bring me back was the great staff.    I very much enjoyed the wolf gang experience.
2	The hostess was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice. Granted, I did not have a pizza which looked and smelled great, but the food was average at best. I was disappointed.
4	We have visited Wolfgang's Pizza Bar several times and have never been disappointed with the food or service, it has been consistently good each visit.We had the baked goat cheese appetizer, absolutely amazing and got some pizzas and and several cocktails. The service and food were great as always.  We usually love the atmosphere of this restaurant, classy, yet not stuffy, casual but not corner bar casual and find it to be romantic and comfortable. Tonight was a little different and we were VERY disappointed, midway through our meal they turned the music off and put the soccer game on and from that point on were had to listen to a table of loud, obnoxious guys yelling and cheering every two minutes while we were trying to talk, it kind of felt like we were in a sports bar. I would not expect this at a place like Wolfgang Pucks and we might have to check if there is a sporting event on before our next visit.We are still big fans and love the food and service. but this was a real mood killer for our date night.
5	There's nothing I didn't like about this place. The best food I've ever had outside New Orleans.  We had the Pasta Fagiola (White Bean soup), Spinach and Arugala Salad (oh man! Never had a warm salad before), Flat-Iron Steak with the best roasted red potato salad I've ever had and Goat-Cheese Pizza (10") with chicken and fresh basil. Out. Of. This. World! And ask for Alan to be your waiter when you go.
5	Awesome place to eat! Everything was great!!! Awesome cosmo and the pizza was devine!!!!!
4	I came here around 11:30 on a Saturday afternoon and was happy to find the place pretty empty. I was with a party of 7 and service was prompt and very friendly. Everyone enjoyed the food, and there were a few good drink specials. I ordered a salmon pizza and loved it. It really seemed like the food was above average.
5	I love this place!My boyfriend recently moved to Charlotte, and this is right by his new place. For starters, their drink specials are fantastic. 1/2 off Processco and champagne on Fridays? Done. What we've had: PB Salad: huge and fantastic. Good to split.Calamari: Loved itLinguine: I was super bummed that the pesto one they had was taken off the menu because it was to die for, but I tried the new one with shrimp and mussels and it did not disappointPizza: My boyfriend has tried most of the pizzas here and has not had one he didn't like.  Definitely recommend for dinner and/or drinks!
3	Food is just ok. Wait staff constantly complaining at the bar about how managers are incompetent and customers can hear it. Drinks are small but salads are good. Split them, big and overpriced for 1 person. Mussels better at Upstream. Pizza ok.
3	Good, standard food. Good, standard drink. Good, standard bathrooms. Everything is good. Everything is standard. The decor is subtle enough to not get in the way, but not particularly beautiful. The special deals on Sunday are great, but it's not particularly great value for money otherwise. Basically, it's a good place to go if you want something reliable. And standard. It's always standard.
4	Impeccable service, and the food was fantastic.  Loved the pizzas, and the calamari was fantastic. Kevin, our waiter did a wonderful job, and I'd highly recommend Wolfgang Puck Pizza Bar!
5	My wife and were craving quality pizza in Charlotte North Carolina. I yelped and found WP's Pizza Bar. The reviews looked promising- reviews were littered with phrases like house made duck sausage, prosciutto and peaches, and baked goat cheese. I'm thinking we are on to something. Location was super easy- Phillips Place is right across the street from South Park Mall. No wait time- we were seated just before out reservation and had two glasses of Cab tout suite. We were lucky to have been seated outside. The inside is attractive- lots of reclaimed wood and Edison lights. I'm a sucker for Edison lights. Our server was Eric; he was friendly, attentive, and humorous. Server trifecta. We started with the baked goat cheese. It was, well, just meh. It's a hefty scoop of goat cheese baked in a pool of marinara in a small skillet. We shared the house salad, which is plenty for two and probably too much for one. Really good salad. I had the prosciutto and Parmesan pie. Super blistery, crisp out side, but still stretchy. It was topped with arugula and lousy with prosciutto. Can one have too much prosciutto? No. The answer is no. It was fantastic. My wife's pizza was the spinach and mushroom and she added caramelized onions. She was well served by her decision. We finished with the soda shop sampler for dessert which was comprised of sugary zeppoles, a small scoop of gelato, and a side car of espresso milkshake. At this point, I'm looking into an iv drip of espresso milkshake on a pole. Anyway, I highly recommend this for great pizza in Charlotte.
4	I gotta say this German know's how to make a mean pizza....I'm a big fan of Wolfgang Puck's pizza joint, though it looks more like upscale bar/pub than pizza place. Every pizza I've had there is delicious, and I'm not a big pizza fan. The classic smoked salmon pizza is my favorite (little bit of sour cream, dill, layered on smoked salmon and a little bit of salmon roe on top). Some people might not call that a pizza, which is probably why I like it so much. I've also had their dinner dishes (pasta, steak, etc.) and they are pretty good too. It's everything you would expect from a casual upscale place from a celebrity chef.Cocktails here don't disappoint either, and they have a pretty good wine list, short and sweet. The service hasn't disappointed yet. Whenever someone is craving a pizza, I take them here.
5	We attended the Cooked, Corked and Poured event at WP last night and had a wonderful time. NC wines were featured which was a real treat since I know very little about NC wines. The four course dinner was very special and delicious. Can't wait for the October 28th event with NoDa Brewery.
4	Every time I eat here I kick myself for waiting so long in between visits, and today was no exception. I live in NoDa and Southpark many times feels like a whole other world, but I need to remember that this pizza bar is worth the trip!There were 4 of is dining for lunch and we shared 3 appetizers: the rosemary thyme fries, Heirloom tomato salad and bruschetta. They were all delicious and flavorful. The salad was out of this world with delicious baby heirloom tomatoes and mozzarella so fresh that we actually thought it was a poached egg in the beginning. The bruschetta was also delicious and all the portions were generous.I decided to go with their Carolina goat cheese pizza and added lamb sausage to it. Between the combination of toppings and the perfect pizza dough, this ended up being one of the best pizzas I have ever had!They also have drink specials daily and a happy hour menu, which can help make this a very affordable meal out. I hope this experience will help me make the "trek" out to Southpark more often!
5	I love Wolfgang Puck!  He is a food genius and chef idol.  I was thrilled when we moved to Charlotte and found out he had a restaurant here.  We'd tried his restaurant in the MGM Grand in Vegas and we loved it as we love his Pizza Bar. We go here for special occasions mainly.  Their mushroom pizza is so delicious, I could eat it every week!  They have the best location, and the coolest bar and you can see the chefs cooking in the kitchen.  I love their water glasses.  Everything is perfect here, I strongly recommend the pizza, duh.  Their salads are also quiet decadent.
5	This was the best pizza I've ever had. Homemade lamb sausage, roasted eggplant and peppers.I are at a random time so the restaurant was empty. My server was very nice and helpful with the menu.
1	Very disappointing, as I usually love all things Wolfgang Puck! Food and service here were both a disappointment. The bartender had way too much on his plate, with all the bar seats and all the tables in the bar area. I had ordered two appetizers for my dinner - the fried goat cheese and the bruschetta. The bruschetta was very unusual... and not in a good way. The ingredients did not go well together. And the goat cheese appetizer was a little pan of warm goat cheese and marinara sauce, with these horrible doughy bread balls. I planned to ask the server/bartender to bring me some regular bread to make it more edible, but he never came back to my table to check on me. When I did finally flag him down to ask for some real bread to use for dipping, he said sure, but thought it was more appropriate to bus the table next to me first before getting it. Meanwhile my goat cheese had turned stone cold. Fail. Maybe things would have been different if I had just ordered a pizza... but I doubt I will be back to give them another try.
5	2nd Michael  N review. it was great
2	Pizza marginal.  Many items were very overly salty.  Service was very slow. For me and my daughter to spend over $60 for a pizza and a salad on one visit, was ridiculous. Rethink that $$ price category folks.
3	Food is decent.  Service is incredibly slow!   Whatever you do, do not order iced tea! My bill came and the charge for iced tea was $5.70! I asked the bartender if that was right and she said "yes, we make the tea in-house."  That's so ridiculous!   I will never go back!
