4	Cute place for consistent neighborhood Thai. They handle all the usual suspects quite well, and the thohd mahn (fish cake) and yahm neua nahm tohk (spicy beef salad) are super.
4	Great Thai cuisine prepared by a family staff in nice surroundings. The best Thai in our neighborhood, maybe even in this part of Phoenix. Parking is easy and convenient. Call first if you don't know the schedule as they go back to Thailand now and then for visits.
5	Probably the best Thai restaurant in the valley save for Malees on Main, which is double the price. I have been to Thailand many times, and Thai Lahna represents true, authentic Thai cuisine like what you would find on the streets of Bangkok. Clean flavors, good preparation, friendly staff. This family run restaurant is a pleasant change from the chain eateries so common in Phoenix. They have beer and wine
4	I was so pleasantly surprised when I tried Thai Lahna as it's rare to find authentic restaurants in this city!  I moved here from Atlanta where all of the thai restaurants seemed authentic, but it took awhile for me to find good consistent thai food here.  Now I'm addicted!  I frequent Thai Lahna on my own and with friends... I've never had anyone say they didn't like it; even those that have never had thai food before... I live nearby, so I will order take-out often.  If you like eggplant, try the 'Eggplant Jay' - #92 on the menu.  It melts in your mouth.  If you are in the mood for soup or you think you might be coming down with something, order the chicken and vegetable soup - you will thank me!The only negative thing I will write is that the service is not great.  They can be slow, but it's worth the wait.  Also, be patient if you call for take-out.  I've been put on hold for 5 minutes or more and I've also been hung up on before.
5	This has to be the best Thai food I've had in Phoenix. Their vegetarian hot and sour soup is divine! We came upon the restaurant by a friend's suggestion. When we pulled up and noticed how small and crowded the joint was I was a little concerned that we wouldn't get a table, but after a short wait we were seated and our server was very friendly and fast. We recommend this restaurant to all of our friends that like Thai food!
5	Best Thai in town. I've been eating here since 1994 or so.
5	Thai Lahna, is probably one of my most favorite Thai food restaurants in the valley.  Thai Lahna has been in the valley for over 25 years and once you've been in there to experience the food, you will know why.  One thing I wasn't especially thrilled about was the server we had.  She must have been having a bad day.  But other than that - it was DEEEEEE-licious.  My favorite thing on the menu is number 81 and the Red Curry Chicken.  The soup.  Oh YEAH.  If you have wimpy lips - you will definitely want to order it less than medium.  If you are good with spicy - medium is good.  But if you are a pro and I'm not sure I could ever go there - but hotter than medium would send me packin'.  The atmosphere in this quaint little restaurant is comfortable... nothing really GREAT... I would prefer some mood music, rather than silence, but it was nice.  Again - the food is definitely worth it!!
4	Thai Lahna is destined to become my answer to "I'm hungry, I'm tired, and I'm afraid to open the fridge because I know it is full of take-out boxes dating back to August '07."  You think I'm joking.  I wish I was.  But I digress.  TL is that DL (as in "down-low") kind of place where you can just sit and decompress over a warm plate of food at the end of the day.  The hot tea is good.  Make sure to try it.  As for food...  I can only talk in generalities because unfamiliar foreign words I can't pronounce just don't stick in my brain.  So, here we go, the spicy soup made with the coconut broth is fantastic.  And the curry dishes are very good as well.  I've tried something described as being made with a "light gravy".  I don't recommend that.  The menu is overwhelmingly large, so it's going to take me a while to work through it.  I will report back my fave at some undetermined point in the future.
3	I can't rate Thai Lahna higher than 3 stars, although their Thai Coffee and Thai tea are 5-star worthy. The food was just okay. In fact, it read more appealing on the menu, which is gigantic. How is one ever suppose to decide?My lunch buddy and I went today to try Thai Lahna for the first time. It was pretty full around 12:30. I snagged a table. Service was prompt and we had waters in no time. We ordered a shrimp app that was made in chili/lime sauce with mint and lemongrass. Uhm, it was okay. The shrimp is nothing to write home about, but I did enjoy munching on the bed of lettuce that was drenched in the spicy sauce. I really, really, really wanted this to knock my socks off, for the seasonings sounded like they would create an "oh my god" experience. What a shame.I ordered the Eggplant Jay, since it came highly recommended. Little did I know I'd have to fight off 500,000 onions for one piece of super delicious eggplant. Not my idea of a good time. I really wish this dish could have been better. The eggplant was good - what there was of it.My friend ordered veggies in red curry with coconut. It was pretty tasty, until you bit into a sliver of corn and about fell out of your chair from the punch of salt. Wowza. Price was decent. The app ended up costing more than either of our entrees, which was strange to me. But, oh well. It averaged out to about $20 a person for all that, drinks and tip included. Parking is a cinch, since it's in public lot. I had no problem finding a spot during the lunch rush.SOMETHING STRANGE: We weren't asked if we wanted to box up our left overs until AFTER we had paid and were getting ready to leave. I thought that was strange. But, it would have been one thing if I had really wanted to take the food home with me. I didn't. Chance of my coming back here? Same chance as UCONN winning the NCAA tournament this year. 0%, thanks to an upset by San Diego. What a game... The next time I'm craving Thai, I'll stick with Malee's, like Pierre said.
4	If you are in pursuit of no-holds-barred Thai food, choose this place over the stuffy and pricey Malee's. It's true that the service is not always the best, but I've been eating in and taking out from this restaurant since the mid-'80s, and have always been satisfied with my favorite dishes, including the curries and noodle/vegetarian dishes. Let's hear it for longevity for this restaurant!
4	My husband and I love Thai Lahna.  We used to go there every time my husband returned from a business trip.  We live in the wrong part of the valley now, but we'll definitely go back if we're in the neighborhood!  The quality has been consistent over the years, and my husband has been going there since he was a kid.  The coconut milk iced cream is a treat we haven't been able to find anywhere else (as good, anyway).
3	This place lacks in atmosphere, but makes for it in price, location, and great food!!!!
4	Lunch time today I had a craving for Thai so I went there to try Thai Lahna for the first time. When I walked in I was not greeted by anyone for a number of minutes, so I sat myself and before being greeted by anyone my silverware, a menu, and water showed up. Maybe they like the element of surprise. I ordered the #11 lunch and thought it was very tasty. The quality of the veggies could have been better, and the cheap white rice didn't impress me much, but the taste of the sauce was delicious. The soup was also very good and for $8.12 it was a cheap meal. I would say Thai Hut was a little better, the the difference was miniscule, and I did like the service much better at Thai Hut.3.5 stars
4	Yum.Thai Lahna has been on my list for a while thanks to Yelp, and now that I finally got around to it, I wish I hadn't waited so long to check it out. It's a cute little place tucked away in a strip mall. After reading the previous Yelp reviews, my date and I mentally prepared ourselves for good food but perhaps not the greatest of service. So we were pleasantly surprised by the friendly and attentive staff. Especially me, especially when our waitress got my back in front of my date... She said, "How spicy?" and I asked her which was hotter - Medium or Mild, which my date found wildly amusing. Because I thought every place is a little different, right? Sometimes Mild is hotter, sometimes Medium is hotter? No, apparently not, according to my date. Apparently Mild is always hotter than Medium no matter where you go, and I'm an F'n spicetard. But our valiant waitress, bless her heart, jumped right to my defense, saying no, I was no spicetard, people asked her that all the time. All the time. Now, I don't know if that's true or not, but I appreciated her saying it just the same.The menu is loaded with vegetarian options, and they'll replace meat with tofu for the ones that aren't (still might want to check sauce ingredients). Shared the sweet and sour tofu and a shrimp dish (can't remember the name) and both were equally delicious. The Thai iced tea was tasty, too - sweet, but not too sweet.
4	Best Thai I have found in Phoenix, so far.  This is not just excellent Thai food for Phoenix, this is excellent Thai food for the Bay Area.  It's that good.  Thai Lahna's food will intrude into your thoughts for days after you eat here.  Like gustatory flashbacks, you will find yourself thinking about how wonderfully flavorful everything was.We had dinner here with Christine O & Myles (+1) and shared 2 appetizers and 4 entrees.  We had Chicken Satay and Angel Wings.  The Satay was the least interesting item we had, it was merely good.  Everything else was great.Our entrees were Phaht Thai which we ordered with no spice and Khung Nahm Prik Pow which was sauteed shrimp with roasted curry paste, onions, chili, bell peppers and mushrooms.  Our friends ordered a spicy pineapple fried rice and a beef dish which I can't recall the name of.  All of the dishes were richly flavorful and had plenty of sauce to carry over to the steamed rice.One enjoyable highlight was the point counter-point going from the spicy heat of the rice to the almost sweet sauciness of the Phaht Thai.  We can't wait to get back here and try more dishes.My only complaint about this place is that they need to put some sort of tinting on the windows to a height of about 3 feet.  When cars are pulling into the spots right in front of the restaurant some diners were blinded by the headlights.
4	Thai is my favorite cuisine on Earth, and in the four months or so that we've lived in Phoenix, we've tried quite a few places and have assembled a roster of places in the Valley that serve at least decent Thai. I'm happy to say that after eating at Thai Lahna with Jim W. and his wife Audrey, we now have another Thai place besides Swaddee (in Chandler) and Wild Thaiger (in downtown) that we're not just ok with going to but actually excited about. I'm docking Thai Lahna one star for the *really* slow service (I don't recommend going if you're on the verge of starving or with people you don't have much to say to), the less-than-stellar appetizers (the chicken satay was pretty bland and we've had better angel wings elsewhere), and that damn bright light from cars that were parking that kept blinding us that Jim W. mentioned in his review. All this aside, Thai Lahna's super-flavorful main dishes merit four stars. The Khung Nahm Prik Pow was filled with high-quality shrimp (rare for Phoenix!), lots of well-chosenand fresh vegetables, and a really complex and rich curry and chili sauce. It was different than any sautee I've had at a Thai restaurant before but incredibly delicious. The Mussaman Curry was also a real standout. The beef wasn't as high-quality or tender as the beef that comes in Wild Thaiger's version of the same dish, but the curry itself was rich, flavorful, and not overly coconutty (if that isn't a word, it should be). The pineapple fried rice was also super satisfying, but be forewarned that if you ask for it spicy (as my husband did), it will be just that - sinus-clearing spicy. My husband and I weren't in love with the Pad Thai (Phaht Thai on their menu) - we prefer it a little more savory and a little less saucey - but it was one of the better we've had in Phoenix and Jim W. is right that the noodles' sweetness was necessary in this case to balance out the intense spiciness of that rice!Thai Lahna serves authentic and flavorful Thai food that meets our Bay Area standards, and we will definitely be back. We won't, however, come when we are too hungry and we will probably avoid the appetizers and just go straight to the entree good stuff.
3	Two stars for serving a good squid dish, albeit a bit chewy, ordered medium spicy.  Was surprised Mom enjoyed it as much as I did, since she cannot handle the spice level that I can.  Wish they served more dishes I can try, but with my food allergies and the note asking for no substitutions, Thai Lahna's menus are very limiting, hence the rare two-star rating.  (I know of a handful of restos that cater to my allergy concerns.)  I won't be visiting TL again until I can choose more than ONE entree from their numerous  meal selections.The extra star is for their coconut ice cream served over sticky rice!  It's not everyday that I can savor the sight of my Mom enjoying her meal.
4	Still going strong after all these years and rightly so, Thai Lana rocks it every time.  Great food, fast courteous service, and mom-and-pop ambiance.  You really can't go wrong with any of the food here, but I especially love all of their curry dishes.
4	I've seen many reviews of this place, I finally have gotten the opportunity to go!My friend and I were lucky to not be plauged by the iffy service I've heard about in other reviews.  We were greeted quickly, and served VERY quickly.I can't remember the names of them, but for some reason I remember the number of the items -- one being 44, which was shrimp with veggies and coconut milk.  It was great -- the veggies were crunchy, the shrimp weren't rubbery (but maybe too few of them).  It had wonderful flavor.  I would definitely get it again.The other dish was 35, which was chicken with peppers, onions, and cashews.  It was wonderful too -- the veggies were nice and chunky, the chicken was tender, and the cashews were a nice additional texture.One of my few complaints is that soft drinks are served in a can.  Come on people, it's Phoenix!  It's hot and dry, and we're thirsty, dammit!!!!!  Pony up the $$$ and get a fountain!  Also, we ordered the food medium, and it really wasn't that spicy.  The last time I went to La's Thai and ordered medium, my taste buds were slashed and burned -- not so at Thai Lahna.  I will definitely go back -- but order my food a bit spicier next time!
4	Above average Thai food.
3	Not too bad.  Seems just like basic Thai food. Been here a few times and tried about 6 dishes.  All were good but not "oh my gawd" good.  The shrimp dish was good I remember that.  The iced tea is gross, get something else to drink.
4	So I really wanted to Yelp something today. So, a buddy (@groovypucks) and I went to Thai Lahna.  I noticed it had a LOT of reviews and still maintained a pretty reputable score!  Hey, its only a block or two from work, so why not?We get there and are immediately seated which in my opinion is rare.  For the rave reviews, I noticed it was kind of 'dead' for a lunch crowd.  A few old people and the owners were all I really noticed.  We get a booth seat (I love booth seats.  If I could work, sleep and eat in a booth seat, I would die a happy man) so I am already getting excited.  Groovypucks and I take way too long looking at the menu and finally decide on our dishes (which we accompanied with a Thai Tea).  I asked to make my curry spicy(#36 Yellow Curry Chicken with Green Beans), and it WAS!  Almost too spicy, but I attribute that to my lack of experience with their dishes.  If I were to order it again, I would order it medium.Groovy got a Peanut and Chicken dish (#35) with onions and peppers.  I tried a bit, as I am comfortable in my sexuality, and I really liked it.  It was Damn good! That's right, Capital D!  The service for the rest of the meal was below par, but not to the point that it was annoying.  It just took a little too long to get my food and my check at the end......And with this review I leave you with my fortuneIf strength were all,tiger would not fear scorpion.
5	In part, my five stars go out as a thank you.  This is the first Thai place I found in the valley where I left consistently happy.  Not dazzled, but happy.  I never experienced the snags in service that other reviews have mentioned, and every dish I tried was at the very least fresh-tasting and pleasant.  I always run Green Curry and Pad Thai as my first visit inquisition, and Thai Lahna aced them both.  Their Pad Thai is still very much in contention for my favorite in Phoenix.  The Green Curry has a great flavor, but lacks the array of vegetables that set a few other places apart.  So far, after over a dozen visits,  I have been very pleased with every dish I have tried, specifically remembering the coconut milk soup, yellow curry and pineapple fried rice in addition to the previously mentioned staples.  In all honesty, I probably feel a little more 4-starry about Thai Lahna, but because it made me believe there could be good Thai food here, I add the fifth for now.  Plus I need it to be ahead of Thai Rama, which sucks.
3	I tried Thai Lahna tonight after my Metta Yoga session next door with fellow yoga enthusiast Steve S. It was a little after 7 and Thai Lahna was pleasantly empty. You know, there were a handful of diners enjoying their meals but the small storefront was still quiet and servers meandered around checking in on guests and greeting us when we stepped in. I thought the decor was impressive in that it was actually Thai, not just generic Asian like other Thai places I've been to. Steve agreed that it was "Thai-ed together" well.  sigh.The menu reads like a novella, but of course I only have to flip to the Vegetarian page. There were two or three appealing Veg options but the rest seemed pretty bland; noodles with vegetables, broth with vegetables, white rice with vegetables. I went for #93 the steamed tofu with...white rice and vegetables, with a 'light soy' sauce. My dining companion ordered #41, a shrimp and veg entree.Service was quick and both the servers seemed friendly enough, and pretty quick with the water refills and ice spill disasters. I thought my dinner was decent with a standard mix of veggies, but seasoning wise found it basically salty and surprisingly oily. I wasn't expecting a spice explosion but sodium alone doesn't do it for me. I would like to come back and to try a few apps or other vegetarian options, and at $7.95 a dinner its a decent wallet-friendly choice. Oh and at the end of the meal when we were comment on the decor we were presented with two chinese fortune cookies which kind of broke the mood...especially since my fortune wanted to teach me how to say "long time" in chinese. yeeeah.
4	Mmmm.... Thai Lahna. Thai Lahna is the person you spy from across the room that you're not too sure about but then after talking to them you find out that they're pretty damn cool. Yeah, that's my Thai Lahna.My group walked into the store front restaurant and were greeted immediately. Some of the crew had already arrived and arranged for a large table to be assembled. Nice! We sat down to look over the menu. I already knew that I wanted to order the pad thai because that's my "test dish" for thai places I've never been to. I also selected the masaman curry. There were six of us and everyone got dishes to share. When the food came out, it was a TON of food. We decided to do the good ol' Yelp Conveyer belt (chomp, chomp, give). My pad thai and my curry were spot on, and perfectly spicy. Everything I had was very good. I don't think I had an issue with anything. So why not a 5 star review? Simply put it's not the best Thai food that I've had, but it's pretty damn close and the service was a bit lacking. Thai Lahna is a must try if you're in the mood for some savory, spicy food!
4	Ok, if you watched Seinfeld, you are familiar with the term "soup Nazi" and you know where I am going with this... The food is AMAZING. The best Thai in Phoenix (next to Thai Rama their 2nd location) but the service, ughh well, keep your expectations VERY LOW. Special requests are not welcomed and rarely honored, but the food is well worth the emotional abuse you endure. Check it out, it is a great eat!
4	Love this place.  The  red coconut curry sauce is awesome, and their hot is HOT. Normally, if there's an "mild, medium, hot" option, i go with hot and still end up asking for tabasco or siracha or whatever.  Not this place.  I've actually started ordering medium.I've never had an issue with the service.  Sometimes they take a while to take your order but as long as the food comes out hot (which their's always does!), I'm a happy girl.I try to get a different appetizer every time and they've all been great.  The only thing I wish they would start doing (besides getting a soda fountain) is offering individual soup sizes.  Yeah, those bowls with the fire in the middle are cool looking, but I can never get soup here because my boyfriend thinks Hot and Sour tastes like a foot! Now that i think about it, I bet if I asked they would work something out for me, but the rest of the menu looks so good I've never been short of options.  Just to reiterate what i said in the beginning: Red...Coconut...Curry.   I don't remember the number. Chicken or Shrimp are both good. You won't be sorry.
4	I recently was craving Thai food and came across some pretty stunning reviews for Thai Lahna. I must say... I was REALLY impressed! My table started with the vegetarian hot and sour soup. Everyone really seemed to enjoy the flavors and the plethora of veggies. I love those little flaming soup bowls they use. I ordered the yellow curry with tofu, mild/medium as my entree. That is generally my staple Thai item and it was REALLY good. Extremely flavorful and a great portion size. The restaurant itself was pretty small and the bathroom scenario left a little to be desired, but I was certainly impressed with our quality of service. We split the bill four ways and added a cash to-go order. The poor girl handled our complicated check out very well. I can't believe I lived within walking distance from Thai Lahna for over a year and missed out on such a delicious place!!
4	Woo hoo! Thai Lahna now has a website: http://thailahna.com/index.html. It will be so much easier for me to order to-go now!
4	When I have a hankerin' for a new Thai place, I contact Chris T.  He recommended Thai Lahna and I am a bit perturbed that it's so close to my house.  You see, I go pretty often.  Like twice a month.  I always get the #35, which is a peanut dish in a brown sauce.  It's orgasmic.  Seriously.  It comes with chicken, but you can substitute tofu, which is key in my book.  Staff is very friendly, though I almost always get take-out.  I drool as I drive home with my bag neatly closed, smelling it down Indian School.
4	I love Thai food. And I like it hot. Thai Lahna wraps these two expectations up in a perfect package. It's the most authentic Thai food in the Valley! Like so many culinary jewels in the Valley, the restaurant is nestled in a strip mall between a tanning salon and a yoga studio. The tables are covered in the same silks that I brought back with me from my own Thailand adventure and the staff is super friendly.  I am addicted to the hot and sour soup with chicken. It's served piping hot with tons of vegies and even more flavor. I always choose the lemon grass flavor, but I'm sure the coconut one is equally delectable. The Green Curry (#71) is also a favorite because I'm a big fan of bamboo shoots. I usually get it with chicken. I also love the #55 (which I can't actually pronounce, yet alone spell) with beef.   For lunch, the #6 will change your life. I like it with chicken and a TALL glass of water. I always order is spicy but for the faint of heart I would recommend going with the mild version.  I generally order takeout but dining in is also a fun experience. I have not had one bad meal here and the price point is right on! Take a group of friends and have fun!
4	When it comes to Asian style privately owned restaurants, most of them run into each other for me. Thai Lahna, on the contrary, is in a league of it's own. The scene is what any would expect, and the service is curt, but the food is what you're coming for, right? The portions are generous, with no shortage of protein. The sauces are so far above average, it makes the entrees at other local restaurants taste like happy meals.I'm not kidding here, if they only offered their sauces over rice I would still go as much as possible. But let's not detract from the content, all ingredients are cooked to perfection. The bamboo shoots have never been too firm. The chicken has never been too tough. The scallions never wilted. Down sides: table-side manner (servers are all about the business here), only canned sodas, long wait when it's busy (but it's hard to hate on a place that is too busy), how full you are for hours after leaving... ENJOY!!!
2	Disappointing, but I have to preface by saying that my taste is spoiled by the diverse Thai restaurants in Southern California (LA and SD), so my standards may not be representative of Scottsdale. We ordered: Beef Pad See Ewe (missing that "pan-fried" taste, it's soggy and too salty) Chicken Pad Thai (sauce was not infused into the noodle) Green Curry (okay) #29 Pork dish (i think)--too oily Thai Tea-- Decent Fried Rice--They ran out of crab so we got the chicken instead--nothing to write home about No mango with rice because they were out of season. Sob Sob We really had high hopes, but were left high and dry, plus an uneasy feeling of grease in our tummies...Sorry to contradict the high ratings, but if you are a spoiled brat and come from the land of diversity, you too will understand. :)
4	Now that is some spicy Thai food!  When it comes to choosing Asian in Phoenix one usually has to be pretty selective.  Thai Lahna takes away some of that selective pressure.  As an appetizer we had the Chicken Satay.  It was okay but didn't blow me away.  The peanut sauce, however, was really, really good.  Which made up for the kind of tasteless Chicken Satay.  For entrees we chose the Pad Thai and the Fried Rice.  We ordered the Pad Thai medium and the rice hot.  The Pad Thai was definitely on the flavorful spicy side.  It did make me sweat and cleared out my sinuses.The Rice was really good...Although scallions and onions in the dish made it a bit too oniony.  Next time we would probably tell them to hold the scallions back.  The rice was also like a nuclear explosion going off in your mouth.  It was wonderful!  The portion sizes were good without going overboard.  I will definitely be enjoying Thai Lahna again.  Next time I want to venture into their curry dishes.  I give this restaurant 4 Noms!
4	One of the best Thai Restaurants in Phoenix. Nothing fancy from the outside, but inside provides an authentic vibe, great service and amazing food at good prices. The new website (includes photos of dishes) helps with take-out ordering. The Pad Thai and #35 on the menu are a must.
3	food was good as expected, but service was slow.  Really not a problem since I wasn't looking forward to returning to the office anyway haha.  We got an appetizer salad to share and I ordered chicken himaphan lunch special which comes with soup, wonton & spring roll.  After an hour and 15 minutes I returned to the office fat & happy.
2	I was a bit disappointed by this little place, as I've heard so many good things. I always order the same dish at every Thai restaurant (pad Thai) so it gives me a good basis for comparison.The pad Thai here was a bit soupy, and was severely lacking in veggies. It didn't come with tofu either, which was too bad (all of the other vegetarian dishes did, however). It seemed to be made up of sauce and bean sprouts, with a few noodles thrown in. I wouldn't rush out to this place. There are plenty of other phenomenal Thai joints around.
4	Ever since sponsoring a Thai officer many years ago in another life I lived in another place.. I havent really ying yanged for the Thai til recently.. I had visions of his fish eye lime ridden soup in my head for years.. bless his hard working, soul.. It did me my hard to please self in on the Thai food for at least 10 years... However.. when on date night.. Mark took me here.. said I would love it.. but refused to tell me the name first.. bc as he said..'I dont want you yelping it for the critics ratings first before you try it first yourself'.. BTW I never do that!! Im confident enough to know what I yelp and like and dont.. FYI! You know what.. he was right.. I love it.. The soup is awesome.. I could have made a meal of it.. It comes in a authentic pot , all lit and hot! I had the Pad Thai.. keeping it real and keeping it simple Thai for this first time back to the Thai after all these years.. Im a new fan.. love it.. cant wait to go back and get more adventurous.. JUST no fish eye soup.. never ever again!
1	Talk about a stomach ache.  Too bad I can not give this place a 0 or negative star review.  First off, I have eaten very authentic Thai food in Thai Town in Hollywood.  The prices are dirt cheap and the food is excellent.  This place the food was more pricey and I had tremendous stomach and digestion problems the next 3 days!  My best friend who is Thai thinks that the curry I got lacked the curry.  Thai curry has the peanut sauce and curry base.  He thinks I got all peanut and no curry.  Just thinking how much peanut I might have ingested makes me want to puke right now.
4	Through unusual circumstances, I ate at three Thai restaurants within 24 hours the other day -- Bejarong Thai in Mesa for dinner, Thai Lahna for lunch the next day, and Malee's Thai Bistro for dinner that evening. And the winner is ... good ol' dependable Thai Lahna. I realize, though, that I am in a bit of a rut as to what I order there and need to branch out to some of their seafood and vegetarian entrees before I can call myself a Thai food aficionado. Also, my Far Eastern journey led to the pleasant discovery of Bejarong, which comes in second. Malee's -- I appreciate your twists on Thai food, but my half-plate entree was not worth the $9 I paid for it.
1	Me want to likey likey but no can do. I'm disappointed in this place and the 4-star rating it got. How misleading. I should have known this place was no good when I didn't see a single Thai person in the joint. Don't tell me they were all in the back cooking either. Its like walking into a Mexican restaurant and all the wait staff were Chinese. Well... now its sounding like ChinoBandito. Anway--- I digress.I came in for lunch and the menu was expansive! I've never seen so many words that begin with K.  I wanted to try something different than my regular pad thai, curry, tom yum but I couldn't decide and went off something from their lunch menu. I think it was Thai bbq chicken with spicy sauce. I figured, I can't go wrong with that. Not traditional Thai but I couldn't make up my mind about the others. Well, they ran out. I wasn't sure if they ran out of Thai bbq or chicken. Apparently its bbq so I settled for the sesame chicken. Bad idea. When in Thai- I should probably order Thai... but... um.. how do you screw up sesame chicken? The Panda Express has mastered it! Now you!It will be a while before I try this place out again but I just didn't expect them to not be able to cook. I will start at a one-star for now and promise to order an authentic dish next time so I can be a better judge.I did have the thai milk tea and that was good. So one-star for good tea!
5	Spending the year in Denver is causing me to have Thai Lahna day dreams...even if I was just there two weeks ago for a little Christmas vacation. I've been going to this magical place for over fifteen years...right Mom? and I never walk away disappointed. Lately, we've been dining in more than taking out and that has been a real treat. The serving staff aren't necessarily there to give you the best service, but to give you the best authentic Thai food you will ever have! They're letting you into their territory and I'm letting you in on our little secret of the best Thai in Arizona! If you're a Pahd Thai fan then look no further, this is THE BEST YOU WILL EVER HAVE!!!!! The sauce they use is mouthwatering and is causing me to have a panic attack because it's so good! I admit I get it on the mild side because I'm a major wimp, but even my friends and family have loved it at any spicy level.On my 22nd birthday I took my friends in to try this amazing place and all of them have come running back to it!! Whether its the curry, noodles, rice, or soup that you want, they have it. Perfectly seasoned and waiting to be devoured. Try everything and anything and I promise you will always be satisfied!
5	Best Thai in Phoenix in my opinion.  I love their extensive menu and the service is great.  The Chef here cooks ALL the time, so the food is consistent and wonderful.  Try the Phat Thai is the best I've ever had (and I've had a lot of Phat Thai).  Always clean and has a fun and funky interior design.  Enjoy!
4	This place has such good food.  The Thai curry is great.  Only issue, you have to ask the wait staff to fill up your water or drinks as they must think that Arizona is scarce with water.  I would give them a 5 star but I just can't because of the waitstaff.
4	Things I loved: The Thom Kha Ta-lay (med) was creamy, spicy, and FULL of seafood and fresh kaffir leaves. The chicken satay had a nice char but was still juicy (so rare!). The cucumber and onion relish was surprisingly sweet and a great counter to the heat. Things I only liked:The Pork Kwediaw Kraphrao (mint and pepper stir fry with egg noodles) was not as mediumly spiced and could have used a touch more mintyness. They were out of Pumpkin Custard, which made me very sad as it sounded awesome.Verdict: I would go back to try a curry or rice dish, for sure!
2	much overdue review, but...i guess it doesn't matter what was ordered here, because somebody has a heavy hand as far as salty condiments are concerned, so dishes are peculiarly salty, and it is possible that while en route to our table, someone surreptitiously powdered the food with yes, even more salt. flavor isn't necessarily bad, but if you didn't know, i prefer a blend of flavor(s), not just a flavor (salty). if you are luckily having salticious cravings, and would like to experience edema and other related salt and water retention, this is a great place.
5	I love the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. I ordered a spicy dish and it's so good. Mmmmm
2	This place is the equivalent of salt lick Thai. I could taste very little else over the heavy hand with the sodium in the kitchen. None of the mouth watering aromatics that normally characterize Thai were detectable either. Sorry basil, lemongrass, coconut milk and galanga. "Mixed vegetables" consisted of bamboo shoots and green beans (very adventurous), and the bamboo shoots were undercooked and mega crunchy. Hot apparently translates to a mild tingle on your tongue, so don't go expecting to sate your Scoville craving. And to top it all off the portions we received were meager for the prices. I might have caught them on a bad day, but there's much better Thai to be had in the valley. Even though I live in Arcadia, I don't think there's any way I'm coming back.
3	Some of the best Thai food I have had in Phoenix, and I have tried almost all of them. The downside is that the service is TERRIBLE! Even when I call for take out orders. I have never had someone be so rude to me on the telephone before, I asked a question if they had a certain dish and the lady said no and abruptly hung up on me. If you can fight your way through the rudeness on the phone, you are in for a treat with the food . . . or just go down the street to Old Town and go the Malee's. RUDE RUDE RUDE
4	I have to admit that Thai food is probably some of the best to come out of Asia. Healthy for the most part, great flavor and color, and not deep fried for the most part. I have lived down the street from Thai Lahna for nearly 2 years and I just now stopped in. Can't really say why I wanted so long, but the point is that I made it, right? Soooo good! The menu explained what each dish was very well and all sounded great. Took nearly 15 minutes finally pick one out. I got the #36 - I don't remember the name of it but it was a Thai curry sauce with chicken and green beans with medium heat.... soo soo good! And my friend got the #33 - a garlic sauce with chicken and onions on a bed of lettuce (I would ask for no lettuce next time for sure)... his was great as well, he was looking for something similar to a dish he ordered at Thai Rama and this one was damn near close to the exact same thing. *Note: there "hot, medium or mild" sauces are pretty dead on, the hot it way hot and the medium is pretty perfect, might have an ulcer the next day but tastes great at the time.
2	I thought I try out Thai Lahna based on the many positive reviews.  This would be my first time to sample Thai food. Meh is how I would descibe the food. So it looks like I won't be booking any vacations to Thailand anytime soon. My wife and I ordered noodles with shrimp, Kung Pao chicken and pork barbeque for take out ($32). The food was bland and flavorless in my opinion.
4	I'm a fan of the joint - but like my friend quoted on her review, I'm disappointed in the amount of vegetables you receive in your meal. The green curry was AWESOME - but it only came with bamboo shoots and green beans. Next time I'm going to ask for extra veggies and see what happens, but even if it's just extra green beans, I'm happy with their curry. My date had their pad thai and it looked great. Yes, there are better thai food places out there (Wild Thaiger has impressive plating and food with lots of veggies), but this one is pretty close to me, and easy to get take out.
5	They have arguably the best thai food in phoenix, however they are only open about half of the time that I want to eat there... They close for a few hours in between lunch and dinner during the week, and sometime they will just be closed with a handwritten sign saying they will be open the next day.  Very inconvenient, however the food is sooooo good that I can't help but go back again and again!  5 stars!
2	I have been here 3 times.  The first two times the food was good and everyone was nice.  It's a little dirty and dark in the dining room, but I don't mind an old divey place if the food is good.  Yesterday I went there with a colleague for lunch and they brought us water.  We waited for 15 minutes for the server and then left and went to Pei Wei instead because there were 3 other tables waiting for the server when we got there.  And they weren't that busy.
4	Okay, still a solid 4 stars, but I have to update to make sure everyone is aware that if there was a soup good enough to warrant putting up with the beratings of a moody Saddam Hussein doppelganger a la Seinfeld, it would be the #15 soup at Thai Lahna.  It's absolutely incredible.  Mouthgasm in every spoonful.  I don't even want to know what's in it because it definitely tastes like "butter" is one of the top 3 ingredients, which makes it awesome for my mouth but not so awesome for my ass. But it's totally worth it.
5	I admit that this restaurant is in my neighborhood and has been a mainstay for us for several years, with 2-4 visits per month with consist ant quality and yummy-tude. My personal Thai favorite dish is Tom Kah Guy soup and Thai Lahna's is the version I use to measure all other Thai places we try when we are traveling. The menu is expansive and usually the selections are top notch. We will keep going back as long as they keep the doors open. And, BTW, if you get the chance, try the pumpkin custard and Thai tea with cream.
4	The first time I tried this place I had no desire to return. However, over the years my family has coaxed me to go back several times and I have to admit, I'm glad they have. Had several tasty dishes here, but I can only specifically recommend the Thai Omelette... it's damn good... that is all.
3	Meh. That's what I've got.My partner and I shared a Tom Kah soup. There was lots and lots of soup, but not much on the way of flavor. I found it a little bland...and even though it was on the vegetarian page, I thought it tasted slightly of chicken broth, so I didn't finish it, though I normal would have. Not stingy in the way of veggies, but not much flavor either...Now, I also ordered my panang curry mild...but here, no absence of taste. No, I was gulping down glass after glass of water. My partner tried it (she likes spicy food), and told me it was pretty spicy. I made it through the veggies and the tofu, but then had to stop. Way too spicy for me.Another think was that there are no changes. I hate onions, and was not pleased that there was no way to order any of the other dishes without onions. Their service was also incredibly slow, but I've found that to be pretty typical of Thai places in AZ.I will say that my partner enjoyed her chicken dish, which actually came out at the spice level she asked for.I don't know if I'll go back again...I much prefer Tips 88 and Thaiger.
3	Your standard Thai fare, but there's much better Thai food in Phoenix (e.g. Thai Basil, Thai Rama). Their yellow curry is all chicken, hardly any onions or potatoes.
3	Their red curry is not Thai style but Laos.  I didn't really dig the curry.   One thing I hated about the place,  I have to ask multiple times to get refill.  I don't have much to say about the place, since it is just typical Thai place, and nothing intriguing.  But food is okay to  good depending on what you order..  Soup is too salty and not much of flavor.  I don't think I will be visiting this place in the future!
4	Delicious mom and dad place.  I really like their Tom Yum soup.  Some of the best yellow curry around.  Great compromise between price and ambiance.  It's mom and pop but its not super scary inside (i.e. its bright and clean) Take a bunch of friends and order lots!
3	A Piping Hot Bowl of Red Vegetable Curry Hit the spot on a Cold Rainy Day in Phoenix. It was my first time here. There was one other person dining at the time. It took at least 5 minutes for me to be noticed. Since I was in a hurry I decided to order to go. I was told it would be about ten minutes and that was pretty accurate. I sat at a table and ate my to go curry. It was a huge portion, the flavor was pretty good and it had a Ton of veggies in it! My only complaint is that the veggies were really mostly bamboo shoots, celery and baby bok choy, with a few carrots and green beans. I would have like more variety and maybe some eggplant. The Restaurant was small and cute, I would return again when I'm in the area and craving Thai and have more time to go through the menu.3 stars for now, until I try it a few more times.
3	This place was alright,  I'm still looking for a place like that late night stand that I frequented so much in Chiang Mai... I haven't had much luck here in Phoenix...
3	This place is right up the street from my house! I adore having a good thai restaurant so close, as it is some of my favorite food. Pros: Their Yellow Curry is pretty delicious, of course there are a few more potatoes than chicken but whatever. I've also had the Panang and it was good as well! I am a lover of all things curry. Everything else I've had bites of have been tasty. I don't think I've had anything here that I didn't enjoy. Their "spicy" scale seems to vary a bit - I usually get hot but one day it about blew my eyeballs right out of my head! Now I ask for medium with a side of the chillis to spice it up to my liking.Cons:Their service is horrible. I've had them lose my appetizer order more than a few times with hardly an "oops" to say for themselves. I just don't order one anymore. It's also about impossible to flag anyone down after waiting forever for a check or - gasp - drink orders. Once I went in and sat down and wanted a beer, but literally had to go up to the counter to (politely) say something as no one seemed interested in taking our drink order for about 10 minutes. I don't mind waiting a bit for some yummy food to cook up but there really is no excuse for a long wait on drinks, especially when you're one of 3 tables in there. And I'm a pretty patient person.That being said, I'm willing to deal with the crappy service because I like their food and it's really close to my house. If they spruced up their timeliness and friendliness a bit this would definitely be a favorite of mine!
4	This is my favorite Thai food restaurant in my neighborhood because their food is consistently delicious.  Their prices are reasonable.  This mom and pop place is cozy and simple.  It is great for dinning in or take out.
1	This restaurant is mediocre Chinese type at best... Ordered the green curry and a red curry... The green curry was a lumpy, floating in grease mess.  The red was equally as greasy and neither had coconut milk in them??  I can't believe this place is still in business.  We did call as soon as the containers were opened to ask exactly WTH they were, and they were quick to offer a refund to our card (something tells me they get many similar calls)... Not authentic thai by far.
5	This place is in my top thai places ive ever been to and ive been to many around the country!! I am obssessed with thai food since i was in grade school when i tried pad thai for the first time and i was hooked...their panang curry is AMAZING and i always get it spicy!! The pad thai green and yellow currys are also delicious...this place isnt fancy or expensive its perfect for take out or a casual lunch or dinner...love it everyone should try it!!
3	Tasty lunch specials at a great price of $7.95.  I chose the Lahna chicken which came with wonton soup starter (lots of green onions - yum), spring roll, fried wonton + sauce, Thai slaw, chicken with dark sauce.  Pretty good but I'd like to go back and try a more standard Thai dish with more cooked veggies.Note: I didn't taste the saltiness that others complained about.
1	So... I went to this place off of word of mouth for goo thai food. I took my 2 sisters and a friend. Tea was really good so I thought we were off to a good start.  My sister started off with cabbage raps that were over salted and not good. We all placed an order for different things so that we can get a feel for the restaurant. I ordered a noodle dish.... they brought me a rice dish. I was trying to tell the waiter that the dish was wrong and they were very rude and would not help me at all. I attempted to waive down another waiter and asked for a manager and they told me that he would not come out. After that My 9 months pregnant sister was served her sweet chicken.. (now keep in mind she is a little less patience then normal in this last month so not so easy to please).. gets her food and it was cold and bland and dry. She asked for them to fix it and got push back so then asked if can then order something else. The waitress said yes and then took the order. 15 Min goes by and she asked what was the eta of her food and the waitress said that they manager told her that she sent her food back and that he was not making her anything else....... Crazy right! SHE WAS VERY UPSET, NOT ONLY DID THEY SAY THAT THEY WOULD BUT THEN THEY DIDNT EVEN TELL HER THAT THEY WERE NOT GOING TO BRING HER ANYTHING ELSE.  We asked to speak to a manager and then he came out from the kitchen and yelled at us to get out and leave that he will no longer serve us. I don't care how good the food is....THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN. I HAVE WORKED FOR RESTURANTS AND HAVE NEVER HAD PEOPLE TREAT THERE CUSTOMERS THIS WAY!!!!!!
4	Found this place as we were driving by wondering what we felt like for lunch. Glad we stopped because this place is a keeper. The staff is legit, service is decent considering how busy it was during the lunch rush and the food is just amazing. We had our usual fare at any Thai place. The dishes we use to measure our fondness for the place. Yellow curry and pad thai. The lunch portions are good for a good price. The yellow curry had tons of chicken in it and was delicious. The pad thai was tasty and peanutty...just how I like it. I'd like to go back and try their Tom kha Kai - the coconut milk soup and I wanted to try their dessert - mango with sticky rice - but I was already too full to handle it. That's okay, another reason to go back.
2	Went on Sat night at about 7:30pm, and place was about 30% full..somewhat worrisome for Sat night of Mothers Day weekend.  I ordered red curry with chicken and my wife ordered steamed tofu with vegetables.  They were out of the steamed tofu and so she settled for eggplant and vegetables.Had a glass of chard.before dinner--good price, average wine.Food came fast.  Curry dish had lots of chicken, excellent curry spice but lots of salt.  Only had carrots in it.  Menu had "no substitutions" all over it--not very flexible in that area!  Her dish had the eggplant so tough she had to order a knife to cut it.  After the meal, when we complained about the eggplant, the waitress said "I'm sorry".  When we asked if she couldn't do anything more about it, she then offered to take 50% of her meal.  The service overall was polite but not attentive.Total bill for two entrees, one glass of wine and no dessert or appetizers was $23.00 and then they took $5.00 for the bad eggplant.In summary: all the good reviews we had found about this operation seemed to be "old" or maybe the lead chef was not there this night, because we would not go back.  Reasonable prices, ok atmosphere for a strip mall Thai restaurant, some dishes are probably excellent, but overall, not good enough service to make up for an average to poor meal experience.Rob A, May 7th, 2011.
5	Absolutely the best red curry in history.  Wife loved the brocoly chicken.  I live in Idaho and there are only 2 restaurants in Phoenix I go out of my way for.  Thai lahna is one of them..
4	I go this place often. Curry is always good and the coconut chicken soup is the best in the valley. I order rice with the soup. Yummy!!! Service is usually not the best. I have had a lot of frustrations trying to do pick up orders. They don't answer the phone or put you on hold forever and forget about you....but once you get your food its worth it!!
4	Yay I am here with a happy update! The past few times I have been back, they have NOTICEABLY improved both timeliness and friendliness, which brings them to a solid 4 stars in my book. Kudos, Thai Lana, Kudos.
4	The vast majority of restaurants don't last 5 years.  Thai Lahna has lasted for decades and for good reason.  Consistently above average in every category - food, service, value, and a comfortable atmosphere ideal for a date or dining with friends.  My worst experience here was better than my best at some places in Arcadia.
4	A great takeout restaurant, it is a sit down restaurant as well but I don't much care for the atmosphere of the restaurant. The food is delicious, I recommend the yellow curry with chicken.
3	I visited Thai Lahna during lunch on a Thursday and the place was empty when we arrived, but as me and my coworker we're leaving, the place was nicely filled. A great hole-in-the-wall spot, quaint,  with unique ethnic-looking decor.I ordered the fried noodle dish with chicken. The dish was greatly presented and the dish was good, except the sauce was a little too sweet for my taste. I was wanting some spice!They have several dishes I'd like to try out, so I'll probably be back...
4	I love this place for their pad-thai; it's SO flavorful and delicious! With the perfect amount of heat too! I find that the chicken is a little dry, so I order it without and stick with all prawns. SO GOOD!I've only tasted the other dishes from friends plates. I find the curry (I've tired yellow) is a little salty (and lacking in something...) I generally stick with the pad thai, since it's so good. I have had the chicken in coconut broth. It is pretty good, has a lot of lemon grass flavor and, obviously, coconut. Again, I find the chicken is a little dry (you wouldn't think that for a soup, but, it is) presentation is really cool....they serve it in a silver, thai style bowl, with a flaming center (you generally share it with the table, all dipping from the same bowl).I've never had problems with service, they are very friendly, a little slow, if anything. It is a small restaurtant, a little out-dated, but o.k.
5	What a joy to discover Thai Lahna with my friend Keith Galbut who has been going here for over 10 years. I can see why. Family owned and operated - and everyone is very friendly and helpful. Of course all that matters is the food, right - and it's marvelous. We tried several dishes and all were well spiced and wonderful. Highly recommended.
1	Even after hearing about this place for years, I had still not taken the time to check it out.  Tonight was the night.When my friend and I walked in, the waitress looked at us, then the clock and with a big sigh said, "We close at 9:30."  We thought about informing her that it was only 8:45, which meant they were open for nearly another hour but, instead, we just turned around and walked out.I doubt I will ever return.  What a nasty first impression to give out to people.  Judging from some of the other reviews on in, I'm not the only one underwhelmed with the customer service here.  Can't judge the food.
5	This is the best Thai restaurant in Phoenix. The food is authentic Thai and delicous. The prices are good and the portions are good sized. The yellow curry is fantastic, as is the whole chicken. My husband and I are consistent customers, we go to celebrate anniversaries and birthdays and have always had good service. l always enjoy the food and will always go back. Too bad not open on Sundays. I highly recommend this restaurant for excellent Thai food.
5	BEST Thai ever... and consistently wonderful.  Been a customer for almost twenty years.  Super nice people, too.  Atmosphere is nice, you can definitely dine there & take out of course!
2	I got to the restaurant, looking forward to some great Thai food in the area. Lunch hours end at 2:30 (they close before dinner), and I arrived at 2:10. Didn't think it would be a big deal. When I walked in, the lady immediately told me that they close at 2:30 and handed me a menu as if I should order takeout. I asked, "Can I eat here?" and she said I could. I sat down, looked at the menu for maybe 1 minute, and she came by and wanted to take my drink and food order at the same time. When I told her that I was still looking, she again reminded me they close at 2:30. I should have gotten up and left figuring I was not going to have a relaxed lunch, but I did not. The dish I ordered had a star by it, indicating it was spicy but could be modified to customer's taste. So when I ordered it, I asked if it could be prepared mild, and she said no. Okay then. The food came quickly and it was good, but they made it clear they wanted me gone quickly by giving me the check right away and asking if I wanted a takeout container while I was eating. I must have made them uncomfortable reading the New Times while I was eating. Here's the kicker--after I boxed up my food and was opening my fortune cookie and finishing my drink, some other lady came over (she put a vacuum nearby) and said, "I'm sorry, we close, 2:30." I glared at her and told her I was almost finished. Someone needs to tell them that the doors should LOCK at 2:30, but not to expect everyone to scram if they are having a meal. I will never go back.
1	I used to love this place but I suspect it has changed owners in the past few years.we had a friend in town who fondly remembered a meal he once had there so we decided to try it again.. It was a pretty bad experience with bad service-they were unprepared for a busy Friday night. What a disaster! The food is ok ( too salty) but the presentation, lack of care is evident both in service and overall experience.Someone at Thai Lahna needs to regroup and reorganize. I hope they get their act together because it is a great location and has been good in the past.
3	Whenever I'm in the mood for Thai, I order some take out from here. I've had a few things that were just okay, but have found that I love their Phaht Thai and prefer it with just chicken, no shrimp and no bean sprouts. Oh and medium heat. Yum!I don't think this is a place I would ever dine in at, but for Thai takeout, it's perfect , plus it's just two minutes away from me!
2	I came to this place several years ago, when I swear it was the only Thai restaurant in Phoenix.  I remember I really liked everything.  But this most recent trip after all those years made me realize it has really gone downhill.My first and biggest gripe is that they don't even have Thai Basil on the menu.  That should be a staple everywhere and it is my favorite dish.  Maybe it is hard to get fresh basil in the desert?  So instead I had some yellow curry with potatoes and chicken.  It was okay.  Nothing special.  The rest of our meal was just mediocre as well.  Also, the Thai iced coffee had cream in it, instead of sweetened condensed milk.  That is a big fail right there!  I am sure that by now there are many many better Thai food restaurants in the Valley.  Go and find them.  Pass this one by - unless you are really hungry and stuck in the strip mall for some reason.
4	I've been eating here for at least 15 years. And I must say its probably the only thai restaurant in the phoenix area that I will always return to. The food is tasty and consistent. I've tried many of the surrounding thai restaurants and most of them leave a lot to be desired. Thai Lana makes really good food. I recommend. Shrimp with chillis and mint I think is number 45 or 46 its tastey and I usually ask for one notch below thai hot so its hot but not so hot. Also I recommend the yellow or red curry. Coconut flavour and never watery just the rite amount coconut and spice. The portions are addiquete. I usually oder these two plates and invariably I always have some ledt over to take home.  A friend that is very much a steak and potatoes guy. He dosent care much at all for thai food. He really likes thai lana. In fact its been his suggestion that we dine here on our two most recent visits. The ony con I can think of is that they don't have brown rice. If they had brown rice I would give them 5 stars
5	I started going to Thai Lahna a few years back, and it's one of the few Thai restaurants that I keep returning to.  The Pad Thai uses thin noodles, which is unique and gives it a very different texture.  The pineapple fried rice has some awesome spices and the chunks of pineapple add a subtle sweetness to the whole dish.  Their curries are definitely good as well.The appearance is a bit of a "hole-in-the-wall" but if that bothers you, you can always call in for take-out instead.  Service has always been fast and polite for me, but that varies based on who your server is, so I can't make any promises there.Thai food is awesome for vegetarians, and Thai Lahna does not disappoint in this aspect.  It's one of those places where you can have a completely vegetarian meal and only notice that there was no meat after your meal.  They are definitely generous with their portions and their pricing is very reasonable.
5	Best Thai food ever.
4	Thai Lahna, some of the best flavors around. From the Tom Kai Gai, to their Prad Prik Khing rice, its just a food orgasm in your mouth. Like many, i'm always dissapointed in the service. They're shorthanded and they have their wait staff help with kitchen duties like cutting vegetables, etc I recommend either A. ordering take out or B. Order your food when you get there, to minimize the wait.
5	I went to Thai Lahna yet again last night because I am addicted.  The complexity of the curries are amazing, but I love the pineapple fried rice with curry powder, scallions, tomatoes, shrimp, chicken, spices-----and they will really heat it up with the peppers!  The staff are always very friendly.  I usually go once a week now that I'm back in the Phoenix area------oh, and don't forget the coconut ice cream!
4	This was one of the first places I dined at when I moved to Phoenix and I was quite impressed. The green curry tasted very authentic and service was impeccable. It's a must try!
1	When we first sat down, one of our party asked the server if they had sparkling water.  She, unfortunately, spoke very little English.  Rather than getting someone to help her with the question she didn't understand, she shoved the drink menu in his face and walked away.  WOW!We made our order, beginning with Chicken Satay.  The response - we are out of chicken satay.  So, we decided to go with beef satay.  A few minutes later, she came back and said they were out of that also.  So, we decided on the egg roll.  We were very upset to see the table next to us receive an order of chicken satay.  What is going on here?Now, unlike every other decent restaurant on the planet, dishes do not arrive together at this restaurant.  My Phaht Thai (allegedly one of their specialties) arrived first.  I was about to dig in when they came and grabbed it away from me claiming it was for another table.  Then I watched as the dish that was on MY table was given directly to another diner.  No wonder this restaurant has so many Health Department violations.Finally, all the dishes arrived (one at a time) and we were able to eat.  The Thai Lahna Special Fried Rice (with chicken, beef, pork and shrimp) was the best thing we had - good flavor and tasty.  Not particularly generous with the meats, but for $9.95, we weren't expecting much.  The Kai Phaht Khahnah (Chicken stir-fried with broccoli in a light oyster flavored sauce) was the next best thing - the oyster sauce was really pretty good.  Everything else made us wonder if the chef could even find Thailand on a map.  The Phaht Thai was horrible.  It was basically rubber bands masquerading as noodles and bean sprouts with a couple small pieces of chicken and 2 shrimp.  The Vegetable Curry was unlike any curry I've ever seen.  The "sauce" was so thin and runny, it was more like a soup than a sauce.All in all, this was a terrible restaurant that I would highly NOT recommend.  The only thing good is the price.  Certainly not the food and DEFINITELY not the service.
2	I've had one okay experience at Thai Lahna and one pretty bad experience. The first trip, my friend and I received our food promptly and it was good. I had the pad kee mow and it was tasty and the serving size was large enough to have a take home box. The service was nothing to write home about but it wasnt awful. The second time I came with my husband, the service was deplorable. It took us 20 minutes just to get a glass of water and an acknowledgement of our presence. My husband ordered pad see eew (I'm so sorry I don't know the correct spelling, I'm just going phonetically here) and the waitress told him that they didn't have it. It's a pretty common thai dish so he asked for it by a different name, like drunken noodles, and she said she didn't know it again and only knew "the number" - common for restaurants with hard to pronounce dishes. She said she didn't know the names of the dishes, she just wrote down the numbers. She was really short with us and basically belted that if it wasnt on the menu they didn't have it. She then asked her colleague to come over to our table to again point out that they don't have the dish, and began speaking over our table to each other in Spanish. She then left for 10 minutes when someone from the kitchen staff came out. My husband asked again for the dish he desired and the staff member knew it immediately and put in the order. I can understand a fresh server and someone who isn't as familiar with the menu, but to be put on the floor with zero training and to be so rude to a customer really blows my mind.
3	Any thriving restaurant needs to understand the marriage of great customer service and consistent food. The consistency here is not a given. My first experience, the food was good as expected, tailoring alot of flavors to an American palette rather than your traditional Thai one. The service, like most reviews have stated, is courteous but very short handed and overwhelmed at peak dining hours. My last and most recent visit was somewhat disappointing. My panang curry was really flavorful and packed the right amount of spice. However, witnessing bad management practices definitely left a sour taste in my mouth. I ordered take out  ahead of time to minimize the wait but ended up spending over 30 minutes waiting simply for change. Scolding an employee and fighting over who the customer belongs to is never meant for display at the register. I'm disappointed given that Thais are known to be friendly and so welcoming.
4	one of the better thai food places in town.  try the pineapple fried rice and of course the standard pad thai.  Service is ok and a good place for take out too if you live close by.
3	Convenient - close to the house and easy. This was my first time here and it was eh. I got the beef and broccoli - I know, not a traditional Thai dish by any means, but I was in the mood. The sauce was good and the broccoli was cooked well but the meat was too thin, dry, bland but managed to taste weird. I ate everything but the meat and was still full so not a total loss. My boyfriend got the pad Thai and it was also only ok.I don't think I would return here, but I also don't want to judge it on a one time trip.
3	Food is great.  Bathrooms are disgusting (which naturally makes me wonder what the kitchen is like).  And the past four times I have been here, the service has been atrocious.  Tried to order two different beers, only to be told that they didn't have them.  Too bad the service is so bad because like I said...food is great.
2	Got the #13 Tom Yum soup, which was salty to almost unedible, with shrimp cooked to within an inch of their life, pretty poor example of this type of soupThe #54 Pad Thai was done reasonably well, however the menu states chicken and shrimp, there certainly was no shrimp in this dish it was just chicken, - Americanized but still tasty Based on this trip I would probably not return
4	I have been eating at Thai Lahna on and off for about 4-5 years now. Not many know but Thai Lahna is the first Thai Restaurant in Phoenix. This is what their chef/cook told me months ago when I was there. I don't know if this is true, but it made sense to me. When I first started enjoying the food here the one thing I did not enjoy was the service. Orders were wrong, and the servers rarely would come to refill drinks. I am happy to say that this has all changed. The servers are on top of their game making sure that all customers are being attended to in a timely manner. The Sweet and Sour Tofu was amazing!!!! I felt like I was having a desert and dinner at the same time. It was so good my friend and I ordered a second entree. The serving size for this entree seemed a little small, but on the other hand we get over served portions at most restaurants. Overall I really enjoyed my meal here and look forward to coming again. Also the Tom Kai Gai or however you spell it is amazing as well!
4	Love the Phat ti. (Pad Tie)? That's how it sounds. :-PAmbient - Walls and decar are all pretty much thai inspired.  Red table cloths and golden accents all around.  Dim lighting, coozy, booths and tables.Service - They are for the most part very attentive and friendly.Food - LOVE LOVE their pad ti or is Phat tai, well how ever it is spelled.  IT is DELICIOUS.  We have tried other places and its just not the same.  This is the place for Pad Tie! :-P
1	I have tried this place 4 times. The food is not very good. I have lived in Thai Land but don't expect to get the same excellent food here. I love Thai food and Thai people, don't think much of this place, I live close by but go elsewhere. The food is bland, overcooked and pretty Americanized. I have always been pleasant, patient and courteous but never gotten good service. The servers are lazy and sometimes rude and you are going to wait a longtime for every step of the service process. With so many good Thai restaurants in Phoenix there is no reason to eat here.
4	Thai Lahna is one of my favorite restaurants. We go there at least once a month, sometimes more. Their food puts every other Thai restaurant to shame. I always get the Phaht Sii-iiw Neua and my fiance gets the Panang Curry. I always want to try other dishes but then I remember how good Phaht Sii-iiw Neua is and can't say no to that. The noodles are fresh and the dish is spicy, but not so spicy that it overwhelms the flavor.The only issue with Thai Lahna is the service. We've stopped going in and just order Take Out now because of the service. We either get really awful service, super slow service. The one Thai server that we've ever seen is actually really nice, but the others are so rude. Thankfully the food is amazing, otherwise we would not get it.I thoroughly recommend trying Thai Lahna, your life will be incomplete without it. However I also recommend just getting it for take out. If you have to eat-in, do not sit in the corner, you will never be served.
5	Two times eating here and two times leaving very satisfied. The pad Thai is perhaps the best I've had in Phoenix. The panang curry was nothing short of addictive. The mango w/sticky rice was a delicious end to the first meal there. I believe they've been in business 30+ years making them the oldest Thai place still in operation. The service has been friendly, the location clean, so I will certainly be back!
1	I have been a customer of Thai Lahna for 12 years.  The service I have received on my last three visits has been so bad, I now pledge to never return.  I don't make this decision lightly because they have pretty good food.  Last night I placed an order to go and was told it would be ready in 20 minutes.  I arrived 25 minutes later and was told it would be ready in another 10 minutes.  After waiting another 30 minutes (a total of 55 minutes since I had placed the order), I asked to see the manager who had been in the kitchen this whole time.  I was told she would be right out.  I stood there at the cash register another 10 minutes; no manager.  I asked again to see the manager (my food order was still not ready).  From the kitchen I heard "Tell him I am too busy!"  That was the last straw.  I asked for a refund on my credit card.  Instead of a refund, they charged my card a second time.  While she was fixing that, my order finally came out.  I told them to keep the food and give me my money, which they finally did.  This is a place where management has completely lost touch with what service is all about.  The girl at the counter was trying desperately to help me.  If the manager had put forth even a half effort, I might have been able to shrug it off.  Her total dismissal of the customer prompts me to take my business elsewhere.  I would encourage you to do likewise.
1	We used to love this place and get take-out from there 2+ times a month but something happened over the last 12 months and their philosophy on customer service became non-existant. My girlfriend is vegan and we ordered (take out) pad thai without meat/egg. It had chicken, no biggie... We called them up and they told her that it did not have chicken in it and that we would have to take it back to prove they had prepared it wrong. When she brought it back, they hadn't even started cooking the food because they believed that she was lying. We swore we wouldn't go back... Today we thought we'd give it another go. I ordered chicken pad thai and wanted to replace the shrimp with veggies. After putting the phone down for minutes, I could hear her talking to the manager. They wanted me to get veggie pad thai and add chicken (Another $2). She told me that this is because they pre-prepare their food. We've decided to just get thai from Sa-Bai and they will get our 2+ times a month thai fix.
1	We used to go here a lot and service was always slow, but the other night service was horrible as we waited 5 minutes to be seated and another 10 minutes before leaving as we had not even received water or any interaction with our server... Very disappointed as their food was always good, but going to try something else next time.
1	Ok, I've ordered takeout from them twice now and it's been a challenge. The staff has no knowledge of the menu without ordering by numbers. The dishes are not spicy and portions are on the small side for the price. When I arrived both times I was not greeted and it was dead in there. I asked for chili oil just anything that would make the dish spicy and neither staff member knew what I was talking about. I will not be coming back just for the fact that they may not know where they are working!
2	Thai food is pretty easy to do well. Unfortunately thai lahna cuts a lot of corners and serves mediocre food. It's a neat little space with cool decorations but it's nowhere near the best thai you can get in the area Chicken satay was ok, but the peanut sauce was runny and gross. Chicken lahb (I normally see it called "larb") didn't have nearly enough citrus and I could feel granules of chili powder on my tongue. Green curry with beef was underwhelming in flavor and lacked any interesting tasty veggiesIf a friend made this meal for me, I'd be like great job, keep working at it! Unfortunately this is a restaurant, so it gets 2 stars
5	Used Yelp to find some Thai food while i am in Phoenix for business. Fast good service and excellent food. Highly recommend it!!!
5	I've been eating here for over ten years.  Each time I'm in the area around lunch time, I try to eat here. Over the years, the interior has stayed clean and fresh looking. The most important part being that the taste of the food has stayed consistent and delicious!  The menu has a good variety. Both the lunch and dinner prices are reasonably priced. It's nice that for over ten years, I can count on having good service and a good meal here!
3	Picked up food.  Had to wait a little too long for it to be ready despite calling ahead.Food itself was decent.  Had beef in red curry w green beans.  Wanted it Thai hot--it came kind of medium.  Good flavors but not enough heat and way way more beans than meat.  Also had a shrimp over lettuce app.  Liked the lemon grass flavors but the lettuce tended to get too soggy w all the sauce.Tasted my friends coconut chicken soup.  Good size portion but the flavors -- while good -- we're not as crisp and coconutty as I am used too.  I didn't see any Thai basil dishes...maybe it's an ATL v PHX Thai thing??When I'm back in town will check out some other places.
2	Would be 3.5 to 4 stars for solid food but phone was busy for an hour straight.  I decided to go there and place my order. I saw the phone was left off the hook for the last 2.5 hours...phone was ticking on screen. She then told me they were busy with orders and lied (server who was taking order at desk). I guarantee the owner who is very nice doesn't realize why no one called to put in order all night. I called every 2 minutes for an hour and no one even picked up order.
3	The food is good.  However, the service is really slow!  It is Saturday night and there is only one server.  There are 8 tables with dirty dishes on them that have not been bused yet.  Our food is taking forever to come out as well.
1	I love thai food and go to various thai restaurants weekly. I went here recently. Waited 10 minutes to be seated. Then waited another ten minutes before leaving. I overheard a "to go" customer complain about the wait. She had been there for an hour! Very dated decor is another negative.
4	Was the first Thai restaurant to nourish me with curries and noodles when I moved down to Phoenix and as such it holds the pole position when the call for massaman arises. Friendly family service offering all of the Thai standards we expect.  Fill up on the classics but don't leave without savoring the Mango with Sweet Coconut Sticky Rice dessert.
4	This food has me drooling every time I think about it. Great food and normal service. The only thing I dislike is the rice portion given. You are given the same amount even if your alone or with three people. They charge for extra, and that is my only concern.Other than that, great Thai tea and food.
1	Is the food here Thai or Chinese?? Where is the basil, an important ingredient in Thai cuisine, in their dishes?? And the fish sauce, another crucial ingredient that marks Thai flavors?? This could pass for Americanized Chinese food though but I'll pass on this place next time...
3	Delicious food, affordable pricing with decor from half way around the world. This is a definite must if you want authentic Thai cuisine.The Green Curry was right up my alley. The Combination Seafood Soup is excellent , quite large and easily shared. Soups are served with flame shooting up thru the middle. It's quite impressive and keeps everything warm. Be sure to order a side of rice to accompany the soup. Wontons (Kiaw Krohb) are served with a smaller than average pork. This is great for folks who enjoy the crispiness of a the fried wonton wrapping. (I personally would like more pork, but, that's just me.)Booths line the wall with 4-top tables down the middle. Service is with a smile. However, they may be a bit strapped in coverage. But they're so gosh darn nice it doesn't matter :)
5	I regularly order carryout from Thai Lahna. I have been for years. I have eaten in on many occasions too.  The decor is dated, but this is a family style place. For the price, it is really hard to beat. I love spicy food, and Thai Hot is hot.
2	I have been to many Thai restaurants and I usually always rate a Thai place by their pad thai. I have to say I was not impressed.  First of all when your paying for shrimp pad thai and not inexpensively cone to find they only give you 3 shrimp. There service was good and the decor was very authentic but just was not worth the price you are paying for. Even tho it was ok I will not be returning. There are more places to choose from.
3	I say three stars because of service. We waited 5 minutes for water and then minutes later to actually have our order taken. I would say 4+ stars for food and service but that didn't happen. Now atmosphere is kinda Asian/Taiwan setting which is cool but don't expect to be wowed in other area's such as the bathrooms or decor on the tables etc.Cool place, check it out but you've been warned. Cheers!
1	Been to many thai places, service at this one is rude and slow, more expensive then most other places and small portions, forget it, dont easte your money!
3	Stopped in here on a whim as I was passing by and hungry, plus I love Thai food.Service was prompted and they seem to have quite a few regular customers. I have a yellow curry dish with was flavorful and had just enough spice prepared medium that I have a nice sweat going. They lunch special was very reasonable and filling.I would stop by again if I'm in the area and have a Thai craving.
4	The food was very good and its value was even better.  Wasn't too crowded but take out was booming. My new favorite Thai place for sure
5	I live quite far from Thai Lahna, so I'm not able to make it there often.  But I went last night, and it confirmed once again that they make the best pineapple fried rice I've ever had.  Here's what is mixed with the rice and curry powder:  scallions, white onion, chicken, shrimp, pork, trace of egg, tomatoes, tiny potent red peppers, finely chopped green bird's eye peppers (if you order hot like I do), and pineapple.  Order it medium or less if you're unsure about your tolerance because their scale leans toward the hotter side.
