5	Finding this hidden treasure was a definite score for us. Grinders (sub sandwiches for those of you from the west coast) made using fresh (and extremely delicious) bread and amazing ingredients. I had the Chicken Salad and the wife had the Philly Cheesesteak. Both were delightful slices of heaven. The price was very reasonable. With a friendly crew running the place,  we felt like family. The decor was accented by art from a local artist, that you could buy off the wall. Give it a try. You will not be disappointed.
5	Excellent cheeseburger sub. Crazy good flavors all the way around! Awesome new spot and friendly people. Its authentic quality fresh food...can't beat it. I'll be back often
5	Grinder's was recommended to us by a friend and we are glad we listened.  We really enjoyed our experience. Upon arriving we were greeted by the chef and sat at a table. The menu was simple but varied. We started with the calamari appetizer. The chef made it in the kitchen while we watched.  It was served with some lemon slices and some marinara sauce. I liked it with out the sauce. It was that tasty!  It was not at all greasy and had the perfect amount of flavor. Next we ordered a creation I like to call the back room pizza. We got a large red sauce (you can choose red or white) pizza with banana peppers, cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, tomato, spinach and topped it with Ricotta cheese.  When the chef delivered it, it looked like a work of art. You could tell he enjoyed making it.  The dough is a perfect balance between thin and thick. We like our pizza well done on the bottom but not overly cooked and Grinders delivered!  The first bite and we knew we had found a great pizza place!  We ate about half and took the rest home for dinner another night. All in all, I think this place is a secret that needs to get out.
5	Roast Pork Sandwich is my favorite and they have pizza by the slice!The guys are warm and friendly.  Great bread for the sandwiches, this is my second visit, first review.  Glad they are in the neighborhood.Delivery is coming soon, can't wait!It's still new, so far, so good.
5	Catering reviewI recently had Grinder's cater our weekly business lunch and man did they deliver. Ordering was easy and they priced it perfectly. We had them bring 16 pizza's and 8 orders of wings. The pizza was perfect!  In fact, many of our employees made it a point to let me know that they loved the pizza!  They also said the wings were perfect... I love that they loved it. Makes it much easier to repeat the order in the future. I think I'm going to try some subs next time. As for pricing, I can tell you they are at the lower end of our weekly budget. These guys will work with you!  Can't wait for a couple weeks to pass so we can do it again!
5	This place is really good! The bread is home made, so of course the pizza and subs are great. I personally like the cheesesteak and cheeseburger sub. They also have a good selection of craft beer. Definitely coming back!
5	Let me start off by saying- WOW!Everything is made when you order. Everything. Including the sauce. From real tomatoes. I had the whole Italian sandwich. It was as long as my arm and so good. Husband had a calzone- not swimming in its own grease and amazing crust. Owner/chef guy it totally cool and knows how to cook. Definitely going back. Soon.
5	AMAZING!! I brought a veggie stromboli home thinking I would have my lunch for a week all taken care of, and all of my rugrats devoured the entire thing that night. If my kids (6) eat me out of house & home, I can just order some pizza from Grinders and use the HUGE pizza boxes for a shelter. The food here is fresh, the pizzas are big and tasty, and the owners are top-shelf when it comes to hospitality and their products. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! A big thanks to John and his crew for always taking care of my family.
5	You are welcomed as soon as you enter, by the owners. They are glad to see you. The one owner, I wish I knew his name, asked if we had been there before. We stated we had not. He went over his menu with us. The menu is small, but that is ok, I prefer that over a million choices. We chose a seat in this nicely decorated restaurant. I liked the feel of it. There was plenty of space between tables, a nice bar counter area. Very clean place.We chose the cheese steak sandwich we got the whole sandwich and split it. It came with French fries. My husband also got a slice of cheese pizza. He also ordered one of the craft beers. The pizza beer and my soda came out fast. My husband enjoyed his slice. He stated great pizza. Our sandwich soon arrived and even half was huge. The fries a great size portion of golden crispness. The taste of the sandwich was delicious. I prefer American cheese on my steak sandwich that with the onions and wonderful bread, made a hearty meal. The half was too much for me. The sandwich could easily feed three people.The owners were so kind explained all of the events they will have. We talked about we are all originally from. The other customers were joining in. This place was a real comfortable place to be with good food, great people. I will be back , I have to try the Pizza!
5	Best Bomb-Ass large cheese pizza in Vegas! this place is amazing: easy to find, plenty of parking, fast service, fantastic food, friendly staff, clean bathrooms, and most importantly, they make the classic NY style cheese pizza. you know the kind : not to thick , edges are crispy , fresh cheese, and folded over .. damn it, now i have to rush before they close at 10pm to get one :-)
5	Awesome experience. I don't know which was better, the staff & service or the food... everything was great. and affordable. best pizza and wings I have had in a long time
5	I saw that this restaurant was opening in Las Vegas Weekly and I had to try it out in my search for the best cheesesteak in Las Vegas. When I entered I was greeted by both the owners and the staff that was there.  Very friendly and it was nice to get to seat and talk with the owners. The first time I order a pizza Togo. The pizza was amazing, it was cooked just right and it had just the right amount of cheese. On my second visit, I order a cheesesteak and added pizza sauce to it. All I have to say is wow. I have just found the best cheesesteak in Las Vegas, if not, all of the US. The meat was cooked to perfection and was seasoned just right. There was a nice balance of all the ingredients and nothing over powered anything. The bread is made fresh in the store and it was nice and soft. I will be back and taking everyone that I know from the east coast here.
5	If I can give Grinder's a 10 star rating I would! This has got to be one of the best places I have ever stopped to grab a bite to eat. The food is always amazing (there's more than pizza on the menu) and the guys here are the real reason I keep coming back. Very personable, and always greet everyone who walks in and leaves. I am definitely coming back. At least 3 times a week, since it's conveniently located next to my work.
5	looks like everyone is giving a 5 star review. I have to agree. i'm from philly and always looking for a real cheesesteak. these guys have it. like others have posted, very great atmosphere. owners very friendly even when they got way busy. good luck to them. I will be back.
4	Go there for the Cheese Steak! It was so yummy and I am pretty picky when it comes to how much cheese is on there but they put the right amount and I loved it. I even had leftovers the next day and it was delicious. I gave it 4 stars because the fries are not good but other than that they are really friendly guys with a great concept of art and food!
5	The food was great but the customer service was exceptional.. We ordered pizza and calamari and fries. So perfectly crunchy! Pizza was hot and so tasty!
2	I was totally not impressed with this restaurant. The pizza tasted like it had been in the heating window for a long time before it was served....like hours. I was also not impressed with the price of the beer, $7 and $8 a pint. Not worth the trip!
5	In shock!!!!!!!! Only found this place cause it's next mixers(best ice cream ever). Gave it a shot cause my local pizza place been pissing me off. Once you try the pizza, calzones or sandwiches you WILL BE HOOKED. I have become a pizza snob. Crust bubbles is an option!!!!!! Really!!! it just so happens my wife judges pizza dough by crust bubbles and they have the best. Everything is made in house. Not because they told me because I watched them make the sauce and the dough is very fresh. Everyone who works there is really nice and they make you feel welcome. It is a nice change from other pizza places who seem irritated you are making them work. I now eat here at least once a week and not once have I had a bad experience.
4	Very friendly location owners have a great personality and make everyone feel welcomed. I had the calamari and the burger sandwich with a Wahoo beer from a San Diego brewery. A must for me to return for the pizza....
5	Was craving pizza, found this place and let me tell you it was awesome!  As soon as we walked in the owner welcomed us with a friendly smile.  He went over the menu. We got the wings,  a burger sandwich with fries (best sandwich ever) and a personal serving white pizza with mushrooms,  olive, and spinach....amazing!! The crust was really good.  We will definitely go back for 2nds, 3rds and 4ths....lol..
5	this place is awesome. modest is a spectacular server. she has a pleasant, welcoming personality which goes great along with the entire atmosphere. it feels like ur hanging out at a friends house! everybody is super informed when it comes to the menu and all the items they carry.  the owners are from the east coast so you know the food is made with love! the philly was my favorite . also the pizza is super tasty too. thx again modest u are fantastic.
5	I must dine in if you love your pizza!  Owners are hands on, super nice and amazing food! Def one of my must do's!
4	We came across Grinders by accident.  I'm so glad we did!  I got the Stromboli, which was amazing.  The personal size was really big.  Grinders has the best marinara I've found in Vegas, and the crust was just right--not too thick or too thin.  My husband got a cheesesteak, which was great, too.  A half size was just right (because he helped me finish my Stromboli). If you go away hungry, it's your own fault!
5	This is a great place for pizza and beers.  The owners and staff welcome you as you enter and make you feel right at home.  Good food from Pizza's to salads.  Some cool art work on the walls too by local artists.
5	Great service food is amazing can't ask for more this reminds me of back in LA pizza I will definitely be back and will be recommending this to my friends and guest at my job!
5	Today was the second time for me and the Hubby. We ordered, calamari, arugula salad, and a Stromboli. Everything was fresh, delicious and came out quickly. The staff was super friendly and gave great customer service. Can't wait to try out the rest of the awesome looking things on the menu!
5	Amazing! Not only is the food phenominal but the people who run it are like the cherry on top of the sundae. My recommendation....pork sandwich. Get Porked at Grinders.  :)
4	This is a great place in a not so great shopping center, but don't let that deter you.  Went there last night with my kids and my brother and was immediately greeted with a huge "Welcome" from the person behind the counter, which I later learned was the owner John.Ordered fries and pizza.  Fries were good, looked like ordinary fries, but they were perfectly seasoned and tasted great.Pizza was good as well.  The make all the bread in house for their sandwiches and have a water treatment system to take the nasties out of the water so it tastes better when you make dough.  Soft Drinks also tasted great as did the Firestone DBA on draft.  Bill was $43 with a 20% tip.  We will be back.This place is worth a trip.  Only negative, and it is no unique to them is that a large pizza seems to have shrunk over the years.  Seems kind of small, but it is like that everywhere.  Prices were good, owners working there and cared about the quality and service was good.  A winner with me.
5	You know the "secret pizza place" at the cosmo? This is way better!!! Their white pizza with spinach as recommended by our waiter is beyonddddd amazing and delicious. Super cute interior and really nice staff! I would've never thought to go in if it wasn't for Yelp, but I'm glad I tried it.
2	ENOUGH!! Of all these fake reviews.. I can't freakin stand it.. This place wasn't good.  The pizza was below average.. Ingredients were of average quality.. Little too much cheese, crust was kinda dense and heavy.. Not crispy at all.. Sauce was super forgettable.. If you've been enlightened by a a premium pizza place, then there's just no reason to eat a sub par pizza anymore.. Furthermore.. I'm convinced it IS the water or something.. How come no one can make a decent philly cheese in vegas? The one I had was little bit too seasoned.. Bread tasted stale, kinda hard and cakey.. Meat was too lean, not juicy..FORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE..
5	OMFG!!!  This place is a must. I was a chef for 24 years. The sandwiches are the absolute bomb. Warning, if you try the pork sandwich first, you are in danger of not trying anything else. You should experience the beer list.  By the way, any place where there is always an owner greeting you; the food will be exceptional. Say hi to Rick and John when you get there. PS give Modest a big tip.
5	Watched the Pats beat the Bengals here tonight!I ordered an anti pasto salad, that's not in the menu. And they made it for me! That was good. But not as good as the pizza. It's hard to explain to someone who isn't from the NE what NE pizza tastes like. Grinders nailed it.  So full. LoL
5	I have to say I found Grinders on yelp and I tried it because of the great reviews and all I have to say is they were right:-). The food was awesome the staff was so friendly I felt like I was a regular the way they all conversed with me I will be back I got a pizza and the cheeseburger sub incredible my friends loved it too.  Thx you grinders see u soon.  Steve from Southwest Airlines
5	The owner is a friendliest welcoming person in the industry , ideal for great customer service . Amazing quality food fresh and cooked to order. I highly recommend the cheese burger sub n there pizza have this warm outstanding balance of  the perfect crust and topped with just the perfect amounts of sauce and great quality toppings . I live in anthem and hopefully they expand and open a grinders on my side of town. For a great meal just go visit they don't dissapoint.
5	I've been there twice and it was excellent!  I had a perfectly toasted Italian sub and a bite of my husband's cheesesteak - sooooo delicious! I can't wait to go back and try the pork sandwich and the BLT boat!
5	I've heard a lot of good things about this place, so we went there today for lunch to find out for ourselves.We arrived 15 mins early, but the owner Rick let us in anyway and served us.  The place has a nice, clean look and gives you a pizza/deli atmosphere.  Rick was very helpful in helping us decide what to order, and gave us a little history about the establishment.My wife ordered the White Pizza, and I had the Philly Cheesesteak.  The food arrived right away, and it was hot and fresh.  The Pizza was great, with lots of garlic flavor.  We added Spinach to ours, and it was the perfect flavor profile.  My cheesesteak was very good also, with lots of meat, and the rolls which were home made, were the kind you expect in a cheesesteak.We really recommend this place and will definitely come back.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas!I saw their sign as I was cruising down Rainbow and decided to try it out. So glad I did! I'm a huge pizza fan. I've tried dozens of pizza places in town, all of the "best" places. Not only was Grinders the BEST pizza I've had in Vegas, the people were incredibly nice. The owner, John, greeted me with enthusiasm and we spoke for a few minutes. He will go out of his way to please his customers. I got a pepperoni pizza with thin crust. Man, it was incredible! Wish I could give it more stars! We were very impressed and will be back many times!
5	The food and beer selection is amazing. We met John, the owner, and he couldn't have been more accommodating. Highly, highly recommended.
3	It was ok. That's about it.Was looking forward to trying this place but it comes in at average.Love the waitress, her name was Modest, but Idon't see a reason to go back.Some suggestions -- Make a larger pizza and cover it with cheese.Don't serve warm beer.Maybe I caught a bad night. Meh.
4	This place rocks. The atmosphere and staff are amazing and that is all brought together by amazing food! Highly recommend and definitely coming back!
5	Amazing NY style pizza, not too oily. Huge meaty wings with a tasty buffalo sauce. To top it off - flavorful craft beer of the day for only $3 a bottle...SOLD.My girlfriend and I were lucky to find this place after a terrible experience at Scooters Pub down the road (near-1hr wait for food). We'll be back to Grinders for more - already added it to our personal list of Vegas' best.Oh - and super friendly staff! No discernible drop in service despite a group of 20 high school kids that came in.
5	Seriously THE BEST cheesesteak in town!!!  I grew up in Philly and have lived in Las Vegas for a long time and have never been able to find anything close to a real cheesesteak.  We got a coupon in the mail awhile back and tried it one night with my parents and have been going back every week or so since!!  Also, the pizza is so ridiculously delicious!  The staff is wonderful too!  No complaints!  Keep up the good work!
5	Delicious pizza! Grinders dough is the best, you can taste the love that goes into making their pies. Hand-tossed yumminess.
4	I was so happy to find a quality pizza/wings place near my house.  I had the "white" pizza with spinach and tomato... it was delicious.  The wings were yummy.. crispy not soggy!  The employees were so friendly.. I felt like I had been there a million times.  I will go back for my pizza and wings needs  :)
5	I love the calzones here! They're huge! I took one to work and all my coworkers enjoyed it.
3	Tried this based on reviews and the fact that it's right by our house. The place has a cool vibe. Nice employees. Ordered a pizza and a salad. Pizza was just average, nothing special.  Crust tasted like it was once frozen (not fresh). The salad was basic. Over all, not too bad. No huge reason to go back.
3	Good atmosphere, pizza by the slice available even at night! Too many places only offer slices for lunch specials, which is ridiculous. The dimmed lighting, bar seating, and friendly staff really make this a lounge.Standard cheese slice is $2.50, extra toppings available to add on for 50 cents each- liked that the pie wasn't as greasy as others in the area, but felt it was a bit dried-out. Could use a touch more cheese and sauce.The staff are really great here though- welcoming and friendly, which I don't see nearly often enough in Vegas. Menu also includes a bunch of tasty-looking sandwiches, as well as calzones/strombolis, and desserts.
5	My wife and I ate here only because of a Groupon. We loved EVERYTHING about this hole in the wall. The staff is beyond friendly, the calamari appetizer was amazing, the pizza could not have been better, and they had a great selection of beer and wine.Our server, Modest, made us feel welcomed and special. She was extremely easy to chat with and engaged us in a greatly enjoyable conversation.  Before we even finished our meal my wife and I made the decision that this place was going to be part of our Dinning Out rotation. We greatly look forward to going back as soon as possible.
1	Personally disappointed.when this came up on yelp figured hey I would give it a shot. Nothing special here at all, the food very plain no flavor, portions so so, not much variety you can tell this crew should've stuck with they're day jobs. Best part was the service the main guy great personality. Wouldn't recommend to anyone these good reviews have to be written by owners and all of they're friends
5	I am going to give GRINDERS five stars, we would order from them again,we ordered pizza and wings to be delivered at 4|:30. They were on time, the pizza was hot and the wings were very good. It was a great touch the sides of hot pepper , garlic powder and cheese!  We are from New York so we know great pizza, the pizza was okay
2	I was really excited to order from here, but the pizza was very average! The price of the pizza is definitely not worth the taste. I more than likely will not order from here again. If I do, it won't be pizza.
