3	Great bagel joint. We had breakfast and it was fantastic. Couldnt get enough of the everything bagel. We took several to go as well. Nice atmosphere as the restaurant was covered in dark wood trim. Friendly service.
4	yumm, yumm, yumm...excellent bagels, very yummy bagel sandwiches! yumm, yumm, yumm!!-1 star for the price. It's a little too pricy when you consider that an individual bagel costs $.80 max, and the sandwiches are $10+. Sorry! Just being objective! Good stuff tho! Very, very yummy!!
2	The place is nice, atmosphere is dark and cozy. The blazing hot brick oven at centre stage was goin the whole time as they were trudging out sesame bagel after sesame bagel. Kinda cool to see how they do they're thing. Pricey for sure and ultimately we both feel like Montreal bagels were definitely more hype than anything else. We'll take our Toronto bagels just fine thanks. Not worth the trip really...
3	I do concur with the comments regarding the prices, but unlike the locals who may not frequent this place becuase of the $$$, I was a tourist looking for some yummy Montreal bagels and price was not going to be a factor.  It is however, a reason for my 3 stars as opposed to 4.When we were seated (already a departure from your typical NYC bagel joint) I immediately noticed the plates with multiple bagel slices and fruit and wanted one of those but didn't see it on the menu.  So instead of fretting I ordered an all dressed bagel, I guess this means "everything" in Canada.  What came out was exactly what I wanted.  The bagel was yummy with a (not) heathy serving of full calorie cream cheese slathered all over it.  After all the hype, it was a worthwhile trip and I would gladly return upon my next trip to Montreal.The coffee was pretty good too.
4	First thing I must point out is that when I do a search for this place on my GPS and on Google maps, it comes up as "1127 Av Du Mont-Royal E" And the Yelp map is not even close to where this actually points me. I don't know if this a problem with Yelp or whatever, but just thought I should mention that.Moving onto the place. My fiancee and I came here on a recommendation from a security guard at the US Office of Immigration, which is why I find myself in Montreal, I am happy to report they are allowing my Fiancee into the states so we can get married, yay me, but who cares about that, this is about food..One thing that is a knock down in points is they do not take credit cards and only Debit, which is fine for interac customers however they don't take my debit card and I don't carry cash with me, so keep that in mind before you go. Secondly is the food as uttered by previous yelpers is a tad on the expensive side 10 dollars for a bagel sandwich is a bit on the high side, but I considered this morning a special occasion and didn't care. Other times however, I would have had a slight problem with it.   Fiancee ordered the Beef soup of the day, a bagel with cream cheese and jelly and a bowl of hot chocolate. (Yes, bowl...) I decided on a Glass of milk, flavored hazelnut coffee (turned out to be alcoholic), the omlette and ham sandwich bagel and a side of crab salad. Food wait time was approximately 9 minutes from order till complete. We got the drinks first, the soup second, and the bagels last. Snapped some pictures for your enjoyment as everything we had was pretty tasty. However I had  a unbelievably difficult time eating mine due to the hardness of the bagel squishing the egg out of it causing quite a mess. The hot chocolate actually had chocolate whipping cream on top and was great on a day where it was below freezing at the time. Like I said before I got a hazelnut coffee but I was expecting it to just be flavored, not spiked. Which is odd when you take into consideration that the menu has 2 separate sections "Flavored" and "Spiked" I drank it anyway even though I didn't fully enjoy it. The crab salad had a large amount of Dill in it, and to anyone who is a fan of this herb should give it a whirl. Large chunks of crab with dill and a very light amount of either mayo or some other sauce served on a bed of lettuce. All in all the service was good, the servers were friendly and I would recommend giving this place a shot just so long as you don't mind a few of the items to be a bit on the spendy side.
4	Maybe it was something new for me coming from the states, but I loved this place.  Very unique style of bagels.  I had the bagel w/ the smoked Salmon...mmmmm!
4	I know this is a controversial subject, so I'll get it out of the way first.  I vastly prefer Montreal bagels over New York bagels.  There, I said it.After being away from Montreal for 8 months I was jonesing for a mtl bagel fix.  St-Viateur definitely saved the day.I ordered a smoked meat bagel sandwich with a side of artichoke heart salad.  OMFG soooo good.  NOM NOM NOM.  Oh, the coffee here is quite good; I prefer a strong taste, served black.Some people have mentioned the price, complaining it is too high.  I will tell you this.  I would rather pay $15 for a guaranteed delicious meal that fills me up and makes me smile, over paying $10 for something that makes me go 'meh.' Oh, on a beautiful day, you can sit by the windows and do some world class people watching.  The windows retract so you are actually open to the street, and can have a cool breeze with your hot food.Excellent washroom facilities.  I also appreciate how they always stock both English and French weekly papers, and have an English and French menu available.  This is actually quite rare for Le Plateau.I also really, really enjoy the Club bagel sandwich.If you don't want a sit down meal, you can stand in line and get fresh baked bagels to go.  You get to watch while they are made in the giant wood fired oven too, which is fun.  Check out the huge wooden flipper thing that they use to flip the bagels while they are baking.  Crazy!
3	Last time I went the coffee was cold and stale, and the waitress was sitting down watching the wold cup.  Now, I'm not a sports fan, so I can't understand how important the game is to her.  That being said, if you give me crappy old coffee, and then ignore my passive-aggressive looks in your direction...  You get a lower Yelp! rating than before.  Sorry, just think of Yelp! like the world cup and you'll understand.
5	Best bagels I've ever had! Bagels are never my first choice because the only version I knew was the doughy dense kind. But these were light, toasted to a perfect crisp on the outside and made it an easy choice to ear more than one. The place itself is small and bustling with people in the know. Friendly service and good food. A big eatery highlight of our visit to Montreal.
4	I was only in Montreal for a day (work) and I HAD to eat a bagel. I mean...who would go to Vancouver and not eat sushi...who would go to Winnipeg and not eat a mosquito...? Bagels HAD to be eaten.I ordered a huge salad with smoked salmon, capers, cucumbers, and cream cheese...I think it was called the Delox Salad. I also got a bagel on the side...even though it came with "bagel chips" (FYI- not really "chips" but thinly sliced, very toasted bagels...)SUPER yummy...The menu includes both breakfast and lunch, no matter what time youi visit. I totally reccomend this if you are in the NDG Montreal area and are craving some yummy carbs!I also ordered a chai latte....and it was SUPER good.
2	There is no denying how amazing their bagels are...just wish I could the same for the staff.We arrived and picked up a dozen bagels and cream cheese. The cashier was plenty nice but as we tried to sit down to look at our bag full o bagels an employee glared at us and said, "You take bagels to go, so go!"Coming from Vancouver I wasn't surprised he wouldn't let us stay but this is very unlikely for Montreal. Maybe he was having a bad day but I was definitely taken a back. Nevertheless, we grabbed a seat on a bench and ripped into our fresh sesame seed bagels like they were going out style. Yum, yum, yum!
4	The freshly made bagels are incredible. Personally, I only like the sesame bagels, but that's personal preference. However, eating there is quite costly. Each bagel dish is at least $10, and even though they are good, the ingredients are nothing that I can't do myself, and for a much cheaper cost.  The bagels though are like nothing to be found elsewhere.
4	Bagels! Yum! I got here a tad on the late side, actually it was more around 11 or 12 and the place was jam packed with a line and everything. The wait wasn't too bad. It only took about 15 minutes to get a seat. The coffee was good, definitely fresh. I ordered a bagel sandwich that came with smoked salmon, cream cheese and capers. It came with a side of soup of some kind which was excellently seasoned. If I lived in the area I could see myself going here and getting a dozen bagels on a Sunday afternoon :)
2	It's ok. Pretending to be the real St-viateur. but the bagels aren't as good. I'd give it a 2.5 if they would let me.
4	Will always remember this place as this was the setting for my introduction to the Montreal bagel. Their wood burning fire produces warm, flaky, crispy bagels with a hint of honey. So flavorful, you can eat it just by itself. We thoroughly enjoyed our 2 sesame bagels with butter and cream cheese. Their coffee wasn't bad either. Memorable breakfast. Nice cafe to hang out.Only downside is the price. For 2 bagel & extra condiments, we easily went over $6. The walk to St Viateur from the metro station made for a great walk through the Mont -Royal neighborhood.
4	Came here in July for our trip to Montreal.  Fell in love with Montreal bagels.  Ordered a bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese and capers for takeout as there was no available seating.  It was very good.  Expensive, about $10.
4	Bagels, Bagels and More Bagels!  When you are in Montreal, you must try a Montreal bagel!  St-Viateur is one of the known bagel places in the city and my SO and I happenned to stumble across one of their locations in the Mont Royal area.  We picked up a dozen bagels ($7), 6 sesame and 6 poppy seed.  The best part was they packed freshly baked sesame bagels in our dozen.  This St-Viateur location has a sit down area where you can grab some eats and coffee.  The food looked good and the place was packed.  Looks like I might have to come back and try out their menu.Make St-Viateur your bagel stop whenever you are in Montreal.
4	You can't go wrong with this bagel place. I come here to grab a bag a bagels and go! Many different bagels to choose from. You can't go wrong!
4	The bagels here are very yummy. Good idea to come check out in a lazy Sunday morning
5	Montreal is a city full of great food! (Coming from a New Yorker by the way.) This cafe was no different. We were worried about not having the fresh bagels that you can get straight from their factory but they make the bagels right there.Our group sat down for bagel sandwiches and soup. Their soup of the day was good-- a chicken, veggies, and pasta soup, and their bagel sandwiches were great! The bagels really make it worth visiting. Oh and I had pesto with my sandwich--a flavorful combo as I'm not a huge fan of mayonnaise. The seating was okay. I went with a group of 6 and most of the seating is for smaller groups but they were able to accommodate us well when other people cleared out. I thought the service was also good, despite the busy hour that we went. In the end, I regret not bringing a bag of bagels home with us, but at least we got to try them!
5	Montreal bagels are always full of win. This Montreal bagel deli rocks. I recommend the roast beef sandwich for lunch. On the weekend come by and pick up a dozen bagels, smoked salmon and creme-cheese and head back home for a feast.
4	St Viateur Bagel & Cafe is my Bagel stop # 2.This location is not really on my list of must visit list... but while I was strolling down Mont-Royal.. my Yelp Friend just stopped and point... and yes I know why I am here..2 Free Bagels from the coupon book of Montreal Tourism's Sweet Deal offers which can only redeem at this location.I ran in and show my coupon to the cashier and he just gave me 2 sesames bagels which came out right from the oven.Free is good... Free is sweet... This is the biggest St Viateur location I been too, since it has a sit down area if you want to order food to eat in. Maybe next time...
4	Every so often during my hectic, stress filled life, I like to take a break and just relax. I stop to smell the roses ( or whatever odor is around me), listen to the birds chirp their happy song or watcha little paint dry. The St Viateur Bagel and Cafe is that kind of place. It has two cafe locations in Montreal. Simone and I choose the cafe at 1127 Mont. Royal East. Its a little out of the way ( probably a mile or so off the subway) in the "Plateau" European district of Montreal, but worth the walk even during those rather frost bitten winter days. At this small cafe their specialty is Jewish style bagels baked in a wood burning oven all day long. You can have the traditional bagels with Lox ( a gross combo of Smoked salmon, raw onion and capers with some other junk on a platter) or with some of their flavored cream cheeses. They also have lots of specialty sandwiches featuring their bagels for the lunch crowd.After walking from the subway on a cold morning with the snow lightly falling, Simone and I walked into the cafe which features an open kitchen so you can watch the bagels being made and hand rolled all day long.  We found a seat next to the window, but away from the drafts from the door at the entrance. You seat yourself (or at least we did ) and then the waitress or waiter takes your order. If you don't know your French lingo then they are well prepared for you, as they offer both French and English versions of the menu. Simone and I both opted to start with some hot chocolate to warm ourselves up.  The hot chocolate was made fresh and not from a packet. It was rich and topped with a little whipped cream and was an excellent choice.  After sipping on the hot chocolate we ordered our bagels. It it was breakfast time, so we opted out of the sandwich options and went for the basics.  We both ordered a Multigrain Bagel ( seriously, why does my wife insist on always getting the same thing as me ?).  To keep things healthy, I ordered mine with a side of sun dried tomato cream cheese. Simone ,with her never ending sweet tooth had hers with the chocolate cream cheese.The bagels arrived with-in about five minutes with a small side of fresh fruit on the plate. Unfortunately, the fresh fruit in these parts during the winter months tends to be pretty tasteless, and this fruit fit into that category. So onto the main course, the Bagel. Jewish Bagels are denser then your New York variety that you usually find in the supermarket, and this makes them a little less chewy and usually moister.  The Bagels at St Viateur were done to perfection.  Hand rolled with lots of seed and oats, they arrived hot with a crunchy exterior from the wood burning oven ,but dense, doughy and moist on the inside. The bagels are cut for easy dipping into the side of cream cheese that comes in a 2oz souffle cup filled past the top. The cream cheese is also super rich and super good, and although its a lot of cheese, its good enough that you will find yourself finishing it all and licking the utensil of your choice at the end to make sure you don't leave any behind.Simone and I both finished off our entire plate and were pretty full at the end of it all. We paid the bill and rolled ourselves back out into the frozen Montreal tundra happy with our choice. St Viateur Bagel & Cafe is a nice country cafe to sit back and relax and get a good and hearty start to your day. Four Stars ****
4	I'm missing Montreal bagels already :(We made sure to visit this location specificially because it has a cafe and we could sit and eat.  It was nicely full on a Friday morning. The hostess/waitress sat us immediately but was a bit slow to return to take our order.I had the veggie bagel sandwich, the husband had the lox and cream cheese sandwich. The artichoke salad that came with my sandwhich was huge! I couldn't eat it all. the sandwich it self was great. Seattle only has Eltana that serves Montreal style bagels... psst... St. Viateur move on in and get started!!
5	A great place for Sunday breakfast....the tip is to get there before the crowd shows up.  Sesame bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese may not sound creative, and it is not, but THE bagel is what makes this dish.  For anyone who's not had an authentic Montreal-style bagel, I can tell you that there is no better carb to bite into.  Order a cappuccino or Viennese melange with your bagels, enjoy!The cafe is located in the "Plateau" district of Montreal, it's fun to stroll around and on summer weekends, you can check out the street fair.
5	Best bagels in town... U can ask for a plastic knife and a Philladelphia cheese spread and eat ya bagel right outside :)
4	I always have breakfast here when I'm in town. Great bagels.
4	Loved the bagels. Hand rolled and baked in a brick oven. Do they sway this old brooklyn boys heart from the ones I used to enjoy in the deli's on division in brooklyn??? NAW! forget about it! But they are the best I have tasted since my brooklyn days. They are so good you can just eat them with no filling or cream cheese or anything. I am looking forward to ordering some from there and having them shipped to me and get some from brooklyn and compare. Yes folks it will be a bagel-off!
4	New York and Montreal are the only two cities worth breaking my "no bagels" rule. Most of the time they seem like a good idea until you realize just how many calories you consumed eating something that looked better than it tasted and left you feeling bloated.I don't have that problem here - St. Viateur Bagels are worth every inch of muffin top squirming out the top of my pants.On my most recent visit, I had a sesame bagel with butter and lox and an americano, and my husband went with the all-dressed bagel with classic cream cheese and an espresso. It was SUCH a lovely breakfast...except for the server. She was abrupt and rude and clearly didn't want anything to do with us, and she's the only thing holding me back from giving this place 5 stars.
4	Had the Club Bagel with a tossed salad. The salad isnt worth mentioning, but the sandwich was AWESOME. It was stuffed with smoked turkey and other toppings. The bagel was chewy, light and thin. We had a table near the open window at the Mont Royal location. It was a beautiful day and we got to enjoy a pitcher of sangria for $20 with our meal....The service was fast, bilingual and friendly. Would definately make the trip back if Im in Montreal again.
3	Not as good as bagels from H&H or Murray's in New York. Honestly, they just aren't.They ARE perfectly fine and yummy with cream cheese. Make sure you get them hot and fresh from the oven and buy them from the bagel window, not the regular cafe counter. The latter charges $3.50 for a bagel with cream cheese. At the counter, a bagel is around 70 cents and you can buy a tub of cream cheese for two bucks. I made the mistake of paying the exorbitant price at the to-go cafe side--big mistake! Wish they made it more clear about the price difference :/The bagels are small compared to NY bagels too. I bought two (one plain, one sesame). Skip the iced coffee at this place--pretty mediocre. I'll be trying Fairmont before I leave Montreal to compare the two!
5	Deliciousness! Came here after reading an article in the National Geographic and it really is incredible. Cozy atmosphere, super nice wait staff (who are bilingual by the way), and yummy food.I ordered the traditional bagel - which is smoked salmon, cream cheese, onions and capers - on a poppy seed bagel. Also got a moccachino which was so smooth and not too sweet. This was definitely worth the extra drive to sit at the cafe instead of the other stores where you can only buy the bagels to go.
4	Best bagel place in the neighborhood. The have a variety of yummy bagel sandwiches. The bagels are prepared on the spot in a brick oven. Fast service. If you're from toronto and are yearning for your heavenly Tim Horton's bagel, then this isn't for you.
4	I'm not a bagel expert, but I have to say the bagels here are really good. My favourite is sesame - love it with plain cream cheese & smoked salmon. The bagels come fresh out of the oven. Last time they forgot my order, and the guy gave me 6 free to take home! Yay!
4	I enjoyed my meal here. If I came back I would definitely try the turkey club next time, instead of the hard boiled egg sandwich, because the selection I made was a little bland. The side salad was great and the dressing was outstanding. Overall, I found it to be slightly pricey but a good treat. Staff was very nice.
4	Montreal-style bagles: not quite New York. A bit too small for my tastes. Basically, I wish I this place was Russ and Daughters. It's close, but no cigar.I had the traditional: the lox and cream cheese and capers were all tasty, but left something a bit wanting; they were a bit plain. Side salad was decent, but the dressing was definitely the highlight, a mustard vinaigrette. Coffee was mediocre, but I didn't mind. The other sandwiches that they had looked pretty damn good so I wish I could have gone back for more.I was honestly amazed that there wasn't a longer line on a Saturday. The wait staff is friendly and attentive, and had us eating and out the door as happy customers in no time.Overall, I was very happy with my breakfast.
4	A very good spot to get breakfast or lunch. I went with the traditional.... lox, cream cheese, raw onion, capers, tomato, on a sesame seed bagel.  Everything was very fresh and tasty.I was informed before going to Montreal that there bagels were sweet due to the use of honey during the production.  A little different than anything I've ever had.... but very tasty.The staff is very friendly.  Menus are available in French and English.Recommend!
4	I never met a carbohydrate I didn't like, and bagels are no exception. It is near-impossible to find a good bagel in my town, so I was very excited to learn that the apartment we were staying in was located above a bagel shop! Let me tell you, waking up to the smell of freshly baked bagels is a great way to start the day.Our first visit was for a late dinner. I had a bagel sandwich that involved ham and pesto, along with a side salad. It was delicious, but the bagel played second fiddle to the tasty fillings, so I knew we had to come back to try some bagels on their own. I had a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese - pretty basic, but it's the standard by which I judge any bagel purveyor. Note: the seating in the shop is only if you want table service. So we were forced to take our bagels to go, and intended to find a suitable place to consume them. But they smelled so good that we stood right outside on the sidewalk and scarfed them down. It was pretty great. So even if you can't have the pleasure of sleeping above a bagel shop, St-Viateur is worth a stop!
2	I hate to complain about a local place when everything food-wise was great, but I simply could not let this issue slide.I was at the St Viateur cafe on Mont Royal this morning around 9:30am with a friend of mine visiting from out of town.After we were done our breakfast, he went up to pay at the cash register and came back to the table with the change (it was about 9,50$ in change from 40$). He put down the tip (about 15%, which was fair given that our server only refilled our coffee once even though only 4 tables were occupied and she overfilled his cup and shrugged instead of apologizing).Like many people, I don't like my tip sitting there looking all obvious while I am still finishing my last sips of coffee before leaving, so we put the tip money beside the plate that I had just finished eating from. As we were walking out of the restaurant, the waitress stopped me and said very loudly "You know...tip is not included in the bill...". I was taken aback. One, she said this loud enough so that my friend heard as well as the table that was directly beside where I was standing.Tipping is actually optional, not mandatory, but that is beside the point; we did tip: 15% and had she been paying attention and not jumping to conclusions, she would have easily seen this tip sitting right there, all ready for her.You can bet that I will never be bringing any clients, friends or anyone by this establishment again. I am not sure if this is just a jaded server or what, but her behaviour was completely unacceptable, uncalled for and downright rude.
4	Real star of the place was the (locally imported) crack in a cup smoked salmon cream cheese spread.Bagels were perfectly toasted and complemented well, but honestly I could've dipped a dried up piece of sponge in the salmon cream cheese and it would've tasted orgasmic.
5	Can't stop thinking about those bagels.It's true, a born and raised New Yorker can fall in love with a bagel that is not made in NY. I was truly skeptical but went for the classic sesame bagel with smoked salmon (aka lox) and cream cheese (aka - a shmear). A little onion, some capers and a sandwich that just makes you go, ahhhhhhh!!The trick is the bagels are boiled in honey water and baked in a wood-fired oven. This gives the sweet taste and toasty like outer crust.Can't wait to go back to Montreal for more bagels (or I just may order some from the website).I'm not saying better than NY bagels, just that they are great on their own and very different from NY bagels.
5	Best begal anywhere. I just brought my Toronto customer there and many others from all over the world who all have loved the bagels. I have brought them to china and they just love them too...A must stop when in Montreal.....
4	Well, First off, I'd like to say I've been wanting to try the Montreal style bagel since I've heard about it. Eating bagels from NYC and NJ I have to say i've been pretty spoiled. With that aside, these funny looking bagels give NYC a run for it's money! Unlike the "traditional" bagel, these are skinnier bagels with a larger hole in the center, and a sweeter taste. When I was looking into bagels I looked into a variety of places, I chose this location, (avenue du Mont-Royal), for it's location close to the metro. This is a cute cafe style shop that has seats and a counter to order from. This place was PACKED on a Sunday. The line was out the door right after we were seated. Then menu has a a wide selection of sandwiches, salads (with bagel chips) and sides. They also offer plain bagels and other baked treats. The service was ok, I have to remind myself that it's not NYC and we need to wait.... the owner actually came over and checked on us while waiting (which was nice). While looking over the menu, I chose the polet St-Viateur sandwich, (chicken marinated in lemon and herbs with either pesto or mayo)... I chose pesto with a green salad on the side, sandwich on a sesame bagel. My friend chose the omelet sandwich, eggs with ham (he subbed bacon) and added cheddar. Yum! The sandwich was awesome! Only complaint was the bagel was cold. But besides that I got a BIG hunk of chicken on a yummy bagel with a mixed green salad (yummy Dijon vinaigrette). The price.... eh, It was worth it, but it wasn't very cheap... 12,50.... but it didn't seem there were any bargains in Montreal. I'd seriously recommend this location if in the city. P.S. Don't expect a NY style bagel.
4	Can't complain.  While $11 for a roast beef sandwich and a cup of soup seemed a bit steep, I learned on this trip to Montreal that there isn't much cheaper to be found in the city, and at least the quality of the ingredients seemed on par with the price.  In any case, there are many cafes around that have both good free wifi and solid food, so St. V is commendable on that front.
5	I literally ran for these bagels, from de Bleury and Sherbrooke through the park to the cafe on Avenue du Mt. Royal. Bought bagels and walked back to hotel. And I'd do it again for the love of sesame.
5	LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!!!! The bagels are amazing! I've never actually sat down and had a meal at this place but the dishes that were going out to tables as I was ordering my bagels looked delish!
2	Bagels are one of those cultural things people hold on to no matter if bagels are good or bad people will say they are the best in MTL and they convince themselves of the awesomeness.  I am impartial to bagels and I am not from Montreal.  I am completely objective in saying that the bagels here are good... But so are 99 per cent of other places that make bagels.The major factor playing a role in what makes this bagel different if you can notice at all is the the fact that you can grab it straight out of oven unlike Starbucks or Tim Hortons which have to be delivered and reheated.  In conclusion, if this is the best that bagels can be I would say it's worth a go just to say you've been there, done that but don't expect something you've never experienced before.  Especially if you have it built up in your mind that you're face is going to explode with deliciousness like I had.
4	DH and I are bagel fans - my parents are from Brooklyn, DH and I lived in NYC, and even found a place in Arlington MA that imported bagel dough from H&H. So when we heard that Montreal bagels were a "thing" we knew we wanted to try them. We arrived for a late breakfast and were told to sit where we liked. We were handed an english menu (yes, sadly obvious from my "pour deux" that we needed one). Service wasn't warm, and was a bit flaky (I got a regular coffee instead of the espresso I ordered, server forgot what type of bagel I ordered and to ask DH what kind of bagel he wanted on his sandwich). But she was busy and honestly for a casual place, small issues (the regular coffee was good, much more important). Although her english seemed good (better than my french!), maybe the language barrier was the issue. We had regular OJ (pulpy, which we liked) which came in a pretty glass with orange slice garnish, cute. Coffee filtre, strong enough with good taste. I had a toasted poppy bagel with butter and jam - bagel was really good, and not too sweet to my taste. Definitely smaller than american bagels, not as chewy as NY bagels, but not puffy like Dunkies bagels (a good thing, in my book). Nice amount of poppy seeds. The butter/jam was in little plastic containers like you'd get in a diner (fine). It came garnished with a couple of small slices of cantaloupe. DH had a sesame bagel (also very good) with omelette, ham and pesto. It was really a delicious sandwich - the omelette was puffy (egg only, as far as I could tell) over several slices ham. The pesto came on the side, in a small cup (probably two to three generous tablespoons - more than enough), was delicious itself, and complemented the other ingredients. DH also had a fruit salad (more of a fruit cup, but fine, fresh). They didn't take credit cards - and we were out of Canadian cash - but kindly took American cash (and gave Canadian change) without any eye-rolling. The bagels are good - but we decided we didn't need any extras to take on the road. If you can't get decent bagels where you live, these are pretty to very good. And I certainly think this is a nice place to stop in for a sandwich. The neighborhood is interesting (used book stores and vinyl shops, clothes shops and other restaurants).
3	I was told I had to have a Montreal bagel and this was the place. I agree, the bagel was great and the slight sweetness from being boiled with honey was there and it was nice. But, there were a few things lacking. The service was slow and the food took quite a while to arrive. I thought the menu needed more options other than sandwiches, salads, and bagels with spreads. I wanted to really try a bagel, so not in a sandwich, but if I did that my options were slim. To me a great bagel/breakfast place has plates with eggs and meat and a bagel instead of toast. I looked at the menu and tried to put that together, but I couldn't. All in all, I thought the bagel was very good, but it was not the spotlight when it's holding together a sandwich. There was no way I could have eaten the extra bagel you can order with the sandwich for $0.95.
2	First of all, I will admit the bagels are great.  They have done a great job with the classic bagel and cream cheese breakfast.  However, the cafe lacks in the bagel sandwich department.  The omelet used on the bagel was mixed in a bowl then cooked in a microwave.  Personally, this is not my ideal way to cook an egg, especially when it costs $10 for a bagel sandwich with an omelet and spread.   Also, Yelp, they do not accept credit cards.  They only accept debit cards and even so, a Visa debit card was not accepted (for Americans planning on going).  I know that does not sound like a big deal, however, the manger was very rude when we tried to pay with our American debit card and her attitude really ruined the meal for us.The St-Viateur Bagel shop a few blocks away was pleasant.  It is simple, bagels and cream cheese, that is it!  What else do you need?
5	I loved visiting this Cafe. I bought a dozen bagels for around $9 and also sat down to have one bagel for breakfast for around $11 (huh?).  There are two different counters, one for buying bagels by the half dozen or more, and the other counter is to have a bagel dressed to go (BLT, cream cheese, etc). I choose to sit down and enjoy table service.My order was taken quickly and my food came soon after that. The BLT I ordered also came with a tea/coffee and a bowl of fruit. It was soooo yummy. The staff I encountered were all very friendly, the service was excellent here. The bagels I bought to-go were all I could smell on the ride home and it was heavenly.
2	What's the big deal?!  These bagels didn't have that much of a different flavor. It was also crazy expensive to sit and eat. $5 for a chai!!!???  The bagels were cold-ish and the service was ok. I wouldn't make a special trip here for bagels. Didn't see the hoopla.
4	When in Montreal, this place is a must.  Their bagels are great, but I do prefer NY bagels.  I don't care for the sweetness of the bagels in Montreal.  I had a BLT Bagel sandwich that was yummy.  This place is super quaint as well.
5	I loved the everything bagel. When we walked in the waitress explained the procedure for us. We talked to the cashier a little. I loved the pesto cream cheese. I wish I thought to buy half a dozen to bring back to the states.
4	I love love love Montreal bagels! Although I have no comparison to other Montreal bagel shops like Fairmount, these bagels are amazing! Hands down their bagels surpass NYC bagels. (Yes I know I can't believe I'm saying this!) Especially when the bagels are straight from the oven, they are so delicious! Bagels are super soft in the center but has a nice, slight crisp on the edges. Their bagels satisfy you without feeling full or overloaded with carbs. I didn't sit down at the cafe but instead went to the take out counter to buy a half dozen bagels.  This location is in the Plateau neighborhood which is perfect, since you can take your bagels to go and eat it at La Fontaine park. I will be so happy if and when they open a location in NYC!
4	Pains me to admit it but Montreal has the best bagels, better than Ess-a, better than H&H. Crazy right?This place is very Ess-a-bagel-esque, minimalist in presentation, delicious in taste, a no frills mouth adventure.Montreal is surprisingly also very good for, steak, smoked meats, maple syrup and turning out TV show hosts. Do not ever take the train there from Manahattan, you will die!
3	I'd come to this bagel shop expecting some kind of magical Canadian bagel...not sure why my expectations were so high, but I didn't get that. Instead I ate slightly underwhelming bagels. I ate here three times since it was right below the apt I rented for my stay in Montreal. The bagels in this shop are fine--slightly more petite than the bagels I typically buy at ess-a-bagel in NYC. I ate sesame bagels all 3 times, with jam one morning, unsalted butter (wish it was salted) on another, and cream cheese/lox/capers on the other occasion. The lox player also came w a choice of salad (green, pasta, 3 bean) for around $11. I didn't need a salad at 8am, but when in Rome?The cafe itself was cozy, coffee was caffeinated and the staff was friendly enough. If you find yourself in the Le Plateau area, swing by.
4	Okay, these are not the world's best, NYC-killing bagels. That said, they are damn fine bagels that would stomp on most of the rest of the continent. Served well, fast and friendly, all the sides and toppings were quality as well. Except the jam. Does nobody in this city make their own jam? Anyway, as noted in other reviews the eggs are that kinda egg mixture microwave stuff so if you're not into McD's style eggs, stay away but the bagels are killer and the place is cool.
2	Canadian Bagels are definitely a bit different than what I am used to eating. They are definitely flatter and lighter. Not exactly a bad thing, but they were a bit underwhelming.The place itself is a great stop if you want to grab a coffee and bite to eat. They have a large menu & wide selection of choices. I would say it's a bit on the pricey side for what it truly is, but they definitely do a lot of business here.I guess I am in the minority here given the other reviews, but had I not been staying right near this place I probably wouldn't have come here as much as I did.
2	So, unfortunately my lack of stars reflects the service, not the food- but only because the awful attitude we received truly made it hard to enjoy my bagel. Being from the US and knowing no French, we accidentally ordered bagels at the to-go counter and then wished to sit down. When we asked for plates, we got such a sigh and eye roll. We weren't trying to avoid a fee, tipping, or cheat the system. We were simply mistaken, and had we been corrected we'd have been happy to correct whatever it was that had upset this waitress so much.  Instead, we were given plates and knives with disdain and felt awkward as we tried to enjoy our bagels.Trust me, I would have preferred my bagel toasted! Had I understood how things worked I would have done it right. I would encourage staff to be a bit more patient. We never got any explanation of how to get seated service, so we were at a loss.Bottom line: for those who want the full bagel experience and are from out of town, don't walk up to the to-go counter by accident! However, I'll be darned if I know what you're SUPPOSED to do! Someone local might want to chime in and let those pesky tourists know! We'd love to be in the loop!
5	Excellent place as either a local or a tourist. These bagels are delicious!
4	This place is amazing for a sit-in brunch. The bagels are delicious and portions are very generous. I've been here everytime I came to Montreal and never left empty or unsatisfied. Service may be a bit slow on days though, and you might have to wait for seats if you go around brunch / lunch time. So expect a wait (10min?), and if you get in right awa, hurray! You're in for some good hearty food. Tip: I don't recommend buying their bagel to go if you're from out of town though...I did this on two occasions and both times and they became very hard and tough to chew very fast - maybe within three days? Definite would have given the place five stars if it wasn't for this!
4	I agree with the overall four star rating for St. Viateur bagels. The food was excellent. We got the "all-dressed" bagel (aka everything) with smoked salmon, tomato, cream cheese , onion lemon and capers. I read some of the reviews that compared this to NY bagels and I actually preferred Montreal bagels. You should know going in they'll be a little different. Flatter and a little less doughy, but the favors were as good if not better than ones from NY. I highly recommend the smoked salmon as well. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was that the service was slightly below average.
3	Coming from New York City, this reminded me of an old-fashioned NYC-style bagel spot - lots of bagels, no frills, no add-ons, although you can purchase cream cheese/lox/butter in family-style quantities, just like at a grocery store.  I thought the bagels were good and served a bit warm, which I enjoyed.
5	I actually had to google how bagels in Montreal were made because I could not believe how awesome they were after I ate here.  A few years ago, I had Fairmount, and loved it, but can't really compare because of the time lapse.I had about five bagels (yes, i realize i looked like a typical gluttonous american tourist, but i didn't have a lil bag on my waist)  and found they taste great plain, which, in my opinion, is a true measure of quality.  The only thing i noticed the popeye bagels must have been fresh out of the oven because they were very warm, where the others weren't.  I preferred the warm ones, but by no means didn't like the others.
4	St-Viateur was the clear winner when I decided to try both theirs and Fairmount's bagels. I played it safe and got a sesame bagel and the herb and garlic cream cheese with tomato slices. This is my favourite way to eat bagels.Our server brought it all over to the table with a heaping dish of cream cheese. At first I laughed and wondered how anyone would ever manage to eat that much cream cheese in one setting... and then I ate it all.It was delicious and chewy and perfectly toasted. I probably could have eaten about 3 more plates it was so good.
5	I'm an American who studied and lived in Montreal for 5 years and will take a Montreal bagel over a NY one any day. Don't get me wrong - I love NY bagels, but there's something about Montreal-style bagels that are just amazing. Anyway, I digress. If you simply want to get a freshly made bagel to go, I would recommend going to any of the St. Viateur bagel factory shops instead. If you want to sit down and enjoy a delicious bagel sandwich with a side salad and maybe a cappuccino, then definitely come to this cafe instead. Do catch the attention of one of the servers first, and she/he will sit you. Make sure you have cash on hand, as this place only accepts cash now. There are a couple of banks nearby, so you can withdraw some beforehand. Highly recommended stop when visiting Montreal.
5	Definitely the best place to enjoy a bagel in Montreal! The bagels are super fresh. Great service and great atmosphere! Their lattes are just as good as the ones I had in Italy.
4	Thank heavens for its 24hr convenience! We got into st. Viateur at 4;30am to the sweet smell of fresh bagels! The service was bare, cash only service! There was sesame bagels available! We ended up grabbing a half a dozen, and ate it right there outside the store. It was warm and delicious! We added some cream cheese on the side for added Taste. Will definitely come back to try other types here!
3	I almost feel like I should give this place 4 stars, because it was really cool to see the  way they produce these bagels in what appeared to be a giant slim pizza oven.    I would definitely check this place out if you are in the area just to see the production of the bagels.As for the food though, which is what its all really about, the bagel that they gave us was cold and too dense.  It wasn't terrible, but the one's we had at Fairmount were much better.      Maybe their bagels are normally better:   maybe it was just bad timing, or maybe we needed to request one fresh out of the oven....but, I've got to grade it on what we had, and given that the bagel just A-OK, I've got to go with a 3star review of this place.
4	So cool watching the bagels being cooked in the giant open oven.Ordered bagels to go, including cinn-raisin and rosemary/sea salt. Employees were super friendly and patient with our futile attempt at speaking French.
4	Friendly service and tasty bagels. They give you plenty of cream cheese for all (5) bagel quarter slices that they give you.
4	Perfect bagels - a must try. Came for breakfast on a Monday after Osheaga, so I know they were pressed for service, being busier than was probably expected. Despite that, the staff were incredibly kind. Our food was wonderful, and we all ordered 1/2 dozens of bagels to take home. The gentleman working at the bagel-to-go counter was wonderful! He even went along with my attempt to make a joke in my broken French.
5	So good!! But hard to park in downtown Montreal
4	Bagels are fresh, cozy environment. friendly and helpful waitress. I like the place. The only problem is the quality of some ingredients and their consistency in quality. I think the black olives comes from can. I have had great bacon and badly cooked bacon. For the last two times, I felt like the bacon was frozen and they even couldn't re-heat it properly whereas I also had sizzling bacon on my plate. I like the place but I pick extras carefully.Edit: The frozen thing was bacon, not bagel..
5	Best bagels in Montreal. Try to get here when the bagels are hot out of the oven. It's something every bagel lover needs to experience at least once.
3	Cute little place for breakfast/lunch! We came for breakfast on a Tuesday morning and there were still a good amount of people in there. I imagine the place is packed on the weekends, so plan accordingly. We got a table by the window/front of the store, so it was nice to basically be sitting outside and enjoy our food.- Smoked meat sandwich on a sesame bagel: Tasty, but the mustard could be better.- Sesame bagel with sun dried tomato cream cheese and fresh tomatoes: Could really taste the freshness of the bagel since I didnt get a massive sandwich, but the bagel is a little skimpy- I was tempted to order another bagel because although I was full enough, I wasnt completely satisfied.- Chai tea latte: a little too milky for my taste, as the chai flavor wasnt strong enough- Regular brewed coffee: Not too strong, not too weak. We like our coffee REALLY strong, which their is not, but also not watered down or weak. Good place to go and enjoy a relaxing breakfast. Good service, decent food. But definitely not waiting in a long line for.
5	I was skeptical after walking almost 2 miles from our hotel that we would find a bagel that would blow our minds but lo-and-behold, our minds were B-L-O-W-N from something as simple and humble as a sesame bagel straight from the oven.Being newbies, we asked what everyone ordered and the answer was "sesame" and there was a pile of them coming out of the oven with just a slight hint of burn and crisp. You pick up a few single serving Philadelphia cream cheese pads from the fridge and pay less than a buck for a fresh bagel.The warmth of the bagel combined with just the right amount of chew puts any west coast US bagel to shame. We made a mistake of ordering some raisin bagel which was from a pile that was obviously out much longer so that one was a bit harder and colder and more normal.Both my SO and I agreed that we could've eaten a few more of those bagels each.
4	Oh man I totally understand the argument between those from Montreal and New York on which city has the best bagels.    I am a sucker for bagels and the seemingly endless possibilities for toppings. I had to try the sesame bagel. I topped it with regular cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumber, and red onion. I really enjoyed my bagel and even my hubs who isn't the biggest fan of bagels loved them.     The difference between these bagels and all the other bagel shops in the city is that they are fresh from the oven. it really adds to the flavor of the bagel, it had a great crust and a delightful chewy center while still being somewhat fluffy.       If I could have managed it I would have sent some back home to enjoy at a later date. Yet I'm sure I would have ended up eating them before I even made it to the airport. I highly recommend everyone try a bagel from Montreal and judge for yourself who has a better bagel.
4	I had the Chicken on Sesame Seed Bagel with side of Beef Barley Soup. I love the toasted crispy bagel with hint of sweetness and fragrant sesame. Chicken was plain so I had to spread a lot of mayo. Soup was packed with barley and veggies - hearty and delicious! I also tried a bit of Moo Moo (roast beef) and Montreal Smoked Meat - good with mustard! A cute little cafe, very packed, and I love how you can see them make the bagels fresh in store!
4	So good! It's been more than a month since my last visit to St. Viateur and I still dream about these bagel sandwiches and the delicious [imitation] crab salad. Why must you be so far, Montreal? Tip 1: Split the lox because one entire order of it may get a little bleh. (Between the three of us, we shared the lox and the turkey club, which was out of this world!)Tip 2: The all-dressed bagel is the absolute best.
