4	Organic supermarket with a large prepared food item area, it is pricey and have entree's and sides and hot soup.  You can spend a fortune here but it is so good.  Even the small bakery section is yummy.  Fruits and veggies are really nice here, quality and organic.
4	I shop here every weekend.  Even though I feel as though Whole Foods has lost some of its original spunk since turning into a giant national chain it is still better than anyplace else to shop.  You will always find a nice selection of organic foods and groceries.  Nice wine and cheese selection.  Great prepared foods.  And they give you complimentary ice so your food doesn't spoil during the drive home before the A/C kicks in.
4	Nice quality Wholefoods here, pleasant and helpful staff , one of the bigger stores I  have used, certainly a lot more elbow room than the one I use in NYC.
4	How I ended up at this Whole foods is a bit of a long story. One night some years ago a few friends and I saw a little Indie film called Super Size Me. It was a late show, and by the time we got out most restaurants were closed in the area. As weird as this seems after seeing the movie we were still hungry for dinner. Due to the contents though there was no way anyone wanted fast food. After trying to think of something a friend of mine who had begun dieting mentioned how Whole Foods is open late and has an awesome salad bar. Perfect! The salad bar was just what we needed. It had a huge selection and almost everything in it was organic! The store itself was also huge compared to most of alternative grocery stores I have been to. It also seemed to feature much more organic produce. Whole foods is a bit pricey, but if you want the best and healthiest apples you can find you should come here!
4	Yes, it's expensive, but it's such a treat, and I haven't found another organic grocery in town that has the quality produce, salad bar, cheese selection, meats, seafood, etc... and it all tastes so fresh, healthy, and good!I returned home to an empty refrigerator after being away on vacation and  since it was New Year's Day, I wanted to start off on the right foot.  So, I went to a yoga class and then headed over to Whole Foods to stock up.  I spent over $100 and brought home 4 bags worth of miscellaneous items to fill up my kitchen with.  (That will probably last me all of a week if I'm lucky).I will say that the fruit is some of the best I've had in awhile... watermelon, honeydew, mango, and blueberries.  They also have great soup selection - (I purchased chicken noodle, split pea, mushroom barley, and egg flower) and if you want a sweet treat without the guilt, try Bubbies Homemade Mochi Ice Cream.  I've had both the mango and vanilla flavors and they are delicous!Quality products, impressive selection, helpful staff, and central location... I will be back to visit often, Whole Foods - even if you are a little pricey :)
3	I was asked to pick up a red bell pepper.  So, I head over to Whole Foods Market.  Great, they have a bunch of them... Whoa!  $7 a pound for a red bell pepper?  I'm shocked.  "Goodness, that's a lot of money.", I muse to the produce guy.  Then I get indignant.  So, in my best Chris Rock impersonation I say:"What kind of bulls**t are you running here?  A bell pepper for seven dollars?  What, is there something inside the pepper?  There some kind of prize in the pepper?  Is it like a big old Cracker-Jack pepper?  What the f**k's in the pepper?How about I give you a buck-fifty, and you hollow me out one of those Braeburn apples?"-Cheap Pete
3	I think I will assume that this Whole Foods has been around for awhile because it certianly lacks the bells and whistles I have grown to love about Whole Foods in general.  In Michigan I can remember a certain Whole Foods in Ann Arbor that I began calling 'Disney Land' because of the extreme overload to my senses.  This particular Whole Foods is pretty average.  Yes, they have all the beautiful food and produce of a typical Whole Foods.  Yes, they are expensive but I would agree with Gabi that it is always fun to treat yourself to a round of grocery shopping at Whole Foods.  I found the workers to be friendly and the produce to be fresh.But, I am still looking for a Whole Foods that will blow me away...
3	The one on Scottsdale and mayo is by far the best one. They have sooo much food. They have a full on sushi and korean bbq.You can get Tempura made to order!Also they have the latin food area where they make you  burritos and quesadillas.BOMB!  P.S. if your a homophobe dont go to whole foods, many gay people shop there.Especially the one in Tempe
3	Went to Whole Food Market on Friday to for take out. Been to this to this place several times. It is expensive but only go for specific items that you can not get at other places (weird stuff like like shortening that has no PHO, Miso paste, grape seed oil, truffle oil .....etc... and not so weird stuff like fresh fish, cheese and wine). This is the first time I went for the ready made food. I agree with some other reviewers, the food looks as if it has been sitting out for some time. My wife has been to the one in Hawaii by Kahala Mall (which just recently just opened within the year) and she said the ready made food is pretty good there. We LOVE the island favorite fresh POKI, this Whole Foods does this dish NO justice. Yuk. (tried it on a previous trip) Can't wait for the family trip to Hawaii to try out the Whole Foods in Hawaii, wife says it has smoked meat section, more selection, and Much better food. Enough with what could have been........Friday's ready made meal was Roasted Chicken, Broccoli Crunch, Flat Bread, and Cranberry Cheese. I have to say it took awhile going thru the store to find something that the kids would like and look like it was not sitting out for a long time. The roasted chicken was dry. It must be the fact that they use chickens that are not Pumped up with salt water (was talking to someone about their chicken). The seasoning was good though. Broccoli Crunch was good, kids like it, the crunch was from the fact the Broccoli was not cooked and it had almonds in it. Flat Bread was OK, can't complain about it. One thing I must say a positive about Whole Foods is the Cheese selection, you don't see that set up in too many places (at least where I can go that's a few minutes away). They had a sampling of Cranberry Cheddar out, the kids tried it and got their approval. Oh we also had Potato Leek Soup which was really good in my opinion. Fresh Produce, Cheese, Wine, Desserts, Coffee, kitchen cooking hard to finds (if you like to cook), Fresh Fish and Meat. Would be my limited Good things to say about Whole Foods in general. I hope they get the message and get better with the prepared foods.
2	Ahhhh, Whole Paycheck...You want me to buy a $13 piece of refrigerated lasagna, heat it up in a microwave, and then enjoy it in a plastic booth in front of a bunch of cash registers.  That says it all...
3	Can you guys get more real on your prices? OMG.  I've gone many times, but only for very specific items, (organic pasta, homeopathic drops, flatbread).  I mean if they closed, I wouldn't cry, cuz they're still Fresh & Easy & Trader Joes - MUCH cheaper.  Seriously, $100 gets your ONE, maybe TWO bags, at most!  I find all their wine way over-priced, to boot.  And their cheeses?! buy a couple little blocks - you could have eaten a full meal out for the cost you just spend on some cheese and crackers.You guys better get a grip, cuz i do (on my wallet).
2	Call me what you will -- I am a salad bar snob, and I like me some Whole Foods prepared food on occasion, but this Whole Foods is going to make me drive back to San Francisco for lunch, just to get some spinach in my salad. Sure, I like the outdoor tables, but the salad bar rarely has spinach, the garbanzo beans are pathetic specimens, the tofu is only the herbed type (if they have it), the dressing is in big vats, and can a guy have some corn on his salad more than once every 10 days? I'm passionate about Whole Foods...in fact I am getting teary about my old local in SF...anyway, this location is not up to par. Maybe it is the location near Frys and Albertsons and Trader Joes. Problem is, I don't want my Whole Foods to compete with those places, I want it to have the best vegan tastiness, great beer, awesome cheese, mouthwatering prepared foods, bizarre oils, veggies, and sauces, and spinach at the salad bar. When I want cheap pasta, soda, beans, and toilet paper, then I'll go across the street.
3	Surrounding merchants such as Bombay Spice & Verizon are the only reasons I'll stop here instead of another location.  This is one of the smallest Whole Foods locations and they're periodically low on some of the products I buy, especially this hot salsa that is fresh and refrigerated (or it is going to expire in a couple days).  Cheese selection and beer selection are subpar, and the bread area is small too.  I wish that all WF locations were like the one on Mayo/Scottsdale.
4	Yeah yeah, whole paycheck, cry me a river. Everyone knows exactly what to expect here, I'm not going to whine about high prices. The prepared foods area at this WF is much more restrained than at any other WF I've been to, which is sad because I used to love ogling the selections at my Boston shop. I think this location has a somewhat small but interesting wine selection but my real purpose for this review is to talk about the cheese shop. Arizonans have absolutely no cheese culture. Sorry. I love AZ and I'm glad I live here, but when I think about exotic cheese I don't think 'gruyere'. Cheese selection is the only way in which Arizona has failed me, until I met Laura, my Whole Foods Cheese Monger (not Lara of Petit Fromage).  After truly depressing excursions to AJs (their cheese is a JOKE and they should be embarrassed), then Trader Joe's and Safeway I called over to Whole Foods and connected with Laura. I asked her about certain cheeses I was looking for and we agreed to meet that evening to find unique options for a wine tasting I was hosting.  Laura explained that in the heat of the summer her cheese selection is rather sparse and that it would be picking back up in the fall. The cheese area is one of the smaller that I've seen, but there are some fun options beyond a simple Parrano or Gorgonzola Dolce. I saw some of my old favs like Taleggio, Explorateur, and Humboldt Fog and Laura introduced me to a few new friends, like Hirtenkase, the delightful german cheese that is made from some of the most pampered cows in the world! I decided on a refreshing chevre called Fleur Vert from California, Mimolette and Chaubier, though Laura very generously let me taste through a horde of options to find the right cheese and wine pairings. I really look forward to checking back in with her to see what new treats are in. I hope I can use her expertise for more wine events and I encourage you, nay, I insist you step away from that enormous Costco Manchego and talk to the Whole Foods Cheese staff about your exotic dairy needs. Broaden your horizons!
4	I buy ingredients here, and a few splurge snack items, not regular grocery runs, prepared foods, or wine, so take this review from that frame of reference... Today I needed ingredients for baking, including King Arthur flour (only one I'll use), rye flour, ww flour, yeast, baking powder & baking soda.  An example of why I like WF - they carry King Arthur, and they have other flours (a huge variety -rye, barley, potato, soy, you name it) in small bags!  Yeah!  No more tossing 3 lbs of rye flour because I haven't used it in months.I needed anchovies for making salad dressing - they have a nice choice from $3.00 to $12.00.  Need some juice... check, nice selection. W ant a nice cheese to munch on the drive home... got it.  No, the cheese isn't cheap, but when i'm craving a good one I'll pay a buck more rather than run over to TJs.  It seems whenever I'm doing a special dinner and want specialty, high quality ingredients, I go to WF first, and usually leave with everything i need. I've had no problem with anything being out of stock.The downers?  The lack of some "normal" thinks I'd like to pick up whole there, i.e. those toilet scrub sponges on a stick; hit or miss produce quality; terrible parking lot for maneuvering when it's full; and an over abundance of snotty customers.  Hardly anyone says "excuse me" when the want to get by (they just shove or tailgate me with their cart), or says 'thank you" when I move to let them access the same shelf at which I'm looking.... very different from my local F&E where people are generally much more courteous and friendly, albeit not nearly as well dressed.
5	I'm a gluten-free vegan; can my life get any worse?I kid. It's a conscious choice. Well, mostly. You see, I have this terrible thing called "food allergies." Among my allergies, gluten, egg whites, and casein (found in all dairy products). Being that I am a vegetarian, it is only logical for me to make the step to becoming vegan unless I want a lifetime of stomach aches and respiratory hell.  I have always come to Whole Foods for their wide variety of vegetarian options and the awesome salad bar, but now that I have found they have a section devoted to gluten free living and have a plethora of vegan options, I am absolutely in love.This lifestyle certainly isn't what one would call fun, but fortunately there are places like Whole Foods that help make my life just a little bit easier and cater to people with discriminating tastes or high maintenance eating requirements. Five Stars!
5	Ok, so I miss the Whole Foods in L.A., but its no different than this Whole Foods. I just don't get to stand in line behind Taye Diggs or have Drew Barrymore ask me if I had ever tried their prepared pasta salads.I am living in Phoenix now and will be moving soon (within Phoenix still). I have narrowed down my apartment search to locations with a Whole Foods within 3 miles. Is that sad?Their prepared foods area is quite good but pricey. Make sure you don't go to get dinner when you're really hungry because it is REALLY easy to walk out with like $40 worth of food. Shopping here has taught me more about reading/understanding food labels, thus eating healthier but has also enabled me to try new things that I never would even have access to by just going to my neighborhood Fry's. Now as much as I love Whole Foods, I unfortunately go there for specific items, not my entire grocery list. Too expensive for that. Maybe I should get a second job there?
4	Ahhh.... Whole Foods, John Mackey's little baby he has turned into a behemoth within the industry. I am so torn by Whole Foods, of course most everything is more expensive. This could stem from when Mackey started the business as a democratic socialist and was not making any money, yet people were complaining about pay and high prices so he then turned into a free market libertarian - you can blame your high prices on that if it makes you feel better. Mackey is also a Vegan, but has said if he didn't sell animal products it would be bad for business(if the business even existed), yeah I get it, but I don't like it. Does anyone even care about the innard workings of the company CEO of the store they love/hate? Ok I'll cut this short.This Whole Foods is an older store, not the real old school hippy-esque store, but it's nothing like the newer flagship stores around the country(like the one on Mayo). This obviously means they have to cut back on their selections to a degree but they still do a good job of cramming everything into this much smaller, albeit more "quaint" store. If I go to the Mayo store I am gone for 2 hours but only come back with a bagful of stuff because I was lost in a trance "browsing"; this makes my girlfriend very angry.I don't buy all my groceries here because I don't think some things are worth what they charge but in all honesty you can only find certain things at Whole Foods that you can't find anywhere else(Trader Joe's, Sprouts, Sunflower, etc). The Vegan/Vegetarian selection is massive compared to those other stores, they simply carry all the latest and greatest - it may not be the cheapest, but they carry it. One last item, and this is for pizza loving vegan fools - Whole Foods was one of the first places to carry Daiya cheese. They actually sell shredded containers of it in the refrigerator section, but they also have it available at the deli. The usual counter worker isn't that friendly which is a shame and always seems put out but that doesn't make the pizza any less tasty. You can get one of their "surfboard" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99. This may be the best deal going at Whole Foods and make up for that $8 bar of dark chocolate you just bought.
2	Like any other whole foods. Prices is outrageous to a point where I rather go to AJ's fine foods. Atleast AJ's staff knows extensively what their product is and super friendly.  For organic produce i rather go to sprouts. Thanks but no thanks.
4	More like Whole Paycheck Market.  Looking for a way to lessen the mental anguish I feel when I think about where my burger comes from, but not ready to abandon my hypocrisy and actually become a vegetarian, I've been looking for sources of meat, poultry, and pork that actually have some standards regarding the humane treatment of the animals in our food chain (aside from their eventual slaughter, of course).  I'm also lazy and prefer one-stop shopping.  After reading some positive information on their website (and hoping it's at least partially true), I headed to Whole Foods to check out their offerings.First off, their seafood selection was really incredible.  Since I wasn't going to be able to cook it in the next few days, I settled on some frozen salmon filets certified by the Marine Stewardship Council.  That means they can charge $7 for an 8-oz filet.  Off to the meat counter.  I purchased flank steak for $15/lb.  First off, I would like to know why flank steak is ever more than free.  It's a crappy cut of meat in my opinion, but works well for slow cooking.  I also purchased stew meat for $9/lb.  Stew meat!  Another crappy cut of meat.  Needless to say, I did not buy steaks at WFM.  What about pork?  Again, ridiculous prices for chops.  Chicken?  I did find prepackaged chicken for $4.99/lb.  I did not bother checking out their organic produce since I'm more than happy to consume pesticides like my forefathers.  And wasn't there a big stink lately about some of the frozen produce at WFM labeled "organic" actually coming from China? A variety of other items also made their way into my cart totaling $188 for very little.  Needless to say, WFM will not be a grocery store I frequent regularly, but with their pretty amazing selection of seafood, prepared foods, cheese, locally made breads, I will be back occasionally.  I'm a fan of the store, just not their prices.As for beef, I found a ranch in Arizona that makes monthly deliveries to the Valley and charges half of WFM without the middle man.  Sorry little piggies in your crates and chicks in your cages, I'm still looking:(
4	I love the large artisan selection of desserts!  I stop there whenever I can.
3	I was up in the area and stopped in. If I lived in the area I would be here frequently but I do find that Sprouts has better prices.  My favorite think about WF has always been their selection of vitamins and suppliments.  However, on this trip I found that many of the things I usually get or the variety I am used to was not present here.  [Sprouts won out again.]
4	Such a great place to pick up dinner or pick up stuff to make dinner. One of the best places to get fresh, organic and good produce. Although they are a little pricer than the traditional markets I think it's worth it. I was bummed they were out of raw cashews and chocolate covered banana chips, since thats the only place I go to get those two. Maybe next time.I wish they had more locations
4	Wanted some sushi quick and fresh. Went here today and the wonderful lady making the sushi create my order in no time and exactly the way I ordered. Delicious - had salmon, tuna, mackerel and eel, added a mixed roll of the same fish. And when I asked for extra ginger, I got extra ginger!
5	They have the friendliest staff at this Whole Foods. They know me by name and always have samples ready for the little boy I nanny before we even walk up to the Deli counter. Maureen the checker, Kathy in vitamins, and Daniel & Paula in the Deli are all exceptional- go see them if you need anything they will be happy to help.
5	My boyfriend and I love this whole foods! It is bigger with a bigger selection than the one in tempe. The cafe area is huge and so is the deli area. The employees are nice, it seems to have more products and it is like hard to choose which ones you want because it's all organic!The problem is it is expensive, but I would pay more if I had the money and I do believe in good quality products within a reasonable price. We usually go there if we stay in Phoenix and not go to Tempe.
5	My girlfriend and I love this Whole Foods! It is bigger with a bigger selection than the one in Tempe. The cafe area and the deli area is huge. The employees are nice, it seems to have more products and it is hard to choose which ones you want because it's all organic!The problem is it is expensive, but I would pay more if I had the money and I do believe in good quality products within a reasonable price. We usually go there if we stay in Phoenix and not go to Tempe.
5	And then I found THIS Whole Foods!After my horrible Tempe experience, I wanted to give another WF a chance before going up to the Mayo location (see my review for that one). This PV location is quite nice. It's definitely in a much nicer area than Tempe. As most WF's, this location is clean both inside and out.The staff is VERY friendly here. Not always the most knowledgable (I had asked some pretty detailed questions about some of the supplements), but they are resourceful. The guy helping me, offered to call other locations for my stuff. Very nice of him.After I picked up everything I "needed", I walked over to the prepared food section. Everything was spotless, and fresh. Excellent work. I bought some food to take home. I also got to sample some of their pizzas. Delish!Then, the best part of the store....the ice cream. It's not your typical FroYo, or gelato that has the consistency of snot. They have the best (in mine, and most Yelpers) ice cream around: Sweet Republic. I knew exactly what I wanted, so the guy packed up a pint for me to take home. If you are one of those people that can't make a decision on their own like a grownup, then you can sample each of the flavors, while you dilly dally...the lady in front of me was like that. The ice cream guy was VERY patient with her, and even kept up a smile the whole time.I said it before in a Quick Tip, but this is the second best WF in the area (next to the Mayo location), but the staff here makes up the difference.Well done, Whole Foods. Well done.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Yes, this place is expensive, but they have the only whey protein shake I like.  So, being in the neighborhood and in need of my protein powder, I stopped by this WF.  It seems a little darker that the others and space is limited, but they had my shake.  So I was in and out in less than ten minutes.
4	After living in Tempe for 2 years, I'm very grateful to be now living within 10 minutes of this Whole Foods. If I had to rank all WF in the valley, this wouldn't be at the tippy top, but it's a huge improvement from the Tempe store which would certainly be at the bottom. Way more local produce, much larger salad bar and prepared foods section, and more events.People don't call it Whole Paycheck for nothing, but it's worth it to come mid-week when I couldn't make it to the farmers market and see some solid local options. I'm giddy when they have a huge selection from Sunizona Farms. Since it's also 10 minutes from Arcadia, I am one happy local girl.
5	I stopped by for some non-plastic wear (cups and bowls) and was delighted to see their fun juice/coffee bar.  They have a nice selection of different fresh juices, coffees and they even have kombucha on tap!  I don't remember the name of the juice I got, but it had kale, parsley, celery, cucumber, apple and spinach and was soooo good!  Overall, I really appreciate the fact that they support local business and stock their shelves with products that have some freaking integrity.  If it weren't so far from where I lived, I'd probably shop here more often.  Keep it real, guys:)
5	It's a Whole Foods. They are all the same! Which isn't a bad thing for Whole Foods considering the awesome food and product selection!
3	I think I am spoiled by the Whole Foods on Scottsdale and the 101. It's much bigger, with a much better selection (especially the to-go section) than the Tatum and Shea location. I don't think I'd even mind so much if the staff at this location wasn't so rude. I have never met a nice or friendly associate in all the years I've been going there. Problem is I am so much closer. I mean, it's Whole Foods.. But if you have the time, go to the one on Scottsdale Rd. and the 101.
5	I love this store!!! Everyone is happy and kind.
1	Over priced yuppie garbage.Poor unknowledgable servants.Go to the farmers market!
1	I hate this store .. the salad bar is always cold and dry , the Workers are rude and not nice .. over  priced.. Called the corporate office talked with a Debbie , She was as RUDE as the workers , i can see why the workers act like they do ...So many other places you can go to get GOOD healthy food for less the price and be treated alot better
3	As they say Whole Paycheck.  I was disappointed to learn that the Cornucopia Institute did a study on cereal and discovered that Whole Food's brand 365 corn cereal was over 51% GMO corn.  They promote themselves as being GMO free.  Also, the sushi they sell is good, especially the brown rice sushi, but they come with little packets of soy sauce and I contacted the company to ask if the soy is GMO soy or not, but could not get an answer.  I left messages, but never received a call back.  This being the case, I suspect that it is GMO soy.  I had an Einstein vegetable juice today--freshly made juice, it was delicious.  They also have some kale chips that are to die for.  The Tuscon Tamale Company sells frozen organic blue corn tamales in Whole Foods in the frozen food section.  They're delicious.  I did contact the Tuscon Tamale Company, because I wanted some basic nutrional info on their product.  They never answered my email and when I called the girl said she didn't know anything about the tamales.  Oh well, at least it's organic corn and not GMO corn.
5	there are a bunch of cry babys if you cant not buy anything from whole foods dont shop there point blank go to walmart or smartshop i love this store they have the best meat and friut from our small frams i love it here its way cheaper then the whole foods nyc.....we should be proud we have this type supermarket
4	I made fun of a new acquaintance for his love of Whole Foods and of course find myself there the next week. To add to my hypocrisy, I love it. It is well worth the drive and the only grocer in AZ where I have been able to find my boyfriend's favorite beer: Rogue's Juniper Ale. As an added bonus, I also found Voodoo Donut Maple Bacon Rogue Ale. How could I turn it down? I used to frequent Whole Foods by Lincoln Center in NYC years ago and have spent my last years attempting to find another location that uses a machine to make honey peanut butter with no luck until today. Delicious, yummy, amazing happiness. Love the samples, love the produce, don't love the eel sushi: chewy/gummy eel and found a bone. It was also great being next to Trader Joe's as there are things I like in both. That being said, I don't think it will be too long until I come back!
2	While I LOVE Whole Foods, this location has some of the worst customer service.  Not sure why they have such an attitude, but I avoid this store if possible.The cashier didn't say Hello, or thank you or Good Bye...it was very strange!!
5	In addition to my grocery shopping, I spent almost 20 minutes just looking thru and reading all of their sunscreen products.  Even though I asked multiple questions during that time all of the clerks were very kind, attentive and informative!  It was a wonderful experience and with their help, I even found exactly what I wanted.
4	Whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar. Its always clean and fresh. The staff at the store are always really friendly and helpful. Its always clean and I love all the samples they have out. Some stuff is pretty pricey. but the produce and lunch meat are always about the same as other stores maybe a little bit more but you get organic stuff!
3	This used to be my favorite Whole Foods in the valley a couple of years back and had I reviewed it say 4 years ago-I would have definitely given it 5 stars . They did a major reshuffling of employees and it just hasn't been the same. Nothing specific-just a colder vibe and the cashiers are not as friendly. Like other reviewers have mentioned it is pricey so I have been just going for my staples and I grab a basket rather than a cart so I am in and out within 10 minutes.
4	Definitely a great place to get something special and gourmet.They let you try anything you want too.I love stopping by the cafe for a blueberry shake! It's great with bananas and soy protein after a workout.All the staff members are very friendly! It's definitely pricy, but worth splurge once in awhile. They even have Sweet Republic gelato and sorbet...Honey Lavender...help me!! MMM
4	A nice Whole Foods, to be sure, but considering the Fry's right down the street has great produce at better prices I'm not really sure what would send me to Whole Foods aside from perhaps a search for something esoteric.  Not really much different from the Whole Foods back home in Ohio I'll still be here anytime I need bulk fleur de sel or perhaps quality coffee in a pinch, but otherwise I just can't justify the admission price.
1	THey screwed up my favorite salad - at least today. The smoked mozzarella pasta salad entered the realm of the inedible and found its way into my garbage can. If I lived closer, I would have returned the poor excuse for lunch. The issue was that they undercooked the main ingredient - the pasta. The tubes were hard and the salad was loaded down with so much mayo that it seemed like i would have been eating mayonaise salad had I continued down that path. Also, the Hatch chiles they claim that they put in the salad could not be tasted and the cayenne pepper kick that identifies this salad was not there either. My first week in Phoenix has provided lousy pizza, food poisoning, bad bagels and now my favorite salad has been tarnished forvever. With the size of the bowl of salad in their case, plenty more people will likely end up angry the next 2-3 days.
4	I really had a hard time rating this.  The first Whole foods I went to was one of the few big showcase ones in Town Center in Las Vegas.  I happened to be shopping at Penzeys in the same shopping center and knew I had to pick up some veggies for the weekend somewhere.  I found the store to be cramped and crowded.  And the price, I understand why folks call this chain "Whole Paycheck".  What made this place 4 star was the quality of the vegetables I ate during the week and the friendly service from every employee I came in contact with.
1	This is not Whole Foods! This is Fresh and Easy, which has creepy gmo and processed mainstream foods everywhere.
1	You lost me at "uh if it's empty we probably don't have any more, or at least we uh usually don't but we might".  Really? You are a manager and your first inclination when a customer asks if you have an item in stock in the back is to say you're probably out? I know how you work Whole Foods. I know how disorganized (and usually filthy your back rooms are) and you all like to act like you can't do anything if something is out on the shelf.  I would think if you are going to overcharge for a "bunch of junk" (in the words of John Mackey, CEO) then you could at least offer excellent customer service. But, no.  Oh well. I will find the item elsewhere and I won't be back. Every time I'm at Trader Joe's or Sprouts they are super helpful, and refuse to let me leave unhappy. Whole Foods could care less.
1	Last night I had the worst experience at this whole foods, and unfortunately it happened right after a very nice experience with a sweet, patient, and knowledgeable young lady at the cheese counter.  Thank you Naomi for you kindness and your spot on cheese suggestions!As for at least one member of their management team, I can truly say she seriously lacks in the customer service area!  This is what happened.  As I passed by the registers I noticed one of their signature black sample tables.  On it was an open clam-shell container with 2 cookies inside.  I grabbed a cookie and proceeded to go to the produce section.  A few minutes later I was finally ready to check out.  As I was placing my items on the conveyor belt, a short woman with short brown curly hair and black glasses about 15 feet from me began to yell.  I looked up to see what the commotion was about and realized she was yelling at me.  "Ma'am... ma'am, just so you know" she exclaimed bitterly, "those cookies were NOT samples!"  I was so shocked and at that point everyone within earshot was staring at us.  I said I was sorry and I offered to pay for the cookies, and she retorted nastily with "If you want to."  The bag girl looked horrified and I was thoroughly humiliated.  At least the cashier realized I made an honest mistake (I found out later that I wasn't the first one to make it) and tried to redeem their store's reputation by reassuring me "it was OK."  However she didn't appear to be surprised by this woman's ridiculous and senseless behavior.  I wonder if she makes a habit of berating customers and her employees?  A customer from the other side of the next register actually came around to offer me comfort after this vicious verbal assault.In taking the cookie I made a blunder but I already had over $80 worth of groceries in my cart, it wasn't like I was trying to get away with some kind of cookie heist.  This manager should have handled this situation in a more professional manner.  She should have approached me in a kind and informative manner (smile preferred) and brought the error to my attention in a normal conversational volume.  It is BAD business to publicly and uproariously mortify paying customers!Bottom line, I will not ever return to this store!
3	I am always torn when I go to any whole foods.....because I know I am going to always spend more money than I want to. I mean don't get me wrong I don't have any misconceptions that Whole Foods is an Expensive market....however I still get caught up in buying something there. Example being last night when I wanted a bite to eat before heading to the symphony orchestra. This location is offering Turkey meatballs with your choice of a side....sauce....and toppings. So I had the Turkey Meatball plate with mashed potatoes and pesto sauce with mozzarella on top.....mmmmmm....sounds good right? However it cost me 7.99 plus tax....and since my wife had a salad along with 2 drinks we spent about 15 bucks. I absolutely don't like spending 15 bucks at a Grocery Store for a meal....but again that is not new for whole foods...LOL. However the reason I gave this location 3 stars is because the service here is always suspect....I mean you have to ask people for everything in the store.....no seems to want to help you which is very unusual for Whole Foods Markets. Also when I was ordering my food the young lady didn't seem to have any idea what I was talking about or how to make it....thankfully there was someone there to assist her or I think I would've had to make it myself....LOL!!!! Now I don't know if all this madness took place because it was a Saturday or it was during the evening hours etc.....but if they shore this issue up with customer service I may consider bringing my review up a notch. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
2	Very small and crowded compared to other whole foods. Selection smaller but still very nice.
4	There is no reason to go out for burgers anymore.... all you need is the Whole Foods Cowboy Burger from the Meat Dept and grill them up at home.  Delicious.  WholeFoods is always the place I go when I need something very specific and I an only find here OR where I go when I needs something very special. Tammie Coe Cookies,Homemeade Tortilla ChipsSalad BarVital Wheat Gluten (for bread making)Meats and FishI really love when they ask if you need your groceries iced for your drive.  It so thoughtful and SMART, especially when living in Phoenix.
1	I LOVE Whole Foods...  but this location is seriously lacking.  Poor service...  Acted like we were an interruption at deli area and we were the only customers even close to this area.   They saw us, said "We will be with in a bit."  Then we Waited for a considerable time, only to be greeted rather gruffly, "are you ready to order?"  Ordered 2 sandwiches to take on a plane.  We asked can you cut them in half and wrap the halves separately?  Response... "I'll wrap them together and put them in a box."  I again asked, Can't you please wrap the halves separately?  Response...  Irritated exhaling noise and a verbal "OK"In the future I will stick to the Whole Foods on Mayo Blvd!
4	Whole Food is a great place to shop at when looking for higher end products that the typical grocery stores do not carry. This is the location that I used to go to before they opened their newer and larger store on Mayo Blvd. I still like to come here on occasion when in the area.Inside is a bit smaller and there are fewer choices to select from in the ready to eat section as well as other areas. Everything there still meets the high standards of quality that you expect when shopping at any of their fine stores. I always enjoy trying the free samples on the weekend in the produce and cheese sections. Sometime even get to try a little of the meat group at the butcher case.The coolest thing about this location is that there is a Trader J's and a Penzey Spices right in the same parking lot. Kinda like betting the Trifecta at the horse track and getting a trunk load of high quality yummies at the same time. To quote the infamous Charlie Sheen - WINNING!
1	This place is a cheese ball version of the scottsdale store. It shouldn't even be called by the same name. Sprouts is much friendlier and even the Frys across the street is cleaner and has better customer service. I live between the scottsdale and this store and always regret not going the other way.Enter happy and leave disappointed.
2	The service here has really gone downhill.I love the concept of Whole Foods and the range of options given. Being a vegetarian/vegan, this is one of the few places that you can come for a whole range of options. The produce here is always great. Plus,I also enjoy the smoothie bar and the pizza that they will put in a to-go box for you.However, there have been 2 times now where I have had lackluster service, sometimes even downright rude. I have come to expect this at lesser stores but not at Whole Foods. One male cashier that we had did not even acknowledge us the entire time he was scanning our items, but instead told awkward inside jokes to his friend who was bagging our groceries. He didn't talk with us through the whole transaction and after the bags made their way into the cart, he shouted "Later!" like a surfer dude and resumed chatting with his BFF. This is no way to treat the customers of your store, especially when we drive WAY out of our way to come here.Yes, I returned even after the aforementioned experience, thinking it must be a fluke.So...yesterday we went and AGAIN were treated rudely, by guess what? The SAME GUY. This time he was bagging the groceries and did such a poor job that my husband had to stop and re-do it himself on our way out. He was in such a rush that he couldn't bag our groceries properly.It's too bad. Please fire this man. (Curly, blonde hair). He is terrible and gives Whole Foods a bad name. I will be going to the new one on Camelback from now on.
5	even though i live roughly 15-20 minutes from this store, i still make it a weekly habit to come here for groceries. the breakdown: sushi. their selection of rolls and sashimi are awesome! i love that i can buy a brick sized piece of salmon sashimi to take home and slice up myself. while i do love aj's sushi bar as well, whole foods definitely has them beat. juice bar. whenever i come in to do my shopping, i always head straight to the juice bar for one of their delicious fresh drinks. every juice mix i've tried has been fantastic, even if the fruit/veggie combo sounded like it might not work together.produce. really terrific selection of fruits and vegetables. i especially love their huge variety of pre-cut produce; it makes cooking super convenient!in addition to carrying a lot of great companies that i can't get at any other local stores, their stuff is generally totally affordable.  a grocery store with a unique selection can mean higher prices (aj's), but i usually leave whole foods feeling pretty pleased with what i ended up spending. ps. i'm super pumped for the new store that's opening on camelback next month! now i'll have a store within a mile of my house!
3	Great day for some food shopping.  Came in on a Sunday morning, there was crowds and only 3 registers were open with long lines.  They did not notice and did not open up a 4th register. Need to have a quicker response time when lines form.The staff is friendly and especially the meat counter guys.  They are quick and prompt to getting you the serivce you need.
4	I like this little store. It's nothing compared to the giant store in north Scottsdale. However, I like shopping here because it's a little bit less crazy most of the time. They don't carry all the stuff (and no food court or bar-haha) that the other store has, but they still have most of the good stuff. I usually go there after shopping at Trader Joe's!
5	I love this store.  Non gmo foods, gluten free, dairy free you name it, they have it.  I liked the world market section they have.  I bought some vegetarian chilli to try out at home.  Among other items I found are: Bulgarian yogurt, all kinds of immitation cheese, sea weed snacks, awesome chips, nature's box oreo cookies.  I also enjoyed the juice from their juice bar while shopping, so it was definitely a nice experience.  However there was this one lady there that yelled at me to get out of her way as she needed to put milk in her coffee, and she did not care if she was rude or not lol.  Um is this the opposite of white trash I don't know??? :D
2	I ONLY shop at whole foods but this location is the worst of the 4 locations that I've been to in the valley. It might be the oldest so the layout and even selection seems to be outdated. I rather go to the location on mayo or even better go out of my way to the new location in camelback.
2	I LOVE Whole Foods as a company, but this has got to be one of the worst locations in AZ. Maybe I'm spoiled with the shelf space and layout of the one on Mayo in Scottsdale (a flagship store built in 2008), but this Shea store is about a third of the size, if that. EVERY time I have gone there (it's much closer to me than the Mayo location), they NEVER have what I need. Whether it's a type of hummus, cosmetic, vitamin, flax oil, it's never there like it is on Mayo. They just don't have the shelf space.Today, I tried one more time for Barlean's flax oil. Oh, they had it, but the 16oz sizes had been sitting on the shelf since November (it says on the bottles when they are created) and due to expire in one month. Shows how little product they move. They just don't have the customer turnover. I looked for a hummus they had at the Mayo location and they didn't carry that either. When I asked about the brand, they tried to sell me something else that I didn't want. Weak. My other major complaint and apparently it is a common one according to the staff, is that they have a HUGE display of bath salts (open) and soaps sitting out near all the food smack in the middle of the store. If you want flax oil, you'd better be good at holding your breath. It was so strong that just from walking through the area once, my boyfriend asked me "what is that smell, it smells like cheap perfume soap or something" on me when I got home. Wow. It's really bad for anyone with perfume sensitivities which is a lot of people in AZ, one of the worst allergy zones in the country. I mean, Whole Foods is supposed to be a mecca of health, not stench and inconvenience. This long-time customer will be exclusively shopping (and dropping lots of cash) at Mayo from now on. I'm tired of wasting my time and breathing the fumes at Shea.
3	I go here for the bulk nuts... almonds, cashews, and pecans in particular. Sometimes, they have irresistible prices on fruit and veggies. There is almost never a line at checkout. Parking is convenient.
3	Perhaps if I was rich, I would shop here more often. The produce is way too expensive and you have to look carefully at the berries to make sure they don't have mold (maybe if they lowered the prices, more people would buy berries here). Anyway, I love the hot foods bar, cheese shop, and beer on tap. The 365 brand is great for us normal people. Big bulk section, freshly baked items like bread, cookies, and muffins. Pretty standard Whole Foods.
4	I love Whole Foods, but this one is much smaller than the one in Chandler.  It is still nice, but just didn't seem to have as big a selection that I am use to.  Still great, but wish it was bigger!
4	I love this store. I have only been to 2 or 3 so I am not a good judge of one being better that the other. It's clean and the variety is amazing.  I stroll thru the entire store and look at everything before I decide what I need. I always pick out a sushi roll and it's usually the albacore variety.  The sushi is always fresh and tasty. I have also tried the soups and they are amazing too. It's definitely a safe bet if you are out and about and need a healthy and fresh snack or meal.
3	Came here for the salad bar and to grab a few items. Teeny tiny bag of tiny multi colored potatoes. Almost four dollars.Great looking produce section except every time I looked at the price my inner dialogue was, "You've GOT to be effing kidding me!!"Skipped buying all produce here because I know Sprouts is cheaper.Looked for Sriracha. They have a tiny bottle for a fortune. I get it because I don't want to go to another store to find it.I walk up and down the aisles looking for canned coconut milk. It's not near the Thai food items and I don't see it anywhere else. My bad it's on the bottom shelf with the soups. Also over priced.I grab some 365 pump hand soap which I later learn had already been opened and leaked all over the bag. Buh bye five dollar soap!Finally I go to the salad bar ready to chow down. Probably the least inventive and most ill kept WF salad bar I've ever seen. Dry stuff. Soggy stuff. Plain old chicken that looked like rotisserie chickens pulled apart not the marinated chicken I've had at other WF salad bars. I'm not impressed so I move to the sushi but it's cold in there so I decide to get some hot food.I get impatient waiting to be waited on at the Burger area and I order some Kung Paochicken from the sushi lady.It's a small amount, mind you. And with one flick of her wrist I see that the price tag reads $6.95. For that price, it doesn't include rice. I wonder if it's all organic ingredients but I don't ask. I pay 75 dollars for my sack full of five things, eat my Kung Pao chicken which is good but will never fill me up because it's just not enough good- and I wonder if I'll bother coming back at all.Trader Joes is across the lot and Sprouts is up the street. Hmmmmm....
1	I bought a smoothie and a different price came up at the register than the sign and also the $1 promotion was not showing up. Juliana was my cashier and instead of helping me she rolled her eyes and laughed at me. Only after I had to press the issue was she willing to call the bakery to confirm the price. When bakery called her back she said, "I'm not even going to answer them" and proceeded to help the person next in line!I was just standing there waiting to be acknowledged. It was like I was a burden to her just cause I wanted her to do her job!I shop at whole foods a couple of times a day (coffee in the morning, usually get a smoothie for lunch and my regular groceries) and only had a positive experience. I'm such a whole food fan and this seem so out of place with the whole foods that I experienced in the past. Hope you can resolve this issue ASAP!***i heard from several including an employee friend of mine that after I left Juliana and her coworker Mikelyn Sierra were mocking me and laughing at me.
