5	Believe it or not, this whole foods is actually one of the most successful ones. the location is strange, but it's pretty central for most of the yuppier areas of pittsburgh, and it's the only one in the pittsburgh area. Just for that, they get 5 stars.
2	I think the only thing I appreciate about Whole Foods is entering the store and seeing their fresh cut flowers.  Let's see why.....I attempt to drive to Whole Foods only to be caught in a line of 5-6 cars attempting to get into the parking lot.  (I guess I'm not cool enough to ride Pat Transit from the South Pittsburgh home).  When I find a place to park, after the Lexus SUV (HA!) pulls out, I find that they didn't put their cart back.  So I enter the store and admire how their design is very appealing to the eyes (how DO organic oranges get so ROUND and so ORANGE) and everything is stacked so neatly.  Then I read that a pound of these oranges are $1.99...  Then I go to the meat section, which I don't even eat, to find that the prices are double those of Trader Joe's or even Market District (see future review).  So I walk around and debate to see if I should buy Clif Bars and Naked Juice (which happens to be on sale) because LORD KNOWS I don't need bulk-blanched-almonds.  But then I decide to buy "fresh" CHUNKY peanut butter because it would be fun to try.  (When I get home later, however, I bought Valencia peanut butter, whatever the hell that is, and cannot stomach it.  Gimmie my Jif.)  So while I am waiting in line, I see the  bikes (those rebellious urbanites moved from Quiet Storm) and wonder if my money is better spent elsewhere.  Regardless, I whole-heartedly (no pun intended) support organic and sustainable farming, but I'd rather go to the farmer's market or drive a bit further out of the city to go somewhere real to buy my "whole food".  And at least I put my cart back.
5	This place is a God-sent for a California girl like me. And kudos to them for not being "afraid" of East Liberty.Prices are important, but I care more about what I put in my body. So I get my special needs stuff here, and my basics elsewhere. I can't ding them for costs because you pay for quality. But if cheap costing food matters more than lard, transfats, or hormones found within it, you can always just shop at that other store down the street....There's a nice sized cafe area, and plenty of space for bikers to park. Cheers to them for friendly & knowledgeable staff and customer discounts for bringing your own bags.True, the parking lot is a mess, but I attribute that more to:a) People not knowing how to drive. Because you CAN drive to the back of the parking lot, park, and get inside in half the time it takes to sit in line like a moron who doesn't understand how to drive AROUND a car waiting to park.... andb) Pittsburgh's lack of urban planning... because it makes sooooo much sense to put an entering & exiting driveway 25 feet away from a three-way intersection on a two lane street. Beautiful.
4	I like Whole Foods. But if you can help it, don't go on the weekends. It's a complete zoo on the weekends. Don't even bother going there on Mondays, bec. so much of it is picked cleaned by the locust hoards that come in from the outlying suburbs. At first I was a bit sceptical about Whole Foods w/ its apt nickname "Whole Paycheck." However not everything is super expensive and some things are cheaper than Giant Eagle or Trader Joes. I really love their 365 Brand and I'm just resigned to not being able to buy everything I want at one grocery store. Eg. I would love it if Whole Foods sold non-frozen Ezekiel's bread. I actually buy  a lot of basics here and some of them end up being cheaper than  Trader Joe's or Giant Eagle.Things I always buy at Whole Foods and no where else, bec. I have found it way better in price/quality:-365 Brand Tofu (MUCH better that Trader Joe's tofu that has  weird texture)-365 Brand dried beans/canned beans-365 Brand butter (no BST)-365 Brand Edamame (is far better than Trader Joe's Edamame which has a strange smell).-365 Brand whole wheat flourOf course I prefer Trader Joe's for their peanut butter(bec. it has no salt) and Ezekiel's bread. And I do end up buying their coffee, bec. it's slightly cheaper than the Allegro Coffee at Whole Foods. However, the Allegro Ethiopian Harrar is quite good.
5	I recently visited Whole Foods for the first time in my life, and I was pleasantly surprised.  I was particularly shocked by the prices--not because they're worthy of the "Whole Paycheck" nickname, but because they're surprisingly low.  Perhaps the nickname was developed by people who'd previously only shopped at cheap-o supermarkets.I like the well-stocked salad bar and dining area, and so does the rest of Pittsburgh, apparently.  Half the city was assembling salads during my last visit.  Vegan items are clearly marked as such, and everything is fresh.
2	I don't know, maybe I'm not clear on the concept of Whole Foods.  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing really wrong with shopping at Whole Foods.  Whole Foods does have wonderful merchandise, but...I have found that I can buy a lot of the same organic things and environmentally safe cleaners at Giant Eagle for less.Thier wine and beer selection, supposedly quite remarkable in other states, well remember, this is Pennsylvania.  You can't buy those things at the grocery store.  I can get just as good quality meat and produce in the Strip District.  Sometimes, even better quality.I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all, but I actually like Trader Joe's better.
2	I loved Whole Foods in Ohio.  It was calm and quiet and had lots of pretty organic produce.Here?  Well, first of all, the parking lot is a death-trap full of upscale SUVs who have no idea how to drive courteously.  (A few pointers: use your turn signals, wait your turn, drive slowly in a parking lot, and put your cart back!)  My blood pressure skyrockets the second I even try to pull in here.Secondly, the whole store seems weirdly dark.  I don't know if it's the high, exposed-ductwork ceiling or what, but it's depressing.Thirdly, they offer plenty of bulk beans and nuts, but few varieties of rice.  There are a few good points, though.  The sushi (at least the vegetarian varieties) are good, and the desserts are delicious and beautiful.  The salad bar and prepared foods always look good, and the staff is friendly.  But I still try to avoid Whole Foods as much as possible simply because of the insane parking lot.
3	Everybody, chill out.  This is a trendy place to shop, yes, but it also has better prices on some things than Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's (Gasp!).  I split my time between Here, Giant Eagle and Trader Joe's pretty evenly, depending on what specialty items I might need.Oh yeah, don't drive here.  Walk, ride your bike or take the bus.  If you're really smart, you'll avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side streets.
5	AH!  I am never shopping anywhere else for groceries ever again (except if I want like ketchup and bologna and stuff-- then I'll have to go to giant eagle.)  But, after coming from the middle of nowhere midwest, I cannot tell you how good it feels to see cheese and meat in the grocery store that I actually want to eat.  AH!
2	Whole paycheck is a fitting name.This Whole Foods is decent for regular items but their prepared food prices have gotten really high as of late.  I used to shop here for almost everything but their common products can now be had at almost any other grocery store for less.Whole Foods had it's day as a unique place to shop with hard to find organic produce and products. Now it's just more expensive.
4	I always used to avoid Whole Foods because I thought it was way more expensive than Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's.  I recently moved to a new apartment and made a quick run to Whole Foods to stock up on groceries.  It's now the closest grocery store to me, so I figured, why not just this once?There was tons of interesting looking stuff, and I found myself getting carried away and filling up my cart way more than I had intended.  I braced myself for the total in the checkout line and was pleasantly surprised when it wasn't much more than I typically spend at Giant Eagle.  On top of that, the produce stayed fresh for way longer than GE's typically does!  From now on I'm going to stick with WF for all my fresh produce needs (along with a few other specialty items -- some of their frozen Indian food is surprisingly good), but I'll still go to GE for my everyday grocery shopping.Sure, their parking lot is a madhouse, but so is the Market District's.
4	Compared to other Whole Foods locations, this one is tiny! For comparison, the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still, it's nice to have and it is pretty decent overall albeit pricey.
4	Hello!I work pretty close to Whole Foods so I frequent it about 3-4 times a week for lunch. If you're there M-F between 12-1, you can find me in the salad/bread area (on the north end). Compared to other Whole Foods I've been to, I would actually rate it a 3 but considering I do not know of any other Whole Foods around, I thought it's my duty to those that do not know about Whole Foods a chance to give it a try. If the zucchinis at Market District looked a little weak, give Whole Foods a try. Plus their pre-made food is actually yummy.I'm able to keep my lunch on a budget by only buying lettuce and chicken from the salad bar (typically under 1/2 pound). I stash dressing, cranberries, and cheese in my office. I've tried buying the bag of pre-washed lettuce but I never finish them and I hate seeing them go bad. $3 lunches isn't bad at all.Other notes: The tofu chicken is really good (part of the salad bar)! It's not always available though. Also, none of their bread varieties impress me. I like their sushi rolls. If I could afford $8/day lunches, I'd probably have it everyday. I'd give their cashiers 5 stars. =)
5	I used to think that Whole Foods was too expensive and only for vegetarians. Boy was I wrong! I freaking love this place. They have everything from fresh meats, cheeses, fruits, produce and so much more. Their cakes and other deserts are utterly amazing. This is also where I fell in love with Naked Juices. They are delicious. The only thing I don't like is that parking is a bitch at times.
3	3.5 stars, actually. Would be 4 but I had to knock off half a star because of the parking situation. The lot sucks, I used to work at Whole Foods and I can not recall how many times I almost got hit by a car when retrieving carts. I am one of the lucky ones, I know of a few people who weren't so lucky. I'm a huge fan of the salad and hot bar - not a fan of the price though. To be fair, I can only blame myself for ending up with an $11 salad (but everything is so good and actually fresh I can't stop myself from piling it on). The prepared sandwich's are pretty awesome too and if you go after 9p, they are buy 1 get 1. I now work with a lot of children on special diets and I have no problem finding lots of GFCF treats for them here. Groceries range from expensive to moderate depending on the brand. The WFM's 365 line is an excellent bargain. The bakery is full of tasty treats. You've gotta try the pumpkin pumpkin pie, though I believe it is only available around the holidays. The whole store gets crazy busy on and around holidays.
2	Worst parking lot in Pittsburgh. Bring popcorn to watch middle-aged, self-important mouth breathers gun their BMWs at one another to illegally park in the handicapped spots .If one didn't know better, one could mistake the parking lot drama for a permanent, outdoor performance art installation (allbeit an extraordinarily douchey one). Snotty clientele, over priced prepared items, no longer have a monopoly on ANY product in Pittsburgh. That being said, they do have a great selection of produce, probably the best in Pittsburgh, but you'll pay dearly for it. 1 very large, organic, honeycrisp apple you ask? Try $5, for real. If you want to sum up Whole Foods, just remember it's a place where you can literally spend $5 on an apple. Also, the CEO John Mackey voted for MItt Romney (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/20/magazine/john-mackey-the-kale-king.html?_r=0), so if you think you're shopping in a mecca of neo-progressive, pre-utopian bliss, think again.  Waste of time AND money overall.
1	Food poisoning a la Tomato Bisque Soup.Forever skeptical.That's too bad, I don't mind paying extra for better produce or better brands. But, I KIND OF mind getting extremely sick, so sick that anything I ever would vouch for goes down the toilet, with my vomit.
2	Great selection of vegan, vegetarian, raw milk, prepared foods, bakery, cheeses and aged beef. Very expensive, trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare.
4	My next stop today was Whole foods to replenish my vitamins. I really hate coming here. It's always packed and people drive like humongous IDIOTS! I quickly grabbed my blood builder, biotin, and vitamin C. I tried to walk around and check out the hot foods, sushi, and anything I might like for lunch but I felt like I was at a crowded concert hall! People were bumping into me right to left! If I stopped to ponder in one spot someone was on my ass staring me down. Sooo not in the mood so I hurried up and got out. While pulling out of my parking spot two drivers who wanted my spot basically blocked me in fighting for it, and the one lady started pulling back and nearly hit my car. Oh NO WAY! I decided that my usual neighborhood store would not fail me, so to co op I drove...fast!Ha ha just looked over my review. It sounds bad but I have to give props for my vitamin selection craze!
4	I find it really easy to save money at Whole Foods. Did you know that you can stack a Whole Foods coupon with a manufacturer's coupon? If you google "Whole Foods deals," you'll find a whole slew of couponing blogs that tell you where to find the coupons. Most are available online too, so no worrying if you can find the coupon section from last month's Sunday paper.I don't find their prices that outrageous compared to other stores in the area for the things I shop for. The 365 brand is a good value and oh, do I love the bulk bins.This store barely compares to the Whole Foods in other cities, but its a start! I don't get here as often as I like since I'm in the South Hills. However, when I do go, I try to get here before 10 a.m. on a weekend to avoid the parking lot craziness.
1	everything is a cluster.  the store.  the parking lot.  the people -- customers included.  full-on cluster. barely any parking for a massive, heavily polluting pick up truck.inside: avocados are the price of gold, and there are no goddamn vegan taco spices at a place that's supposed to be so fancy.  meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!
3	I  like this Whole Foods for the most part.  Prices can be so so, but the selection for unique items is great!  However, a lot of the organic items can now be found at many Giant Eagles for much less expense.
4	Will Whole Foods Market ever replace Giant Eagle as my regular grocery store?  No way!  I'm a cheap grad student!However, I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in for the first time, out of boredom/curiosity.  I only bothered checking out the produce.  Of course, the regular prices are more expensive than geagle and probably also Trader Joe's, but not totally absurd.  For example: Whole Foods organic apples -- $1.99/lb.  Giant Eagle conventional apples -- $1.69/lb.  I'm ok with paying $0.30/lb more for those organic apples!  They also had some local conventional fruits on sale for cheap when I went.  Overall, a decent place to shop.  You can probably find at least a few things worth getting here.Update: After a few more visits, I've found that a surprising number of items are cheaper or the same price at Whole Foods compared to Giant Eagle, including: pecans, WF milk, and semi-sweet chocolate chips.
5	This place gets five stars as it really is the only place in Pittsburgh that I can get the same veggie selection that I can out in Seattle.  Without this whole foods I would be an unhappy camper...  I am specifically talking about the magic that is Field Roast vegan grain 'meat'.  Yes, it is generally more expensive but what do you expect?  They are a specialty store.  They have a great deli and an outstanding selection of baked goods.  It is an oasis for someone like me.
2	MEAN CUSTOMERS -ALOOF WORKERS+GOOD FOOD = CRAZY!Official Rant of an Angry Woman:First off - I shop at "Whole Paycheck" cause my household eats organic and whether I like it or not WF has the best organic food prices in my neck of the woods. IT'S STILL GOD DAMN RIDICULOUS EXPENSIVE but I take my family units nutrition and health seriously! WORD!!Downhill from here...THE CUSTOMERS AND PARKING LOT ARE MORE BAT SHIT CRAZY THAN MENTAL HOSPITALS I'VE WORKED AT!I have watched more rich bitch elderly women NEARLY murder pedestrians and crash into cars trying to park their Lincoln Continentals in that parking lot than I'd ever care to witness!Also - I am a mother with a young child and have been SHOVED by above mentioned rich bitches while reaching for products out of the freezer cases WITH MY CHILD IN MY ARMS! I briefly entertained SHANKING said bitch but alas prison orange is not in my color wheel!The customers are the worst human beings on earth (::thinks about self, shakes head, laughs...except me of course::). YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE SHADYSIDE HAGS! You treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt. If I worked there I would hang myself in the cheese section! The customers are the worst cross section of Pittsburghers ever!!! That said- I understand why the employees are like stunned fish - keeping things close to the vest so that RICH BITCH SHADYSIDE MONSTERS don't feast on their flesh in fits of rage!BUT I WOULD LIKE TO POINT OUT...one female cashier who shall remain nameless SHIT on me and treated me like a tree killing whore when I handed her one Internet print out coupon on a single sheet of computer paper - she ROLLED her eyes and PAINSTAKINGLY tore my coupon out of the paper and then folded the unused paper and placed it in her pocket! I am a tree hugger getting judged by a tree hugger! FUKISUMA you! I'm a mom trying to do right for my family - feed them healthy -GO TO HELL!If you see a woman and child dressed like Rambo and Baby Rambo running through WF screaming and wielding gallons of milk - it's me trying to survive another trip to WHOLE PAYCHECK HELL!
5	Yes I am a fan and yes I am Shadyside yuppie. Judge me if you want. I love everything about WF and it is my go-to grocery store. I try not to give my business to GE. WF's hot bar has fed me many many dinners, in exchange for money of course. However, that is what I call money well spent. I agree with the other reviewers that the parking lot can be a little crazy, but I live around here, and it's the norm. I am just glad that there is a huge double decker parking lot. Also, you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess. It's good for health! The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices. The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly, super helpful and happy!
3	Whole Foods isn't exactly mainstream or accessible to everyone (particularly if you don't live in a city of good size), but it at least seems pretty widely known. Considering this, I'll veer from describing their products and cut to my pros and cons.Pros:Lots of natural (and not so natural sometimes--still need to check your labels) health and beauty products in one spot.Impressive amount of otherwise hard to find items in these areas: grains, olives, cheeses, organic meat, organic produce, international dry goods, teas, non-HFCS drinks.Friendly staff who are knowledgeable, or willing to track down the right person to help if you have questions about a product.Cons:The parking lot could never be big enough. Look for the song about this on youtube; it is true of all Whole Foods.The vegetarian selection for the food bar has sunk really low in the past 6 months (fewer options, what is there sits out too long and isn't fresh, items that the do make aren't as good as items they removed from menu).The food bar is super expensive...for a food bar.Across the board, prices are too expensive for all products.As for the three star rating, no Whole Foods will ever wow me. If you are looking for a shop to be impressed with that is similar, look to the models of 17th Street Market in Tucson, AZ or Berkeley Bowl in Oakland, CA. They do basically the same stuff and more, all for a lot less money. In Tucson, I bought strictly organic groceries and you can purchase almost twice as much fresh produce for the same price. I'll use the Whole Foods because I haven't found a good alternative in Pittsburgh, but that doesn't mean I have respect for it like the other places I named.
4	What's the most dangerous area in Pittsburgh--the Hill District? Homewood? Garfield? Wrong. it's the Whole Foods parking lot. Since I drive a Mini Cooper, it's considerably easier for me to zip around and dodge the Lexus SUVs that fly at you from every angle in this jungle of a parking lot, but I'm not sure how you people with normal-sized cars do it. Compounding the problem are the abandoned shopping carts rolling about and sometimes filling the already-limited parking spaces, thanks to the shortage of shopping cart corrals. Cold and tired, I found myself seriously considering abandoning my cart when I noticed that the nearest corral was on the other side of the lot. Don't worry, I didn't succumb to the temptation, but judging by the state of the parking lot, I think I'm in the minority.If you actually make it into the store without any physical injury (you will be psychologically scarred, trust), there's definitely some good stuff to be had. As others have noted, the store is really small, causing the selection to be less than extensive. It's also too crowded. I like to spend a lot time in the grocery store checking out what's new and reading labels and such, but I feel awkward doing that when there's a swarm of soccer moms lurking over my shoulder and zigging and zagging all over the goddamn place. ANYWAY...some notes on various departments:1. The produce here immediately stands out--it looks so much more appetizing and fresh than at Giant Eagle. Even the bagged salad greens are more vibrant. Unfortunately, it's a tradeoff for the smaller selection of produce, but they have all the basics covered.2. This past trip was the first time I bought meat from Whole Foods, and the cuts were noticably neater and more consistent than at GE. Not sure if this is a regular thing, but they didn't have any filet mignon (I know, I'm high maintenance. I'M WORTH IT!).3. The cheese department! I like how GE Market District organizes their cheese a little better, but Whole Foods has a much more interesting and varied selection.5. The food bar is hit or miss. Some days it's the best thing ever, other days not so much. The sushi is gross. I always seem to forget this and try it over and over again with the same fishy, mealy results. Don't be stupid like me, avoid it.6. Market District recently got rid of a lot of their natural & organic chip selection in favor of more varities of their store brand. Thankfully, Whole Foods has everything GE used to have and more, which totally makes the extra shopping trip worth it. If you're a fat kid like me, that is...I don't come here for everything, but there are definitely some advantages here. Plus, the prices here are not THAT much worse than Market District in most cases. And I have no idea how I just wrote so much about Whole Foods?
4	I have a soft spot for Whole Foods.  I think it gets a bad rap, which I think is largely unfair.  I love food, and I know that sometimes things are legitimately "overpriced," but just because something is expensive doesn't mean it isn't worth the cost.  So I don't believe in rating Whole Foods low just because their organic produce, ethically raised meat, and super hard-to-find ethnic ingredients cost money.  Nice things cost money.This is not one of the glorious meccas - the Whole Foods in Lincoln Park in Chicago is definitely one of those - but this one is all right.  Pretty decent produce selection, and they always have some fun, mysterious finds.  I like their seasonal treats like meyer lemons, and their well-priced organic local produce throughout the summer.  Small fish and meat counter, but the quality is excellent.  My coworkers love the soups, and we all really enjoy the salad bar.  I love that I can find really unusual things here - their Asian section is small, but they always seem to have what I need.  And the prices on the Whole Foods store brand are really not that bad!  Seriously, like a can of beans will only set you back 99 cents, not that different from your Giant Eagle.  You can find affordable products here if you take the time.I wish their bulk section was bigger, and I wish they had bulk spices because those make my life amazing.  Whole Foods is like, where I want to do all my shopping when I grow up.  I hate shopping at Giant Eagle, because there's no love and respect for the product.  It's just crap, and OVERPRICED crap spilling out of the aisles, begging for your attention.  Whole Foods has a lot of specialty products, made and sold by people who love to eat, and love to cook.  There's respect for the ingredients here.  To me, that's the best sign of a good grocery store.If you don't have a lot of cash, like me, then it's good to only shop here when you need to (like for a weird cut of meat, some kind of unusual hot pepper or mushroom, flavored oil, rare cheese).  Every time you come, buy something new, just for fun.  There are so many surprises here!  I just wish it was bigger.And yes, the parking lot is small and crowded, but like - so what?  Park in the back and walk a few extra feet.  It's not a big deal.
3	Having just moved from Austin, where the original Whole Foods is located, I'm not going to actually "review" this place for its selection or quality of food. Cuz let's face it, how could I seriously compare this location to the original, gigantic, amazing, fresh, wonderful, healthy, gorgeous Whole Foods in Austin? Instead, I'll limit myself on reviewing the ever so friendly staff and parking lot. First, the employees. I've been to several Whole Foods around the country and I always got the impression that Whole Foods prides itself on customer service. Maybe this place is the exception? I was shopping here yesterday and a lady kindly asked an employee if she could squeeze in behind his veggie cart to grab something. The employee actually had the audacity to say, "When I'm done". And he did just that. He finished stocking his fruits and veggies and when he moved his cart and the lady thanked him, he didn't say a word. Also, the lady bagging my groceries didn't say one word to me. Not when I said hello. Not when I said thank you. Not even an "ok" when I said have a nice day. She didn't even smile at me! Where is the love? Actually, where are your manners?  I don't need you to love me, but don't be rude or ignore me. Second, the parking lot. I'm pretty sure this is the only Whole Foods in all of Pittsburgh. However, the parking lot seems to be built for Pittsburgh, population: 50. It's a small lot - good luck finding a spot without creepily following someone to their car and fighting an SUV for the spot. Luckily, I've never truly had a problem parking because I go at off times and park farther away. But I'm suspecting one of these days I'll come out and find my car dented or scratched. Maybe by a car, maybe by a shopping cart......maybe by the lady who was bagging my groceries yesterday....So two stars docked for the above mentioned.  Other than that, I'll keep shopping here - after all, it's not like I have another choice when it comes to the Whole Foods of PIttsburgh.
2	Oh Whole Foods, you are so so very overpriced.  I so so wish you were not, because I love the idea of the place.  But I just cannot bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here.  I can't bring myself to spend the big bucks!The place is always packed and you're usually left bumping into people left and right.  You may even get a nasty look, yikes!  The parking is atrocious, with only probably only 75 spots for a pretty popular store.  And have fun just getting into the parking lot from Centre.  Okay, I'm going to a negative place right now....I stop in here one a whim when I'm out in the area if I'm really craving sushi, because it's way better than the Giant Eagle's sushi down the street.  It's still not he best fast sushi (Giant Eagle Waterfront), but it does the job.  Again, they're almost $3 more than at GE.  When I run in to grab sushi and usually ad Odwalla by bill comes to almost $20!  I'd rather eat a fast meal at Qdoba...sorry...I said it!My feelings can best be summed up with this....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UFc1pr2yUU
1	the parking lot @ this wholefoods is an ABOMINATION!  to compound the issue, whole foods allows their purveyors to park on centre ave (a road that is already miserable enough to drive on) and block traffic. this past monday, a shearer potato chip truck was blocking the right lane. doesn't whole foods have a loading dock? i wrote an email to the district president and he had one of his store minions respond: "you can park @ walgreens". sorry, i am shopping @ wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped @ (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!
3	Short and sweet, and as a Haiku.Parking is awfulNo wine, but that's PA's faultBest organic food
4	I like this Whole Foods location. I will tell you why.Many Yelpers have docked stars for the parking lot. I think that's irrelevant. The parking lot, which is actually shared by Starbucks, Wine & Spirits, Walgreens, PNC, and more is two levels and is enormous! Walk a little. You can even take your cart up the elevator.The Pittsburgh location is not a superstore. Other Whole Foods have a restaurant, brick oven pizzas, smoothie bar, coffee bar, many more food bars, wine, beer, and so forth. This is a teeny weeny Whole Foods. For its size, the selection is pretty impressive. For example, my mom saw something on Dr. Oz called Lingonberry Jam and asked if I would look for it, and there it was. Never heard of it before, but they had it. Whole Foods has that "whole paycheck" reputation. Granted, this is true if you're spending your whole paycheck on rare, gourmet, specialty foods! If that's the case, you might want to rein in your spending a little. I actually took a notebook to Trader Joe's, Giant Eagle, and Whole Foods when I first moved to Pittsburgh to compare prices. Giant Eagle (Greenfield location) was the most expensive by an overwhelming margin! Trader Joe's was the best value overall, but Whole Foods was very close, and sometimes a little better quality might be worth it. Their 365 brand is especially reasonable for your regular grocery staples.As for the occasional splurge, this is a good place to try something different. I admit it's hard not to get something extra, but I know I can only blame that final total on myself!
2	I am a big fan of the Whole Foods company in general.  The store back home (Omaha) had a wine bar, espresso bar, gelato, sushi and udon stand, a GIANT cheese counter where you could sample...I could go on.The Pittsburgh Whole Foods is small, and almost as overcrowded as its parking lot.  Two-thirds of the time they are out of what I came for.  I'm sorry, but if I'm paying THAT much for groceries, I want a stellar shopping experience.  This WF is mediocre at best.
4	I'm in walking distance, which makes it my primary place to shop for food, and to crown myself as Le Duchess.  :-)  I also don't have to battle the SUV Soldiers looking for prime parking spots - because those people are CUT-THROAT and will most surely kill you (but seriously - they will.  I've been brushed on the leg and knee multiple times by cut-throat drivers in that parking lot.  I believe they would park INSIDE the store if they could).I don't complain about the prices, because the food, and health benefits, are worth it in the long-term.  Not so long ago, I was forking out hundreds of dollars a month in prescription medications because my diet was HORRIBLE.  Since making the decision over two years ago to be more active and eat solely organic and Non-GMO, I'm off all of my medications, and the price of organic food is NOTHING compared to medications and prescriptions.  I'm actually saving money.  And No, I don't even make $20K a year - so it's all about choices.  I'm not "rich" at all, like most people assume, since I regularly shop there.  In fact, I'm usually dead broke.  But to me, eating whole and healthy and protecting my body is not a luxury, it's a necessity.I also like that there is no pharmacy in Whole Foods.  That should say something.My love for Whole Foods resides in the Organic Salad Bar, and Prepared Foods section.  Their salad bar is so fresh and so delicious, that eating salads anywhere else becomes TASTELESS.  Organic makes all the difference.My favorite Prepared Foods is their Vegan General Tso's "chicken".  Little popcorn nuggets of Seitan, drenched in the best General Tso's sauce I've ever tasted, with steamed broccoli.  Molly's Sesame Noodles on the salad bar is our favorite side dish to this prepared foods treat.  I swear we eat it at least once a week.We also love their Bulk Section where we can get bulk quinoa, granola, lentils, and all kinds of things for a really decent price.  The secret to shopping at Whole Foods?   BUY WHAT YOU NEED TO EAT THAT DAY.  It's not smart to bulk shop organic produce, because it goes bad faster.  Buy what you KNOW you're going to eat.  You won't see 10/$10 deals, because the food isn't crap, and you're not supposed to stockpile fresh foods.  You're supposed to eat it when it's fresh.  And buy your dry stock at Trader Joe's or the East End Food Co-Op.I love Whole Foods.  It's the reason we chose to move to ShadySide.
4	Parking is tough, the food selection is great, and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you.
1	I have tried Whole Foods recently even after hearing about the attitude of the butthole, hipster employees and presumptuous, anti-bourgeois customers that will literally push you aside a turn their noses up at you a million times. The rumors were true!!! Even though I was only there one time, first impressions are a bitch! The selection is great! I can't afford any of it, but it's great! I have never seen such expensive rice! Here is the bro-down...The food: Plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying. The freshest fish that isn't in the Strip...but you need to take a second mortgage to buy fish for a family. I bought sushi rice, a piece of fish and a salad, my bill: $25! The salad with lettuce, carrots, chick peas, onions and about 5 pieces of chicken was $11+The employees: Hipsters with thick-rimmed glasses, tattoos and facial piercings that slack like I have never seen "workers" slack before. In fact there was a sign above some fresh fish stating "We will prepare you fish any way you want, just ask" HA...HA! When I asked to have a tiny fish to be filleted (something that would take me about 10 seconds at home) I was scoffed at by the so called fish monger who was obviously not a trained fish monger, but got his job because of his Progressive music of the soviet era bachelors degree . It took him the better part of 20 minutes to fillet a f-ing fish! All I got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless. And scoffing is what these people are good at. Pushing your cart down the aisles is like running a scoffing gauntlet. Staff huff and puff when you get in their way?! The cashiers just stand and talk to each other or run to get organic iced tea to drink WHILE they ring you up...they don't even do that at Giant Eagle!The other customers: This one is a peach! If you're not pulling in a good $60K a year you are dirt to these people. I was at the salad bar (it is a good salad bar, but expensive) an older woman in a mink coat bumped, no, pushed into me then stared at me and turned her nose up at me, can you believe it? She actually turned her nose up at me! Others in the aisles will grunt like cantankerous old people if they can't get through. They push ahead in line, give you dirty looks, and act like it's a class struggle...it kind of is!So unless you have a lot (i mean A LOT) of disposable income, have never needed to use coupons, drive a $50K car (parking is terrible there), are the president of the United States, CEO of Microsoft, a widow whose wardrobe is more extensive than the explanation of the formula explaining an event horizon or a hipster who looks poor, but lives off daddy and mommy (though they'll never admit it) you shouldn't and really won't be able to afford this place...but why would you want to?I'll stick with Trader Joe's for my alternative market, thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight, I can see their junk.
4	I love the large selection and variety of unique and healthier food that Whole Foods provides.  The amount of different nut mixes and flax-like snacks amazes me.  Not to mention, the amount of fresh prepared foods that can be gathered is awesome.  They have specials for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared foods they provide.  I cannot wait to come by again when I know I am going straight home after so I can buy some refrigerated items!
1	I always thought 1-star reviews on Yelp were written by bitter, resentful people who had nothing better to do than just complain. But now I feel their pain. It really doesn't hit you, until it... hits you.You pay a premium at WF, you expect a premium, right? Well parking is part of the shopping experience. It's why they have parking lots in the first place. But never mind the atrocious parking lot and not being able to easily maneuver in it.I'm talking about being TOWED. Towed, not for leaving the parking lot, but for legitimately shopping at WF. Yes, this could happen to you too.Upon contacting the towing company, they demanded $135 (cash only) to return my vehicle. Upon contacting WF (since I was a legitimate shopper there and didn't leave the lot) they just shrugged their shoulders and just told me the name of the company that managed the lot.And that's it?! $135 is no chump change, but it seems like WF wants me to carry an extra $135 every time I frequent them (thankfully, never, since I don't live in Pittsburgh). This whole parking/towing situation is extremely shady, but the only company I'm going to point my finger at is Whole Foods for doing business with such a shady complex and passing the burden on to its customers.Tip: Bring an extra $135 to pay for parking, or just go to Trader Joe's/Giant Eagle for a better parking/shopping experience.
3	I love the concept of Whole Foods, but as everyone knows it's pretty pricy.  Hence it's nickname, "Whole Paycheck."  Nevertheless, always great organic produce.  The seafood and meat here are also the best.  However, this place is always packed.  Be prepared to be bumping into people and feel a little claustrophobic.  The parking lot can be quite tricky as well, as it can become completely full.  They really need to add another location in the City of Pittsburgh to take some stress off of this one.
4	This review is for the buffet at Whole Foods. Overall, it is good, and there are lots of great options. The food seems fresh and it is a good place to get a quick, healthy lunch on-the-go. I went with a friend and we spent a little over $20 on lunch for the 2 of us, which seems a little high for what it is, but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99/lb is fair. Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food.
5	Forget you Giant Eagle, Giggle, Market Crap etc.  Whole foods gets a bad rap as being "expensive" and yes I agree there are some very ridiculously expensive things in there, but this is where you IGNORE them and get your basic essentials.  They are always running specials, and you can get some good deals.  If you actually try to price compare between GE and whole foods, you'll find that whole foods is actually cheaper, and the only reason you don't shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you'll spend your "whole paycheck" there.  What crap.  Write a list, prioritize and buy the things that are sale.  Whole foods has a much better selection (freshness wise) in produce, meats, and cheese across the board.  Yes you can find some great stuff in the strip, but you will also find some reasonable items here.  Over the summer I went on a scavenger hunt for clams, Wholeys/GE were both gross and overpriced! Whole foods has fresh clams and they were much cheaper than the other two locations!  Try it out, you won't be sorry.
2	I'll be honest, I just don't get it.  When it comes to eating I do not adhere to any particular mantra or dietary restriction like vegan, organic, vegetarian, ethical, etc.  If it's edible and it's within my palate's liking range then I eat it.From that perspective this place just gets two stars.  Some items were higher priced but the value added (from organic to vegan certified) would I guess justify it if you had to have it.  But the items that do no fall under any of those premium-restriction value types are still just as highly priced.  So it feels like 90% of their inventory is priced at a whole-store experience premium.Their prepared meals section was marvelous, and their cut fruit section was like I had died and gone to heaven.  But that's about the only two sections I probably would have been willing to open up my wallet.
5	Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh
3	NO WI-FI.  Just FYI.  When I lived in Cleveland and my first (truly terrible) apartment had no wi-fi Whole Foods was my second home...I would buy a little sampler of buffet foods and salads, a coffee, maybe a vegan cookie, and park myself at a booth for an hour (or more, let's be real).  After I taught a yoga class.  I know, I know, I'm such a white liberal yuppie, it's painful.Anyway, so when the internet went out at my Pittsburgh home I trotted off to Whole Foods, bought some food and a coffee...and asked about the wi-fi.  "We have it," said Cashier #1.  "It's probably just under "Whole Foods.""  "We have it," said Cashier #2, "but I don't know the password - ask customer service."  "We don't have it," said Customer Service, "go to Starbucks."Believe it or not, Starbucks is letting me drink my coffee & eat my vegan cookie and didn't make me buy anything.NO WI-FI.  Otherwise, this Whole Foods is pretty good.
5	I love shopping here. The staff is really nice, no attitudes. Even the other shoppers are kind. It's always nice. Thanks to everyone for making Whole Foods a nice shopping experience.
1	I loved it, parking and all, after all, they had Palak Paneer! Mmmmm. It was tasty. I spent a lot, but I was ok with the occasional splurge. the second trip, i again bought my hit foods Palak Paneer and it had obviously gone over. Ever have whoopsies after green Indian cuisine?It's off my list now. Forever.
4	I wish there was a Whole Foods close to my house. My wife is addicted to the freshly ground peanut butter from here, so I have to make a monthly trip to replenish her stock.The meat, seafood and vegetables always look fresh and last a whole lot longer than the stuff from Trader Joes or Market District. Plus you don't have to look at the label for any of the ingredients cause you know the food does not have corn syrup or a derivative of it. While my shopping at Whole Foods mainly extends to meats, seafood, vegetables/fruit and milk/eggs, I sometimes crave their assortment of cheese and I'm a big fan of the bakery section. They do custom orders (I think) with names etc. for birthdays/Valentines Day.  Tip: You get 2 dozen red roses for Valentines Day for 20 bucks. Now that's a steal!This is a small store compared to what I have been used to. The parking lot sucks considering the traffic it gets (there is a salon in the same lot so that adds to the mess during weekends). Prices are higher than other places since the food is organic but you get what you pay for: fresh, long lasting food. Again you have to use your discretion as to how organic you want to be.If the store were bigger, had a bigger parking lot and a bigger bakery section, I would give it 5 stars. The layout is good and staff is always helpful.
3	This store is great - it's got all of the fresh specialty items we need for cooking great weekend meals for friends, but isn't a vast, overpowering warehouse. Items are well organized, and easy to find. As others' state, it ain't cheap! One way we lowered our Whole Foods bill was to go for their 365 in-house brand, which is typically priced at the same pricepoint as similar items in the regular chain grocery stores. We don't use Whole Foods for all of our supermarket needs, just the specialty items, great produce, and seafood.I docked two stars for absolutely terrible parking - yep. I know that's harsh, but every time we come here, we need to factor in another 10-15 minutes to get a parking spot and be able to leave safely (there are always cars behind us looking for a spot when we are trying to leave, and so we often can't just pull out of the space and leave quickly...) Even being careful, we have almost been hit multiple times by people losing their cool with the terrible parking.That being said, we will continue to come here to stock our home when we plan to entertain at home.
2	I think Whole Foods and Giant Eagle Market District are competing for the title of most annoying place to shop. It all starts with the parking experience, which is ridiculously horrible at this location - very poorly planned. And then, there's the prices - Giant Eagle being quite expensive compared to similar grocers in other cities, Whole Foods obviously has to get a one up on those; it's inherent in the scheme of selling premium "natural" goods. Whole Foods does have better lighting and layout than GE, and yes, a more discriminative selection of products, especially for people with specialized diets, like vegans (me) and gluten free adherents. The house baked bread here might be worse than GE (tough contest) - often under baked and thus soggy in middle and crusts tend to fall off; making gluten free-dom seem appealing. And I don't even need to talk about customer demographics, because you've all seen Rachel C.'s link!
4	Good selection compared to how pathetically limited it is at Trader Joes. Prices aside, honestly if you come here to get groceries, what else did you expect, it's a nice place for groceries. Same cannot be said about parking in front of the store. Unless its past 8pm, the lot is always crowded.  Also not helping is people taking up one and half spots.
3	This store is pretty good. Yes it is fairly expensive but you can get quite a few items that are difficult if not impossible to find at other stores. They have a nice meat department with quite a few good naturally raised products, particularly beef. We've been very happy with their produce, which we find noticeably better than Trader Joe.I wish it was bigger so there was a larger selection and a larger prepared food selection (we are used to the larger stores in Chicago). Also wish there was a liquor department but I'll probably have to run for state office for that. Frankly the worst part is often parking. Don't know what causes everyone to behave badly in their lot (myself included) but man it can be a mess. Anyway we'll keep going at least for meats and produce.
5	Whole foods!! What a great idea. Foods that are natural and organic and wholesome to bet. This store offers a lot of brands and varieties of food. More than the national brands. I love how when you first walk in the store, your automatically thrown into the produce section no questioned asked. The store is practically laid out to help you make the best food purchasing options available.They have more organic foods than any other store i've seen. Everything looks so fresh and plentiful. They also have conventional (non-organic) items that are usually shipped locally and not from across the country. Tons of options from Bok Choy to avocados to seasonal fruits. They have a fresh seafood counter and a meat counter with ratings on the meat from one to five. There is also a deli counter with fresh pasta salads and side dishes made in store. I recently started a gluten free diet and this store meets all my needs from bread, buns, cereal, crackers, basically all the common wheat products. I've substituted out a lot of wheat products like flour and instead use rice flour, regular milk for almond milk, things like that.My favorite part of the store is there hot foods and salad bar. They make all their dishes in the store and sell them for $8.49lb. The hot dishes are amazingly good. The last time i went i had green beans with red peppers, cajun sweet potato wedges, sauteed mushrooms, curry tofu and purple cabbage. Man was it delicious!!!! Plus the salad bar has over 40 options to put on top of the salad!. With so many choices including the bakery, how can you miss out on this great place. It caters to average diets and changing diets too!!!
5	Not counting price I like this store and the service. My favorite, a fellow I call Scotsman the meat counter man. I don't know if this gentleman is from Scotland or not, but his language reminds me of one I know. But the key distinguishing factor for him is his superb service and great attitude. He is just  short of your personal butcher. He takes his time with you, and he does not rush you on. Listens, gives advice and is extremely helpful. When necessary he will look in the back to satisfy your request . He alone could keep me coming back. Oh, and also the meat counter is excellent overall. Great selection,  and good cuts.What else, well the cheese section is outstanding, the prepared foods are plentiful and tasty. I like the baked goods also. Another nice feature is you can eat right there, which I do sometimes so I don't food shop when starving, which always costs me more somehow.
4	The produce here is always fresh, the cookies by the pound are delicious (especially the caramel wafers!) and they are a much more comprehensive grocery store when compared to Trader Joe's. I would avoid going here in the afternoon on weekends though...too crowded.
4	This is a very well stocked Whole Foods in Pittsburgh. I am quite fond of their vitamin and natural beauty section, it's not something you'll find in every grocery store. Their prices on Garden of Life vitamins are the best I've found in the city.You walk in to their lovely produce section. I really like the way the fruits and veggies are stacked, it's different. The staff is super helpful and will walk around the store to find the answer to your questions.We often find ourselves there at lunch time visiting their hot foods and salad bar. The prices are fair for high quality foods.The one awful thing about this location is the parking lot. There is not enough spots close to the building, and no one wants to walk all the way from the garage when there's nowhere to put your cart after you load your things! And the drivers! Oh, the other drivers. They will wait f-o-r-e-v-e-r for someone to vacate their spot. No matter that they're stopping traffic out on the road! I always have to psyche myself up to go there and deal with the parking situation.But when I go, it's well worth it.
4	Just wanted to write a review based on my experience today.Everything I went for was in stock today (which doesn't always happen). The place was crowded, as usual, but the line went fairly quickly. On my way in, I saw a $5 fish sandwich with creamy coleslaw advertised outside. Three guys were there cooking. Looked and smelled delicious, so I paid inside with my groceries. When I came out, I told the guys I bought one. They were really nice and asked me what kind of bread I wanted and what I wanted on the sandwich.Some lady that was "in a rush" was upset her sandwich wasn't ready when she came out (but they explained the fish was cooked, but they couldn't set up the sandwich without knowing what bread or toppings she wanted). Just watching the way they dealt with this customer was great for me. The guys were so friendly and patient.Also, the sandwich was delicious! The coleslaw was also awesome! Yay! I am so happy I stopped by when I did.
3	I love everything that Whole Foods offers, but I can't stand the experience of going there. The parking lot is a mess of aggressive drivers acting like the extra 50 feet of walking will negatively affect the environment more than their driving around the parking lot until a better space opens up. Once you get a space and finally get inside, the experience mirrors that of the parking lot. Everyone is in each others' way and trying to be the first one to find the best organic orange or grab the last package vegan general tso's in the store.To be fair, though, the experience is still 100 times better than going to the Market District a few blocks down the same street. Similar in-store and in-lot experience, but with a better and higher-quality selection. The staff is always really nice and super helpful, and their trays of fruit and veggies are excellent. We've ordered them countless times for parties and have never been let down. Pricey, but excellent quality. The prepared foods are delicious, and their prepackaged prepared foods are also really good...but like nearly everything else in Whole Foods, a little pricey. For example, their yummy tomato bisque is $7. Hardly cheap enough for a quick lunch, but it is yummy. Their baked goods are delicious as well. We're constantly picking up bread from there (and the occasional doughnut), and we're never disappointed.Their meats and seafoods departments are also excellent. They have a great variety and are always helpful in answering any questions that I've had (although we still opt for our meats from DJ's). Of course, if you're at Whole Foods your'e likely there for the organic options, and as to be expected, you're not going to find a better selection anywhere else. More unique, perhaps, but their inventory just won't be matched any time soon for those foods. Surprisingly, third-party & prepackaged pricing is actually on-par with Giant Eagle, so whenever we're looking for those types of items (milk/eggs/pastas, etc.), we always opt for Whole Foods.
4	Ok, the parking at this Whole Foods is an absolute cluster. It is not uncommon to pass fender benders in the parking lot on a Saturday. My suggestion is park closer to the CVS and avoid the abominable parking and terrible driving.It's generally extremely crowded on the weekends, espeically in the afternoons, so if you need to grocery shop on a weekend afternoon, make sure you have a list and start in the back. You will thank me later.Though this location is small, it is always well-stocked, and the staff, though some are aloof and pretentious (even though they are working for corporate America-hello), most are helpful.I love the prepared foods and salad bar. It's a great option for those nights when you just don't feel like cooking. There are $6, $8, and $10 meal options, and all come with two sides. There is also a large selection of dips, spreads, and large take-away sides as well. I think their prepared foods are worth every penny, and if you don't load up your salad with heavy items, you can easily get a dinner-sized salad with a little meat or egg for $8 or $9.Some of my favorite items at this location include the fresh fruit packaged in containers. It's super expensive, but always fresh and delicious, and I love treating myself to it, especially during the summer. I also love the fish selection-it's pretty extensive, and you can always find fresh harder to find items such as red snapper.The raw nut offerings are extensive as well, as is the chocolate...My favorite thing to buy at this WF is coffee. They have a huge selection of Allegro beans, as well as local offerings such as La Prima. Try the La Prima Peruvian blend or the Allegro Malawi blend. Amazing.
3	I have only come to this Whole Foods a couple times since moving to Pittsburgh in 2010. However, now that I have discovered that I have some food allergies, I may be coming here more often!PROS: High quality, unique products, especially for those with particular dietary restrictionsCONS: Terrible parking lot, crowded store, high pricesPersonally, I buy specialty items but wouldn't purchase all my groceries from here. I can't yet afford that luxury!
5	This is where we do all of our grocery shopping. The parking lot does suck so I avoid it and park by Walgreens or up on the top lot. The produce is always great. Seafood is delicious. Best meat in the city- we especially love the made in store sausages. I love the specialty department and they will let you try the cheese before you buy and everyone is so helpful. We eat from the prepared food department more than I'd like but it is better then ordering take out or chipotle for the second time in one week. Salad bar is good- though watch out for undercooked veggies- raw beets on a salad one too many times and now I avoid them completely. Bakery department is beautiful and when I ordered a sheet cake for a wedding shower everyone raved about it. Floral department will help you put together a beautiful arrangement. Whole body wants all of my money- I try to avoid this department to be honest because I lack self control and always over spend. Check out can be a hassle if it's really busy but the cashiers are nice and check out pretty quickly. A recent development at this store is the person waiting outside to help you to your car. I don't need help so it's a little weird but I'm sure people with kids love it.
3	Ok, so this is my first visit to Whole Foods...ever.  And now I know why it has taken me so long.  Much like the parking lot, the inside of the store is just as congested.I came here with only two things in mind that I needed, I went to the aisles I assumed they would have been in and we all know the saying there.  For as small as the store is you would have thought I would have bumped into a staff member.  I was again wrong there.  I scanned and scanned and scanned the aisles until I found the two items I needed, and wouldn't you know right after I did, I came across a staff member.  After being run over by a stroller on my way to the registers, I was happy to head back out and fight the congestion in the parking lot.
4	I've been to a many different Whole Foods, this one is a little small, but nice.Pro-Very nice hot & cold bar-Nice eatery-Large selection of fresh breads & desserts-Very nice produce, meat, coffee & grocery selectionCons-Small, so very crowded-Not a large bulk section, no flour, spices or sugar-No wok or burrito bar-Carts are outside
3	I shop at Whole Paycheck from time to time, but I find them much too expensive for everyday groceries.  If I want to splurge once in a while, or buy something to take to a party, it's definitely the place to go.  The cheese counter is extensive, but I don't like that they pre-cut their cheeses, I much prefer the way Penn Mac handles their cheeses and does not cut until you order.  Whole Foods will gladly do the same, so make sure you request that.  I love the produce and the prepared foods.  I just wish they would give us a break on the prices.
5	All that I can say is WOWSA!!!!!!!!! This review is long overdue! I will state it outright that I'm very particular about my food, and I've been known to stomp my food like a brat when my heart's set on that vegan tofu burrito from the fresh pack section and it's not available. A few months ago, when this happened, I sulked at the Prepared Foods counter, and Bethany, prepared foods customer service extraordinaire, flew to my rescue. She suggested the vegan BLT. I was hesitant, as I wanted something hearty and filling, and let me tell you this!... The sandwich totally did her smile and sales pitch justice. It pleased me like no other sandwich has ever done. I want to compliment every sandwich maker in that department, specifically Bethany, Eric, and Rick. They know when I walk in their direction from the Fresh Pack section that I'm looking for my second option of the BLT because the burrito isn't available. No matter how bananas and certifiably insane I might seem during my food shopping excursions, they always treat me with such dignity and respect.Months have passed since my first BLT experience, and I was completely taken for another ride through satisfaction land during this past week when they offered to notify me "the night before when the vegan tofu burritos are being made" because they know how much I have my heart set on that beautiful meal on most days of the week. I can't say enough for Bethany and her team of prepared foods colleagues. And everyone else at the store is so helpful and nice, too! So kind! So informative! I love Whole Foods Market of Pittsburgh! AND, for icing on the review cake, they've even begun to carry Brad's Raw Pizza Kale Chips for dogs. So my dog is satisfied, too. And it's her opinion that ultimately matters. ;) Five stars! Thank you!!!!!!!!!
3	So..... when I think about shopping at Whole Foods, I always create an alternate universe where I think I would be able to shop here. I think: if I made at least twice the amount of money I currently do, I would be able to be a member of the club and shop here. .... but I don't. Thus, I only stop in here on very special occasions when I 1. can withstand the rage I feel when I pull into this parking lot; and 2. I want to either eat at the buffet or buy a very specific item. I would definitely recommend that others stop in sometime to get some food at the buffet. The quality of everything is pretty incredible (though of course it's typically really expensive).
4	I love Whole Foods, and I have been a fan for a few years now. I've visited Whole Foods locations around the country, but this Pittsburgh location is one of my favorites. It's a small store, but it feels homey and comfortable.Staff: Most of the staff members are super friendly and willing to do just about anything to help you find what you are looking for. I had one staff member begrudgingly help me out, but I assumed he was having a bad day or was very busy. Either way, it's nice to treat others with respect. The cashiers here are so fantastic. They are never rushing and throwing food into bags. They take their time, ask you questions and treat you like a person instead of another number in a long line. Deli/Made-To-Order: The deli and made-to-order foods are currently my favorite. Sometimes I would rather spend $20 on lunch here with my boyfriend than go to a restaurant or get fast food. My favorite is the vegan chicken salad on foccacia bread. I adore this bread. It's just the right texture, it's nice and herby and deliciously buttery. Topped with swiss or muenster, it's a super delish sandwich. If I am extra peckish, I get extra veg. chicken salad. Yum yum yum! The tomato bisque they have is something I newly tried. I'm very picky about my tomatoes and tomato products. This soup delivers. I wish I could have it every single day. It's so phenomenal! My boyfriend got it today alongside a cheddar biscuit that paired beautifully with the soup. Cheeses: If you want fancy gourmet cheeses, the Whole Foods deli counter might be the best choice. We purchased a small amount of Midnight Moon Goat Cheese Gouda and made the most expensively delicious grilled cheese sandwich. We're grown-ups now, say goodbye to gross American cheeses! The cheese counter is so great because all of the cheeses are labeled with the kind of rennet used in the processing. You can easily find a high-quality vegetarian cheese with just a glance. The cheese experts are also willing to talk cheese to you for as long as you like. Store Selection: Overall the store has great options, but they don't carry everything that I wish they did. Unfortunately, they discontinued one of my favorite products - Field Roast Deli Slices. They bring in new and trendy foodstuffs though, so it's enough to keep me happy. Whole Foods can be pretty expensive, but if you don't fall for the tempting packaged foods, you can get away with a reasonable grocery bill! I primarily shop here for special items though. P.S. Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable. If you have sensitive skin or don't want your products tested on animals, go here!
4	This Whole Foods is an amazing store and is the only one in the area besides out in the suburbs. The store is perfect, but I take away 1 star for the parking lot... it sucks (although I believe plans for improvements are in the works)
3	My expectations for Whole Foods Market had been established as was growing up in the DMV (D.C., MD, VA) area. Thus, very fresh produce, high-quality meats, diverse cheeses, expansive bulk section, novel food items, exceptional food bars, and excellent customer service were essentially a given. On the other hand, I also expected parking difficulties, even at stores with multi-story garages.The Whole Foods Market in Pittsburgh is not much different from those in the DMV area. However, the parking is horrendous! Really, a medium-size private parking lot for the only Whole Foods Market in the Pittsburgh area right along a congested major road? Let me say that Whole Foods Markets in D.C. are also close to major roads, but they at least have underground or aboveground garages and fairly decent road infrastructure to accommodate for the influx and outflux of shoppers. I would love if the Pittsburgh store can build a garage of some sort (I'm not counting the garage next to the Starbucks and Walgreens) with smooth entry and exit so as to prevent a mini-gridlock along Centre Avenue.Parking situation aside, the Pittsburgh store does live up to my expectations established from the DMV stores. You will rarely find a bad apple (no pun intended), and the store usually keeps shelves stocked (except when there is a major sale or promotion going on). Now, if only its prices and my budget could meet halfway so I could frequent this store more--via bike or my own two feet.
3	I seriously don't know where to begin. Oh yes, I shall start. Ladies, DO NOT ever go there hungry, or on your period that has your horns out due to the most beautiful thing we get "cramps". First off the parking will make you want to rip your steering wheel apart, and throw it at the person ahead of you that got the last parking space. Parking is MADNESS!!Then after you find a parking spot from doing bumper cars with other non-driving asses. Here comes another traffic jam (carts, and people). The space in there is one big box. Geez Louise. I cringe when I have to go there to get an item that only WF carries. But I like how they trap me with their delicious fruit and vegetable display as soon as you walk in. It's a war zone in that area. I can understand organic being more expensive than conventional, but why oh why is their conventional JUST AS expensive as their organic? REALLY?!?! So every time they get me with their fruits, veggies, and the only place that I have found to sell skinless drumsticks, along with 2 or 3 more items. My bill is ALWAYS 90.00!! OMG!! I only got 1 bag of groceries!! The fruit that sells by the pound be like 8 to 9 dollars. I just can't. On a more positive note. The employees. They have always been so great to me. Always greet me with a smile, and if I have an item that has a coupon, they go out of their way to get the coupon so I can save (lol at save) oh my haha. But yeah, the employees must be getting paid good, because they smile, and always happy to help me.
3	I will start by saying this review is for the hot bar and I must of gone at an off hour for the hot bar and by that I mean during the dinner rush before they replenished it. I would say everything I got from the salad bar to the hot bar was good apart from they had run out of soup/special of the day and the chicken was beyond dry, the time I spent in the dessert was a wet oasis compared to the chicken. I just feel that for the price I paid it was not worth it. I have been to a smaller whole foods with a better hot bar and to the one in New York City and remember it being great. I only give this one 3 stars because the Mac n cheese and vegan tofu loaf was rather good. But I must repeat myself about the price. For what I got it's way to much. It's hard to justify paying that much when I could make it for 1/5th the price at home. Now I know I don't have to cook or clean and that's the point of eating out but I could also go to trader joes get a few frozen meals and eat for over a day for the price of one hot bar meal from whole foods.
3	I know what Whole Foods has done for the area and for that I'm forever grateful.  They came into a dicey neighborhood and brought their awesome healthy food and fun staff and East Liberty blossomed around it.  But that parking lot.  Good Lord it's like playing bumper cars.  And from the YouTube video where the guy sings, "It's getting real in the Whole Foods parking lot" I realize that Pittsburgh's Whole Foods is not special - this is a common problem.  Small spaces, not enough parking, too many people driving through fighting for a spot, yeah, it's a mess.It's almost always crazy busy in here.  I believe I'd come more often if the shopping experience was calmer.  But because of the insanity of the parking lot and the hectic shopping (people everywhere bumping into each other)  that takes place inside, I truly limit my shopping here.  To like once a year. But when I do venture in I think they have a fab hot food section and great sushi.  Some pretty tasty baked goods as well.
4	Yes, the parking lot in crazy. Yes, the prices are outrageously high (it's not called Whole Paychecks for nuthin'). Yes, the store is small and usually crowded and the majority of the people who shop who here completely unaware they are NOT the only people on the planet. All those things aside, I love Whole Foods. Most of the issues can be handled by slight changes in habit. For instance, park farther away instead of circling the GD parking lot for the closest spot!!! I get so sick of people complaining about that damn parking lot when all you have to do is park by Walgreens and walk. Seriously, the walk won't kill most of us. Stop being lazy. (Sorry, for the tirade; that's a pet peeve of mine). The produce is fantastic, always. And not just the organic stuff either. The regular pesticide-laden produce is great. The quality of the meat department is second to none. Now, the bakery is a little 'Eh' for me. The muffins and cookies and cakes always look De-Lish!, but they aren't. Usually to dry or dense or flavorless. It really doesn't matter because the star of the show is...The HOT FOODS BAR. The quality and taste of most of the hot foods/prepared foods bar is unbeatable. I lovelvoelove the breakfast bar. My dream weekend starts with waking up and taking a nice long walk, stopping for coffee then heading on to WF to pick up Eggs Rancheros Burritos and Sausage patties from the breakfast bar. I may get creamed by a bus the second I leave, but I will die happy. Some of my other favorites are a Vegan General Tso's "chicken" that has the BEST real chicken texture. It's really good! The mozzarella pasta salad, Sicilian cauliflower and the egg rolls which are seasonal. Don't forget to check out the packaged hot foods across from the salad bar; same stuff but pre-packaged. As a note though, the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good. Bland with a capital B! In general the soups are hit or miss, but a real hit is the triple squash or Butternut squash, something like that. It's next to sushi. It's very good
4	I don't shop at Whole Foods that often since it isn't that close to me. There's a Shop n Save a block from my house, so I buy most of my food there.One thing about Whole Foods is they specialize in fresh fruits and vegetables.  Their produce is definitely impressive. All of the oranges, lettuce, berries and bananas peppers are perfectly ripe.  They never have spoiled or bad fruit.The pastry section is definitely worth checking out.  They have fruit tarts and a lot of different flavored cheesecakes and cannolis.Whole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle.
4	As a vegan (since 2008) we are a regular at whole foods. It's convenient since we live in Lawrenceville. My one and biggest complaint is that they need to carry more (if not all) organic produce. Not this "conventional" garbage. Other than that they have a huge variety of products and grocery items to choose from. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
3	I have such mixed emotions about whole foods. I first visited whole foods in February of this year.. In my opinion, it is a little overwhelming at first and here's why. Like most People in the US, I was brought up on all of the "typical" mainstream American food brands. So when I walked into this place and barely recognized any brands, it was slightly overwhelming. It took a little research and I still do some research on some products before making a trip. I recommend going online and checking their coupons before making a trip - I tried a bunch of new products that way. I have also googled "best snacks at whole foods" to get some more ideas of what to try. Now here's the sucky part- overall, whole foods is pretty overpriced. BUT I will say that it is not ENTIRELY their fault. They sell higher quality products than your average grocery store. Mostly all of their products are made with the best ingredients and are often organic and gmo free. They are vegan and vegetarian friendly and have tons of options for people with allergies. If companies are spending more money on better ingredients , they are going to have to sell their products for a higher price. Having said that, tazo tea for $4 a box is not a sale. I went a couple weeks ago and saw the sale price advertised, did a quick google search and realized target sells their tazo tea for $3.50 NOT on sale. Needless to say I took the trip down the street and saved myself some money for the tea. I also recently wanted to purchase kale chips that I heard so much about (brand is called brad's raw and the flavor was vampire killer)... Until I realized they were $9 for 2 oz ! You can get fresh kale for less than half the cost! Although whole foods can be expensive they aren't ALWAYS that bad. My favorite yogurt, wallaby organic yogurt, is sold here. On a normal day, it cost $1 each. A couple days ago, they were 89 cents each- not bad for organic yogurt. They also have an amazing selection of uniquely flavored chocolates and they are pretty reasonably priced. Justin's organic peanut butter cups are incredible! The customer service has  always been awesome in this particular location. I hear that whole foods is very willing to take back anything that you don't enjoy , as long as you have your receipt. as other yelpers have said- the parking sucks in this location, it's a nightmare. So keep that in mind before you visit. Overall, when I want to treat myself a little, I come to whole foods.
5	Alright, so I braved this place yesterday (new years eve) and it was totally insane. There was honking, some road rage and confusion. But I will say that I should have known better coming into a grocery store before a major partying holiday.  Anyway, in terms of produce this place is awesome. I got my meat and bacon from this joint and have not been disappointed. I also love their premade hamburgers. They are delish. This is also a great place to find a great assortment of cheeses and grass fed butter ( I go for the kerry gold products, they are just awesome).  Also if you are grilling and dont want to cook too many sides, you can pick up some of their sides from their deli section. I haven't had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container.  This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds, chia seeds, and other natural dietary supplements... just beware they are not cheap. Overall, whole foods is not cheap, but if you want quality this is the place to go. Just dont go here on New Year's Eve or Christmas Eve... you'll end up ripping your hair out!!
4	I love going here, if you shop smart it really isn't your whole paycheck and is less expensive than other options in the area (Market District I'm looking at you). I only buy the store brand unless I need something special for a recipe, and my bill is consistently less than anything I bought at Market District. The quality of the produce and the meat cannot be matched anywhere in the city, unless you go down to the Strip. But hands down my favorite thing about going here are the employees. If you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of Whole Foods you'll understand why everyone seems so happy to be working. I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile, and I love that they are willing to let you try a new product before committing to the whole purchase.
