5	authentic south indian restaurant.
2	This is probably the only south indian restaurant in this part of town (all the good ones are in Chandler and Tempe). With that in mind the food is ok, it is good enough if you are craving for your south indian fix but are far away from Cafe Krishna or Udupi. The service is terrible. We had to move our seats but our food didnt follow us to our table till we reminded them, when we asked for our drinks we were told quite curtly that they are 'being made' only to be told 5 minutes later that they are not available! The person serving us seemed very uninterested and was very crude in the way he handed us the menus or cutlery. I give it less stars simply for the service which i feel should be non negotiable in a business like food.
4	My Indian co-workers and friends swore by this place, and it really is pretty good. I should educate myself on the varieties of food served, but the things that resembled crepes were really good. And that stuff that looks like spinach. Oh, and the spicy potatoes. It was a very filling and delicious lunch!Anyway, between this and Udupi Cafe (don't let my ignorance of the names of the cuisine convince you that I don't know what I like. I just don't know what to call it), I think Udupi serves up the hotter and spicier entrees, while this one served dishes I hadn't experienced before.I'd return, and next time will probably take notes. Or pictures. Or something.
4	Very tasty 'south indian' food like dosa, vada, idly etc. I go often when looking for a filling n quick meal to this restaurant! This place is not like the usual Indian cuisine restaurants because south indian food is much different than the rest.  Well, I hear people getting disappointed with their service and will not totally disagree. This place got operational very recently and the staff is kind of learning on the go. I have personally never had issues with their service, though. The good: awesome 'south indian' food, thats what this place is for, I won't order north indian dishes here. Although their sunday buffet that comprises both is pretty good. Reasonably priced, great variety of dosa, mysore masala is very nice, very clean place and polite staff. The average: service, desserts ain't tasty (have tried almost all). Also, they stick to their menu so wanting to customise too much(like creating combos, increase two vada to 3 pieces) is not gonna happen n then people complain, better to not ask for such variations. Go here to enjoy their specialty cuisine, good flavorful food; not for a lavish service or party type peppy ambience.
3	The restaurant is quite nice and clean. The buffet is very very sparse. The dosas was OK, the masala filling (potato bhaji) was very little. There were 3 vege dishes for the lunch buffet along with papaddum, coconut mint chatni, rassum, sambar, rice, gulab jamuns, water mellon, salad. That was about $9. I felt the price is on the higher end for the food, especially a buffet with 3 veges.
5	Went there for the lunch buffet (so I can't comment on the dinner menu), but the food was excellent -- fabulous (all-you-can-eat) Masala Dosais, and wonderful coconut chutney and sambhar! Definitely will be back!
5	My partner and I love Indian food, and have eaten at Indian restaurants across the USA and in Europe.  This one is special.  It's SOUTH Indian, for starts, a cuisine not as often offered in the West. The ingredients are very fresh, the recipes excellent, and the chef does not skimp on the expensive spices that give South Indian cuisine its unique flavors.  You can tell, for example, that the spinach pakora (spinach dipped in batter and deep fried) was made using fresh rather than frozen spinach.  The staff is attentive, courteous and friendly.  We've been there four times and already we are being treated like family.  I'm a vegan, and I ditto what Dave S. wrote: "the staff took time to ensure that all of my selections were vegan."  It's not easy to find a vegan-friendly restaurant in Phoenix!  My partner and I try different dishes each time we go - there are dozens from which to choose - we've enjoyed each one.  Prices are very reasonable, especially for such beautifully prepared food.  Another thing I notice about Ananda Bhavan is that the customers are mainly ethnic Indians.  That should tell you something about the authenticity and quality of the food! How we found out about this little jewel was by asking the owner of the Indo-European Market (the local East Indian grocery, DVD rental and dry goods store), where SHE goes to eat out.
3	This place has been teasing us for awhile now. Every time we go to the 24 Hour Fitness in the same plaze the smell of yummy Indian food wafts over to us and tempts us to either forgo our workouts entirely when we park or completely cancel it out when we walk out of the gym. Last night we decided to treat ourselves for dinner and made our way here since we've been craving Indian food for quite some time - we have yet to find our spot for this type of cuisine in our area. And we will probably still be hunting...This place is not bad by any means. It is spacious and clean with lots of tables. Service is decent - not the quickest but not unforgiveable. The variety of menu items is great and their saag paneer is some of the best I've ever had. Their garlic naan is pretty darn good too. I only wish that an order comes with a little more bread for the price. Overall, tasty food at decent prices. The only downsides for us is that it's completely vegetarian so if we're craving chicken masala that goes unsatisfied. Thus the reason for our continued search for our one top spot for Indian cuisine. Not to say I won't be visiting this place again... I can totally see myself stopping in after a workout and picking up some naan bread and saag paneer to go. Now that's something to look forward to while on the treadmill!
5	Someone pinch me, I think I may be dreaming...Delicious vegetarian Indian food at a decent price only a quarter mile away from my house???I can't believe this place has been around for a few months and I never noticed it! Almost perfect, a 4.5 star rating which I will round up because I think it may be the best Indian food in the Phoenix area.The atmosphere is nothing special. Clean and simple. Service was good. Attentive and informative. Owner came and talked with us during our meal to welcome us to his restaurant.We had the palak paneer, one of the crepe things (forgot what its called) filled with potatoes and cheese, and garlic naan.Everything was delicious and bursting with flavor! Even my carnivore husband was smitten. Our eyes were practically rolling to the backs of our heads. My only very minor complaints... serving size of the naan could be a little bigger. They only had one combination dinner but it didn't have a curry in the choices. And being the alcoholic vegetarian I am, I really wish they had a liquor license so I could wash down all this delicious food with a Taj Mahal. Otherwise, excellent. I don't know what the bad reviewers were thinking...Can't wait to try their lunch buffet!
4	Way remiss in writing a review on this gem in north Phoenix.  The flavors and attention to detail is what makes this place special for us.  Surprisingly NOT a vegeterian, my palate was deliciously rewarded with flavors I hadn't tasted since we dined in London this past fall.Foodies, put this on your list to sample, and come for dinner.  Granted no alcohol, but you will be drunk on the wonderful spices and craft that this family puts into every dish they make.
5	Interesting reading and some of them spot on! I stopped at this eatery Monday this week for the lunch buffet with a friend.We really enjoyed all of the very delicious fare that I am totally familiar with. Yes, I would like to make the same distinction some discerning and knowledgeable writers have.This is a distinct departure from the other good Indian restaurants in the north phoenix area, in that it is indeed a south Indian eatery. In my opinion a very, very long time coming but never too late. I've always seen the need for this type of place.That being said, for those that are not familiar with Indian food, I like to draw kind of a parallel with the difference between Italian and Sicilian food. Regardless of whether that is a glaring or a subtle difference to the discerning palate, such as mine, I say it is a must do! There is a difference between north and south Indian.Check out the buffet for starters, but feel free to do  the a la carte at your own pace. Make sure your taste buds are in good order, and take your time savoring the love of labor.All good Indian food is created/prepared painstakingly by craftsmen Chefs, as many already are aware. The full array of the range of spices and ingredients is, to say the least, pretty darn healthful and an intoxicating gastronomical journey.I can also say this.....It'll bring you back for one reason or another, and that reason should strictly be you'rs  and you'rs alone. Yes these are all vegetarian fare and wholesome and fresh. Needless to say, it's to "drive" for and rather than to "die" for it's to "kill" for. No offense, but I'd like to come back and eat again!Good eating my friends, and stay well!       ~Arun
3	In short : Its South Indian Vegetarian Restaurant. The only one in its surroundings. For First timers (or) those who are longing for South Indian Vegs : Right Place.But its no where near to HIgh Class Veg Restaurants in South India.Lunch Buffet : I often go on Saturdays. They have many varieties. Vada is really good. My fav. is Gobi Manchuria (but sometimes they dont serve it). My advice, dont order any drinks during Buffet hours (They may not even show up). They serve mini masala dosa as a part of buffet (dont forget to ask for it). The Naan is mostly little hard or burnt(its buffet, so try other options ). Mostly they have a 'Makhani' dish. Its sweet and delicious. Its south Indian, so try pulao or white rice with sides. Carrot Halwa is really good.The crowd during weekends is too much sometimes and do not expect any prompt service.A la Catre : Tiffins are Excellent. My fav. is Puri. Chat items are really good in taste and presentation. I've had better Veg Biryani(s). Staff is not very prompt. The service is very(some times very very) delayed.
4	Went there the other day for the lunch buffet, and the memories of my three week work trip to Bangalore came flashing back.  The idli and sambar, the dosa masalas, all the various curries I ate in the company cafeteria (good ol' Mother Earth) came flashing back into my memory.  Was that a bad thing?? All that vegetarian food for a happy carnivore??  No way!!!  I may have had a bit of culture shock during my stay in Karnataka, but the food was not part of the "shock".  The food is authentic South Indian, and quite tasty.  If you go, and I do recommend going, do get your share of dosas during your visit.
4	Nice portion sizes. It's more expensive than it should be, but I'll keep coming here. We ate here on a sunday night and our waiter was fine. Pleasant even. The food was hot, flavorful and seemed as if someone had actually made it...and not just heated up.
5	We went here at the beginning of March, so this review is LONG overdue! First off, I am far from a vegetarian and I have only had Indian food a couple of times. So was definitely skeptical when we decided to try this place. Dave told the server that we were unfamiliar with the names of the dishes and we asked him to pick out 3 entrees for us. He was EXCELLENT! Even though he had a heavy accent, he explained things to us and we told him what we liked and didn't like. His service was outstanding, attentive and we liked all of his suggestions. And of course, the food was excellent. Freshly prepared and very flavorful. I originally saved the receipt to tell everyone what to get, but I am so long overdue in writing this review the receipt was lost. :-( Vegetarian or not, I recommend you try this place out. We will definitely be back!
4	We were actually trying to find a different new Indian place and came upon this one.  We are not vegetarians and did not realize this was a vegetarian place until we sat down and looked at the menu.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The flavors were wonderful.  We will definitely go back to try more dishes.
5	Delicious! Apparently, most Indian restaurants serve Northern Indian cuisine. This restaurant is Southern Indian and all vegetarian....which means a large menu of tasty foods you've probably not had before. One major difference is the inclusion of crepes wrapped around your main dish. Yum! They are friendly, staff will chat with you, dinner portions are huge and served quickly. We went early in the evening on a week day...there were only a few other tables filled, but it usually appears to be packed for the lunch buffets. Can't wait to go back and try it!  For those who are fans of Indian food...those who are adventurous with their eating....and those who up for trying something new...this is a MUST.
5	Best Indian buffett I have been to so far in Phoenix.  I don't think I could ever consider being a real beanaterian, but this place does make me think twice.  Excellent soups and curries, great crepe.  Not enough good things to say.  No matter what you will need a nap after this meal, but you feel good about it because it's vegetarian!
5	One of the best Indian restaurants in Phoenix..
4	Most of the Indian restaurants serve north Indian food. I was looking for something different, and decided to visit the Madras Ananda Bhavana based on the positive reviews on Yelp. Thankfully, I was not disappointed.The quality of their food was surprisingly authentic - the medu vadas, the idlis and the (freshly prepared) masala dosas were awesome! I almost felt like I was in a Udipi restaurant in Bangalore...the level of spice was toned down, probably to better suit the palate of the locals.There aren't too many Indian restaurants that serve vegetarian food and this place more than makes up for the lack of meat! The kadai paneer or the bagara baingan have enough punch to knock off your cravings for the ubiquitous chicken tikka masala & co.  The service was good and prompt. In all, an absolute value for money deal for people looking out for south Indian meals.
4	LOVE THE FOOD!I am not a vegetarian and am usually adamant about having meat with every meal.  However, this place has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants.  The food is amazing and authentic, and the flavors are incredibly rich.  If you are tired of the other tepid Indian food offerings in this area, do yourself a favor and give these guys a shot.
4	The closest Medu Vadas to what my Mom used to make! That too in a buffet!Apart from that, their Mushroom Masala, Paneer Makhni and Gulab Jamuns in the buffet are worth appreciating.I also tried the A-la-Carte dinner. Their cutlets were good the first time but there was a definite decline in quality when I tried again a few months later. The Dosas are decent. I would recommend the Andhra Kara if you like spicy food.Overall, a good place for those who appreciate vegetarian food.
4	I'm not usually a huge Southern Indian food fan (I prefer the Northern fare), but my mum has taken me to pretty much every Indian restaurant in the greater Phoenix area and she wanted to try this one, so my brother and I tagged along (who says no to free Indian food? Who?). Food was awesome! Mum started off with the Mulligatawny soup, which was very spicy but really good, and my brother and I just ordered an extra side of bread (we always go with traditional garlic naan and we ordered an aloo peas paratha as well, which was very good). Mum had a dosai, which she is really fond of, for the life of me I cannot remember what my brother ordered, and I had the aloo mutter, which was fantastic. Our waiter was very nice and very helpful - a little too helpful, as he asked about the spice level we'd like (I said very low, as I know how spicy some places can get) and when Mum said an 8 out of 10 he replied, "No, for you, a 3." He was mostly joking but she was insisting she wanted it very hot and he kept trying to navigate her down. He probably saw her as a delusional white woman who would start crying the second she started eating and realized how hot it really was, but she grew up in India and ate nothing but Indian food in London in college, so she (unlike my pathetic palette) can handle some CRAZY spicy food, and he eventually gave up trying to change her mind. We had a really great dinner, and it was nice to see that they actually have a lot of Indian customers, which usually points to some authentic and delicious food. Will definitely be back, this place changed my mind about Southern Indian cuisine!
5	I'm giving this 5 stars because it is t the best Indian food in the North Phoenix/Scottsdale area that we've found  We've eaten Indian in Australia, East Asia, Europe and North America, and this is probably the best South Indian restaurant we've found outside of Little India in Singapore.Each of the dishes we tried was very fresh, unlike many restaurants that taste very good, but you can tell that the curries have been stewing for a very long time.  We shared an order of Pani Puri as an appetizer, which came ready to assemble with the crisp, ungreasy shells and 2 kinds of dhal, cilantro/coriander, potatoes, onion and tomatoes, along with mint and tamarind sauces.   I could have eaten an entire order as a light meal and had a very happy mouth and stomach!Next came a Masala Dosai and a Sada (plain) Dosai.  Again, the dosais were crisp and non-greasy, and the masala filling was flavorful and plentiful.  The accompanying sambar was full of veggies, and the tomato sauce and coconut-chili chutney were spicy delicious.We also ordered the Palak Dhal Tarka (spinach and lentils with herbs) but I think we actually received the Dhal Tarka (same thing minus the spinach).  Again, very fresh flavors, with a good quantity of cumin seeds and fresh cilantro/coriander leaves on top.  There was a modest amount of rice served with it, but the server was quick to offer more if needed.  I never missed the spinach, though I'd still like to try it in the dish.Two sweet lassi (yogurt "milkshake") rounded out our order, and we left quite happy with both the food and the service.  There was a very short wait between placing our order and food arriving, and staff was constantly checking to be sure we had everything we needed.  They even made sure we knew what everything was and how to eat it (in the case of the Pani Puri).As other reviewers have stated, the restaurant is rather plain but very clean.   Clean is always good, and I don't mind the plainness.  I look forward to returning to try the lunchtime buffet.
5	This place is delicious!! Upon entering this cute restaurant the aroma of spices makes you glad you came in. I have never tried Southern Insian food before and I was blown away!! Our waiter was really nice and helpful as well. We followed his recommendations and were completely satisfied.
4	We use this place quite a lot simply because the food is so delicious. Every dish we have had from here (and most of our meals are takeaway)  has been so tasty. We were vegetarians for many years and we are happy to find somewhere like this were we can indulge on our veggie preferences. The only recommendations are these - make the name more recognizable and easy to remember ( we have often found it hard to find on yelp and google because it is difficult to remember), and consider an alcohol license as this food goes down well with a good Kingfisher or other cold lager. But overall, we have yet to have a bad meal from this place.
4	We stopped by Madras Ananda Bhavan about a month ago when we were at the Harbor Freight Tools in the same shopping center craving something for lunch. We were pretty close to home but as we neared the parking exit on the 32nd Street side of the shopping center, we eyed this restaurant. We decided to pull over and check it out. There was a lunch buffet going on but neither of us were that hungry.  They were not serving off of the menu but we asked if we could just get an order of samosas to go. The manager told us he would check with the chef and when he came back he said they could do it no problem. We thought this was nice and it convinced us to come back for dinner that following weekend. I think it was a Saturday around 6ish. When we arrived, there were about 2 or 3 other groups of people, predominately Indian (a good sign) already enjoying their meal. As we sat down, we were greeted by the manager and another host. Both were friendly and recognized us from earlier in the week. The place smelled amazing and I couldn't wait to order. We noticed that the restaurant began to fill up and before we knew it, the entire right hand side of the restaurant was full of families coming in for a traditional, south Indian meal.We ordered Samosas, Aloo Mutter, Saag Paneer, Dal Makhni and naan. Our samosas were flavorful and served with both tamarind and mint chutneys. Our entrees were served shortly there after and were excellent. There were a few more "pods" (cardamom, cumin) than I prefer but I know that it adds to the flavor, so I was more careful to look before each bite and pick out some of the chili's and seed pods before I took a bite. All in all, everything was absolutely delicious!Oh! Madras is all vegetarian and alcohol free, so no cocktails or meaty bits here. We didn't let that dissuade us and honestly, the food here is so flavorful, you don't even miss it. Needless to say, we did stop off for a bottle of Pinot on the way home and enjoyed the rest of our evening in. Two thumbs up!
1	Food is just about ok, but these are people who charge gratuity for buffet! That's pathetic.
3	Though the food was not authentic Indian but was still quite delicious. The dosas were good. Somehow did not feel the same for the chats. Overall "Not Bad".Con : - Service was not upto standard. We went there in a large group .It was visible that they were not able to handle a large group.
3	This is an update to my previous review. I have given it one more star than before because i found a way to only experience the food and avoid possibly bad service...go for the lunch buffet. The buffet is decent and as mentioned before the high scores are due to its location in this part of town.
4	Great buffet if you like Indian food.
4	Really very good!!I am actually non-vegetarian guy, but I was really delighted by quality, taste and ambience. I would highly recommend this restaurant especially to vegetarian guys.Cheers!!
3	A few days ago, we ate here for the first time. We had the lunch buffet. The restaurant is fairly clean and the staff is very friendly. The buffet is priced right. I wish  they had more than 4 main dishes to try, but what they had tasted good. They didn't really have what I would call desert. Also, there was no fruits. They bring you Doosa with your food; it's great. By the way, this is a vegetarian restaurant.Our overall experience was ok.We'll dine here again and see how it goes next time.
1	Went for lunch buffet during the week, the restaurant was quite empty and remained empty thru lunch hour. Food was okay, the rassum was excellent but rest of the food was pretty much just okay. The buffet menu is v sparse, perhaps the weekend buffet has a better selection. $8.99 seemed a bit steep considering the selection and the taste.
2	It's a shame that I have to give this place only 2 stars, because the food is phenomenal!  But the service is just plain TERRIBLE!  EVERY single time we've gone in (and it's been about 6 or 7 times), we've waited up to over an hour for our food to come out.  I don't understand why they won't hire extra help at this place.  They obviously have the business, and need more staff on when it is crowded.  We even sat for over 15 minutes one time waiting just to get a server to come to our table.  I wanted to leave after 5 minutes, as I find this unacceptable, but my boyfriend convinced me to stay so we could use our groupon.  As much as I LOVE their food, I will not be returning after the groupons are used up, as the service is just downright unacceptable.  The ONLY way to go is to do the buffet, as you serve yourself, but then there's less choice in food.
5	I love this place.  We go there on the weekends to enjoy their veggie buffet.  After five times, we realized that we hadn't had the same dish twice.  The dosas are fantastic  and appropriately spicy.  It's been a while since I've been to Udapi, but this place seems better from what I recall.  No alcohol or meat, so any review referring to Chicken Tikka means they haven't been there.
5	My brother and I were out looking for a good vegetarian restaurant for lunch (he is vegan but I'm omnivore) and we stumbled on this gem. We have only done the buffet and there always seems to be something new to try each week. The food is out-of-this-world delicious, just-right spicy and you don't even miss the meat! The 2 main servers are always friendly, chat with us, remember us and what we like. They told us the veggies are always fresh, never frozen and you can tell. The quality is very good, it is often full of Indian groups or families and they have lots of repeat customers, including us. We now have our weekly ritual of Southern Indian here and honestly, haven't felt the slightest urge to try anywhere else. We've found our Indian food home. Long may they prosper!
3	Very tasty and good variety. I would rated a little higher but for vegetarian cuisine this was expensive.
5	Even if you aren't a veggie, this place is awesome!!  My new favorite Indian spot.
4	Delicious food had the paneer masala everything tasted great service was a bit slow but we will return here again.
5	Best indian veg in the valley.  Had the buffet the other day, and was really impressed.  My coke was always full, the restaurant was very clean, and the crepe that they bring to your table was a really nice surprise.  I wish this place was in S. Scottsdale.  We have Udupi, but personally I like this place a lot more, much cleaner and more of a modern vibe.
5	The food was even better than I remembered, and as I was leaving, I thought to myself that I need to eat here at least once a month or more.  The flavors here are just top notch, and the staff is super friendly.  One really good mark of an Indian restaurant, is that Indian people eat there.  While I saw a mix of people in the place for the buffet this afternoon, I saw a healthy number of Indians there as well which made me feel like I was eating authentic cuisine.  Put it this way, how many chinese people do you see eating at PF Changs or Panda express?  The reason is because the food is made for a western palate.  At Madras, the food is all Indian all the time, and that is what is going to keep me coming back!  A great tip is that at the end of your meal when you are walking out, they have a bowl called Mukhwas, or basically "mouth freshener."  The mix is cardamom, anise seed, and coconut candy, and one half spoon full in your hand that you put into your mouth really helps to sooth your stomach after the meal. So if you haven't gone yet, use this review as an absolute billboard to try their buffet, and come back for dinner.
4	Great prices and very nice service! There were lots of options on the menu, and they were very helpful with answering our questions. We ordered the mango lassi, garlic na'an, chana masala with batura, and the coconut uthappam. Everything was delicious. We will definitely return!
3	Great food and prices but terrible service.
4	If you're into vegetarian, this is the place to be.  I've been trying to do nothing but veggie days sometimes.  This place really hit the spot.  They had an okra dish in their buffet line that I really liked.  Everything also tasted very fresh.
5	Really yummy, I've never had an Indian buffet this good. Even my mom liked this place! Tasted fresh and more upscale than most Indian buffets.
2	Do not.. I repeat do not eat the Andhra Kara Dosa. It is so spicy it's unreal. To be honest, the server did warn me that it was going to be "spicy", yet for reasons unknown he did not let me sample the chutney. And the warning doesn't help because you are thinking, of course Indian food is spicy. Duh! But take it from a spicy food loving Indian, its not worth the try. You don't get your money back either because hey they warned you! 2 stars for the bad service and unpalatable dosa. I would just recommend the lunch buffet so you don't have to deal with the rude servers.
4	Their coconut 'pancake' was MIND BLOWING. My mom and I devoured it. Everything else was super tasty too. Good prices, quick service and outstanding, authentic Southern Indian cuisine. Will go again when I'm on this side of town.
4	Very surprising that I would like Indian food without meats! I had to be in the area for classes and there wasn't a lot of choices in the area.  A co-worker had gone to the buffet before so I decided to join him for lunch.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.  The buffet included salad, soups, two types of rice, and other dishes which I have no clue what I had but it was all good!  Lots of spices and a variation of veggies in the dishes, anyone would enjoy! We there two days in a row and the buffet had different dishes each time.  The price was reasonable and I never left hungry.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try something different and enjoy some great Indian dishes one may not have tried unless they went to Madas Ananda Bhavan.
5	My favorite!
4	Among the best Indian places in Phoenix metro.  Staff is much more attentive during buffet with drink refills and replenishing my dosas compared to other places.  Everyone was polite, and it's usually a good sign to find oneself dining among so many Indian families.  Prices are reasonable and parking is generous.  Only drawback, and a somewhat minor one, is that it's just not a very nice neighborhood & general area.
4	Okayyy so I went back for dinner. Couldn't resist when I saw the half off Groupon! This time, I chose the "regular" masala dosa and it was good. Now the main reason I had to come back to write this review was this incident. After dinner, we - a party of four - decided to taste the Gulab Jamun. Now you get 3 pieces in an order, however our server voluntarily brought us four (one free!!) because we were a party of four. That was such a nice gesture! Now, this does not change my opinion about the Kara Dosa (OMG! no!) but I did have a better experience service-wise.
3	During initial days the quality of the food was too good, now it has felt down drastically.. Still good option to have Indian Veggie food for people living nearby.
4	Excellent authentic South Indian food, both for Indians and non-Indians.It has a good list of North Indian food as well for those who want it, but obviously South Indian food is their specialty!The restaurant is clean and people are courteous. One common thing I see though is that the staff is slow to respond. I have ended up waiting for around 10 minutes before my order was taken (after I was seated) . I have faced the same problem when I asked for the check as well. However, the food was delivered pretty soon after we ordered it.Food portions are plenty and it is good value for money, especially the afternoon lunch buffet.Overall, I would say that this place is excellent and i would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to try authentic South Indian vegetarian food!
3	Taste of food is ok, service is also ok except that all food ordered comes out of kitchen together including the apitisers user and coffee tastes bad.
3	Food was good. Atmosphere was god for the family. If you love vegetarian food, this is a good place.
4	Great food and excellent service. I was there with a large group and we all had the buffet. The servers went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. I wouldn't hesitate to return!
1	I have been to this place 3-4 times and every time I've had different experience with the food. They are very inconsistent when it comes to the quality and taste of their food. However, they are very consistent in providing a very bad service. Their servers are the rudest I've ever encountered anywhere. The whole place just has 3 servers and maybe it is the work load that's affecting their behavior. I just returned home after having dinner there and I had a really frustrating experience. They don't have a host/hostess and I had to wait for like 10 minutes in the doorway before a server noticed me and found a table for me. I ordered a combo platter with Dosa, Uttapam, vada and idli. I wanted a refill on sambhar and asked a server for it. I waited for like 20 minutes easily and nobody came to serve me. I waived another server a couple of times, he would look at me and then ignore me. My food got all cold. I then went to the server who was also acting as a cashier too and expressed my exasperation. He finally got my sambhar, but showed me attitude. I finished my food and asked for the check. Now when I was just about to leave, this server, who I waived a couple of times earlier, comes up to me and says - You need to learn to be PATIENT. He says that he had seen me waiving but chose to ignore me 'cos he was busy with other tables. I told him that all I asked for was acknowledgement of my service request. He clearly didn't understand the whole concept of service industry. I was trying to explain my point and he started to walk away. I called for him again, he turned back and approached me with anger. His coworkers tried to stop him but he tells them in HINDI - 'Let me see what he has to say' in a very rude manner. I called for his superior and he also took his side. The tone of their voice was urging me to leave and it was these guys who were creating a scene out there. This whole drama left me disgusted and frustrated. I've never encountered such unprofessional and downright rude service. I am never going back to this place again.
4	It is rare to find an Indian restaurant that caters only to vegetarians and equally rare to find one that serves authentic Indian food. But Madras Ananda Bhavan is one such restaurant that beats both the odds and continues to impress with quality of service and value. I've been to this place a couple of times and usually end up ordering one of the Dosas since they are really good. I've tried a one or two of their curry entrees and they didn't match my expectations, but again I'm from south India and about 90% of the curry entrees on the menu are from North India. So, I'll suspend my judgment on them. But otherwise this is a decent Indian restaurant that most of the things right. Can't go wrong here.
5	Was here on July 4 with family and was very impressed. Excellent spread, well prepared in traditional style, plenty of choice of deserts and great service. Only negative was the rush to get Dosas to our table even before we had settled down with round 1 of our buffet food, which resulted in Dosas being eaten cold. Was also told they could not do a take-out order during lunch, as I wanted to take some food for dinner later at Grand Canyon where I was headed. Overall, great stuff and feel jealous of Phoenix folks, even though Dallas where I live, has many good Indian vegetarian restaurants.
4	As a meatatarian I had a really good and hearty meal here! The price for the lunch buffet is why I gave it 4 instead of 5.. I paid $15 for the buffet with naan bread and tap water, and tax. Other than that I'm definitely coming back here!
5	I wasn't a fan of Indian food until a large group of friends took me here.I was very impressed with the service. We were indecisive and didn't have any clue what to order, so we asked our waiter to bring us 7 dishes for us to split 7 ways. He brought us 7 varying dishes, most of which I really really enjoyed. We were also given free small cups of mango lassi, free naan, and free dessert. He then asked us if we had ever been to India, and when we said no, gave us a brief history lesson. It was an absolutely wonderful experience!To top it off, the staff was very accommodating and split the total sum evenly between all 7 of our checks, and the total came to something small like $8 a person for more food than we could all consume. They were so gracious and so generous in feeding us all.I've already returned with  my mother, and I'm definitely going to return for the weekday lunch buffet.
4	This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to.  Wonderful service and the entire meal, yes the entire meal, was wonderful.  Even the kids liked it and well, you know kids, they don't like anything.
4	I had no clue what I was doing when I went to this restaurant!  I've only eaten Indian food a few times and this is Southern Indian food.  It is also vegetarian which is fine with me as I tend to not eat a lot of meat.First off:  This place is clean!  I mean this place is spotless.  You seriously could probably eat off of the floor.  Wouldn't but could.  Also I think the staff is cute!  All these amazing men running around from table to table.  I had a groupon and you have to tell them upon entering (and the sign on the door will remind you!) but I don't think they treated me any differently due to that.  I think they did kinda laugh at us behind our backs because my 12 yr. old daughter and I had NO clue what the heck we were ordering and we wound up with plate after plate of food!  There was seriously enough for an army and the whole thing came to about $40!  So I don't understand other people saying it's kinda pricey.  I think it's a great deal!  I loved the Onion Pakora.  I am gluten free and haven't been able to have onion rings often due to this.  Well, The Onion Pakora is a nice altenative.  I did like the tamarind sauce served with it but I took some home and they were even MORE amazing with my own Roasted red bell pepper garlic aoli!We also had Sambar Vidai, which is a lentil dumpling kind of with a stew type sauce.    It was good!  We also got Paneer Pakora (Fried cheese) which neither of us cared for.  Then a Cheese Masala Dosai, which honestly we took home and I fed my daughter for lunch the following day as she LOVED the Masala.  We also took home a coconut Uthappan, which neither of us cared for.  My daughter loved the Batata Vada deep fried potato balls covered in chickpea flour.  It was actually a bit spicy for me but she ate them up!  Yeah, I said we ordered way too much food for the two of us.  We actually ate a few more meals out of the left overs...and the waiter was very gracious about not teasing us.  I think he was awesome!Service was fast and great!  I think I would go back and just get onion pakora and an order of Sambar Vadai and call it way more than enough!  If you are ready to try something new I suggest giving them a try!
1	Average food, extremely rude staff and a greedy owner.Since the first time I went to this place a couple of years back till today this restaurant has been nothing more than disappointment. The food is average or below average, just to recall the incident last time when I ordered a dessert(Ras Malai) it was served un-thawed right out of  the box which I could have picked up in Asiana for 1/8 of the cost I paid here, the food when served usually does not meet the fresh out of kitchen standards and sometimes is cold.Now coming to the staff, this is the worst place you could go, I remember an instance when the waiter made us sit for like 35 minutes and then came with headphones on to take order !!!  No special requests are entertained and the staff generally lacks courtesy and basic humility. I believe staff behavior to be a reflection of the owner and based on my multiple experiences I would say the owner himself needs to take a few lessons in hospitality, he is rude and unaccommodating and yes extremely greedy. Let me explain the greedy part, for 3 times in a row he added gratuity of 18% even when he was not serving to a group, I can understand adding gratuity for a group of 4 which is a common practice but not in Anand Bhavan, they will not spare you even when you are alone or there for a buffet. Now lets talk about their Groupons which they release, last week six of us went with two Groupons and requested them if they could honor our Groupons if we ordered separately, but the owner refused to entertain our request even when we were seated at practically two physical tables citing that they served to a group on 6 and what can you say slapped a gratuity of 18%..The last thing which is more of a personal observation and could be matter of debate, the owner and staff are more entertaining to the American customers than they are to the south Asian community, we were de-prioritized and served later than the couple who came later than us but again this might be a stand alone incident..Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone, if you have another choice spare yourself and avoid Anand Bhavan..Don't spoil your day..
4	The food here is great and this is a staple restraint when me and my wife visit Phoenix . The south Indian food is yummy. They have some consistency unissued with the salt but overall great food every time.
3	The food was ok. I got a groupon for this restaurant because I love Indian food.  It was very busy (6:30 on a Friday) but it took 5-10 min after we were seated for the waiter to even come to our table.  (There was a pitcher of water on the table, but I wanted something with ice) My boyfriend got his meal first and then a few minutes later I got my meal.  I just wasn't impressed with the service, and since we had to drive 20 minutes to get there I doubt we will be going back.
5	I could eat a whole vat of their SAMBAR. And my boyfriend says every time he's eating something, he thinks, I'm going to get more of this. There is no end to the deliciousness of this place!
3	Great food over all. Wasn't expecting to only have buffet for lunch. Would love to come back another time when you can order more South Indian dishes from the menu. They gave great portions and complimentary fresh dosas with your meal. Will be back again next time mom is in town to visit. Pure vegetarian and clean environment.
5	I have been to many Indian restaurants and this one rates very well.Don't be fooled by the domestic looking tables and chairs, the food is awesome!I really appreciated the staff's attention to detail and patience with us as we ordered.Took the food home and it was great. Nephew who hadn't had Indian food for a while loved it. His Beingan Bartha was a bit spicy for him, but he still loved it.  The Ven Pongal Vadai was delicious!I will be back with more of my friends and I suggest you take yours too.
4	The restaurant is in a strip mall at Bell and 32 Street. There is a large variety of food choices and every dish was delicious. The helpings were generous and the food was reasonably  priced. Our server was very helpful and personable. We will definitely make this a regular "go to" spot
5	Didn't know what to expect here, as my hubby and I love indian food and so are very picky - they didn't let us down. Everything was delicious and the portions were great and the service was fast and friendly. We will definitely be regulars. :-)
4	Great vegetarian buffet! Very fresh, and all veggie so you don't have to worry about accidentally getting lamb from the buffet table. Dosas are included, and they were very tasty with coconut chutney to dip in. I really liked that they had okra too, I've never seen that at a buffet. The waiters were very friendly and brought my daughter a small mango lassi for free. They are only getting 4 stars because it was a little expensive for a lunch menu, especially when it's all veggie.
5	This is THE place to go for dosa. The buffet is always fresh. The restaurant is clean, family friendly and the staff is very accomodating. I love South Indian cuisine and we continue to return to this restaurant with regularity. Always leave happy and satisfied. Delicious, home-style dishes. Very tasty!!
5	Madras Anandha Bhavan is the best place in Phoenix to get Vegetarian Indian food. Nan bread is always good almost in all Indian restaurants. I tried Chapati bread here. It a whole wheat not greasy bread which tasted soo good. I also love masala dosa, paneer dishes and aloo gobi. I also like the lunch buffet here. The food is good, restaurant is clean, service is good, staffs are friendly and fair priced. I will surely recommend this place to my friend.
2	I went on Diwali with my family and we all faced stomach problem after eating their vada which was not good in taste either. Other wise southindian dishes were not good and north indian dishes where ok.
4	My husband and I were like two little lost puppies when we came in here. We had no clue what to order, what anything would taste like, etc. We needed some serious help. And the server did a phenomenal job of helping coach us through the menu! I got the beingan bartha at his suggestion, which is smoked eggplant cooked with onions and peppers and was absolutely delicious. The rice it comes with is also seasoned in something, which was great. My husband ordered the Masala Dosai which came with two dips (one tomato, one coconut) on the side. We ordered a mini dosai for my son. So, okay, my son is 13 months old and we fed him everything we ordered, and he loved it. That's telling you how good it all was. Also we ordered the garlic naan which I thought could have been a bit more garlicky, but that's the only nitpicky thing I can think of. Otherwise the food and service were both fantastic!
5	Just want to add that after the PHXBC opened November I come here more often. The Badminton we play is a heck of a workout, and then some. Having found the two best places in town, I play to get hungry and come eat, to go back and work it off. Hey, it works just beautifully for moi!If you think I must be joking, try this combination, give it a month and see what you think. For one, you'll lose some pounds and eat better and stay healthier.Also no, it absolutely does not matter one bit if you have never ever done either of these before. A brand new door has opened up for anyone that wants to enter it.As a word of CAUTION: This combo might very easily be addicting, so just be aware.Happy New Year!
4	This is my favorite South Indian place, and I drive from downtown to eat here at least a few times a month. You can tell a good ethnic restaurant when it is full of those that know the food the best: the natives/expats -- check. A couple of recommendations to bring that extra star. First, identify vegan options on the menu. Next, be friendlier. One of 2 guys will typically be our server, the smaller guy is much more welcoming and helpful, the other never smiles. And a combination of the previous mentioned opportunities, learn the menu and know which items have dairy and steer the customers more carefully. Naan has dairy, don't serve that to vegans.
4	Great service, nice menu and average quality food . 26 dollars for buffet lunch for three with the coupon from the news paper. Have tea in the menu, so that's nice. Tap water is better here, seems they filter it.
5	Had the opportunity of taking the family for dinner on a Tuesday evening. Was pleased with the warm greeting and laid back atmosphere. Before arriving to our table it was obvious that this was a family oriented restuaunt with large tables easily sitting groups larger then 8. My younger brother almost had a panic attack when he realized it was a vegetarian restaurant. However, after our meal everyone agreed that the food was delicious and filling. Family asks me when we are going back every time I visit Phoenix.
1	samosa had stale potato. sambar was stale.Experienced Staff members are very rude with newer staff members in front of guests.
5	Best Indian cuisine in Phoenix - Hubert is a great host, funny and kind. I gotta say it though - Rakesh is missed! Hope to see him around.
5	I feel like we really lucked out when we found this restaurant a few months ago.  I'm extremely picky when it comes to restaurants and food, so just going in because it was a vegetarian place to eat and ending up having the great service and excellent food was absolutely wonderful.The service has been very friendly and efficient, and after ordering the food always comes out so fast that I have no idea of how they do it!  Our last visit was perfect!  I was very hungry and the server had the food out to us in no time.  I loved the vegetable pancake so much the last time I was there, it was so incredibly good.  The curry dishes are all delicious, it is difficult to pick one.  I think that if there is one thing to complain about is that it is very hard to decide what to get because everything is absolutely amazing.(When you go try the onion pakoras...I think that I could eat several orders of those myself because they are so good and make an awesome appetizer to share.)Very good service and incredible food.  We look forward to going back...we'd probably go everyday if we weren't so far away!    Thank you for making our experience at your restaurant so great.  :)
4	I love this restaurant. My family eats here about once a week. If anything were to be as close to home made this would be it. That being said, recipes vary. One day the dish may be spicy or salty or sour and the next day it's not. It is quite delicious even with the variables. If you are new to this style of Indian food I suggest trying the Spring Veg Dosa, Masala Dosa, Puri Masala, Batata Vada and Paneer Pakora. Even non-vegetarians enjoy what they have to offer. Also, lots of gluten free options.
4	I am so happy they opened in North Phoenix, closer to my home! They recently opened about 1.5 years ago and the food is amazing. I recommend the Gobi Manchurin! I get it ALL THE TIME! The curries are good too. The Indian spices are so yummy and flavorful too. I have to mention that I am "VEGAN", because some dishes have milk or dairy. So, they customize it for me a little, which is nice. The only small thing I would say is that there is a server that never smiles and hard to approach.  The flip side is that there is another server that is super nice and we always hope he will be our server. Another small thing that bothers me is that all their appetizers are deep-fried, so I usually don't get them. I wish they had some more fresh choices. The pricing is pretty good too. I highly recommend this location if you are looking for tasty traditional Indian Food. I am a fan and will be going again.
2	Alright my two stars is not about the food! Food rating would be a 3 because we were half way impressed.We got inside and immediately sat down assuming it was a buffet because according to the homepage of their website it is a buffet style, yet if you don't research enough you find out that its only buffet during lunch. We decided to give it a shot even though we were expecting buffet. The vegetable curry was good but there was barely any rice with the dish. The garlic naan had so much garlic my stomach hurt a little as I kept eating it. We also got the cheese crepe dish and we just didn't like the flavor much. I also decided to adventure out on a sweet lassi which as the waiter explained is like a smoothie with yogurt and sugar mixed. Wrong! It is a yogurt drink with a pinch of sugar. It is like drinking a bitter yogurt drink and I wouldn't recommend. I didn't hate it but I love thai iced teas and it was an extreme sweet jump in my preference on a sugar scale. Lastly the menus! Ugh there is nothing more frustrating then coming to an Indian restaurant in America where half of the dishes are explained and the others aren't explained in a comprehensive way. Most of our menus had sharpie edits with dishes and prices crossed out and rewritten. Then as we ordered our waiter informed us about all the dishes that they did not have. I am sorry it is on your menu but you don't have it? It is just poorly done and very confusing. I have had Indian before and it was not this complex. I don't think we will be back.
3	Very frequent visitor to this restaurant. ..Nice service and staff. Food is also good. But sometimes they disappoint ... last time I tried Veg Uttapam which I must say was half cooked, they replaced it though but second time also it was not up to the mark... Dosa is much better and is a good option..
2	We landed in Phoenix and were surprised to learn that there was a restaurant that had Madras in its name. Furthermore it had really good reviews that only added to our hunger. So we decided to give this place a shot for our dinner!We ordered sambar Vadai, masala dosa and chettinad Gobi masala dosa. None of the dishes lived up to the name Madras!!! The Vadai was really very hard and it seemed like it was made in the morning (at least we hope it wasn't any earlier than that). The dosas were a little sour and that is a clear no-no for anyone from madras. The service was slow because they were understaffed that day.
5	This might just be the best Indian food I have ever had. From the moment you walk in you feel welcomed. All vegetarian and and the most wonderfully flavorful dishes. Our new go to Indian spot!
5	As far as Indian Food goes, you can't beat this place. Amazing naan, very fruitful tastes in each curry dish, excellent service and very clean decor inside.
4	What's not to like about scrumptious vegetarian Indian food?  A well-stocked and clean buffet and an Indian to White-boy ratio of about 10:1.  I eat here about once every two weeks.  I like the food so much that I always eat too much and feel the post Indian food bloat afterwards.  Maybe it's the chilies, maybe it's the carbs, I don't care just be forewarned about exercising some self restraint and only go back the buffet twice at most.
4	I really like this place. This was my second time there.   The food is very good, reasonably priced and very authentic.    Waiter very nice and helpful.  Very clean and presentation is nice.   Both times I went it wasn't busy.   They also do take out.   No complaints.    The only thing I was leery about is when you go in all the tables have filled water pitchers. You have no way of knowing how long it sat with no cover.  But that wouldn't stop me  from going back.    Great nan ( bread ).  Will go back
4	Was our first time eating Indian food. Staff was very helpful in pointing us in the right direction with the menu. Food was delicious. Will def be back next time we want some Indian food!
3	I did not like the menu items during lunch buffet. All curries were okay and tasted on the sweet side. Naan were cold and chewy also no good indian snacks (costco spring rolls ) Surprisingly their price was 10$, which is very reasonable. But I would not like to try the same menu as the food was just okay.
1	I didn't have an option but to choose at least one star. This is the most horrible food I have ever tasted.
5	I like their lunch buffet. I'm not a vegetarian but I'm a big fan of veggie Indian food. It's a great selection. They don't just bring out the typical naan you'd see at a buffet, but something lighter, bigger, it looked like a cone. It was super tasty.
4	I'm not a vegetarian but I really like their lunch buffet. It's all so delicious and I like that they don't always have the same thing. The food has good taste and spices and it's hot but in a enjoyable way! I very much have enjoyed their soups and usually use a carrot stick to cool off my mouth.
2	The quality of the lunch buffet dropped drastically! The medu vadas were salty and didn't have onions or crushed green leaves. They were out of sambar and it took about half an hour for them to replace it. The naan's weren't replaced quickly either. The vanilla ice cream was semi-molten. The malai paneer curry was good. The gulab jamun and the custard fruit salad were up to the mark. Overall, disappointing for a $11.99 plus tax weekend lunch buffet.
5	What a wonderful experience!  The service was wonderful and the good was excellent. We are new to Indian good do we were not sure what to order. All we had to do was ask and they helped us choose out items. Everything we had was so flavorful. We will be back again.
1	I love Indian cuisine, and being still fairly new to the valley, I'm trying to find the best places in town for Indian food.  I bought a Groupon for Madras Ananda Bhavan a few months ago and decided to go for dinner last night.As we approached I saw a sign on their front door warning/ advising customers that if they use a Groupon gratuity will be automatically added to their bill.  I found that to be an odd and ostracizing thing to do, but at least they were upfront about it.We arrived before 6pm and it was pretty quiet, with only a few tables present. Nice. I enjoy quiet dining.  The sign said to wait to be seated. We only had to wait a few seconds before we were seated and the menus were brought. I informed them right away that I'd be using a Groupon.  I advised the waiter that I was vegan and inquired about the menu items in which I was interested. He was knowledgeable, helpful, and very friendly (awesome smiles!).We ordered vegetable samosas ($3.50). They were huge and very good. Crunchy & golden on the outside; savory and spicy on the inside. Their tamarind sauce is stronger and more tart than to what I am accustomed, but it was ok.  I prefer the sweeter based tamarind sauces though. I ordered the Gobi Manchurian ($8.99). It was absolutely AMAZING! The cauliflower was so perfectly crisp and that red sauce (not spicy) is so flavorful. Outstanding vegan dish!I ordered plain puri/poori ($2.99 for 2 pieces), which is a light vegan bread.  Plain puri/poori is not on the menu (the menu offers stuffed puris), but just ask for it. It was very good. My dinner mate ordered naan ($2), and the server advised me not to eat it because it contains dairy.  (Good looking out!) She thought her naan was a little too burnt for her liking. Here's where things go badly...My non-vegan dinner mate wanted Aloo Saag, which is not on the menu.  The waiter advised that she could order Saag Paneer ($10.99) and add aloo (potatoes), so that's what she did.  (Note to vegan's who are not familiar with Indian cuisine: saag = spinach, & paneer = cheese, so this is not a vegan dish.  If you'd like a spinach dish, inquire about them making a vegan version, like Aloo Saag with no dairy.) She really enjoyed her dish until.... she noticed a long piece of hair in her spoonful of saag.  Process of elimination: she has very long, naturally curly/wavy hair, so it was definitely not her own hair.  I was sitting across the table and never came near her food, but for s&g let's just add that I have extremely curly hair, so it most certainly was not my hair. I examined it closely to ensure that it wasn't an herb of some sort, but it was indeed a hair follicle.  Despite my OCD-ness screaming on the inside, I was very calm and maintained a smile as I called over the owner and pointed out the snafu. He apologized profusely, promptly took away the tainted food, and brought her a new dish with new naan.Our dishes were served with a small helping of rice. What is up with the instant white rice?? You get @ 2 spoonfuls of this plain and dry rice. Where is the moist, fluffy, herb-infused, flavor-bursting basmati rice?  Very disappointing!Pitchers of water were sitting on each table, even the unoccupied ones. Having a pitcher of water at your table is definitely a plus for me because I drink a lot of water.  However, with that pesky nat (it drove me crazy!) and any other germs flying around, I did not like that the water had just been sitting there for who knows how long (long enough that the ice had melted). And it's a waste of water when you get an OCD customer like myself, who will ask you to bring a fresh pitcher of water with ice in it.  Just bring out the pitcher once the customer arrives. The bill came and there were 0 concessions for the hair situation. Yes, you brought out a new dish. That's expected. No, I did not appear to be angry, but I was livid and disgusted. There was HAIR in my baby's food! Department of Health &/or Public Safety, hello?! I just chose to behave in a civil and professional manner.  Wrong is wrong, and one should not have to rant and rave or throw a hissy fit to be accommodated in such circumstances.  I did not ask, but as a customer service gesture, that dish should've been removed from my bill.  Despite the excellent Gobi Manchurian and puri/ poori, or the friendly smiles, that was a deal-breaker, so sadly, I have no plans to return.
4	This was a great find. The food was great, and the staff was very nice. The restaurant itself was a bit rundown, but the food definitely makes up for it. It is great that they only offer vegetarian dishes. They also offer carryout! I will definitely be a returning customer.
5	This was our first time here, but Indian food is not new to us. We ordered a dosai, which was huge, and samosas, which were excellent, and aloo gobi with naan. The food was awesome, the dipping sauces were so good as well; and the staff was extremely attentive but not overly so. I had a mango lassi to drink and my boyfriend had a hot chai.  Again, everything was wonderful and we will be back.
1	Horrible service. The people who work there are just very rude.There is stale water sitting on the tables, it is not iced down and they don't seem to re-fill any of them when they run out.The food is very bland and that is saying a lot because I ordered a curry.
4	In my struggle to find decent Indian food in the north valley, this place is the best up here. Trust, I have tried many. The flavor profile is right. Service is pretty good and it's all vegetarian. I usually get the mutter pander, this is my favorite dish. It's delicious here. Also love their gulag jamun. Yum yum. The servings are great and I always have enough for leftovers.
4	New management and a pleasant change.. Food tastes much better.. The ambience has improved..
4	I love this place, and I am not vegetarian.  The first thing I tried was the paneer butter masala.  Amazing!  the dosai crepes are also SUPER amazing.  the place is clean, and modern and the staff is very friendly!   the naan is sooooooo good!  I really recommend this place to Indian food lovers!
2	Terrible service. They keep sitting guests without paying attention to time and their needs. every table around us had to get up and ask for service. Apparently food is good. We ended up just ordering appetizers so we could have our food faster. Not sure we will come back. Disappointed.
5	Best Indian food I have had in Phoenix. The portions are generous and the staff is kind. This is a great spot for vegetarians or anyone who likes Indian food! Haven't had anything I haven't loved.
