4	We prefer the Paradise Buffet to any we've tried downtown (including its sister property Main Street Station, reputed to be the best and probably the biggest downtown buffet). The Paradise has a smaller selection of food, but everything we tried was excellent. The potato purses are intriguing and tasty. The roast beef was excellent. Service was great too.The "regular" dinner buffet is available a couple of nights a week; that's what we had. Several nights offer seafood or a cooked-to-order steak with your buffet, and of course those nights cost more. We've also tried and enjoyed the champagne brunch offered on Saturday and Sunday.
5	this buffet is excellent and has an excellent staff.....when we first arrived in Las Vegas, one of our plans was to hit a champagne brunch while waiting to check in....im glad we picked the Paradise Buffet.....great brunch with a bottomless glass of champagne...i left full AND a little buzzed...the carving stations had glorious roast meats and the omelette and pancake/waffle station was so good....they have a lot of different foods and good soups....this place is great for lunch to, with different things daily...one day they had French Onion Soup...wow....this place is great and the drink service is fast and seems to be psychic...they always kept the drinks coming....great food and staff...if you stay downtown,this is the place to fuel up for a days worth of Las vegas revelry....
5	Our favorite downtown buffet, by far!  Champagne brunch with stone crab legs... yum!  Our server was awesome.. and kept our drinks full.. I think i tried a tiny bit of everything, and it was all delicious.  I think I filled up on champagne though... When i stood up to leave, i felt it!  Bonus - We had a 2 for 1 coupon, so champagne brunch for two was $9.99!!   During our most recent trip to Vegas, in Dec ... paradise buffet was closed :*( I think they opened back up the day we were leaving...  hubby was sad :( lol..
4	Came here over 10 years ago...  Damn, maybe 15 - 20 years is more accurate.  But I ALWAYS remember this spot and always tell people about that ONE time I was there.  This is when Las Vegas still had relatively cheap buffets all over the strip and was not quite so expensive to visit.  Well, looks like this place still has a relatively cheap buffet.  I was actually not of drinking age when I came that time and it was the first time I had Cherries Jubilee, which I loved. And many of their other brunch buffet selection was great.  Of course, my palate may be more sophisticated now that I am older but I would definitely want to come back here and see if it is as good now as it was to me before....
4	Fremont has a wonderful hidden treasure in the back of their casino, their Paradise Buffet. It's small but reasonably priced and offers a fine selection of food. No real surprises, it's what's become the standard buffet lineup of entrees, an omelet/pancake station, and southwestern and Chinese dishes. Sunday Brunch offers some extra seafood (shrimp, crab) and champagne. It's not the good stuff, but believe me, after a glass or two you won't notice.I was lucky enough to visit champagne brunch with a group of frinds who also like to play with their food. The buffet selection inspired me to assemble a southern-style plate of fried chicken and waffles with a side of fruit that tasted divine. Then I hit the dessert bar. Again, nothing fancy here, but a nice array of cakes and pies with soft serve ice cream also available. Extra credit to the buffet for offering sugar free pies and cake as well.The best thing about the Paradise Buffet may be the decor. It has the darker feel of classic Vegas casinos, but there is an attempt at tropical lushness with plastic greenery and flowers throughout and a large aquarium at the entrance. The buffet is set off by crystal-accented chandeliers and lighting, the ceiling is all mirrored tile. Liberace would've been right at home here - and I mean that in the best way possible.One star off my rating for a poor first impression: the restrooms are at the entry and they may be the first thing you smell coming in from the casino. But once you're over that speedbump, it's all good.
5	BYPASS THE BUFFET!!!!Wasn't this place called Lanai's in the past?  My friend who's also from the islands goes to this place all the time.  So, when I went to Vegas with him, he had nothing but good things to say about this place.  The secret?  Bypass the Buffet.  All the mainlanders eat the buffet.  But if you're from the islands, you have to eat at the Paradise Cafe in the back.  The lighting is dim, but who cares, I don't like people watching me eat anyways.  I've actually got in a fight with people who stare at me.  Anyways, go back there and be treated to the REAL island food.  Spam, rice (the sticky kind that's washed - not the minute rice that no self respecting islander would ever touch), Portuguese sausage, etc.  If you don't wash your medium grain rice and then measure it with your finger, you might not be using authentic sticky rice.  So, I walk into this place and see this nice buffet spread.  My friend tells me to keep walking and leave the buffet alone.  So I do.  We end up in the back at the Paradise Cafe where I see nothing but islanders eating.  This place MUST be good.  So we sit down and our waitress come around.  She has an island accent so I know this is going to be good.  What does everyone order?  Spam, eggs, and rice.  Now, I don't know if you know this, but the islanders like to eat.  So, when they bring our food out, it's overflowing over the plate.  They put a full can of fried Spam, a dozen eggs, and 2 cups of rice on my plate.  I also ordered Portuguese Sausage.  This is some good stuff.  The waitress keeps coming by asking if we want anything else.  Heck yeah.  We need more rice.  She hooks us up on the rice too.  She brought out a BIG bowl of rice so we can finish our Spam and sausage.  I can't finish my food, but everyone else doesn't have a problem with it.  For some reason my friend also ordered toast with it.  Toast?  Why not more rice instead of toast?  I think he sold out.  I keep looking around and it's nothing but islanders walking in.  She comes by to see if we needed anything else but we were good.  We then start asking her about some local island/asian store around here that we can get portuguese sausage.  She starts to tell us about some place that everyone goes to.  I was tempted but since I live in Cali, it would have gone bad by the time I got home.  Everytime I go to Vegas, this is a place I HAVE to go to.  You should try it too.
5	I'm not a fan of red meat, especially steak. ICK. But when it's chicken-fried and covered in country gravy, it's amazing. I've never had chicken-fried steak before, let alone eat an entire steak on my own. This was deeelish!! Comes with a side of mashed potatoes and corn, a perfect combination. I came here twice within 5 days. My cousins swear by the philly cheese steak sandwich. I also had the chicken on sourdough sandwich which was yuuuuumy too. When my cousin was ordering her meal, the waitress even suggested on how to order the same thing, but cheaper. I'm definately coming back here next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Eric T. just reminded me that I forgot one of my buffet adventures.  My parents and I decided to go here because we had dined in the California Hotel so much.  This is their seafood buffet night.  The first funny thing...well maybe it wasn't funny for them, was the couple in front of us.  The cashier ran their credit card through and said, "Do you have another card?"  The husband looked puzzled.  I turned to my mom and said:"Do you think she told her husband about all the cash advances she'd been taking out on that card?  I bet she's so out of control, she can't keep track."  (evil laughter)Mom: You're terrible (but she laughed with me)Me: The apple don't fall far from the treeMom: (pause) You're adopted (evil laughter)So yeah, the apple don't fall too far.I ate turkey and roast beef, shrimp scampi, salmon, and Louisiana style seafood stew.  lasagna, California rolls, peeled shrimp, and a little salad...the healthy part.  I had lemon meringue pie, key lime cheesecake, and a mini eclair. Me: Okay, I'm full.The second funny thing was this little kid kept running around the buffet line and the manager chasing him down to scold his parents.  The last funny thing is the woman who took her sweet time and had to make everything neat on her plate.Because the Fremont Hotel is part of the Sam Boyd Chain, the meal cost us $6 each.  Not a bad deal.  We then slowly walked out to Fremont Street to watch the Experience.  It was a fun evening with the parents.
4	Well, it's not quite as cheap as it used to be, but you can't complain about $60 for a family of four with this kind of variety.   We were just so totally full of everything you can imagine, from crab legs to California "sushi" rolls.   And god there were some pigs in there.   I watched one dude literally take the entire plate of sushi rolls (like about 30 pieces) and I was thinking like "Dude, WTF!"    Hahah!     I hope he ate all of that.   I did keep watching him and he was making very good progress.   At least he BETTER have eaten all of it after making everyone else wait for more.   I accidentally hit some lady in the head with a flying crab leg.  When I was cracking it, the thing slipped out of my hand, flew clean over the next table and hit some lady right in the noggin.   That was so embarrassing and while I am sure the people had to have noticed, they were polite and acted like nothing happened.    So what happens next?   My brother does the same thing, flying crab leg right into a mans lap at the table next to us.   That one did spurn a dirty look.   We are not normally that sloppy, we were just having an off day.   :)  You can expect a line here, our wait was about 20 minute yet very well worth it.
3	20 dollar cab ride from strip. what the eff why is downtown vegas so far?um walking through the casino is just depressing. but trekked through it to find a brunch buffet with endless champagne for 10.99. that ended at 3 yes. 10.99 but expect 10.99 you will get champagne and orange juice separately - so get creative on how you build your mimosas. stay a while- enjoy the flowing champagne and feel the age around you......
2	When was the last time I was in Vegas? Yesterday!  Had dinner in the Paradise Buffet in the Fremont Hotel.  Cheap eats caught my attention.  Buffet with NY Steak cooked to order.  Hey, why not!  6:30pm and there just a couple people ahead of me to pay before entering.  It felt like I was lining up on the cafeteria line back in the days of elementary school.  But can't go wrong with a $26 dinner for two.  Endulge....all you can eat!  Went straight for the roast beef roast and mash potatoes.  Not bad.  They advertised sushi but it was only limited to tuna rolls (small strand of tuna surrounded with rice and wrapped in seaweed) - California rolls (Not good at all) - Somesorta roll (didn't know what it was but didn't take anyway and the shrimp nigiri.  Overall selection was not good for sushi.  New York Steak - 6 oz Grilled to medium rare.  The chef cooking it was more entertaining than the steak.   Crab legs were good.  Not the biggest but they were good.  The selections were good for the price.  Gotta love the soft serve ice cream.  This was not bad tasting considering I've tried some that just tasted like frozen milk.  I was too stuffed that I didn't get to try the Tacos, duck, and hot food items.  Salad bar was decent.  Dessert selection was okay with the different pies and cakes.  And the slices were sizely okay.  If you want to stuff yourself with a budget......go.  Don't expect much from though and you'll enjoy the experience.  The filipino servers were on top of their service with following up on drink re-fills even though I didn't need one, pre-bussing and extra napkins.  Would I go back?  Maybe not considering I have to experience all the other buffets in Vegas.
3	I LOVE buffets, but this buffet failed to win my heart. This buffet and I, we are just friends and nothing more. I visit it sometimes when I'm in town, but other than that, out of sight, out of mind. It's like that certain friend you sometimes feel obligated to hang out with just because you're "friends."  Food was nothing spectacular. It was the usual buffet-type food, a little of this, a little of that. I love raw oysters, but the oysters here were just okay. They were still attached to the shells so I had to rip them off with a fork. The crab legs were good though. The decor was interesting. It was somewhat dark, but also quite cozy. The servers were great. They were always coming by, taking away plates and handing out more napkins. Okay food, good prices, good service. Oh Paradise Buffet, I really did wished our friendship could become something more, but it can't. It's not you, it's me. I just deserve something better. I hope you'll understand.
3	$12.99 for a Vegas buffet isn't bad, and that's exactly what this one is... not bad.  It's also not great.  The salad bar has about 10 choices for veggies, imitation bacon bits, and only a few choices for dressing.  Friday night was cooked to order steak night and the steak was cooked perfectly (I think the steak chef was Kevin... Nice work) and whatever cut that was passed because of the seasonings and I assume meat tenderizer applied well in advance.Fried chicken was tasty, baked potato bar had the same imitation bits, and the asian ribs were ok.  You get more than what you pay for, but that's not saying much compared to some of the other places in town.  If you are downtown and hungry, you won't leave unhappy, but you won't be wowed either.
3	The buffet I recommend is the Friday night seafood which is $16.99+tax drink included.  It has all the stuff you'd expect of a downtown Vegas buffet including shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon, snow crab legs, half shell oysters, prime rib, etc etc etc.. (prime rib was overcooked and tough so make sure you look at the color and how many strokes it takes the carver to cut your slice).  Good salad bar.  Desserts are okay.Food taste and quality is definitely 3 stars but overall it is a good deal and has lots of selections.  In my opinion having fancy seafood is not an indication of culinary skill, though it is a must have for a buffet of this caliber.  (It isn't hard to thaw a couple cases of precooked split crab legs or to blanch and shock a couple hundred pounds of shrimp in a steam kettle for shrimp cocktail.)  Ambiance is festive and fun, but verges on tacky with its plastic flower tropical theme.  Its a turn and burn buffet so don't expect much service so i'm not going to even rate that aspect here.If you're hungry on a Friday night and happen to be checking the FSE out, definitely stop by and try it out!
4	UPDATE 2013This place is still great and has become a Las Vegas tradition for my friends and I. We stop here every time our trip coincides with one of the seafood nights (Tuesday and Friday). The soup of the day rotates and it is always a special treat when it is the clam chowder. The cold seafood continues to be the highlight of this buffet although the hot foods have gotten slightly better (although not enough yet to make this a 5 star buffet even at the very affordable price). We have turned many of our friends onto this place and the 11pm closing time is great for our friends that drive in from Southern California after work on Fridays. On our last trip, the crab legs were no longer split. I prefer them split as it makes them easier to eat, but I know others feel unsplit crab legs retain their taste better. The biggest surprise was that they now have added snow crab claws. They were delicious despite being a little hard to eat (although once you learn the trick they're easier to eat than snow crab legs even with the harder shell)._______________________________________________________________This was the surprise of my last trip. I really wasn't expecting much since you never really hear about any downtown buffets outside of the one at the Fremont's sister property: Main Street Station. Well, we were hungry and the seafood fantasy night sounded good so we decided to give it a shot. The room it is served in might be described as tacky by some, but I really like it. It has that old school feel. This is actually where Trent and Mikey ended up eating after losing all their money in Swingers. That movie does not come close to capturing the feel of this room. Plus the service was pretty good. The main draws of seafood fantasy night are the snow crab legs (split for easier eating), oysters, and peel and eat shrimp. The crab was pretty good. The shrimp tasted good too, but they were seasoned and I would have preferred them unseasoned. The oysters were awesome. I ate about a dozen and my friend had 2 dozen. I'm sure others in the buffet had more. These oysters were small, but tasted good and fresh. They were as good as any other oysters I've ever had; just smaller. I usually am weary of buffet oysters, even the Rio's famous seafood buffet has terrible oysters, but these were good. They also have a small sushi section which was pretty basic shrimp nigiri and California roll variations. I'm surprised they didn't have more variety. They also have a clam chowder that no one notices because they put it next to the honeydew melon. I had actually finished eating and wanted to get a few pieces of melon for dessert when I noticed it and got a bowl. The chowder is very good. My friend said it was the best thing at the buffet. He ended up skipping dessert and eating another bowl of the chowder. Actually, instead of using the little chowder bowls, he grabbed an ice cream sundae bowl from the dessert station and got himself a huge bowl of clam chowder.The other items in the buffet are also mostly seafood. Nothing really stood out except for the trout which was very good. Some of the items were a little on the dry side such as the lasagna that had almost no ricotta and the seafood enchiladas. I would have preferred it if they kept more of their regular dishes instead of doing so many seafood dishes on seafood fantasy night. I like a little turf with my surf and the only items that weren't seafood, bread, or vegetables were the meats at the carving station and the fried chicken.All in all, I was really impressed by the quality and price.
3	This place popped my Vegas buffet cherry. And it was a pretty sweet first time. We were all dying of starvation and heard about the awesome buffets on Fremont street, so we chanced it on the Deuce to see what we could find. We picked the Fremont Casino because let's face it, we were on Fremont street and it was poetic. Here we got the champagne brunch and I do believe it was $11.80 with tax. Other people here are saying like $7 but I didn't see that at all, maybe I was too smitten with the words "champagne brunch." I worked on stocking up for the apocalypse at this buffet. I think I had bacon, sausage, eggs, waffles, french toast, and some fresh fruit for breakfast. After that we digested for a few minutes then I had prime rib, mashed potatoes and gravy and then some ice cream for dessert. Impossible? I think not. The french toast was surprisingly good and the sausage was awesome too. Another big plus was the mashed potatoes and gravy, I know I shouldn't fill up on carbs at a buffet but they were SO GOOD! And let's face it, I got my money's worth any way you slice it. They came around for drinks and I decided to make my own mimosa, ordering orange juice and champagne. I emptied my champagne into my OJ and then when I came back from the buffet again there was more champagne in my glass! Thank-you champagne fairy! The atmosphere was dark and just funny. It's being paradise and all it was tons of fake plants, but it was so great for a Vegas buffet. We didn't regret our choice at all and we could barley walk when we left. And yes, I would consider that a glowing review lol.Side note: After rewatching Swingers, yes, this IS the place where Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau go to eat breakfast at the beginning of the movie. If that doesn't sell you, I dunno what does!
5	dude, i love this place. we always eat here because we always stay at fremont, and while the hotel is nothing to rave about, the paradise cafe totally IS. i love this place more than the other cafes in vegas because they have these chill, really attentive hawaiian women working there and i swear, i see the same ones every year when I'm there. so they must be pretty damn happy to work there, which makes me happy to eat there. additionally, the food is really good and cheap. i always only order breakfast, so if the buffet sucks i'm sorry, but the chicken fried steak and eggs, or protcho and eggs, or NY steak and eggs.... ALL G. and the best part?? their TOAST!! a good toast with my breakfast really makes me happy
4	As far as second-tier buffets go, this one is pretty damn good. Of course, you will not be getting the gourmet food that is at the Wynn or the Bellagio, but for $11.99, this buffet is seriously not bad.  They even have a seafood section with crab legs!!!We came here for Sunday Brunch and so there was breakfast and lunch foods.  I like this place because you can either order off the cafe menu if you don't feel like buffet, OR you can get buffet.  Most of our group went with the buffet but I ordered off the menu.  I can still rate the buffet though, because I pretty much ordered my BF around and ate half of his food. hahaha.  Biscuits & gravy...YUM....the bacon was YUM...the cornbeef hash was YUMMMM.   I ended up ordering the oxtail soup (where my hawaiians at?) which is SOOOOO good here.  Better than at the other downtown hotels.
4	This place was so awesome for what it was worth. $11.99 for champagne buffet brunch!?!? AND If you have the Hawaiian coupon I think the meal is a dollar or two Unreal. It was great too b/c you can order menu items or get the buffet. .  Your choice which was perfect for our table. I of course got the buffet.  $11.99 and you serve:- Lox and Cream Cheese- Prime Rib- Crab Legs- Shrimp- Lamb-Eggs made to order- and some bomb ass GumboNot to mention the small cup of champagne that got refilled about 4 times. We usually go to the Market at the Cal but Fremont's Paradise Buffet and Cafe definitely has a one up.
4	Probably closer to 3.5 stars than 4, but the price was right and a 2-for-1 coupon sweetened the deal.Our champagne brunch was quite nice. We each asked for orange juice with an extra glass so we could mix our own mimosas, and the drink waitress looked surprised but complied. The orange juice was great and fresh tasting, so the mimosas were a highlight.The prime rib was good. The delicious Korean chicken was the best thing I tried. The lamb was only okay. I didn't much care for the stone crab claws (my least favorite kind of crab). The peel-and-eat shrimp was very pleasantly spiced, another winner. The seafood bisque was okay; the soup itself was good but the plentiful seafood was not very appealing and brought it down a notch. (Fake crab, a few tasteless scallops, and tiny shrimp that didn't seem to make any difference other than to give you something to chew.)The hash -- apparently a big favorite of Hawaiians -- was only adequate, straight from the can and heated the bare minimum. The sausage was okay. The bacon was the best bet among the breakfast meats; but if you like your bacon crisp, you won't like it. The array of lox and fixin's for bagels looked pretty good, but we didn't try it. The pecan sticky rolls looked marvelous but were unfortunately disappointing. If you like oatmeal, there is a great selection of toppings. There was the usual huge array of buffet desserts.There's a nice selection of flavored syrups for dressing up your coffee, but instead I added whipped cream. Delicious.
2	Tropical themed restaurant.  Been here for buffets which were decent.  Wanting to avoid the long buffet line, we opted to be seated for the cafe.  Getting seats for 6 seemed to be a challenge.  We were directed to the back and was told someone would be waiting for us to seat us.  Alas, no one was so we just seated ourselves.  What appeared to be confusion as another server asked us if we were supposed to be seated there or not.  Turns out, it was the right place.  Anyway, we waited....hmmmm... quite a while.  It seemed longer withTWO antsy toddlers who weren't shy about declaring their state of hunger.  The waiter hurriedly walked by and said he'd be right there.  He appeared to be on the verge of a hissy fit.   We waited AGAIN even longer.  Finally, annoyed with the wait since we had just arrived to Vegas after roadtripping 5 hours, I walked over to the waiter station and asked for someone to bring us drinks.  A minute later, our huffy server shows up with no greeting and asks us for our drink order.  We were already ready to order.  Again,  another long wait.  I looked at my watch and noticed it's been over 20 minutes with NO DRINKS!  This has been my worst experience at the Fremont Hotel.  Again, I walked over to the wait station and asked for assistance. About another few minutes go by and then our drinks arrive.  No apology or explanation about the delay.  Then our food arrives.  Now, the food was ok.  The American cuisine was pretty good.   But how do you screw up a patty melt or fried saimin noodles anyway? The Asian iterations could have been better.  The Korean ribs were not authentic.  Ok,if you like your bbq really sweet or never had true Korean marinated ribs.  We noticed patrons who arrived long after us who already received their drinks and their food arrived at about the same time as ours.  NICE....While we were finishing up our food, the server tells us he's going on a break and that "so and so" would take care of us.  Well it was a while before we saw this person since usually, we're introduced to the new server.Anyway, this new server couldnt have been nicer.  She had a friendly disposition and almost simulataneously, hubby and I exclaimed we should have had her as our server plus our original server was going on a break?   It appeared he went on a break while we waited for our drinks.  Funny thing is, we devoured our food and was out of there so soon after we received our entrees.   The new server was more empathatic and tried to explain how slammed they were with a new cook and that the previous patrons gave our server a difficult time.  My point was that it doesnt take THAT long to bring drinks and explain the situation.  Plus, why are we being punished because of other high maintenance sh**heads!!!  If the food was really crappy, I would give 1 star but the buffets I've experienced in the past were decent.  At the rate we were going, we could have just waited for the buffet...it may have been faster!
2	I didn't have any coupons so paid 7.49 plus tax for this place.  I was pretty happy until I went to Main Street Cafe and paid 7.99 for three times the variety of food.  However, if you gots the coupon, then Paradise might be your bet.  I could really only find chicken worth eating...oh and a few items from the dessert area.
3	I came here during the Thanksgiving Holiday. Had a steak with the buffet....the steak was good. the buffet was ok.
2	I honestly had high hopes for this buffet, I don't know why. We went here twice, once for breakfast & once for a lunch (it was comped, I wouldn't have paid to eat here a second time).It was gross. The eggs were gross, the sausages were OKAY, but really greasy. The french toast was harder than a.. I don't know, it was HARD and barely edible.The desserts were overprocessed cafeteria food, I'm sure you can find better in an old folks home.For lunch I tried the lemon chicken and chinese food - and lemon chicken tasted lemony, but had too much batter. I tried a few other items like meatloaf and macaroni and cheese and it was way overdone.I guess people that don't really know better or what good food is thinks this place is okay.
1	It's cheap. That's about the only desirable thing about this buffet. Most of the food is heated and served straight out of the freezer. There were many things about this place that made it feel unsanitary. The waiter was awful and didn't even know the drink choices, I had to use the same fork for dinner & desert. And all the deserts are soggy or bland. They made sushi with American white rice and 'steak night' was overcooked frozen strip steak. Save your money & buy a deep fried Oreo at Nathan's inside the Mermaid Hotel.
5	We went here twice while on our vacation. Once for a weekday breakfast and once for the champagne brunch. Both times were excellent but we will make it a point to hit the champagne brunch next year as there was more selection.What can I say...the service was EXCELLENT....the food was well cooked and kept very fresh...there is an omelet station and I had eggs over medium cooked there and they were perfect...the fruit is so fresh and beautifully presented...lots of variety. Oh, and the ultimate for me...fresh brewed tea!!! Thought I had died and gone to heaven. :)I noticed a woman doing paperwork at a table and learned she was a manager. I made a point of going to her and telling her what a wonderful meal we'd just  had. I am a shy person (well, until you get to know me and then I'll talk your ear off) so this was a rarity but I thought kudos were well deserved. Honestly, this is not just a vacationer spot...if I lived in Vegas I would go out of my way for the brunch.
4	I came here for steak night and it was great. However the lines are long. The rest of food, I don't remember because I mostly ate steaks. I would come here again just for Steak Night.
2	Pros:Inexpensive.Nice decor.LOTS of Shrimp.Better than the majority of the ungodly terrible buffets of Fremont St.There's never much of a line.Cons:The room is weird, why are the buffet and cafe attached?There really isn't ever a whole lot going on. Very average, traditional American food. I would have at least expected some Hawaiian offerings seeing how popular the place is with Hawaiians.I would only recommend this buffet if you had an insatiable taste for something overwhelmingly average. If not, you can do much better.
3	Here's my recipe for a perfect Vegas trip: Three parts obscenely cheap to one part ludicrously expensive. The $10.99 champagne brunch at Paradise Buffet is the perfect flavor for the obscenely cheap part of that recipe. Are there even cheaper brunch buffets to be found in the City of Sin? I'm sure there are, but this is the perfect three star buffet for me. For the most part, it's what you'd expect from an $11 buffet - some of the stuff sucks, some of it is okay, the bacon was dishearteningly bad, but the prime rib was surprisingly delicious. They do tout themselves as a "seafood" buffet, but... that seafood wasn't looking too hot, so I stuck to the carving station.And, of course it wouldn't be called a champagne brunch without the champagne.... that they bring to you in these awesome plastic champagne glasses (not flutes, but the older saucer lookin' ones). And, boy do they keep it comin'.... and comin'... and comin'. It's not one of those places that proudly declares endless champagne and then a waitress is nowhere to be found. No sir. You'll be lucky if you EVER see the bottom of that little plastic champagne glass here.All of this in the lush, dark, tropical setting of The Paradise Buffet. A-OK through and through.
5	Ok, if you're traveling with Vacations Hawaii, you know that they give you meal coupons.  You can use them here.  And go on Tuesday when it's SEAFOOD BUFFET NIGHT!  With your coupon, you'll pay 6$ and it's all you can eat SEAFOOD!  They've got shrimp cocktail, shucked raw oysters, a variety of fried dishes (shrimps, oysters, etc), broiled fishes, and best of all CRAB LEGS!  These crab legs are cracked open for you already so you don't have to work hard to eat them.  You can pile your plate high with awesome peeled open crab and eat to your hearts content all for the low price of 6$ if you've got that coupon.  Pretty epic.  I was pleased.
5	This review is ONLY for their oxtail soup.My husband is from Hawaii, so when we're in Vegas, he always craves the oxtail soup because only Vegas does oxtail soup like Hawaii. We can't find good ones in LA. He doesn't really eat rice and watch his diet, but man, when it comes to his oxtail soup, he just devours that soup and finishes his rice brutally. That how good it is!!!
2	This buffet took me back to the 80's and not in a good way. I was having flashback of the Golden Girls. The place seriously hasn't been remodeled since then. I went there late at night and my husband and I were both drunk and usually everything tastes great when we are drunk but not this time. My husband ended up eating a plate of mashed potatoes because he said he used to love the mashed potatoes that they served in high school and these reminded him of them. I ate two plates full of overly cooked, dried out prime rib. I think I'll just grab a hotdog the next time I am downtown.
5	My husband and I agree, best buffet Downtown! The hotel is crap, but the buffet is great!  The cafe is just as good if you don't want to do the "buffet thing". BLT is to die for! Make sure you make a stop here to eat while you are experiencing Freemont Street! http://www.fremontcasino.com/dining/paradise-buffet-and-cafeThumbs up!
4	Very good Vegas buffet! Wednesday night = all you can eat steaks....and the steaks are good! I highly recommend this buffet if you are staying downtown and you're really hungry!
3	I checked Vegas review and decided to try this brunch buffet on Sunday. It is about 15 min driving on I-15 from where I stayed. The hotel only has valet parking. The buffet area is decorated like tropical rain forest, though a bit dark. Crowded in the late morning. Food was not bad but not that impressive either. The waiter was okay but kind of slow for my table (just myself, so didn't get his attention too much). I liked the sausage they have. It reminded me of my childhood. If you want to experience Fremont, this place is a choice. After brunch, I played slot machine at their casino. I was lucky enough to get my money back :)
2	This is an okay buffet.  The breakfast brunch offers a variety of breakfast and lunch options.  Eggs cooked to order, fresh carved meats and a sanwhich bar are nice options.  The mexican meat pie is pretty gross.  The crab claws and peel and eat shrimp could be better quality.  I tried the lox last time and coudn't swallow one bite.  With that being said, the local options of rice, corned beef hash and portuguese sausage are great.  The korean chicken is good.  My mom loved the fried chicken.  There is a nice blend of American and island options.  Overall not bad for the price.  If you are from the islands or receive specials from the hotel (or the chain) you get good discounts and coupons... which is why we are regulars here.
3	Really 2.5 starsI went on a Tuesday evening, for the seafood buffet. $19.99/personPros: snow crabs legs are pre-cut to allow easy eating. Service was good. Plates were whisked away and drinks refilled rapidly. Selection of seafood items was surprisingly broad.Oysters, peel and eat shrimp, cocktail shrimp, scampi, fried shrimp, fried calamari, cioppino, crawfish, smoked and prepared salmon, tilapia, mahi mahi, trout, mussels, maki, and sushi, maybe more I'm forgettingCons: most items were just good or ok. Nothing was great and a couple of things ( scampi and cocktail shrimp ) were yuck. Desserts uninspired complete with soggy canoli. Smoky atmosphere bothered my asthma, but this is Vegas, so that isn't a fair complaint.If you are down here and you love crab as I do, its worth coming here and eating for the price. Don't expect to be blown away, but you can find something you enjoy eating and get your money's worth.
4	As I wandered Fremont looking for a BLT, I finally found the Paradise Buffet/Cafe sign which had a BLT on the cafe menu. What I did not expect after being seated was to be blindsided by SAIMIN on the menu.  Yay!Disclaimer: I am a white girl from Oregon who is no saimin connoisseur, but I have had what is billed as excellent, authentic  saimin before.  This stuff is not the caliber of Hamura's on Kauai, but for what I expected from seedy Fremont, it's not bad!  The pork is a little well done and it's heavy on bok choy, but the flavor is good.  For $5.89 in Vegas, I'm not complaining.
2	After wisely choosing the Golden Nugget Buffet I went by this buffet to see what they were offering and it was pretty pedestrian wt cold cuts, meat loaf and the likes for lunch @ $10.The Mexican selection looked very interesting wt both beef and shreded chicken to make tacos and the deserts section looked like it offered coconut cream pi,. albiet the frozen version out of a box. So based on that I cant rule out at least trying it once sometime in the near future because of its proximity to where I live.Overall though, the Chinese Place I reviewed here still has the #1 spot based on decent food at a good LUNCH value. $5 for a decent chinese buffet Rocks!!
3	My wife, Aunt, and I decided to try out the Paradise buffet in the Fremont Casino.  It was seafood night.Fortunately enough, my aunt went there first and waited in line.  By the time we walked in, she had already gotten us the table.  As you walk into the Buffet, the lighting is a bit dim and dark.  However, you can see and navigate.  The atmosphere is laid out like a safari or jungle.  Imagine the RainForest restaurant with no animals.  Unless, you think the large buffet people are hippos, elephants, or tigers grazing on the buffets...hee hee...The wait staff was not that great.  For some reason, it looked like the casino has cut back on staff.  As a result, the service was a bit too slow for my taste.  Also, some of the utensils (i.e. crab breakers/nut crackers) were not available.  Need to stock up people!As for the food, I headed straight to the king crab claws and was sorely disappointed, they were a bit frail and thin.  boo hoo... shrimp was okay... and I don't want to really talk about the oysters.  Let's say this, one look at the oysters and I had to sadly walk away.  It was puny and a bit too old for me.  On the flip side, they had a great pasta layout.  But, it was the various "creole" sauce that stood out for me.  They had a clam sauce, a shrimp etoufee creole sauce, and another light creole flavor sauce.  It was pretty good.  The salad bar was okay.  However, the desserts and the fruits were very sweet and good.Overall, the price per person is about $18 on seafood night.  If it was not for the creole sauce, this place would have received a lower rating... honestly, Asia buffet is still hands down my favorite... Cheers
3	This buffet is in the Fremont. I went to the breakfast buffet. It's about the same size as the Cal except that it had an omelet  station. the food was ok. No Portuguese sausage served here surprisingly. The food was ok but I like the Cal or Main Street breakfast buffet better. The servers were friendly and they give discount for having a players card. I'll try lunch or dinner next time and update my review...  ^_^*~
2	Instead of LUNCH, I hit this buffet up for dinner mainly because they offered sushi.The decor is dark wt mirrored walls but nice enough with big plush comfortable booths wt strong direct lighting on the table good for reading a paper.I hit up the sushi bar first and the rolls are large cuts and limited to cali, tuna & some mystery roll (?) the wasabi was dry and had very little kick at all. I accompanied the rolls wt peel & eat garlic shrimp that had been cooked then iced down and it had a mushy texture wasnt very nice at all. The crab salad was tasty enough and helped make the roll a little better. Overall a big disappointment.Next up was the Mexican station and I made a plate of "Super Nachos" wt a bed of crispy chips wt a hearty spoonful of pulled pork, ground beef and pulled chicken in a tomato sauce & added guacamole, some refried beans, mexican rice and sour cream. I ended up  adding some much needed salt & mixing it all up and it was better tasting than when I was picking at the individual sections. This was better than the limited & lame sushi station. I had also got a pc of fried chicken and it turned out to be on the cold side and I stopped eating it.Next up was the chinese station  offering 3 or so dishes of Beef Brocoli, chicken in some sauce wt thick cut onions & peppers. I tried both combining them and it was OK. There was some Lo mein and Chines noodles I passed on and NO spring rolls.Last up was desert and the selections seemed many and looked quite good. I tried the Coconut cream pia wt some soft serve ice cream and it was good enough to have 2 pcs. There was more cream than coconut filling but at least the crust was good.This was kind of pricey coming in at around $17 and not really worth it at considered the lacking quality and offerings. I might add that this night I went was "Prime Rib" night and while I didnt try any, it looked OK.I doubt I will be going back if I'm in the area and will stick wt the Golden Nugget over The Freemont as the quality was in line wt the price.
1	Now I'm not a buffet kind of person, but I wound up here this evening. Now why people would go here baffles me. The servers in the front are rude. No hello, hi, please, thank you, or you're welcomes from the lady Shirley. I felt like I was in a cattle herd waiting in the line and getting my way to the front. Lucky for me I had great company so I put up with it.We got seated and went up to the buffet. This was the smallest buffet selection I have ever seen. (which I guess could be good because the food was awful.) I took a little bit of the buttered noodles which were so hard and crispy. nothing like a flimsy noodle should be. The beef in the asian dishes was extra chewy. I sampled some of the taco meat, mexican rice, and beans mixed all together on my plate and got a piece of plastic in my mouth. yes, you read right. PLASTIC in my food. I was instantly turned off from anything else. In order to please my party I ate a slice of pineapple, some cottage cheese, and the wimpy salad bar. As for dessert in the ice cream section they give you warm bowls. it melted my poor vanilla ice cream into soup.This place just left me disgusted and sick to my stomach. That is hard to do but they sure did it.Thanks paradise buffet. I will not be returning and you can keep your plastic with your rude employee's.
3	3.5 stars.A buffet is a quintessential Vegas experience, and as someone who isn't a huge fan of buffets, I think Paradise is a good spot to come for lunch. It's under $10 with tax, server (for drinks) was friendly, and the food was pretty decent.Started off with a huge salad which is kind of hard to mess up. Onto the entrees, the food seemed fresh and was kept nice and hot. Loved the teryaki chicken with white rice and steamed pork buns (although the paper on the pork buns stuck to the bottom so that was a bit of a challenge). Waffle fries were good and crispy but not that hot. Soft service ice cream for dessert with all the sundae fixings was also yummy!
4	Tuesday Seafood Night for $17.99 is a steal in Las Vegas.  My family piled our plates high with Snow crab legs, shrimp, and oysters. mMmMmmm... But not every night is Seafood night so here's the schedule! Paradise Buffet Dinner SchedulePrime Rib Night $13.99*Sunday, Monday and Thursday: 4:00pm - 10:00pm      Seafood Fantasy $17.99*Tuesday: 4:00pm - 10:00pm and Friday 4:00pm - 11:00pm      Steak Night $13.99*  Wednesday: 4:00pm - 10:00pm and Saturday, 4:00pm - 11:00pm     Though it is buffet, the service is excellent, so tip well! :)
4	Don't be fooled by the false and negative reviews on this place. I've eaten here twice and will constantly go back.I enjoy buffets immensly. I think it's the idea that I can keep going back to try many things all for one price and I know that that's why I enjoy The Paradise Buffet so much.First of all, the place is dirt cheap, even by Vegas standards. 8 dollars for lunch anywhere is pretty good, but in Sin City, it's an outright steal. Plus, it's cheaper than Hometown Buffet, slightly more gourmet, and best of all, void of annoying children running around eating nothing but jello and pudding.While the selection is a little on the low side, the food is actually quite good. The roast beef was rare and flavorful, the mashed potatoes were thick and fluffy, the salad bar was full of green, fresh lettuce and a great variety of toppings for it. They even have an option for your own burgers and hot dogs. The atmosphere is defiantly jaded (but so is most of old town Vegas) and yes the waiters/waitresses seem to be on the tired side, but those are things I can easily overlook when it comes to cheap, tasty buffets. You can spend 35 dollars on a buffet at the Wynn or you can drive 5 minutes up to Fremont and have lunch for next to nothing...and keep all that extra money to win big on their cheap tables.
1	If I could give this place a negative 5 stars, I would.  First, we were treated like cattle to get into the place.  Once we got in (after paying 90 bucks for my family if 5) we were told we would have to sit at seperate tables even though they had empty ones situated right next to each other.  When we politely asked if we could move them together they looked at us like we were lunatics.  Out of about 50 choices I could choke down a salad and their pepper beef.  Golden Corral or Hometown Buffet is about 100 times better, and they suck too.  If you still choose to eat here after reading this review why don't you walk around the back of any restaurant and eat directly out of the trash bin because that is where you belong, you tasteless idiot.  Did I mention that I DESPISE the servers, cooks, food, decor, location of this place yet...????By the way, any one who gave this place more than two stars on Yelp should be ridiculed and banned from giving their opinion.  They can't be sane.
2	This is one of those buffets akin to Ryan's or Golden Corral where everyone at the table kinda stares at their "food" and then one another like "This is probably a baaad idea...". One of those where you're genuinely concerned about what the aftermath will be. The only saving grace is that I didn't turn up with food poisoning.I don't get how this place got so many good reviews. I would definitely not recommend going on seafood night - it's more expensive and the selection is a joke. I could probably list on 2 hands the variety of items offered.The sushi was not sushi. It was a shitload of rice surrounding unidentifiable gray stuff. That's not an exagerration for comedic purposes.The peel & eat shrimp were small and flavorless. The shrimp with shells on were seasoned and actually really tasty but messy. The crab legs were typical buffet crab legs.Aside from the seafood, they had mushy spaghetti, cold bread, old veggies and some very unattractive looking meat specimens.The desserts were a joke.Pay the extra money and head to the Bellagio buffet. This place was sickening.
2	Horrible food. Pretty good service. Cheap.
2	Blah, that's my impression. Been here a few times when family comes in from Hawaii, they get coupons to eat here, so we will come along. Today, it was very bland, nothing stood out as exceptional and everything seemed to taste the same. I don't know if it was me, but I didn't want to go back for more. The quality has certain gone down hill.
5	A gem!  Good food friendly staff clean place
4	Definitely worth it. Went on Sea food night. And from how the cashier put it 85% of the buffet is Seafood lol. Its delicious. The server is on point and keeps your table cleared and drinks replenished. The stations are well stocked and when it gets low they quickly top it off. Whether it be the salad station or anything else. The peel and eat shrimp was good. I didnt have crab legs but they were split in half and looked kind of small. Roast beef was delicious and have no complaints. Between this or Golden Nugget from what i read about their buffet i would save a few bucks and come here.
1	I came while in Vegas, and this remains the worst service I have ever received in any type of Restaurant. Me and my fiancee were quickly seated and told to go ahead. We waited around for a bit for our waitress to take our drink order, after a few minutes, we decided to go get food. Got back with plate number 1, which was pretty small. Still no waitress or water on the table. 1/3 way through plate one, I ask a hostess for water, she tells me waitress will be there soon, but she's really busy.....A minute or two later a waitress checks in on the table RIGHT next to me and asks if they need anything else and she starts to walk away..I flag her down and ask her for water, she said no, I'm not in her section and your waitress was very busy but would be there shortly.Few more minutes go by and yet another hostess walks by, and I again plead for a glass of water. She stops, picks up the receipt, and says "you haven't even been here that long, your waitress will be here soon." She proceeds to go stand by the podium and do nothing. I finish plate and go grab another. Pretty annoyed. I get back and yet another employee walks by and again, I plead for a glass of water. I'm now nearing the point of just standing and up and screaming can I get a fucking glass of water. The employee says he can't get me water, but will go get my server. FINALLY my server comes over, no apology for the wait, no nothing..just a glare at me and "what do you want?"I wanted to say, I'd like to eat at a place where the servers aren't bitches, but requested a water and juice. A glass of water was thrown down and juice was served.Food was marginal. The cook at the omelet bar was friendly, but that was it.Avoid this dump.
2	We came here on Prime Rib night and I will say that the Prime Rib was good, however I would have enjoyed it more if I could enjoy some side dishes with it. If you come on Prime Rib night I recommend just eating the Prime Rib. The carrots tasted like they were over cooked and underdone at the same time. I suspect they were previously frozen, which is not a big deal as long as they are cooked in a way where you can't tell. The sushi was terrible because rice was mushy. The Parmesan cheese they had was really weird and when I put it on my pasta it gave it a weird granulated texture. It is hard for me to describe the Parmesan cheese's weird flavor, but the color was off because it was pure white, maybe it was fat free?  The servers were really nice and very attentive. Our drinks were refilled consistently and they were very polite and friendly. I also really liked the ambiance, so it is a shame the food disappointed me so much.
3	If you take a plate of breakfast potatoes, au gratin potatoes, and vegetable chow mein, then you cover the whole thing in melted  butter, what do you get?  You get the reason why the terrorists hate America... The place was clean, the service was decent, and the food choices was what I expected for a downtown LV casino buffet: ordinary and plentiful.But the large vat of melted butter?  You can put that sh*t on everything!
3	My friends and I wanted a big meal before hitting the road back home after a weekend in Vegas, and someone suggested the Fremont's buffet, so we gave it a shot.  About 12 bucks gets you as much average tasting food as you can eat.  There were a ton of pictures of foods that weren't actually in the buffet setup anywhere, but they had everything from seafood to breakfast standards.  I helped myself to some scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, bacon, and waffles.  Servers come by and take your drink orders as well.Not outstanding by any means necessary, but not bad either.
4	I came here for the prime rib, it was decent. Overall food was good, seasoned just right. Buffet had a decent selection of food. Try the carrot cake with ice cream. Service was good, liked the decor of restaurant. I would definetly come back again and recomend this place
1	Worst buffet downtown besides Golden Nugget. Everything out of a box and as low quality as you can get. Oysters were stuck to the shell. Very old and smelled. Don't eat them. Better yet, stay away. Go to Main Street Station and the 777 Brew Pub.
4	Not a bad buffet to try in D Town LV. There`s typically a line to get in but the line moves relatively fast.  All you can eat seafood (I.e. Various types of fish cooked diff styles, crab legs, smoked salmon, shrimp,fresh and fried oysters, calamari,  steamed blue crabs, steak, turkey, seafood pastas  and soups etc)friendly servers too
4	Some buddies and I came here when we had some downtime from work. Going to a place on Fremont Street is much cheaper than most places on the strip, and Paradise is no different.For three of us, the total came to less than $40 including drinks. Many buffets on the strip are $25-$35 per person. Now, the buffet wasn't as huge as some of those on the strip, but it had plenty of options.The night we went was prime rib night. They also had whole chickens and turkeys available as well (slices, that is...you don't get a whole turkey for yourself you fat bastard). The salad and dessert bar is sufficient.Maybe you like to have choices of foods from around the world (which usually means burritos, some sushi, pasta and some sweet and sour chicken) and don't mind paying three times as much for it. I am not one of those people.
3	For only $13.99 with your B Connected card, this buffet is freaking cheap!  Wednesday & Saturday = Steak Night $13.99Sunday, Monday, & Thursday = Prime Rib Night $17.99Tuesday & Friday = Seafood Fantasy $13.99*These prices all take the B Connected card into account.  If you don't have one it will be $1 more.I came on a Wednesday which was a Steak Night.  I love meat and the steaks are freshly grilled and seasoned the way you like it.  I really don't know what cut of meat it is but it is pretty good.  Don't expect gourmet steaks but it's fun!  The grill master was super kind and remembered that I like it medium rare when I went to get my second steak haha.  The meat itself is pretty thin so that they can cook faster.The fried chicken was surprisingly good!  It was juicy on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  I also liked the potato bar... cheese, chives, butter, and sour cream.  Fatty style.The desserts were not impressive.  They had a lot of choices to choose from... cheesecake, pineapple upside down cake, custard pie... but none of them were that great.  I just stuck with the vanilla soft serve and oreo chunks.Service was great.  Our drinks were always refilled before they reached the bottom.  I haven't had the Seafood Fantasy or the Prime Rib, but I would probably choose another buffet for that type of food.  Steak night is fun though!  Try it out if you are in downtown and want a $14 buffet.
3	The Paradise Buffet is a nice small, inexpensive buffet on Fremont Street at the Fremont Hotel & Casino. I was not very impressed with the decor. It is like sitting in the middle of a jungle. It is quite bright in a colorful way. A bit on the gaudy side to me. But I look forward to going back again. There are a few things there that make me say that. First of all was the service. I sat down and within moments someone came by to take my drink order. When I sat back down after getting my first plate my beverage was there and the glass never went empty. I don't mean that I didn't drink much. I mean that before my glass went empty each time a new glass was brought to may table. Every time I finished a plate, cup, or bowl within moments of me setting it aside it was whisked away. I am very surprised that for a small hotel buffet the service ranks as high as some high priced restaurants I have been in.Another thing that surprised me was the quality of the food. I was not expecting such good food. The buffet is not very big but what they have is big on flavor. The roast beef was succulent and had a flavor that lets you know what a good beef tastes like. It was also very low in the fat department. I have been to some places where their beef was fatty and just ruined the meat. The Mexican lasagna was one of the best low cost dishes I have ever had. I am quite impressed with the food quality. I do see myself going back again.
1	Ok I honestly dont know what people are eating there but this place is not good at all. We went there mainly because of the reviews here. First of all I asked for a med rare cut of the prime rib but the whole thing was cooked well done throughout. I figured since it might have been an old piece so I went back when they put out a new one and asked for another med rare piece. The carver was trying to show the person there where to cut for the raw slice and when he cut it down the middle it was well done again. Chicken was dry, pasta was soggy, and nothing looked appealing. The waiters were all rude and mumbled throughout the time we were there. The jungle atmosphere wasn't attractive either. Yes the buffet is cheap but expect less than what you're paying for.
4	First off, you can't be comparing this seafood buffet to the twice the price ones.  This seafood buffet has many selections of seafood.  I really like the snow crab as it has been cut in half so there is no shucking to do.  I usually get my fill of this & then go to the warm station for fried squid, oysters, shrimp.  There is also grilled salmon and mahi mahi.  For the price of 17.99 the foods tastes good, the atmosphere is great,  reminiscent of old Vegas, and the waiters are excellent.  We pay with our points & it is a really enjoyable evening out.
3	So my friends and I were a little off the strip to check out the amazing Golden Nugget pool, and we came across this buffet.We came on a Saturday night, which was like steak night? I ended up paying ~$20 for dinner-- which wasn't bad.The interior was like a dark rain forrest. I guess that was the theme?As for the food, it was decent. It wasn't the besttttest, but it was good. I really enjoyed how the chef cooked their steaks -- on the spot! However, if you like it medium-- GO FOR MEDIUM RARE, just because they tend to overcook it. The sushi selection was limited, BOO TO THAT. As for the rest, it was alright. I did enjoy the PECAN PIE DESSERT -- AHHHH HEAVEN. There was also KING CRAB LEGS AND FRESH OYSTERS. So yay for that. Oh, and they also have smoked salmon-- which was fairly interesting.As for the service, it was decent; however, I did not enjoy when the waitress took my plate FULL OF KING CRAB LEGS, that wasn't touched :( What a waste of food. Oh, and there were these little flies that were constantly around my plate, which is why I marked one star down. I was definitely a little irritated with these flies-- hopefully they fix this insect problem!Overall, it was a decent buffet. I wouldn't mind coming back if I was in the area.Turn Ons:-STEAK!-PECAN PIE!Turn Offs:-Small flies were always around my plate.
4	Went to the breakfast buffet on 2/28.  We had the 2 for 1 coupon so you can't beat that.  The food was good and we had a really nice waitress. My only complaint, the cashier was very unfriendly. She made me feel like having the coupons was more work for her.  But other then that, we enjoyed it.
1	Horrible!! We went there because the dining options downtown are slim. Everything was cold and poor selections. I got a plate of food I thought was edible and got back to the table. Couldn't get anything down! Went back to the the line and asked for a refund. It took almost as long for the manager to come as it did for me to try to find something to eat in that dump. He gave us a refund without any questions or apologies. While I was waiting for him to come, I was talking with one of the girls that sets the customers. She asked me why I wanted a refund, I told her the food sucks and everything is cold. She said oh, I've never eaten here. Well there you go!
1	Wow.  Worst dining experience I've had since a little buffet in Louisiana.  Terrible old and dingy decor.  Our seats and tables were basically hosed down. It was all wet from someone "cleaning" it.  The buffet was scary and I thought I may get food poisoning, so I stayed away from all mayonnaise concoctions.  Prime rib was a dark brown - totally overcooked.  The condiments for baked potatoes were set-up before the utensils, not after the baked potatoes - so I had to go in reverse in the buffet.  Most of the selections were meat.  The salad bar, ugh...The vanilla ice cream was out and there was an array of drip bowls for dripping machine.  The shrimp were a strange orangey brown color and cocktail sauce was drizzled all over the bar.  There was a mess of serving spoons everywhere. The chicken was good.  But I picked a hair out of it. not even a decent dessert could appear here. My silverware was sticky to start.  The chocolate cake tasted like a recycled HoHo.  The whole experience was simply awful. At $36.00 for two people, it's not even a deal.  I am convinced all the other buffets on town ship their week old leftovers here to serve.I feel bad for posting this because some of the servers were very sweet people and I can't imagine having to show up here everyday.  OMG.  Just an awful experience.*  after reading some of these 3 - 4 - 5 star reviews, I'm really worried for some of my fellow Yelpers.  This place is dangerous.  I'd rather hand over my life savings to a drunk leprechaun dancing naked on a roulette table at O'Shea's than ever set foot NEAR this place again.
1	it was a brunch and it was taste less and it made me a little sich so not a fan wont be back!
1	lets start with you get what you pay for...... the fremont advertises all the great food they have in their various restarants however they dont tell you where it is... so we thought we were going to a prime rib buffet which wasnt the case..... we were sat... the waiter/helper of the drinks... whatever you want to call him, obviously hated life.... I can live with that.... the food.... yeah ayce sushi... dryed out... the crab legs, too small to even get meat out of. The crab claws? overcooked to the point the meat was more like leather. The oysters? too small to eat.. The enchiladas? stoffers does better, HOWEVER the self serve Ice cream was ok :)
1	I have eaten here in the past and the crab legs were pretty good, Well I guess they have gotten cheap and replaced the normal crab legs with a blue crab (idk) It was horrible horrible horrible. I felt totally taken advantage of. The rest of the food was not that good either, bland, no taste and just plain nasty. Fruit Flies every where, you could hardly enjoy your food even if you did like the food. I normally don't go this far with reviews, but this was just horrible. I know it's a buffet but that does not mean you have to serve the poorest quality of food. Oh and to top it all of I have been double charged......for this horrible meal. Believe me I won't be back!!!Oh...and I think it's time for a upgrade..this place looks old and outdated.So disappointed...but at least our server was nice and attentive.
4	Killer food. I only had one dish out of about 12 things I tried that I didn't like.
2	Small buffet...  It had nacho/taco station, cold cut sandwich station, cold crab claws (not legs), prime rib, dinner sausage, small salad bar, 1 type of soup, fried chicken, rice (white and fried), dessert island, fish, and a few other things.  It was dingy and old.  The wait staff was nice.  $13.99 per person.  My dad like the prime rib; personally, nothing stood out.
3	As far as Buffets go, it was decent. I've had better and I've had worse (Imperial Palace). Nothing about this buffet really stands out. The food selection was plentiful, but the quality of food could have been better. The lighting was really dark, which I didn't like. The wait staff were friendly and attentive.
1	Not worth it.  Rubbery pancakes.  Potatoes taste ... Strange.   Only thing that was decent was the prime rib.
2	Me and my boyfriend were visiting Fremont street and got hungry.  We had been spending ridiculous amount of money on strip food so this place seemed like a real bargain.  I kinda liked the decor.  It was an 80's jungle theme.  Our server was very nice and attentive. Most of the food was not very good.  I got quite a few items that I only took 1 or 2 bites of. I think it's funny that they advertised it was a steak dinner buffet and what they served was thin strips of  carne asada.  It was still yummy though.  Just not what I picture when I think of steak.  To get full I had to make 10 trips to the carving station, they are very stingy with the meat. Bottom line- I didn't get sick, I got full and it was really cheap. Would I go back? No.
4	This restaurant, located inside the Fremont, on "Fremont Street Experience", has something for everyone...The tropical decor is all inclusive.....I went on "Steak Night"...so in addition to sampling Seafood, Tex-Mex,Italian,"All-American", and the salad bar, I had to have a New York Steak...medium -well....and for dessert, Carrot Cake..wow....gotta go here when in Downtown Las Vegas....
3	You can get a 2 for 1 coupon online which would make it well worth the trip. However I paid full price ($15) and was rather disappointed with what was available. At that price point I get alot more seafood selection and better quality sushi at a place back home.I stopped by since they advertised fresh sushi for the dinner and the sushi was not very fresh at all. The rice was slimy and they packed a ton of rice with a small amount of fish. The selection of rolls was pretty pitiful - they had tuna rolls, shrimp nigiri and a roll with seawood inside.I went on a Sunday night which was "prime rib" night. The prime rib was tender and they had all the condiments you would want with it (parmasean, horseradish, etc) which was good.I loved their Mexican section. They had some mildly spiced carne asada with fresh cilantro as well as guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, lettuce and more. I was able to make an awesome taco salad.
5	Great weekend brunch for just over $10 a person. Crab claws, lox, prime rib, and champagne make this our go to place to cure our hangovers.
2	This is a tough review for me to write.  The food was mediocre, which come on, is what you expect on a buffet, and if that were the sum of my experience at the buffet, I would have given the Paradise Buffet more stars.  However, I am 99% sure I had some bad oysters on the buffet.  Which, shame on me, I live in Louisiana so have no business eating oysters in the middle of the desert 1500 miles from The Gulf. So, that was a downer.But, I'm a lover of kitsch. And the Paradise Buffet has this in spades, in an un-ironic, before the hipsters took over sort of way.  The dining room looks like it is a leftover set from The Golden Girls, but with more tropical floral patterns and crystal chandeliers. Now the food itself.  I went to the Seafood Spectacular, or whatever it's called, and  had a coupon.  There were piles of seafood in every direction.  And they split the crab legs for you because as Americans, that's something we can't even do anymore.  And like I said, aside from the suspected bad oysters, it was all mediocre, so just kind of meh.If you're set on having seafood, you could do worse.  But, if you're just looking for cheap eats, head across the street to The Four Queens and chow down on the $8.95 Prime Rib Dinner, which was actually very good.Viva Las Vegas!
4	The food there was pretty good. My parents and I went for lunch while we were visiting Las Vegas. The lunch price isn't bad at all and they have quite a bit to offer such as a salad bar, meats, cuisines from all over the world and a dessert bar. But for some reason, this buffet has waiters that bring your beverage rather than having their own beverage bar, kinda funny, but this place is good. I like to dine there again whenever I go back to Vegas.
4	I've come here twice now and if you're eating in downtown you're not going to be expecting the BEST quality you'll find on the strip. Saturday nights are AYCE Steak night and at least you can get them cooked to order. They've also got crab claws but seems to still be defrosting and other variety of discount buffet foods from roast beef to stale baos.
5	My review only concerns the Saturday Champagne Brunch we went to today Saturday 9/29. The wait time in line to the cashier is good! Unlike Palms or M they move their line & seat guests promptly. The one who seated us was a little gruff, we requested a booth & she said we are busy take what we have, but she quickly led us to a booth of which they have plenty. The champagne was free flowing, the server was attentive. They have stone crab claws & peel & eat shrimp & the prime rib was delicious. Good salad & dessert selections too. For the $11.99 price each with B card can't be beat. Highly recommend
4	Great variety of food.  The price was reasonable, definitely plan on going back!
1	Extremely disappointed. Enough said.
2	This is the cheapest buffet that I considered in Vegas, but you get what you pay for. Plus, parking is only free if you get a validation, so remember to save your receipt.Granted, this place is in the Fremont Casino on Fremont, instead of south on the strip with the better and higher end casinos. I figure that is why this place is cheaper, but the food was not that good and the dining area could have used a good remodeling. Basically, this is in an older casino in the older part of Vegas that is last on the list of where tourists visit.I also do not recommend getting there at the cut-off point between breakfast and lunch, because there is a several-minute delay in when the lunch items are brought out. When we went there to pay, we were told that we had 2 minutes left in the breakfast buffet and if we paid for that, then breakfast items would be cleared soon and we could not get any of the lunch items. And so we opted for the lunch buffet. Really, is the food police going to care whether I grab breakfast or lunch items?I went ahead and grabbed a few breakfast items anyway, such as pancakes, bacon, and country-fried potatoes. The bacon had little to no taste, but the pancakes and potatoes were pretty decent. Then when some lunch items came out, I helped myself to those. The best thing there was the chicken breast.Service is practically non-existent, and we ended up having to grab our own silverware and condiments. At least they took away dirty plates in a timely manner.This buffet may be cheap and the best in the Fremont area, but that does not factor the strip into account. Next time I would pay the extra few bucks somewhere down south.
4	Ok So I was in Vegas - I like the Buffet -
1	I came here for dinner, and like what many other reviewers said, you get what you pay for here. The casino has a lot of advertising that boasts all you can eat prime rib and etc. After paying and getting seated for dinner I saw that prime rib is the only thing people were standing in line for at the service stations - and with GOOD reason. The bf grabbed some sushi which I was too scared to try. I touched the rice with my finger and it was a sticky, rubber like consistency - a sign of bad rice. I didn't even want to try that. I grabbed some mashed potatoes, prime rib, sweet yams with marshmallow and bean soup. Everything except for the prime rib has the consistency of mush as it had been sitting on the hot plate for a long time. The bean soup tasted really terrible and left an aftertaste in my mouth. The prime rib was the only attraction here as the meat was juicy and decent for the price paid for the buffet. People were like vultures waiting for the prime rib and I had two people cut in front of me as we were waiting for it to come out of the oven. It's obvious that people come here to eat plates and plates of this meat. Save up some money and pay for a better buffet elsewhere.
2	OK, you are in Fremont Street and you want to try some good ole fashion Vegas eatery at some insanely low price.  So what attracts the eye as you stroll down through the casinos? All You Can Eat Prime Rib Buffet for $13.00.  Now if that doesn't get your juices pumping I don't now what does.  SO with that said, A group of us went there to give it a shot as we were clueless as to what else we want to try and figured the buffet would give us some options.  We walked into the line and there were quite a few people ahead of us (good sign right?).  The food there definitely matched the price we paid for it.  Now I am not the one to judge solely on a few items and by looks alone so I decided to try at least one thing from each section.  First the good part: the Prime Rib was pretty tasty.  Not the best Prime Rib, but hey, I can't complain at this point.  It was definitely was savory and I was lucky enough to get it fresh when it came out.  If you decide to eat here just load up on this, you'll be happy...trust me.  The desserts were the next highlight.  The soft serve ice cream rivals that you get from a Souplantation with minimal toppings (fudge, nuts, strawberry in thick fruit sauce) but you can't really mess up when it comes to ice cream.  The bad part: The sushi can definitely be skipped at this place.  I normally don't have high hopes for sushi at buffets but this one is nestled right next to the soft serve ice cream dispenser and cakes.  Again minimal selection and the the rice that was used was spongy.  I mean..i can take a little stale, but this just felt like I was eating something artificial.  The rest of the food was below par (tried the fish, chicken, chow mien, and yams)....cannot comment on how it all tastes cause it was all just pretty much the same consistency as everything else.  If you are looking to save a few bucks, get some steak, and maybe load up on juices I'd say you can come here.  But for me, I think I'll spend a little more time trying to find a better eat in the Fremont Experience.
3	It's a Hawaiian theme here without getting laid. At least in my experience. Every buffet in LV will have specials, themes, parties, etc so try checking the website or call in. There are people who absolutely love seafood night so that's why I'm saying. I'm not particular but was there for seafood night. It's people mad dashing the crab legs section and putting as many legs as possible on their plates. I had one crab leg but I don't have the love of crab legs enough for me to wrestle with it and pulling out a few chunks of meat for me to go back. It's a great buffet if you're in the Freemont section. I'd go back for sure. Do me a favor. Don't ride the zip line if you're feeling queasy. I don't want yack on me as you fly through the air over the hoards of drunks. Thanks.
2	The thing I love about Vegas is for the price of a appetizer you can eat at a buffet.  Paradise Buffet, located in the Freemont Casino, is your stereotypical cheap Vegas buffet with tons of food items but lacking in qualityParking:Parking available in the Freemont Casino.  Atmosphere:Kinda tacky. Think of dark rain forest, mirrors and green vinyl booths. All that and a big buffet.   I'm pretty sure this restaurant was featured in "Swingers" as the place the guys got dinner after they lost the money at the tables.Service:This restaurant is both a Buffet and standard restaurant service.  For the handful of times I've been service has been fine without complaints. For both the Buffet and standard service waiters have been attentive and fast. If you have any problems its just getting into the place where if you go buffet you pre pay.Cost:So for the Buffet it ranges from $7-8(breakfast & lunch) to $20(Tues night Seafood).  For the most part the standard buffet you're going to get your money worth for $14 although for Seafood night you could do better.  For standard restaurant service  most food ranges from $6-11 so depending on what time you go and what you want to eat it might be a better deal just to get the buffet.Food:Like many Las Vegas buffets the food is just alright.  Well at least nobody ever got sick when they were with me.   I think the weekend breakfast brunch was my most favorite just do selection.  The times I've been the dessert selection was rather good.Conclusion:Paradise Buffet is just your typical Vegas cheap buffet. Nothing amazing but your also not breaking the bank to get some food.  It's a bit tacky but if you get by that then its definitely worth it for breakfast or lunch(weekdays)
2	Meh is right.  Although the price is low, it is barely edible.  The cold cuts and salad bar are downright gross.  There is very limited choice, maybe 9 dishes plus a carving station, small salad and cold cut bar, nachos, and a make your own burger and hot dog station.  This would be a great idea if the dogs and burgers were made fresh for you but instead they sit rotting in a warmer and are always over cooked and rubbery.  I have yet to get a fresh roll here.  Their specialty dishes are usually good however and I enjoy their fried chicken even though it may have come from the smallest bird ever and the staff behind the counter don't seem to care that I want a thigh and look at me like I am crazy.  My former boss used to take me here every now and then or I would have never gone back.If you like cheap buffets, this is one but for the same price Red Rock has much better food and more quantity.
5	went there in june 2012 the food was great and plentiful. the crab legs were always restocked and fresh. been here a few times since 2010 and will come back again when i'm in vegas. i've been to the buffet at the aria and this one is much better variety and flavor wise.
3	Well.... Where to start???? I was on Fremont street for the Year of the snake celebration events and I was hungry.... I took a walk from the stage and found myself lost in a different time zone.... Did I fall through a time rift that brought me back to the early 80's hmmmm...... I like the music and the TV shows were great but I digress.No time rift no alternate universe on Fremont Street.... Nope I was in the Paradise Buffet... A look back into a culinary error (sorry mean to say ERA) that has long past on the Vegas strip but is alive and well in on Fremont Street. Atmosphere- Interesting if you like that vintage diner feel... (yes plastic flowers and all)Service- Great!!! Our server was right there as soon as I put down my fork or hit the bottom of my glass with the the following line " Go get some more" and "Let me refill that for you" The Hawaiian shirts and the flowers in the hair I guess you can compare to "flare" that you see at other restaurants but it just fit right in with everything else. Food- Ummm hmmmmm well It was ummm homey and not in a bad way the items on the buffet were ALL very identifiable from the iceberg lettuce salad (really) to the cold cuts (really really) to the make your own taco station. You knew what you were getting yourself into from a culinary standpoint and did not have to ask any question about what an item was. More then likely you have had it a few nights ago for dinner. All in all great place to sit relax and enjoy some comfort buffet food that you WONT see on the Vegas strip... ANYWHERE and that is not a bad thing.
1	Most of the food is inedible. Best things were fried chicken and prime rib
5	Its ALL ABOUT THE CRAB LEGS. I live in vegas so I go here all the time.The crab legs are to die for.  I just load up on the crab legs and eat till I almost puke, they are SO GOOD.Best crab legs ever.I don't even bother with anything else.And I love the old-school, dark, south pacific vibe.  Its so fun.My favorite buffet ever.
2	Ok been waiting to get home to write this.Me and my wife and youngest daughter were staying at the Fremont Hotel and decided on eating there as well.  We went down stairs and walked into the Paradise Buffet, my wife asked the cashier how much for my 6 year old and she informed her it would be full price, without my wife even asking the cashier took it upon herself to waive the cost for my daughter, all 36lbs of her.  She even cleared it with a male manager.We proceeded to be seated close to the buffet which was nice since I was hobbling already from over doing it walking on the strip earlier that evening.  As soon as our waiter came by he asked about drinks I told him 3, he asked how many we're eating and I again said 3.  He looked at the receipt and noticed we payed for 2.  I told him what the cashier had done and he said ok and walked away.5 minutes later a female manager walked over and told me we would have to pay the $17.99 for my daughter to eat.  I said I would talk to my wife and we would handle it, she said ok and left.  Our waiter, who clearly must have ownership in the buffet came by again and was looking for the receipt that we paid for my daughter, I told him we had not yet, at that time my wife came to the table and informed him that the male manager had approved it, our waiter/owner said the manager has no right to approve, such a drain on the business and cash income of such a struggling establishment, ok he just said the manager had no right to approve that.So now our appetite is ruined, we are pissed and I want to kill our self important arrogant bastard of a waiter.  But after he and his favorite manager went and spoke with the original manager, who apparently COULD approve such a thing, they dropped it and left us alone.The food was ok, not great.  The service was ..... Well let's just say this, never never never never again.
2	Meh is the correct. We went here because we saw all the signs for the seafood and whatnot. UGH. Wrong choice there. First let me start with the fact that the entrance to buffet is also right next to the entrances for the bathrooms. Lovely smell there. The hostess was nice. The server...well she pretty much ignored us until I actually had to flag her down to re-fill our water. The food...you get what you pay for. The "seafood" that was on all the signs consisted of just shrimp. I could not find these Crab Legs everyone is talking about. Also the shrimp was DIRTY!!! Like DIrty!!! Like they hadn't been de-vained right. My boyfriend and I decided to stick to the fried foods just to be safe. I mean....it pretty much reminded me of like a Hometown Buffet or something. Not what you would except to find in Vegas. We tried it. We didn't like it. We won't be back.
5	we went here last year on our trip to vegas. we were staying at treasure island and we decided to check out the older vegas and for the price under 10 bucks you cant beat it with a stick. its simple buffet nothing fancy like ti's but it reminds you of what vegas was like in the movies! were going back rhis may and cant wait to come here to eat and shop on fremont street
2	I like this place cause I used to go here as a kid with my family. I remember liking the Crab Leg night, but I went back recently on a regular night and it felt kind of sad. The sushi was terrible. I liked the mashed potatoes and the cream sauce chicken, that's about it. The waiters are terribly slow, too!
2	We came here because we were on Fremont Street and we were hungry and there's a sign outside the Fremont Casino advertising the "biggest and best" buffet on Fremont Street.  If this is the biggest and the best I would truly hate to see the others.  We were here on "steak night."  Price was $14.99/person.  I think you get a $1 discount if you have a players card for the casino.I should probably preface this review by saying we ate at Bacchanal a couple days prior to eating here at the Paradise buffet.  I knew we would not get the same quality of food as at Bacchanal, but good lord... The salad bar was kind of gross.  Their "fresh meats and cheeses" section was packaged lunch meat and Kraft singles (probably generic, not even Kraft).  I am not kidding.  The hot food section was... limited.  I think there were maybe 10 food choices total with a meat carving section in the center.  One of the meats available was ham.  They had a maybe 2" thick end piece of a ham sitting there that was dry and crusty.  They never replaced it the whole time we were there (which, granted, was not long) and it never got smaller, which means no one else was foolish enough to ask for any either.Being that it was steak night we expected to see steaks.  Well, there were some very thin cuts of steak being grilled.  They ask how you want yours cooked but there's really no point - the meat is so thin they're all well done.  As far as the other hot food went, the only 2 things I actually enjoyed were a baked potato and a fried chicken leg, neither of which was worth $14.99.  They had a porkchop dish that was downright disgusting.  I did find a basket of nacho chips and a pot of scalding hot cheese sauce.  These were edible and I did like the fact that the chips were thick.  I saw some sushi but didn't get anywhere near it.Dessert... only the sugar free items were labeled so we took a couple of things back to our table to try (hoping to figure out what they were).  We tried two different pies that had absolutely no flavor, a piece of chocolate cake that was kinda rubbery, and a slice of cheesecake that my husband deemed "ok."  We left the desserts on the plates with small bites out of them.  As I was walking through the restaurant I noticed several other tables with plates of desserts on them that looked exactly like ours.  The service was just ok - we had to wait a while for someone to come take our drink order but our plates were always cleared promptly.Bottom line, pay more for a better buffet on the strip.  I wouldn't come back here, even if it was free.
5	Actually this is the best buffet with the unbeatable price of $ 9.72 for a large variety of food in Las Vegas.
5	Exceptional Tropical Garden like experience.... loved it !! visited with my whole family... they have a palatable selection of American comfort food, Italian , Mexican food. Nice steak and pork ribs... a great selection of deserts.... salads... overall it is very reasonably priced too. Walk outside ... and you get the amazing Fremont Street experience... what else do you need !!
2	We were in Vegas back in April and decided to hit this buffet for their seafood night, specifically the crab legs.Being from Seattle, I should have known better.Skinny, overcooked snow crab legs with very little meat.  And if you're not going to provide any crab cracking utensils, at least score the shells!  And since they were overcooked, nearly impossible to remove from the shells.  I hate wasting anything that comes from a living creature but I didn't have much choice.  Rest of the food was bland and boring - no better than Old Country Buffet, but at twice the price.I see that Brent H.'s review below raves about the crab legs, but clearly you've never had fresh Pacific NW dungeness crab - you'd forget all about these skinny little critters.  I guess I'm spoiled, so I won't be going back to this buffet.
5	Great food. Great price. But most of all, it's all about Ramon. If you go, make sure you ask to sit in his station. He's the best!
2	Very blah! Not worth it.
2	I've never really had a good experience with buffets. Paradise Buffet and Cafe Restaurant reminded me why I avoid them.Yes, it's Vegas. Yes, they are known for world-class food and excellent buffets. Just remember that NONE of them are located in Downtown Las Vegas. The establishment is located in the Fremont casino. It's large and maze-y with roomy booths. The decor isn't vintage; it looks like a 1980s highschool set for Wizard of Oz. There's alot of green.First off, our waitress didn't know what half-and-half was when we requested it with coffee. She kept pointing to the french vanilla creamer already on the table. I already had a feeling I wasn't going to like this place....They had a decent variety of food from American hot-dogs and patties wading in gray, hot water to Italian pasta, dried out from the hot lamps to "Chinese" stir-fry that could rival any MacCormack seasoning packet available at most grocery stores. I opted for jambalaya, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and beef roast from the carving station. I've never had jambalaya before (at this point) so wasn't sure what to expect; it tasted okay:lots of sausage and my friend told me it tasted like it came from a can. Can you go wrong with mashed potatoes? Yes, even Paradise can! When I attempted to add butter to the flavorless mash, I could only find margarine...Ugh, isn't anything real here? Not too surprising, after all, they didn't have half-and-half... Everything ersatz! Fresh fruit and a piece of apple pie for dessert. Pretty sad when the fruit was the best part of the meal. Lunch buffet cost about $9. A bargain, one might say, for a "Vegas" buffet. All the strip buffets were starting around $30.There's a reason why the restrooms are located at the exit of the restaurant with large, brightly-lit signs. Now, I love food, and if that food disagrees with my digestion but it tastes delicious, I'm willing to give a little leeway. When I eat a less than mediocre meal and additionally have the inconvenience and discomfort of immediately needing a restroom, I am not a happy camper. In toto, six out of our group of eight ended up in the restroom. The women's bathroom was clean, however, the males in our group recounted a disgusting state of the men's restroom.Why 2 stars in stead of 1? Although the entire experience was sub-par, there is a possibility our 6 days of Vegas binging finally caught up to us and contributed to our sickened state. Even without sickness, not worth $9.
3	This is a nice and affordable buffet located in the fremont casino. They have crab legs, crawfish, peeled shrimp, plus several hot dishes for your enjoyment. I don't remember having anything really great, but nothing was bad either. It was under $25, even less with our VIP card. Overall it was a good deal. Even though it's not an extravagant buffet on the strip, it's a great place to get full and enjoy eating with friends. The staff was friendly, and the wait was not long. Both pluses. They also have a full bar which is a big plus!
1	Gross! Reminded me of school cafeteria food. I had to get full off of mashed potatoes and gravy. My husband could only eat the french fries and bacon. Honestly the worst food that I have had in Vegas so far.Plus side is-its cheap. You get what you pay for.
2	You definitely get what you pay for. Even tho we paid the same price here as we did at the Paris buffet last night, the food was dismal. The fresh omelette station was a good addition, but nothing else was worth it. Prime rib was disappointing, if I have to be nice. I mean, all the other prepared foods I can understand...but HOW DO YOU MESS UP SOFT SERVE???!!! Even that sucked...
1	The Paradise was always a "must do" while staying downtown. Loved the food, the garish tropical decore, and the limitless champagne served during weekend brunch.  And the price was outstanding! Please be sure to note the use of past tense in each of the preceeding statements.  Over the past few years, the quality and service has declined dramatically.  Last visit, the food was on par with the slop they served at the old Imperial Palace barffet and the wait staff couldn't be bothered.  Save yourself the trouble, and go to the Garden Court Buffet at Mainstreet Station.
3	I stopped by here this past Saturday night with my fiance for dinner.  According to the menus that were hung everywhere in the casino that meant that it was prime rib night which I was eagerly looking to.  I also noticed on a ton of signs that is was the largest buffet on Fremont Street which is interesting since the Golden Nuggets the next morning seemed bigger.  As we were walking into the buffet I was quickly reminded of some Rain Forrest cafes that I had been to.  It had those large palm trees as well as some other lush tropical looking plants.The food at this buffet was just ok.  It actually reminded me quite a bit of the Golden Corral, lots there but no quality to it.  Yes there were peel and eat shrimp and crab legs but they were fairly meager which I guess is indicative of the price here.  They are had a random collection of other ethnic foods including a taco bar, sushi and random Chinese food.  Finally the prime rib.  What can I say about the prime rib?  Was it really prime rib or was it another cut of a tougher meat?  I have never had prime rib with the amount of connective tissue that was in some of the pieces of meat that I had here.  With that being said I really enjoyed the Cajun-esque seasoning that they put on it and I went back for more 3 separate times.  The desserts were really where this place shines as there were a ton of them and what I had was pretty good.  I ended up having key lime pie sans the crust and some carrot cake and both we pretty tasty.The bottom line for me is that I might stop by here again in the future.  It's not the worst buffet that you can get downtown but its not the best either. I guess it all depends on what you want your price point to be and what kind of quality you want in your food.
4	It's  very unfair to rate this place 3 stars.  First, there are so many buffets in Vegas.  Second, downtown buffets are different from those on the Strip.  Next there are stand alone buffet restaurants.  You would not compare a BMW 7 series with the 5 series and conclude that the 5 sires is substandard.That said, Paradise buffet deserve a 4.5 stars in its own class: downtown and price.  In my opinion, it's the best.  If you are willing to drive to downtown, this is the place to have buffet.  Parking can be a little difficult but  you can find a parking structure with 4 hours validation in the casino.  With price conscious people, every dollar counts.  This buffet offers many varieties:  mainstream American: meat and potatoes, Italian: pizza, pasta, Mexican: enchilada, taco, Asian: sushi, fried rice, etc.  They are all good, not exceptional.  Oh, dessert is also good.  Service is efficient.  Walk out to the bar right outside and get a $1.00 beer .  Bring it in.  The price for the buffet depends on theme night: Friday for seafood, certain day for prime rib but regular night is around $12.00.  The wait depends on season and certain day and time.  You can call to check.  What else do you  want?
4	They have a seafood buffet on Tuesdays and Fridays, which worked out perfectly for us! My husband was in crawfish heaven, he said they were the best he'd ever had. They were enormous, the biggest we've seen. They also had steamed and chilled crab legs, lots of different fish, calamari (with a surprisingly delicious marinara sauce), and sushi.I docked a star because the dessert section is really small. There's tons of different kinds of pies, but not much else. There was one chocolate mousse thing that I enjoyed.
2	The steak served on steak night was way below average. The roast beef on the carving station was much better. Decent fried chicken and salad bar. Pretty much what you would expect from a typical buffet.
4	Alright those four stars are purely for the 40 champagne refills our servers didn't hesitate to dole out. Thank you, thank you, thank you- I truly appreciate a brunch buzz.  The food on the other had well what can you expect for 11 bucks all you can eat and chugg? They did have the coveted buffet crab legs and shrimp and salad bar. I didn't eat any red meats but the people I ate with seemed pleased. There was a sweet lookin omelette making station for those so inclined. Basically if your going for the champagne you'll be pleased.
4	The Paradise buffet offered a nice selection for the price at just $7.99 unless you have a players club card then you receive $1.00 discount. The venue sticks with the theme of its name and has a great tropical feel to it. I would highly recommend the omlet bar and fresh made pancakes. Both were delicious and they do have egg whites available for omlets.Our server was attentive and kept the table clear and the drinks coming.
2	I'm giving the Paradise Buffet an extra star, simply because it bludgeoned my friend's positivity until it was bruised plum purple. After a night of heavy imbibing and glass clinking abandon, we ended up here, in the early morning, with thoughts of fluffy flapjacks caroling in our mind. The buffet is relatively cheap - a few shillings and you're home safe - so we thought we would spin the bottle on this place. Immediately upon entering, the we noticed that most of the food was limp, lukewarm, devastatingly disappointing. My friend trudged and shuffled and bowed his head as if someone had just blindsided his soul. He compared the smells of this place to a a bleu cheese filled fish tank. While his statement was a hyperbole, it really didn't smell too appetizing. The lack of selections sent me into a frown-induced tailspin. Still, it's pretty funny to see your friends sink into a pit of despair at this place.
5	I read in a book "Prisoons: Prison Cartoons" that this was the best prime rib in Vegas and at an excellent price and I am so glad we came here. My girl and I loved it. Best deal in Las Vegas. Got full but still had a great time doing the Fremont Street Experience. Love this town.
2	We liked coming here for breakfasts but now its like they down graded. Soggy bacon sitting in oil & the Portuguese sausage in oil not that much selection now. I'll have to give it a 2 1/2 stars... Will have to stick to the main street buffet
2	My aunt and uncle came into town the other day, so I decided to take them sightseeing downtown! My uncle had to use the restroom, so we walked into the closest casino, which happened to be Fremont! When everyone was done using the restroom, my aunt saw the huge "Seafood Buffet" sign right outside of the restrooms, and that is how it began...It was a Friday night, which meant Seafood. The seafood buffet was $20.99 per person. We were all hungry, so we made the best of it! My friend and I had a strategy... and that strategy was to ONLY EAT SEAFOOD!The 2 stars for this review definitely goes to the Giant Crawfish! I HEART CRAWFISH! So... GUILTY, I had about 2-3 plates full of crawfish =X. There was also crab legs, which were alright, extremely small. I did enjoy the smoked salmon and fried oysters. The peeled shrimp on the other hand? They were BAD... They looked very dark, I did not even want to try them! The sushi was not good. The rice had seemed to harden from sitting in the open all day. Aside from the seafood, the rest of the food selection was very minimal.It was then time for dessert. Luckily they had banana cream pie! It wasn't the best, but it was okay.Overall, nothing too spectacular about this buffet. I don't think I'll be paying another $21 to eat here...
3	Fair price for the food. Of course it is not up to the standards of the top tier buffets at the premium strip hotels costing 3-4 times more money.I wanted lots of fruit for breakfast as I eat a plethora of beef the previous day. The breakfast buffet is a bargain. There was plenty of fruit but some of it not quite ripe, some was pretty good.  For the breakfast buffet, there is an omelet station and pastry case.There's the usual bacon, scrambled eggs, corn beef hash, pancakes, ham, waffles, cereal, sausage. They also include drinks of choice and I had orange juice, tomato juice and coffee... That alone would cost as much as the $8 I paid for the buffet at most restaurants. I had an omelet as well, so the buffet was a good value for me.If you want an egg white only omelet, you can get it here... Cannot comment on their lunch or dinner spreads/value.
4	Good selection of food for the prices. Everything tasted decent and the staff was very friendly. I have been to many buffets before and felt like I've wasted my money but I was satisfied after leaving here. I wouldn't mind coming again another time
3	We happened to stop in here on steak night.  We were pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews.  The person cooking the steaks cooked them to our specification.  Food was as good as any other buffet we had eaten and cost less than many of them.  Good selection in all areas.  We would definitely eat here again.
4	Simple AYCE eatery located inside The Fremont Hotel.Food is a basic buffet with an okay selection..great for the price but nothing too fancy.Tables are plentiful and clean.  Wait help is courteous and quick to refill your included drinks.Been here a few times and am always content when I leave.
2	Alright. Let's be real. The selection is nothing spectacular. A few meats, some sides, sushi, dessert. 98% sure the mashed potatoes were instant and marinara sauce was canned. The prime rib was dry as the damn desert. And wasn't all that great (keep in mind I'm a Nebraska guy, pretty picky about my beef)Waitress was nice. Decor outdated, which is to be expected in the older part of Vegas. But still. The ONLY reason it's getting two stars instead of one is because the waitress was sweet and attentive.
1	This buffet was pretty gross. Nothing seemed fresh, we didn't see our waiter at all from the time to hostess sat us, meaning no extra napkins or any beverages. The food looked as if it had been sitting there all day, and there was a weird looking film on all if the fruit. I wouldn't trust going there again, or recommend it at all. We should have just gone back to the Garden Court buffet at the station. Now that place is good!
2	If this is what paradise is like, I think I'll stick with normal life.The Paradise Buffet at the Flamingo Casino and Hotel is one of the most sorry excuses for a buffet and the second-worst buffet I have eaten at in Las Vegas.The buffet is hard to find, hard to get to, the selection is limited and the food just isn't good. While most buffets in Vegas pride themselves on seafood, the Paradise Buffet had very little of it.  The center portion of the buffet is dedicated to shrimp cocktail and crab legs, but unlike the Aria Buffet or other top venues, the crab legs are not cracked open. This buffet also has some sushi, but it is dry and had been sitting out for a while. The sushi selection was also very limited and was the worst I have had in Las Vegas.The rest of the buffet was nothing more than home cooked items like pot roast, macaroni and cheese, Caesar salad and boneless chicken. It was almost like an expensive, glorified Old Country Buffet. But at least with OCB, you didn't have to pay like $20.Of course, if you check-in on Foursquare you can save a few bucks on the buffet. But it is Vegas, and who wants to stand in line to save money on a buffet. Just put that five bucks into the machine instead and let it ride.Best bet: Skip this buffet and visit the Flamingo to just see the flamingos outside.
5	Let me explain why gave it 5 stars: after spending $100s of dollars at the strip for pretentious food, I was so relieved to pay $20 for all we could eat buffet food! I mean, you get what you pay for and noone is trying to say otherwise. Paradise wasn't pretending to be anything else than a cheap buffet on Fremont. THATs why I loved it. The decor was awesome too! I mean come-on, how often do you go into a restaurant and feel like you're back in the 60s or 70s or watching Casino! It was great.If you're pretentious and too "fancy" to eat in a place like this, than go to strip -its all good. Please don't get me wrong I have no problem spending money when the food is great but this time around we had so many misses and lots of expenditures that it was nice to not overpay for inexpensive food.
1	Not fresh, little variety, typical buffet cost for a dismal little meal.
2	Food is no. Better than a school cafeteria, bland,, typical cheap crap better to pay more.than come here
3	An inexpensive buffet to go to! It definitely is not the quality of Bellagio, Caesars, Wynn, etc., but it's a way to save money if you're willing to compromise quality. The one thing I do love is their breakfast buffet!!! I always get the omelette at the omelette bar. From that 1 omelette, you can already get your money's worth. Their fruit is always fresh and sweet! Their pancakes and belgian waffles were also amazing! Freshly made as well, so it's fluffy and soft :) Their dinner buffet; however, did not impress. I went on their Steak night and that was pretty good. Cooked to order however you would like. Got my money's worth on that. Their Chicken Marsala was also good; it wasn't dry...phewf! Those were the 2 things that stood out to me. Everything else was average. I didn't like their soft serve or froyo or whatever it was. It's more like ice milk? Also, if you want to do a la carte items, their Ox Tail Soup is really good and the portion is HUGE. Great flavors. When I got the saimen, it was soooo salty. I took out half the soup and added hot water. And even after adjusting the soup, I was soooo thirsty that night. I forgot who our server was, but she was so friendly! She has a very long braid with bangs I believe. Ramona? Bleh, I forgot, but I just wanted to mention her :)
4	Solid menu, descent quality, GREAT price! Loved the atmosphere, dim lighting, digging the paradise tropical theme:) The Food: they have make your own shrimp cocktail, fresh strawberries and bananas, bagels and lox. They had a bomb salad bar w this delish seafood salad! Hot Food: make your own thanksgiving dinner, egg omelette station, pancakes, french toast! Coffee and frozen yogurt w toppings and baked pastries! Fun date night get creative w your buffet! Definitely going back, next time we visit Vegas
3	Kinda like Home Town Buffet.15 a person on steak night. A dollar less with your club card. Not bad but not great.
4	There are lots of great places to eat in Las Vegas.  The Paradise Cafe had a $20 seafood buffet that many patrons seemed to be enjoying.  We decided to dine off the menu.  We're were promptly taken to our table and as I sat down I couldn't help noticing the empty soup bowls on the next table.  After a nice conversation with a young couple and their friend they highly recommended the Oxtail Soup.  They mentioned that often come to Paradise Cafe just for this soup.  I wasn't disappointed!  It was a hearty & delicious soup with a wonderful Filipino/Hawaiian flavor that satisfies the soul.  It's worth a try if you're in the Fremont district.
1	Oh wow, guess Thursday is a bad day. I paid for 5 over $82, I would not bring myself to eat. After looking at the poor quality of offerings and under ripe fruit I could not bring myself the stomach the from a can food. The prime rib is a joke, over cooked and thin sliced.  I know this place has some good reviews but I do not see it and for sure I will not taste it either.  I would suggest trying something else. I will say the glass of ice tea was good and cold.
5	I was in vegas for 5 days and ate here every day...thats how good it was! Price very reasonable. Food quality very good generally...with just a few misses, but thats what you get at a buffet. Seafood buffet is not to be missed, had it twice! Steak night...loved it! Ate at the breakfast buffet...cooked my omelet just like i wanted it and i am picky. Prime rib night was just ok. I ate at the Tony Roma's for prime rib and loved it. However, bottom line 5 stars.
3	I've been here a half dozen times or so, mostly because it's pretty inexpensive.  If you're looking to fill up after a long day of pressing the slot machine "spin" button, you should probably give it a shot.  The champagne brunch is worth the price, and the servers I've had have all been fast and generous with the mimosas.  There's probably not a single item on the buffet that you'll "need" to go back for, but as far as overall value for your dollar, it's hard to beat.  I'll go back.  More than once.
3	This buffet is ok. There are many choices to choose from but not as many as Garden Court buffet in Main Street Station. The setting has a "tropical island" theme. The only time thats worth coming here is their seafood night but then again what buffet doesn't have that. Its pretty straight forward food with asian, italian, and  the usual carving station. If you want a taste of old vegas, paradise buffet is for you.
4	Best buffet in Vegas?  Probably not, but a damn good value with pretty decent food.  We ate here a couple times - simply because we were gambling all night and got comped a lot. :)  BUT, we found the food to be quite tasty and the champagne made us feel like the high-rollers that we kinda were those nights...  It was a great feeling to cut in front of the line with our vouchers and go right in.  The prime rib was very good, but the ham was amazing.  It was fun to sample a little bit of everything, but it's hard to not keep ringing the prime rib bell when given the chance.  I didn't mess with the desserts much.  The fruit was fresh and had good flavor - something I always worry about with buffets.
3	Ate here twice for the breakfast buffet. The food was average at best but great for the price. Made to order eggs or omelettes were decent enough. Bacon was not crispy but that's my preference. Service was 4 star. If you're staying on Fremont then go for it.
2	I went to the champaign brunch both Saturday and Sunday. The food was your standard buffet affair... starches, starches and more starches, a bit of overcooked protein (ham, turkey and roast beef), and sugary deserts.The only saving grace was the champaign... and they were stingy with that.I ate alone the first day and I had to stare down the server to get a buzz. The second day I was with a friend who didn't drink so I was able to get my money's worth of grape by doubling up every refill.The older I get the more I realize that I'd rather just pay for a good meal than unlimited refills of a bad meal.So, bottom line, only go if you have a tea-totaling friend or desire diabetes within the course of a single meal.
4	We had been out the night before around Fremont Street, and the Paradise's greasy breakfast options hit the spot for the whole group (four of us).The lunch options didn't look as enticing as the breakfasts, but really, it's so hard to go wrong with breakfast. If this was more than $15 (for breakfast) I probably wouldn't return, but at $8-9 it's perfect.
4	This place is a CLASSIC! the interior - TIME MACHINE! Relax and enjoy a meal in the 1970's -  it's OLD SCHOOL! For TBG a MUST visit when in Vegas! Food is great - selection good -  price fair - staff friendly.price/dining experience ratio: Awesome!
3	I bookmarked this spot, because I read they had a decent buffet and for only $7.99, it was considered one of Vegas's best deals... That was then and this is now. I have no idea when that website was written, but we paid something along the lines of $12.99? I can't even remember. But it definitely wasn't $7.99. Anyway, it was still reasonable in our mind, so we walked in. BEWARE! They stop lunch service at 3 to set up for dinner at 4. I didn't know this, and we drove all the way from the Strip to try Paradise, so when I was turned down at 3:02pm, I gave them a small teensy tiny bitch fit. But only because I was standing right behind an older gentleman, who they let it at 3:01. If it was ok for him, it better be ok for us. And it was. They let us in and told us we had 15 mins to grab what we wanted and they were clearing out all the food. It was like Supermarket Sweep for us, we were given the green light, and packed two whole plates per person to make sure we got our fill. We ate and left full, and even with our late arrival, weren't the last ones out. A decent buffet for the price. They even had cocktail shrimp.
5	Really great food for the price . Totally old school Vegas prices . I was there on steak night . They had a cook grilling up steaks to order and they were very good. I was shocked to also find crab legs and sushi . The crab legs look small and you have to crack them yourself but they were juicy and amazing. I couldn't belive its only 15 dollars with players card . Way better then Bellaigo and half the cost .
1	Located in The Fremont Hotel Casino on Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas. I went for breakfast. I hate to give a bad review. One word Yikes!  The selection was scant. I had a danish, I am not saying it was stale, but I wanted dessert not a weapon. There is better and cheaper in Las Vegas. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Went here for breakfast. All was good except our server lady named Virgy. She had the worst service/people skills. But besides her terrible attitude the rest of the staff was nice and positive. We probably be coming back though.
1	Not that good and.for $19. Definitely not that good. Limited choices and generally just cheap food :( Langostine had no flavor at all, gumbo was blan, overcooked prime rib needed salt bad. Desserts were generic cake & pie. Paris had an Amazing buffet for $31. find a coupon and upgrade to WAY better food
5	This place was great!  food is really tasty and staff is very attentive. Ramon, whom we had the pleasure of serving us,  never let our champagne run dry!
4	Tasty buffet for only $16.20 total! A little outdated decor, but quick staff and really delicious American menu items. I will be returning :)
3	This breakfast buffet was priced very well here at the paradise buffet located in the Fremont hotel. Be sure to have your card to receive the discount. Food was your average breakfast buffet items, bacon, ham, eggs, waffles, biscuits and gravy an omelet station. I'd recommend this if you're really hungry. Service from our waitress was awesome. She was full of spunk called all of us in our party sweetheart hehe. Gotta Love it. Overall good service okay food.
1	Would prefer to give 0 stars.OMG. Awful. Just the saddest grouping of food for the saddest group of people.  Worst place we ate the entire week we were in Las Vegas.  Never, Never again.  We even promised each other never to speak of this!
5	This is not the most luxurious buffet in Las Vegas, but it definitely gives you the most bang for your buck! My husband and I were walking down Fremont Street, when we saw the sign with the prices for this buffet. They were definitely appetizing to our wallets, so we walked in to see what it was all about.We didn't go in that day because we had already eaten, but we do keep in mind for the next time we came. We ended up coming again, and went into the buffet. We paid under $20 for both of us, and ate very delicious.Their selection was good! Since it was the day after Thanksgiving they did have turkey and him, but they also had things like fish mashed potatoes fried rice lasagna salad shrimp soup etc. etc. We're going back today, because when we went last time we didn't have enough time to enjoy it. This time we're going to sit there and enjoy it! The customer service was also great, except at the end my husband and I got an ice cream and they didn't want to let my husband leave the place with his ice cream. The funny thing is, I just walked out of the place with my ice cream. Oh well!
1	Do yourself a favor and do not eat here.  I would never eat there again, even if it was free.  Everything was tasteless.  Who are they trying to fool? The buffet attendants are in chef coats and tall white hats! Lol!!  The only edible thing there were slices of cantaloupe and watetmelon. You're better off eating anywhere else that's nearby.
4	Prime rib today was a bit dry. But when they get to the middle its a little too rare.  Everything else was good. Great service too. ^.^ our server was joking with us in Vietnamese too. Woot woot
2	Very average lunch buffet..
3	It's not that I hate or don't like this buffet, but it is very average to me. After eating the foods they had elsewhere, I know the quality in particular is pretty meh. At the same time, the assortment of food and the fact that its a buffet does give it good value.On the night my family and I went, the tilapia was mushy yet somehow rubbery and I can't quite rationalize that one. The prime rib was quite tough and my medium rare steak was well done on the top half and rare on the bottom half. Everything else was okayish--nothing that tasted extraordinary but nothing absolutely horrible.One thing I wonder about is the dim lighting. I was a bit uncomfortable and it felt odd. I had never dined in someplace so dim before and what makes me uncomfortable is that I like to see the food, what I'm eating in each bite and the state of the cleanliness of the eatery. It would definitely have gen the restaurant a more comfortable atmosphere if it was brighter, but not too bright.
3	Closed on 12/20/14 when Ii visit. So really no stars.  I will just give a in the middle vote
4	Hey, it's a cheap buffet on Fremont Street--what do you want? The salad bar was paltry, but who goes to a cheap buffet for salad (besides me?). They had good mashed taters, and a decent roast. The clam chowder was gross, though. There was a Mexican portion of the buffet, which I enjoyed and was decent (and I'm from California, so it's pretty hard to impress me with Mexican food!) I'd go back.
