5	This was probably one of the best tasting menus I've experienced.  Not only was the food great, but the atmosphere was fun, and the service was fantastic.  I came here with a small group of friends, and we all had a great time.  Every dish on the tasting menu (I loved the seafood carpaccio and the baby kumomoto oysters) was delicious, and the waiters were knowledgeable and fun to talk to.  And if you like wine, go for the wine pairing, they have a great recommendation for ice wine.  We even sat at a table next to Larry King.  It's pretty casual here, unlike many other fine dining restaurants, so it felt a little more inviting.  I'm definitely coming back here the next time I go to Vegas.Note: At the time of this review, it was originally for L'Atalier by Joel Robuchon.  Don't know how it ended up here...
4	Not quite a 5 star restaurant in my book. It could be perhaps, that I had the pleasure of experiecing French Laundry beforehand and so I kept comparing the two experiences. I had the 5 course tasting menu. I actually thought that they offered a separate dinner menu in case you didn't want to obtain the chef's tasting menu. Unfortunately, they didn't. They offered only a 5 course and what sounds like a very fulfilling 16 course chef menu. The food was good, but it didn't exactly blow me away. I was disappointed with our last course as it had a combination of what seemed like cumin and curry spices mixed together. I didn't finish the last course and was a bit ashamed that I did that b/c I didn't want the chef to feel insulted. I also thought that we would get some little chef surprise course in between our 5 courses, but we didn't. The only time they kept surprising us with all kinds of food was at the end during dessert. In addition to our dessert that came with the chef's tasting menu, we were given a selection of eclectic desserts on a cart as well as treated to gelato. I was surely satisfied, but a bit disappointed overall. I really thought that I was going to be blown away by this restaurant especially since I read the raving reviews about the Chef Robuchon. What sucks is that the price I paid for a 5 course tasting menu is about the same if not a a tiny bit more that I would pay at French Laundry and I would get a whole different adventure there.
5	Forget comparisons.  The less you impose such expectations upon yourself when you book and dine here, the more delighted you'll be.  The food is undeniably terrific, impeccably presented, and yes if you're a foodsnob, you could *always* have better.  But better food in other places may not offer you front row seating to the entire kitchen facility and staff preparing the plates as L'Atelier does.  Witnessing the heirarchy of chefs meticulously preparing every plate like a masterpiece painting (near perfection apparently their only standard) is a spectacle in itself.Small plates to share, or degustation (tasting menus) are the way to go here.  I had the 9-course tasting menu and my partner had the 4-course version of it.  Only one dish actually coincided in both menus:  an egg cocotte (mousse like consistency), with fried chantarelles and mushroom foam.  Variety between two menus made for perfect share-sampling the whole evening.Despite challenges of synchronizing a 9-course and 4-course menu, the kitchen managed the preparation and presentation timing remarkably well.  Only one flub:  they nearly missed on of my courses, and quickly remedied the situation.The 9 course menu I had consisted of* Vegetable fondant topped with a delicate avocado cream.* Langoustine carpaccio with roasted poppy seed dressing.* Poached baby kumamoto oysters with French "Echire" salted butter.* Asparagus with chilled Dungeness salad (other details I forget)* Warm chicken broth with foie gras raviolis and herbs* Egg cocotte topped with a light mushroom cream.* Free-range quail stuffed with foie gras, and served with a truffled potato pure (the alternate choice would have been a skirt steak), but to me this and the egg course were the winning highlights (as was my partner's fresh cod main course served in an superb vegetable broth -- far more exciting to the palate than it reads)* 2 dessert courses led out by a very velvety strawberry "milkshake", then an assortment of fruits and tarts.If you partake in the full degustation, expect to spend 2 to 2.5 hours at the restaurant.  Make it your evening's main event and relish it.  And chrissakes, don't waste it by getting shitfaced afterwards.Book between 7:30 and 8PM so you witness the staff kick it into high gear when the peak crowd rolls in.  I left wine selections up to the sommelier, who paired up a pinot grigio, then a French pinot noir with my meal -- wonderful.Judging by what we witnessed most frequently prepared in the kitchen, their steak tartar appears to be very popular as well.
5	The initial review is below, but the newly edited view rates the Menu Decouvrete.Magnifique!Robuchon's tasting menu was a true delight.  We took up the waiter's offer for him to pick wine pairings for us, and instead of a specific flight, with one per course (which would have killed me) he did a "half a glass" with every other course.  The half glasses were very generous, and I was rather tipsy on excellent wine, along with a great meal.  We were actually also given matching desert wines on the house.  That being said, it still almost came out to $500 with a generous tip, but it was well worth it.L'AMUSE-BOUCHECucumber gele tarragon cream, cumin yogurt It included all of the flavors of Indian food, without the heaviness or heat.  A perfect way to start a discovery menu.LE THON ROUGEBluefin tuna with tomato infused olive oil Perfect thickness of tuna, and seasoned exceptionally well. This is coming from a sushi afficianado.LA SAINT-JACQUESFresh scallops cooked in the shell with seaweed infused butter The seaweed butter really added an amazing depth to this dish.L'OEUFEgg cocotte topped with a light mushroom cream Wow.  It was rich, flavorful, and decadent.LA CHATAIGNELight chestnut velout with caramelized foie gras and crispy bacon The richest of the dishes, they did not skimp on the foie, and the chestnut's sweetness complemented the richness of the foie perfectly.LE SAUMONSlightly smoked salmon served warm confit potatoes The salmon was cooked perfectly, and the portion was more than generous, after having so many dishes.LA CAILLEFree-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes This is so good, it makes me tear up just thinking about it.  Rich, sweet, smooth, amazing textures and flavors combined without being overwhelming.LA MANDARINESheep's milk yogurt panna cotta, mandarin confit, bergamot tea infusion I loved the bergamot tea infusion.  The balance of flavors was excellent.LA POIREPear sorbet, meringue glace, chocolate-caramelized cinnamon cream I think pear is highly underused in the states.  This was excellent, and the pear sorbet encased in the meringue was genius.LE CAFECoffee or Espresso__ The old review__Okay...so why don't more people in the US know who Joel Robuchon is?  What's wrong with you people?  The national treasure in France?  Ring a bell!  Good Lord, please eat here if you can afford it!  The Le Caille was the finest dish I've ever consumed in my life.  Free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes... and the thing I remember the most was the potatoes. This is not to discount anything about the quail, which was amazing, but the potatoes are like starch silk.  Just amazing stuff.I highly reccomend the chartreusse dessert.  Lighter than air, just sweet, lovely, and amazing.  The kitchen is immaculate, and you can watch as they cook and prep in front of you.  Amazing service, and knowledgeable service, which isn't always easy to find in Vegas.  Shine on you crazy 5 diamonds.
5	Imagine having one of the best meals of your life. This is what it's like at Joel Robuchon @ the mansion. 16 courses....wine...almost 1k spent....totally worth it! This along with L'atelier, opened next door are the first 2 restaurants that he has ever opened in the United States. It's definitely something that you must experience at least once in your life. Well...maybe twice.
5	Among all the great restaurants in Vegas, this is definitely the best.  The atomosphere is relaxing with chic black decor.  The food is excellent.  All the dishes look like demo from TV top chef cooking show.. most important... not only looking good but tasting great..The dessert is far and above anything you can expect.  Try it.  You won't regret a penny you spend there.
5	My review is on The Mansion de Joel Robuchon (next door).So anyway, I have one word to describe my experience: ORGASMIC.  The restaurant interior is very classic parisian w/ touches of art deco.  The garden wall (18ft of corner to corner greens) is so beautiful and the ambience is elegant but not too stuffy.  The place taps into all the human senses perfectly. My only complaint was that it was too damn quiet in there.  Mind you, I'm a very  vocal person and so the place was just not conducive to demonstrating appropriate behavior given my experience at Joel Robuchon.  I think the good lord heard me call his name several times that night!I had the 13-course tasting menu which sounded overwhelming but let 'tasting' be the operative word. Mushroom bisque, sea urchin, chilean seabass, tomato gelatin, kobe beef--it goes on and on--made w/ such craftsmanship and was ABSOLUTELY fabulous!!  The service was  exceptional, impeccable and in a class of its own.  Pastries and dessert by renowned Chef Kamel Guechida was the finale of my wonderful experience.  Talk about having a "multiple".This was the ultimate dining experience.
5	The facts: My finest meal...  ever.My personality: I'm Chinese, being cheap is in my genes.Joel Robuchon at the Mansion was an eye-opening experience.  Never in my wildest dreams did I believe that paying $360 per person would ever be worth it (this is the standard price for the degustation menu), but eating here changed my mind (to tell the truth, you really don't have much of a choice at Robuchon.  Penny-pinchers can opt for the "cheaper" $225 per person menu, but that's about all you have in terms of choice).  Wifey and I walked in breathing fire.  We told each other that no place on god's green earth could ever be worth the money we were about to flush here.  All we wanted was the experience and a nice story to tell about how we were once young and crazy and blew a chunk o' money at Vegas.  Well, the cheap Chinese part of my persona now hates me.  I am very close to saying that Robuchon may actually be worth it.Joel Robuchon is probably one of the world's greatest living chefs.  He has more Michelin stars than he knows what to do with, and has been one of the biggest influences in the post-Nouvelle cuisine era.  The man was a living god even before he appeared on Japan's Iron Chef!Now don't mistake this place for L'atelier Joel Robuchon which is the more casual-themed restaurant nestled right next door at MGM... this place is the Mount Everest of fine dining.So why should you consider dropping a grand on one meal?Well lemme tells ya...Everything here is "over the top".  From the selection of 28 kinds of bread from the bread cart, to the impressively gaudy 30ft ceilings and purple themed dining room, and the requisite snooty French waiter.  Every plate was a work of art and the creativity was impressive.  What softened the pain I felt when I signed the outrageous credit card bill was the fact that they did everything possible to make this worth your hard-earned money.  They shaved truffle onto everything, stuffed foie gras into every nook and cranny, and topped whatever they could with caviar.  In fact, I almost believe that they would sprinkle truffles over the guests if they thought it would make your experience better.  I would recommend this place highly!!***** UPDATE  11/07*****No, I didn't go back (yet)... But I feel VINDICATED now that the world-famous Michelin Guide has reviewed Las Vegas and has determined that the ONLY establishment worthy of three stars is.... Joel Robuchon at the Mansion!As of this writing, the Michelin Guide has only reviewed 4 cities in the US: New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Las Vegas.  Only 6 restaurants amongst all of these cities were awarded 3-stars.  Los Angeles was the only city unable to produce a 3-star winner (confirming my suspicion that El Lay is a terrible food city).
4	Okay, even am surprised at the score that I am giving. It really is a 4/12 stars.   Given the reviews for this place I was surprised that not all the dishes were to my liking.   Don't get me wrong, they were all good, but for what your paying for, my friend and I had the 13 course menu, which is $360 per person, I would have expected all the dishes to "wow" my taste buds.  The services is exceptional and the presentation of the dishes were all pretty and inventive.  As it was mentioned somewhere, they have foam on top of everything.  The funny comment this older couple, whom I think we food snobs, said, "foam is so 2000."The tasting menu that evening consisted of:    *  La Sangria -    Frosty little pearls on top of fruit juice perfumed with blood orange and orange flower water    * Le Caviar -    Cauliflower jelly, rich flan perfumed with asparagus, thin slices of warm scallops with lime zest    * Les Crustaces - Truffled langoustine ravioli, lobster under warm gelee and coral jus, crawfish with arbois sauce and baby spring vegetables    * Les Petit Pois -  Light peas cream and mint on top of delicate sweet onion custard    * L'Oursin -   Sea urchin, potato pure with a hint of coffee    * L'Amada -  Crispy amadai in a lily bulb broth    * Le Bar -    Pan-fried skin on sea bass with five spices served with verjus sauce    * Les Morilles -  Morels and green asparagus, garlic and shaved parmesan    * Le Baeuf de Kob  -  Grilled Kobe beef with watercress tempura, horseradish mustard    * L'Epeautre  - Sault farrow prepared risotto style, gold leaf    * Le Punch  -  Old rum punch, exotic sorbet    * Pom.Pom.Pom   -  apple compote perfumed with vanilla and hazelnut praline    * Le Caf ou le Th   -  escort de mignardisesThe dishes which didn't "wow" me were the La Sangria, Les Petit Pois, and L'Oursin.   Other than that, the rest were exceptional.  The Kobe beef was flown in from Kobe, Japan.   This was my favorite dish, as the beef just melted in my mouth. I can still remember the taste of the meat and fat, as it dissolved in my mouth.  The Pom.Pom.Pom, also came with a side apple sorbet, which tasted like a virgin green apple martini.  At the end of the, after spending over $1000, they give each guest a take come pastry and a menu of the menu.  Ours was a lemon cake which was divine.    They do request that you wear a jacket, but the the Mary's sitting several tables in front of me didn't have any.  But at the price your paying, I guess they won't turn away a paying customer who isn't dressed properly.Was it worth the experience, yes it was. Now I have no regrets of thinking, " i should have went there", if I never did.
4	Really all I need to say:2 glasses of champagne: $100Sixteen course tasting: $360/personWine Parings: $800Gratuity: $375Pooping 14 kt. gold, pricelessWhat I will say:Since Legendary Chef Joel Robuchon came out of retirement to open his first US restaurant in Las Vegas....my bf (who is a chef) and I had to check it out last time we were in Vegas. Amazing experience, but a little over the top. However, Robuchon himself was in town and came out in the dining room to greet the guest...pretty cool. Although leaving anyplace and spending $2000 for 2 people is a little nauseating. My favorite part was the candy cart at the end of the meal...it was filled with tons of homemade individually wrapped candies, chocolates and caramels.
5	Wanted to eat at the Robuchon outpost in Las Vegas for quite a while...  I was not disappointed.  The bar occupys up to about 40 guests with well informed servers presenting your food to the guest over the counter.  It becomes obvious that you are at a Robuchon's vision of being a japanese  style counter chef.  But with Robuchon's stern eye in the room,  his food is complete in all forms but none.The crispy thin tart of sweet onion and pancetta was offered with a couple of perfectly cooked quail eggs that burst with the mellow yellow yolk.  It was so delicious and it was garnished with a nice pairing of sorrel greens.  He had the fancy stuff too.  Such as the quail egg stuffed with foie gras and served with truffle potatoe puree.  Man it was good.  Very small and expensive... but it was worth it.  I think.One dish stood out above the rest and that was the steak tar tar... Basically a raw burger patty with the fixings ... dijon. onions. pickles.  s&p... Served with french fries and a tiny little wedge of iceburg lettuce, I really began to think I was eating a burger and fries.  The presentation is very precise and the line cooks take there time to get things right on the plates.  They move fast but take their time on the plates.  A sign of a good experience to come.  But it just so happened that he was there that weekend and I got to meet the icon... practically a god to most people.  He is the inventor of new cusine almost.  But more then all of that, he is just a great chef.  I found he was a very nice man and up next  is hopefully the Mansion next door.  When I asked him how it was... he just smiled looked at me and nodded his head up and down with a silly little smile on his face and I trusted his every nod.
5	I don't know if I will ever experience something like this again in my life. For my college graduation, my boyfriend said I could choose a restaurant of my choice. I chose this one after my girlfriend stumbled upon it and the staff let us see the dining room and the bread and candy cart. What a treat!! I know that not everyone will experience the living art that is eating at this place. Known for being the best restaurant in the world in Paris, Joel Robuchon has brought some of his staff here to us. Having eaten many many course dinners before we opted for the smaller six course dinner and ordered a single bottle of wine instead of a pairing (still 800$). This once in a lifetime dinner was so fun, and amazing!! Being sent home with a loaf of the most amazing orange bread I've had. This is an obvious splurge, and a celebratory dinner, I thank my generous boyfriend for making the night feel so special and the dinner one I will never forget.
5	I ate at L'Atelier on opening day, and another four times since then. While the excitement of going to a great new restaurant is gone, the quality remains. L'Atelier isn't cheap, but it serves the best food of any restaurant in its price range. If you like innovative food that tastes great, you owe it to yourself to try this place.The best way to sample what L'Atelier has to offer is to get the tasting menu. It varies a little over time, but remains recognizable. Here are notes from my 1st meal (I took better notes then):* Vegetable Fondant Topped With a Delicate Avocado Cream. A small martini glass with a layer of tomato gelee, soft yet firm, smooth, bright red, with an intense tomato flavor. On top, thick avocado cream/puree, bright green and delicious. Take a spoon and get a bit of both layers; it looks beautiful on the spoon and tastes just as good..* La Langoustine Carpaccio With Roasted Poppy Seed Dressing. A rectangle, paper thin, with micro chives, pepper, and lemon oil. It's a tiny portion but with strong flavor and a soft, melting texture.* Les Huitres: Poached Baby Kumamoto Oysters With French Echre [sp?] Salted Butter. Three tiny oysters with salty butter on top, with black pepper; warmed briefly. I don't like oysters, but these were terrific! Perhaps I've been eating oysters in the wrong places.* L'Oeuf: Egg Cocotte Topped With a Light Mushroom Cream. Another dish served in a martini glass. In the bottom, some bright green parsley puree. Next a raw egg. The glass is then steamed, cooking the egg white but not the yolk. On top, a frothy, flavorful cream of mushroom soup, with a couple of pieces of chanterelle mushroom on top of that. Another wonderful combination of flavors; another case where I wasn't so sure I'd like it, but did.* Le Foie Gras: Rich, soft but slightly brown on the outside. I loved it.* Le Morue: Fresh Cod Filet in Vegetable Broth. The broth had a drop of basil oil, giving it an interesting flavor. The cod was barely cooked through, wrapped in a very thin piece of ravioli.  Excellent!* An extra treat, compliments of the chef: a papillote of langoustine. This was a generous piece of langoustine wrapped in a thin layer of phyllo dough, and quickly fried.* La Caille: Free-range Quail Stuffed With Foie Gras, With Truffled Potato Puree. Two small pieces of quail, good flavor, firm but not dry. Now about the potato puree - potatoes can't be this good! They take raw potatoes, and rub them against a fine sieve. They're pureed with lots and lots of butter, and some snippets of chive are added. All of this is covered with a layer of thin truffle slices.  Incredible! [note: the next time I went, they used much less truffle, but it was still excellent].* La Framboise: Raspberry Jelly Madam Yuzu and Citrus Cream. The jelly was not too sweet, not too thick, with very intense flavor. The citrus cream was thick and delicious. There were several very large, ripe seedless raspberries.* Le Chocolat: Chocolate Sensation Cremeux Araguai, Oreo Cookie Crumbs." Yes, a second dessert; my kind of place. This was a tiny portion that is in the running for my favorite dessert ever. At the bottom was (I think) a bit of bitter, thick caramel. Above that, thick, very dark Valrhona chocolate. Above that (or to the side) was something like a ball of ice cream - I can't describe it very well, but it was delicious. Finally, some finely crumbled Oreo cookie, and a thin piece of chocolate in the form of a ring, forming a cover with a hole in the middle. [sad note: this dessert has gone downhill over time.  There is no longer any caramel, and the chocolate layer is more like a regular chocolate mouse.] Rating of VG - very good, but nothing like the dessert last time.* The meal ended with a choice of cappuccino or espresso; I chose cappuccino. It was rich, not bitter, and came with rough cubes of brown sugar and white sugar.Not a single course was merely good. Everything was beautifully presented. At almost any other restaurant, any of the courses I had at L'Atelier would have been a star of the entire meal.I've also ordered a la carte, but space limitation prevent a full description.  A couple of highlights:* La Lisette: Fresh mackerel on a thin tart with Parmesan shavings and olives. Almost like a tiny, thin pizza. The flavors were strong; the very thin crust was very flaky. Simple food wonderfully prepared.* Le Homard: Maine lobster salad with a sherry vinegar dressing. A very generous amount of sweet lobster, in a strongly flavored but not overpowering dressing, served on top of greens. Very simple, but expertly prepared.**UPDATE October 2007: I tried the tasting menu yet again.  It's changed a little, e.g.: halibut instead of cod; new desserts; a much smaller portion of potato puree. However, it's not that different, and the quality is as good as ever.
5	Since most of the reviews have pretty much said what I want to, all I can say is, if you have money to blow... or if MGM Grand is paying your way (make sure you find out what is the total bill amount they're paying before you go eat up a storm lol), I say, have this awesome experiance here!  If you like to be pampered with good food, good wine, good service and good looking young waiters (LOL), come here for all the above :)  You will not be sorry - the only person who wasn't attractive was the uppity French chef who was throwing attitude around the open kitchen lol.  But he's French so... lol.  I don't think this is a good place for big groups considering most seating are around the bar countertops overlooking the open kitchen and I believe, if I'm not wrong, the few tables around could seat no more then parties of four.  Everything here is precise and perfect.  A great place for couples; no kids please - I don't care how food savvy they are lol!http://www.foodcandy.com/PlaceView.aspx?id=959
4	An amazing foodie experience.
4	L'Atelier, the French sushi bar - the atmosphere is much more casual.  You don't feel like you are being watched constantly as in the more expensive Robuchon next door.I sat at the bar and ordered a few dishes instead of going for the tasting menu.  The oyster did not stand out.  But the quail leg with Foie Gras was really good - but you know how small a quail leg is?  I can probably eat 10 whole quails and still be hungry!  The desert assortment was so so.  There are some other dishes that I can't remember anymore.Anyways, can't give it 5 stars because it is too expensive.  But at least in this bar version, you can experience Joel Robuchon's creations without committing an entire dinner to do it.
5	The best dining experience I've ever had so far. Someone went all out so we had the 16 course menu. So far the best  Foie Gras dish I've ever had, and my first time to try Oscetra Caviar. The food and presentation was impeccable. You dine here for the experience, not really to get full. The serving portions were small, but since its a multiple course meal, you'll eventually get full. This place has an intimidating appeal, especially to those people who are not much into fine dining. Servers were well trained, very attentive, they make sure your whole dining experience is excellent.  The place exudes class, love the violet velvet seats, the curtain and all the works. This is the place where you actually have to dress formal to dine. Very fancy, its almost impractical  but it was an amazing experience. I didn't know how to order. Eh... My excuse was I can't read and speak French =P. Wish I could take home their chandelier =P
5	Volumes has already been written about Joel Robuchon's place in MGM Vegas.  I figure instead of going over the dishes again in minutae, I would just do a few "color commentary" things.  (I think I'm decent at being colorful!)  But to get it out of the way:  this is most definitively one of the very few places where the first taste of every dish makes my eyes water (in a good way, that is).  Every taste, every experience (the service, the variety of breads, the variety on the petit-fours cart, etc.) reminds us of how much we're paying for the experience, and how worthy that experience is of the cost.  And as Jennifer H. mentioned, the orange pound cake "parting gift" is simply amazing for such a deceptively simple fare.  Before we went, my wife kept harping about how Joel Robuchon won Guide Gault Millau's "Chef of The Century" title.  Well, I have to say that it's not even slightly arrogant or presumptuous of Le Guide to give Robuchon that award;  the man *WAY* deserves it!!OK, here are the color comments:The variety on the bread cart borders on tackiness:  there are twenty-something, thirty-something variations, but many are merely the same bread made in different shapes.  For example, French bread is available as regular and thin baguette, as a "wheat sheaves" loaf, as a roll.  Our waiter said Robuchon has three "master bakers" baking the bread.  The bread certainly are outstanding: wonderful taste, beautiful crumb, the crust always having appropriate texture, but TWENTY PLUS variations?Ditto the variety of the petit-fours carts:  there must have been a few hundred different types!  OK, so maybe it was only about thirty or forty, but it was as bewildering as the bread cart.Oh yeah, our waiter has a delightful combination of self-effacing humor ("I'm French, but please don't hold that against me!") and the usual French haughtiness (but only to his colleagues, and only kiddingly!).We were there for our twentieth anniversary dinner, so we asked for a copy of the menu.  We were presented with one each, neatly rolled up and tied with a lovely ribbon.Though we're from Texas, our appetites are not Texas-sized, so we went for the six-course tasting menu and not the sixteen-course tasting menu.  I can't *FATHOM* eating sixteen of anything and enjoying everything to the very last bite.
2	Let me get just one thing straight.I am willing to shell out for something good. For something pretty delicious. When I heard about the $360 price tag for a 13 course meal (yeah... that's right bitches. 13 courses - not 16 like I was expecting - and yeah - that pricetag is without wine), I'll admit that I balked. I was hesitant. But hey, if it makes my tastebuds sing - I'm all willing to give it a try.Let me tell you the context - my bf got a big pay raise so he really wanted to go there - hey! what's life if you don't splurge every once in a while.Anyway, we head over to the MGM and yeah, I was wowed. Wow'd by the beautiful chandelier, the plush cushions in the booth seats, the french linens.Nothing could really prepare me for such a big diappointment. First things first - they refuse to give you tap water. They say that they only serve bottled water and you have a choice - fizzy or non-fizzy. And this is at $10 a bottle. Not to mention the server practically jumps to refill your glass after you've taken only 1 sip. Just adding to the $360 tab.As I was contemplating going to the bathroom for a drink of water (from the sink!), they brought a nice palate cleanser - a berry granite  with a citrus foam which was served over dry ice to keep it perfectly cool. Unfortunately it went down hill from there.Basicially, after the next three dishes - tomato/coriander/caviar were a great disappointment. Okay the tomato was served with a tomato gelee. The coriander was served as a foam/gelee thing. Caviar three ways was some sort of gelee/foam thing.By this point, my bf and I was looking at each other thinking - does this guy do something other than fancy jello and foam? My boyfriend leaned over and whispered in my ear - "What's your favorite dish so far?" My answer: "the bread cart" (an impressive 16+ selection of brioche/baguettes). My bf basically agreed. Sad, isn't it?Okay, from there things get a little better. A really good egg ravioli - delicious. A decadent sea urchin flan, a delectable shrimp tea and a subpar lobster bonbon - comprised a shellfish dish. A decent turbot, an okay salmon - nothing too impressive. The Japanese Kobe Beef was pretty good but I've had better preparations of Kobe beef  before. A soybean risotto - fair but nothing to shout home about.There was an interesting margarita - frozen yogurt with effervescent sugar. A yummy herb sorbet (mint flavored primarily). Because it was my bf's b-day, they wheeled out a meringue/ice cream cake with raspberry sorbet. It was beautiful however they gave us only two slivers of the cake and then wheeled the rest away. We're still wondering what happened to the rest of the cake. Then came the mignardises - the impressive cart of petit fours that number at least over 30+ served with coffee or tea. (By the way, being Chinese - they had crappy white tea - just a few sprigs sprinkled in to give the water some color).A sad thing was I asked our server which one of the petit fours were her favorite - she mentioned she'd only tried one. Normally, if you are a server especially at a fancy restaurant like this, you have a good idea what your clientele is eating. Heck even in the lower end restaurants - the same thing. But here, obviously not so.So that's it - we got a lemon loaf on our way out for the next day, copies of the menu accompanied by a sense of feeling like we'd been ripped off. Yes, the presentation of the food was beautifully done and I was impressed. However unique presentation or innovation does not necessarily mean that it will taste very good.And the pricetag - given the ingredients that were used - is wholly not justified. Other than the caviar/Norweigan salmon (tasteless by the way)/kobe beef there wasn't any ingredient that was really expensive.Because of that, I'm giving Joel Robuchon a big two stars - one for the bread cart, one for the petit fours which were the highlight of the visit. Honestly - to truly enjoy maybe 6 of 13 courses and pay $900+ for two people - that's a little too much.
5	This is possibly the best food I've ever had in my life. Everything was so tasty. First time having the foie gras. and mmm, definitely won't be my last.  Words can't describe how good this restaurant is. I'm definitely coming here next time i go to Vegas!
5	Easily the best meal of my life, the 16 course tasting menu was completely over the top.  You do not go there to pay for food.  You go there and pay for the experience.Upon entering the restaurant, the hostess greeted me by name.  How she knew who I was creeped me out a bit, but it did make me feel special.  We were seated immediately in their "garden" area.I could go into mouth-watering detail about very morsel, but it'd be easier just to tell you what surprised me about this place:1.  The plating seemed to be designed specifically for each dish (and probably was).  There were several patterns that at first looked like part of the plate until I realized it was made out of food.  Astounding.2.  2 bites of 16 courses will fill you up.  By the 9th, I was already stuffed.  If I ever do this type of endurance eating, I will only eat a bite or two of each dish.3.  Many of the wait staff spoke French.4.  The food was all extremely rich and almost everything had truffles or gold leaf (or both) in it.Finally, after that meal, I could have used a hot dog for my next meal.  Or, a bucket of KFC.
5	This was a defining moment in my life.  This was not a meal, it was an event.  My husband and I decided to splurge and after reading many reviews, decided that Joel Robuchon would be a meal we would never forget, and we were right.  I ordered the full tasting menu, and sadly, could not make it through to the very end because I just couldn't physically fit in any more bites of food.   I'm not used to eating French food, so my body just wasn't capable of consuming such rich food and in that quantity.  Nearly everything was covered in edible gold leaf, truffles or caviar (no complaints there!)  My favorite was the lobster course which was divine.  I never experienced that level of preparation and creativity in food before.  And the presentation and service were meticulous. We plan on framing the menu and hanging it in our home.
3	*Edit: I've been trying to pinpoint the word to describe my experience at Joel Robuchon, but I could never quite find it until now. GAUDY. That's the word. From the decor (the giant black vases, the flagrant center chandelier, the shimmeringly uneasy purple velvet couches) to the way the dishes were plated (does every plate have to be painted with gold dust? I felt like I was at a jewelry store instead of a restaurant), to the interesting, but slightly obnoxious, somewhat pretentious gold foil sheets laid atop our truffle risottos (well, at least I can say I've shitted gold now). Gaudy.In terms of three star restaurants, the French Laundry completely trumps this place. I was going in expecting nothing less than stellar after seeing Michelin's reviews of this being the only 3-star restaurant in Las Vegas. Where do I even start? First of all, their bread, cheese and candy carts. Okay, this is interesting. they have about 30+ different types of breads, cheeses and candies for you to choose from. While this might have seemed impressively novel in theory, I was left paralyzed by choice. And when you're having a 16 course meal, do you really want to fill up on bread anyway? Again, novel, but unnecessary. Despite the strong asian influences in their tasting menu that night (going to a french restaurant, i was expecting classic french food. being chinese, if i wanted asian food i'd ask my mom to cook something for me.), I still thoroughly enjoyed the first few courses. Their trio of lobster, langostine and sea urchin was by far their most memorable dish. Coffee potato puree? Exquisite with the sea urchin. I couldn't marvel enough about how well these flavors were put together. Until they brought out the pan seared scallop. This scallop was actually slightly overcooked. It was rubbery. Then this abomination of a piece of seabass came out. There was nothing wrong with this piece of fish mind you. It was well cooked. HOWEVER, this "verjus" sauce they drenched it in was utterly offensive. The last time I tasted something this sour was when I was a child eating super lemon candy. At first, I thought maybe it was supposed to taste like that. After all, what do I know, I'm not some expert food critic. But after the waiter mentioned it to be "sweet, with a hint of bitterness" I had something to say. The later dishes blurred together with the taste of black truffles. Being winter, truffles are in season, and Joel Robuchon took full abuse by deciding to put a little truffle into every other dish. Don't get me wrong, I love truffles. But by the end of the savory courses, my mouth was permanently infused with the taste. And let me tell you, it was slightly irritating. I now understood the importance of palate cleansers. Luckily a sorbet came just in time to rid my mouth of the taste. Overall, their tasting menu that night was quite heavy. Some of the flavors were too overwhelming. And while their were some exceptional dishes that I loved, I wouldn't have expected less from a Michelin 3-star restaurant. Ultimately, the dishes that I mentioned above seemed to undermine the entire experience.
5	Intro:I was floating on a cloud the entire time.Food:We had the six course tasting menu:Avocado pure in a thin herb gele and olive oil flavored curd cheese:  AMAZING.Shaved white truffles and potatoes with olive oil, topped with foie gras carpaccio:  AMAZING.Custard of Gorgonzola with a pear vierge and sage tomatoes:  Decent.Pan-fried sea bass with a lemon grass foam and stewed baby leeks:  AMAZINGGrilled Kobe beef with matsutake mushroom, parsley tempura, horseradish mustard:  AMAZING.  I have to admit, I was a little fearful of the idea of the mushroom and tempura with my Kobe, but it all complimented each other nicely.Pineapple with hazelnut-praline and orange Pekoe tea sorbet:  I didn't have a chance to try this.  At this point, I was feeling like a genuine fatty.Service:It was perfect, just the right amount of attention and knowledge without it being so overbearing.Ambiance:Exquisite.  Very clean and minimal.  Brought back memories of Paris.Overall:This is truly an experience.  It's worth every shiny penny.
5	OMG, this was one of the best meals I have ever eaten in my life. If it's not #1, it is most certainly in the top 3. Not for the faint of wallet and if you're starving when you go in, you might walk out hungry because the portions are tiny.Exquisite presentation. Each dish looked like a work of art. In fact, the whole restaurant was like a work of art. It's beautiful with rich woods and sparkling glass (we did some of that sparkling lighting, in fact!) and rich natural oranges from things like baby bell peppers.Many of the dishes were presented in glass, but lava rock and beautiful ceramic also factored in. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the flatware. The spoon was too narrow and too deep and the knife was hard to decipher in terms of which end was up. But those are such tiny quibbles and took nothing away from this extraordinary meal. The L'Amuse Bouche was foei gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam and was one of the most exquisite things I have ever tasted. If I died with the taste of that on my lips, I think I'd die happy. Layers of rich flavor ranging from the beefy to hints of chocolate or raspberry even though I'm sure there was nothing sweet or fruity in there other than the port. Sex in a glass. The first real course came out and was indecipherable.  It was a clear, thin, and gelatinous layer of something with micro-chives and some other seasonings visible. It was langoustine carpaccio with roasted poppy seed dressing. RAW thing-which-is-neither-shrimp-nor-lobster. I timidly tried a bite. Salty ocean with little bits of pure joy in the form of who-know-what-seasoning. Not too salty. Not at all fishy. It was a revelry in my mouth.Then, 3 poached baby kussi oysters with french echire butter. In the shell and presented like raw oysters on the half shell on a bed of salt, sprinkled with pink peppercorns. I don't normally like cooked oysters. I prefer them raw. But each of these oysters was an explosion of flavor. The first taste on the palatte was similar to eating a raw oysters...clean ocean briny but the finish was long and buttery and in between was a symphony of other rich flavors.Next dish grossed me out badly. Egg cocotte topped with a light mushroom cream. Think raw egg omelet. Blech.Truffled cappuccino of pumpkin with chestnuts looked a bit like a cup of cappcuccino, though the main resemblance was a foamy top of milk. No coffee here. This was kind of a pumpkin soup with little chunks of chestnuts. Lovely.Slightly smoked salmon served with warm watercress and crispy potatoes. Wonderful in the tiny portion that arrived at my table. Slightly smoked really meant raw salmon that had been barely put into a smoker. I don't usually like raw salmon but this was luscious. It was a thin piece, with some kind of buttery sauce on it with microgreens watercress. But it had these little oniony, crispy shavings on top that made the whole thing come together.Free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled mashed potatoes was back to swoony ecstasy. This was 3 tiny bites of savory, rich, OMFG I have no clue what's on there but YUM. The sauce was reminiscent of the l'amuse bouche',  not a coincidence since they both had tiny bits of foie gras in them. Banyuls wine gelee, pear sorbet and crunchy ginger bread was another explosive highlight of the meal. The flavors were complex with hints of spice like cinnamon and warm ginger, sweetness from the sorbet and robust and complex wine flavors melded together into a desert I could really live for. I'm not usually a big dessert person. I often eat dessert at swanky restaurants. But unlike some people, I don't live for it. But this...it was similar to the experience of drinking some really exquisite wine. Wine with long legs. Wine that awakens every sensory experience and takes you on a journey with a beginning, middle, and long ending. Wow!Hazelnut cremeux, fresh mango, and coffee caramel streusel would not necessarily have been my first desert choice. But this thing hit the spot. The hazelnut came in the form of another foam and had chocolatey overtones (again, stuff I dont' usually like), blended with caramel and tiny bits of real mango made this one of the more outstanding desserts I've ever had.I'm out of room to write. I know that sounds like a ton of food but the portions were so tiny I wasn't even full. Still...I'd go back in a heartbeat!
5	Most memorable dining experience ever! It wasn't just a dinner, it was an exquisite fantasy of perfect service, jaw-dropping decor, and sixteen courses of manna from heaven. I am an antsy sort of person, but I was shocked to learn that four hours had gone by and I had no desire nor intention of leaving this little slice of paradise. Gold and silver leaf gracing many dishes, a bread cart to die for, and a petit four cart fit for royalty... if you have a life-changing occasion coming up: epic birthday or anniversary, a graduation or retirement, or just feel like leaving the planet and indulging in the stratosphere (not the hotel but the band of air above the earth), do yourself a favor and book a table today.
5	Dining at Robuchon isn't just about having a great meal... the experience was a fine art performance. The 16 course tasting menu is really extremely worth it. i starved myself for 10 hours before going. I'm not a food snob by any means but I enjoyed every single bite.Like I said before, the experience is like another show in vegas - it will induldge your senses. And don't forget to ask for a kitchen tour!!!
5	I have been to some great restaurants- not to name drop but Comerc 24, Fat Duck and French Laundry top the list.  Las Vegas has a ton of nice restaurants- but there is a difference between nice restaurants and places like the ones I listed.  What is the difference?  Whatever it is Joel Rubuchon has the magic.  The food and service are an art form at this oasis inside the MGM.  The purple velvet couches and small intimate atmosphere are the backdrop to a meal you will never forget.  I am a veggie and not a total foodie- so complicated food for the sake of being complicated does not impress me.  This restaurant was amazing from start to finish.  The bread cart had no less then 15 options!  If you get the 15 course it comes with a cheese cart that would make the cowgirl creamery ladies pass out!  Each course is thoughtful and creative.  The theme of the night was truffles and I could not have been happier.  Save your pennies- this place is about $400 a person with drinks and all.  An anniversary?  Birthday?  Make the trip.
5	If you only have one meal in Las Vegas eat at Joel Robuchon.  I daresay I prefer Robuchon to the vaunted French Laundry. Drinks: I ordered a pear martini to start, I wanted a cucumber martini, but the bar didn't have the ingredients this was a nice consolation prize.Bruno Paillard 'Brut Ros Premire Cuve', Reims, NV: Fairly light in color for a Ros, the nose leads with light hints of young fruit with some minerality.  On the palette the wine is light and acidic a nice way to start a meal.Dr. Bernkasteler Badstube, Mosel-Saar-Ruwer, Wegeler, 2004: The very definition of off-dry.  This wine had classic flavors of orchard fruit and minerals with an edge of acidity.Shafer Merlot, Napa Valley, 2004: A very straightforward wine, intense flavors of ripe fruit, very uniform and easy drinking.  I tend to shy away from merlot but this was very approachable.Domaine Alain Brumont, Pacherenc du Vic Bihl 'Brumaire', 2004: I was leaning towards a Sauternes for dessert but having never had a Pacherenc before decided to try this instead.  I detected aromas of ripe apricot and necatrines and a hint of spice, a highly concentrated palette and lingering finish round out this wine.Naturally when sampling perfection one should be sure to get as much as possible, my friends and I did the 16 course menu.L'Avocat - Avocado puree in a thin herb gelee and olive oil flavored curd cheeseLe Caviar - Green Asparagus topped with Oscetra caviar, delicate gelee and a smooth cauliflower cream, thin couscous and oscetra caviarLe Saint-Jacques - Pan seared scallops with fregolas pastas and coral emulsionLa Langoustine - Truffled langoustine ravioli with stewed cabbageLa Symphonie de Truffe - Black Truffle in hot pastry, onions and smoked ham, Fall vegetables in green cabbage ravioli, Light truffle cream on top of custardL'Ormeau - Abalone, baby leeks in a ginger bouillonL'Amadai - Amadai (tile fish) in a lily bulb brothLe Turbot - Roasted turbot "on the bone" with celery and truffle stewLe Boeuf - Grilled Kobe beef, roasted foie gras with port, cheese macaronis, black pepper cristallineL'Epeautre - Sault farrow prepared risotto style, gold leafLa Poire William - William pear on a sorbet and confit in black currantLe Chocolat - Melting Araguani chocolate with a hint of peppermintLa Crme Glace - Raspberry sorbet, vanilla and coffee ice cream, and an orange tuileLa Cafe ou le The - escorte de mignardisesFor a full review check out my blog.Be warned perfection has its price and ours came out to 775 a head.
5	I've had a few really wonderful meals, but this tops my list.  My husband planned a wonderful surprise trip to Vegas for Valentines Day and included the most memorable meal so far.  Every sense is stimulated.. I know I sound like a food snob, but the decor, ambiance, service and not to mention the16 course meal is perfect.  The service really is impecable and the breads are heavenly.  We particularly loved the gruyere brioche.  The amuse bouch was the only thing that I didn't love.  The 4th or 5th course was a Robuchon specialty of langostine ravioli with a fois gras reduction which was too die for.  My husband loved and the waygu beef course, I believe his exact words were " I don't know if I've ever tasted anything before".  It was expensive, $1100 after tax and tip for 2 but worth every penny.
5	This is for Joel Robuchon fine dining, not L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon.Heart-stoppingly good ... and expensive. Incredible service, food, presentation and ambiance.Unless you plan to come here on multiple occasions, get the tasting menu - if not the 16-course, the 6-course. The bread cart alone warrants five stars. The gruyere brioche haunted my dreams ...
5	Simply the best.  Joel Robuchon makes you forget that you are dining in a casino...We sat in the side room filled will ivy walls, perfectly planted flowers and lit by candles.  Their staff makes you feel makes feel like you are the only one in the entire restaurant. We started the evening out with some of the best champagne and then moved to bottles of wine to accompany our 7 course dinner...3 hours easily flew by.   Every course was perfectly presented and tasted wonderfully.  Yes it was pricey, but it's worth every penny! Joel Robuchon definitely sets the bar and made my date night memorable.
3	i'm probably in the minority here, but i just don't get it...maybe my palate just isn't used to "haute cuisine."  yes, you're completely waited on hand and foot, the food is good and inventive...but i just can't justify a $900 + meal that wasn't mind blowing.  i would have rather spent $900 at bartolotta, where every bite i take makes me want to kiss the chef...or could have bought 2 pairs of jimmy choo or manolo's.
5	Amazing. The service is impeccable--they anticipate your every need. Your glass of water will not have any ice cubes in it yet is the perfect temperature every time you go to drink from it. Waiters are very friendly if you want them to be, but deliver silent, seamless service if that's the route you want to go. The food, of course, is perfection. The foie gras burgers--to die for. Dessert is in another league. Worth every penny. And don't forget to check out the paper towels in the bathroom.
5	In the City of Sin, this place is HEAVEN!If you know that there's no way of you entering through the pearly gates of afterlife or if you'd just like to experience it now, you MUST go to Joel Robuchon at the Mansion.  True, the price tag is steep.  But, can you really put a price on the culinary apex.  (I use the word apex because it's all downhill from here.)From one dish to the next Chef Le Tohic just challenges your imagination and palette.  On June 1, 2008, his 16 course tasting menu took us on a mariner's voyage.On a final note, sixteen courses were tough.  Everything was a dream, it was all so good that I forgot to pace myself.  It nearly put me in a (food) coma, and that's when boyfriend started singing... girlfriend in a coma, i know, i know, it's serious.  (silly)Thank you Chef Le Tohic and your staff, especially Jan, our amazing table attendant.  You made my birthday a very memorable experience.==================================Our menu is as follows:  (Amanda B. took great pictures of the meal that night, see Photos)0. Bread - You have to see this.  It's a well presented bread tray, baked fresh daily with nearly twenty varieties.  And, they have them reheated after you choose so they arrive warm.1. L'AspergeBlanche - White Asparagus "Panna Cotta", fresh almonds and lemon grass. - This was simple, refreshing, and well presented dish.2. La Tomate - Salad of tomato, olive oil with basil, tomato gelee topped with mozzarella cheese. - This dish came in two parts, but meant to be consumed together.  The gelee looked like a plate of miniature eyes.  And, the staff shuck the gelee after they sit it down that it made me giggle seeing all those moving eyes looking at me.  But, back to the dish itself.  Wow!  The tomato was such a delight and the gelee made it a really fun dish.3, 4, 5. Le Caviar - thin couscous and Oscetra caviar, smooth cauliflower cream, delicate gelle of green asparagus. - This trio of caviar from Iran was heaven on earth.6. L'CEuf - Egg yolk in a baby spinach ravioli with morels. - When we cracked into to this ravioli, the quail yolk just oozed goodness.7. La Saint-Jacques - Scallops royal with chive emulsion and buckwheat tuile. - The tuile made this dish very playful.8. Les Crustaces - Truffle langoustine raviloli with chopped cabbage, sea urchin, potato puree with hint of coffee and ginger perfumed tea. - Jan highly recommended the langoustine in this trio.  According to him, it is the best dish he's ever had.  And, I have to say, the langoustine is pretty high up on my list too.9. Les Petits Pois - Light pea veloute with mint on top of delicate sweet onion custard. - Good dish, but, at this point, I began to slow down.  Lucky for me, my boyfriend loves a good pea veloute.10. Le Thon - smoked and seared tuna, cauliflower, nori and green curry. - Yummy yellowtail.11. Le Veau - Sautee veal chop with natural jus and vegetable tagliernis flavored with pesto. - The rosemary on the dish was very powerful to the nose.  But, set that aside, the veal was perfect.12. Les Pousses de Soja - Soy beans cooked risotto style with lemon zests and coriander. - The soy bean was presented to me in a way that I never had it before, and it was good.13. L'Acai - Red fruits franite, fresh raspberry and yogurt sorbet.  - This dish really woke me up.  Very refreshing, very good.14. Le Caramel - Caramel cremeux infused with Arabica, chocolate rice soufle.  - Oh, men!  Think of a multi-layered dessert where you have to take your spoon and dip it through all the layers, then in one quick swoop, pull it up and take the perfect bite of chocolate goodness.  As a chocoholic, it was very nice!15. Raspberry Ice Cream Cake - A full raspberry ice cream cake (that could serve 8 people and there were only two at the table) arrived at our table with a candle and everyone wished me a happy birthday, a very sweet touch.  We had this with our favorite teas, I blache and my boyfriend oolong.16 - Le Cafe ou le The - escorte de mignardishes - special tasting of varieties sweet desserts. - I could barely take a bite of the cake, let alone the sweets.  We had a great and the staff was amazing.  Thus, we entrusted Jan to put together a couple boxes of goodies, which was accompanied by two copies of the menu and another full 8" tall, 8" round fruit cake.
5	The first Michelin 3 Star restaurant I've been to. Regret not ordering the tasting menu but regardless the food was amazing. The bread cart was a little overwhelming with 50+ types of bread to choose from but I'm not complaining. At times, I felt like I was being watched over by the waiters (one of them actually asked me if I didn't like my food just because I didn't finish every last bite). Overall, it's a great place if you have lots of money to blow on impeccable food and beautiful presentation. It was one of the most impressive meals I've ever had but I could definitely do without the stuffy service.
5	I can't remember everything I ate, what with the 15 or so courses on the discovery menu, but I do remember the way it made me feel; some of it was really transcendent. I remember an exciting amuse bouche of lemon gelee with fennel creme, a delicious frothy asparagus "cappuccino," the most divine and buttery seared scallop, a simply perfect piece of sea bass, and two novel desserts -- one that included subtle-flavored olive ice cream and the other a fantastic pistachio concoction. While those were the standouts, everything was quite good (there were also carpaccios of fish, a lobster soup with geleed vegetables, and a pork chop with spicy mustard). Expensive, definitely,  especially with the added cocktails and wine, but worth it for an evening's experience of the best of food and wine with friends.
4	I almost didn't keep this reservation since I was interested in doing other things and had already splashed on food this week. But after a long day I felt like I needed to stay faithful to the vacation part of my trip. When I got there I had already decided not to do the tasting menu; I wanted a normal meal and I didn't want to feel fit to burst at the end of it. The decor in the place is great -- very dark and though highly stylized, also unassuming in a certain way. You don't feel like part of a spectacle if you are alone. I was seated next to a lady and her son and we talked the whole time; they ended up sharing his birthday cake with me. You don't necessarily have to feel you must interact with your neighbor though. There were people on the other side of me  who were having a perfectly fine time and I don't even remember anything about them.The service is interesting -- the waiters, hosts, sommaliers, and servers are all behind the bar. It looks crowded at times but it's an interesting show. I decided to have the lobster salad and hangar steak. They were both wonderful -- I will always remember them. The salad was a large amount of lobster formed in a perfect circle on top of chilled, dressed lettuce, with the claw meat sticking out at the sides. Very pretty and the sherry dressing was just right on the sweet tender lobster - a bit of zest but not too overwhelming while supporting the sweetness of the lobster. This wasn't too rich. I  had a glass of Sancerre with it.The hangar steak was highly memorable. I don't eat much red meat and I knew just what I craved in a steak that night, and it was perfect. Just the right size, seared perfectly on the outside with delicate carmelized shallots on top. I hear the hangar steak is not a common cut any more, but it's perfect - no bone and just the right amount of marbelized fat, very tender and easy to finish off. I had a cotes du rhone with this.At the end, my neighbors shared a huge raspberry tart they gave the son for his birthday. A lovely layer of shortbread with just these big fresh birthday berries arranged atop -- the berries were huge and actually tasted like delicious raspberries (these days so many berries look great but taste like nothing).I also enjoyed the chocolate pudding dessert at the end. I can't recall the exact name but I'll add it later. Essentially it was a mousse with a blob of delicious vanilla ice cream in the center, and they literally smashed up oreos and formed them into a dome on top of the ice cream. On the oreo dome was a round sheet of thin chocolate glazed with gold and dotted with yellow and red fruit puree which looked like jewels. There were also crispy bits of chocolate wafer at the very bottom of the dish.I think almost anyone could find something to like here. The question is would the service, atmosphere, and definitely top standard preparation of the food really justify the price. I can't answer that for anyone else - I might consider going back here with friends. The thing I have a harder time with than paying that  much for food (because the ingredients and preparation *are* top quality and the service *is* excellent) is the wine actually. Two glasses of decent affordable by the bottle wine were 40 dollars, and I could buy both bottles and perhaps a third for that much at Bev-Mo. Alchohol is of course  a profit center for restaurants and it was a fine accompaniment to the meal, but I just don't quite get the point of driving the cost of a meal up nearly 50% with pretty much nice table wines. Other gourmands may disagree.
5	The wife and I recently went to celebrate our first anniversary. This was a great pick to mark that special occasion. The restaurant is a surprisingly small, intimate dining room with blue velvet booths (we scored one instead of a table), a stunning crystal chandelier, a nice grand piano in the corner being played throughout the evening, beautiful floral arrangements, waiters that bring food out like you've seen in the movies, about what you'd expect for what you spend there. Without going into boring details on everything, overall I would say if you can afford it and you enjoy fine cuisine, you probably can't go wrong here. If, however, you're like me and enjoy good food but aren't particularly well versed in fine French cuisine, you might want to save yourself a lot of money and go dine in one of Vegas' many other excellent restaurants that are still pricey but don't even come close to Rubochon's prices. OK, that being said, I'm going to describe each of the 16 courses I had with a brief commentary in case you're wondering what you might expect (I think they change it up nightly, so I wouldn't expect the same thing, but I'm sure it's similar).First: L'Asperge Blanche. White asparagus "panna cotta", fresh almonds and lemon grass. Review: awesome.Second: La Tomate. Tomato with olive oil, basil, tomato gelee, topped with mozarella. Review: best friggin' tomato you'll ever eat. They serve it like a sliced patty with the oil drenched inside of it.Third: Le Caviar. Thin couscous and Oscetra caviar, smooth cauliflower cream, green asparagus gelee. Review: I'm not a huge fan of Caviar but this was pretty good and I'm sure it would make a Caviar connesieur blush.Fourth: L'Euf. Egg yolk in baby spinach ravioli with morels. Review: like everything else, the portion served is tiny. This was I think a single ravioli (or maybe two) with a very exquisite sauce and interior. Of course, unlike any ravioli you've probably ever tasted and pretty awesome.Fifth: La Saint-Jacques. Scallops royal with chive emulsion and buckwheat tuile. Review: Incredible scallops. Best I've had by far.Sixth: Les Crustaces. Truffled langoustine ravioli with chopped cabbage, Sea urchin, potato puree with a hint of coffee, coral and ginger perfumed tea. Review: to be honest it's hard to remember each dish a week later from memory, I didn't take notes on each, although I think some people do this. The waiters didn't seem offended when I broke out the camera on a few occasions to snap pics of the entrees. If I remember correctly this was a pretty damn good ravioli.Seventh: Les Petits Pois. Light pea veloute with mint on top of a delicate sweet onion custard. Review: This was really zippy and good. My reviews are pretty Simpleton I know but I'm really typing out the menu more for your enjoyment than thinking my reviews will leave you speechless.Eighth: Le Thon. Smoked and seared Tuna, cauliflower, Nori and green curry. This one I remember well. Really amazing Tuna. Stunning even. Ninth: I asked at the beginning of the meal for the Kobe beef. They said "no problem, we'll give you whatever you'd like." So, here they substituted the Veal for the Kobe beef I asked for. It was of course real Kobe beef, and it was tender as can be and rich in flavor. I won't say it was the best cut of beef I've ever had as I'm a fan of great steakhouses, but this was serious beef and I can't say anything bad about it.Tenth: Les Pousses de Soja. Soy beans cooked risotto style with lemon zests and coriander. A very small risotto that was nice after the heavier courses and was excellent. Eleventh: Dessert time. L'Acai. Red fruits granite, fresh raspberry and yogurt sorbet. A very pretty raspberry yogurt sorbet that was good, but not a total knockout. Beautiful presentation of course.Twelfth: Le Caramel. Caramel cremeux infused with Arabica, chocolate rice souffle. This was awesome. Even better though, the wife doesn't like fruity desserts, so she sent hers back. They were very apologetic and were not offended in the least. Shortly after, they brought out a dessert for her that could not have been any more to her liking. It was as if they knew everything about her. They brought her a fresh strawberry (I think it might have been in a light strawberry sauce), then poured white chocolate on it at the table. The strawberry dish was swirled in cotton candy, her favorite. She was, pardon me for saying so (and sadly not a result of my doing), orgasmic. Think of the Meg Ryan scene in "When Harry met Sally." That was her eating her dessert, and that scene, aptly captured on my new Flip camcorder, was worth the price of admission alone. Thank you Joel Rubuchon for a truly amazing experience.
5	(Seems like someone merged/mangled/messed up the mansion and L'Atelier reviews, so I moved mine over to the new Robuchon reviews)unfortunately I can't put down 10 stars...definitely best meal (for restaurants) so far in my life.I'll write a comprehensive review later.
2	The irony is that I spent more on this meal than any other in my life and enjoyed it the least.  I would never order a single thing that I ate here ever again.  Some of the most bland, non-descript, unimpressive food that I have eaten anywhere.  And before you assume that I simply "do not appreciate good food", let it be known that I just returned from Sonoma where I dined at Thomas Keller's French Laundry and eat regularly at Gary Danko in San Francisco.Let me start with the four best parts of Joel Robuchon at the Mansion.  The bartender in the lounge was cool, knowledgable and professional.  The drinks were ridiculous, but the bartender was great.  Second, the atmosphere is impressive, albeit a bit outlandish.  It's amazing how quiet it is in here, you would never know that you were in loud Las Vegas.  Third, the bread cart is outstanding.  There are many different types of amazing breads, and you had best load up on them if you dont plan to grab a burger somewhere else before you go to bed.  Last was the included sorbets.  My favorite part of the meal.  As for the 6 course crustacean menu itself, it was not good.  One seafood gel in an egg cup with sea urchin roe (tasty, probably the best item), two tiny lobster "raviolis" (not very exciting), one shrimp wrapped in a spider-web like pastry with asparagus and caviar (very basic and unimpressive), a half-ping pong ball sized lump of king crab (blah), another ball of lobster served in a bowl with broth (very blah),  and then a raspberry gel desert which was tasty.  My friend had the cheaper menu and it looked far better.  The Kobe beef dish was amazing, far and away the best thing on the table.  In short, this meal was boring, with common -place ingredients, small and very, very expensive ($350).  The servers rarely described the food, and were only around to refill the very, very expensive water.  Service here should be ridiculously good, and it was just the opposite.  The sommelier was annoying and not as knowledgable as you would expect.Gary Danko and French Laundry are far , far better and, although also expensive, much more worthy of your money.
5	I realize that I do not have enough places to write about, so this is a backdated review from December 31, 2007.  This place was quite impressive and all the hype shared from my fellow yelpers was wonderful.  I don't know why anyone didn't yelp about the midget in a miniskirt under the table that made this experience worthwhile.  (joke)  Frankly, there is not much to say about Joel Robuchon that not everyone else hasn't said.  So, for our first New Years (please note this review is 7 months overdue), tina and i go to this so-called mecca to dining.  Recently awarded with the elusive third star from Michelin, it was quite the dining experience that I probably will never do again (read maybe in a couple of years or maybe at french laundry).  Sorry baby.  It's our first NYE, so we chose the 16 course menu.  15 foot doors guard the entrance to this palace and there is a sense of attention to detail that exhudes arrogance and elitism.  When I walk into a restaurant like this, I immediately feel like Julia Roberts from Pretty Woman (scene where Richard Gere takes her shopping after her lousy experience and they suck up to her) (yes, i made a reference to pretty woman.  yes, it is pretty lame.  and yes, you all know exactly what i mean).  That being said, I was surprised when Tina and I walked in to check in and asked if there was restroom inside to use, and the lady lied and said, "no".  When she realized we were dining there, she apologized profusely on her hands and knees begging that I not chop her head off with the gladiator ax hanging on my belt.  Ok, that didn't really happen but I personally felt that she should have done that, especially since I went through the trouble of bringing my gladiator ax.Anyway, great place.  The bread was too good, and it filled me up before I could properly enjoy meal.  There were 14 courses in between split between 6 or 7 different plates.  Honestly, too many courses, too much rich and delicious food.  Things that stood out were the sea urchin, lobster, and kobe beef were the kind of good where you can't eat another bite and you still force it down.  The dessert cart was just excess.  I know GF is reading this review and shaking her head at my poor description of the food.  Let's say, it was great and worth it.Advice to Guys:  Only go there with someone you really care about b/c you could probably go next door to L'talier for half the price and end with the same results for some girl you are trying to impress.Other Advice:  They offered us a glass of champagne when we sat down.  I thought it was free since I was about to blow 4 digits on a meal for two people but guess what, it's not!  Those two glasses of champagne added another $80 to our bill, which was like getting a shopping cart spoiler on an SUV.  (Read:  Completely unnecessary).
5	A five-star restaurant I will never eat at again (I don't plan to anyway, and I am nothing if not unpredictable.) This food is the kind of thing you see prepped at the Bocuse D'or, just unreal food that is shockingly meant to be eaten.   I didn't take pics because at the time I was not blogging yet, but there are pics aplenty in the interwebs to intrigue you.  This could and maybe should be a once in a lifetime experience due to the expense.  But everyone should experience this once.
5	I wanted to save the review of Joel Robuchon for this moment...my 100th review, in honor of my 100% appreciation for being responsible for 3 of the most memorable meals of my life.Thank you.For:*Absolute attention to detail...you even gave my vintage handbag it's own pretty little purple perch, on which to rest, for the duration of the evening on my first visit.*The bread cart.Aaaah, that lardon bread, gruyere brioche, saffron brioche, bagette....bread, beautiful bread.*Oh, and the butter.*The delightful, professional, enjoyable service.*The artistry of each dish.*The sauces...inspiring enough for me to lose all sense of civility and use my finger to get to the bottom of that one little dish to get the very last bit of the sauce.*Making me giggle becaue the crunch of the frog leg fritter was so impressive.*The wine pairing!  Wow.*The ability to create a seamless service even though I ordered the long menu and my date ordered the short...wow, now that's impressive.*The timing of everything.*The cheese!!! Oh my stars, the cheese!  And the fact that you were kind enough to write down each cheese we had eaten along with a description for each, (including the one that we had described as "puppy-breath butt-stank" I was mortified that y'all had obviously overheard us...the funny thing is, that one was my favorite).*The little petit fours cart.  It was so beautiful, along with the  you sent home with us.I cannot thank you enough for being as impressive, considerate, and wonderful as my date for the eveing is.I must have done something wonderful in a past-life to have had the good fortune to dine here more than once and look forward to my next visit.
5	16 course menu.L'Avocat - Avocado puree in a thin herb gelee and olive oil flavored curd cheeseLe Caviar - Green Asparagus topped with Oscetra caviar, delicate gelee and a smooth cauliflower cream, thin couscous and oscetra caviarLe Saint-Jacques - Pan seared scallops with fregolas pastas and coral emulsionLa Langoustine - Truffled langoustine ravioli with stewed cabbageLa Symphonie de Truffe - Black Truffle in hot pastry, onions and smoked ham, Fall vegetables in green cabbage ravioli, Light truffle cream on top of custardL'Ormeau - Abalone, baby leeks in a ginger bouillonL'Amadai - Amadai (tile fish) in a lily bulb brothLe Turbot - Roasted turbot "on the bone" with celery and truffle stewLe Boeuf - Grilled Kobe beef, roasted foie gras with port, cheese macaronis, black pepper cristallineL'Epeautre - Sault farrow prepared risotto style, gold leafLa Poire William - William pear on a sorbet and confit in black currantLe Chocolat - Melting Araguani chocolate with a hint of peppermintLa Crme Glace - Raspberry sorbet, vanilla and coffee ice cream, and an orange tuileLa Cafe ou le The - escorte de mignardises
5	This was probably the best meal of my life!  I had the 16 course menu back in January 2008, and it was phenomenal.  Probably the most expensive meal of my life, but you only live once, right?The Robuchon style is very elegant and sophisticated yet fun and whimsical at the same time.  Where else can you find strange little baubles and ribbon on your table and plate?  Presentation seems wacky if you pick pieces apart, but put it all together, and it works.  I ate during truffle season!  This is the way to go-- wait for the truffle menu to come around.  The truffle tart was outrageous.  The bread cart and dessert trolley make the meal beyond great.  Where else does this happen?  (A side note: I ate at the French Laundry less than a month before Robuchon, and Robuchon blew FL out of the water.  At Robuchon I had 16 courses plus a bread trolley, sorbet and petit four trolley in 3 hours; at the Laundry we had 14 courses in 5 hours.  The French Laundry was seriously lagging and everything was sooo rich, we were full halfway through.  Unlike the French Laundry, the flow of service and amount of food at Robuchon were perfect.)Robuchon is a fantastic place to eat.  It's not just a restaurant, it's an experience.
4	A few friends and I were up in Vegas back in June 2008 and we decided that we wanted to splurge on a nice dinner and it didn't take long for us to all agree on Joel Robuchon at The Mansion.  Once you're inside the restaurant, you feel world's away from the casinos, even though the restaurant is technically in the MGM casino.  The restaurant is very nice and sophisticated inside.  They sat us in a darkly lit bar room, decorated in black and red velvet, while we waited for our table.  Contrasting that, the dining area was brightly lit with a beach-like theme as the table was decorated with a sea blue with seashells.  Very nice decor all throughout the restaurant.  They started off by pushing in a bread cart.  This wasn't just any cart of bread, it was the most impressive assortment of breads I had ever encountered.  The bread twist with bacon was absolutely delicious!  So I should mention that we opted for the $250 6-course menu (for $75 more, you could get the seafood menu): - white asparagus "panina cotta" with french almonds and citrus - caviar with haricots verts salad, lemon grass - light pea veloute on top of sweet onion custard - jus of artichokes - grilled kobe beef, bone marrow, hearts of palm, spiral of potatoes - sliced strawberry in poppy syrup, marshmellow in white chocolate, strawberry milkshakeEverything was delicious and the plating was very creative.  However, nothing was really to die for and I don't know if I would pay over $300 (after tax/tip) for that meal again.  I read other reviews that raved about the meal and noticed reference to the crustacean menu.  Who knows, maybe it would've been worth forking out the additional $75 for it.  Either way, it was a very pleasant experience and the service was excellent.  They come out with an impressive desert cart at the end of the meal where they plate all the desert pieces you choose.  And they also give you a pan of banana bread to take home with you.  The food was excellent but I think I prefer French Laundry, which was also less than Robuchon.Something worth mentioning, while we were dining, we noticed photographers near the entrance.  Turns out it was Tony Parker/Eva Longoria, and they ended up dining behind us.  :)
5	My lord the food is good. Decor is tacky. Service impeccable but a bit stuffy. The weirdest thing about this place is that there are no windows and you walk out into the trashiest scene of five cent slots when you leave. Bizarre juxtaposition. If I were to rate this based on value it'd get 3 stars. You can get amazing food almost on par as this for half the cost but my lord is everything , and I mean EVERYTHING HERE DELICIOUS.Definitely once in a lifetime. I'm fairly positive I'll never be back mostly because I hate Vegas, but secondly because it's practically a down payment on a new home.
5	the best food in vegas or anywhere in the US in my opinion.
5	Holy Crap!  I think I have died and gone to food heaven!  The decor is absolutely amazing!  The tables are beautifully set with china, silver and some ribbon.  We were sat in an area of the restaurant that had its own garden.  Just the decor alone is to die for.  The service was amazing and the food even better. We did a 7-course white truffle tasting menu. It was absolutely amazing.  I am not the biggest fan of truffles and all these dishes were fantastic. I cleaned my plate on each course. It was a ton of food. You think it really isn't because it looks so small when it comes out, but after the 3rd or 4th you wonder when will it ever stop? Everything is delicious and extravagent.  I probably will not ever eat here again simply because it's extremely expensive, but I am so happy I got to experience it. It truly is a once-in-a-lifetime experience that I will never forget.
5	We barely didn't make it here as it was New Year's week and all of the restaurants on the Strip seemed to have been booked like there was no tomorrow!  Lucky for us, the wonderful MGM concierge were able to book us a (albeit very late!) reservation.When I first walked in, I couldn't decide whether or not I hated or loved the decor.  Yes, it was "fancy"...but I couldn't help but think that I was inside a Christmas present!  Everything was sparkly and our table had these little gold balls strewn about, with a very glittery/sparkly table runner and these glittery twigs of some sort as the centerpiece.  I was a bit distracted at best until our waiter came and his French accent made me forget about the decor - at least for a moment or so.I loved that the menu given to me didn't have prices, but the one given to my husband did!  I also love the bread cart that they bring out before dinner.  The milk bread was deelish, but I can do without the bacon twist (?)  As far as dinner went -- we had the 6 course tasting menu and every little dish served to us was fantastic!  My fave?  The chorizo soup...omg, that was to die for!  But everything was so good, it was fairly difficult to pick just one!  I would love to come here again, but it's definitely a once in a lifetime deal...unless, of course, you've got some major cash to spare!
5	OMG!  My first 3 star expereience and my longest meal ever.  16 course meal for 4 hours.    Starting from the cart of all different kinds of bread to the full cart of petite desserts, I was so impressed that I forgot to take pictures!!!  ahhh.... Overall, it was definitly a great experience.  I wanted to steal that cart of dessert and bread home!!  YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!!!
5	Ok I went to this place because I went to this same restaurant in Monaco when I stayed at the Hotel Metropole when I went there on vacation.  The food was great just as good as in Monaco.If you go here then you should get the 16 course tasting menu.  I took my mother here for her birthday and 2 of her friends.  I was a little light headed when I saw the bill lol.  Although just like a place called Alex in vegas, you dont come to these places unless its a special accasion.Beleive it or not, the hotel, the car rental and the gambling was less then this bill. hahaha.
4	I'm new to French food, but it was a great experience. I really thought the bill was going to come out to be $1k (bc all the reviews made it seem pretty darn steep), but with tax, no tip, the bill for 2 was $350. I went for the ala carte menu because I wasn't too sure about all the dishes in the tasting menu. Also, we weren't starving, so 6 courses seemed to be a lot . Even though my boyfriend and I ordered 2 entrees and 1 dessert, we came out stuffed. The ambiance: quiet and formal. Seriously...I kind of messed up which spoon to use and it made me nervous. But it's bright with very nice flowers.. To start, they gave us caviar surprise on the house. I even mentioned to the waiter, we didn't order the tasting menu, but they said everyone gets one. WOW. It was really good. Basically it was some creme, crab meat, and spices topped with caviar. Very nice. Then, again on the house, was a pea soup. Quite nice too. Then came the bread cart. It has like 20 varieties for you to choose from. At this point, I was already full. Then came the main course, I had lobster and my boyfriend had veal. The lobster was topped with cubes of truffles. The sauce was infused with flavor. There was a side of gold leaves, but that was more for decoration. I ate it anyways.  The veal was very evenly braised. Very flavorful as well. It had a side of pesto noodles and olives. Quite filling. They cut it in two portions and leave the 2nd portion in a heater so it's still warm while you are eating the 1st portion. Also, the 2nd portion came with a flavorful mini salad. Then we had our dessert, the chocolate souffle. It was alright. Nothing really too special. Should have gone with something more unique. Then we had complementary ice cream: caramel, vanilla, or raspberry sorbet. Last was the tray of desserts. They have everything from chocolate truffles to French macarons. I was way too stuffed but everything was oh so good. Oh yes, I got to bring home lemon cake. Not like one slice, it's an entire loaf. So I understand that prices for each dish is steep, but it includes so much more. Also, the ingredients are high-end ingredients, and they give a generous amount of those ingredients. Therefore, it was quite a justified price to pay for, in addition to their unbeatable service and attention to detail. BTW, glass of champagne is $35. Flat water is $10 for the table. Lobster was $150. Veal was $100. Souffle was $25. That's the ball park of things. Appetizers are $65 to $100. So, for a good occasion, I think it's a decent place to go once or twice a year, but not daily, unless you are rich. Not everything will blow you away, but the flavors will.
4	This place takes your money faster than the casino. The food is Michelin 3 star good, but damn is it it expensive. After eating at French Laundry, I said the same thing, but felt it was a deal; here not so much. The decor and details are all there. I kept chuckling to myself every time  someone entered the restaurant, as the serene atmosphere was invaded by the noise and trash just outside the door. The contrast is really quite extreme.The service is technically impeccable, but is missing its humanity. It seems their approach to training staff is to dunk them in a vat of French snobbery and call it a day. Seriously, the entire French population of Vegas works here. It just lacks the understated grace that is French Laundry.Should this review be listed under The French Laundry?
5	This is the "Gold standard" in the culinary world. The prices were good and our meal was something I'll treasure forever. ROBUCHON I was honorred to dine in your restraunt.
5	The best restaurant I have ever been to, by degrees.  I was a concierge when I was invited to Joel Robuchon's Mansion, and they had just barely opened.  I will never forget the meal I had there.  Each course was beautiful, and each dish was a never flavor experience.  The bread courses were a study in baking.I had to fight my desire to take the desert tray and run.  The whole experience was amazing.
5	You walk into Joel Robuchon and know that every detail is going to be taken care of. The interior was so beautiful. We sat in their atrium which had a wall covered in beautiful green flowers and were nice and secluded; we felt like we could be a little louder here than in the somber, yet gorgeous dining room. The wait staff was phenomenal and they seemed to adapt their personalities to their customers - they could tell that we wanted to be a little bit more laid back than the atmosphere so they brought it down a notch for us. The food was nothing if not spectacularly presented and everything was very flavorful. One of my favorites was a tomato and mozzarella salad - now that would sound simple if you were dining at any other restaurant, but here it was quite a masterpiece. I also enjoyed the Pea soup, the turbot and the lamb. (I normally don't eat quite so many dishes, but all of the menu choices were Prix fix.) My favorite things about the restaurant are the cheese and pastry carts - the things that add ceremony to the evening and that make a dinner at this restaurant an experience rather than a meal. I guess my only complaint is that the dinner was so well orchestrated it seemed as if some of the soul was missing.
5	This is the finest restaurant in the country bar none. Quite possibly, the best restaurant in the world.
5	This is the first 3 Michellin star restaurant I had ever been to and it was truly the epitome of fine dining. When we went we had the tasting and some of the highlights were the  the Le Topinambour (Parmesan flan with sunchoke cream and duck confit), Le Bar (Pan-fried sea bass with a lemon grass foam and stewed baby leeks), and the best dish was the L'Epaule d'Agneau (Braised Lamb shoulder flavored meridional spices with semolina and black truffles). The service was absolutely amazing and we were lucky enough to get a tour of the kitchen and I must say I was completely impressed with the speed and efficiency at which the kitchen worked. What was most amazing was the fact that the line was completely silent. Overal, a great experience......until we got our $1,400 bill. But it's only expected when you go to a restaurant of this caliber.
5	My 50th review.  Yay.Had the 16 course tasting meal.  One of the best meals of my life.  I can see how the decor is kind of love it or hate it.  I loved it.Excellent service.  The GM came over and had a 15 minute conversation with us.  He then came back to take our order.  Very classy.  After the meal he gave us a very un-rushed kitchen tour.  Throughout the rest of the meal we received incredible service.  I didn't realize that this is the flagship restaurant in the U.S.  It's Robuchon's only fine dining restaurant in North America.  Other two are in Tokyo and Macao.  The Asian influence was apparent throughout the meal.First they bring out the bread cart.  She rattled off like 20 different types of bread then took a deep breath and pointed at the shelf below and rattled off another 6 or 7.  Wow.  Baking done in house.  We tried 9-10 different types of bread - everything great - my fav was the saffron brioche.  The plating of the dishes was beautiful and creative. Every plate was custom made to go with the dish.  The plates also go with the decor.  This was the most visually appealing dining experience I've ever had anywhere.The starter was Osetra caviar over three kinds of crab.  This was amazing but I'll take Keller's oysters and pearls over this.  The plating though was extremely creative - served in a tin on an engraved plaque.Next course was coriander soup with deep fried cilantro and a bruchetta.  I have a little bit of a problem with deconstructed dishes.  I think it's because I'm an idiot.  I never know what to eat first or what to dip in what.  The coriander soup was delicious but a little too plentiful to be just drinking it straight.  I wasn't sure if I was supposed to put the fried ciliantro in there and then dip the bruchetta or what.  Still it was a lovely dish and a nice way to open up the palete.The next dish was one of my favs.  Perfectly cooked scallop in ginger/leek broth.  Next was the frog leg.  Wow.  Probably my fav course.  I wish I could take like a dozen of these things to go.  One of the best dishes I've had anywhere in my life.  Bursting with flavor and umami goodness.Next was another one of these deconstructed dishes.  One plate had cooked uni over spiced spinach.  I didn't like the uni.  I know uni is out of season right now, but I've had some excellent uni (cooked and raw) in the last couple of weeks.  Also part of this course was lemongrass roasted lobster - decent.  And finally, was a langostine ball in some curry tea.  That was awesome - bursting with flavor.  Reminded me of a shrimp ball you'd find in saimin - the best "shrimp ball" I've ever had.Next was like a pea puree poured into an onion foam.  I was skeptical when I saw this but wow - it was yum.  One of my fav courses.Next was sea bass which unfortunately was way overcooked and underseasoned.  This was perhaps the only blemish on the meal.Next was sliced foie gras in cabbage ravioli.  Excellent dish - although it is a different experience than eating seared foie gras that melts in your mouth.  Also the cabbage was a little chewy and difficult to cut and I kind of choked on it a little.Next was a deconstructed trio of Kobe beef.  First was ribeye stuffed with carrot and also on that plate was heart of palm stuffed with bone marrow.  NOTE:  EAT A PIECE OF THE RIBEYE AND ONE OF THE MARROW/PALMS IN ONE BITE - much more synergy than eating separately as the marrow explodes in your mouth and complements the meat.  Also was Kobe cheek over silky mashed potatoes.  Definitely best cow cheek I've had.  And finally was a covered bowl of stew that was uncovered by the server when you were ready to eat it.  Very creative and delicious.Finishing off the savory courses was some spring root vegetables over couscous served in a tangine (nice touch).  Probably best couscous  I've ever had.  Very fresh tasting green beans.The desert courses started with picturesque fruit soup served with flowers.  Then a desert tray with as many choices of ganaches, candies and chocolates as the bread cart.  And finally your choice of multiple types of yummy sorbet.  In spite of an off dish or two, everything else was so next-level that I can comfortably say this is one of the best meals I've eaten in my life and without a doubt the best restaurant in Vegas.  Worth every penny - actually for $500/man I say it's a steal.  I can't wait to go back.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for quite sometime, we actually ate here back in the end of January. Slacker I know... So I'm keeping it simple because I took a lot of photos so you could see for yourselves the opulence that awaits you. (good ole iphone, ilove) We've been lucky enough to dine at both 3 Michelin Star rated restaurants on the West Coast now, the other being Thomas Keller's French Laundry (Yountville/Napa) of course. Joel Robuchon is a world-renowned French Chef whose is also known as "Chef of the Century", so I will humbly write my thoughts. Can humble and opinionated work together?? hmnnn... The experience was really quite wonderful, the bread cart and desert carts alone create in you a sense of awe. This surprised me, because lots of reputable Chefs have come to Vegas and opened restaurants, but somehow most fail to bring the quality and class of a real exquisite fine dining experience. It's funny to walk through slots to get here, when you walk in, you feel as though you just fell through the back of someones closet into Narnia. The whole vibe and essence of this restaurant is over the top FRENCH. It is decorated beautifully, the color hues are so elegant and yet a tad modern. There must have been a Dupioni Silk shortage after they dressed this place! The waitstaff are extremely professional and poised. After a while, we were able to get them to smile and joke with us, they were very friendly and made sure that we had everything we could possibly need. We opted for the 16 course tasting menu. The dishes are beautifully and ornately plated. They are actually almost too ornate. One of the courses even had a special double bowl to hold dry ice underneath, so that when they brought out the dish you had fog seeping out from beneath your glass bowl. I say too ornate because, although we were wowed by the smoke and mirrors.... a little of the taste was lost in translation. I mean the actual ingredients were some of the best available, and yet they did too much with it or to it, to be fully enjoyed for what it was. Had we not gone to The French Laundry the month before, we might of experienced it a little differently. A lot of the dishes main ingredients were the same as the ones at French Laundry, but the difference is that Thomas Keller served the item at it's best without adding too much frou frou. Some food just needs to be served so that you can taste it's perfection. Like butter poached lobster (F.L.), what would you add to it, that wouldn't lessen the flavour and texture of the sweet lobster that has been carefully poached in butter so that the meat stays deliciously delicate instead of rubbery like most?? I didn't really care for the soup with the chorizo in it. (if I'm eating chorizo, i want some huevos too) Also, the bean sprout styled like risotto was Ehh... being asian I've had my fair share of bean sprouts, but not when we're paying $1200 for the 2 of us. Don't get me wrong, the food served at Robuchon's is still probably some of the best you'll ever be priviledged to eat, but if I had to choose between the two I'd have to say, I'm heading back to Yountville. Unless, of course I actually win while in Vegas, nah.... that'll never happen. Five stars because it was a delicious and memorable experience. How could I rate it less when restaurants serving burgers & burritos are being rated 5 stars??? Yelp really needs more stars, or like a special platinum star.Sorry, thought it was going to be short.  = p
5	sick that is all i can saybadass!!
5	Joel Rubuchon restaurant is the first and only 3 Star Michelin Guide Winner in Las Vegas so I don't need to talk about how great their food is. But I will talk about the reason why they are so expensive (besides their gotta-have-before-I-die mouthwatering dishes).Bread cart: they have this bread cart that they roll to every single table (as many times as you like). You can pick from 20+ different mini bread rolls, sticks, etc. You can ask for as many servings as you like and they will take it to the kitchen, toast it up for you, and bring them back to your table all nice and warm. Cheese cart: I love the most foul, smelliest cheese they can stand to serve in restaurants. I will eat them up!  At Gary Danko, you can only pick a few selections from the cart but at Joel Rubuchon--you can eat til your heart is content! Mignardises cart: as you walk into the restaurant, you see a huge cart of mini chocolates, hard candies, assorted cookies, etc. just waiting for you to devour. We only had two hours to dine then had to rush out to watch KA next door, so I didn't get my pick from the Mignardises cart. Damn the 6-course tasting menu!  I was so sad. I wished I had asked them to pack some to-go but was too scared to ask. Make sure you give yourself at least 3 hours to dine!And last but certainly not least: Service & Decor: Every time you get up out of your seat, you get a new napkin. WTH is that really necessary? I guess so if you're paying $700+ for two people. The table setting was over the top -like those platinum weddings you see on WEtv for the ridiculously rich folks.  There's a grand piano, beautiful chandeliers with strings of peals hanging from them, fresh flower vases everywhere. And I mean EVERYWHERE. We were seated "outdoor", the entire restaurant is inside the MGM hotel but they have an area where they decorated to look like you're dining on the garden patio.  The entire restaurant was breathtaking. I love the smell and feel of flowers, so for me to be dining surrounded by them was heaven. And it seemed like they had as much servers/employees in the restaurant as customers dining... make sense bc you need a cheese chart person, bread cart person, a change the napkin person, someone to stand near the bathroom and point you to the right direction person, and two different hostess; one to greet, one to open the door for you. And this is all on top of the regular people you would need for a restaurant. Am I exaggerating? No, at least that's what it seemed like... but I'm not complaining. Please please starve yourself for this meal! We had a late lunch at Diego earlier that day so I was not as hungry as I wanted to be for this dinner. I didn't eat much of the bread and the cheese (had to save my appetite for the courses ) yes, I was kicking myself for that! :(Expensive but a must try at least once in your life! I can't wait to come back! Next time, the 16-course tasting! :)
5	One of the best meals I've had in my life.  I love inspired French food, and Joel Robuchon served me some of the most delicious I have had.  My brother and I opted for the 7 course meal with wine pairing.  I'm sad we didn't have the patience for the 16 course, but we might have just died right there in the restaurant after experiencing one of the most powerful waves of food coma in my life.  The small palate opener of caviar and crab was absolutely delightful.  Highlights would be the uni and langostine, super fresh, very sweet and succulent.  The braised veal cheek was melt in your mouth.  The duck and fois gras were superbly executed.  Also had this savory lettuce veloute soup, which they pour into your bowl tableside.  The sommelier and servers provided top notch service.  They even go back and warm up your bread after you select from the huge bread cart.  Suffice it to say, the meal cost an arm and a leg, perhaps all four limbs. But it's some of the best food I've ever eaten.
5	This has to be one of the best restaurants in America. I've had the 16 course tasting menu on my last visit, and the a la carte 5-course on the latest visit. The bread cart is still the most impressive I've seen. Amuse bouche of caviar and crabmeat was delicious. For the soup, I had a japanese-inspired vegetable consomme which was light and tasty. The langoustine and braised veal cheeks dishes were both perfectly cooked and delicious. I had requested an order of the truffle mashed potatoes for the table, for everyone to try, and they were so kind as to bring this out for us at no extra charge. Similar to the bread cart, the cart of mignardises is impressive.Very cool - if you're not staying at the MGM, the restaurant is currently giving complimentary limo service to and from your hotel. You walk through the Mansion part of the hotel which is very nice and totally different from the rest of the hotel. Definitely take them up on this offer.
5	I don't know much about French food, but my experience I had here was exceptional.  My wife loved it more.  The presentation of the dishes were extraodinary, and the taste... superb!  Only mistake I made was ordering everything on the menu for me and wife to try.  It was our anniversary and  my wife's birthday so I wanted her to try everything.  Everything was delectable, but I had to be rolled out of the restaurant. Not a big fan of French food, but this restaurant certainly impressed me.
4	For the Price and for the name of Joel Robuchon .. if you never try other branch ..The best one should be the one in Tokyo Ebisu . The delicate setting of food is double then Vegas yet the price is cheaper . Service is better too . so that one will be my 5 stars or 6 stars . Joel Robuchon is a great chef . The best I ever had . but this Vegas store has disappoint me a lot .
5	The best restaurant experience I've ever had.The service is perfection, the setting and decor is excellent. But nothing is as important as the amazing food. Robuchon is not just about perfection in cooking, or in combining amazing flavors in a harmonious ways. It's about discovering new flavors, by combining ingredients in previously unthought ways, producing tastes which although unprecedented, can be related to previous experiences that diners may have had, thus evoking the "comfort" factor which sometimes can be missed in fine-dining establishments.Robuchon is about the new, about the perfection in everything that he does, about the rediscovery and the full, complete and total satisfaction of his customers.This is trully the best.
5	I had high expectations for this meal and it didn't disappoint.6 course prix fixe menu:  things started off with the massive selection from the bread cart. i can't beging to remember everything, but i had milk bread, bacon, basil.  Was also given an amuse of crab meat served w/ osetra caviar in a 'joel robuchon' tin. Very luxurious and a great start to the meal.Now the selected courses began. in order, I had:Uni, octopus, prawns appetizer served with a seaweed gelatin. It looked interesting and tasted great, this course and the amuse were my favorite of the night.Lettuce veloute with onion foam and bacon. I'm not very experienced in the realm of french soups (give me shark fin or fish stomach soup any day), but for my taste buds this was the downer of the evening.   Overseasoned and not served as hot as I would have preferred. Turbot.. served with octopus, artichokes, tomatoes.. Sort of lost track of what was in this dish as I was starting to get full. Hadn't had turbot before but I'd like to again. Octopus was delicious too just as in the first course. Veal cheeks served in a curry sauce... yeah I feel a little guilty eating veal, but it's easy to get over.  Another very good dish ,but at this point I was stuffed and not enjoying the meal as much. If you had shown me the size of each course before the meal started and told me I would struggle to finish everything I would have just laughed. Damn that bread cart!Cheese cart... just like the bread cart, an impressive presentation of each item was given.. and i can only remember having roquefort , fleur de marquis, and something that resembled orange cottage cheese. Dessert..  I was expecting one course, rasberry and vanilla chou... a nice light pastry... but to top things off, a sample of sorbets was brought out and also yet another cart, this time full full of little chocolate treats. The waiter asked our preferences then made his selections for us.Overall, very happy with the meal. Presentation was very impressive, sometimes over the top, but memorable.  The bill is obnoxious, but no regrets.  I knew going in thinking this would be the most I've ever spent to eat/drink, I found cocktails and the wine list to be reasonable. Nobody comes into a restaurant like this not expecting to pay for (or be treated to) a unique and luxurious dining experience. My only regret was not asking Hosea from Top Chef if he's as lucky at gambling as he is in cooking competitions (he was seated nearby).
5	The eponymous Joel Robuchon restaurant is the only restaurant in Las Vegas boasting 3 Michelin stars, and they are well deserved!  Even New Yorkers have to settle for a mere 1-star Atelier which is not the same.   As such, this restaurant is worth a trip out west.  I opted not for the full degustation menu, but rather the next largest choice, the 6 course prix fixe meal.  It turned out to be an exceptionally good meal with very attentive service and an especially knowledgeable sommelier. Bread Course:  An odd start, but the selection was extensive.  I liked their cheese brioche, and the option of Normandy butter served on a cold slate was just lovely.  Amuse Bouche: Ossetra caviar served over fresh crab with a cream sauce.  I was confused when this was brought to me, as I thought this belonged to the Degustation menu.  But, no, in Joel Robuchon's world, caviar works as an amuse bouche.  How decadent!  I was so enthused by this most auspicious of beginnings. Appetizer:  Noix de Saint Jacques:  Sea scallop a la plancha with a sauce of kumquat and caviar.  More caviar!  Perfectly seared scallops and beautifully presented.  All of the flavors were in balance -- an excellent course.Soup:  Le Soja:  Cappuccino of soy bean on a shimeji royal.  The description does not sound very appetizing, and the presentation is only marginally better.  Nonetheless, this is an amazing soup.  So earthy, and the flavor was so robust.  The mushrooms were delicious, and I was really impressed by just how good this dish was.  A true chef can be measured by the quality of his soup -- bravo!Seafood course:  Langouste:  Spiny lobster in a sake broth, turnip and shiso sprouts.  They actually present this with the spiny lobster shell which they immediately take away, unveiling the dish underneath.  The sake broth was quite delectable and well flavored by the addition of the turnips and sprouts.  Unfortunately,  I was rather disappointed with the langouste itself, a house specialty no less.  I was unable to glean any flavor from it, and the texture was slightly chalky.  This was far short of the langouste I had at Per Se a few months ago, for example.  A strange miss in an otherwise incredible meal.Meat course:  Canard:  Duck and seared foie gras in a cherry sauce and fresh almonds.  The duck was especially good.  The foie gras was not.  It was too fatty, in a way that is not good.  But the duck was so good, I would just as happily do without the foie gras.Cheese course:  Another extensive selection that would stump all but the most ardent of turophiles.  I made pedestrian choices like Camembert and Roquefort.  But I also tried some new cheeses like Langres, which apparently I do not like.  All of the selections were fresh, served at the appropriate temperature, and of very high quality.  It was a great way to finish my red wine, and cleanse my palate before having dessert.  Le Chocolat:  Melting Araguani chocolate refreshed with a hint of peppermint.  Exquisitely presented on its own pedestal, this is an extraordinary dessert.  Complimentary dessert: Vanilla ice cream served on a crisp.  Very good ice cream with good quality vanilla bean, likely of the Madagascar variety.  Mignardises:  I thought the bread trolley and the cheese trolley were large, but I clearly had not seen the dessert trolley.  It must have taken about 10 minutes to review all of the possible selections.  Gold leaf was liberally used, and I was happy to see more exotic selections like banana filled chocolates.Takeaway bag:  pistachio cake.  I am still eating this.  It is a wonderful keepsake to make the amazing experience last a little bit longer, and it is good too.  Highly recommend.  Book your flight now.
5	Joel Robuchon is 1 of the 2  three Michelin stars rated restaurants on the West Coast. I have to say that my experience at Joel Robuchon was very different than my experience at The French Laundry.My wonderful experience with Joel Robuchon started as soon as the love of my life and I stepped out of our hotel at the Bellagio. I was surprised to see the MGM limousine waiting there for us.  We were driven to MGM Grand but had entered through the private electronic gates to the Mansion, which they opened via radio communication between our driver and the gatekeeper.Once parked at the Mansion, butlers came and greeted us and walked us through the courtyard, then through the front room before entering  the hotel wing towards Joel Robuchon.  Walking through parts of the Mansion was incredible and made me feel like a royalty.The furniture, chandeliers, and the entire decor inside Joel Robuchon were glamorous! Of course we wanted to try everything we could eat at Joel Robuchon!  Service were top notch, and we had asked the Sommelier to pick whatever red wine he thought would accompany our meat, and he did a fantastic job! I will not list our entire tasting menu here, but we started off with champagne and caviar over crab meat, and that was just heavenly! I was very impressed by the bread cart that came to our table with at least 20 types of breads and my favorite was the saffron bread.  All the food was so delicious and well prepared. Presentations were fantastic, and the services were perfect! Everyone was friendly, helpful, and had eyes for every single detail.  All I had to do was lift a finger, and one of the staff came and asked if he could take a picture for my BF and I.  Where else can you find service like this other than Joel Robuchon?We had plenty of the best tasting food one could get that evening. Just when I had forgotten about the bread cart, and had no more room left after several plates of seafood and meat, came the cheese cart!! Then, they prepared an entire ice cream cake for my birthday!!!   I am not sure how much better can this meal be.Hold on, I don't think I can move anymore, can someone please help me up so that I can walk around a little to digest all this great food?As I returned to the table from the restroom, the chocolate cart came!! I was asked to pick as many chocolates as I wanted!!! I was in heaven and back and in heaven again!Joel Robuchon is truly the best restaurant, with excellent service, & amazing food. This is the best experience ever. Thank you D for a fabulous birthday! And thank you Joel for the loaf of pistachio cake that you had wrapped to go for us.
5	Amazing! We were staying at the Wynn and Joel Robuchon had a limo waiting for us to take us to our 6pm reservation. We were led through a private courtyard that served as a perfect background for pictures.As we entered the restaurant, we noticed that the decor was extravagant and beautiful. Purple plush love seats with the decor matching the season.My girls and I each decided to do the 6 course tasting menu for $195 since we knew that the 16 course would overwhelm us. The sommelier was extremely knowledgable and introduced us to some wines that suited our palette perfectly.The bread cart was absolutely divine! Every restaurant should have a selection like that. Although they had a total of about 20 different types of breads, our favorite was the gyuere cheese brioche, the milk bread, the wheat miniture baguette, and the bacon bread. The bread was warmed up for us and we were served butter "the classic french way," cut from a huge block of butter on a cold marble slab and dusted with sea salt.Our amuse-bouche was caviar over a white grape gelatin over crab mixed with cream of fennel. It was divine! The flavors melded well and the hints of fennel gave the dish a different layer of sophistication.My appetizer was clams with seaweed butter garnished with caviar and a buckwheat crisp. It was delicious, I will never see clams the same way again.Our soup was a creamy chestnut soup served with bacon infused foam, with bits of bacon and foie gras in the bottom of the dish. It was heaven. Never in my life have I had such a perfectly cooked piece of foie gras.My two main courses consisted of duck with foie gras and braised veal cheeks in a Thai broth. Both were also delish. Everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly. Beyond that though, the flavors went extremely well together - perfectly thought out dishes. I now know the title of "chef of the century" is well-deserved.Our cheese course was also divine - too many to remember, but all wonderful to tease your palette with.My dessert was a melting chocolate cake with infused foam and coffee ice cream. It was the best chocolate dessert I have ever had. Finally, the chocolate cart - all made on the premises by the pastry chef - just exquiste. How do I even describe that 15 mins of heaven. The was a parting gift from the pastry chef and our food adventure seemed like it ended as soon as it began with a ride back to Wynn in the limo, rubbing our tummies as we discussed what we will have the next time we are back here.Merci and J t'aime Joel Robuchon!
5	Can food and service make you weep?  Does watching a desk of assorted breads make your heart dance? (albeit the butter make your arteries queeze with anticipation)  Does reading a tomb of wine choices make you salivate uncontrollably with the thought of potential libations?  Does variations on fine french food make you weak in the knees?  Lastly, does the phenominal presentation of a dish make you sit and stare in appretiation, more afraid to eat it because of it's beauty?Then clearly Joel Robuchon's is your place to dine.  Whether you eat at the bar, or dine in the quiet, spacious salon Joel Robuchon is everything you've ever wanted in dining.The multiple course meals sound intimidating, making you fee like you need to fast before entering this chapel dedicated to worshiping fine dining.  Each course though is appropriate in size and depth, never too much to make you feel uncomfortably full, and enough time between servings to enjoy your guest, and the wine you and the Sommelier have picked out.  From the beginning dish until the last you are given a visual and gustatory delight with every delivery from your service staff.
4	One of the better meals I've ever had, but I can't say it's the best.  My bf and I each had the 8 course menu and felt so uncomfortably full after our 4 hour dinner that I can't even fathom how anyone could get through the 16 course meal.  After about course 4, it was painful to eat.  Painful.  My 8 course meal consisted of: Various breads from the Bread Cart.  There were so many specialty breads and they were all so delicious!  You pick and choose which breads you want (and you can have as much as you want).  They heat it up for you and then bring it back.  Be careful you don't stuff yourself with these before you start your actual meal. Caviar with crab meat.  It was melt in my mouth delicious and set some high standards for the rest of the meal. I wanted to lick every bit of caviar off of what they served it on (it wasn't a plate...I'm not sure to describe it), but I thought that would be very unclassy of me.  I would go back to Robuchon just for that. Green onion soup.  The description of the soup itself doesn't make it sound very appetizing, but it was good.  Certainly a lot tastier than my bf's Asian inspired soup. Scallops.  Not that memorable since I don't remember them that much.  They were good as far as scallops go, but nothing mindblowing. Kobe Beef.  I have to admit, I'm not a Kobe Beef aficionado.  I understand that what makes meat good is fat.  And the small lines of fat in the Kobe Beef only add to its deliciousness.  But I just can't handle seeing that or eating it.  Totally turns me off.  It was quality beef, but just not my thing.  Bf loved it (who is a Kobe Beef lover). He also loved his duck so I'll have to say that the meat dishes were a success. Potato Puree.  Mashed potatoes, but infinitely better.  In-finite-ly better.  Plate licking worthy (like the caviar).  I liked it so much I might have actually liked the plate if I wasn't disgustingly full by that point.  Hands down the best potato dish I have ever had in my entire existence.  Assortment of cheese from the Cheese Cart.  I love cheese.  High on my favorite food list are potatoes, dessert and cheese.  Just like the Bread Cart, this cart had specialty cheeses that were oh so amazing.  However, due to my fullness, I couldn't consume my desired amount of cheese. Dessert.  I actually cannot remember what the dessert was.  The only thing I remember is that I didn't like it.  And I love dessert.  I live for yummy desserts.  Bf had the mint chocolate cake (something like that), which I also didn't like.  He liked it though.  Said it was nice and light.  He is not an avid dessert lover so you can decide if that makes his claim legit or not.  Caramel Ice Cream.  This was a million times better than the main dessert.  Quality ice cream is actually hard to come by.  It was light and fluffy and oh sooo good.  I would have asked for a second serving if I wasn't stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey.  All the dessert I wanted from the Dessert Cart.  A definite highlight of my meal.  There were so many desserts to pick from and you could pick to your heart's content.  Once again, I was very sad I couldn't stuff my face with them since I felt so full.  Definitely try the white chocolate and pineapple concoction.  Doesn't sound super appetizing, but it was my favorite.  That was actually more than 8 courses.  3 weeks later and I still can't decide if it was worth it.  I think I would go back again and just get the 3 course menu or whichever is the smallest amount of courses with the cheese and dessert cart included. Otherwise, it's just too much food that you can't even enjoy.    Random info:- Robuchon will arrange for a private limo to pick you up from your hotel and bring you to MGM.  It was a nice little extra.  I recommend doing this as you get dropped off at The Mansion, which is a very private part of MGM.  The limo pulls up to a massive gate that opens up and brings you to what I would describe as a supersized villa, much like you would find in the south of France.  You don't even feel like you're in Vegas - it's so peaceful, beautiful and quiet.  My understanding of The Mansion is it's just a private extension of MGM.  There's even a small casino area (no doubt for some high rollers). - When handing out menus, they give the menu with the prices to the male.  The female gets the priceless menu.  At least that was the protocol for a male-female table.  A little sexist, I suppose...oh well...
5	I am 26 years old and if I live to at least 70, I plan on eating at Joel Robuchon at least 44 more times in my life. Seriously, I can't stop dreaming about the cheese cart. And the caviar with crab and fennel. And the tartar. I don't think I've ever tasted such creamy deliciousness in my life!!Given the bajillion of reviews before mine, I don't really have anything to add...except that they do not limit you in the number of breads or cheeses you can choose from their giant carts. I'll be seeing you again Joel Robuchon...just like one is supposed to set aside part of their income to buy a house, I'm setting mine aside for a once a year trip to Vegas to eat at you again.
5	This was the most outrageous and amazing dining experience I've ever had. The level of service and food is above practically everything else there is. A limo comes to pick you up where ever you're staying and takes you too a back entrance of the MGM grand. Someone meets you there and walks you through an amazing courtyard and eventually to the restaurant. The restaurant itself is surprisingly small, but you can understand why. The dining room is truly amazing, I won't even go into it because I couldn't do the decorations justice, but trust me; it's one of a kind. The meal began with impeccable service and a giant tray of dozens of different kinds of bread for you to choose. This may have been my favorite part of the meal. You can choose as many as you want; the most notable for me was the bacon-mustard bread, but they were all great. The first course I had was a soup with foie-gras and bacon in it. It was absolutely delicious and gone way too soon. Next came the King-crab salad which was also great, with huge lumps of crab meat and alongside a complicated small salad assembly. My main course was the duck, which was unbelievably good with perfect texture and taste. However; the best entree you can get is the veal cheeks. I had two bites and they were some of the most delicious things I've ever tasted. Chef Robuchon's signature mashed potatoes were the creamiest I've ever had, and some of the best. Dessert's a whole different story: You better be prepared to be overwhelmed. Apart from the massive chocolate tray that comes out, you will also experience one of the best desserts you've ever had. And let's get one thing straight: I'm not the kind of person to suck up to a restaurant like this; at these prices it better damn well deliver. And I can assure you it does. If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
5	Dining at Joel Robuchon was definitely an experience to say the least.  We went there for an anniversary dinner and it was definitely a dinner for a special occasion.  Not only because of the cost of the meal, but also the length and type of food too.  Our dinner lasted about 3 1/2 to 4 hours from start to finish.  The service was exceptional from the complimentary limo service, to the incredibly well trained and knowledgeable service staff.  Everyone around was was celebrating a special occasion as well, as indicated by the individual ice cream cake they would bring out for each table. (nice touch!)So we started off the meal with two delicious specialty cocktails. Mine was the one muddled with fresh raspberries and his was a bourbon martini of some sort.  Both delicious.  We ordered the four  course tasting menu with two half bottles of wine, one red one white.  It's really a four course menu with a bread cart, cheese cart, chocolate cart, personal icecream cake for special occasions or sorbet, dessert and they also send you home with a loaf of pistachio cranberry bread. wow, it's a LOT!  Everything that came out was visually spectacular, inventive and tasty with fancy foams and gelees.  The bread cart and cheese cart were amazing too.  My favorite dishes were probably the amuse bouche, the crab salad with caviar, and the turbot dish.
4	I dined at Joel Robuchon about a year ago and sat by the kitchen bar.  The food was of course exquisite and superb as other reviewers have described below.  I gave 4 stars because I did not feel particularly comfortable at this restaurant.  There was not much privacy at the bar as you sit so close to the person next to you, and it is quiet.  The waiter seemed a bit pretentious.  It was great dinner, but the service and atmosphere was clearly lacking for this class of restaurant.  I would probably not go back.
5	One of the best fine dining experiences.  Outstanding service - they were very helpful with recommendations, explaining the entrees and found a wine that fit our wine preference.   I liked how the entire staff worked fluidly together.  Not only did one person help you, the entire staff gladly assisted you.I liked all of it, the bread cart, the l'amuse bouche, appetizer, entree, dessert,  moka, and coffee.  We went as a group of 5.  We all left full and happy!
5	What a tasting Menu!!!We came late so only had the 8 course.Private room..Beautiful decor.Awesome food. Savor every bite. The food is delicate and carefully crafted. Special attention to detail.This is an experience you won't forget.Price is out of this world, but you only live once.Dress up, its a nice restaurant.
4	We had the most amazing 3 1/2 hour  dinner. I'm not a  French aficionado or a Foodie, but wow.The King Crab and octopus salad was out of this worldI had a fish entree. cooked to perfectionI  think I enjoyed the desert the most . Just when you think that it's over a cart is brought  to your table and they offer you every imaginable truffle. So Delicious.If you get a chance to have dinner here go for it  this is a great experience.
2	We ate here in the summer of 2008, and the experience left us cold, both figuratively and literally. We were so excited to eat here after trying (and loving) L'Atelier...Joel Robuchon is the "Chef of the Century" afterall. Ultimately, however, we could not overlook the poor, dismissive service despite pretty good food. Yes, it was pretty good, but not memorable. We were seated in a little room off the main "house"...I think it was supposed to be a "veranda" off the Mansion. Whatever it was supposed to be, it was dark and chilly (think Siberia). I'm not sure what we did to be exiled there, as we were dressed very well (I kept my shorts and sandals in the hotel room!), but here we indeed languished with some other unlucky souls. Our server begrudgingly came to take our order, and perhaps we lived down to her expectations when my wife "only" ordered the six course dinner (for about $200) despite my going for the whole enchilada, the Grand Degustation menu (12 courses at that time for about $300). I think we were further tagged with the scarlet "C" (for cheap) when we only ordered bottled water and a glass of wine each. The waitress then disappeared, only to bestow a few intermittent visits to us the rest of the evening. We thought that she might have just been in a foul mood, but then we saw her obsequiously chattering about and hobnobbing with some apparently higher-rollers in the next room. Oh well.The bread service was quite amazing...a bread cart loaded with all sorts of classic French baguettes, batards, etc. turned out to be a life-saver because even though I was to "experience" 12 courses, I was still left hungry. Suffice to say I got to know the bread guy pretty well that evening. 5 of the 12 courses were vegetable courses (!), and the final 2 were desserts. They were OK, but definitely not worth paying $300 for. Oddly, my menu did not even include a lobster course while my wife's did. The standout of the evening was the Sauteed veal chop with natural herbs gel and vegetable mille-feuille. This was beautiful and refined...just delectable. In direct contrast was the Soybeans cooked risotto style with mushrooms and chives...the soybeans arrived underdone and unpleasantly firm. The desserts were not memorable...what was memorable was the perfunctory manner in which we were hurried on our way (with a pat on the head and a kick in the ass). Wow, just thinking about this makes me boil! Damage was about $700 for the two of us. Never again...never again.
5	The tasting menu combined with the food is the best experience you will have in Las Vegas except for eating outside by the fountains at Picasso.  Expect the best and the added bonus of a limo for locals puts this experience to the top.
5	This is my first Yelp review and Joel Robuchon is without a doubt the restaurant that I want to write my first review on. It is by far the best restaurant that I have ever been to =)I came here a few days ago with one of my best girl friends, and we had the total royal dinner treatment. We were picked up at our hotel, the Monte Carlo, by a LIMO, which took us to the MGM back entrance, directly into the secluded MGM MANSION that people usually can't get into. Being a picture whore that I am, I took pictures nonstop all the way til we got into the restaurant. I was immediately impressed by the decor of the restaurant. I'm one of those people who's really big on the ambience of the restaurants, and I definitely give thisone 5 stars on that. The restaurant's decor gave me a very royal and luxurious feeling, almost as if I were a princess being escorted into my own personal purple dining room =) Later on, I found out that the decor is seasonal, but I'm glad I got to see the purple style =)My friend and I got the $148 for 4 courses meal...and here' briefly how the entire meal went:+Caviar: very delicious...one of the best I've had+Bread cart: so many different types of bread, my friend and I tried 3 each. All very delicious...especially the butter that they gave us for it. Totally melts in ur mouth! Be careful not to eat so much though...becuz there are way more food ahead!+Appetizer: salmon tartar, very delicious. in a sizzling plate too, that looked like dry ice...very cool and tasty+Soup: duck liver soup...sweet tasting, pretty, and very good+Entree: veal cheeks.....small but very soft and totally melts in ur mouth! +Dessert: chocolate melted cake with coffee ice cream on top. HEAVENLY. It had some coffee chocolate bits on top too and the entire thing just tasted amazing. I'm a dessert fanatic so when I say this is good, it's GOOD. plus the plate that it was served in was so beautiful...omg i want it again!+Chocolate cart: god...I wish I could take the whole thing home, but they only let u try 5-6 pieces, which was one big downfall =( still, the ones that I tried (white chocolate truffles and macaroons) were amazing =)+Coffee/tea: i had a cappuccino...worked really well with the chocolates =PIn the end, they gave us a little gift bag with some homemade gummy candies in a box to take home. A sweet little something. We also asked for a tour of the kitchen, which the waitress was very happy to do for us. Saw all the awards and where the magic happens. In the end, we were escorted back out through the MGM mansion and into the limo. This time, we asked for the limo to take us to the Wynn for some chilling...and we rolled up to the wynn in Vegas fashion. Awesome night that I will never forget =)Only two things I didn't quite like is they charge you for water. Even if you ask them for tap water, or ICE water, they don't let you. You must buy their bottled water, which is at least $10 per bottle. Second, if they can let u try as many chocolates as u want, it'd be perfect. I heard from a friend that they let u try one of each at French Laundry, so I think they can definitely improve in this area. EItherway, still the best restaurant i've been to. Definitely worth the money =)
5	I've been dreaming of trying this place for two years since I've been to L'Atelier multiple times on recent trips out here.Everything from the start of the evening to the end was very well organized with friendly people and knowledgeable servers. If you'd like to dine here, I'd encourage you to take advantage of their complimentary limo service that will pick you up anywhere on the strip and also drop you off anywhere on the strip when your meal is complete. The limo has complimentary fiji h20 as well as newspaper for your enjoyment (although the ride there is rather quick!)The limo pulls through the MGM Mansion which is a secluded area that the general public cannot enter. It was ultimate luxury and I felt like we were in a humongous villa in Lago di Como in Italy or something. Upon your arrival at the mansion, you'll be escorted to the restaurant by Joel Robuchon staff.Joel Robuchon was very glam and very Vegas. Although it was luxurious, I felt that it was a lot more showy and a lot more sparkly than typical Michelin-rated restaurants. Although..I guess they had to add this touch for a Vegas 3-star Michelin restaurant to give it character.You're first introduced to the bread cart which are made in house. I definitely recommend grabbing a couple of different ones as they're all rich in flavors and also super soft & moist! Their super soft butter also pairs great with their breads.As for the meal, I started with the caviar, then had the salmon tartar, then the chestnut & foie gras soup, and for my main dish - the duck & foie gras with potato puree. Finally, I went with the orange dessert and loved it. Each dish was exquisite and was presented in the most artful manner. I felt that presentation here was at least half if not more the reason to go here.Finally, we ended with coffee & tea which is included and they bring a chocolate cart that they allow you to choose a couple yummy bites from.Although the food was phenomenal, I have to say that they weren't as accommodating as French Laundry. While all French Laundry's non-alcoholic beverages are included in the price (as well as gratuity) - here, water is a whopping $10/bottle and gratuity is not included. Furthermore, you are limited to only 5 chocolates at the end of your meal - and they were mediocre at best - pretty to look at, but I have to admit that I've tasted better.If I were to compare French Laundry to Joel Robuchon in terms of food, presentation, and service (since they are both the only 3 Michelin star rated restaurants of the West Coast) I would say that French Laundry is more warm, elegant, and has better variation of flavors, whereas Joel is more glam, shiny, and has "prettier" presentation.Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here and without a doubt would not hesitate to come again!
5	Delicate and artistic presentation of food. Beautiful restaurant. Top notch service. That's exactly how fine dining should be....
5	Simply Spectacular.Everything was phenomenal. This meal was like living a scene from a movie. First, a complimentary limo picks you up from your hotel, and drives you to the MGM. You may think you are being dropped off at the Casino door where all the limos and taxis go, but no. Instead, you are taken to a special mansion-like entrance, where the doors automatically open for you and a person is already waiting for you. And you know they are waiting for YOU specifically when they address you by your name. And they continually add little details like this throughout the night to make you feel special.You wait by the fountain, with the whole beautiful courtyard to yourself. It is a beautiful location, and a wonderful way to relax and start your evening. They then walk you to your table when it is ready.Then, your dining experience begins. You pick your course, choose your items, and enjoy the culinary adventure. Trays of items are wheeled to your side, where you select items such as breads, cheases, or truffles throughout the meal. Each and every course was delicious. And the service is wonderful. Attentive and understanding. There to ensure you enjoy your night.One of my favorite memories from Las Vegas.
4	Unfortunately, I missed out on the limo experience because I was staying at the MGM Grand. It's kind of obvious from everyone else's experiences that it's mostly excellent, so I'll just mention what went wrong.I don't think this a quirk of French cuisine -- our food was all oversalted. We didn't dare ask for any dishes to be corrected because of some... communication issues.Here goes: are the waiters' French accents real? If so, why could they not understand ANYTHING I ordered? I'm no expert on the language but I studied it in school for 5 years, and I'd like to think I can say the names of dishes clearly enough to be understood in an American restaurant. (And this only happened to me, not to either of my dining companions.) I kept being asked to repeat what I said, and then they would repeat after me... still pronouncing it exactly the same way. What gives? Tremendously frustrating, and a bit of a sticking point on the otherwise great service.PS: the dress code doesn't formally require jackets, but you'll probably be more comfortable if you wear one, unless you're already so rich and important that you don't need to consult things like dress codes when you go out.
5	Now, my boyfriend isn't too into the fancy eating, but he was kind enough to indulge me a little for our anniversary.  Needless to say, this was quite the indulgence!  Using the freshest fall ingredients made everything so scrumptuous.  Fois gras, clams, king crab with caviar, and the bread cart!  I swear I had 3-4 helpings of bread alone.  But the highlight was the dessert/chocolate cart.  I read other people's reviews about only getting 5 items.  The BF and I definitely were not restricted, and we only did a 5-course tasting (we failed and went to a buffet earlier that day).  Delicious and a great place to for a special ocassion.  If only we knew about the complimentary limo service ahead of time!
5	Hands down the best meal I've had in Vegas... perhaps the best meal I've had period.First the ambiance. It's quite unique and spectacular. The details, the colors, the flowers, the chandelier... it all comes together beautifully and works very well for Vegas.Next, the service -  spectacular. Best service I've ever had. This is the problem I have with a lot of SF restaurants (read: Zuni Cafe, Sebo...). Just because you have good food doesn't mean you can slack on the service. Well Joel Robuchon does not disappoint. We had numerous people come by and explain different meals, options, etc. over the course of the night and our main waiter was phenomenal. Sweet, well spoken, knew all the dishes and gave great recommendations.The food - wow. Started with a caviar and crab dish. It was amazing. We started dinner close to 11 pm so didnt have time to do the 16 course tasting menu... must come back for this. I ordered the salmon tartar. Presentation was stunning and tasted very very good.  I had the duck and foie gras for my main course and it was by far the best duck I have ever had. Combining it with the fruit and foie gras made the dish amazing.  For dessert, we ordered the chocolate souffle, some apple or pear dish and then they sent out another dessert (pineapple I think?) because it had taken a while to seat us. Again, all were amazing. But separate from the actual courses, I would have been content with the bread and chocolate cart alone! The bread cart was phenomenal...so many good ones (favorites include the milk bread and bacon bread). And then after the dessert, the chocolate cart! Dream come true! There were sooo many different choices the waiter lost me after the 5th thing... I think there were 40 or 50 different types of chocolates, macaroons, marshmellows etc. they make inhouse. I asked him to recommend his favorites and he did a great job of picking (as he had down with the breads).And finally, they sent me home with a full bag of chocolate for the next day. They were not at all stingy about how many chocolates I could have that night and gave me a decent number to take home.Overall, couldn't have asked for more. One of the most memorable meals I've ever had and can't wait to return and try the 16 course menu. In the last 2 weeks I've had the opportunity to eat at a lot of great restaurants (Pierre Gagnaire's new place in the Mandarin, Okada, Eleven Madison, Jean George, Le Bernadin, Gilt...) and this was by far the best meal and experience and that is a pretty high bar of competing establishments. Wouldn't have changed a thing.
5	Yes, definitely the best meal we have ever had... Not only that, it was the best dining experience we've ever had. The limo ride to the back entrance, the gorgeous courtyard and entryway, the personal greeting by the hostess who walked us through to the restaurant, the amazing lounge and ridiculous brandy cart - everything started great.We began our meal with champagne to go with our amuse bouche and then the sommelier paired wines for each dish starting with a white for our app and then a red with our entree - great choices.The bread cart was out of control. We sampled the bacon bread, the saffron bread, the cheese brioche and the rosemary baguette. You pick which ones you want to try and the server takes it in the back and warms it up for you. Next, the famous amuse bouche came (caviar, etc). The caviar literally just melted in my mouth. It was really something. And the presentation of the dish was very unique...For our app, we decided to go with the langoustine ravioli with the black truffle and fois gras reduction... the dish usually comes with 3 pieces, but we told them we wanted to share the app so they actually brought us two each - very cool.For our entree we went with the Kobe dish and, of course, the pomme puree. I don't even know how to describe the pomme puree! It was like potato butter. It was THE most delicious "mashed potatoes" I've ever had in my life. I feel bad even calling them mashed potatoes lol... the kobe was VERY rich.. I've never had kobe that fatty and rich before. It was cut into cubes and served with vegetables.The cheese cart was out of control too... All their carts are basically amazing. I have no clue what we decided to go with (because at that point I was in a full food coma) but we picked about 6 cheeses varying from soft to hard and they were all very unique. The big orange ball cheese is a must-have. I believe it's a sharp cheddar of some sort... There was one cheese that was super stinky for my taste lol... it was a soft brie I believe. Other than that they were all delicious. For dessert we ordered a layered white chocolate mouse dish that had white liquor on top in a chocolate cup - it came on a dish that had coffee beans around it and toulle to decorate it - too cute. The dessert cart was awesome too... there was a chocolate-topped macaron that was amazing.. they also had chocolate-covered ginger...Oh, and the best part of the meal was when they rolled out a mini cake that the chef had prepared for us for our anniversary - yes, he makes cakes for special occasions!! It came out with this huge chocolate sculpture that looked crazy... wowsers.Finally, they send you off with some nicely packaged sweets.. too bad it was sugar-coated jelly sweets - I was expecting some more of their chocolate lol. Oh well. Service wise it's very interesting because at first it was typical snotty styles, but by the end of the meal we had had some of the best conversations with each of the servers. It was truly an enjoyable dinner from all angles. We got in at about 9:30 and didn't leave until 1:30.. None of that rushed stuff.. you truly get to sit down and enjoy yourself.Oh, and the decor was delicious! The plush aubergine couches and silvers and lavendars... *sigh*Love love love...... (going to post pics soon)
5	Since handedly the most amazing meal I've had in Las Vegas
4	Was I spoiled by eating at Guy Savoy and Joel Robuchon in the span of three days? Yes. I was. The food? It's amazing. There is a bit of a feeling like it's all been done a million times and is a bit factory-ish, but it's still shockingly good and I defy someone to say otherwise. Imaginative, beautifully presented, well-executed and thoughtful. The staff was not very considerate to a solo diner and were quite cold, infact. I did not feel my every need was anticipated, and was somewhat overlooked in fact. I returned from the rest room and had to struggle with the heavy table to let myself back onto the banquette. My tea did not come with cream or sugar, I had to ask. I was never offered more bread after the bread cart made it's cursory beginning of the meal rounds. Am I just a timid diner? Perhaps. I was left wanting at the end of my evening, and that is not how I want to feel after dropping a few bills on dinner. I remain undecided, overall. Maybe I was tapped out on French food or high end restaurants. Maybe I set the bar too high. Perhaps if I had not been a solo diner my experience would have been different.I found the service mostly mechanical, lacking passion and excitement. Le Cirque and Guy Savoy made me want to go back to experience both the food AND service again. They were both delightful, surprising and joyful to eat at, and I got the feeling that they wanted you to experience everything and try everything. Joel Robuchon left me wanting...it kind of felt soulless, actually.
5	I have fond memories of this place even though I'm sure the evening was an absolute disaster for the other patrons.  We were loud, giddy and a bit intoxicated upon arrival.  The 16 courses were perfectly paired and only added to the excitement of our group.  I was so impressed I purchased The Complete Robuchon cookbook.  Loved the lovely gift of fresh baked bread they present us with at the conclusion of our meal.  An experience of epic proportions.
4	the ultimate dining experience. with our rezo, a limo picked us up from our hotel and brought us through the MGM Mansion entrance. CRAZY insane awesome.  a hostess walks us through the mansion and brings us to the restaurant.  it was GORGEOUS but it kinda sorta reminded me of Z Gallery. We ended up getting the 4 course meal and it was PLENTY of food. for $199/pp, you can choose 1 app, 1 soup, 2 entrees, selection of cheese and 1 dessert.  but it also comes with an amuse bouche and selection of petite fours so it seems like the eating never ends!!  and not to mention the unforgettable bread cart. its like carbo-heaven on wheels. the staff was AMAZING and uber cool considering how fancy this place is. for our anniversary, they brought out a special dessert which wow-ed the whole room. we were there for about 4 hours of non-stop eating. it was a great valentines/anniversary experience but in regards to food, i thought L'atelier next door was better =\
5	Little more needs to be said about this place.  It's a piece of culinary heaven on earth.  I had the special Vegetarian Tasting Menu (not advertised, but can be requested) which ended up to be 16 courses of amazing.From the service to the food to the atmosphere, it's an experience that is hard to equal outside of France.  One of the best dining experiences I've had in my life.
5	This place has set the bar so high for me, that now I pick at every little thing in other restaurants.I don't think there is much more I can say about the food or any better way to explain how wonderful it was then the other raving fans before me.  The service was exceptional.  Hubby and I were planning on going back to the hotel in the afternoon, before dinner, to change and dress up, not celebrating anything, just enjoying each others company... but we didn't have enough time to go change so we went in our let's romp around Vegas clothes while every other couple in the place was all dressed up.  Not that any of the staff cared, they were happy to have us.  But to tell you the truth being in casual clothes made the experience that much more fun and relaxing.  We loved the food, and the service... the bread cart was awesome, the desert cart with all those yummy little sugar heavens on it was amazing... if it was up to me I would have rolled it out of there back to my hotel so I can try everyone of them.  After 16 courses, I was in a food comma so desert was not fitting well in my tiny stomach.  A wonderful experience... French Laundry is next.  Then we can compare.
5	Opulent is defined as luxurious or ostentatiously magnificent and I can think of no better single word to describe Joel Robuchon.  From you moment you first step into foyer, you know this meal is going to be ridiculous.  Even all seating, walls, and decorations are in diffuse shades of purple, the majestic royal color.  Most of the starred michelin restaurants are french restaurants with not-too-dissimilar sounding menus, so you may as well go all the way to the sole 3-star restaurant because it's worth the trip.We did not do the 16-course degustation menu (I have a reason to come back...).  Instead we opted for the "pick 2 main courses option" and all the extra courses surrounding that.  Here's what I got:1.  First off, the bread cart comes around and there are literally probably 25-30 different kinds of bread on it.  You can pick as many as you want, all fresh and wonderful.  They take your selections away to heat them, and bring them back promptly.  I went with the milk bread, bacon bread, and rosemary ciabatta.2. The amuse bouche was osetra caviar layered on top of a crab gelee with fennel cream.  Probably the most ridiculous amuse bouche I've ever heard of.3.  Appetizer: King Crab in Avocado on Romaine Heart, with olive oil.4.  Soup: Chestnut cream soup over chestnuts, foie gras, with bacon foam.  (Read that again... BACON FOAM!)5.  Main Course #1: Duck Breast with seared foie gras.  This is easily the finest cut of duck breast I've ever had, and perfectly prepared.  Duck is so hard to get right, and even in NYC there are only 2 places where I really like it (Porterhouse and La Sirene), and this blew both of those out of the water.  Succulent, tender, flavorful.6.  Main Course #2: Kobe Ribeye with wasabi spinach and malibu bell peppers.  Also, they served it up with a side of Robuchon's specialty whipped creamy potatoes.  They're like mashed potatoes, but your grandma never made mashed potatoes this creamy before.  I wonder if he patented some special machine to do this.7.  Then the cheese cart comes out, and it is as full of choices as the bread cart was.  Remember, everything here is about luxury and extravagance, so you can take as many different cheeses as you want to try!  I posted a photo of it if you want to see what it looks like.8.  Dessert: Pineapple Compote with Peanut ice cream.  What a unique flavor combination, but it worked really well.  The ice cream was as thick and creamy as you'd expect it to be.9.  The crowning end to the night is the cart of Mignardises.  There are numerous pictures posted of this, and you pretty much have to see it to believe it.  If I thought the bread and cheese carts were awesome, then this set of sweets is absolutely incredible.  Save room because you don't want to miss this part of the evening!
5	NOTHING IN LIFE WILL BE BETTER!!  At least food wise.  I took my BF here for a surprise to make up for my recent weeks of crankiness and all the hard work he's been putting in at work.  We also took the MGM limo to the back entrance and through the MGM Mansion.  It was absolutely lovely.  Our hostess was very sweet.  She walked us in to the restaurant and we lounged in the bar for a few minutes till they had our table ready.  We walked through main dining room to the patio, where we had our seats.  The decor is opulent, decadent, but pure CLASS!  I loved the color schemes and the giant chandelier hanging over the plush round banquette seating.  My bf later told me that he was floored with the decor.  Really felt like you were in a heavenly parisian restaurant.I LOVE FRENCH FOOD!!!  And I thought Bouley and Le Bernardin was great, but oh good mother of God, Joel Robuchon IS THE GODFATHER OF FRENCH CUISINE!!!  And yes, we also opted for the 16 course meal.  The caviar with crab meat on the bottom was HEAVEN!  The UNI with jello was the ULTIMATE.  I'm total UNI connoisseur.   I won't go into too much detail and sound redundant.  I also happen to be a macaroon lover and no other macaroon has compared to that of Bouley's till NOW!  I LOVE macaroons, but I hardly ever get it, since I never found ones that made me fall in LOVE, but Bouley has and boy oh boy Joel Robuchon's tops it with a dollop of chocolate and it drove me into macaroon insaneness.  I know, I know, I'm going crazy over macaroons after a TO DIE FOR 16 COURSE MEAL?!?I just want to suggest one thing to anyone planning to dine at Joel Robuchon.  Make reservations the last night that you are in Vegas.  We went the 2nd night of our 3 night trip and the 3rd night dinner plan was a hard one to decide.  We weren't sure what we wanted.  Surf and turf?  EHHHH!!  Italian?  EHHH!  What could we possibly eat??  We chose from our usual haunts.  Joe's Stone Crabs or Neros??  Joe's won out.  Eating at Joe's brought us back down to earth from some far and away galaxy light years ahead of our time.  Now it feels like a dream.  Plus this is the best $$$$ I spent.  I woke up the next morning feeling so great about it.  I thought I may feel little, "WTF, I spent a $$$$ on dinner" kinda feeling, but NOPE!  It was so well worth it.  The service, ambiance, THE FOOD and my date of course, all well worth it and well deserved.  It was an amazing night!!
5	My boyfriend surprised with dinner at Joel Robuchon for my bday. I had no idea were we were going. We were picked up in a MGM limo and were taken through the back entrance and through the MGM Mansion. When we were escorted down the mansion hall to the restaurant I admired all the art and decor that decorated the graudo and halls. I kept looking at my boyfriend for a clue, I had no idea we were walking to one of the worlds bests restaurants. When our host opened the doors to the lavish entrance I knew I was in French heaven. I love French cuisine. The host gave us the nicest table in the house. This place is incredible inside. It's very pleasing to the eye. The service was unbelievable. I befriended our waiter, he was such a sweet frenchmen. There was one waiter to each guest. We ordered the 16-course tasting menu, boy was I in for the "taste" of my life. The food was like no other french food I have had before. Everything that we had was so fresh and new to our taste buds. The butter was from France, the bread cart was just to die for, the cheese cart was deliciously stinky, the 16-course menu was like eating bite's of heaven, and lastly my favorite, the dessert cart. I think I had every dessert and bread there was to offer. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a life changing experience. You will look at food in a whole new light...and yes it is pricey, but it is definitely worth every cent.
5	Went in December of 2009- wonderful experience.
2	Me and my wife's first 3 Michelin star restaurant. Bottom line is we've been to 1 Michelin star places with much better food. The decor and preso was all very nice but nothing about the food was innovative.  I had veal cheeks drenched in what was essentially Tom Yum soup and scallops in Thai coconut curry.  The food is not bad by any means... just not worth the $$$$.  One positive note was the dessert was very good.Overall, very overpriced for what you get.
5	Yes... 5 STARS. Count Em! Now I can't say that this is the best restaurant I've ever experienced -- but here in the US -- it is definitely 1 of the top 3. EVER.We went at the end of March 2010 when we were visting L.V. We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental this time (will post that review sometime soon) instead of our usual fave 4Seasons and the MGM sent their limo to pick us up and deliver us to Joel Robuchon -- with a private escort thru "The Mansion".  I don't gamble very much -- but just being there for that short time -- I wished I were a high-roller. They're the only ones who get to really stay there. But I digress.The food was fab-u-lous. We did the $135 2-course prix fixe meal -- which believe me -- unless you're totally starving -- the amount of food is PUH-LEN-TY enuf.First things first. The amuse bouche (in French it literally means "tickle the tounge") or so I was told when I was in St. Jean Cap Ferrat. If you're lucky enuf -- maybe they'll have the one we got. It looked a little crazy when it arrived at the table. A round tin can that said Joel Robuchon at the top -- and when you opened it -- on the top all you could see was caviar. But they gave you this tin by itself with no blini -- just the delicious bread from the bread cart -- and no mother of pearl spoon -- just a regular flatware spoon. So, we were a bit confused.Until we finally decided to dig in. That's when we discovered that it was a thin layer of "caviar" on top of the most delectable pieces of crab that u'll ever get for free in your life!  I'm thinking it's either bowfin, hackleback, or a dyed tobiko caviar -- not even mississippi paddlefish or even farm-raised sturgeon -- cuz they give you quite a bit -- and tobiko has a clean taste -- almost like sashimi -- not that salty caviar-y taste that some people do not like. In a word... DELICIOUS.Next up: for me: I chose the seared scallop appetizer. Makes you wanna smack somebody, Ba-by! He had the pea soup. I tasted some but I've never been a fan of pea soup (memories from the Exorcist I suppose?) but he thought it was magnif.Main course: Me: The spiny Lobster. Maybe the second or 3rd best tasting lobster I've ever ever had. Cuz making great lobster is more than a notion. Most of the time, it's either too dry or understeamed. This 4 hour boat trip I took in Hawaii a few years ago had the best plain-old delishes lobster I've ever had. But Joel Robuchon wasn't shabby either. & They gave you plenty. Not stingy at all. Especially when combined with the MASHED POTATOES they paired it with.See if you can go in there one day and just order a plate of MASHED POTATOES. You'd give them 5 stars just for that! It's the smoothest potatoes u'll ever eat. But I have a feeling there are pounds and pounds of butter, heavy cream & milk mixed into those puppies. It's not diet food.HE: had the lamb chops. I'm greedy so I tasted those, too. HE'S tried the lamb chops at nearly every place we've ever dined. Now Joel Robuchon is his top pick EVER! They kind of tasted like sophisticated back-yard bbq chops with a spicy middle-eastern zing to them. Very tender. Worth having if you don't mind eating one of the stars of the Serta mattress commercials. Baaaa! Then... our wonderful waiter -- at our request, brought out just a bit of the lamb jus to top our potatoes with. Took the taters to a whole nother level of yum -- but their tatoes just plain. Just as good.I had the cheese: cuz I was so excited to see that they actually had epoisses (so hard to find it outside of France -- even Melisse in L.A. rarely has it on their cart) and I got a chance to pair it with some more of that rosemary bread. He had  some sort of tahitan pinapple coconut contraption that he just culdn't keep his lips off.The down-side: Our food for 2 was $270. Expected. But the drinks set us back BIG TIME!!! He had 1 glass of champagne: $35. He had 1 half bottle of red wine: $55. He had 1 glass of scotch: $27. I had a pot of hot tea: $20. and 1 glass of (virgin) lemonade: $7.  Be careful cuz it's a 3 hour + meal -- and we discovered that the drinks will set you back as much as the food. That glass of champagne they offer you at the beginning of the meal IS NOT COMPLIMENTARY. Don't do it!!! I'm sure the food taste just as good with a bottle of water for the table...Grand total including drinks, food, taxes & tip:$558 for 2 people. But you get a box of cookies at the end. Oh -- and if you get the limo -- I think it's only fair to tip the driver at least $10-15 Each Way. But that's just me... ENJOY!
5	Agree wholeheartedly with others' ***** rating. Fabulous experience.My friend and I each chose the "Three Course Menu ($168/Person)-worth every penny! Epicurean-heaven: so many flavors & textures in each bite-creative genius! Delightful presentation. (Only dish my friend thought was not up to par was the spiny lobster/langouste, as the lobster itself was too rubbery, although sauce delicious). Excellent, substantial meal. As far as we could tell, this includes as much as you want from both bread-cart & sweets-cart (Les Mignardises). Bread is warmed after choosing from bread-cart's extensive offerings. (Wasn't shy-had tried 3 breads [olive oil brioche-yum!] & several sweets after main dessert). Gorgeous decor. Very helpful, professonal wait-staff. Excellent service (attentive but not hovering, not pretentious). Unlike another recent reviewer's experience, our main waiter was warm & friendly.IMHO, Joel Robuchon sets the highest bar in Las Vegas. Fantastic! Best overall dining experience we've had yet in the U.S. (although have not yet tried French Laundry in Napa or Manresa in Los Gatos, CA, the food quality by which another friend swears). 3-course prix fixe dinner included more than expected (see below &  details in others' positive reviews). Drinks are additional cost. If you are planning on seeing a Vegas-show after dinner, allow enough time to savor the experience (for 3-course menu, consider making dinner reservations at least 2.5 to 3 hours ahead of show-time). Women's bathroom is only for one person at a time (don't wait until you are in a rush before a show)._____"3 course menu" includes:L'Amuse-bouche (caviar & crab-wow!)***Breads (large bread selection-choose from bread cart)& Appetizer (I had chosen the cheese souffle in flavorful sauce with black truffle slices, add +$40)-would not recommend if cost a concern***Soup***One Main Course***Dessert& Les Mignardises (extensive sweets selection)
4	Chuck Norris stared at me my whole meal, and I found it a little distracting.  Okay, he wasn't actually there, but they had a picture of him in a gaudy silver frame facing me from four feet away.   The frame was nestled in between a ridiculously over the type pink ribbon extravanganza easter display.  It's like they said - hmm, we have a beautiful Easter set up, but it's too tasteful.  Let's add pictures of Chuck Norris and Kirstie Alley.  And more ribbon.That should give you some sense of the aesthetic of the place.  It's over the top.  Way over the top.The food follows suit.  That's what makes it awesome, and disappointing. Awesome in that you'll have twenty five different types of bread to choose from, thirty chocolates, an amuse bouche that's crazy caviar, aspic, crab, yummy.  Disappointing because frankly sometimes there's just too many flavors on your plate.  It's like the chef just can't stop.  It's like he showed every dish to some Vegas person in charge who said, hmm, that dish is pretty good already, but why don't you add five more ingredients.The sommellier was bit of a jerk too.  I asked for a bottle that was light, dry, crisp and could go with lamb or chicken and was under $65.   (They had at least 4 per page of their 25 page wine list).  He mentions a $90 and $105.  I reminded him of my price range and then  he said, "Yes, but these are much superior.  The others aren't worth it". Really? Then why do you have them?  I get it - they have a lot of expensive wines that are amazing, and they want to encourage me to splurge and expand my horizon. But come on, I mean, I've asked the same question at Per Se and Le Bernardin, and gotten them to give me great recommendations in the same range. The rest of the staff was lovely.  The service is excellent.  And generally the meal was really pleasant.  I'd have given it five stars even with the jerky wine guy. BUT, the food just seemed to disappoint - every course was interesting, but there was always something that felt like too much.  Like Chuck Norris, it's just a little distracting. With decorations, I don't mind the extra, but with my food, sometimes 6 or 7 ingredients in a dish should be enough.
5	One of the best meals of my life and I've eaten at some of the world's greatest restaurants, including Guy Savoy in Paris, French Laundry, Gary Danko etc...  We were picked up in their gold limo at our hotel and whisked to their private entrance at The Mansion.  Wow, talk about lifestyles of the rich and famous - the Mansion is MGM's super exclusive and secretive high roller hotel, not open to the public and with only 22 suites.  It literally feels like you're in a different world, like a Four Seasons on steroids.  We were seated in the adjunct room at  Robuchon which I didn't mind a bit, unlike other reviewers.  I felt that it was super private, the room smelled like wonderful flowers and the service was ever attentive.  We opted to go with the 16-course tasting menu with high-end wine pairing.  I opted for the vegetarian option.  The sommalier was super friendly and asked us what we liked first, whereupon he went off and opened wines just for our dinner.  The vegetarian menu was wonderful, often restaurants treat these as an afterthought, but someone had definitely paid attention to what they were doing.  The server told us they only get 2-3 such requests a month, so for them to always have this on hand is impressive.Service was impeccable, each dish was like a work of art.  The wines were simply amazing and creative, especially the Chave Hermitage Blanc '04.This dinner will stay with us for a long time...
4	Wowwowwee!!!I had a really fun and surreal foodie experience. I felt like Asian Alice in Wonderland sitting in the White Queen's English garden and game parlour. I chose the $168 pre-fix menu which included:- the standard caviar and crab melody amuse buche. I like caviar and crab, I felt very special eating this first. - soup: a light green pea and bacon cream with a hint of peppermint and sweet onion cloud. This was very tasty indeed. I would have licked the cup if I could but it would have been highly inappropriate. -salad: king crab touched with indian curry, avocado, romaine lettuce in a coral virgin olive oil and some kind of creamy vingarette. this looked pretty but the taste of Indian curry was too strong for me- main course: spiny lobster poached in a sea urchin boullion  with radish shaving and nori. this would have been perfect had it not smelt so damn fishy.-dessert: pistachio creme brulee, raspberry infused with an apperitif wine, rose sabayon with freeze dried raspberries and a raspberry sorbet topped with pistachio brittle. I loved this dessert. I didn't think raspberries were too overwhelming. the highlights of this experience hardly had anything to do with the actual meals. What impressed me the most was:- Le pain cart: first of all, I think it is odd that the french word for bread is spelled "P-A-I-N", because I feel that too much bread can hurt your stomach.  The selection was Gynormous,  It was like a United French bread conference where almost every type of french bread was represented, from the tiny cheese brioche to the long sour dough baguette. They also had this pinwheel roll made up puff pastry and olive oil that was to die for.What was equally important to note is the "BIG @$$" brick of butter in a glass case. It is so big, this brick of butter needs it's own cart. I'm wondering how many frenchmen it took to churn this large block of butter or did they just find some overgrown magic bovine to lay this huge butter egg? Once you select your bread, the server will wheel in the butter brick cart and  hand curl your serving of butter with a warm spoon. the server will then sprinkle a few droplets of sea salt granules on top of the butter. Finally there are the mignardises also known as the tiny bite size desserts served after the dessert. weird, but this too deserves its own cart. The cart is filled head to toe with petite fours, handmade marshmallows, tuilles, brittles, meringues, macarons,  macaroons, caramels, gels, frail lollipops and various truffles. the wait staff doesn't mind you being a piggy
5	A great experience!  My friends and I had dinner here for my birthday.  The service was superlative!  The sommelier was extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  The restaurant is beautiful and everything was detailed.  This is a wonderful place to celebrate.  Because of the whimsical and serene ambiance of the restaurant, for a moment, I forgot that I was in Las Vegas.  My favorites were les joues de veau et l'oursin.  Tres bon!  Bravo Robuchon!
5	There are only two restaurants on the west coast awarded 3-Michelin stars. One is French Laundry in Yountville whose 2-month advance reservation requirement is just as famous as the actual cuisine served once you get there. The other as of the last Vegas Michelin guide, is Joel Robuchon in Las Vegas, NV. We booked a week in advance and had no trouble getting a reservation. But then again we were also flying into Sin City on Easter weekend, so that may have played a part. The experience was absolutely incredible. The dining area was decorated by rich royal purple drapes, crisp white dinnercloth, and pale pink hues. Each table had a green birdcage as centerpiece paired by two tall electric tapered candles on either side. The huge arrangement of pale pink roses were real and lent a light sweet fragrance to the air. Only here would they use caviar as an amuse-bouche. Shaved black truffles were generously used. Flavors were clean but bolder than some might be used to. I was delighted that butter and cream were used sparingly, and surprised at how combinations like sole over oyster and leek ravioli could actually come together as a cohesive whole. Everything was cooked to perfection. I could write whole pages on this but instead I've uploaded 15+ pictures to save everyone some time. On top of that, the service was astounding. Everyone was very professional and polite but simultaneously made us feel completely at ease. No pretentiousness here. They didn't bat an eye when we chose smaller dinner sets over their grand tasting menu. For the famous bread carts (filled with 12+ goodies like a basil brioche that tasted like fresh pesto, baguettes, loaves, milk buns, and little rolls infused with saffron and rosemary) they kept on gently encouraging for us to pick and explore more. "Is there anything else you'd like to try?". We ended up trying every single one. This was only to be repeated for the cheese tasting. Although only my friend's dinner included it, they automatically brought share plates and didn't mind my mooching a little taste here and there from his selection. "Is this too modest a slice for you?" the server asked genuinely as he cut little wedges from each round my friend excitedly pointed at. The dessert cart complete with miniature truffles, cakes, fresh marshmallows, cookies, even homemade lollipops only sealed the deal from there. They even gave me a cute little box of marshmallows to take home in a small black and purple box wrapped with ribbon. Save for the trip, it's worth every penny.
5	wow...after eating here, and dropping $$$$$ for the meal without wine, makes every omamakase dinner seem like fast food prices.  But it was quite an experience.For the price, definitely you are paying a premium for being in Vegas...it was probably $ overprice...but hey, if you have that much michelin stars, i guess you can charge that much.  You can request them to pick you up in a limo from your hotel...which was great, and you enter this special gated courtyard which is really elegant. so, food!  yup...as you can see from the pictures...they do well in presentation....and thankfully, it tastes as good as it looks.  I liked the combination of flavors, and each dish was very distinct and defined well. The bread cart is insane! as wierd as it sounds, the butter is also amazing...all the bread is so fresh and perfect.  You can get full with that alone...so dont go nuts. after that, you just eat what they give you... and if you have high cholesterol, this is probably not good for you... coz' its a lot of the good stuff that'll kill you. the flavors are diverse and well timed.  Prepare to stay there for 4-5 hours. In the end, the dessert cart comes out..and it is as impressive as the bread cart.  Don't be shy....take as much as you want! :)  they are so delicious! the decor was very tasteful and elegant...i'd return for a super special occasion or i'd like to try his other place next door.
5	The food, the service, the quality, the creativity & artistry, the presentation, the ENTIRE experience is absolutely 5-star class. My fiance and I came thinking we would get a 3 course meal, but the feel of Vegas permeating through us for our weekend getaway made us teeter and ultimately decide to go for the 16-course Menu Degustation. Fantastic choice!The experience started with the MGM Gold Limo -- call in to request it when you make your reservation, it is usually slated to arrive 15 minutes before your actual reservation if you are on the strip. The driver knows the back way to get to the MGM hotel so you arent going to be sitting in much traffic and so you are driven to "The Mansion," an exclusive part of the MGM hotel that looks like an Italian courtyard with flowers, plants and a fountain in the center. The hostess is radio-ed of your presence by the driver and then you are escorted through The Mansion (it was actually quite a long walk, made to feel even longer in the 3 inch heels I was wearing, ouch!) to the Casino area where Joel Robuchon sits (next to the L'Atelier and KA Cirque performance, which we went to see the night before and it was fabulous!). There are booths with a loveseat feel in the corners of the room and more informal booths in the center of the indoor seating. There is also "outdoor" seating which is made to feel almost like a garden terrace with a vine covered wall -- of course you know you're still inside. Decor is plush and luscious, with touches of sweetness and lace. Still water is bottled and charged $10 per bottle -- just a heads up since I didn't realize this until I got the bill but when you just spent about $400.00 per person for dinner, that's a penny in the bucket. Perhaps I'm just a fast eater but the entire 16 courses took just about 3.5 hours, and I DID savor, I promise! The bread cart opens your meal, it is taken back to the kitchen to be heated and I chose about 10 different breads to try because when else are you going to have so much selections such as saffron infused or basil infused bread. I won't break down the entire 16 course meal, you will have to experience that yourself one day, but it is absolutely worth the money. The creativity behind each thoughtfully envisioned course and the absolute perfect execution is more than you can hope for in a dining experience. The fanciful presentation of each course was pretty for the eyes but even if you took that away, I'd still be quite impressed with the food. Some brief highlights to me: the careful layering of each thin slice of truffle with foie gras, langoustine prepared to tenderness, a ravioli made of sea lettuce, risotto of soybean sprout heads (not grains), and a perfectly prepared scrambled egg with asparagus within a golden buttery toasted crust. As if dessert wasn't enough, you had your choice of unlimited chocolates from the dessert cart with again, a huge selection of in-house sweets and the special occasion dessert surprise was an actual HUGE tropical ice cream cake! The executive chef that night was Chef Claude Le Tohic and he came out to greet us, most likely because we got the tasting menu and he talked to us for quite a bit to make sure we were enjoying the food. I rained so many praises on him -- even told him it was better than French Laundry in my mind! He's a really relaxed guy, he told me to tell the dessert servers that I was to take many goodies home, which I was not afraid or ashamed to do. Anything I could take home from that dessert cart, I absolutely did! As a guest of Joel Robuchon who has experience the Menu Degustation, you come home with a booklet of your meal, a printed certificate with the date and all your courses consumed, and a box of in-house deserts, which was overkill with the tons of chocolates and caramels I already took from the dessert cart (I don't think that's typical).The limo drove us home with full bellies and a memory that will last me a lifetime. Delicious and I will absolutely be back!
2	The dining room and ambience is fantastic. The service is second to none. The food however left way to much to be desired. Every dish was just average a few were below average. Had to send one entree back, the steak was a tough as a goodyear tire. Not one of the 6+ courses was a stand out or even worth remembering. I did not expect every course to be fantastic but their reputation did not live up to what was served at the table.
2	My boyrfriend and I came on Monday, April 26. Although I may be the first on here to give them a one star, I have my reasons. I had HIGH expectations prior to dinning here, but after our experience.. it was a total disappointment.  I was overwhelmed with the menu,and the servers didnt bother helping us. Since FOIE GRAS wasnt on the menu other than on the tasting menu, that's what we both decided to go with, the 16 course tasting menu.It started off great, as our first dish, we had the caviar surprise mixed with 3 different crabs.  Everything went down hill there and on..so disappointing?! Our lobster was over poached... mind you, we have lobster at home pretty often, so u cant fool us :p The chef should know how to poach lobster to it's perfection if we can! My boyfriend and i LOVE LOVE LOVE foie gras, but guess what? They over-cooked it. I must say the worst dish we had was the asparagus dish, that thing tasted like chinese herbal medicine. eeh hella gross...  I think by the 6th dish, I literally stopped eating, i really couldnt eat ne more...i would have threw up if i ate n e more. But i did eat some of the desserts... still cant beat Gary Danko's Dessert in my opinon! $1000 was so not worth it here.... I could have eaten at The Dinning Room twice and the food was soooo much better there!1 star because service was pretty good aside from what i had mentioned abovedanother star, their dessert cart candies were delicious!! :)
5	One word for Joel Robuchon is spectacular.  It was my last night at Vegas, so my friends and I spurgled ourselves with the best fine dining experience at Joel Robuchon.  No why wonder it is 3 star Michelin rated.It's the most elegant restaurant I had went to.  Everything from the color choice, chandelier, and seating was perfect.  My wife And I each order the two course meal.  At first I thought it wouldn't feel me up, but i was so wrong.  There was a promotion at MGM grand, if you are a prima club member which I was, you would get a free bottle of champagne.We started with l'amuse-bouche which was cavier with crab meat.  I can't believed a restaurant would serve cavier as l'amuse bouche because it would past as an appetizer.  It was so refreshing.  It's was just exceptional and they didn't go skimpy on the crab meat or the caviar.  For the main course, I had their signature dish which was the spiny lobster poached in a court bouillon with coral, radish shaving and nori.  I absolutely love this dish.  The best lobster dish I had ever eaten in my life.  The bouillon was super tasty and light.  The lobster was perfectly cooked and juicy.  My wife had the beef ribeye with wasabi spinach.  It was also very good, but it can't beat my spiny lobster.  For dessert, I chose the mojito and my wife had the chocolate.  The mojito was refreshing, but I prefer the chocolate because of the house made decaf mocha ice cream.  We also had a pistachio and strawberry ice cream cake on the house since we were celebrating a friends birthday one month early.Before we left, we got complimentary coffee and mixture of minature desserts.  I ate all the desserts and drank all the coffee.  It was good and for the ladies they were given a pretty gift box filled with raspberry and passion fruit marshmallow.Joel robuchon is once in a life time experience. It was a very expensive meal that is worth every dollar, but I would just do it once.
5	***500th Review***Wow, where to start? The evening began with an awesome ride in the famous gold limo and a short tour of the Mansion. A hot chick dressed in a kimono leads you through  the Mansion and into food fantasy land. Sadly food fantasy land is incredibly ugly - done up in shades of pale pink and purple with lace doilies everywhere. We ate here 2 weeks after Easter and there were Easter eggs everywhere. Pink, purple, easter eggs.EW.Take out the pastel Easter theme and this place is flawless ! We did 2 courses for $135 and I'd really say 1 course for $105 or 2 courses for $135 is the way to go! You do NOT need to order dessert. Trust me. I could go on all day about the bread. The 35 choices. The fact that they heat up your bread for you. The butter carved lovingly off of a huge loaf with salt sprinkled on top. For us carboholics, you've just reached nirvana. Be careful, however, there's still food coming!The amuse bouche is crab and caviar. Delicious and impeccable.Course 1: It's between here and Alex for the best sea scallops in town. If you're a scallop person, by all means don't miss these. The king crab salad was equally amazing.Course 2: So I made the mistake of getting the lobster. While it was great, my husband ordered the foie gras wrapped in guinea hen. This was the single best dish I've ever had in my life. It sounded blah, but WOW, life changing dish. Like close your eyes in ecstasy dish! So good in fact that for $40 my Dad and I ordered one to share in addition to our lobster. The only travesty is that dish is too small ! I could eat 3 of those , but then I'm a glutton. Dessert: So like I said, don't order one. They bring out this cart of magical delights that's included with your meal, each one more fabulous than the last . FOURTY choices of mini treats. Each one hand painted in metallic colors.. wow.. beautiful, tasty, there really were no duds here. Tahitian vanilla caramels, banana filled chocolates (with actual fresh bananas inside!), white chocolate dipped pineapple... We got 5 or so each, but we should have gotten 10 ! So I'm going to leave you with some help if you're trying to decide between this place and Alex (my other favorite place in Vegas). I liked Joel a little bit better because *limo*guinea hen (best dish of my life)*bread cart*dessert cart However, the rest of the diners in my party preferred Alex. I can definitely agree on an aesthetic standpoint - Alex is just a better dining environment.  I didn't have any of the best dishes of my life at Alex, HOWEVER, Alex overall was more food for the price and every single thing was fantastic. In simple terms, Joel's food ranged from 4 to 5 depending on the dish. At Alex, everything was a 4.5 . My husband summed it up this way: Next time we want a nice dinner, call Joel and see if they have the guinea hen/foie. If they do - go to Joel for the $105 menu and just get that, the bread, the amuse, and the dessert cart! Otherwise, Alex all the way. PS - posted lots of pics. I'm not a big picture person but this place was so jaw dropping I couldn't resist.
5	An amazing evening of decadent dining!  I'd give it a solid 4.5 stars (Perhaps I've just been spoiled by fabulous dining experiences while living in NYC.)  It all begins with a ride in the MGM gold limo, transporting you in style from your hotel to the private entrance of The Mansion.  From there you're escorted by the hostess through the Mansion and the casino to the restaurant. I thought it was richly decorated in rich purples, pale pinks, with green birdcages and (fake) flowers everywhere - though the decor might be too much for some.  You're seated on dark purple couches and even have a stool for your fabulous handbag. On to the food!  We started with a glass of champagne ($45 each, yikes!  Though definitely the best champagne my taste buds have ever experienced).  The amuse bouche was caviar, crab, and creme fraiche. Yum - a perfect compliment to the champagne.  My husband and I both had the two course $135/person menu with appetizer, soup, entree, and dessert.  The perfect amount of food (though I had starved myself that day in preparation).You get your choice(s) of bread from a vast selection (of 20+!) off their bread cart.  The gruyere brioche was my favorite (of the 5 that I tried).  And they kept coming back offering more -- but be sure you save room for the rest of your meal!For appetizer, I had the salmon tartare with shiso sprouts and caviar (another perfect compliment to the champagne) -- which was better than my husband's king crab salad.  For soup, I had the green pea cream (with bits of ham, mmm...).  Good, but nothing could compare to the truffled onion soup we had at Fleur de Lys.For our entrees, I had the spiny lobster and my husband had the spring lamb.  Delicious flavors, but not the best we'd had of either.  The spiny lobster was subtly flavored with coral and radish shavings, but I couldn't help comparing it to better spiny lobster I've had in Turks & Caicos.  The quality of the lamb was world class, but the dry mediterranean rub was a bit too citrus-y for my husband's taste.  These, however, were accompanied by creamy mashed potatoes - the ultimate mashed potatoes, tasted like pure butter, only better.For dessert, we both had the chocolate with coffee ice cream and caramelized puffed rice.  But wait, there's more... Ending the meal with french press coffee, they then roll out a dessert cart filled with an eye-popping selection of tiny desserts.  Each beautifully decorated and equally as delicious.  I chose 7 on my first go around, then went on to eat 5 more of my husband's selections.  Luckily, I still had more room to go, and the waiter brought back another 10 for me!  Hazelnut chocolate, pistacchio with ginger, strawberry cheesecake in milk chocolate, blueberry infused with lavender, five spice petit four... every one a dessert lover's dream!!  As if that wasn't enough, they give the ladies a boxed gift of their strawberry marshmellow candy that I'm still savoring.  And of course, the service was impeccable.  Overall a fantastic dining experience - just be sure you're ready to foot the $$$$$$ bill at the end of the meal.
5	Ok, this is my favourite restaurant, and too bad I don't have the $$$$ to eat here all the time. I was introduced this place by Darin L. and the restaurant has the BEST bread cart I have ever seen...I STILL think about it today! I ordered the three course menu and it came to about $230. It started with caviar with lobster, followed by this Asian inspired soup that is TO DIE FOR (it might have been Le Tofu), then I had fish (Le Turbot), and ended it with dessert. I even got a cute fruit cake upon leaving! Being a girl has its perks ;)I don't know what else to say -- THIS IS A MUST!I can't wait to try the cheese plate next time.
3	Nothing here actually WOW'd me.Nothing I ate really made me think 'I HAVE to have this again'.This was like eating in a library. Everyone was quite, they/we were afraid to talk because it was so pretentious. The classical music featured such hits as: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wod-MudLNPA&feature=relatedListen to this song and you can imagine the setting. I was seated on a purple velvet couch with pillows. After fidgeting with the pillows to prop myself up right at the table, well I noticed a foot stool, "odd for such a fancy place" I thought, but I had walked quite a way in 4 inch heels, so I used it.  I later found out this apparently is for you purse. (awkward)First of all, the waiters seemed to hang on your every word, which was annoying. If I want to talk to my date, well i don't need anyone chiming in. I asked my date 'what do you think this means'? Referring to something on the menu, out of no where pops a waiter who answered just as he is about to answer. That's what i mean. The whole meal we had to whisper, we finally started texting each other. That's pretty bad.If I smiled the head waiter would come over and ask if I needed something. I would say 'no I'm fine'. Pretty soon I just kept smiling to drive him crazy, it worked. He kept stopping at every pass. He probably now thinks I had the hots for him.QUICK TIP: For those of you too embarrassed to ask: If you see a menu item that says (supp $40) after it, that means on top of the menu price they add $40 dollars to it for whatever reason, like the truffle cheese souffle. They said it was because of the amount and price of truffles used. The lamb, well I guess it was a baby lamb fed gold flakes and the milk of the gods .Anyway on to the food: The amuse bouche (aka "gift from the chef") was a tin on a plaque. It looked like a tin of caviar, but it had something creamy under it. It was interesting. I ate it to be polite, but it was nothing special. In fact it was rather flavorless and the texture was off putting. It looked pretty.Everything was plated beautifully.The crab salad was my favorite menu item and my second course. It was excellent and almost too pretty too eat. The flavors and texture combined were amazing.My dates cheese souffle was too rich for me. The date ate it and was "not impressed".  The expensive truffles really did not seem to add anything to the dish other than a presentation factor.The main course I picked was lobster. It was beautiful, but a little tough. I expected it to melt like butter in my mouth. It didn't, in fact it was hard to cut. The flavor was ok, nothing special.I tried my dates lamb, it was very good, it tasted like any other lamb I have had at a restaurant, which made me wonder again why the upgrade in cost.The best part about the meal to me, was the bread cart. OH My God! It was pure heaven! They really need to open up a bakery for these clouds from heaven. They had the flakiest, butteriest, most flavorful, wonderful assortment of goodies, well i almost filled up on bread. You can have as many "cart items" from any cart, as your heart desires, don't be afraid to say "one of everything" when a cart comes strolling by. After 2 trips of the cart i pretty much did. There was garlic rosemary twists, brioche, cheese breads, croissants, crostini, baguettes, almost every type of bread imaginable and the absolute BEST!The $20 martini or specialty drinks were delicious, worth $20 a pop? Not really. I did not taste or feel any alcohol. I think we should have gone for a nice bottle of wine.Our actual desserts that came with the menu, they were odd. A strange menagerie of ingredients that I still am not sure if they went together well. I did not finish mine.The dessert cart was pretty, none of the candies/treats were anything special. Coffee and water are extra$.After the meal here ( $680 for 2), I wondered if rich people eat like this all the time, and if so, well I am glad I am not that rich or stuffy. I am, however, a food connoisseur. Someone who has always dreamed of eating at a 3 Michelin star rated restaurant, someone who would really appreciate the whole experience. I was somewhat disappointed, but I was truly happy for the experience.Note: I talk about price a lot, but in actuality, $$ is no object for me. So it is more FYI for middle income, average diners visiting for special occasions.
5	I just got back from dinner with my wife a couple of hours ago and I could not wait to review it. I'm not a 'foodie.' I can appreciate fine dining as much as the next guy, but I'm equally, if not more so at home eating late night Jack in the Box. It was my wife who insisted on us coming here to celebrate her birthday, because she wanted to enjoy a dining 'experience.'Let me be clear about this: anyone who has actually eaten here and gives this place anything less than a full five stars is out of their freaking mind. Joel Robuchon is not just an amazing restaurant, it is literally the greatest culinary experience I have ever had in my life. And I have eaten at a number of fine establishments. And it's not even a close call.At the time I made the reservations, I mentioned a severe nut allergy. More on that later. We are staying at Vdara and they sent a limo to pick us up. Tres chic. It makes one feel like they aren't just having dinner, but rather that they are now experiencing an event.We drive through the back side of the MGM, to the Mansion, where our limo driver, A.J., drops us off and escorts us to the door. There we meet  Susie (who initially took my reservation), who greets us on cue and escorts us through the door, through a stunning courtyard, then through the mansion and finally out onto the casino floor and into the restaurant. From there, she guides us to our table. From start to finish, we never had to stop, it was one continuous motion from limo exit to being seated at our table. If you've ever seen "Goodfellas," there's a scene where Ray Liotta is introducing Debra Winger to life as his gf. The camera follows them through a back door, through a kitchen, and finally to a private table in front of a show at a club. We see the wonder on her face at what an amazing experience she's digesting. THAT is what you feel like. So effortlessly VIP it makes you question why you ever thought that you'd experienced VIP service before in your life.A host of staff are at your service. A somolier, your server, a manager...at every step of the way, the server reminded me that he remembered our food allergies and gave warnings about specific dishes, or in the case of the desert cart, only brought out those desserts which we could eat.I started with the mint pea cream soup, which was stellar, and my wife had the king crab app which was just beyond. Server comes by and asks if we want bread. Sure, why not? OMG, the guy's bringing out a tray with like 15 different types of bread and telling me about each one! Sweet. I love friendly, knowledgeable servers. Main courses were the foie gras for her and the salmon for me. Unreal as to both. For dessert, they surprised us with a birthday cake for my wife and then an assortment tray. Bill comes...'hey, you're staying at Vdara, right? Would you like to just charge that to your room?" Are you kidding me?? We're eating at a restaurant in the MGM Grand and you're offering me the option of charging my dinner to my room at Vdara?? Would I like to do that? Sure, I would, thanks for asking Romiro! And thank you for the gift bag that every diner gets when they leave.And finally, Susie with the escort back to our waiting limo and then the ride back to our suite. Oh, did I forget that the chef even came out and thanked us for coming? And not like pretentious annoying chef, I mean like really friendly thank-you-so-much-for-eating-at-our-restaurant exuberant chef. He even posed for a pic, which might have been tacky on our part to ask him to do, but whatever, he was game and we wanted something to remember the experience by.Now, let's be honest with ourselves for a moment. Our dinner ran a combined $450 when you add in the wine, the tips, the food, etc. That's not a cheap dinner, even if it does unfold over a leisurely 2 1/2 hours. And with a different wine selection, or an upgrade to the 16 course meal that they offer, a dinner for two here could easily run upwards of $1,000. But, if your budget allows for such an extravagance, you will be hard pressed to ever have a better dining experience in your entire life. And I guess that's not a bad price to pay for such a memory.
3	I visited Joel Robuchon - Las Vegas last week. Since this restaurant is first and only 3 star Michelin Guide Winner in Las Vegas, honestly, my expectation was very high. I had a four course menu with a pan-fried sea bass for entree. It was a very good and high class restaurant but I couldn't find anything special. I liked a pan-fried sea bass but again, nothing special. I was impressed by a variety of breads that they offered but nothing WOW to me.... It was a fine dining that I enjoyed very much but I doubt of my future visit to this restaurant. Additionally, now Vegas strip has a lot of newer high class hotels such as Wynn, Encore and Palazzo, I believe that this restaurant should move to the new hotel to appeal their customers.
5	The best meal I have ever had. I had been reading previous reviews, both on yelp and from crtics alike, and I was excited to eat hear. I have eaten at L'altier, and thought it was good, but nothing to rant about.So when my wife and I got the chance to eat at Robuchon, I was afraid of dissapointment.The meal was anything but dissapointing. Everry single course was well thought, and well exectued. The decor, though not of my taste, was beautiful. The service was exceptional.We opted to skip the 16 course degustation menu, and went for smaller menus instead.My wife is not a big eater, and she opted for the two course menu, and I went for the four. Both of these menus included an amazing amuse bouche of caviar, crab, and fennel cream, the never ending bread cart and then never ending desert cart at the end of the meal.My wife started off with the tomato salad, followed by the rib eye with wasabi spinach, and she finished off with the choclate mouse sphere.I had the langoustine raviolli, the pea soup, the lobster with rice and sea urchin, the duck with foie gras, cheese, and the chocolate with cofee and lemon desert.Every single item was awesome, so much so that words can't describe how much we enjoyed the food. If I could afford it, I would go back, again and again, and again.
5	Words cannot describe this once-in-a-lifetime experience.  Reviews by Sebastian L. and Rosie C. are good, detailed reviews.  Best dining experience I've ever had.
5	An impeccable restaurant. With reservations a complimentary limo is sent to pick you up. You are then escorted through the MGM Mansion entrance to the restaurant. Thereby bypassing the annoying sounds and confused people on the casino floor. It is about a 10 minute walk ladies with heels. Graciously seated they know you are coming and direct you right to your table. There are a few different tasting menus available of two, four, six, and 16 at 135, 168, 215 and 385 respectively. An amuse-bouche, bread, petit fours and coffee or tea accompanies all meals. It is prudent now to discuss the bread. Served on a cart trolley there are about 2 dozen lovely varies of bread to choose from. General you take three different kinds in the beginning. Once chosen your bread is taken in the back to be warmed and whisked back to you in a moment. The butter is shaved off a block and while lovely it is cold. I dislike cold butter for bread.The menu doesn't change too much from week to week. Changes are mainly substations based on availability. The food is excellent. There wasn't a dish I didn't care for. From plating to palette, from texture to temperature the food was excellent. Portions were a touch too large for me but I prefer smaller portions in general.The meal closes with a petit fours trolley of four dozen or so sweets to tempt you as you swirl down the last of your wine. More decadent then the bread trolley and all the more enticing. It is an exhausting delicious list.I nearly forgot about the booze. Yes there are the perfunctory wine pairings. They also have several available by glass, half bottle and bottle. The cocktails are available but not very good. As a cocktail dork I would suggest sticking with wine here.Service is generous and kind. All requests are taken with earnest and if at all possible fulfilled.Is it worth it? Absolutely. I certainly look forward to having another meal here.
5	Ahh Joel Robuchon, you're the Chef of the Century. Not to mention being the only Three-Star Michelin restaurant in Vegas, plus a Forbes Five-Star and AAA Five Diamond award. Are the accolades true or were reviewers bribed with caviar?Las Vegas is known to have more top rated restaurants in one square mile than any other city (I'm talking concentration not quantity). So to find the one that rises above the others isn't easy. Yet Chef Robuchon has pulled ahead of his peers here.Situated in the MGM, not the classiest of the hotels but not the worst, The Mansion is tucked off in a slower corner of the property. The slots machines still harangue you on the way there and douches of all sort prowl the floor outside. However once you enter the opulent Mansion this all fades away.When we arrived the tall doors glided open and we were quickly guided to our seat. It wasn't busy at all and this made for a very intimate experience. The decor teeters on the edge of sophistication and gaudy but seems to work for their purposes. We opted for the four course tasting despite my eagerness to go all out on the sixteen course degustation. This is in part due to me consuming too much of a huge sandwich at Zoozacrackers earlier in the day, MISTAKE!It's been a few months since I dined here so I won't go into particulars about the dishes. All of them were extremely flavorful and you could really notice a delicate hand was used in their preparation. Presentation was nice but didn't have that modern wow factor you might find at other places on the strip; this is fine since the dishes seemed slightly more classical for the four course.The real air of classiness come with the bread trolley. There is a mind boggling array of bread that you can choose from. We tried a few varieties and each was amazing. Some of the best I've had. And what do you put on bread? Butter of course, with it's own trolley! it was a sweet cream from france in the shape of a large cylinder that they would shave pieces from. It was very nice and had a great fattiness yet concise butter flavor I've yet to find again.Upon completion of your savory dishes get ready for a visit from another trolley. This time stacked with all manners of sweets. If you're diabetic just hide your eyes and tell them to leave you alone. Each sweet was very clean in taste and very well crafted.But wait, there's more. We received a parting gift that from my understanding varies by the season. We received a custom Joel Robuchon case filled with two varieties of fruit jellies, they were fantastic too.The waitstaff were truly professional. They were courteous and very precise in their actions. Among the best service I've received in a fine dining experience. Reservations were easy to get and you can even book online through MGM. Prepare you credit card with a gentle lullaby as you'll be rocking it with one of the more expensive locations in Vegas. Four courses for the two of us with a moderate half bottle of wine came to about $500 before gratuity. If you go with the degustation that will probably hit about $400 per person before drinks and gratuity. If you love food and did well at blackjack then you should take the time for a classy affair at Joel Robuchon.
4	----Taste:5 + stars!!! ----Three words: Best. Food. Ever. -everything was perfectly cooked.  The taste was like nothing you've ever had.  The caviar in the beginning was the most tasty caviar I've ever had.  The lobster and dessert (some kind of coconut foam) were simply the best.  Perfection----Quality for the Money : 3 stars  ----- Portions were too small.  Its ridiculous how society deems "fine dining" as a meal that consists of anorexic sized portions !  Whoever convinced the world that "Classy and good quality food" meant small portions that are overpriced should be shot!-NO FREE WATER.  the only water available is $10 a bottle .----Cost : 3 stars ----$330 for two people, no alcohol (two entrees and desserts along with dessert cart and bread cart) .  if it was not for the dessert and bread cart, we would have been starving post mealtime. ----Service 5 stars ----Perfect.  Very well trained staff.  Knowledgeable, and classy.  ---Would I do it again even though it is overpriced? Heck yes! Best food ever!
5	Three star michelin in North America is rare. French Laundry, Joel Robuchon and few spots NYC....that's about it. Expectations are high and Joel's outpost in Vegas doesn't disappoint. The recession has certainly had its effect here as I doubt many can dine on 16 courses at $385 anymore without the expense account. They now offer a variation of smaller 2-6 course menus. Simpler and perhaps with more reason. So how does this compare in the world of French Laundry, Per Se, Alain Ducasse, El Bulli? Pretty well.We were staying at the MGM so the gold limo and private entrance we'll have to assume are pretty sweet. The quaint, regal homely dining room is impressive and the purple banquet seating is perfect for letting the food settle in. But the ultimate key is the food.Highlights -Bread cart - amazing selection, sample at least 3-4 pieces, the sweet rolls were buttery goodnessTruffled langoustine ravioli with chopped cabbage (Suppl. $30) - amazing pocket of bursting flavour, well worth the suppl and the best appDuck and seared foie gras with cherries and fresh almonds - my love affair with foie continues with this amazing preparationSpring lamb skewer with sweet spices, vegetables with lemon confit (Suppl. $25) - easily the best main, so tender and not a hint of gameyness.Moka - The (i.e. French candy/chocolate cart) - This sweets cart just amazes. Like Charlie in the Chocolate Factory in French, I couldn't resist the hazelnut chocolates and truffles.So, it is expensive and it is a dining experience worth the price. The food was top notch, the service was impeccable and the bread/sweet carts are an offering unique onto itself. I'll be back once the credit markets free up again.
4	Joel's is amazing!  Except for their price.Ok, I was ready to pony up for dinner for my mom and I, which I didn't mind.... until I found out what they charged me for. She got the veal while I got something with veggies. We received this tomato gazpacho that released steam which was a cool effect, complimentary, I supppose.  I absolutely enjoyed the bread cart (make sure to stuff yourself if you are only getting the two course meal because they are to die for, I loved the oregano bread!) when I told them it was my moms birthday they brought a beautiful tray of desserts as well as access to the wonderful dessert cart.  I thoroughly enjoyed the meal  as did my mom.  But I was shocked that the bill charged not only 7 dollars for a glass of soda, they charged for each glass we drank which was 7 between the two of us ( most of them were mine because I was so thirsty because the glasses were tiny!). I wanted to say something about it, but I didn't want to discuss it in front of my mom because show would have balked at the price. Be prepared for a lovely dinner that will charge you for every penny they can!  I would go again but will not order a soda.
5	Most baller restaurant in Vegas.
5	It goes without saying that my meal at Joel Robuchon last week was pricey - but GOD was it worth it!The room - gorgeous. The service - impeccable. And the food - just perfection. We chose the $168 tasting menu which included an appetizer, soup, main course and dessert, but they brought you so much more. The bread tray offered nearly 20 different individual size loaves, followed by a butter cart with a log of butter under a glass dome, which our fantastic waiter then slid a hot spoon up its side to create a perfect curl and then sprinkled with fresh sea salt. The appetizer was a gorgeous seafood dish, the pea soup was so fresh and yummy, his signature lagostine entree was sublime and the desert, a raspberry cake wrapped in mascarpone cheese over raspberry sorbet and decorated with raspberry chocolate was perfect withe the French Press coffee, then followed by the desert cart which was literally 50 different individual size cakes and confections. We paired the whole meal with a 1/2 bottle of wine the sommelier chose for us and walked away with a full-size loaf of his glazed fruit cake (heaven the next morning with coffee, and for dessert later that night with vanilla ice cream). The meal came to $500 for two, but if you are looking to celebrate a special occasion or just enjoy a really decadent, special meal do not miss Joel Robuchon!
5	We went to Joel Robuchon to celebrate our wedding, I had been looking forward to this dinner for a long time and it exceeded my expectations. First off let me say that this is not just a meal, it is an event. We were picked up from our hotel by the MGM's complimentary limo service and taken though The Mansions at MGM Grand (where the high rollers stay). We were greeted by the hostess and escorted through the mansions to the restaurant where we were seated at a booth in the corner. (I highly reccomend trying to book one of these as oposed to their smaller tables)My husband and I both ordered the 6 course menu which included an apetizer, soup, 2 main courses, a cheese course and dessert. As if this were not enough also included with all of the menu's is the amuse bouche, bread cart and the dessert cart. My husband had also called ahead and told them about our wedding and that I had also celbrated my birthday the week before so they gave us a celebration cake as well.Each course got better and better with the exception of one of my main dishes and my husbands dessert choice. This was not because the quality wasn't superb but because the flavor was not something we enjoyed. My favorite dish of the night were the veal cheeks, you must order this! My least favorite was the roasted lobster which was served over rice with sea urchin and asian flavors.. it just didn't appeal to me.I would also highly reccomend getting the cheese course if you can afford it and enjoy cheese, we both tried a few different kinds that we had never had before and loved each one.Overall this was the best dining experience I have ever had even though at times the service can be a bit snooty and over the top but so is the food! I would reccomend this restaurant to anyone who loves food and can afford to pull out all the stops for one night.
5	I am going to keep this as short as I can because if I don't, the sheer breadth of the multi-page analysis that dinner at Joel Robuchon merits would surely crash the servers and send Yelpers from LA to Portland, Maine spiraling into an existential K-Hole from which they would likely never emerge.Considerate as I am of the spiritual well-being of my fellow Yelpers I will say, simply, that not once in my many trips to this culinary temple have I ever felt disappointed in the slightest.  Not by the fabled bread cart that offers, among others, the micro baguettes studded with mustard seeds and lardons of ham.  Not by the varying levels of truffles and foie gras that find their way into many of the dishes.  Not in the cheese cart redolent of bloom and funk and moldy goodness.  I have yet to dispatch anything at this restaurant that did not make me furrow my brow in the way that one does when listening to Heifetz or reading Proust.A furrowing of the brow is, I reckon, a reflexive visual marker indicating a measure of serious consideration.  Serious consideration... that is to say... a deep and complex process of synaptic negotiation of what we, in our abject inadequacy, refer to as "Genius."  That's what we have here, kids.  Genius with a capital G.   There are those who would, quite predictably, seek to distract you from this truth by pointing out the fact that Chef Robuchon is rarely in the kitchen,  spending a weekend in LV every two months or so to tinker with the menu.  To them I say just eat there.  Go spend an evening with Executive Chef Claude le Tohic and his staff and then tell me, if your conscience will allow it, that it matters whether the namesake is in-house or not.  Because I've been there under both circumstances and the difference was plainly non-existent.  Everyone who works there knows exactly how Robuchon wants things and are equally as assiduous in their manifest efforts whether he is on the premises or not.I would be remiss were I not to warn potential patrons that the check that will inevitably appear after your meal is not for the faint-of-heart or short-of-funds.  But the naked fact of the matter is that you could easily blow as much money or more at the blackjack table in 90 minutes (or less... depending on the stakes).  If you are serious about food, or at all curious about what French Haute Cuisine is all about, you will start saving your pennies now to amass the 5 bills that a dinner here will cost you.  Do it once, at least.  Seriously, I've read your reviews and I can safely say that you are a precious creature, and you deserve it.  Impeccably arrayed and appointed.  Cordial service that is never less than utterly charming.  Every bite is both a feast and a revelation.  You will not have a better meal in the contiguous 48 states.As good?  Sure.  Better?  No way, no how.   Mark it.
2	I had fun making fun of the whole prentitious ritual at Joel. The limo, the mansion, service was all good but the food was boring. Pretty but boring. Thanks to limo driver for stopping by at In and Out on way back.
5	Amazing! Wow.This is what 3 star Michelin is all about. everything was perfect, gorgeous.though the decor was a little vegas with neon blue and gold sea motif going on. but lalique vases and cristofle silverwareservice was impeccablewe got the 4-5 course meal and in retrospect should have gone for the 16 course after how amazing our 4-5 course was!!a simple tomato and mozarella - was turned into a fantastic jello with micro mozarella topped with micro red and green dots. we made a video of the shaking basil? jello. it was soo cool!!the amuse bouche - caviar on 2 other layers. I don't usually like caviar, but here it was amazing!!you gotta come here at least once in your life, more if you can...definitely romantic. go in the main room for the 1st time, and perhaps in the side green room for a more private adventure after you have experienced the grandeur of the main room.
5	This was my second visit to JR and wow were we blown away, again. It was my boyfriends birthday so we flew out and were picked up in a gold MGM limo. We walked through the "MGM Mansion" which is off limits to the public. I guess it's only for the high rollers and guests of Joel Robuchon. It's utterly incredible. From beginning to end. When we arrived we were seated at our favorite table. The decor at this place is something out of a French palace. We ordered the 5 course tasting menu. The food looks small but oh boy do you get full. By the third course we had to adjust our clothes. Before your food is served they hall this bread cart to your table. This bread cart is every bread lovers dream. The cart had over 25 different breads, even the butter was delicious. We enjoyed every course especially the truffled ravioli's and the duck breast with goose foie gras. They have the best foie gras I have ever tasted. I think goose foie gras is better than duck foie gras. I put in a note for the maitre d to tell the waiter is was my boyfriends bday. After dessert they brought my boyfriend this little white cake. It was big enough for three people. The cake was absolutely delicious. It was the best cake of my life. I think I want to celebrate every bday at Joel Robuchon. After we finished his bday cake they wheeled out the dessert cart. I already had a sugar comma from the cake but there was no way I was going to say no to that dessert cart. There are desserts flown in from France and Switzerland but most of them are made there. They are all so delicious. This place is not cheap but it is definitely work every last cent. Expect to pay $400+. When you leave they give you a bag with a treat from the chef. We received an amazing raspberry pistachio cake. We devoured it with green tea the next morning. I will be back every year. I hope to visit the location in Paris someday.
4	My hubby & I reserved dinner at 8:30PM at this French restaurant. I have read positive reviews from food/restaurant magazines and also watched him with Anthony Bourdain's TV show. (note: we stayed for FREE 3 nights at ARIA--that's another review).He has restaurants worldwide - Paris,Tokyo,London,Las Vegas-MGM,etc.http://www.mgmgrand.com/restaurants/joel-robuchon-french-restaurant.aspxWe went to the one inside MGM -the decor was opulent (see their website I posted) & elegant. It's not that big - but we actually prefer it that way. We were greeted by friendly staff & we sat by the back patio. We ordered half bottle of Sauvignon Blanc & hubby ordered a glass of red later with his meal).  Their bread cart was an art (very typical of fine European fine dining)-the selection was just too much in a good way. Let me tell you about the European butter-it was so tasty (slightly sprinkled with very light flaky sea salt). We ordered the pre-fixed menu - 4 courses for me ($138), hubby 5 courses ($168). Of course, that does not include the wine(s). Not a bad deal because if you order a la carte' - you will end up more than that anyway. We both had caviar presented beautifully inside canister-underneath is a layer of gelee (forgot what it was),crab meat & topped with caviar. This type of dining is not something you will do every month - that's why it is really worth splurging only for special occasion - but of course, if you can go more often - why not?Part of my meal was lobster, split pea (reduced & poured on top--you just have to experience it--can't give justice here)..hubby had lamb..the rest in our meal were all equally presented well & also tasted good--beware though--as with this type of dining these days...the portions are not huge. Since each course was so rich & tasty--I believe you do not need large portions --else, you will be disappointed if you are expecting large portions. Europeans, particularly Paris, do not like huge portions - it's the variety, ambience, great service; are more important. Also, just having a taste of each special dish make for a good evening (or lunch).Desserts - we were actually full - but my hubby's meal comes with dessert (I chose the pre fix without dessert because I normally get full easily and only want a taste). He had a chocolate something (it was wonderful but I apologize--I forgot the exact name). There's a dessert cart with so many varieties - bite sized-- again, this is standard in Europe fine dining establishments (but not this many selections)--I selected 4 and hubby 2--part of dinner, not an extra charge --and we had decaf with it. And at the end of the meal - I was given (all the lady patrons) a small gift in their black to go bag --a bread/dessert (full small loaf) made with cherries, pistaccios wrapped in clear purple cellophane with white bow. Nice touch. They did the same thing when we were in Paris & had lunch at Jules Verne restaurant (top of Eiffel Tower).Overall - great restaurant & very good for dating, special occasion.  I was sorry that we did not go to his Paris restaurants when we were there in 2007 and recently June, 2010.We also missed the one in London-and we we've been in London multiple times--had I know then.... Next time......
5	I'm not a big french food fan, but the food is great. This is a "everyone must try at least once" kind of place. Bread cart was awesome! Their service is also The Best.   Everything is good. This is another place you'll want to put aside a lot of time to eat...because its more like entertainment with all the beautiful dishes than it is like eating. it's a real nice place...on of Vegas Best.
5	Exquisite! They apparently have a limo service that takes you from the hotel to the restaurant. Another Chef's tasting. Very French, very lovely. Everything from foie and tuna and beef tartare and john dory and caprese and jellyfish and veal. And Godly bread carts!
3	It pains me to say but (for me at least) this was simply not all it's cracked up to be.Maybe I'm too gourmand, or expectations were too high, or maybe I just don't love the French-ness... I don't know. I really wanted to be thrilled here, but was mostly only amused, and my taste buds were often a bit confused.So yes, it's kinda fun, interesting, and certainly delivers some dishes -- visually, texturally, and in flavor -- you've had nowhere else. The service is spectacularly buttoned up. The decor looks (as someone else wrote more perfectly) like they raided Elton John's wardrobe for curtains.It is very interesting. So it's hard to say you shouldn't give it a look. But for straight up flavor, amazing taste -- no, it's nowhere near my favorite. And I don't think it was simply that I don't "get it"... though several clams later, I admit I'm not sure I do.Our favorite dishes were:1. The green soup (there has since been some detailed disagreement whether this was in-season pea or fava bean as the take-home guide suggests; we could swear it was pea) with onion foam. It was fabulous and addictive. 2. The amuse-bouche of caviar on fennel cream. Very cool. Clearly a signature dish.3. The "caprese" gelee, which was simply so detailed and interesting. Though it had much more play value than spectacular flavor I thought. But very cool nonetheless.The other amazing part was the cheese service, but it's hard to give such a restaurant too much props for this -- I would also give 5 stars on cheese to my favorite warehouse in NoHo.On the down side, we had two dishes we found borderline unpleasant -- a tofu & eel dish that seemed fishy, and a lobster dish where the lobster was a bit rubbery. Might have been intended or not, I'm not sure. But not spectacular, and that was the goal.Beyond that, my only caution is that yes, my friends, you can order too much food. After all the reviews, we thought 7 courses would be a light, fun trip -- it was easily 1-2 courses too many. At any normal restaurant you ce-la-vie I suppose, but pushing away food at this price (and quality?) feels a little painful somehow.Every adventurer finds a dead end occasionally, and it was still fun searching. So no love lost, the conversation were company was exceptional, and we'll be back at the search again tomorrow.
5	What an incredible experience.  Just returned from the most amazing dining extravaganza ever.  First, you get picked up at your hotel with the MGM limo.  Just a short ride from the Vdara, but we never entered the casino.  You enter into the Mansion at MGM at a gated private driveway.  The mansion is breathtaking.This place is a foodie's dream.  The service is impeccable, the food is the best ever.  We had the 4 course menu for $168.00.  Really not bad at all, but overall we ended up spending $6 bills for the 2 of us.  Pricey, but absolutely worth every penny.  The bread cart is phenomenal.  17 selections.  I managed to down 5 selections.  I could not eat any more after that, but absolutely the best bread ever.  I had the bacon fogas, milk brioche, asiago baquette, rustic olive, basil brioche.  Mmmmmmm  Good.  The butter presentation was also impressive.  The server carves a section of butter and sprinkles sea salt on it.  They also offer mr. Robuchon's olive oil.  The best olive oil I ever tasted.  So fruity and tasty.  The caviar amuse is outstanding.  The caviar was served over crab and a fennel cream.  So dang delicious.  I was in awe.  Next came the next  3 courses - Truffled Langoustine Ravioli, Le Tofu Soup, smoked eel seaweed gelee and my main course was the Roasted Lobster on pilaf rice and caramelized sea urchin with oriental essences.  I was blown away.  All of it was so good and I ate everything on my plate.  For dessert - Guanaja Chocolate Ganache, crunchy cocoa nib and acai sorbet.  Beautiful...  Then came the mignardise cart.  Oh my goodness.  I was in heaven.  Over 20 selections of the most delicious confections to choose from.  I had the nougat, caramel chocolate, macaroon, meringue, white chocolate pineapple and a couple more...  The hostess arranged for the limo to take us back to Vdara.  Such a class act.  The service staff is very nice and friendly.  They provide exceptional service, but they are not stuffy.  An amazing evening, which I will remember for a long time.
5	went here for dinner about a month ago.  Very awesome that they pick you up in the limo and get to walk the through the mansion part of MGM.  Was sat immediately at out table just outside the main dining room.  Very quiet and relaxing atmosphere.  For the most part the staff was very friendly but there were a few staff members who were on the stuffy/uptight side.  As expected, service was exceptional from the limo ride to the end of dinner.  Food was excellent with mix of traditional french dishes and french "fusion".  Had the 4 course dinner with appetizer, soup, main entree, and dessert.  None of the courses made me stop and say this was the best thing I ever ate, but all courses were exceptional.  As mentioned numerous times in these reviews, the bread and chocolate carts are not from this world.  To be honest, they kind of stole the show from the other dishes.  Just wish they had a written list of all the items on the carts because the choices are overhwelming.  Is it the best restaurant ever?  I still like Allinea in my hometown of chicago more but Joel Robuchon is just a shade below
5	Worth every penny. Lots and lots of pennies.Like, LOTS AND LOTS....Would i come back here? Pardon my French but EFF YEAH. I can't wait to come back here.Highlights: Bread Cart. La Langoustine. Le Canard (FAV!). Candy Wagon!!!!
5	I was so looking forward our dinner here. I took my husband here for his 30th birthday and I waited for this day like a kid that's ready to meet Mickey & Co.    Few hours prior to our dinner, I ended up having the worst stomach ache and I couldn't even try anything, other then a bite of caviar(YUMMO), a bite of his lobster dish.   Shame, Shame, Shame (on me).He ended up polishing 12 course meal all by himself and walked out of there like he just had the best sex ever. I'm sure it was orgasmic by his reaction. Since I can't speak too much for the food, I will just say their decor was over the top and the service was bit "smothering" to say the least.  Our waiter literally stood right next to our table while we were eating the entire time (while I was sipping on hot water/lemon).  Ohhhh.. and the candy wagon they brought out at the end. OMG!!!!!
3	No wow factor!! The only wow, was the check 820.00 with no drinks for two. Wow!! however,the service was amazing. The best I have ever had!!!
4	Exquisite food, pricy menu; good for special occasions.  Not the best in terms of the food quality/price ratio, but that's often the case with high-end dining.  Just wish the water wouldn't cost $10/bottle without anyone telling us, but when you're paying $150-400+ per person, I guess it's "chump change" compared to the overall bill.
5	The epitome of class. And whatever you do, don't forget to ask for the limo ride.
5	The experience was amazing. From the seating room prior to being sat at our table, to the bread cart (including expansive styles, and flavors) when you first sit. They do offer a 16 course tasting menu, but we honestly figured we would be fine with a lessor option. We really enjoyed the extreme care with which they prepare the food, and the knowledge of the staff. The Caviar is a great touch by the way! The dining was seamless down to the clearing of your plates (seemingly unnoticed throughout the whole restaurant as if they almost just disappear). Quite impressive and an amazing wine list but more impressed with the pastry chef! The pastry cart is mouth watering. But when you think you're done they send you with a gift bag for the ladies, which has a great loaf of a pistachio/berry infused bread. You will spend money here, but if you are a foodie it is an experience like few others.
5	Foie Gras. Alba White Truffles. Alsatian Riesling.[takes bite]"Are you kidding me?" [looks at fellow diners, bewildered]"good lord."[sniffs robust slices of white truffles]"this isn't happening."[sniffs again]"ok, maybe it is."no joke, this is how every course of the degustation menu went down. I also got really sauced without intending to. It was the champagne, I tell you!if you're going to do it up big time here, please make sure you only have one drink before you come in. Don't do what I did and, ahem, overdo it.Alas, the meal was a revelation. This is something few will experience in their lives. Incredible. I had to almost be forklifted out. I would detail everything I had, but it's not necessary. Be surprised when you go. Be enchanted. Harley, the wine director, was a class act, even when I accidentally called him Harvey. The only beef I had was with the decor. Think "mid-90s Disney movie set in Renaissance-era France," and don't be surprised if the chairs and candelabras start dancing and serving you food. Or maybe that was just the fact that I was past the point of no liver return.
5	This is one of the best dining experiences my husband and I have ever enjoyed. This is as close to perfection as it gets.   It began with an escorted limo ride to a private entrance of the MGM property, the Mansions.  Our host met us and walked us through the beautiful property to the restaurant where we were greeted by a warm and friendly young woman who then walked us to our table for two on the terrace-which was gorgeous.  The food began with an amuse of caviar served in our own individual tins with the Robuchon logo. It was superb.  The bread cart of 14 offerings was fabulous, and the waiter heated our selections.  Our starters and entrees were cooked exactly as we specified.   Both the beef and fish entrees were a delight to the tastebuds along with buttery mashed potatoes. The dessert was provided on the house since it was my husband's birthday. It was a delicious layered cake topped with meringue and cream plated on a stream of fresh apricot sauce.  Our French press coffee service was accompanied by miniature desserts most of which were exquisite chocolates and fruits.  We were allowed as many as we wanted.  I was also given a gift of Robuchon chocolate in the signature bag as a great take away.  Service was impeccable.  This is a destination restaurant.  Throw financial caution to the wind and enjoy every bit of it.
5	My first Michelin 3 Star Restaurant starring the Chef of the Century. Well, not exactly, since we didn't get to meet Mr. Robuchon. However,The experience was amazing even sans Robuchon. And that's exactly what it is - an experience. Like going to the theater or opera. It's not just *eating.* Be prepared to spend some serious cash, but if you are considering dining here, you probably already knew that.First off, the restaurant is beautiful. I love the color combination of silver, purple, and black so I felt wrapped in shimmery goodness. Behind my shoulder to the right was Chuck Norris, and to my left was Nic Cage, so I was also in good company.They offer 5 menu options for you to select your own dishes. Each person at the table can have a different tasting menu which was a nice surprise, as most restaurants don't allow that. The first menu option starts at $109 and the 16 course degustation is close to $400. I went with a menu option that inlcluded an amuse bouche, a soup, an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert. As with all of the tasting options, you also get to select from the amazing bread cart at the beginning of the experience, as well as from the decadent mignardises cart at the end.To recap our 3 hour experience: The bread cart:If bread can be described as beautiful, this cart certainly was. I had bacon bread, basil brioche and saffron brioche.Amuse bouche:Caviar on top of a crab and lobster salad. This was excellent and a perfect contrast of salty and sweet. My favorite part was when our waiter said something like: "Mr. Robuchon requests that you dip your spoon to the bottom of the dish to taste the full flavor combination."Appetizer:Salmon tartare topped with caviar. Very good, but probably the least memorable of all of my dishes.Soup:Chestnut and foie gras with bacon and celery foam. Ah, those little pieces of foie gras were scrumptious. Entree:Turbot and octopus with a lemongrass emulsion and baby leeks. Perfectly executed. Dessert:A whimsical combination of creme brulee, hazelnut pop rocks candies, chocolate marshmallow, and ice cream. The plate was decorated with metallic purple paper and purple sparkles. Love.The mignardises cart:So glittery and pretty. I sampled a blueberry opera cake, strawberry white chocolate cheesecake, limoncelo macaroon, caramel with chocolate, and raspberry chocolate cake. Served with Brazillian french press coffee. In lieu of dessert:My husband opted to choose from the very impressive cheese cart. Wow. As with the bread and pastry carts, you can basically select an unlimited amount of cheese. Unable to resist, I snuck a few pieces of his cheese. If you are so-so on desserts, definitely go this route. Other random musings:If you are staying at the MGM and sign up for the Prima VIP upon check-in deal, you get a free bottle of champagne with your meal! When you make your reservation, just mention Prima.There's also a free limo service that will bring you to the restaurant. We didn't partake since we were staying at the MGM.  I regret that since they drive you by the luxurious Mansion at the MGM, which most people don't know exists. It runs $5-15k/night. In conclusion:If you win big in Vegas and appreciate an excellent culinary experience, definitely come here to celebrate. But please don't don your Flamingo attire - jackets and cocktail dresses are a must.
5	Fabulous experience but I had eaten at Le Bernadin a month before and that took the top prize - this gets 5 stars on food service and decor but other restaurants at that level have been better....Le Bernadin in NY and then Gordon Ramsey in London both edged it out - but I cannot give it 4 stars when my neighborhood joint gets 4!
3	Suprisingly small. I could tell you everything about the conversation between the couple sitting next to us because we were almost in each others laps. It was elegantly appointed but had some odd touches. The color scheme throughout was mismatched. The hostesses were in asian attire (french restaurant). Maybe I'm out of it when it comes to stuff like this.The service was excellent. They were attentive and very knowledgeable. My wife spilled some of her martini (her fault) and they brought another one free of charge. Like most upscale french restaurants, it's as if they don't feel like they've given you the full treatment if they don't keep you at least two and a half hours.There were several dishes that were out of this world. The langoustine ravioli and the ribeye were phenomenal. There were some dishes that were good but not great. For $250 per person, it all needs to be great.The bread options as well as the dessert cheeses were almost overwhelming in volume. I simply can't process 22 bread options and 18 cheeses.With all the options in Vegas, it would be years before I would go back to Joel Rubuchon. Not because it's not good but because it simply isn't worth the time and cost.Smiley face.
5	My boyfriend and I went to this very special restaurant in September for his BD. We went to the L'Atelier du Joel Robuchon the previous year and really enjoyed it, so we were excited to try this. And it didn't disappoint. I felt like I was inside a jewel box. The colors and textures are beautiful. Rather than go into a blow-by-blow of our evening, which many others have done really well, I will say that we enjoyed the entire experience from start to finish. Everything was divine...from that tantalizing bread cart all the way to dessert. The service was impeccable. This is a very special place...a really unique experience that we will not soon forget...if ever!
5	wow... wow....wow....My very first 3 Star Michelin restaurant - and it was AMAZING.  This was a very special girl's weekend in Vegas for our 40th birthdays.  We wanted to spoil ourselves silly and while our hotel accommodations sucked, Joel Robuchon was SPECTACULAR!!!The six of us enjoyed ourselves and dined like princesses.  The churned butter shavings were just as amazing as the bread cart.  The attentive service was phenomenal - each and every person had a task and they executed each task with amazing timing & precision.  There was one server bringing the dishes from the kitchen just to the edge of the dining room, one person that would carry the trays from the dining room to the edge of the table, your server serving each dish from the tray... I could go on and on about every single person's role in this establishment! The attention to every detail, every dish, every presentation and every flavor is just breathtaking.  We missed out on the limo ride and walk through the mansion. It sounds like an amazing experience!  (Next time, we'll have to ask for that service when we book the reservations.)We enjoyed the ellaborate candy cart so much so that we were all presented with Joel Robuchon candy bars as a parting gift!  HEAVEN!!!!Thank you Joel Robuchon - we all had an amazing meal - one that we will never forget.
5	I'm going to keep this simple because most yelpers covered a lot of ground already.  First off, there was mention about the limo ride and wonderful walk through the MGM Mansion.  I would definitely recommend you opt for this just to experience the gorgeous and forbidden secret world of the MGM- it was such a delightful sight!  This will probably be your only opportunity to ever see this area.Upon arriving to the restaurant, my BF and I were seated at a very romantic and intimate corner of the restaurant.  The decor of this place is really breathtaking and I was in awe with the different color contrasts that they chose to highlight every single feature in the room.  It really complimented the color of flowers they had blossoming everywhere, as well as the plate settings throughout.  Joel Robuchon pays attention to detail and it's definitely reflected throughout  your experience, covering every aspect of your senses.I had the 16 coursed meal.  This is going to take some time because there are a lot of things that come out, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  Each dish that was placed in front of me was like a piece of art for me to swallow up and take in.  The food had a lot of interesting flavors with unusual ingredients, but it worked.  I believe they recently changed the menu I had so it'd be pointless for me to go through each dish.  Just know that the price of the 16 coursed meal is like an admission to an art museum.  You're not only paying for food, but also an aesthetic detailed manipulation of something with such ordinary significance.  The craftsmanship of the chefs are really reflected on each dish presented.Overall, Robuchon is definitely worth experiencing at least once in a lifetime.  Service is on point and also pays attention to every single detail of a guest's whole dining experience.  The bread, dessert, and cheese carts were beautifully put together and offered a wonderful selection.Would I go back?!  Sure will!  Robuchon is a 5 and much deserved because everything about this place is beautiful -and who doesn't like looking at beautiful things??  Moreover, they made me feel like I belonged, even if I really didn't. Love.
5	On our latest trip out to Vegas, decided not to spend all of my time gambling and opted to take the gf out to a nice dinner.  Was sort of a last minute trip and had a few options either Alize at the Palms hotel, L'Atelier, or Joel Robuchon's restaurant.  Luckily I was able to get reservations for Robuchon as it appeared it was fully booked for the night.  With that in mind, I opted to head there.  After reading some of the reviews, I made arrangements to have the limo pick us up which was nice and was able to see The Mansion at MGM.  If I only had enough money to be able to be invited to stay here...I'd be in heaven!  View of the courtyard inside (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=tlgIm9nOoOJZaihb6w1NTw).Being a person that doesn't eat a whole lot, we opted for the 4 course menu.  Extensive wine list (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=YPuqeZNxbriaW0JaTeyYgA)Bread cart (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=MxkdAaMPda34ObPsLQGSiQ).  I chose the saffron brioche, basil brioche, milk, and cheese breads (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=MxkdAaMPda34ObPsLQGSiQ).  My favorites were the milk and basil brioche.  Served alongside is also a special olive oil and some hand carved butter (forgot where each was from)Amuse bouche - le caviar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=pQqA7f1E_OLIgZnUZ7A9Ow).  I believe it was yuzu flavored caviar with crab meat underneath (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=TsLBlrHnktmrfW0Sn7K6EA).  I'm not a fan of caviar .. but damn was this good.  The crab meat and caviar was amazing together!Une entree - foie gras (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=cKyQx9bwiOr5X9uuw5l_3w).  Carpaccio of foie gras and potatoes along with some white truffle shavings.  Yep...you guessed it awesome!Les crustaces (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=lHWS6rQ1RSe_Qj2ttKb1Lw).  Roasted lobster w/ cauliflower with green curry sauce.  The sauce was a bit too sweet for me but again pretty damn good.Une soupe - la chataigne (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=RI9zI1dkjw797uAXUpP0ag).  Chestnut veloute w/ smoked lardons foam and a few pieces of chestnut and foie gras at the bottom.  Simply delicious!!!Un plat au choix - Le boeuf (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=eU_AhDxCSi_hR5P7t3pXvg).  Beef ribeye cooked perfectly rare on top of some wasabi spinach and a medley of bell peppers.  The ribeye was very tender and perfectly seasoned.  The wasabi spinach and bell peppers mated perfectly with the beef.Le bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=Sf5CZ0N1Mx--U1r_-alGmw).  Pan fried sea bass w/ lemongrass emulstion.  Another good dish with a strong lemongrass flavor. We also had a scoop of Robuchon's mashed potatoes (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=ewjlWVCBwbAtOHkXGWcuMw).  Very buttery and delicious.  I was struggling to finish my entree and even forgot to eat the mashed potatoes until the waiter asked if I was done.  Needless to say I didn't want them to go to waste.Dessert - la noisette chocolatee (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=Jw5zM37YfqnYDf1ZlqxbUg).  Roasted hazelnut creme brulee.  What was interesting was the use of pop rock candy inside this dessert which was surprising as my mouth was popping after the first bite.  Amazing dessert. La banane cremuse aux eclats de caramel au lait (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=kGhh1KrMLrewYEWz0_4MHg).  Caramel bananas layered w/ yuzu ice cream and honeycomb candy.  Good but I preferred the hazelnut creme brulee.Moka - (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=sIhkr7z2s-3CPSCFXXGTow).  French pressed coffee and I'd have to say the best cup of coffee I've had.Mignardises cart (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=22fto-LQoaGgNlqBgC4M8w).  Along with your dessert, they also serve you mignardises as a nice way to end the dining experience.  Supposively they have over 40 different ones to choose from!  Our mignardises for the night (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=AqNEJmu_awQ3ZMpFNBIpPQ).  Parting gift - chocolates!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=qYTTBgiq_kZ0xIi7gKZDXQ).  Throughout the night we noticed the three carts that rolled through the restaurant (bread, mignardises, and the cheese cart).  One particular cheese that intrigued us was a cantaloupe looking like cheese.  Asked the waited and he was kind enough to give us a sample (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q?select=splKz5HEnGdzyOqj4khBnw).  It has a gouda texture w/ a cheddar taste.  Pretty damn good.Awesome dining experience and was worth every penny, will be back!!!
5	This was simply an outstanding experience: limo ride, being escorted and walking through the MGM Mansion, and of course the excellent food!!  I think what I found most surprising was that our waiter was attentive, very knowledgeable, but extremely down to earth and completely unpretentious.  I think this definitely put me at ease and I was better able to enjoy the food and not feel bad about asking a dumb question!  But you know it's going to be ridiculously awesome meal when the amuse bouche is caviar with crab!  Of course, I had to try La Langoustine and it was unbelievable - I can still recall the taste of the truffles.  The braised veal cheeks were soft as butter and the mashed potatoes were silky smooth!  The bread, cheese, and dessert carts were awesome.  Will you drop some serious cash here?  Yes, but if you enjoy food, it's worth every penny!  Lastly, Joel Robuchon was in Vegas that night and we actually got to meet him!  He was speaking with some French patrons so we didn't think he would stop over at our table of obvious American clods, but he was gracious and even posed for a picture!
1	Not a frequent yelper but want to save others from my mistake. This meal was supposed to be the highlight of our Vegas trip- sadly, it was a low point. This would be zero stars but for our friendly waiter and the excellent wine pairings. According to other yelp users, a limo service is offered to take you to and from the restaurant. We were not offered this service and when I called to inquire I was treated as if I was making it up! There was something a little disappointing about dropping 2500 on dinner and having to walk 200 yards through a smoky casino to get to a cab. I also was disappointed that I wasn't offered a dark napkin (or at less a nonpilling one) and that I wasn't given a fresh napkin when I went to the restroom. Minus one star for service. Decor in the restaurant is odd. Purple and gold and "opulence, I has it". Todd pointed out that the impressionistic art was in contrast to the period decor- I thought it was odd the hostesses were in Asian attire at a traditional french restaurant. Gaudy and odd I can live with, but it carried over to the table setting. There were fake candles and glitter coveredStyrafoam balls on the table as decorations! And salt and pepper shakers. Can't believe food from the chef of the century would require seasoning. Minus one star for ambiance. Ordered the 16 course degustation menu. Bread cart,  12 plates and dessert cart. Not one memorable in a good way course. Plating was unattractive at best. There were inedible garnishes- costume jewelry and ribbons. And they taped down the bowls to the serving trays with scotch tape. And to top it off, the cheese cart is not included in the degustation menu! Minus two stars for food. Kicker- up most of the night with stomach issues. If my phone call re: limo service was any indication, my call to inform the restaurant of this will not go well. Only bright spot was the $595/person wine pairing. They opened several nice bottles for us to enjoy. They were knowledgeable and enjoyed talking about the wine. The pairings were good, not great, but the wine was so special it made up for it. If I had to go back (I never will) I'd ask for the wine pairing.
4	I was expecting to leave Joel Robuchon a changed person.  Okay maybe not, but I was expecting to have one of the best meals, if not the best, in my life.  I thoroughly enjoyed the olive oil, cheese, and bacon varieties of bread I chose from the massive bread cart.  The caviar with crab and fennel cream was an awesome way to start my 16 course tasting menu.  I usually don't like cold foie, but the second dish changed my opinion.  Thinly curled pieces of foie gras terrine, shaved black truffle, and soft potatoes melted in my mouth.  The rich flavors with a little bit of radish & coarse black pepper made me moan with delight.  At this point, I was thinking The French Laundry was in trouble of losing its top spot on my all time favorites.  The third course actually had a trio of truffles.  One was a mushroom consume with a veal stuffed mushroom, topped with black truffles.  The second was a black truffle tart with onion confit, and third offering was an egg custard with golden toast and more truffles.  I'm telling you, this one trio had more truffles than I had eaten in my whole life.  For some reason at this point, my service dropped off dramatically.  My next course was brought out while I was still enjoying my truffles.  Pacing was too fast, and I did not get a chance to breathe in between the rest of my courses.  At one point, I also had to pour my own water.  Come on, this should not be the case at a 3 star restaurant where I am paying nearly $500 for a world-class dining experience.  I really enjoyed the crustacean trio, pumpkin and ginger soup, and the farrow risotto, but there were a few dishes I did not enjoy.  That's not unusual for a tasting menu, and overall, I thought the food itself was rich, beautiful, and decadent. Just when I thought I finished with the chocolate dessert, another cart filled with les mignardises drove by.  I was so full at this point, but I did choose a variety of dark chocolate treats to take with me.  I left with a bar of Joel Robuchon chocolate, a high gloss picture album of the restaurant, and a slightly disappointed feeling.  I'm glad I tried Joel Robuchon, as most of my meal was extremely delicious.  However, for the price and disappointing service, I would not recommend this restaurant to others.  The French Laundry remains number one in my book.
4	Okay~ The food deserves a five stars, but the price is a four star.  It's mainly because that one glass of  champagne costs $45 (plus tax, and 20% tips).  I got the tasting menu, and the food & presentation are amazing, and service was excellent.  I had a great time there!
5	Robuchon is the one & only Michelin 3 stars restaurant in Las Vegas.  They get perfect 5 stars from me!!! I've been there twice, and I loved it & loved it.Their bread & chocolate cart experience is unforgettable!They exceeded my expectations in every way.  I can't wait to go back for more. Big thanks to my generous boyfriend, now my husband. :)
5	I vowed sometime ago that it would take a truly magnificent culinary escapade to usher me back into the world of Yelp reviewing. Alas, that moment, and by moment I mean a 4+ hour marathon of immense anticipation, stupendous gluttony and hints of regret along the lines of "Was I suppose to take more than 4 seconds to enjoy that entire dish?", came to fruition just months ago. My girlfriend extraordinaire and I experienced (and yes, you don't just go and eat at, you experience) Joel Robuchon in all its grand outrageousness - classic French cuisine mastered by one of the greatest chefs alive and delivered in a manner that was impeccably French and Vegas at the same time.Not many restaurants offer limo pick-up for its customers, but Joel Robuchon enlists the MGM Grand's fleet of limos to pick you up from your hotel. We were promptly picked up at 8:20 at the front door of Encore and ushered to the entrance of the Mansion (attached to the back of the MGM Grand). It's a whimsically elitist experience walking through the back entrance of the MGM, having every employee you walk by stand and greet you, but it builds toward that level of anticipation to a truly unique night. We were seated in the back corner of the restaurant with the perfect view of the rest of the dining room. The gleaming chandelier in the middle of the room lowered itself from the seemingly 50 foot ceiling. The furniture here reminds me of a Prince album on crack.We were greeted by the head waiter and given our menus. JR offers a variety of prix fixe options with you being able to choose a 2-4 meal prix fixe or diving head first into culinary oblivion with the 16 course menu degustation at $385pp. Needless to say, this was a "when in Vegas..." moment, and we opted to go with Joel's tour de cuisine themed after Autumn. Being Yelp has a pretty modest word limit, I won't go into too much detail for each of the 16 courses.If you've read any of the other reviews for JR, you'll see mention of the bread and dessert carts in most of them. Having been to a good number Michelin restaurants in the past year, I can say these carts are truly one of a kind, and they are definitely worth indulging in as they're guaranteed to have something to fit your liking (assuming you don't hate bread and/or chocolate, in which case you might feel a little bad while watching every other patrons' face light up as they stuff their faces with these cart items).The menu itself featured a wide array of proteins (sea urchin, filet, foie gras, lobster, duck breast, escargot, mushrooms, the list goes on) in a variety of preparations and styles. I consider myself to be a pretty adventurous eater, and eating through each of these plates was like going through a fantastic fiction novel. The pages of flavor unraveling with each bite as you feel this irresistible urge to continue reading, even when a part of your brain is yelling at you, "No more!"Some people say that the more you pay for a meal, the more disappointment you're setting yourself up for, and to be honest, I walked into the meal with a reserved sense of fear - that all the hype and expectations would overpower our tastebuds. That no quality or amount of food could warrant the cost. Needless to say, Joel Robuchon lived up to its namesake and left us in unparalleled foodie comas. Having had a few months to digest and recoup, I'm definitely ready for a sequel...
5	amazing.
5	Truly an once in a lifetime experience.  I had the 16 course meal & hubby had the 3 course...good combination & just the right amout of food for the 2 of us...the gruyere bread is out of the world good....it literally needs 3+ hours to enjoy the food....
4	Had a great meal here on 11/14/2010The experience, while good, did not match our many visits to both the Paris restaurants, especially in the dessert department. The service was warm and professional . The surcharge on the soup course was unexpected considering that I had clearly informed them while choosing my tasting menu that I was not choosing that option. I would still go back again!
5	[Michelin Stars #13-15]I decided to treat myself to my first three-star Michelin dining experience in honor of celebrating...well, life. I did not, however, take the gold limo that other Yelpers have mentioned;  Aimee P is far too classy for gold limos. No, I'd much rather roll up in a yellow taxi.  So what makes the meal of a lifetime?  Let's start with the bread cart. My eyes lit up and my inner carb fiend was in full effect when I that cart came rolling toward my table.  Rosemary brioche?  Saffaron bread?  Basil bread?  Ementaler bread?  Bacon brioche?  Milk bread?  Yes, please.  Of course, the basics were there as well, and Joel makes an exceptional baguette.  The rest of the bread was also amazing:  flaky, crusty, chewy, deceptively light.  I could have a meal consisting of the bread alone.  But let's not forget the butter cart.  Oh, that's right:  even the butter has its own cart!  Well, there's some sort of fancy olive oil there as well, but why on EARTH would one get the olive oil when underneath a glass dome is a block of the richest, creamiest butter you've ever seen?  Watching the waiter shave off a piece was like watching him scoop ice cream.  Smooth.  I wasn't sure what to expect of a 16 course tasting menu with wine pairings (offered in three tiers, with $295 being the lowest tier);  at the very least, I expected to be very, very drunk.  But the sommelier came by and explained that most of the wines were meant to be paired with several consecutive courses.  There was a total of 6 wine courses to go with my 16 food courses (+1 amuse bouche).  16 courses of love: - (amuse bouche) caviar, fennel cream, lobster.  yum. - (1) foie gras and potato carpaccio, with black truffle shavings.  A very well balanced dish and remarkably, the part that impressed me the most was the perfectly cooked potato (but perfect like I've never had it before!).   - (2-4) three courses of black truffles prepared in different ways (the French seem to be huge fans of those trios, huh?);  my favorite was Robuchon's take on scrambled eggs and toast:  crispy truffle tart with onion confit, THE richest scrambled eggs I've ever had, and of course, black truffles.   - (5) deep fried frog leg - (6-8) a seafood trio consisting of lobster, an interesting take on sea urchin with wasabi emulsion, and langoustine ravioli.  I was impressed to see sea urchin on the menu, knowing its...unpopularity.  Props to Robuchon for taking that risk anyway!  The langoustine ravioli was also wonderful:  I wasn't a big fan of langoustines, but having them prepared by the Robuchon kitchen has made me reconsider.   - (9) kabocha pumpkin veloute with ginger foam.  Ahhh, gastronomy in the works.  This was a welcome break from the previous heavy courses.   - (10) bone marrow and sweetbread ragout with truffle jus.   - (11) olive oil poached sea bass with lemongrass and leeks, with hints of curry.  This was possibly my favorite course.  It was a nice, light dish with incredible aromas and flavors.  I rarely see French restaurants willing to dabble into the realm of fusion, so I enjoyed this one a great deal.   - (12) duck and my second course with foie gras, as well as some sweet and sour fruits.  A more traditional course, but executed wonderfully nontheless.   - (13) farrow risotto with gold leaf - (14) pear and almond milk emulsion - (15) chocolate and fruit confit - (16) dessert cartThe dining room was decorated with large vases overflowing with gorgeous large, white orchids fit for the hairpiece of a bride.  Up till this point, the most extravagant floral display I've seen is the bushels of beautiful red roses at Bouchon;  Robuchon's orchids put these to shame (I guess that's what a $400 meal gets you!).  The motif was purple:  large, plush purple velvet chairs, purple walls, purple accents.  Even the gift bag I received at the end of the evening was tied in flowing organza lavender ribbon. (Yeahh, I know nobody cares about the color, but purple happens to make Aimee P very happy)Service throughout the evening was impeccable, from the elegant hostess who held the tall glass doors open for us and then graciously seated us, to the waiters who were on point in bringing out each course with flair, to the server who was gracious enough to allow me not one but TWO plates from the dessert cart (what can I say, I struggle when too many OPTIONS are put before me!), and to the half dozen waiters and busboys who seemed always available to satisfy my every dining whim.  The attitude of the servers was unpretentious, unlike some other fine dining establishments I've visited.  I had my Robuchon meal at the end of a three-day Vegas Michelin binge.  It turns out that this is my only regret.  An experience like Joel Robuchon deserves to stand on its own, not immediately following two other great meals.  Next time, I'll know better.
3	We had the 16 course tasting and 900 bucks later I felt cheated. Don't get me wrong, the food was very good, but I don't know about 400/per person good. We went to Sage in Aria the next day and spent 1/3 the price and felt that it was a better meal.
5	Best all around restaurant experience that my wife and I have ever had, and we have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the entire world. I can't wait to go back again and  do all 16 courses! Everything you read here that talks about how great this experience is and the food is the best they ever had, is all true. Anyone who didn't give this place 5 Stars or said anything at all negative about this place probably doesn't have the palate or sophistication to know the difference between great and good. This is great and worth every penny.
5	the BEST dining experience ever!!! joel robuchon is not just a restaurant...it's a journey that takes you to an unimaginable destination, full of surprises and hopes. let me clarify this first. this was not the best food i had, at least in terms of individual course, but the ambiance, service and presentation were exceptional, bar none, nothing short of perfection. it is not to say the food was subpar, but looking back, i believe joel robuchon's focus is on using the best and freshest quality ingredients to shine on their own rather than balancing each of their flavors to create something new out of them. so, allow me to take you on a journey to this magical destination... a gold limo (courtesy of mgm, but please tip the drivers!) picked us up from our hotel and took us to the mansion at mgm which was jaw dropping magnificent. a hostess then met us at the garden and escorted us to the restaurant which actually is near the main floor of us "commoners" casino. the interior was surprisingly bright and intimate with about 20 tables, rich purple, white and gold colors of fabric, delicate orchids and some wild animal figurines. immediately upon seating, we were given food and wine menus. the wine menu was quite overwhelmingly extensive, but fortunately the food menu listed just 4 different prix fixe options and 1 degustation tasting menu. i went with the 2 course menu ($150) and the hubby chose the 4 course one ($180) which turned out to be more than we could stomach after our buffet brunch (not a good idea if you want to go all out with the 16 course degustation option). every prix fixe started with amuse bouche, a generous spread of black caviar on a bed of crab in light fennel cream. i am not used to eating briny caviar without crackers to thin out the flavor, but this was excellent in terms of textural contrast and balance; the "pop" of caviar and creamy, soft crab meat. 2 course menu: * entree/appetizer - la langoustine ($35 supplement) the waiter said this was joel robuchon's signature dish, and i would not argue that. three small ravioli stuffed with truffled langoustine and chopped cabbage, garnished by strips of nori, were creamy, rich and everything you could ask for in anticipation for the next course. * main course - le bar pan fried sea bass and octopus with lemon grass, baby leek and artichoke hearts. i was a bit shocked that the sea bass was not fully cooked, but rather seared, which made the fish a bit stringy.  the octopus, on the other hand, was absolutely perfect. the way to truly enjoy this dish was to eat all of the ingredient together in one bite. all the vegetables used in this dish truly complemented subtle flavors of seafood.     4 course meal: * entree/appetizer - sorry, but i cannot remember the french name 4 thin slices of scallop on top of baby carrots, garnished with useless daikons. there was no cooking, no imagination, no sense in this dish. the presentation was really amateur and nothing on the plate was relevant. * soup - la chataigne light chestnut veloute with bits of foie gras and smoked lardon form. this soup redeemed failure of hubby's appetizer course. so light yet substantial, so delicate yet robust...infused with heavenly pork fat, this savory flavor brought out the earthy, velvety sweetness of chestnut and hint of creamy foie. make sure to spoon it all the way down to the bottom of the bowl where foie and chestnut pieces are layed. * main course - le riz saffron flavored rice with chunks of butter roasted lobster and sweet english peas in spiced bouillon. more like paella than risotto consistency despite the presence of broth, the rice stayed firm and full of flavors. overall, not something i'd order again due to its simplicity, especially considering the amount we shelled out. * dessert - le chocolat coffee ice cream atop guanaja chocolate ganache, puffed rice (yes, the rice krispies cereal), marshmallow like cream and lemon confit. it seemed like an odd combination of ingredients, but the end result was amazing. each ingredient had strong flavors yet nothing overpowered nor canceled each other. the chocolate was creamy and not overly sweet, the citrus flavor was light and refreshing, and the rice krispies added another dimension to this dessert. ******* going over 5000 character limit...i will follow up with "update". trust me, the best has yet to come!
5	continue from the original review... ******* like any true french restaurant (and italian), the moka was served to complete a meal. a miniature french pressed coffee for me (cappuccino and espresso are other options) and a pot of white chinese herbal tea for the hubby, accompanied by a complimentary surprise birthday cake, were presented to us. the coffee was quite delicious and strong but never with that bitter after taste. by then we were full, but this cake was phenomenal, the BEST THING I EVER ATE! this white cake was layered with fresh cream, passion fruit filling, mango sauce and meringue. i don't eat mango and i am partial to the sweetness of meringue, but the moment this cake touched my mouth, i knew i could die happily. there are some notable things to elaborate in this review; the much talked about carts. there are 4 different carts being wheeled around throughout the dinner. all servers memorized each and every item on all 4 carts (that's like over 200 names)...quite a challenging task. the first was the bread cart which seriously had more variety than any bakery i've visited. once we selected our choices, the waiter warmed them up before bringing them to our table. they were very generous with the bread and we enjoyed a few different types, but our favorites were the bacon epi baguette and cheese brioche. also, the french butter and olive oil were nothing like we had before, even in europe. the mignardise cart which was stationed in front of the entrance ever beautifully was presented to us. we let the waiter use his magic and knowledge to pick the best for us. unfortunately, we could not consume more than 1 out of 10 pieces after that BEST EVER cake. our waiter kindly packaged these tiny, bite-sized desserts to take home along with two boxes of citrus and berry marshmallows (i can tell you that these are not your every day marshmallows!) and a colorful booklet showcasing joel robuchon las vegas. the cheese cart which we did not partake in, looked quite impressive. i could smelled the pungent cheese a mile away. they were paired with nuts and pieces of fruits. the last was a cart designated for tea. not only did this house a variety of dry tea leaves, it had live potted tea plants, from lemon grass to mint. all i could say was "omg...unbelievable...omg!" the waiter would cut the leaves of your choice, wearing white gloves, and serve the tea in a pot, heated and stayed warm by a candle. another food item we were impressed by was the mashed potato which was served with our main course. this was pure butter (i don't want to know how much of butter was used here), and we could've had a bucket of this and more. one last thing that made our experience at joel robuchon more memorable and unforgettable was the people who were dining around us. a table of chinese family in flannel shirt, fishing vest and white shocks (this is 100% true although i would not recommend this attire), paying everything in cash, a table of two jewish businessmen in fine italian suits sharing their experiences at pierre gagnaire and alain ducasse in paris, taking pictures of every dish for their wives, a table of a lone lady with french accent gormandizing the degustation menu ever graciously, a table of persians with their colorful ties, talking and laughing about how much they were down (i admire their good nature even when they lost so much), and a table of older couple congratulating our celebration of birthdays, envying the BEST EVER cake.  who's counting the michelin stars and aaa five diamonds?  this was a place that never tried to display an air of snobbishness you often face in other restaurants of this caliber. everyone talked to each other no matter where you came from. at the end of the meal, we were escorted back to the mansion where a silver limo was waiting to take us back. the driver asked, "did you take a picture with mr. robuchon?" WHAT? the man was there? i guess it never hurts to ask. we found out the chef of the century usually shows up for long weekends when vegas gets busy. i cannot wait to take this journey again. we cherished every minute of our dining experience here. we were treated more like friends surrounds by people who enjoy lives as much as we do. when you are here, take a look around the restaurant. amidst the ritzy extravagance, you'll see and appreciate the personal touches of joel robuchon everywhere.
5	I glanced over all these rave reviews and I'm sorry I get lazy to go into detail bc it seems so redundant!  So, here's another gushing review of this place, I'll try and keep it short!Came here for a lovely Valentine's dinner and..It's awesome. So far, my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Love the dark decor with purple furnishings, dazzling chandeliers, glod accents, and plush cushions.  Their service was on point.  The plating was beautiful and flowed nicely.  The only thing I didn't enjoy were their fake candles.  I guess they got sick of scraping wax off the tables?My favorite is the bread cart--I'm a carb girl.  I could sit there and eat bread all day and be satisfied.  We had the 4-course dinner and we were beyond full by the time we got to dessert.  I'm not sure how people eat the 6 course or even the 16 course tastings.  I guess you'd have to skip out on the bread.The foie gras was my favorite, as usual.  It literally melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting MORE. The second favorite was the dessert cart with coffee.  I love picking and choosing and then picking more! Just like the bread cart my eyes get big and I get greedy! Can't wait to come here again so I can try the 16 course tasting.  Gotta save something for next time, right?
5	It's by far the best fine dinning experiences I've yet to try. No other restaurant has come close to the food, service and ambience.    The restaurant also sends a complimentary limousine which drives through a secret route to a mansion on the grounds of the MGM hotel. We were escorted by three different people just to get to our table from a back entrance. We never had to walk through the casino.    My husband and I were seated on their terrace which was romantic and lit by candlelight. I ordered the six courses and my husband had ordered the 16 course tasting. Six courses was way too much for me and by the time the cheese cart came I was too stuffed. The bread and the mignardise cart were the best part of my experience. The cocktails were unique and tasty.   Our service was nearly perfect besides them not refilling our water at times. My husband and I enjoyed our amazing meal that evening. The food amazing classic french. I don't need to ramble on in detail about the food because it's Joel Robuchon! It's a real three star michelin restaurant and one of the best in the country so you should experience this place as soon as possible.
2	Michelin states clearly that it awards its stars based on the FOOD.  For this, I agree that Joel Robuchon deserves 3 stars.  We had the four course menu and everything tasted superb.  Why the 2 yelp stars then?  Well, yelp describes the ambiance as "romantic, classy, and intimate."  I disagree.  First of all, we (hubby and I) were sat inbetween 2 young couples who were each 1 arm's width away from us.  I was about as close to the two ladies on each side of me as I was to my companion.  You could hear every single word the 4 people around us said, and it was very awkward for all parties.  Definitely not romantic or intimate.  In addition, the restaurant is very bright.  I'm use to a little mood lighting, but this place had the fluorescents way up.  I guess one of the waiters overheard me complaining and said, "The chef likes is bright so you can see the presentation of the food."  Well EXCUSE ME, Chef Robuchon, but I think I would be able to see your food just fine if it were a little more dim and really, I came here to EAT your food, not to SEE you food.For us, fine dining is just as much about the experience and setting as it is about the food.  Maybe things would have been different if we hadn't been seated next to twenty-somethings celebrating an anniversary and taking pictures of each course and oohh and ahhing loudly next to us.  Don't get me wrong, I think it's sweet, I just don't want to be so close as to be included.Tips:- Book the complimentary limo in advance.  We forgot to do so and they didn't have one available for us after dinner.- Go easy on the breadcart.  Hubby got overzealous and ordered 4 breads and could barely finish his meal.  Sounds like common sense, but hard to resist all those carbs when you're hungry.- Save a little room at the end for the chocolates, which are delicious.
5	I told Gage that words could not describe it.  He asked me to do an interpretive dance.  I'll spare you.  But it was magical.It's worth it.  It's a dining experience of a lifetime.  A dinner for 2 was more than my rent.  Way more.  Still worth it.  The bread cart is delicious.  They have bacon bread.  Score.  The cheese cart is amazing.  I tried everything.  Everything.  The little candy cart blew my mind.  And everything before and after surpassed all of my expectations.  I will say this though.  I enjoyed the regular menu items MORE than those with the supplemental price.  And what's this?  A parting gift...for me?  Why, thank you.  They gave us a pistachio cherry pound cake for the road.  It was wrapped in purple cellophane, in a pretty black bag that marked the name of the restaurant.  That pound cake accompanied me to the Hard Rock for Gambling.  To a Strip Club.  To a night club.  More Gambling.  Made it through 4 cab rides.  And finally, back home to share with my culinary classmates.  Just don't tell them the pound cake was inside Hustler.
5	Celebrated my 22nd birthday here and what an experience! The staff was incredible, the sommelier was right on target and the food was absolutely exceptional!I think the French got it right - butter, butter, butter! And of course champagne, caviar, truffles and scallops! FOOD OF THE GODS!
5	For our last night in Vegas, Husband decided to really splurge and get us a table at Joel Robuchon.  We had the concierge get us day of reservations and they were very accommodating.  We had the full pre fix menu of 12 courses and it was all amazing.  The staff was very knowledgeable, friendly and not stuffy.We were seated on the "outdoor" patio looking into the rest of the restaurant with no one else to share it.  So romantic.The bread cart was stunning, I was floored by the selection, but since it was going to be a 3 hour dinner I had to hold back. The wine bible was amazing, I've never seen so much in one place.Every course came with a brief description and services was impeccable.  Our waiter was great, friendly and easy going.We had a herb tea cart and had fresh brewed peppermint tea which delightful.Desert was amazing, we were too full to take advantage of the candy cart.At the end they presented Husband with a raspberry meringue cake-let what a surprise that was.Finally as a "gift" we received a copy of the menu, a book with images of dishes and a yummy little pound cake to take home.We couldn't have been more please with out last night in Vegas.
5	16 course tasting menu is worth every penny.  Heavenly food and the most impeccable, ceremonious and customer oriented service.  Food heaven.  Close to perfection!
4	Joel Robuchon has the distinction of three michelin stars, a rating which indicates a Titanic force moving the world of food forward and the rating is well deserved. Here is some of the finest food on the west coast and if you can afford it comfortably then be prepared for a culinary exprience. However, if one cannot afford thid comfortably then I honestly would recommend passing. Joel Robuchon plates elaborate complex tastes and flavors, this is a food lovers dream but it isn't for everyone and you don't want to walk away $1,000 out and dissatisfied by any means because of what you order. L'atelier next door is much more affordable and serving in the Tapas small plates fashion allows one to experience food of incredible if not equal quality plate by plate.The chef is a remarkable talent and his best offering is not actually on the menu they serve you. I knew of the roasted french hen with foie gras and requested it for me and my wife on our honeymoon. Suprisingly as the dish serves two people it is the cheapest offering on the menu but was one of the best things I have ever eaten or will ever eat and I know food. The only reason I have to give this establishment 4 stars is because of the terrible service and service can be everything. Our waiter was rude and to put in bluntly "snooty" which is inexcusable. The night before we had dined at Alex at the Wynn a two michelin star restaurant and one of the best in the country and had a great time. The environment of Joel Robuchon was stiff, quiet, and certainly not conducive to enjoying oneself. After we ordered the hen however, our waiter made an immediate turnaround seemingly respecting us more for having ordered this house specialty. The rest of the night was so much better we had to wonder why the waiters attitude was so cold and rude earlier. Nevertheless, the food is not to be matched. Desserts come in over a dozen varieties and are spectacularly playful. The food is wonderful at Joel Robuchon's however L'atelier is right next door and for a good deal less money one can experience alot more plates and flavors all of which are up to par. my recommendation is if you have a special occasion dine here. Otherwise, go next door to experience the restaurant style that Joel Robuchon himself always dreamed of making, L'atelier.
5	Dessert Tray
5	Well now.....this was an experience worth all the money we spent. We went with the four course meal and loved every bit of it. From the complimentary stretch limousine pick up from our apartment to the little "gift" of a cake that was handed to the female guests in our party, it was in a class of it's own.  I must say, that the food, the service , the dress code and the ambiance is unmatched by any other place I have been to in my entire life.  I'm dying to go back!Simply Loved IT!!
5	Absolutely adored Joel Robuchon!  I'm so glad I gave them another try.  I had originally tried Robuchon in December 2007, and while I liked it, to me, it didn't hold a candle to Alex.  Unfortunately, Steve Wynn make a huge mistake and closed Alex in January of this year.  Now I needed another "wow" restaurant.  Upon recommendation of a highly respected palate, I added Robuchon to my list of restaurants.  From the limo ride to and from the restaurant, everything was splendid. The staff was friendly and attentive (not stuffy as some have mentioned).  The bread cart is phenomenal; I don't recall any other restaurant having so many varieties of bread.  All that I tasted were great:  saffron brioche, 2 different types of cheese rolls, milk roll, olive oil roll and bacon roll.I ordered the 6 course tasting menu, and asked for certain changes to the menu, that were graciously accommodated.  My favorite dishes were:  the soft cooked egg with oscetra caviar in a potato nest; the lobster and sea urchin with saffron fried rice; duck breast and foie gras with plums; pommes puree--best anywhere; la sphere de sucre--favorite dessert of all time.Even though I was dining solo, I was given a great table with wonderful attention.  Definitely plan to return on my next visit to LV!
5	Best meal of my life.Yes, it sound like I was exaggerating.  But I'm a foodie and on travels I hunt out some of the highest rated restaurant. I had the full tasting menu and passed on the wine.  Why?  Because if a meal is truly exceptional I don't want to dull my senses.  I'm not going to go into the meal because so many others have.  Just a few hints for those going.1) They pick you up in a Limo and take you to an exclusive entrance.  It's a great way to start the experience.  Much better than walking through a smoky casino.2) If you have a course you don't like.  Tell them.  There was a course I didn't like and when they asked about it, I said; "Lets just say it was not my favorite course".   Nothing else was said.  But when the waiter came back he had a replacement course for the one I didn't enjoy.They truly do everything they can to make it the best experience.So tell them if anything would make your experience better.3) If you would like to gamble on the way out, tell them.  There is an exceptional private gambling area they will take you to.  The only problem is that most people are using $10,000 chips.  (  Ohhhh my gawd!)Only con is the price. Just forget about the cost.  Realize this is a once in a lifetime experience.
5	Delicious! Absolutely delicious!  The chicken was the best I have ever tasted - incredibly juicy, powerful flavor in every bite, simply exquisite.  The dessert flavors complimented each other perfectly: strawberries, chocolate mousse and basil puree... perfectly balanced.
5	I probably can't offer much about Joel Robuchon that hasn't already been said. My husband and I went for an anniversary dinner, and we went all out. We loved it for reasons I'll try to enumerate below. It should be said we adore old-school fine dining, which is increasingly difficult to find anywhere in the U.S. Every once in a while, it's wonderful to be doted on by a bevy of impeccable staff while indulging in a devastatingly expensive four-hour feast of the senses. In a hurry? Need to catch a show? Offended at being told what to wear? This place is not for you. If you want spectacular food without the fuss, try Bouchon, Daniel Boulud, or even Michael Mina's joint right next door. They're all good, but they're not a life experience, and they won't constitute your entertainment and longtime memory of an entire trip. Joel Robuchon will. It's the only three Michelin star place in Vegas, and the only places that come close are the two Michelin star places in town, and we've tried them all, including Alex (rest in peace). They're all wonderful, but none are like Robuchon. Again, that is not a slight on Picasso, Alex, or Guy Savoy. In fact, we had equally delicious food, remarkable service and a great experience at Guy Savoy - all while paying half as much. We loved all those restaurants. None are quite like Joel Robuchon. We both had the 13-course degustation menu. We started with the excellent house champagne, Bruno Paillard. This review could get long and look more like it should be on Chowhound if I detail each course. I'll simply say that we're unabashed food snobs who've  eaten a lot of great things, and we were both blown away by the creativity, cleverness, artfulness, and quality at Joel Robuchon. The meal was delightfully paced as well, and somehow my husband and I managed to finish sated and not even close to stuffed. The setting and service was above reproach, too. Given its location right on the floor of the MGM Grand, we had some concerns about the setting, but one readily forgets that. We found it elegant and romantic. Servers are friendly but not familiar. Things (utensils, bread, plates, courses, etc.) materialize and disappear right when you want them to, almost magically. You are never, ever rushed. The pacing is European and perfect for the cuisine. The sommelier was perfect, helpful and not interested in upselling (interestingly, wine is kind of a bargain at Joel Robuchon, at least compared to its retail prices). The night ended fittingly, with several over-the-top flourishes. First the dessert cart rolled around with dozens of options (just point and it's yours). Next came the tea cart, which was delightfully absurd. You can choose from a standard list of dried teas, or they'll cut live leaves off the potted plants on the cart. We had spearmint and lemon grass, respectively. Once we assured our server we were satisfied, he returned with personalized menus of the meal we just had and what we would learn over coffee the next day was the best cherry-pistachio pound cake ever. It's very formal, very fussy, and very European. It's not for everyone, but if I could add a zero to my annual salary, it would be for me a lot more often.
5	What to say that hasn't already been said?  Well, this was my husband and my first really expensive fine dining experience.  We knew that we wanted the 16-course degustation, but knew we'd pay a hefty price, about half the cost of our entire mini-vacation!  So we knew it wasn't worth it.Well, it was COMPLETELY worth it!  I do believe that dining like this is not for everyone (and I was a bit disgusted with some people wearing faded jeans to dinner - I mean seriously??), but if you like fine dining it is a must.Out of the 16-course degustation, our favorites were the asparagus caviar, maki roll caviar, scallop, lobster, sea urchin, chicken, and soybean risotto - all of these were over the top amazing!  And this was coming from people who thought they didn't/wouldn't like caviar, sea urchin, and foie gras!  That being said, the rest of the courses were excellent too - not every one was something that I would order myself, but every dish was a surprise of tastes, a feast of the senses.Of course, the service was spectacular as well.  The limo was right on time to pick us up at TI and an excellent addition to the experience.  The waitstaff did the best job I had ever seen and will be unlikely to be beaten in the near future.Honestly, I only have positive things to say about this meal.  We will definitely be back, though it could be a few years (as it is very expensive!).  That being said, this is perhaps a once-in-a-lifetime experience, worth every penny, and I'll definitely be craving this food for YEARS.
5	This is a foodie heaven. One of the few places I have ever been where every course is memorable. Definitely deserving a the three Michellin stars and a welcome high end outlet in Vegas.The restaurant itself is elegant and inviting. My husband and I adore the bread cart with the endless selections of fresh bread. It is so hard to decide which to sample and still leave room for the main meal!Expensive? Yes - but well worth the experience. It is a destination restaurant, one that, if you love food, will never forget.
2	I really wanted to love this restaurant. I was expecting to be transported, and I guess I'll offer an opinion that is contrary to most reviews on Yelp so it pains me to give this top notch restaurant only two stars.My wife and I have eaten at nearly every 3 Michelin star restaurant in the US and one in Europe. We've had a lot of high end experiences and very few have let us down. What I can say about Robuchon is that it is a very intellectual restaurant with dishes that are perfectly executed and flawless in its execution. The dishes were neither overcooked or undercooked. What was missing was soul and deliciousness. Three Michelin starred restaurants should have it all -- service, beatiful aesthetics, delicious food that makes you close your eyes in bliss and a wonderful dining environment. Robuchon was lacking in the food department and you can't make up for it in other areas if the food isn't great. I never finished a dish and said to myself "I would love to have another bite."The first course was a carpaccio of lemon flavored scallops. I adore scallops but the tiny dots that came on the plate were flavorless and I was overcome with the acidity of the lemon and the earthy flavor of the radishes. I finished the dish out of obligation but it was nowhere near delicious. This is a dish that a critic of fine dining would go to town on. All aesthetics and intellect but no soul and flavor. The second course was the soup and much better. My wife had the best dish of the night which was a tofu veloute with eels that was incredibly inventive and delicious. My pea soup was everything a soup should be. Incredibly exectued and well done.For the main course, I ordered the duck and foie gras and my wife ordered sea bass and octopus. Beautiful dishes that lacked deliciousness. We just had the duck at Guy Savoy the night before and the contrast couldn't be greater. The duck at Guy was so delicious and we audibly made noises while we ate. It was a joy to eat. The food at Robuchon was pretty but never hit us on a primal level. I dutifully finished my plate but I didn't want more, which is always an important sign to me. The desserts were ill conceived. My wife had strange popcorn attached to hers that never made any sense on any level and my dessert was a mix of strawberries and chocolate that never worked either. The service wasn't up to the standards of a 3 Michelin star restaurant. My wife dropped her butter knife early in the meal and it took a long time before someone noticed and replaced it. She ran out of water and had to drink from my glass. I could understand if the restaurant was busy but we ate at 10 p.m. so it was half full.I guess some chefs you connect with and others you don't. Robuchon has a remarkable reputation but if I were judging him purely on the food that was served and not the rep I would have only given this restaurant one Michelin star.
5	We went here last year with some friends, so I can't remember many specifics about the meal, but I do remember the mashed potatoes, the dessert cart, and the bread cart.  The service and food was exceptional.  While I definitely can't afford to come back to Joel Robuchon in the near future, it was worth the experience and definitely a meal I will never forget.
5	Birthday Celebration = Dinner at Joel Robuchon!!! From the Complimentary Limo ride to the spectacular service and elegant food's...our night at the mansion was superb! The walk through the mansion to the front of the restuarant felt so long and maze-like but wewe finally made it there!We were seated in the main dining area in one of the corner booths, which was a fabulous seat. Throughout the 3.5 hours that we were there we probably saw more servers than diner's, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. They just seemed so well-organized and everyone seemed on point.We started the evening with a bottle of wine, and I was pretty surprised to see bottles under $100! I enjoyed the 4-course meal and the bday boy got the 6-course meal. I don't want to go through every course because we each got different items and just tried each others. I do, however, want to highlight some of the better items we enjoyed: Bread Cart: felt great to indulge in some carb-loaded goodness. Appetizer: my Foie Gras was amazing and the plating was spectacular. My hubby's carpaccio easily takes the cake for one of the best presentations I've ever seen...it was so colorfully done! Main: my farm roasted chicken was tender and so very delicious. Dessert: I enjoyed the "Happy Birthday" cake they brought out to us more than my own dessert...it was extremely good. I found the bread cart, cheese cart, and mignardises cart to be a bit overwhelming. Even though they take the time to go through each item with you it is still a little hard to follow. The key is to just remember the ones with the key ingredients that you like(which he will point out)....for me it was: milk, raisin, coconut, peanut butter for example. He put together a nice sampling of cheeses for us to try since we weren't too picky on it. Our meal here made for a very memorable night and if you get the opportunity to come here I'm sure it will do the same for you!
3	Service was excellent and the ambiance was fine, although I did have a photo of Al Gore staring at me all night. It's a bit over the top Vegas style. The food was disappointing. Both my lobster ravioli and my spiny lobster main course seemed over-cooked, and the ravioli was a little cold. Soup - a fava bean cream soup - was very well done. Dessert - which was strawberries and a chocolate mousse, didn't work very well. All-in-all, a disappointing experience from a 3 star restaurant for the price which ended up in the $300 per person range.
5	Went to Robuchon for my birthday, had my best French experience ever (better than Daniel in NYC)!! I had 16 course tasting menu, the food is excellent and the service is spectacular!  For $395 per person, it was worth it, such an amazing experience!Also note, their tasting menu is changed on daily basis.
5	This was easily top 3 places i've ever been to.  Some of you are going, how is it not the best.  Robuchon is considered to be the chef of the century, yes, he is, and the food was amazing.  But to my specific tastes, not the best i've ever had.  Dress - says jacket required, so we suited up, but there were people in there in khakis and a polo, i didnt get it.  Me and my friend were sooo out of place, outside of being the youngest people in there, we're 24 and 25.  Everyone else was a rich fancy couple, and older then us.  The place is pin-drop quiet, and that was really annoying, as me and my friend wanted to talk about things.  Now, the place is amazingly decorated, as you'd expect.  Everything is as you'd expect.  You get a waiter/ress for each part of the meal etc.  There is a bread cart that you get to choose from, all of which are amazing, as is the butter, and the spanish olive oil, i have a place in my heart for spanish olive oil vs italian olive oil.We, as younger kids, opted for the two course menu for $160 each, even though we wish we could afford the 16 course one for $390.You get a palette cleanser, which was good, and interesting, and def did what it was supposed to.  for appetizer, i got the Foie Gras, which was incredible, and the violet artichoke, i gotta say, might have stolen the show from the foie gras.  my friend got the chestnut soup.  we did not share cause the plates are kinda small. but we both had zero bad things to say.Main course, i ordered the beef ribeye, and my friend ordered the sea bass.  this we tasted each others, and wow, again, both of these meals, neither of has had a bad thing to say about it.  Dessert, wow, this is where its at.  they have a tray, with 28 different pastries on it.  you get to choose 5.  1 of them, was easily the best dessert pastry i've ever had, it was similar to a puff pastry, wow. incredible.Overall - hard to get a reservation, a must by the way.  worth going if you wanna spend the money, but id recommend doing at least the 4 course menu though.
5	I usually write a thorough review on each dish, but if I did that for this restaurant, my review would be a whole essay (since I've tried both the 16-course tasting & a 4-course tasting at another time).  The  16-course tasting takes 4 hours to complete and the 4-course tasting takes 2-3 hours.  Instead of describing each dish in detail, I will go over the experience and cart selections.  If you are not staying at the MGM, schedule limo service through the restaurant  (comes complimentary with the meal).  They are very prompt when they pick you up, drop you off at a back entrance where you are escorted through the mansion (MGM villas) to the restaurant.If this is your first time at this restaurant, DEFINITELY order the 16 course.  My friend once said at least once in your life, you should try the 16 course tasting at Joel Robuchon (I agree).  I was lucky enough to be able to try it when I still had the metabolism to eat ALL of it (took my family here for father's day 2 years ago).  You start getting a bit full by course #8-9, and belly-busted full by #14.  It's very difficult to clean all 16 plates since there is a long wait time between each course, but mission completed for me :)  SUGGESTION I was given and will pass along:  Even though the bread cart is AMAZING, DO NOT EAT MORE THAN ONE piece of bread.  (Save it for another trip when you do a smaller tasting).  If you eat too much bread, you will get too full to finish the courses.  Each dish was unique and I don't remember a dish that I didn't like.  Don't be fooled  by the small size; each dish is packed with lots of flavor (and cream/butter/richness) and if anything, you will struggle to finish towards the end than be left hungry.2nd experience at Joel Robuchon was 2 weeks ago for my 27th bday (best bday dinner ever!).  I always told myself I'd return one day to try EVERY bread on the breadcart (since I only had one piece when I did the 16 course tasting), so this time around, goal accomplished. FAVORITE bread:  Bacon bread....followed by some type of cheese bread.  My friend and I ordered different breads and split them in half to taste...there's no way I could eat each & every bread offered if I ate the whole piece (and it's a bit embarrassing to order that much bread too) haha.  Served with olive oil (goes better with the softer breads) & butter sprinkled with sea salt (goes better with breads that have a crunchy crust).  After you choose the bread(s), they warm it up for you so it's fresh and toasty..yum!  This time around, had the following: Amuse Bouche followed by Le Foie Gras (appetizer), Le Tofu (soup), Le Canard (main course), and La Fraise (dessert). Each dish was amazing in its own way; loved the seared foie gras that came with le canard. They also served the famous mashed potatoes with the main course...it was smooth & VERY RICH/CREAMY...almost too rich; first few bites were good, but then it became too much...felt like i was eating sticks of butter with each bite (probably am).  BONUS:  BIRTHDAY CAKE!  (nice surprise).  This was the BEST bday cake I have ever eaten!  It had a refreshing layer of raspberry sorbet held in a light, fluffy, even crunchy meringue shell.  I wish they would let you keep the remainder of the uneaten cake, but since it has sorbet in it, it would melt :(  I actually liked this bday cake more than the dessert I ordered AND all the petit-fours.  Speaking of petit-fours, there are so many on the cart, I wouldn't know where to start.  I had a bite of at least 20 different ones the first time around (can't remember which one I liked the best...too long ago). This time around, had 5 different ones plus the "lollipop."  The lollipop has a light crunch, but not too much flavor.  I did NOT like the lemon macaroon (have had better).  My fave was the chocolate eclair, followed by the hazelnut ball among the 5 i chose (see photos...the 2 most right ones were the best).Service is superb (of course) and decor is elegant & classy.  The first time I ate here, they had a person playing classical music on a grand piano live, but this time around, they didn't have a live player (still played classical music though).  VERY QUIET environment.  Felt like I had to lower my normal talking voice.  They give you a parting gift when you leave also: first time, I received this moist, buttery pistachio poundcake with raspberries.  This time around, it was a milk chocolate bar with metallic purple flakes on the bottom.  The poundcake was much better than the chocolate bar, but it's not like you get to pick the parting gift...so be happy with whatever it is.  Either way, it will be yummy.I will be back for sure b/c I still haven't been able to try the cheese cart!  Will update review once that happens (hopefully not too far in the future)....I already have the plan in mind...1 piece of bacon bread in the beginning to save room for all the cheese I'm going to devour :)  Can't wait for my 3rd experience...who wants to take me?
5	Atmosphere's not as refined as The French Laundry, but liked the food better here. Went balls-out: both of us did the 16-course degustation menu (I did the "regular" one and my wife did the Vegetarian one) and we shared the $995 wine paring (there are three different pairing price levels: $245, $545, and $995). Ab-so-lutely incredible. The service was top notch and it was all we could do to not ask for more bread from their crazy display cart! Even when it came to ordering hot tea, they trim the tea leaves in front of you and brew it on the table. If that's not fresh tea, I don't know what is. I can't justify coming back unless I won the lottery, but it was absolutely memorable from the pick-up in their gold limo to staggering back through the Mansion at night, loved every minute of the experience. Don't half-ass this place: do it right. Worth every penny. If not my favorite restaurant of all time, it's a very very close 2nd.Don't feel pressured to wear a suit and tie; I wore a black jacket with slacks and a nice shirt and my wife wore a nice little black dress and we were fine.
5	This is one of those restaurants that gets me really excited to write a review. Looking back at my pictures, I'm already looking forward to another visit. We opted for the six course menu - $240 per person which includes: an amuse bouche, appetizer, soup, two entrees, cheese, dessert, plus the sweet little bites at the end. We started with the rose champagne and then ordered a couple of bottles of wine. In the end, it was expensive. Like, earn a free flight on your rewards credit card kind of expensive... but... for some people dropping a grand or more on a pair of shoes is their thing. Me? I like to eat.At first I thought it might be kind of lame but the limo pick up and drop off was beyond a nice touch. When I heard "gold" limousine I instantly pictured something bright, gaudy and sequinced. Nope. It's subdued, the driver is profession and it sets you up for a rather lavish event. When you arrive they seat you in a beautiful salon/parlor to wait for someone to escort you back to the restaurant. Who knew there were (starting at) $5000 a night mansions hidden away at the MGM? You get to walk past them on your way into the restaurant. Hmmm.... must think of a way to become super rich...They sat us in a small room which resembles a patio. For the longest time we were the only people there. It was comfortable. Dark. Quiet without seeming stuffy. If they brought me out food all night I would have stayed there forever. There was nothing Vegas tacky about the experience. 5 star, high class every step of the way...I won't rehash every dish but my favorites were the scallop ceviche, the beef ribeye and the pea soup. Actually, come to think of it, everything was amazing and the presentation of each dish was incredible. The whole evening was beyond special. A night, an experience we'll both remember for a long time to come. Do I dare say it? Even without the full desgustation menu, I put Joel Robuchon on par with the French Laundry. I used to hit up Chef Robuchon's little sister restaurant l'Atelier every time I came to Vegas but I think we just found a new tradition.Joel Robuchon is a fantastic restaurant and definitely makes my top five list...
5	We tried the $180 menu, which includes amuse bouche, appetizer, soup, entree, and dessert.  The amazing bread cart and petit fours cart is also included.  I started with the scallop carpaccio, pea soup, duck and foie gras entree, and the chocolate sherbet for dessert.  In a word, it was ethereal.  The presentation of each dish is a work of art.  It seemed as if every miniscule flower on the scallop carpaccio was intricately placed, and every drizzle was deliberate.  The service is terrific and not stuffy.  The dining room is plush and very quiet but comfortable.  The bread cart and petit four cart were definitely highlights of the experience.  Both are mind-blowingly beautiful and the selections are vast.  Kudos to the waiter for being able to rattle off the long list of breads and chocolates.Robuchon offers a very special and unique dining experience.
5	It will cost you plenty, but this is as good as dining gets.  From the moment you are picked up in gold limo, to the personal escort through the Mansion Courtyard, to sitting down in the dining room this is a truly exceptional experience.  The food itself was amazing both times I visited.  Innovative, delicious, perfectly prepared.  They even managed to make a ribeye something special and unexpected!The tough part is restraining oneself when it comes to the amazing trolleys (for bread, cheese, and mignardisse).  An entire meal could be made from these carts alone!  Definitely don't miss the bacon bread!The tea, coffee, and espresso are also incredible.  We were celebrating our anniversary and received a special anniversary cake for the table in addition to our regular dessert.They even give the ladies a raspberry pistachio loaf topped with gold-covered pistachios to take home.  A wonderful breakfast the next day!
5	from the moment we got picked up from the limo to getting seated and started out with their signature caviar dish, we were impress. love the butter and bread presentation, every dish was amazing, dessert was the bomb. we did the 16 course and thought it was going to be too much but food was soooo good that i couldn't stop even though i was full already, definitely a culinary experience.
5	One of the best dining experiences by far in my life. I'm very pleased to add this to my list of michelin star/fine dining/gourmand's bucket list restaurants. I came here during memorial day weekend to celebrate my hubby's birthday and the long weekend. The experience starts the moment you step out of your hotel and into their limo which they provide. It's a cool, short ride to behind the MGM and through huge iron gates which open to a secluded circular driveway, bearing the entrance to the Mansion. The pretty hostess welcomed us and led us through the Mansion's stunningly beautiful, climate controlled courtyard garden which is surrounded by villa balconies and patios. I hoped to see a famous face but no luck that time. We proceeded straight into the restaurant after the short walk. I requested a cozy and quiet table so we got one of the huge corner booths which were far from the center of the dining room. However the dining room was small so it we didn't miss out on any of the grandeur of the room with its huge crystal chandelier hanging from the middle of the ceiling and its plush walls and interior. I noticed there was a smaller patio dining room too with a cool moss wall. The plate settings were immaculate in gold. As you can see I love the setting and atmosphere of restaurants. ON to the food: we each got the four course prix fixe where we can choose a dish for each course. I wanted to get the six but we were going to Ka right after so there wasn't enough time. So for the dishes:We started with the bread cart and we each got at least two plates throughout the whole night. Do not skip out on this and don't hold back on trying anything! Warmed bread makes all the difference!!We ordered a half bottle of some good champagne to drink. The sommelier was very helpful and gracious. l'amuse bouche: can't remember what it was but it was good.Appetizer: both of us got the carpaccio of lemon scallops. I thought this was the most beautifully and creatively plated. Aside from that, it tasted heavenly. Soup: both got the Tofu veloute with caramelized eel. It was the most interesting dish; The eel and tofu soup surprisingly complemented each other very wellEntree: both got the duck and foie gras. It was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. The foie gras was melt in your mouth of courseDessert: I got the tahitian vanilla pineapple sorbet with almond panna cotta and hubby got the chocolate sorbet swirl with banana passion fruit cotton candy! Both were absolutely delicious. His came with banana cotton candy! need i say more? Before the dessert, I also requested to add a plate of cheese. The only reason I wanted the six course was to get the cheese but they graciously offered it to us even when we only ordered the four course. Plus we didn't get charged for it which is truly amazing lol. Last but not least, since it was his birthday, they brought out a special whole birthday cake! It was very pretty and cute and pink lol. They cut us two slices and it was i believe raspberry and lemon sorbet with a light cookie center and outside (with the texture of macaroon). It was one of the best ice cream cakes i've ever had! This was truly a great and unforgettable experience and I'm really happy to have shared it with someone special. The staff was very generous, polite, and unpretentious. I would definitely come back here for another splurge (perhaps on their 16 course one day).
5	Indescribable. I think it may be safe to say that I will never have a dinner that surpasses this experience. This restaurant is out-of-this-world good -- as an entire experience, not just in terms of food. For some background, this is my first fine dining experience. I'm a young professional, so this was a HUGE splurge. With that being said, I had absolutely no guilt spending that much money on one meal. It's not a meal, it's an experience. For those of you that don't want to re-live my entire experience with me, here's the gist of it:- The food is amazing. Fresh, flavorful, exciting. each plate is handled with care for taste and presentation.- The service is impeccable. They are timely with everything, and attentive to the smallest detail. - You will want to take your time and savor the experience. I wouldn't go here as a "before a show" type dinner. It is an event in itself. - The atmosphere is perfect. It was definitely what I imagined to be a fine dining restaurant by all means. . . except I didn't feel out of place at all! I think our waiter had a lot to do with it. He had all the etiquette, but also had a very inviting demeanor. - Take advantage of the complimentary limo service. Being escorted through the MGM mansions is a wonderful way to start and end your experience, and is a great photo op! Okay, now for the details.I had opted for the $190 4-course pre fixe menu *amuse bouche, appetizer, main, dessert*, and the bf got the $240 6-course pre fixe *amuse bouche, appetizer, 2 mains, cheese course, dessert*. If price is something you need to take into consideration, keep in mind tax, tip *these guys deserve a good tip, believe me!*, and drinks. We don't drink wine, but even keep in mind that the water is bottled, and non-alcoholic drinks are charged per glass. Completely worth it, considering the caliber of the rest of the meal, but just something to keep in mind. My favorite from the bread cart was the milk bread. I couldn't help but take seconds. :x* Every course was great. This is food you will eat slowly because you WANT to. I noticed even leaving out one small item on the plate would make a difference in the bite of food I ate. The highlight dishes were the Tofu veloute with caramelized eel *I wasn't sure how this would be, but I wanted to get something different than the bf.*, and the La Langoustine. Even though my menu did not come with the cheese cart, our waiter asked me if I would "be so kind as to help" my bf with his cheese course. I thought that was nice. After our courses was coffee and tea. Since it was for my bf's birthday, they came out with a miniature cake for him. That was dessert #2. As a note on their attentiveness: I was reaching the bottom of my tea pot, and our waiter insisted he get me a new pot because he thought the tea looked a little too dark/burnt *I actually thought it was fine*. To finish the meal, the sweets cart was brought to our table. We each picked a few, and then our waiter picked a couple more for each of us. He paid attention to the types we picked, and made his selections accordingly. That was dessert #3. After we finished, he stopped by, placing another tray of sweets and saying "I told the chef how well you both did tonight, and he allowed me to pick a few more items for you". On to dessert #4. Before we left, he handed us a couple of the wrapped caramels and chocolates from the cart to take home. Dessert #5?Lastly, the check came with a goodie bag for me *I believe all the ladies got one*, which contained a booklet about the restaurant that also included the menu *a great souvenir*, and a Joel Robuchon chocolate bar. Dessert #6! Our 5 hour *yes, 5hrs!!!* dinner flew by. I could have stayed there forever. The next morning, the bf and I had a very hard time trying to figure out what to eat. After Joel Robuchon, nothing sounded good. :(
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. ( Amazingly expensive too, but well worth it! )Everything is exquisite. Really, I could write forever, going through every single dish we had, but it's a waste of my time. There was NOTHING bad here. If you can afford it ( $$$$ ), this is one of my highest recommendations of a restaurant anywhere in the world.
5	I may have come down with a bit of extremely high expectation fever.  As fabulous as the meal was, I just could not get around the awesomeness-to-value ratio.  I'll explain..A limo, albeit a dated one, will retrieve you from any reasonable location and quickly bring you to the Mansion entrance.  As you are escorted through the more private entrance, you get a glimpse of the higher-than-high limit tables and the equally impressive Mansion lobby.Arriving at Robo, we were immediately greeted by name and seated in the main dining room, complete with purple sofas and yellow flowers.  Already set in our decision to max out on the food, we went with the 16-course degustation.  The menu is pretty consistent with the brochure provided at the end of the meal, and with all the blogs and foodie websites chronicling this place to death, I won't rehash the dishes.  I will note that the cherry gazpacho, caviar, lobster, soybean risotto, and mignardises courses were our favorite and absolutely blew our minds.  Choose your mignardises carefully as there are 45 of them, but only so much that can fit on your plate, although I'm sure that you could ask for more if you are so inclined.  We passed on the wine as we felt that would have put us over the food coma edge.Final thoughts:  The presentation and whimsical creations wowed me, and nearly caused me to forget to taste what I was eating.  Thankfully the 16 courses aren't individually presented, otherwise it could have taken all night to eat.  I'm not a critic and certainly not the committed foodie like some others on here, but I couldn't help but notice how relatively disappointed I was after we had dropped over a grand and able to reflect on that meal.  I thoroughly enjoyed and savored every single bite, but still do not believe that as a whole it was 33% more satisfying than the French Laundry.4 and 1/2 stars for the experience of a lifetime.  The meal was truly on another level, but my next trip to Vegas will not include Robo.  Perhaps the one after that..
5	Absolutely wonderful! We did the 12 course degustation menu which is well worth it for the variety of dishes you get to taste in addition of course to the magnificent bread, tea, and dessert carts. We had a show after and the excellent waitstaff paced everything so we made it right on time without being rushed. A must do for any true foodie!
1	My husband and I went to Las Vegas for a quick honeymoon after our wedding since we both had to go back to work. He booked Joel Robuchon after research and reading about how amazing this place is.  Our trip to Joel Robuchon started out wonderful. A limo picked us up from our hotel and we got a walk through the gorgeous MGM mansion. The decor of the restaurant was beautiful. Then the wine list came and my husband LOVES wine so he asked to speak to the sommelier with a few questions about the wine. The sommelier arrived at our table and rather hesitatingly answered my husband's few questions then proceeded to steer us towards another page with the comment "I think you'll find these more in your.. price range"record scratch.uhm, excuse me?! Yes, we are both in our mid twenties and it doesn't help that we are asian and therefore look like we are in our teens but here we are, about to shell out at least $600 for a meal (ours ended up around $800) that comment was so unnecessary in so many ways. We were both shocked into silence and proceeded with our meal.Then came time for dessert. During the course of our meal we saw the tables to our right, left, front, and back be served complimentary desserts/cakes for anniversaries, birthdays, etc. We ended up with nothing despite the fact that it was our honeymoon. I'm not one to complain about complimentary things but it was a little ridiculous considering literally everyone in the restaurant was getting them except us. Perhaps we were not in the.. price range..Overall the food itself was really really spectacular. The bread and dessert cart was amazing and every dish that came along was just exquisite. However the service completely ruined our meal and it was really really disappointing. We've never dealt with such condescension at any restaurant and was definitely not expecting it from such a highly renowned place with a michelin star.
4	In May my husband and I went to Las Vegas for the Uncork'd Las Vegas event.  While there, we decided to tack on an extra day specifically so that we could dine at Joel Robuchon.  We are both dedicated foodies and while far from experts, we truly appreciate a good meal.The dining room at Robuchon is exquisite, with purple velvet sofas, coordinating chairs and yellow and white flowers.  The chandelier over the main dining room is divine, and I couldn't stop staring at it.The menu is divided into number of courses.  You can order a 2-cours, 4-course, 6-course and the entire degustation.  Typically we would have ordered the 16 course degustation, but decided it was cost prohibitive being that we had already spent a considerable amount on the event that we were attending.  Instead, we opted for a 6-course menu.The food was very good, notably my husband's Langoustine Ravioli.  I was also impressed by the bread cart, the cheese selection and the mignardiise selection.  It was lovely to have so many choices.  We also had 2 glasses of wine each, one to compliment the earlier, lighter courses, and one to compliment the later, heavier courses.I won't describe each course as many have already done so.  Suffice it to say that Robuchon mostly lives up to it's reputation.  But overall, I would say that The French Laundry is better, and RM Seafood.Tru and Charlie Trotter's easily come to the same standard - and for less money.  Our bill was just over $1000, compared to the $800 we paid at The French Laundry for more courses and what I think was better food.  Given the choice to do one of the two restaurants again, The French Laundry would win, hands downl
4	I saw pictures of my friends dining here and was drawn to the very exquisite dining room.  So we decided to treat ourselves to dinner here during our spring break trip to las vegas. Upon reading the reviews and tips on Yelp (and very happy we did), we called ahead and had a limo picked us up from Bellagio where we were staying. It was fun riding in a limo with the license plate MGM2 (we later found MGM1 and took a picture with it).  Just a couple of turns from the usual streets, the limo drove us through the huge gate into this beautiful courtyard. We were led through the private VIP service desks, fountains, gardens, and eventually through another gate back to the regular MGM lobby. That was an experience in itself. The dining room was lavishly decorated with purple and white chairs and chandeliers.  The service was really good.  We had a Cantonese server that spoke our language who guided us through all the food and gave us tips for choosing the bread, the cheese and the desserts.  He even gave us free fruits to go with the cheese.The reason that I gave it a 4 stars is because while I remember the experience perfectly well.  None of the food really stood out.  While everything we had was great, there was none that was heavenly.  Nevertheless, it's a restaurant that worth a trip to try!
5	Went to Vegas just for a foodie weekend with JR as the main item on our agenda, having made reservations about a month and a half before.  We had made arrangements for the limo pick up but when we went downstairs there was an MGM escalade there so we thought it might've been for us. It turned out it wasn't but the driver called the MGM and told them she'd take us over. It was kinda funny cuz we asked her if the limo was nicer and she politely said 'um, no'. She turned out to be soo right cuz the escalade was gorgeous, luxurious and brand new. We took the limo home and as many of the other reviews have said, it's a bit of a clunker...although 'free is free' I suppose. ;-)We were in awe walking through the mansion... never even knew it existed. Our hostess was wonderful and told us the history, etc. and even took some pictures of us in the atrium. The restaurant itself was no slacker either... gorgeous and all decked out in purple and pink hues. Even our table had charger plates w/pink ribbons and these cute little trinkets all over the table w/pink and diamond accents. We loved it!Then came the food.. oh, the food! I won't go into detail on each dish because I'm sure all the other reviews have covered it BUT I will just highlight my favorite dishes: The bread (yes, it's a dish!) was amazing... we each had like 5 or 6 pieces which is WAY too much but it was so hard to resist. They had this amazing bacon bread and this wonderful cheese bread... do not skip the bread cart.   My fav entree was the duck with seared fois gras w/cherries and almonds. This was cooked to PERFECTION and they must've cooked the duck in the fois gras jus because it had the same wonderful flavor. It was a pretty amazing dish!  The truffled langoustine ravioli was also pretty delicious.. and the most amazing part was the cabbage in the middle (shocker I know?!) but it was cooked perfectly and had this amazing savory flavor to it. I'm not a huge cabbage person but if it was always cooked like this I would be! ;-) If there was one thing that I felt was a little lackluster it was the desserts. Don't get me wrong.. they were stunning and tasty but compared to the rest of the meal they just didn't feel special enough or taste out-of-this world enough. I had the same problem at French Laundry...no wow at the end. Although the mignardise wow'd us.. faboulous selection and all soooo delicious! They also gave us this wonderful lemon cake to take home along w/a small picture book of JR, which was a really nice touch. All in all JR did not disappoint and I can see why it would be worthy of it's 3 Michelin stars. I still think the FL was a bit better but would I come back here again? In a heartbeat. ;-)
5	So I can't believe I haven't written a review for Joel Robuchon yet!  Based off my foggy Las Vegas memory from a trip I took 2 years ago, it had the gaudiness of Michael Mina, the food quality of Gary Danko, and the service and experience of French Laundry.  That's really the best way I can describe what's possibly the best meal of my life.  This dinner is what convinced me that Robuchon branded caviar over dungeness crab is match made in heaven.  It also taught me that there aren't ever such things as a limited quantity of mignardises.
5	This was a great experience. Many of the dishes served in Joel's restaurant are an accumulation of his his best work threw out his currier. I chose the 16 course menu with the wine pairing and my wife chose the 6 course menu.  The timing of the meals coming out of the kitchen were perfect!! Not an easy task as we were not Eating the same food and I was getting about two dishes to every one dish my wife was. The food was prepared properly and the presentation was quite refined, something you would expect from dishes that he took from years of experience, but most of them lacked that wow factor in flavor. The best part of the meal was his great selection of breads and the dessert cart was amazing. My brother has been certified as a master in baking for ten years and is one of the best bakers in the world and the breads and dessert served at this restaurant are of an equal quality of some of his work.  The service was exactly what you should expect from a three Michelin restaurant. I scanned the dining room and it was clear that they had scattered the reservations and the seating of their guests so that there was no one seated near anyone else allowing for privacy and a feel of exclusivity.  Overall this restaurant is well worth it's three michelin stars!!
3	The rating on this particular experience has me questioning my previous reviews because how can i give Geno's Chowder & Sandwich Shop a 3 star rating and J.R. a 3 star rating.  I had the Sixteen Course Degustation Menu.Decor 4Service 5Food 3 (visually stunning)Wine 5Bread cart 5Dessert cart 5Limo ride 4Arrival 5 The process of walking through the "MANSION"Value 2 Parting gift 5If this restaurant was called Geno's Chowder & Sandwich Shop it would have been a 5.
5	Wow.  Best 5 hour dinner of my life.From the bread cart to the dessert cart, I was in gastronomical heaven.Go full out and do the supremo tasting menu, none of the ala cart BS.
5	I never understood the classic French fine dining and how people would pay ridiculous amount of money for minuscule portions of food. But after hearing that Joel Robuchon was awarded Chef of The Century and reviewing almost 5 star overall reviews, I thought I'd give this restaurant a try and see what the hype was all about. My husband and I went there for our anniversary. Arrived there as the first patron. Perfect for picture taking opportunity (especially for the untouched bread, dessert, and a mound of butter.....yet). We were seated in the garden area, a bit more secluded and private. Loved the ambiance and the decor (call me cheesy, but I love anything purple). The service was impeccable. I knew right away what I wanted, Sixteen Course Degustation Menu, without even opening the menu. My husband ordered Four Course Menu. Still skeptical about how magnificent the food was, I was both nervous and excited.  I knew then why people pay such a top dollar to go this place when I ate the first thing they served, Le Caviar (Caviar on a fennel cream). Just the fist bite of it and I am a changed foodie. Everything that we ate that night was delectable and too pretty to eat. Was it worth the money? I'd say.....ABSOLUTELY! It was unquestionably one of the best moments in my life.
5	I thought I died and went to heaven.  I have eaten in fine dining establishments from Paris to Hong Kong, and this is the best restaurant I have ever had the pleasure to dine in.  It is very expensive, but well worth it.  Put it on your bucket list. I have videos of the plate presentations on YouTube.  Search for pattishock1
5	What can I say that hasn't been said?  The best dining experience of my life in every respect.  Those Michelin stars are richly deserved.Bravo, Chef Robuchon!
5	If you go to one restaurant while in Vegas, make it here! Although pricey it was hands down the best meal i've ever had in my life. It is extremely elegant so don't bother trying to go in a bathing suit or a cut off. The noise volume is very low and would say is most certainly not geared towards a rowdy group. The bread cart was incredible, actually every part of this meal was incredible. I decided to go with the three course tasting and it was beyond words. The dessert cart was beyond delectable. I'm not even going to bore you with the details of what i had. All i can say is, if you can, try this restaurant and be prepared to be blown away!
5	The food is amazing . I had to get the cooking books .
3	The food was very good but the wine and price were ridiculous.  For $1,300 we got two $39 retail bottles of wine marked up to $80 each, to go with the tasting menu.  They wouldn't even let us do a matching wine flight to the courses like other top restaurants routinely do.  The loaf of bread cake they gave us for dessert left us laughing, and stood as a reminder the whole weekend of how we were ripped off.  The reason it is so expensive is that they want to comp the high rollers and tell them they are getting a $1,300 meal, when in reality it should have been less than half that price.  Avoid the hype unless you are a high roller and get in for free.
5	Arguably one of the top two restaurants in America.  Yes, the prices are obscene, but the experience is absolutely memorable.  First, this is a beautiful space with tall ceilings, comfortable seating, unbelievable flowers and a classic elegance befitting their reputation.  The tasting menus are expensive, but you can choose the number of courses and limit the cost while still enjoying the night out.  As mentioned the wine list is world class and so are the prices.  The bread cart is amazing.  I won't go into all the choices, but everything is presented with an artistic flair.  Maybe a bit too much foam for me (repeated on multiple courses), trying to be too creative, but everything was truly world class.  Desserts, coffee (espresso/cappuccino), and after dinner drinks are everything you would expect.Service is somewhat stuffy, though attentive.  But hey, this is pseudo-French, and you are dropping maybe $800 for two, so that's part of the schtick.Robuchon is a bucket list restaurant, for sure, but if you go it will be one of those foodie highlights that will be a metric for all others.
5	Wow!!!I might have max out my Platinum Amex here for a one of a kind fix $375 dinner!!I guess only the French can do this!!
5	The wife and I are "foodies" so we went "all in" (it's Vegas after all) and did the 16 course tasting menu.  When you're spending this kind-of money on food, you have to think of it is a culinary adventure and understand that there is NO "bang for the buck" value purchasing. If that is what you're looking for... check out the buffet!!!  That being said, this was a night we will remember well into our Alzheimer's years.  The complimentary limo ride was a great way to start the evening and gave us a glimpse at "The Mansions" area of the MGM (I didn't even know that area existed).  We were dropped-off at a reception area where the Maitre d met us and escorted us to the main dining room.  It was elegant, but not overly stuffy (and not as "sterile" as Guy Savoy).  The waiter was very French, but not snooty.  He engaged us in small talk and helped take the edge off of what could have been a very intimidating evening.  All of the food was wonderful.  The courses started "light and bright" and got progressively more savory.  The highlights were the langoustines (his signature dish) and the veal, but I enjoyed EVERYthing.  The only dish that left me scratching my head was the asparagus with caviar... it was just an odd pairing (however, it was the best taste of asparagus I've ever had).  It took us about 3.5 hours to work our way through all the courses and we were STUFFED when we left.  One way I try to justify the expense of dining at an upscale restaurant, is to ask myself: "could I have made that at home?".  The answer to that question is "no"... there is no way I have the access to the quality of the ingredients or the culinary skills required to prepare ANY of the dishes.  As long as you are prepared to drop a chunk of change for a meal, I could't recommend it more.
5	AMAZING! One of the best meals of my life! Five stars does not do justice for this place. The food was incredible and the service, impeccable. It was as though the servers had been through restaurant bootcamp. They were professional and thoughtful. The bread cart was enormous. There were so many different types of bread to choose from. Our favorite was the gruyere brioche. I think I had at least three of those that night, in addition to our 16 course meal. And who could forget that dessert cart that they pulled out at the end of the meal. I thought I had died and gone to heaven. It is definitely a meal to remember. I cannot wait to go back again.
5	We had dinner reservations here and arrived via limo and through the gardens of the MGM escort escort by a lovely tall lanky hostess. The restaurant is cozy and well decoatedWe opted for the 16 course. It is not as daunting as it sounds. The portions are at most bite sized but your palate will be well stimulated. Expect dinner to run late. Don't rush through it and savor all the flavors, layers and complexity of the dishes. They offer a bread cart but make sure you don't overload. Towards the end, during our last course we felt comfortable. Not stuffed. Dinner was long with great conversation and amazing food. The service is impeccable and Staff are very well mannered and informative. Make sure you save room for dessert!I may start having my lunches here.
5	HANDS DOWN BEST RESTAURANT ON THE STRIP that I've tried so far.Innovative, colorful dishes.We got the purple private room and had the tasting menu.This was back when I still ate meat and am I ever glad I got to try this before I got converted being immersed in the "vegan, organic, go-green" side of LA too long. The bite-size piece of kobe beef must have been the best tasting bite of meat I've ever had.Everything from beginning to end was exquisite. Definitely one of those experiences you don't want to die without trying. Oh and a glass or two of Caymus 2006 vintage cabernet (unbelievably smooth and pairs well with most of the dishes) just makes the night in heaven all that much more dreamy!
4	I will begrudgingly give Chef Robuchon's namesake restaurant 4 stars...technically I give it 3.5 but will round up. The service and ambience were outstanding..the food was very good...but by no means life changing. I knew going in how much this would cost and I never bitch about price, no one should because we all should be doing our research before going to a Three Star Michelin establishment. What gets me is how miniscule the portions are. I would understand if it was the 16 course Degustation, but I chose the 6 course. I am fine with small portions and am all about quality over quantity, but I was a little taken aback at what I got for $275 (including $35 supplement for three langoustine ravioli that are $75 a la carte). I can't help but feel I paid mainly for that limo ride they include in the price. But it really was a pleasurable meal and we were treated like royalty by a pampering staff (though towards the end of the meal..they failed to fold up my wife's napkin when she went to the restroom- isnt someone supposed to immediately scurry over and do that?) This was are celebratory dinner as we had just gotten married and it was nice, but I was expecting it to be a Top Three meal and I don't even place it in the Top Ten..and for $900..that is a disappointment in my book. I also think the menu plays it safe..nothing reads exciting. I had studied the menu in the past and drooled and some of the dishes listed, but I have come to the conclusion that summer is the worst time to dine in high end establishments. It's more fun dining next door at L' Atelier.
4	Dinner here was as much a visual treat as a gustatory treat. Everything was extremely tasty and beautiful!  There are several tasting menus to choose from. They also have a bread cart and dessert cart, and they send u home with chocolates!  It is pricey, however. Dinner for 2 was about $500, and we didn't go crazy.
5	fuck YEAH! (will expand later) :)
5	I was lucky enough to go here with my mom, friend Amy and my brother. This restaurant is amazing. I had 16 courses throughout a 4 hour dinner. Every dish was an innovation of seasonal ingredients. The bread cart had all specialty French breads. The cart was as big as a Ny hotdog vendor and had the best bread I have ever eaten. The servers were amazing and each course had a new set of silverware. There are only 10-15 tables in the dinning room, so everything is very personal. Each bite from all courses were more amazing then the next. I felt very lucky to go here.
3	3-star best pastry chef, wonderful bread, beautiful dessert. 16-course menu is flat out disappointing.  any "try to be modern" dish is a bombservice, no ratingif we had reserved thru Wynne, maybe a total different service.
5	I'm not sure where to find the words to describe the best food & dining experience of my life. This was my second 3-star Michelin restaurant (French Laundry being the 1st, which I did NOT like) -- but having watched 'Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations, Paris' episode, where Joel Robuchon was cited as the 'Chef of the Century,' and saw how much he is regarded in the culinary world, my curiosity was piqued, and my expectations were high. And my, did they exceed any expectation I could have come up with. A SIXTEEN course VEGETARIAN tasting menu -- omg. My family debated whether or not they could handle that food ... but being pregnant I a) am eating for two, and b) am not drinking, which leaves A LOT more room in your stomach for food -- so I was the first to decide that the 16 course tasting menu was the way to go. Out of all 16 dishes, I would say that only 2 were mediocre -- everything else that went into my mouth was FREAKIN AMAZING. A new burst of flavors every time. Their bread selection was incredible -- their gruyere bread, saffron bread, and one more cheese bread was to die for. After 4 hours of eating the most delectable dishes unimaginable to me ... we were showed a cart of over 40 petit fours!! We each filled ourselves mini-boxes of goodies to enjoy for the days to come. Because we had gone there to celebrate my mom's 60th birthday, we not only had the two dessert courses on the menu, but they had also made an extra birthday cake for us (ice cream cake of sorts) ... God it was good. And then they let us take home our leftover cheese which we couldn't finish, and gave us amazing lemon cakes as goody bags -- which we ate for days to come. Though it was $400/person ... I will always make it a point to eat at Joel Robuchon's whenever I visit Vegas!
5	Dined on June 25 for a special birthday. Dining in this restaurant is something every self-proclaimed foodie should do. The service was as good as it gets. An unbelievable experience. The food was as good as you would expect. I really enjoyed that the wait staff was not uptight as the atmosphere and prestige would imply. The overall experience was an exquisite and delicate machine. Ps. The cheese and bread trays fulfill my best fantasy
5	When I was asked to dine at a AAA Five Diamond, Forbes Five Star, Three Michelin Star, Wine Spectator Grand Award and Chef of the Century's restaurant, the question wasn't IF...It was WHEN!My last night in Vegas marked the unforgettable occasion and as soon as I opened those shiny glass paned double doors, I knew I was in for a treat!  As I walked across the foyer into the main dining room,  I left the hustle and bustle of the frenzied casino behind me and I was instantly transported into a luxurious 1930's style French bistro with a huge crystal chandelier cascading above me. Honestly, this place was dripping with opulence!Truth be told, I do get a bit uncomfortable in fancy schmancy restaurants.  Perhaps it's the well pressed white table cloths or the half dozen stuffy staff serving my every whim, but this place was not like that at all.  The servers were warm, friendly and present without being overbearing, which was really nice!  Add to that the elegant yet inviting atmosphere and I was feeling like a king! A hungry one at that!     As soon as we were seated and handed our nicely bound menus, I instantly knew in my mind that I wanted to try the 16 course tasting menu.  Heck, you only live once, right? Because we were in a festive mood, we decided on a bottle of bubbly and for me, a bottle of Veuve Clicquot fit the bill perfectly!Then came the famous bread cart in all its glory! Wow! It was a sight to see! There were more than a dozen breads to choose from to start the meal and i think we tried almost all of em!  Three magnificent breads, however, stood out from the pack.  Those being the buttery cheese brioche, savory bacon epi, and chewy cheese baguette.  Then, of course, came the food! Honestly, it was so beautifully plated there were times I simply felt it was a shame to eat it! But I got over that hurdle fairly quickly. Now, I don't plan on boring you with the entire 16 course blow by blow, but I will focus on the dining highlights which made the evening extra special for me!Amuse Bouche "sangria emulsion" refreshingly light citrusy blood orange cream emulsion above a chilled jam in a whimsical dry ice bowl with small chunks of apples and berry sangria gelee.  Lip smacking tartness with a delightfully smooth & creamy finish! Excellent way to awaken the palate!  Trio of Caviar Caviar with Asparagus - Although not the most interesting pairing of the evening, the flavors of the fresh green asparagus and salty caviar played well against each other. Salmon Tartare with Shiso Sprouts and Caviar - The textures were delicate and the flavors were refined.  Daikon Cous Cous with Caviar - The thin delicate slivers of cool daikon wrapped around fluffy cous cous and topped with caviar was an exhilarating finish to an interesting play on Japanese cuisine.       Lobster - Topped with fragrant black truffle, the langoustine ravioli was magnificent! The grilled lobster was simple yet beautifully presented. Subtle flavors but hey it's lobster! Sometimes a good thing shouldn't be messed with! The smooth & creamy sea urchin fennel potato puree was inspiring and texturally inviting, as well.Chestnut Soup over Foie Gras Foam - Rich frothy and flavorful with savory bacon bits. The chunks of roasted chestnuts added a subtle sweetness to this warm and rustic soup. Bone marrow - One of my personal favorites! The marrow was luscious, rich and supple in texture. It also exhibited the most irresistible aroma! The popcorn added a pleasant textural dimension to this delightful dish.Sea bass - Beautifully seared, this magnificent piece of fish came bathing in an irresistible butter sauce. The artichoke balanced the flavor profiles nicely. Birthday Cake - As the evening came to a close, the staff came out with a cart embellished with lavish decorative baubles and a small sign that read "Happy Birthday" The accompanying birthday cake was extraordinary! Perched on a large black pedestal, it was absolutely majestic but all I could think of was digging into it!  To my surprise, it was a mango meringue ice cream cake and although we couldn't take it home with us, we did indulge in two large decadent slices and it was fantastic! Bravo to the dessert chef!If that wasn't enough we were given free reign of the mignardises (dessert cart) that had a vast selection of petit fors, small cookies and yes...macarons!They boxed up the cookies and gave us an additional box of marshmallow treats to take home with a copy of the menu and a nicely bound colored brochure documenting the magical evening.I'd have to say this was by far the most amazing dining experienceof my life.  Would i do it again? Someday. But for now, I'll just revel in the fine memories of an unforgettable evening that will leave my palate in infinite bliss!Happy "Birthday" Eats, Part Deux!!
5	I simply cannot imagine the reviewers that give Joel Robuchon's restaurant in Vegas anything but five stars have any real experience with fine dining. I have eaten a wide range of Michelin starred restaurants and NOTHING compares to Joel Robuchon's brilliant cuisine. Days later, my better half and I were still discussing the foie gras appetizer and the veal cheek main course. And the bread cart... oh, the bread cart.... really, you just have to see it to believe it. It will change your life, seriously.The service was also impeccable--timely, yet never intrusive, and the sommelier went out of her way to provide us with a pile of information. Overall, this dinning experience was nothing short of masterful.
5	Our experience did not start off well. I called the restaurant the morning of our reservations (booked a month in advance) to coordinate our limo ride, but to my surprise, they could not find our reservation! Panicked, I double-checked my email confirmation and gave them my confirmation number. The reservation was definitely nowhere to be found. Thankfully, there was an opening for the same night, though the limo service was all booked up. I wouldn't normally have been bummed about it, but I read all the glowing reviews mentioning the secret Mansion, which I did not want to miss. The concierge later told me that my reservation was cancelled, but do not know why.Despite the disappointment, we ordered the 16-course meal, and enjoyed every bit of it. Food, service, and presentation were all wonderful. I couldn't help but compare to others (like French Laundry, Alinea, Benu, etc), and found the service to be slightly off. Uneven pacing between courses, awkward periods when service people would congregate near our table and chit-chat. We're nit-picking, but I do not expect that type of thing at this caliber restaurant. Our main server was quite good though, and made our meal less stuffy than it could've been. Yes, the dining room was quiet, but there was music playing and the volume of others in the dining room picked up throughout our 3 hours there. Another picky thing is that I didn't necessarily like the strange photos as part of the place-settings, accompanying a few of the dishes.I did like the bread and dessert carts. The Langostine ravioli and caviar dishes were stand-outs for me.Overall, a good experience and worthy of a 5 star review. I would not return for the $395 menu, but maybe one of the smaller meals, and hopefully be able to get a ride to the mansion next time.
5	We came here with another couple to try our first 3 star michelin restaurant.  Food was great, presentation was tremendous, but the portions were small. We actually didn't get the full tasting menu because we had to catch a Cirque du Soleil Show.  If I were to go back, I'd do the tasting menu, so I wouldn't have to go to Panda Express to fill the belly afterward.Bread platter was really tastey!
4	Good Food. But don't go hungry. It won't fill you up.
4	If this review would be just about the food, I would have awarded them 5 stars.  I am taking off a star for what I would call the bare minimum service- that at times was curt and never once had personality or showed a passion for the food at hand.  Part of the problem is we never really knew who was in charge of our table...there were a myriad of people that came and went with each course and never lingered long enough for us to recognize the face at the next course.  This also may have been because we were a table of 8 that required a set menu.  Even so, I would have expected someone to take us through the menu and explain the food as it was served.  I had to constantly ask for this and one time the server just pointed to our menu in response to a request for a description.  So I guess the moral of the story is not to go as a large group...which is defined by them as more than six.  I think you will get the full five star experience and avoid the $75 large party fee and a mandatory 20% gratuity for average service.
2	The short story:  The service was poor and the food portions were small and unimpressive.The long story:  The limo ride was nice but it was a slow decent downhill from there.  We were escorted through the entrance of the Mansion at the MGM, which was absolutely lovely, but they led us straight past the champagne and cocktails for the guests (which we were not offered) to wait for 15 minutes in an isolated side room.  One would think that since the restaurant had someone pick us up and drop us off, the need for a wait would be obviated.  A hostess then escorted us out of the Mansion into the MGM and through the casino the the entrance of the restaurant.  We were seated at a table for two across from each other such that polite conversation was not possible without some sort of public address system.  Although I couldn't speak with my dinner partner, I was close enough to the guest at the table to my left I could tell what brand of soap he used.  After asking to be seated where we could sit closer to each other, we were obliged with only a hint that the request was a nuisance.Once we perused the menu, we went on the extensive wine list.  As we were deciding what we wanted, one of the waitstaff arrived with the bread cart and began explaining the options right over my partner and I both being otherwise occupied  looking at and discussing the wine list.  She did not leave.  She did not pardon the interruption.  She just stood there talking and pointing to the bread.  There were many courses.  It was all quite interesting and appetizing in the descriptions.  When they showed up, most of them did not please the palate.  I won't go into a description of each course and my thoughts because food is very subjective and much a matter of taste, but I will say I was disappointed in all but the braised veal cheeks, they were incredible and I highly recommend them.  Even after multiple courses and many items on carts to choose from, I enjoyed a few things, but was just not impressed overall.
5	A French chef once told me "French people are born with two gifts, making love and making food. "  While I sadly cannot speak to the prior, the latter is exemplified by Joel Robuchon.The short review:  THE BEST!The long review (sorry its so long):Three Michelin stars and the AAA Five Diamond award speak for themselves.A meal at Joel Robuchon showcases the French passion for food, respect for ingredients, deftly practiced restraint, and the melding of cutting edge cooking techniques with the traditional.  The presentation is nothing short of breath taking yet everything on the plate has a purpose.  Ahhh like a beautiful yet sensible woman.While the core of each dish may be the same, portion size and the way they are dressed varies depending on what menu you order them from (a la carte, pre fixe, or degustation).  Keep this in mind when trying to follow the recommendations of another.  The current menu standout is the signature truffle langoustine ravioli.  A see through thin wrapping envelopes a core of sweet, moist , langoustine tails dressed by an incredible foam (not your typical brown butter sauce), and doused in a generous amount of shaved black truffles.  Sensuality on a plate.The current 16 course ultimate degustation menu was nothing short of perfection.  Course after course of pure artistry and intriguing flavors.  How about a salad of haricot verts (green beans) with Parmesan and foie. So simple.  So delicious as the richness of the foie and the earthiness of the parm makes the vegetal flavors of the beans explode.  Too simple, how about the langoustine ravioli described earlier with grilled spiny lobster lightly accented by a curry served aside an aspic of uni with a fennel potato puree scented with anise.  The warmth of the ravioli and puree quickly soften the aspic releasing the creamy goodness of the uni throughout the dish.  Layer after layer of flavor.  Truly orgasmic.The ambiance is contemporary European elegance.  Stunning. The price?  Prefix menus (2, 4, 6 courses); $120 - $240.  The ultimate degustation menu (16 courses) $425 in the fall of 2011. If it sounds crazy, consider there must be more chefs in the kitchen than guest in the dining room preparing your meal.The outstanding wine list focuses on France.  Good vintage depth. Fair pricing considering the cellaring, however the average bottle price is $300.  There are few worthy selections below $100.Service is perfect.  It is executed by professionals who view service as a career.  Practiced, polished,  extremely knowledgeable of menu and culinary techniques  They are experts at making you feel like a welcome guest.  No stuffiness. Finally, remember there are things even your casino host cannot do:  provide illicit drugs, arrange "companionship" for the evening, and get a same day reservation at Joel Robuchon.  Make you reservations well in advance.Ahhh, the French really do have it right.
5	Not sure what else I can add, but I will say that Joel Robuchon was one of my top two dining experiences of the year (along with Momofuku Ko). The two are very different: Joel Robuchon is like the platonic ideal of French style fine dining. Everything that other Michelin star French places do, they do bigger and better. For example, many restaurants have great bread. Most Michelin starred restaurants will even offer a selection of bread. I have a weakness for carbs that makes me hate myself in the morning, so I've had embarrassing amounts of tasty bread from Bouchon, Jean George and the like. Most of these places will even offer a nice selection of bread, perhaps on a tray. At Joel Robuchon, they wheel a cart the size of a motorcycle over, full of bread. It literally looks like something that would be served to a king in a Disney movie. The same thing happens after dinner with their "mignardes cart," which is the same thing but... covered in mostly chocolate dessert items. Of course, the food was amazing and also very consistent. One would hope that when paying upwards of $500 for two this would be a given, but even places like Jean George or Manresa had courses that just didn't work for me. Not so at Joel Robuchon, where everything was fantastic. Then, at the end of the night, they send you home with a loaf of fresh baked lemon bread, which was a tasty breakfast the next day. It's been a pretty good year for me, and I've been lucky enough to dine at a number of fantastic restaurants, but in terms of pure, decadent, gluttonous fine dining experience, Joel Robuchon stands above the rest.
4	Very good, but I was not blown away.  I will admit that the quality and presentation were uniformly high, and the mashed potato was memorable in that it was more like whipped - must have been the smoothest I have ever tasted.  It made sense that some diners were from France, and I give it a solid 4.5 stars.
5	Perfect is the only way to describe this. I had a fairytale experience! To start off, we got picked up at the mandarin oriental hotel in a golden limo! Wow! We got dropped off at the "secret back entrance", escorted to the restaurant through a corridor of flowers and a water fountain. Once we were seated and eating, I can't even describe the flavors I tasted. Just out of this world incredible. That's all I can say.***Caution: spoiler!***The desert cart and take-home candies are the best thing I have ever seen. I'm in love with this place. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
5	Went here with my wife on her 30th birthday.  Everything is perfect, from the food to service to the wine selection.   We both have a six course meals, every single course you experience a different wow factor.  My wife and I don't drink a lot but with the wine they recommend we able to finish a bottle and a half.  My wife never finish her meal this restaurant is the only place that she ate everything.  It' s not good for my pocket...  :(
4	The hottie and I went to Vegas and we've been wanting to try Joel Robouchon for a long time.  We got the limo service which is a must because they take you through the mansion which are the villas the high rollers stay in.  We got the 4 course meal which is $190 per person.  With drinks, tax, and tip, it comes out to about $250 per person.  So was the food worth it..... No.  But the food combined with the great service and overall experience.... I gotta say Yes.  Before your meal you get the bread cart which has all different kinds of bread depending on your taste.  After your meal you can ask for the tea cart.  They  have all kinds of green, black, and herbal teas to choose from.  Then the coup de grace is the mini dessert cart which will pretty much blow you away if you are not already.  The food was excellent, there is no doubt.  But it is my opinion that this joint is more about the experience than the actual meal.
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!My husband and I both ordered the full tasting menu with one wine pairing.The dishes were very original and the presentation of each dish was extraordinary!Everything was beyond our expectation!Bravo!
5	This was my first truly fine dining experience.  I've been to a few nice steak houses and some well known places in Beverly Hills, but no Michelin rated restaurants.  My Coworkers and I are blue collar guys who had planned a trip to Vegas to have a little fun.  We also like a good barbecue and to cook at the plant.  One day we got to talking about fine dining, one thing lead to another and we decided we had to find a truly great place to eat.  I knew about the Michelin star rating system so I looked up the best rated restaurants in Las Vegas.  This was the only 3 star rated place there.     I was seriously impressed by this place. The limousine picked us up on time.  They took us through the High Roller area of the MGM called the Mansion. The hostess, a quite stunning looking woman escorted us through to the restaurant and seated us. The wait staff were quite polite, never oppressive.  The explained every course as it came out.  When we had questions they were quick and polite with the answers.  One of my coworkers forgot his glasses. We asked if they happened to have any reading glasses and the brought out a VARIETY OF READING GLASSES ON A SILVER PLATTER!     The food:  One of my coworkers and I went for the big menu, The 16 course splurge. My other coworkers went for the 4 course and 6 course menus.  I'll admit this right now. I don't like Asparagus, Mushrooms, Caviar or sushi. All of which were included in the 16 course menu. There were also many different foods that I had never tried before.  However now that I've had them properly prepared I can see why people eat them.  I won't take you through every course, but from the first taste I was blown away! Foie Gras is incredible. The Caviar course was very tasty.  The only thing I truly did not care for was the sea urchin.  Just go in with an open mind and you will not be disappointed. As mentioned in every previous post the bread cart is incredible.  The butter, some of the best I've ever tasted.  Then there is the cheese cart.  It's not included in the regular menu's but trust me and go for it! Try the stinky cheese int the bowl. It's very intense and delicious.  I'm a 300lbs guy and I was completely stuffed by the end of my 16 course meal. I couldn't even look at the dessert cart, but that's okay my dinner included 2 desserts both of which were delicious.     I cannot recommend this place enough.  I am so glad we went here.  Yes it costs a small fortune and no I won't be able to afford eating here more than once every year or two but believe me this will not be my last fine dining experience.
5	Having been to the following Michelin star restaurants:   Benu, Ai Mercanti (Venice), La Pergola (Rome), Melisse, Baume, Aziza, Mina, Boulevard,  the Dining Room at the Ritz, Fleur de Lys, Spruce, Gary Danko, and Gordon Ramsay Hospital Road (London), I unequivocally believe that Joel Robuchon deserves its 3-stars.  We did the 12 course menu with wine pairings.  The caviar was our favorite course.
2	My analysis of the myriad of glowing five star reviews:A.) This place is the default "most expensive food in Vegas" so I think it attracts people who aren't accomplished in much other then spending cash.B.) When you drop 500-1200 a person on dinner it is really hard to admit that the food and experience is less the five stars.I have enjoyed opportunities to dine at some really swanky places with prices that do command a healthy cash flow.  Joel Robuchon was by far the most overrated, unimpressive, and exorbitantly expensive meal I have ever indulged.  I guarantee if you are dropping the cash on this experience your are likely not staying at the MGM where the restaurant is located.  The MGM Grand?  Come on folks....  The place is like a goddamn amusement park and holds ranks and class with the likes of the fabulous Luxor and New York New York.  So they pick you up at your far more modern and luxurious hotel in a funky ass, old, skankafied beige limo that says "MGM Grand on the side."  Right on!  Like everyone gushes, you are rolled up to some ally entrance in the back of the hotel and are ushered in to an impressive hotel that you will NOT be staying at anytime soon.  Personally, if I was dropping 5K a night to stay at this private hotel, I would be pissed off that they shuttle some two bit strip dwellers through my private space so they can ooh and ahh while strutting through.  The whole entrance thing is complete theater, at the end of your tour you are dumped out into the reality of the MGM's casino floor area.  The hotel is old, and dumpy.  The restaurant design is classic stuffy french with a large helping of schizophrenic circus flare.  Don't be put off if the hostess, captain, and most all the wait staff put on a strange stuffiness that is not warm, nor is it directly dismissive.  It is the perfect balance of cocky that makes most general, submissive diners feel they have been blessed with the opportunity to dine.  The bread cart is a complete exhibition and a method to fill patrons up on inexpensive bread.  You won't find warm, fresh bread.  Just a bunch of gimmicky ass, stale, cold pieces of herb, cheese, and bacon bread.I ordered the full tasting menu.  In asking my options with the Sommelier, I was offered the option of three tasting costs.  Never have I been offered the option to choose my wine pairing based on cost levels.  To top it off, the price levels were some bullshit like $299, $599, or $999.  Let's just say, 300, 600, or 1000 for christ sake.I went with the most "modestly priced" wine pairing and I was blown away with the swill they poured me. The food was interesting, it was prepared well, some items were delicious however most of the 16 were just uninspired combinations of expensive ingredients.  An example was a piece of cold asparagus, cut down the middle stuffed with beluga..  Yay!  Most dishes that should have come out hot or at least warm, came out cold.  Pretty, but cold. Dessert was ridiculously long winded, as they felt the need to review two dozen little candies on yet another cart.  My share was $900.00 and I left with a huge chip on my shoulder.  Never again.
5	Wow! What can I say but wow! My husband and I celebrated our 1-year wedding anniversary by having dinner here. The food was delicious and very pricey for two normal people like ourselves.I ordered the rib eye steak with bell peppers and spinach in a wasabi sauce and dark chocolate souffle for dessert. My husband ordered the lobster dish with some stuffed seafood items. These aren't your regular portions, they are smaller but very filling. They offer a great selection of breads and after dinner chocolates. They also gave us the most decadent, buttery, creamy mashed potatoes I have ever had!The staff was nice enough but a bit stiff. Our waiter was really friendly and made me feel more welcome. Thanks! Watching the staff was like watching a choreographed dance. They even took our coats and scarves! At the end of the night we were given a bag with chocolate and a mini book with pictures of the restaurant. Overall the food was delicious and we enjoyed ourselves but at about $500 for 2 people I'm afraid we can't afford to come back. If we win the lottery we'll be back :)
5	Robuchon....what else is there really left to say.  Perfection.The restaurant is as good as it is in any other city.  I make this compasion to the Robuchon in Macau!  The bread cart makes you want to keep asking for more the caviar dish is sublime, the tasting menu does get a bit over the top.  I like to describe the menu like waves of cuisine crashing into your soul relelntlessly battering you into submission to remember each and every wave of divine french cuisine.  I only regret going there on the first day of a 5 day trip but making the reservation for 8 pm (EST was 11pm), by the time we finished the meal it was around 11pm.   It was a little late for us and had to order some espresso to finish the entire tasting.  Once again pricey but for the experience you should try this once, hell maybe even twice.  I would also suggest L'atelier because it is also a show but again worth every penny!  Cheer and happy eats!P.S.  if you have a reservation and are not staying at the MGM...THEY( Robuchon) will send a limo for you there and back....DEFINITELY a nice touch for Vegas this is  must!
5	10 Things you should know about dining at Joel Robuchon:1) You will not be disappointed, except by the price which might make you cry.2) They send a free limo to pick you up and drop you off at the restaurant from wherever you're staying.3) Prepare yourself for at least a three hour meal. It's an experience afterall.4) They will ask if you want champagne when you sit down. Each glass is $35-$45. Water is $10/bottle for Evian.5) 16 Course Tasting Menu is $495/person without wine pairings - this is not listed on the website. Wine pairings go up to $999/person.6) Bread Cart - AMAZING. There are dozens of types of breads. The cheese breads and the milk bread was my favorite. They carve your butter from a magnificent butter mountain.7) What can I say about the food other than it was perfect. This is definitely a meal you will remember for the rest of your life. Every presentation, every flavor, every bite was absolute perfection. It was interesting and complex, unlike anything I've ever eaten before. You just have to try it. I recommend the Riz, a rice pilaf with sea urchin and lobster. It was my favorite course of the night.Every main course dish also comes with Robuchon's famous whipped potatoes. SO CREAMY!8) Mignardises is the sweets cart they offer at the end, full of chocolates and pastries. My favorites were the creme brulee and the cream puffs. 9) They give you a little present (if you're a girl) before you leave of chocolate and a booklet on the dining experience.10) If you're there for a special occasion, there is complementary cake (or gateau *pinky up*)PS Don't forget to ask them for their finest glass of Keystone Light
5	Ahhhh-mazing this place is! Or, well...that's an understatement...Robuchon is beyond amazing from taste, to presentation, to staff, to atmosphere, etc. etc. This place deserves more than 5 stars on yelp for sure.Be prepared for an awesome experience while you dine here as you spoil your tastebuds for approximately three hours. Also, make sure you come hungry and be aware that money shouldn't be an issue when you dine here as you will definitely rack up a bill!It is quite difficult to say what my favorite part of the meal was. Everything was superb and extraordinary. The selection of breads, cheeses and candied desserts were mindblowing! I wanted to try them all...My friend and I enjoyed our meal in their psedo-garden which was quite nice and didn't come off cheesy looking. There, I loved the black cod dish that I ordered--you can taste the layers of flavor in this dish. My friend went with the lobster and veal dish. They were also so very good.The things that I didn't really care to spend money on or would care less if they served this to me was the soup and the dessert. I also wasn't a big fan of their creme brulee as it tasted somewhat bland and the consistency was not to my liking. Oh and I liked the fact that my friend and I weren't treated like we didn't have the money to spend, since we were probably the youngest ones in the restaurant during our time there. Lastly, I want to say I came in very excited and full of energy and left feeling so tired and exhausted from such a lovely treat. And how nice of them to provide a nice chocolate treat along with a visual booklet of the restaurant at the end of the meal. I can't wait 'til I come in again!
4	The end of the meal....Chocolate Souffle.  The presentation was edgy - say Mad Hatter Tea Party meets Spruce.  The server put a scoop of, my preference, chocolate sorbet in the middle of my souffle.  It was wonderful!  Then they came around with the complimentary dessert cart...all homemade chocolates, including marzipan filled truffles.  The only other time in my life that a restaurant has made me feel as if I was in someone's living room was in Stellenbosch South Africa....this was the 2nd.
5	It was the lifetime dinning.  The atmosphere, interior, service were just exceptionally amazing. We picked the 11th courses dinning, that consider to be the most signature pre-fix menu (9 courses and 2 deserts $495 per person). The presentation and the flavor a were killing the same as sommelier assistance. I never had eaten so many delicacy at the same time like foie gras, shaved and crispy black truffles, black caviar, truffled langoustine ravioli, lobster in green curry, chestnut cream, gold leaf, etc... The price was reasonable in evaluation of the Joel Robuchon brand, food, service, venue and experience.  I'd say that this restaurant  number 2 after Le Luis XV , Monte Carlo,  Monaco, and number one before Le Jules Verne , Paris, France. However there are other option for the dinning, with 7 courses -$295,5 courses - $195-175,2 courses- $150-125 pre-fix menus per person. The dinning approximately takes from 2.5 to 3.5 hours.
4	Well this was an experience!  We arrived by limo and went through the back way. If you are early you can do pictures at that point or at the end.We were seated in the "garden" which was nice for privacy but not as much action. Ask when you make reservations to sit where you want.We elected for the "four course" $195 - which included amuse bouche, appetizer, soup, main course, and dessert. We also had bread, dessert cart, birthday cake options. We ordered one half bottle of wine for $30. Water was free (flat) .I thought the amuse bouche was 5* (a sangria type soup dish), the appetizer 5* (I had a citrus artichoke and lobster salad), the soup 4*, the main dish 3.5* (I had Langouste prepared a few ways - it tasted a bit overcooked and the description given to me was unclear), the dessert 3.5-4* (my husband liked his better than I liked mine - he had banana chocolate and I had orange cake), the cake 5* (a nice treat and a yummy birthday cake slice), the dessert cart 4* (a ton of selections - I wish I'd been able to try more!) and the bread cart 5* (best I've ever seen for selection and great flavor range - we had them give us three servings from the cart with multiple selections each time).I'm glad we went and I'm glad I can cross a place like this off my bucket list - but I probably wouldn't return on my own dime and even someone else's, I might suggest somewhere else.  It is a very special meal, but it is very French and it does cater more toward older clientele.
5	Amazing place, there is nothing I can say that hasn't already been said.
5	OMG, I didn't know they had limo service..I didn't know so didn't get offered for it. :(NEXT TIME for the 16 course. This time we had the 5 course (could of done 6), and omg, what can I say? It was good. The first small bite was interesting, it was umm 3/5 stars. The salad with lobster was delicious along with the soup. I think the fish was tender and the bread selection? DANG!I love the bread cart and the dessert cart. They were listing out all the bread and dessert, I couldn't even remember what he said. It's so nice and elegant inside and they even have a small stool thing for your purse. The decor was purple and was just plain nice. The price is yes, expensive, but it's a nice experience.I would come back to do the 16 course, the neighbor did it and they were taking their time. I do think I like eating at Cirque a bit more, but this was a life time experience everyone gota try!
5	I have never spent that much money on food before! Joel Robuchon is amazing! Every dish was so pretty and tasty at the same time. It's definitely worth trying out. They have a bread cart and a dessert cart with endless choices. Im running out of things to say here. It's one of those experiences that words can't describe!
5	I decided to have an early Valentine Day's dinner by going here.  Better going now than during the weekend of VD.I usually have a big stomach for food.  And I was hesitant on going for a four-course meal, knowing that I would want to eat more.  By the end of the night though, I made the correct decision on going for four, since I was nearly full.I went with an amuse-bouche full of berries, which was fantastic.  The appetizer consisted of a chestnut soup with bacon foam.  I'm not a chestnut person at all, but I enjoyed it; probably because of the foam  The main course consisted of the veal cheeks over the bouillon with couscous.  I expected this dish to have a bland taste, but the amount of bouillon worked really well.  The components of the main course came together, that Robuchon himself along with the executive chef Claude should be commended with a great meal. I feel nearly embarrassed to pull out my camera and take pictures just because it would look too obnoxious in front of the service.  And speaking of the service, it was top f'n notch.  Even when my glass was a quarter empty, they would be there to refill it almost immediately.  And they were just lovely when rolling around the bread cart as well as the dessert cart.  Just awesome, so awesome.Being at Robuchon is definitely an experience that I will never forget.  Thank you so much!edit:  I didn't know there was complimentary limo service.  Had I known.... :(
5	#500My wife and I celebrated our 4th wedding anniversary here.  What a dining experience it was!  The complimentary gold MGM limo picking us up right in front of our place was sweet.  You must do this!  We were met by a beautiful hostess straight out of a James Bond film as we rolled up to the Mansion.  An amazing place to check out.  I guess this is what playing $25k a hand in blackjack gets you.  We had all intentions of getting the 16 course dinner but realized there was no chance whatsoever of my very petite sized wife having even a hail mary's shot at finishing.  She might've reached course 10 at best.  No problem!  Let's just fill up on champagne and do four courses.There are so many extremely detailed reviews for this restaurant.  Read all of them!  I'm only going to do notes and observations:- Is it possible to be too fancy?  This comes close. I love fine dining as much as the next fat Asian with glasses but the word "stuffy" came to mind.  Maybe my suit was too tight.  - The man, the myth, the legend was there.  Right before our appetizers (ah-hem! Une Entree) came out I heard a "Bon Soir!" from behind me and there he was in the flesh!  Joel Robuchon!!  He shook our hands.  Joel stops by the restaurant 4 times a year according to the staff and he said we were lucky to see him.  I should've asked Mr. Robuchon to sign one of the rolls from the ridiculously amazing bread cart.- The lobster salad with fruit was orgasmic.  - Whoever invented foie gras should go down in history as one of the greatest people ever.- Veal cheek kind of tasted like if a chicken thigh had sex with filet mignon.  I savored every little bite.  I believe the neighboring table shot me a look after I said this out loud to my wife.  Whatever.  More champagne please!!- They served us an extra dessert to celebrate the occasion.  It was the white and yellow meringue fruit pie cake I took a picture of.  I forgot what they said it was called. Blame it on the ah ah-ah-ah-ah ah-alcohol.  Tremendous stuff!  We ordered 2 more dessert dishes and THEN the dessert cart came out.  Wow!!3 hours later we were stuffed and ready for the limo to take us back.  A fantastic gourmet experience I would recommend to anyone.
3	This is more like a 3.6 than a 3, but not quite a 4I have waited FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOREVER to come here. Every time I'm in Vegas, I pass by and give the pillar at the entrance a hug. Needless to say, when the opportunity arose, I took it. Joel Robuchon + Free? It doesn't get any better than this.. or so I thought. I wanted so badly to LOOOOOOOOVE the place because I was dying to come here. I enjoyed the experience and the presentation of the plates were impressive, but the food was just mediocre. For the price my boss paid for our meal, i expected it to blow my mind, sadly... it did not.We ordered the $385 16 course prixe fix menu when they brought out the first dish I was thinking "that's it!?" but by the end of the course, I wanted to be rolled out the restaurant.  Not quite the place to bring out your camera to take pictures of the food, but I did anyways. (Most of the courses are posted)Once your first course comes out, the wonderful bread cart comes out. You pick and choose from the wide selection of bread they have. [possibly another reason i was full from the meal] Don't say I didnt warn you, but when your first course comes out, you will probably think.. "that's it?!", but trust me, by the end of your 16 courses, you will want to get rolled out of the restaurant. At the end of the course,even after the desserts, the ladies get a bag that has  little box of desserts in it. Guess Mr. Roubuchon loves the ladies. Food - 3 StarsService -  4 StarsPresentation - 4 StarsOverall, best part of the night was the dessert cart and the bread cart but I could care less if i went back there.
4	I waited too long to write this review so I'm kinda fuzzy on the contents of the dishes but I just wanted to remind my fellow yelper to make sure use their limousine service. All you have to do is call the restaurant ahead of time and request a limo to pick you up. It was free and all I did was tip the driver. They will drive through the private entrance behind the MGM grand where the villas are located. We didn't see any celebs but I hear its common occurrence. There the host greeted us and led us through the mansion to the restaurant. The whole experience was very VIP and definitely got me brownie points from my date. Oh and of course the food was incredible but that's already been discussed gazillion times.
5	Overall, an excellent experience. The staff was wonderful, just be prepared for a dirty look from whoevers running the kitchen if you leave the table during service ;-) the food was wonderful, even the shorter menu will leave you stuffed, try everything!
5	Amazing!All I can say is that this is a fantastic restaurant. The beautiful purple dining room is so welcoming and comfortable, the waiters and hostesses are so attentive, the service is better than I could imagine, the cocktails are simple, supertasty and refreshing and of course the food is great! The bread trolley with the butter from Brittany was a wonderful way to start the meal. Followed by a beautiful amouse bouche and a couple of courses that were just lovely. I had the meringue dessert and loved it. But it didn't stop there, after the meal we were offered to take our pick from a trolley full of little chocolates and small pieces of confectionery and it couldn't have been a better end to a wonderful evening. This restaurant is worth every cent. Eating at Joel Robuchon is a once in a life time experience, which I hope I will be lucky enough to get twice in my life, or more. Amazing!
5	It was an unbelievable experienceIt is the only Michelin 3 star hotel in Las Vega and by extension the best restaurant in Vegas - supposed to be ;)But they really do treat u like Royalty!The Restaurant is very tastefully opulent and they feed u so much food!They had these choices - so we picked almost the cheapest for $200 eachand then u add the wine and service etc..So we went for the fixed price Appetizer and main course menuBut they served us so much extra stuff - started with a fancy Amuse Bouche then a Bread cart with like 50 different varieties of bread and then they surprised us with a candle lit Anniversary Cake. But wait there's more - they bought this huge cart of the most delicious truffles and mini desserts!Really memorable experience!
5	The Intro:  The chef of the century. The only Michelin 3 starred restaurant in Vegas. 'Nough said.The Food: From the very beginning I was showered with flavors I have never enjoyed in my mouth. Even before that the bread cart was a sight to behold. I must of tried almost every kind of bread on that cart before I even started on my first course. The meal itself I can only describe as a party in my mouth. Not the kind of party with loud music and friends but the kind of party with a 2 hot girls alone in the bedroom if you know what I mean. My favorite was the caviar over dungeness crab and shaved foie gras salad. Everything was spectacular from start to finish. The meal ended with a dessert cart that had as many selections as did the bread cart. It was amazing..The Decor: The outside looks like a upscale couture store like Versace and the inside looks like a art gallery or museum. Very very classy and elegant.The Service: One of best services in the industry. Very classy and comfortable. My wife was pregnant at the time and they were very accommodating. We also left with a souvenir booklet and a pound cake.The Summary:  As Robuchon restaurants go, this was the one of best fine dining experiences I've had anywhere. I recommend this place highly only if you won a lot of money in Vegas. Lol
5	i've had awesome meals in other michellin restaurants.. and this one tops one of my favorite restaurants (alinea).. my fiancee and i ate here and this was the best meal we have ever shared..  we also got the free "limo" (actually an escalade) to pick us up and from our hotel to take us to the restaurant .. we entered through the VIP entrance and got a quick little tour before being escorted to our restaurant by our lovely host.. service was absolutely perfect from the beginning to end.. the food is impeccable.. and the ingredients are absolutely top notch.. we had the 16 course degustation menu.. and we were both stuffed beyond belief.. the bread cart was awesome.. since we got there a little early than other tables.. they toasted our bread for us.. everything from the amuse bouche to dessert flowed seamlessly.. although we were full.. the dessert cart they brought out in the end was over the top enticing... and of course.. we both filled our plates full of the sweets.. if you don't mind dropping some serious cash for exquisite food.. than you must come here if you're in town..
3	Went here on Christmas eve for a special celebration. Like most, I was excited to go to first 3 Michelin star restaurant. Was expected to be blown away by food and service and ambience. So not the case.FoodEverything was good but not great. Many of the delicious were mono-texture. Soft soft and more soft. No crunch no texture. Perhaps, I ordered the wrong dish but how many types of gelee and you put in your dish?Food temperature was good but not great. Famous Robuchon potatoes are delicious. Perfectly smooth and creamy. I think it should be called Robuchon butter served with a hint of potato.Bread and desert cart were awesome! What does that tell you when I remember the bread cart more than the meal. I could probably just eat the bread cart all night. You pick and choose your bread and then it is returned perfectly warm to mealt the smooth butter. But when you ask for seconds it comes back cold? Ok why heat the first batch and then just give me the second batch right off the cart? Which leads me to the next category....ServiceMichelin star rating is based on food and service they go hand in hand right? Wrong. We were seated, I went to the restroom. When I returned the host had dropped off the menu to the only guest at the table and left. No intro no explanation no welcome. Nada!The tablecloth had a big stain. Yes, a nasty chocolate like dish had smeared into the top fishnet pattern cloth so there was pieces of a meal embedded in the intersticies. Wow someone wasn't paying attention.I should have asked for the special limo and come in via the Mansion but were running late and had to get to a show. TipsWhen the waiter asks you for water expect to pay $10-20 a pop on the bill.Don't bother asking for the a la carte menu unless you want to pay $200 for an entree dish. You get a delicious piece of dark chocolate to go home with. My wife has gone to Per se (3 Michelin) and I have been to Coi (2 Michelin) and countless 1 Michelin star restaurants (Michael Mina, Gary Danko, Village Pub, Quince) and Robuchon is at the bottom of the list in terms of food, service and value. Next stop... the French Laundry.
4	The second time to be honest was not as great as the first time but still better than most. The best dish was the caviar over dungeness crab. Other dishes were good but not as great as the first time around. Will not be dining here anymore because of the price unless I hear them improve.
4	This was my third visit, and my most expensive dinner of the trip.  While I enjoyed dinner at Robuchon, I wasn't as "blown away" as I was last year.  I had the 6 course dinner and two of the courses had $60 supplementary charges.  Still adore the bread cart (no restaurant has a better one).  Service was excellent.  Three of my six courses underwhelmed me.  The lobster, uni and fried rice that I swooned over last year had lobster that was somewhat overdone (dry); it was very flavorful though.  The beef that was supposed to be similar to wagyu, although served med-rare was not able to be cut with the butter knife provided.  After too many efforts, I finally asked for a steak knife which didn't help too much since there was too much gristle in the beef.  Shame since what pieces of beef that I could eat had nice flavor.  The pommes puree were their usual perfection!  Loved the egg and caviar in the potato nest.  The veal broth with veal ravioli, champignons and black truffle was very nice.  The cheese course didn't have enough soft cow's milk cheeses (they had plenty last year though).  The dessert was excellent:  meringue sphere with apple sorbet and apple cubes.  While not as magnificent as the Sphere du Sucre from last year, it was lovely.  The bon-bon trolley always delights (although I was getting full).  Love having the gold limo pick me up at the hotel and return me back to the hotel.
5	The mansion fantastic. The grand entrance and picked up via the gold mgm limo. truly in awe the whole time.  the food the food the food.  foie soup, goldflaked curdled egg appetizer, dover sole, the maine lobster, bison, lamb, and the cheese and bread cart stood out. the degustation menu, fantastic. the meal fantastic. i can die now and be happy. Imma match the 16 degustation entree's with 16/16 judochops..well done 3 star michelin.  Dinner for two plus wine pair and bubbly and tip = under 1k. Next stop Jiro in japan. hiyaaa!
5	This was a wonderful experience from start to finish and now as I look back.  Beautiful!!
5	Best food I have ever had, I thought I was having an out of body experience! I never have had an opportunity to have a truly gourmet meal like this but I got to go for free. If you are paying I think it is worth the ~$400 for a once in a lifetime experience. The bread cart is beyond description.
5	It has been too long since I went (Valentine's Day) to write a proper review and account for everything, so right now I can only talk about what I still remember: the highlights.  The bread cart is awe-inspiring.  There were four types of brioche alone, as well as every other type of bread you could dream of.  The brioche, by the way, melts in your mouth, morsel by morsel.  Our appetizer/amuse bouche was a citrus flan/sangria flavored concoction, which emitted its own dry-ice fog, as if it were a present from a forest nymph.  I had the lobster and artichoke salad, which was tender and light, the chesnut soup with foie gras and bacon froth, which is just as it sounds (clean, deep with flavor and amazing), and then the spiny lobster with yuka root in green curry.  The only issue I had was that the spiny lobster in curry was a little salty.  For dessert, I ordered the chocolate souffle because that is my favorite thing in the whole world, and the only place besides Les Souffles in Paris that can make a good one in the States is Gary Danko.  By this point, we were way too full to possibly enjoy the souffle, and they even went so far as to roll around the dessert cart with 50 some desserts on it, so we first sampled those (they're all good), and then they gave us sorbets because the souffle was taking a long time.  I felt like I was having a heart attack trying to spoon the rich chocolate souffle with gooey chocolate liquid inside into my mouth.  It's delicious, don't get me wrong, but I don't recommend getting any dessert; the cart is plenty.  The service was just impeccable, I couldn't help but clap or laugh whenever they brought out a new thing, it was magical, romantical!  Best restaurant I've been to in America, even better than French Laundry, dare I say it?  It was the bread cart. :*)
5	An amazing experience.  Paris in the United States.The bread cart, butter and muse buche were terrific!Crispy poached egg with Osetra caviar - mind blowing.
5	Went there for my anniversary.  I never thought I would ever say "$1,200 for two people was a great deal".  My wife and I both had the Sixteen Course Degustation Menu and found them both incredible.  Each course was better then the previous.  The bread is spectacular as just about everything else.The staff was well educated regarding the products as well and the wines.Looking forward to saving up to go again.
5	If you are looking for something special, this is definitely it.  I went for my birthday with my sister. We wore our classy, cocktail dresses so our attire was perfect.  The meals were light, french and very tasteful.  I absolutely loved the bread and dessert cart.  For females, I would recommend the 2 selection course since you can have a few servings of bread and mini desserts at the end.   I would go back.  I would not recommend parties greater than 4.  I highly recommend just a party of 2.
5	i was thoroughly impressed after sampling 16 course degustation tasting menu at JR, every dish is exquisite and unique,as if JR has orchestrated a series of surprises awaits to impress his patrons. the desserts and les mignardises propel this opulently decadent dining experience into a state of ecstasy, i always feel that the desserts in "most" of the U.S restaurants are the weakest link, JR has stay true and exemplify the french pastry tradition by presenting its desserts with both visually stunning as well as flavorful to leave an indelible ending for this stellar dining experience,  the elegantly decorated interior of the restaurant adds a dose of parisian element to the surrounding  this is definitely the most unforgettable fine dining experience i had so far, chef joel robuchon truly deserves his 3 michelin stars and i hope i will return to experience this sumptuous culinary journey while stopping by vegas in the future
5	My wife and I celebrated her 30th birthday at Joel Robuchon.  AMAZING RESTAURANT!!!  For a price tag of over $400 a person for the degustation, it takes a lot to not have any buyers remorse.  Everything here was just perfect.  Service, decor, food...all outstanding.  The second you step inside, you completely forget you are in the MGM Grand, it's a beautiful restraurant.  It reminds me of Daniel in NYC.  Very small and intimate, it probably only seats around 40 people.Service was spot on.  Everyone was friendly and extremely attentive without hovering.  Anything you needed was not a problem.The food was the best thing!  I have heard of Joel Robuchon for years, but never had been to any of his establishments.  His food rates up there with Thomas Keller, Jean-Georges, and Daniel Boulud.  Whimsical and amazingly presented, wonderfully creative plates, perfect wine pairings.  Everything far surpassed our expectations.  Plus the amazing birthday cake, with the joke candle that wouldn't blow out was really a unexpected and fun surprise.One of our favorite dining experiences.  If you can foot the bill, treat yourself to a dinner here.  We will be returning anytime we are in Las Vegas.
5	This was The Ultimate Experience! Totally worth the splurge.I made the reservation as soon as I found out I was going to Vegas. The week of my reservation, I called and made reservations for the gold limo. This was complimentary to and from the dinner! It was right on time and picked my best friend and I up in front of our hotel. It drove into the back of the MGM Grand into the Mansions Courtyard. This is slightly behind the strip and the large water fountain drowned out the noise of the strip. The driver was very gracious and helped take pictures for us from multiple frames. We were ushered into the secluded Mansions and it was beautiful. It was quiet and very tastefully decorated. Not over the top like most of the hotels. We were met by 2 hostesses who walked us through the Mansions and the corridors, past the private tables and into the casino. They were very polite and answered all our inquisitive questions about the Mansins and the high rollers that come through there.The restaurant is very artfully decorated. It was quiet inside and very comfortable setting. Not at all intimidating.After we were seated, a server immediately came and offered drinks. We each had a glass of champagne. My bf and I are not big drinkers so we were fine with a glass each.thank goodness! The champagne was $45 a glass! A little pricey!We each chose the 6 course tasting. This was way too much food. We should have chosen the 4 instead. We were dying by the end of the 4th course. The food was so rich.The amuse bouche was delicious. The bread cart was what I had been waiting a few weeks for. It did not dissapoint! The hand-crafted butter from France and the olive oil were so good! I ate way too much bread and butter and olive oil.All the dishes were wonderful but the folie gras dishes were the best I've ever tasted. Definitely get all the folie gras on the menu! But keep in mind when you are considering how many courses to taste that the food is very rich. By the time we had our 2nd entree, we were so full that we couldn't appreciate the velvety rich creamy mashed potatoes.The cheeses were great too but I was too full to really appreciate them. I didn't think I was going to have room for my dessert but it was so delicious that I managed to wolf it all down. The candy cart I could've taken it all home! It was definitely worth the splurge. From the individually hand painted plates (done by the chefs who made each dish) to the to-die for food, it was an experience I will not soon forget. The take home chocolate bar is so good that I want more soon!
5	Chic decor.  Expensive but worth the price.  The service, decor, food taste and presentation all add up.
3	Went here with my co-worker didn't really do much research cause another co-worker has recommended it. Thinking that he know how much a cook get paid he would recommend something way off the price line, but holy mother of god. i wish the waiter would actually explain to us that this is a prefix menu no matter what you order. and the fact that water was offer but didn't give the option of tap water..if i knew i would  just stick to wine. $10 for water? really? I had the currie lobster which was two 2 oz piece of lobster plus a 1 oz stuff squid. oh yeah and  the size of half my pinky potato.. which didn't taste like currie at all. food was not hot enough. the dessert was pretty good.. thank god i fill up on bread if not i would have to stop by a taco stand or micky d's. So for the size of a tapas and a desserts your looking at $127 plus $10 water plus $30 for tax plus tips=180 per person..if you don't sh*t out money, its not worth the experience.
5	Whatever positive things can possibly be said about Joel Robuchon have been said! We made reservations right after booking the Vegas vacay. After searching for the fanciest restaurant in the city and reading many reviews this was the result! We had the 16 course Degustation. Yes very very expensive but an experience worth having and repeating. :) We didn't do the limo to the restaurant thing because we were staying at the Signature on the MGM property. Instead they gave us a deal on tickets and champagne at the restaurant. :) I suggest making reservations after 7p or 8p. Our reservations were early because of the show that night and the atmosphere was more lively towards the second half of the really long dinner. The little courtyard outside (still actually indoors) looked cozy and intimate. When we sat down the hostess placed a tiny stool on my left for my purse LOL!
4	Hm... This was a very good experience.  The thing I appreciate about Joel Robuchon is that they are able to turn foods that I normally don't like and make it taste good.  I'm also very surprised by flavor combinations that I experienced here.  The service was great, as I would expect.  Everything was done well.  That being said,  I don't think it was worth the price.  I know!  How can I say that?  Because I've had other tasting menus or price fixe menus that I thought was equally enjoyable and a lot less in cost.  However,  I am still glad I experienced it.  But will think twice about returning.
5	This had to have been the best dining experience I have ever had!  BY FAR!So delicious and worth every penny and every calorie!!  I can't think of one bad thing to say about this place.  Oh wait, the amuse bouche.  A cherry tomato gazpacho, I believe.  Not that great and I do like tomatoes but I guess I was expecting something a bit more spectacular.  Other than that, everything was amazing!  The whole experience was fantastic!  And we got to sit in the smaller room with a huge wall of ivy, which was cool.Ordered the 4 course dinner:La Langoustine - truffle langoustine ravioliSo full of flavor!Le Daikon - daikon mousseline with foie gras and morelsIt had foie gras in it!  Need I say more?Le Canard - Roasted duck & seared foie gras with cherries and kumquat compoteFoie gras AND duck together!!  This dish was like heaven!Le Souffle - Dark chocolate hot souffleThis was the lightest, fluffiest souffle I have ever had but full of rich, dark chocolate flavor.I would recommend all of those.  In fact, if you go, just order exactly what I did.  :)Oh and don't forget the amazing bread cart and candy cart.  It's hard to not want one of everything on each of those carts.  I swear that was the BEST macaron I have ever had!
4	Delicious original dishes but probably not worth the money. Much better value at other high-end restaurants for example, Sage at Aria. The bread was absolutely fantastic as was the spiny lobster with stuffed calamari. A very memorable meal.
4	I mean, it's amazing. flawless, epic, great food, great service, even great parting gifts that we enjoyed for days to come.  we even drove out to the venetian and parked our car there to get a more fantastic limo ride (we were staying at the mgm so we didn't want to not take part in the free limo ride) and we got the tour of the mansion before being seated in a secluded and mostly private spot. this is why i still give it 4 stars.We each had the tasting menu to celebrate one of my milestone birthdays with some wine. Everything that came out was a party in my mouth from the bread cart all the way to the dessert. I won't bore you with all the details here that will be regurgitating everything else people have already said.the overall feeling was that so much focus was placed on everything from the limo ride to the presentation of the food, that it was at times distracting from the real reason we were there - the taste of the food. these distractions were the good distractions though. i enjoyed feeling regal for one night. the bad distractions though, were a little annoying and less the fault of the restaurant than the patrons. there were so many patrons there that night that didn't follow the dress code, or lamely so if that was their weak attempt at trying to dress up. i get that some people are ballers who want to be on the dl but the last thing i want is to feel like i'm dining at a las vegas restaurant vs. joel robuchon. if joel robuchon was in any other city, people would dress up way more to come here. maybe it was just an off day but it was still annoying to see slobby people. it really brings down the ambiance. secondly, the tables were too damn close to each other. thankfully, the couple we were sitting within earshot to, basically rubbing elbows with, were in their 3rd to last dish when we sat there so they were gone by the time we reached halfway through the meal. still, it's really annoying to sit that close to other patrons when they're in their  casual attire, talking about super annoying things when i'm trying to have a moment. the meal is too expensive here to be ruined by stupid reasons. disclaimer: this was my second choice restaurant after not getting a reservation at the french laundry so i may have been in an off mood. the food was really delicious, just nothing really stood out in a way that i would gush about it, the way i do about akelarre (san sebastian, spain), arzak (san sebastian, spain), le garde robe (paris), les papilles (paris), vandermeersch (paris), seongbukdong (koreatown). the saving grace was our server, the alcohol, and my companion.
5	If i could give more than 5 stars, i would. This restaurant was OPULANT and PLUSH and a place i wanted to celebrate EVERY special occassion for the rest of my life! Save up and go - its worth EVERY PENNY!!
5	Quite possibly the best meal one can have in North America.  Last time we were there we did the 16 course tasting with two other couples.  We had arranged for our wine ahead of time and the sommelier had it ready to go.  The setting is very nice.  Being greeted at the private pull up and then walked through the closed to the general public areas is always a great way to start.  The decor is an homage to 1920s Paris and I think pulled off very well.Service is second to none.  What I enjoy is that staff treat people in an intelligent manner.  They are people that know their stuff so do not come off as automatons like the staff at some other well known places (Alinea, I'm talking about you).The food?  What can one say?  It was truffle season when we were there and one trio course had more truffles on it than I have ever seen on one plate.  Execution is always flawless, plates designed to be attractive and make sense, and the seasonal menus are greatly appreciated.A well rounded experience there is not going to come cheap but why skimp on things like wine when you are having a meal of this quality?  Expect the bill to be in the $700-800 per person range...and expect to walk away thinking it's worth every cent.P.S. Cannot say enough about the cheese and bread carts.
5	JR was the finest meal of my life. In fact, from start to finish I felt like a princess. We were collected at The Bellagio in a gold limousine. Perfect. Taken through the private gated entrance. Everything was perfection. This sets the bar for the finest dining experience of my life.I now want all desserts presented on a dessert cart.
4	I struggled with what rating to give this place.The food was among the best that I've had anywhere and certainly the best in Las Vegas, and that's saying something, with the long list of great restaurants in the city.  The langoustine ravioli was a dish I will remember 5 years from now.  The bread cart had some of the best bread on it I've ever had.  The ambiance was so beautiful that I couldn't believe I was inside the MGM-Grand.  The service was as good as I've had.But oh, the price.  Don't get me wrong - I've eaten at a lot of very expensive, very nice restaurants in my time, but this is in a different league for pricing.  The tasting menu there, at almost $400 is twice what some of the best restaurants in the world charge.  Is it worth twice what Alinea, Eleven Madison Park, Per Se and El Celler de Can Roca charge for their food?I don't think so, hence the 4 star rating.If you are a whale and have an unbelievable comp balance come here.  If you are foodie, you have to do JR at least once.  But I couldn't see coming here with any regularity.
2	Ouch. Not for me. Plates are fixed price and ranged from $125 to $265 and if you want the complete 16 course meal it is $425. All of these prices are per person. Wow, who pays this price?  I love great restaurants but $950 for dinner for two? There has to be some value right? The food was good but not outrageous and very small portions. The desert was excellent but again very small. Both the bread cart and the desert cart were cool. Now lets talk service- stuffy, short, no excitement, no personality. How about the atmosphere? If you like a restaurant experience where everyone is eating in grandmas living room and no one wants to say a word without being scolded, this is your place. Too quiet for me.I would never go back to this place and would cringe if I had to return as a guest on a business trip.
5	Had the 16 course meal.  By far the most epic restaurant dining experience I've ever had.  This place set a new standard for me.  Highlights:1.  30 minutes before our reservation, the restaurant calls and asks for our location so they can send their limo to pick us up.  Brings us through the back "Mansion" part of MGM (where Joel Robuchon and whales stay), with a mini tour/pictures of the gardens, living areas, and stuff.2.  Restaurant is gorgeous.  Tasteful colors, themes, great environment for different types of dinner engagements.  3.  Service is excellent.  Waiter was attentive, but not intrusive.  Even had a pleasant voice and way of talking.  When we first sat down, apparently there was some drunk chick being a little loud at a table nearby that just left.  Our waiter comes by apologizing and asking if there's anything they can do.  I joke around about getting a free bottle of wine and they actually gave us one!  Not only that, they actually chose one that would go well with what we ordered.4.  16 course meal changed the way I view food.  It's not just about how good something tastes when it goes in your mouth.  But there was actually a progression of tastes and balances throughout the course of the meal.  Each next course complimented or contrasted really well with the previous one.  So much art and complexity in this meal.  5.  Chocolate cart is pretty amazing and I don't even like sweets.  But we already had too much to eat and drink by this point.  They gave us some boxes so we could take a bit of everything to go.6.  Dining experience took the whole night.  I think about 4 hours long.Going into it, there was no way I would think a $1000 dinner would be worth it.  I changed my mind after.  Thanks for an unforgettable experience, Joel Robuchon.
4	I had an amazing meal, but I also had very high expectations. I think they met my expectations but did not exceed them. The restaurant and the entire experience is very impressive. It's very expensive and very good food, the service was outstanding.
5	My husband and I made a last minute booking (2 hours in advanced) and they were able to accomodate us. Upon arrival, we were led to a private area with beautiful decor and a nice scent from fresh roses. I noticed right away that they had Christofle silverware. Only the best.We did the 16 course tasting menu. It was a no-brainer. You come to Robuchon for what the chef recommends. There were a few courses where I thought they went too heavy on the salt, but otherwise very delightful. I started becoming full at around the 8th course, but that didn't stop me from finishing everything. Go light on the bread basket in the beginning. The full dining experience took 3 hours.Everything was exquisite. It was quite the journey. I expected nothing less from Robuchon. Comparable to the one in Macau, which I also tried and loved.Final damage for 2 (+ we each ordered one drink and after dinner coffee) == $1200 and a few extra pounds. Unforgettable experience. Oh, and the chocolate bar that you get to take away? OMG nom.
5	As part of my bucket list I plan to visit all the Three Michelin starred restaurants in the US, and what a restaurant to start with.  First, let me start with, this experience is not for the faint of heart!  You need to go in expecting to spend quite a bit of money, if you can't afford it (I saved up for a year! :)) then there are plenty of amazing, less expensive eateries in Vegas.  However, if you're looking for a culinary journey, read on.First, the biggest fear going into the restaurant for me, was the atmosphere, would the other guests stare at me as I delightfully photographed all 16 courses? Would the waiter scoff when I ordered my normal Diet Coke?  There was none of it, the guests next to us actually got a kick out of my goofiness and the waiter cracked quite a few jokes of his own.  I felt completely at ease.The bread cart started off the experience in full grand style, it was 20 types of bread, all craftily made and carefully explained by our waiter.  After making our choices it was quickly whisked away and warmed for us.  Then came 16 courses of amazing'ness.  I won't bother explaining the play by play for the courses, but each one was a masterpiece.  At 4 hours for a dinner duration, we found ourselves reminiscing about courses that occurred earlier in the meal (hahah, we thought that was amusing).  If you're a fan of cooking shows, the ingredients were all the things we hear about but never dare try... Truffles (amazing I tell you!), Foi Gras (Meh... I could take it or leave it), Caviar, Sea Urchin and the list goes on and on :)A three Michelin star restaurant should be a restaurant you're willing to take a special journey for.  Joel Robuchon's qualifies for its rating and is worth your time and money.  Thank you!
5	A 3 star Michelin restaurant that lives up to the hype not only in the service and ambiance but the food itself screams ingenuity.   Fancy, beautiful & quite extraordinary.  The foyer alone gives you an idea of what's to come.After hearing about this place from my bff who is a regular patron, I made reservations about 4 months in advance for my 10 year wedding anniversary. I felt elevated here. The food was exceptional and our 5 course meal left us with a deeper appreciation for the craft that goes into creating these unique dishes.  We chose the 5 course dinner which was perfect, but there is also a 16 course dinner for the truly indulgent.  The 5 course dinner lasted about 4 hours. Everything is carried out to your table on a huge silver platter and presented to you one by one with a full description by the Maitre d'. From the champagne to the Foie Gras to the Black Cod, the Filet Mignon And Ravioli...everything was magnifique! The menu often changes, but one of their signature dishes is La Langoustine and let me tell you..it was superb!There is an assortment of bread & regionally imported cheese cart floating around as well as a beautiful dessert cart with truffles and edible gold.  These added treats served well in between courses and with our coffee/tea.The executive chef, Claude Le Tohic personally came out to see how our dining experience turned out and was more than happy to take photos with us on our special occasion.  We were then gifted with a bag of chocolates and a special anniversary dessert topped with candles. It truly was a once in a lifetime experience....the bill will confirm that in the end but I hope to return and be elevated here again.
4	***Joel Robuchon features mostly modern French cuisine and elaborate setups (like huge bread and mignardises trollies, but the food is not as good as what you will find at high-end fine dining spots like Cyrus and The French Laundry)***Joel Robuchon is a very high-end fine dining restaurant located in the MGM Grand.  I've dined at two of Robuchon's L'atelier restaurants (one in Tokyo and one in Vegas that sits right next to Joel Robuchon).  I enjoyed both of them.  They were French restaurants, but they were not too heavy.  They were more contemporary with light preparations and lively flavors.Joel Robuchon is a more formal and traditional French spot.  There are definitely modern touches.  Joel Robuchon updates several traditional French dishes to make them more contemporary; L'atelier though utilizes more modern techniques and even fusion elements to create dishes that feel entirely new.Joel Robuchon offers several menus including an option to build your own tasting of 2-6 courses or a full tasting, which is 16 courses and an incredible amount of food.  Regardless of how many courses you opt for, there seems to be enough mini courses (like an elaborate bread cart and an extravagant mignardises trolley) to keep you from leaving hungry.With the bread cart and the mignardises trolley, I immediately thought Cyrus (a great restaurant that will be closing soon) when I dined here.  It also has similarities to The French Laundry in terms of the elaborate courses and the showcase of premium ingredients.  While I thought there were many great things about Robuchon, it was definitely not as good as those two restaurants.Part of it has to do with the produce.  I think Cyrus and The French Laundry have much better access to fresh fruits and vegetables.  The sourcing of the proteins is noticeable too.  Even though Joel Robuchon utilizes more premium ingredients than Cyrus, I felt Cyrus' proteins felt fresher and were handled with more care.  Because of this, I think the flavors pop at Cyrus and The French Laundry more.Cyrus and The French Laundry also just serve up more contemporary and interesting food.  The food feels more with the times, lighter and more creative.There were some great dishes at Robuchon though.  Caviar is nicely done here--paired with a cold and creamy cauliflower soup as well as fresh and soft hamachi sashimi.  The grilled lobster tail with herb sabayon was very good (great cooking of the lobster tail--very flavorful outside with a moist and soft inside).I liked the scallop too (nicely moist and served with a good leek curry).  The truffled langoustine ravioli was also good--nice thickness on the pasta.The caramel panna cotta, which also had a great ice cream, was very satisfying even if the garnish of strawberries was not that great.  And the attention to detail on the bread and mignardises really paid off.  The gruyere brioche was light, crispy and cheesy and the mignardises trolley featured an unbelievable amount of variety including chocolates, lollipops, little cakes, marshmallows, pate de fruit, caramels, macarons, and so on.  The best thing about it was though that despite the huge number of mignardises they make, several of them were very fresh and good.But there were definitely spots where Joel Robuchon struggled when compared to California restaurants.  Their tomato salad is supposed to be bright and vibrant as well as very modern.  Unfortunately, the tomatoes were not nearly as sweet and juicy as what you will find at Lucques (Lucques has a better flavor combination too by featuring fragrant basil and creamy burrata).  The Bazaar's caprese salad is also much more modern than Robuchon's tomato salad.Robuchon's salmon is very nicely cooked, but I didn't like the flavors of mango and mustard that they chose to go with it--both strong flavors and a little too contrasting.  The beef ribeye here was very flavorful and tender, but the garnish of capers was too overpowering.  I was excited about trying their chocolate souffle and it had a great lift, but it had a weird texture.  It was almost like a marshmallow.  It made the souffle feel dry--maybe more vanilla bean ice cream or a creme anglaise would have helped.Service was very polite, professional and attentive, but I felt it was too stiff.  It is probably just the style that they are going for, but Cyrus manages to be both formal and personable.  The dining room is very formal and high-end too.  I wasn't a big fan of all the decoration though--it made the room feel cluttered.Prices are very high, but they do serve a generous amount of food.Joel Robuchon provides a very extravagant dining experience and one that you cannot easily find elsewhere.  Still, I prefer L'atelier much more and I would highly recommend The French Laundry over it.  But it is a very renowned restaurant and worth considering if you want to try Vegas' best.MGM Grand offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
1	Well unfortunately our experience is not starting out on the right foot. I had planned and chosen this restaurant based on the reviews and the "supposed" high level of service for our anniversary. After making the reservation online, I called to verify and the person I spoke with told me that Opentable had an issue and that they had to move our reservation. This was not that big of a deal but when I also asked about the limo service, I was told, it would not be available and to take a taxi. For the experience I was hoping for, not too pleased so far!
5	1. This place is very expensive, my tip for 2 was $60.2. This lives up to the 3 Michelin stars luxury dining.3. They give you a lot of food, all very good.4. I'm not too high on French in general.  I am most impressed by their appetizers the most, their osetra caviar, the way they arrange their plates and the selection of the bread.5.  I can't say this is worth 4 times a normal $40 dinner.  I would say about 2-3 times.  Personally, I would eat a 4lb lobster at Newport Restaurant in LA for $80.  However, I'd probably take a girl here if I were to propose and had no original ideas, haha.  No, it is a fine restaurant.  I just can't afford it yet.
5	My girlfriend and I were lucky enough to dine at Joel Robuchon in June this year.  This was one of the best meals that we have ever had!  We went with the 14 course tasting menu, and that did not include the bread or dessert cart.  While courses at restaurants like this tend to be small most courses were larger than a single bite or two.  After course eight I started to tear up because I was so sad that I was stuffed and couldn't enjoy the last few courses.  There is amazing selection of both bread and chocolates that it is very tempting to fill up on that alone.  The bread cart here was spectacular, better than L2O (Chicago) and Guy Savoy (Vegas).As for the specifics, most courses ranged from good to excellent.  The best dish that I ever had was during this tasting and that was the butter poached lobster ravioli topped with truffle and cabbage.  I could have eaten a plateful of them.  One other course that stood out was the cold cauliflower puree with caviar.  The only real miss was the first course that was tomatoes two different ways.  That probably comes more to personal preference.For future diners if you do choose the 14 course tasting menu and there is a dish that doesn't strike your fancy you should leave a bit of it.  There is plenty of food to come so you won't leave hungry.  Worst case you can take a bit more off the bread or dessert cart.  It does seem like a waste when you are spending that much money on a meal but personally I would have enjoyed the last few dishes more if I wasn't already full.
4	We really looked forward to a perfect experience but only a couple things that semi ruined our time.  There was an obnoxious older couple that kept blowing their noses quite loudly into the napkins.It happened several times during our meal which made it difficult to enjoy.  Other than that service was nice.  We had the 16 course tasting menu and loved every bite. We received copies of our menu and a bag of goodies to take.  Highly recommend trying this indulgent adventure once!
5	absolutely mind numbingly amazing! My husband got us a private limo that dropped us off at the private entrance of the Mansion where high rollers and celebrities get dropped off and there was a hostess who was already waiting for us at the gate, and walked us through the lovely Mansion and the lovely garden they had. I had the 4 course and my husband had the 6 course which was still too much food for us. They had something like 16 different types of breads to chose from and a great selection of wines and cheeses. I paid extra for a truffle soup and it was orgasmic! It was the right amount of earthiness and the dumplings were melt in your mouth delicious! I would give anything to have that again. Our servers were absolutely delightful to have and it was extremely nice of them to give us the outdoor patio/garden all to ourselves for dinner.  Needless to say, I would definitely come back. In my opinion, it was MUCH BETTER than Cyrus. No food poisoning here!We also got the same driver who drove us to Joel Robuchon and he told us we missed Paris Hilton by 3 minutes which was a bummer, but we definitely enjoyed taking photos instead. Such a memorable dinner!
5	what can I say, this place is great!! I would highly recommend to try the pre fix menu. they offer a 7 course meal for $250 per person or a 16 course meal for $350 per person. Every item is delightful, the atmosphere is astonishing they service is awesome. Joel R came back from retirement to open this amazing restaurant in Las Vegas and I'm glad he did! so If you want to spend some extra money and treat your palate You have to go and experience this restaurant
5	i have too many wonderful things to say about this restaurant!  where do i start....when i first walked it, it was not what i expected.  they have the bar area to the right and it is really dark and small.  the chairs seem too large for the tables.  the sommelier happened to be there as i was selecting a glass of wine and let me try a sample of the shiraz.  i opted for the pinot noir which was light and smooth.  we were seated almost immediately.  we sat at a table in the "garden" area to the right of the dining room.  it's a very quaint and romantic spot (too bad i was dining with my boss!).  if you are going on a romantic date or celebrating an anniversary, ask for a table in the garden.i won't say too much about service, but it was impeccable.  we had about 3-4 people attending to us throughout the meal and each one was polite and helpful.  they would even wait for us to finish our conversation before interrupting.the food.  do not expect to come in here and spend less than $200/person (including drinks/etc).  they have different meal options for you to choose from with the smallest option starting at $129.  they have a 16 course meal for $485/person.  i opted for an app + entree, which was $169.  first off, their bread is to die for.  they have 2 types of bread with cheese and i tried one of each.  they have tons of other bread, even ones with bacon.  they warm the bread up for you and it's so good.  they give you butter from france with sea salt and olive oil, but the bread is so yummy on its own, you do not need to add anything to it.i started with the foie gras and artichoke salad.  it was uh-mazing!  the foie gras melted in your mouth and the artichoke had a great marinade. for my entree, it was a no brainer - i had the spaghetti with sea urchin and caviar.  it was an additional supplement of around $40, i believe, but it was worth every penny!  they give you 4 pieces of sea urchin, a soft boiled egg and caviar sprinkled on top.  the spaghetti sauce was so creamy and buttery - i have no words.  amazing.they give you a side of the chef's mashed potatoes.  the waiter said, and i quote "i hope you like butter".  nuff said.this is an amazing dining experience.  it's definitely not an every day meal, but given a reason, i'd come back in a heart beat!
4	I've read ALL the previous reviews before my first visit last night. My partner and I decided to splurge for our anniversary. I agree with the majority of reviews. I have to say that although the overall expense was an order of magnitude higher than an average meal, this was not an average meal! I justified it like other costs when you go to Las Vegas - a dinner show, night club with limosine, or other wild adventures that you can only venture in Las Vegas.For me it is a similar expense, since I have four kids and it always can end up pricey. For those on a budget, it is still doable. But since it it's easier to judge for yourself two of us each opted for the four course dinner. Some of the items you select from the detailed menu to fill in the menu have additional charge. We had no drinks except after dinner coffee and tea. Bottom line: $800 including tip.  So, if you are looking at value, maybe the 16 course meal is better priced.  Our four course meal was way too much food, though, so I have to guess that 16 courses would have put me in a coma.  You make your own decision. BTW, all the staff were friendly, not stuffy.  Of course I'm a happy guy so maybe they were just reacting to my smile.Footnote:  I noticed that the la langoustine was hard to cut with the knife and chewy.  Why it was "tough" is beyond me.  Can anyone speculate?  Overcooked?  Frozen?  I can't imagine a 3 star Michelin doing either.
5	You simply cannot prepare yourself for the overwhelming taste and vision of a restaurant of this magnitude. My review will reflex my state of mind after my meal, speechless.
4	My first 3 star Michelin restaurant.  Overall an interesting experience.  Would I repeat?  Not sure.  For starters, the ambiance is nice - done in plush tones of purple, with intimate little booths and some tables in the center.  The vibe is super bougie and all the waitstaff talk to you in hushed tones.  It's really bizarre that the restaurant is located in the MGM, though, because the MGM doesn't really seem like an appropriate spot for a 3 star Michelin restaurant.  My date and I had a dinner at 9:30 because we came after a Cirque show, so we figured it was too late for the 3 hour prix fixe menu.  We opted for the option that included an amuse bouche, an appetizer, a soup, an entree, dessert, and the dessert tray.  It was $198 per person.  The night started with offerings from the bread cart - overall, we were pretty unimpressed - none of the breads were amazing.  There was a rosemary brioche that was SUPER disappointing - I couldn't taste the rosemary at all.  The amuse bouche was honestly really weird.  It came on a BRIGHT orange tray of pumpkins that was quite frankly hideous and clashed with the classy decor of the place. It was a green apple puree thing with some avocados underneath and some fruit... maybe yuzu?  Neither my date nor I particularly cared for it.  It was served on a bed of dry ice so the presentation was kind of cool - it looked like it was smoking.  Other than the presentation though, we were mostly unimpressed.For the appetizer, my date had the foie gras and I had the lobster.  Mine was crisp and clean and my date's foie was perfectly buttery.  We both had the kabocha pumpkin soup, and it was fantastic - it had bits of foie in it that mixed so well with the pumpkin to create a rich buttery taste.  For our entrees, my date had the duck with foie (he clearly loves foie) and I had the spaghetti with caviar and sea urchin.  It should be noted that the spaghetti had an extra charge (around $40) because it includes a lot of caviar.  I enjoyed both of our entrees.  They were both accompanied by Mr. Robuchon's signature mashed potatoes, which are supposed to be equal parts potato and butter.  For dessert, my date had the pistachio mousse and I enjoyed the restaurant's signature chocolate souffle.  The souffle was amazing and really lived up to its reputation.  The pistachio mousse was also good but it was really tiny.The dessert tray offered a variety of chocolates.  As a parting gift, we were given a little photo booklet of the restaurant and a chocolate bar.  Overall, it was a lovely experience but my date who is a massive foodie and has been to Robuchon's restaurant in Paris was actually quite disappointed.
2	So disappointing. The service and presentation were outstanding. The food was underwhelming. If only it tasted as good as it looked. Since when is foam considered an exciting edible item? Best part was the bread cart.
5	I am very confused by the negative reviews on here.  I have eaten here twice.  Once was the 16 course menu once was the 4 course.  Both were extremely filling.Service:  Exceptional from the moment we walked in.  Polite and inviting host team.  Our waiters were very knowledgeable and gave excellent recommendations.The Food:  Ok, everyone agrees the bread cart is the stuff of legends.  Everything I had there was done perfectly. Each item on both menus were unique and wonderful.The price: Expensive.  Very Expensive.  Could I have a dining experience as good for less?  Yes.  Areoles comes to mind.  I could get this experience duplicated anywhere else? NO!  Truly this place is all about the food, service and overall experience.  Very worthwhile.
5	After making a reservation to dine at Robuchon, I began to research such things as what to wear, what to expect price and menu-wise (yes, I knew it was expensive) and how to handle wine.  I read reviews, asked the few I could find who had dined there and even called the restaurant.  But in the end, I was not comfortable I got all of the information and it turns out some of it was just plain wrong.  Here iare the definitive answers after having dined there, along with my wife and another couple in December 2012:Men do not wear ties and some do not wear jackets.  We were the only ones in the restaurant wearing a jacket and tie.  Since neither is required and you will not be uncomfortable without a tie, I suggest just a jacket.The wine list does not start at $500.  The wine list is extensive, with wines from $60 to $60,000 a bottle.  While the markup is high at about two and a half times, there are good wines for under $125 that you will know, if you drink wine.  We were scared off of their list by reviews we read and took very nice bottles of wine (2002 Bryant and 2001 Mouton Rothschild) and paid the $100 corkage.  While we enjoyed our wines, in hindsight, we would have not bothered packing and taking them and simply bought wine.Speaking of wine, we found the sommelier to be less than helpful and even at $100 corkage, to be put off that we brought our own.  He dissed what we brought and tried hard to pour both bottles within the first few courses of our meals, presumably to cause us to buy more wine from the restaurant. We had to slow him down.  We also found out, he only decanted about 80% of the wine and left the rest in our bottles. Not sure if this was intentional (we know it is appropriate to leave a small amount to reduce sediment in the glasses), but it could be construed that he was trying to poach some of our wine. Fortunately, our waiter caught this and poured us the rest of our wines directly from the bottle.There is a 16 course tasting menu for $435 and there are four pre-fixe menu choices.  The six course was $250, the five course was $198, three course is $165 and two course is $130.  The men at our table had the six course and our wives had the five course.  I cannot comment on how much anyone else might eat, but suffice it to say if I returned, I would get the five course, as we were uncomfortably full by the last course and dessert.  We had been warned about the bread service and yes, it was over the top. But we exercised restraint and did not fill up on the bread, yet, we were overly full by the end.They made a mistake on one of my courses and in hindsight I wish I had said something.  I ordered the beef cheeks and instead was served a sliced veal. Worse yet, my wife had the beef cheeks as an earlier course and she raved about it.  At that point, though, I was so full and I did not want to hold up our meal by sending back the veal.Get the L'OEuf de Poule appetizer, period.  It is a crispy soft boiled egg with smoked salmon and oscetra caviar.  It is the best single food dish I have ever had anywhere, period.  It is a $60 supplement charge over the cost of the meal, but it is full of oscetra caviar and worth it.  Hard to believe this could be the case, but it is.Go for your birthday or tell them it is your birthday, even if it isn't.  The birthday cake they served was as good as, if not better than, the desserts they served.  It was the actual birthday of one in our party and although we were beyond full, we all loved the cake they served.The staff is friendly and not stuffy.  We enjoyed some playful exchanges with them.  They were there for our every need, yet did not hover over us. They were helpful with the menu choices.You may have read that they offer limo service to their guests.  What you did not read is that if you don't request it, at least 24 hours in advance, you will not receive it.  It was not offered to us when we made our reservation or when they called to confirm our reservation.   Since I knew of it and wanted to use it, I called the day of our reservation, and to my surprise and extreme disappointment, they said they would not do provide it.  Although I protested that it was never offered they would not budge.  So the tour of the Mansions and special greeting did not occur for us and we strongly resented how this was handled.Finally, if you are dining at Robuchon on the day you arrive in Las Vegas from the East Coast or Midwest, think about going a different night.  Our 8:30 dinner, which lasted until about 11:45, was actually a 10:30 dinner that lasted until 1:45 a.m.  Besides being overly full, we were all very tired in the final hour of our dinner.  So despite a few flaws, this was an excellent meal.  For the price, it should have been perfect.  I would return, have the four course dinner, including the egg with the $60 supplemental charge, have more of the bread, go on a day other than my first day in Vegas.
5	Last night I finally managed to have dinner at Robuchon's main restaurant and the experience was perfect in nearly every way.  If you are planning a very special night out and can afford it there is really no other place in Vegas worthy of your discriminating tastes.The first striking thing about the dining experience here is the space itself.  With the exception of the glass front door and windows inside the bar the interior does a great job of transporting you far, far away from Las Vegas, which is definitely welcome given that the restaurant is located right next to a bunch of slot machines; I think it would have been even better had I booked their complimentary limo service ahead of time and avoided the trek through the casino.  The main dining room is very bright with lots of white and purple, with a side annex space with a beautiful ivy wall that is very effective and continuing to illusion of being anywhere but Las Vegas.  It's a bit more hush hush in this place than next door's lively L'tallier but not so much that the mood is stuffy.Service begins with complete attention to your needs from the moment you walk through the door and doesn't stop until you walk out the door.  Everyone is very friendly, extremely accommodating and completely knowledgeable about every aspect of the menu (including special requests you might have and how to fit them into the meal.)  The demeanor of the staff is certainly reflective of one of the world's finest restaurants but they are not formal to a fault and certainly mirror the tone of their clientele, which was appreciated because if the service was too rigid I think it would have made the experience less enjoyable for me.Of course the food was amazing.  We opted for the 16-course degustation menu and one additional course of the langoustine ravioli.  Every dish was delicious and some ranked in the "best things I've had" category for sure, specifically the langoustine ravioli, the veal chop and the artichoke salad with foie gras.  Even if you're not usually a foie gras fan (I generally am not) I would recommend you try the dishes anyways as they will likely surprise you; the foie gras in the artichoke salad is perhaps the most delicate and smooth texture I've ever experienced with the dish, and the foie gras sauce that adorns the langoustine ravioli is a mouth-watering hearty sauce with just enough to perfectly compliment the dish.  Some of the other dishes included a very fresh and sweet strawberry gazpacho, a perfectly cooked veal chop and three distinctive caviar dishes, each of them better than the next (the finale adorning a delicious corn sauce).  Of special mention is the freshly-baked bread cart that has over (I think) a dozen varieties of bread, the most delicious of the bunch being the bacon bread and the presumably signature Robuchon olive oil bread (I say only because they also have it L'tallier and it's the one that everyone reaches for immediately!)  I also purchased the lower cost wine pairing ($295) which included six wines, all of them perfectly paired and delicious.  The only issue I had here was that after having an opening champagne I was full-on inebriated by mid-meal and had to stop enjoying the wine directly with the food in which it was intended to paired so just a word of caution to those of you intend to abide.  I wish I had the specific list of wines with me so I could make special mention to the amazing chardonnay (apparently exclusive to this restaurant) but I'll have to update my review later with the name.While there is nothing really negative I can say about the experience there are some things you should consider before dining here.  The first and most obvious thing is price.  You've probably heard that this place is expensive.  While you can get out of here cheaply if you have a smaller tasting menu and a glass of wine or two, most people are probably coming for the full tasting menu experience and that comes at a cost - the total bill for my two person party to have the sixteen course meal, one person having the cheapest wine pairing and a 20% tip came to roughly $1600.  I would really recommend that you try Joel's L'tallier restaurant next door first before booking an evening here because the food there is of completely equivalent quality but will cost far less money. a similar meal at L'tallier would be closer to $600 and give you a very good idea of what things will be tasting like in the main menu; if for some reason you're an alien from another planet, have stunted taste buds and do not like your food at L'tallier you are *definitely* not going to like paying more than twice as much for it next door.A minor issue that has been pointed out in other reviews is that dress code is less formal than it suggests.  As long as you're in nice pants and a shirt you will be just fine here without disrupting everyone's experience like a total jack ass (but come on, dress up you slouches!)
5	My husband and I are planning to dine here on our one year anniversary.  So far we've only made reservations, however it was very simple to make them online.  I suggest reserving your spot on the MGM website versus on OpenTable.I definitely want to take advantage of the limo ride and mansion tour prior to our meal.  Very excited!
5	This place was one of those restaurants me and my wife had to try at least once and it was definitely a nice experience. It's always awesome when your palate experiences new flavors from restaurants like this. it was worth the wad of money that might've been lost in slots. We were treated well and the service was excellent. I overlooked the free limo ride and tour and were a bit disappointed they didn't mention it but no biggie.
5	I regret giving 5 stars to all my other reviews, because Joel Robuchon is the best  restaurant I've ever eaten. To put it in perspective, Gary Danko in SF is like Mcdonalds compared to Robuchon. Canlis in Seattle is like a Red Robins. I have been completely blown away to a new level.Robuchon will pick you up and drop you off at your hotel in their gold MGM limo. You will use the Mansion as the entrance and the exit, and it will take your breathe away. I felt like I was in a movie star's house as I walked through the corridors. Unless you are a whale and get invited to stay at the mansion, there will be no other opportunities to see the inside.The restaurant itself was beautiful, the decor is top notch. My bf kept saying he feels like he's in a movie. Of course they use Christofle silverware, you wouldn't want to eat on any other kind of metal. All the staff were attentive and knowledgable, especially the guy who explains all 40 mini dessert to you! My bf and I both did the $195 5-course meal and it was more than enough food. I dont know how other do the 14-courses! Our favorites were definitely the chestnut foie gras soup, the Spaghetti uni and caviar ($45 addition) and the chocolate souffle ($15 addition). Never had a souffle cooked to such perfection. I loved the bread cart, managed to try one of each. We are not wine drinkers so I ordered a bellini. Oops, that was $35... they must have used real champagne. Also got jasmine tea with desserts and it paired well with the sweets.  To take home you get a souvenir booklet of the food you ate, as well as a loaf for next morning. Dinner ended up to about $700 for 2 after tax and tips. It was worth every penny.I will be back eventually for their 14-course menu, without a doubt. It will be hard to top Joel Robuchon. Food, service and ambience is out of this world.
1	Went there on June 2012, and this horrible dinner is still seared in my mind & it was so disappointing because I planned our entire anniversary trip around this dinner. The most ahhhmazing part was when the car rolled up to the villa and the gates parted and than you are ushered into this plush, decadent restaurant. I should have known something was up since it was so easy to get reservation. We ordered the Menu A $250 per person. It was so bad that after the third course, my BF said he had enough and wanted to go eat something that's edible, but being Chinese I insisted we trudge on through as to not let food go to waste. The alcohol drink we ordered was nasty too. Short Review: Save your money, don't go here! Unremarkable food, paired with bad service. Long Review:Here's what we ordered:1A) Green Asparagus...What a joke, anybody could have made it, no creativity to it.1B) Spiced Lobster...My fave dish that night, but I'm partial to lobster.2A) Green Pea Cream Soup...Good, but not memorable.2B) Light Daikon soup...Good, but not memorable. 3A) Pan Fried Sea Bass...Fish was fresh, but not memorable. (A running theme of Robuchon.)3B) Grilled Spiny Lobster...Came out cold. I asked the Waiter, if this is normal, he said he will check with the kitchen and redo it. When he came back with the new dish, he made a jeering remark to the gist of, "Next time, don't take so long to take photos." WTF? Taking a couple of shots is not long enough to turn a dish cold.Than came the longest wait in the world for the fourth course. WE WAITED ALMOST AN HOUR FOR THE NEXT COURSE. Nobody came to apologize. There is no way that they didn't know about this because an integral part of fine dining is the timing of the dishes of when they are served.  4A) Roasted duck...Okay.4B) Beef cheeks...It was very tender, but the sauce was average. The Mashed Potatoes. It was ahhhmazing. If this was the only course served, than Joel deserves 5 stars. Just give me a bucket of this and I am a happy camper.  5) Instead of Cheese Course we requested a substitute and they gave us the Risotto of Soybeans Sprouts. It was so salty...inedible. At that time, I was too afraid to say anything, lest I get another reprimand from the waiter. The waiter didn't even bother asking why we didn't finish the course. 6A) La Fraise: Nasty tasting, served in a tacky serve ware. 6B) Le Chocolat: Also nasty, and tacky looking, why is there peacock feathers surrounding it?Than while we are eating our desserts, strangely they appeared with a cake, say happy anniversary, than walked off. Nice gesture, but the entire event was strange.  They will serve you a slice and the rest of the cake is thrown away. What a waste.At the end of the meal, they roll out this beautiful dessert cart and tell you choose whatever mignardises you want. However, you are not allowed to take any of it to go. Huh? What kind of policy is this, I never had happened to me at a fine dining establishment. By that time, after this long drawn ordeal, I'm tired, my BF pissed. I randomly chose a few to try, but still you wouldn't want to take these home, even if you could. Verdict: Save your time and money and go splurge elsewhere.
5	Okay.. after having a few days to digest the bill, I now feel ready to give this place a fair review based on the quality/taste of the food.  It definitely deserves its 3 star Michelin rating.  We had the 8-course tasting menu: 1) Chilled corn soup2) Carpaccio of foie gras3) Chestnut soup4) Truffled langoustine ravioli (my fave dish)5) Black cod6) Sauteed veal chop7) Sault farrow risotto w/gold leaf8) Pear compote w/passion fruit foam & carmelized walnut ice cream*Bonus: Dessert cart!!!They continuously came around with their well-known bread cart.  My faves were the bacon bread and the mini croissant. Make sure you pace yourself with the bread! I was so full by the 4th plate!
5	Lovely.Amazing food.Great service.Comfortable and beautiful setting.They are great in a lots of areas: bread, chocolate, deserts, food, everything - striving for perfection.I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago for a few days.I managed to get reservations at Joel Robuchon for two evenings. First evening with my mom and sister. We had a great time. It was actually my birthday and the restaurant had prepared a gorgeous cake for me (enough for 6 or 7 people size).The second night i went alone (cheaper....actually to be honest my sister and mom had already gone back to the lone star state)...again amazing everything.the DUCK. the best i have had in my life...and i tell you - i have done duck all over the world in a variety ....The managing director, bernard claeys (sp?) is great...so professional. In fact i think maybe I had seen him in tokyo at another fancy restaurant (taillevent)  many years ago where he was the managing director.next time when i go back to vegas, i plan on going to joel robuchon every night but order their smallest menu and ask for some variations...the duck, oh the DUCK.
5	I have been this place three times in the last five years. It is exceptional every single time. The chef tasting menu is mesmerizing - the food and the plating. It is true art of gastronomy. The bread and desert cart are bonus which can't be found anywhere else. However, I wouldn't recommend the wine paring with the chef tasting menu. It cost quite a bit and really didn't do much for the food.
5	A gold limo picks you up from wherever you happen to be staying. From there, down some random alley next to the MGM there is a set of iron gates. There is someone awaiting your arrival at the entrance to the Mansion. You are escorted to the restaurant like any other VIP. After you are seated, you are presented the 16- course Menu Degustation and a menu of a la carte options. The only real choice is the $425 16-course menu.The sommelier approaches and gauges your interest in their wine menu. Of course, there are so many lovely options. Best to order a pairing. The cheapest was $275 - I did not inquire about the even more expensive ones. It was a great value though as the pairings (every two courses) were pretty much all Grand Cru. As for the 16 courses, they were pretty amazing. Current menu online (Jan 4 2013) is what we got for the description. The sea urchin was my favorite. There were many moments where I took a bit then looked at my accomplice and locked eyes with that kind of "oh my god did you taste that?" stare. At the end, they bring a bag full of goodies to take home - your tasting menu (with parings if you got them), a souvenir book, and pretty much a loaf of tasty cake.Was it worth it? It depends on how you budget your disposable income and if you can appreciate caviar and truffles. Service was excellent - all my questions were answered and there were never any awkward moments.Dining time was about three hours. They also provide a limo back from the main entrance at the MGM.
5	I ate here last summer.It was the most amazing dinner I ever had in my life!The service was great. The room is gorgeous. Yes its expensive, but Joel himself was there and made an appearance in the room.The dessert cart was delectible. The ravioli was great... I will never forget it!The bill with tip was like $1000but I was with a very wealthy friend who wanted me to enoy the experience otherwise Id have never even heard of him
5	To this day, I still consider this the best meal of my life.  Truly 5 Stars all around in ambiance, service, taste, execution and more. Considered the top 10 most expensive tasting menus in the world, definitely worth the hefty price tag.  We were picked up by a gold limo from our hotel.  They took us through the back of the MGM Grand Mansion.  It's a beautiful experience with an indoor courtyard.  First thing to mention is that any fine establishment not only has an amazing head chef but should have an amazing pastry chef.  JR did just that, the bread cart had over 30 choices of bread... I was in shock.  Usually having more than 6 choices is considered more than adequate, but here... you could choose your hearts desire.  This meal took over 4 hours and I was so full I couldn't breathe.  We had the 16 course tasting menu and every single dish was artistically plated with beautiful white and black truffles.  Ah I can still remember the aroma.They also had a dessert cart with so many choices it was almost overwhelming.(Posted Pictures of the legendary bread cart and dessert cart)
5	This is what haute cuisine is about, imho.My aunt and i were picked up by a limousine and dropped off at MGM mansion.  We waited for our hostess in a beautiful waiting room which reminded me of a small chateau in Europe.  The huge arrangement full of big pink peonies (one of my favorite flowers) graced the main entry.  We were then led thru many hallways, along with another couple, and finally to the restaurant off the casino side.  The dining room was scrumptously decorated with shade of purple and pink,  the chandeliers were lovely!We chose the two couse menu with a supplement so we ended up trying 6 different dishes.  The bread cart was loaded with so many kinds that i had a tough time choosing since i did not want to stuff myself.   Once the selection was made the bread was warmed before they were brought to the table.  Each small piece was perfectly formed, really cute :-)The amuse 'Le Caviar' of crab meat with fennel and dill cream topped with osetra caviar was one of the the best dishes that i've had (the other was probably Thomas Keller's terrine de foie gras).  The combination of ingredient was perfect.  Each of the flavors shined through without being over powered by the others.  The creamy texture of the crab mixture was nicely contrasted by the crunchy caviar.  The fennel gave the dish a pleasant aromatic feel which i love very much.  The portion was so generous but i think i could handle muuuuch more :-)Les Crustaces (supplement): Roasted lobster on cauliflower with green curry, truffled langoustine ravioli with chopped cabagge (signature dish), delicate flan of sea urchin with mocha foamFor the entree i got turbot sauteed with matsutake which was excellent, my aunt got the seafood medley which looked pretty but  there was a weakness in flavor combination, imho.The dessert cart was as i expected to see with at least 30 different choices of cakes, candies, chocolate.  The hostess patiently described many of them and each of us ended up with about 10 different kinds.  Each piece was exquisitely done in miniature form and delicious.The food, the decor, the bread/dessert carts, the limousine ride showed that the 3-star Michelin restaurant like this stands in a different class compared  to other restaurants.  I really enjoy the whole experience which i think was well worth the high price of the dinner.
5	Definitely on par with Eleven Madison Park and Le Bernardin. I just wish I had read all the reviews before we went so we could've taken advantage of the limo and mansion. I think they should just offer the service to you when you call for reservations. The only negative was a table full of loud obnoxious patrons on the other side of the restaurant but I didn't really expect the restaurant to be able to tell them to shup up. I could tell it was bothering the other patrons as well. Other than the distraction, the dining experience was phenomenal. The food gets brought out on large silver trays and they swap out the dishes on another silver tray.
4	Great food - wonderful service - memorable experience!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said? Phenomenal!
5	Fantastic food, intimate size and unbelievable attention to every detail. If you are looking for the finest food in Las Vegas (albeit pricey) you cannot go wrong with Robuchon. The restaurant is located right next door to the showroom for Ka.
5	best french restaurant in las vegas.
5	Sat at the bar and was blown away by the staff and the quality of the food and perpetration. My waiter had been there since opening day in 2005 and each course was prepared with a lot of detailand flavor. Great but expensive with wine and booze.
2	My wife and I eloped in Vegas so I booked dinner there for the two of us to celebrate. I had the 13 course and she the 7 course tasting menu. With a bottle of wine, the bill came out to be around $1000. I have fairly simple tastes, so French food never appealed to me. Just seems that much of it is about saucing and manipulation. So when I decided to give it a try I chose what I thought would be the best. I would say no dish was memorable. I was excited to finally eat foie gras and truffle. The foie couldn't stand up to monkfish liver. And truffle only reminded me of Chinese preserved egg. Should've saved the $1000 for more gambling. And BTW the next day I looked through my poop to see if I could retrieve the gold flakes to recover the cost.
5	came here for a chinese new year dinner party awhile back. when we arrived, we were very nicely greeted and got sat down at a table with customized menus. amazing. the food course was amazing and i wanted to stay forever.one of the coolest things was the bread basket selection they bring you with one of the largest variety of breads you can pick. yum!
5	I've been very lucky to have dined in many top rated restaurants and this place just earned a spot in the top 5 best meals of my life!!  We were thinking of trying the Degustation Menu, but from past experiences, I knew I couldn't possibly eat 16 courses and come out feeling good no matter how delicious the food is.  So, my husband and I opted for what turned out to be a 12 course meal, which was the perfect amount of food for the both of us.  We made sure to save room to indulge in their giant bread cart plus their after dinner and dessert -  dessert cart.  Yes, that is not a typo.  After you have devoured your multi-course dinner and dessert from the tasting menu,  they wheel out an impressive dessert cart and have you choose basically as many mini desserts as you want.I will not go through each course since it probably changes seasonally, but everything was absolutely delicious.  The 2 stand out dishes of the evening was their salmon tar tar topped with caviar and the lobster appetizer.  Even their Veuve Clicquot tasted better than any other times I've had it.  It was probably due to the fact that they chilled it to the perfect temperature.  My only complaint is that they told me they had a strict dress code for men: jacket required, no logos on shirts, no jeans, etc.  However, when we walked in, we saw many patrons dressed in jeans with no jacket.  We even saw one guy in a Spiderman T-shirt.  Needless to say, my husband was annoyed because it was very hot in Vegas the week we were there and he was forced to wear long sleeves and a jacket.All in all the service, ambience, and food was absolutely amazing.I will definitely dine here again.   Bravo, Joel Robuchon, Bravo!!  Thank you for giving us 12 courses of heaven on a plate!
3	I can't bring myself to give this place more than 3 stars.The food was fantastic.  Perfectly cooked, well seasoned/aged and delicious.The service was good, but, being trained in front of the house for high end restaurants, I can't help but take notice of some glaring mistakes.  Ones that wouldn't bother me if we were having a $150 pp meal... But at $400~ pp I expect perfection.  While training, my professor said, that the course would ruin many of my dining experiences, and well... This is one of them... Examples:  I asked a server/back server for more bread - #1 I should have been offered more bread, I should not have had to ask.  #2 "No Problem" - My training has taught me to hate that phrase... When was it ever a problem? #3 When we got our first order of bread, they took it back into the kitchen to heat, so we had warm, tasty breads to enjoy, upon our second and third orders, the bread was not heated, and was cold.  Where is the consistency?Next was the atmosphere: It was great... Modern French... Reminded me of some of the wineries and French country houses I've dined at in that part of the world. But there were the table mats...  The goddamned table mats, while very pretty were painful... Made of this hard plastic substance... They were pokey and went the length of the table... Had I been wearing a sports coat, I may not have noticed, but it's Vegas, Summer's beginning and it's 90 degrees outside... And the restaurant seems to have a casual "don't dress like an asshole" dress code, so I was wearing a short buttoned up shirt.  And the mats were relentless like wasps into my arms...Well, that's my rant...All in all, I did really enjoy our experience... It would have been very hard to complain about if I hadn't ruined future dining experiences by studying the subject.  And I feel bad about rating only 3 stars, but at the price point, I feel like everything should be perfect.
5	I'll be honest that my first experience at Robuchon's a few years ago left a lot to be desired. I probably would have given it two stars simply because it was terrible compared to the price - meat overcooked, several courses with uninteresting flavors, etc. There were a few standout courses and the cheese cart was amazing, so we decided to give it another try last night (6/7/13) and I am SO glad we did! I would definitely now rank it in my list of top 10 restaurants in the country.We had the tasting menu (16 courses that are really 12 courses because some come as a trio), which in my opinion is the only way to go - course after course of amazing and interesting combinations! I won't go into too much detail as the menu changes seasonally, but everything was exquisite. Highlights: the three caviar courses, the foie gras dumplings in broth, lobster with a curry sauce...honestly everything was a highlight. It is all beautifully presented, which makes it even more fun. Our server told us one of the courses (a side of gelee with mozarella ball dots and tiny tomato dots on top) takes a chef 25 minutes per plate just to prepare the dots.Three different carts come to your table at different points in the meal: A phenomenal bread cart with tons of interesting fresh-baked breads comes at the beginning of the meal (and whenever you want it). I think I tried half of it throughout the meal! Definitely have the rosemary brioche!! They also bring out a cheese cart right before dessert with probably 30 different cheeses from France and the US. We tried most of them, which is definitely the best way to do it as you can't tell which ones will be your favorite from the descriptions. The ones I liked best were the ones I almost did not choose! Then, after the dessert courses in the tasting menu, a dessert cart comes by. Everything on it was good, but I think it was the weakest of the carts as there aren't as many options and I didn't love the ones we tried. (The dessert cart at Guy Savoy, for example, is much better.) However, you're so full by that point it hardly matters!We got the wine pairing, which we were told adds to a little over a bottle per person! I would definitely recommend it. There are three tiers - I believe one is $300/person, one is $600, and one is $1000. There is no list, as they select the wines as they go, but the higher tiers have pricier wines. We chose the lowest tier since I didn't think we were sophisticated enough about wine to notice the difference, and we loved every wine we were served. The sommelier explained that they always start with a champagne, then go through mostly whites, a few reds toward the end, and then dessert wines.Ambiance is actually a little less stuffy than you would expect. They have a lot of couch seating, a well-lit chandelier, and dark purple colors which all add to a feeling of warmth. It is definitely quiet, but for that type of meal, it's a little nice. The service is fantastic, as you would expect. They all work as a team (we were served by about 6 different people throughout the evening) and as the meal takes quite some time, we got to know them really well throughout the night! We finally left at around 1:30am, and everyone was really nice about the fact that we were the last ones there.I wouldn't do the 16 course menu again until it changes, but I can't wait to go back!!!
5	We were invited as guests for a friend's father's birthday.  Due to circumstances, the father did not attend, but because we had a special event for 5 persons (even though there ended up only being 4) we were seated in the private dining room.Everyone ordered from the 4 course menu - with all the additional items: bread, candy, etc, etc - I can't even imagine having the 16 course menu.Our server was fabulous, the food was divine, drinks were on point.Definitely a place to visit in Vegas if you haven't been.
5	This is quite simply the best meal I've ever had. Definitely stop by if your a fan of truffles and have several hundred dollars to spend on them. I ended up spending around $1,200 on a dinner for two by adding truffles to just about everything..  so when they say the food is expensive, it's impossible to overstate how expensive it is. That said, I wouldn't do anything different. Excellent decor, superb service, and a once in a lifetime dining experience.
5	O man, where do I begin this experience? I called about a week ahead and it was really easy to get a table for a party of 4. They picked us up at our hotel with a limo and took us to the private entrance of the MGM mansion, which I guess only invited guests are allowed? Took a quick tour of the place and went to the restaurant. After we ordered our food, they brought out the bread cart and it was AMAZING! At least 10 selections of awesome breads with butter hand churned from England or something. Just amazing. Our dishes themselves were unbelievable, everything was just soo delicious. And we didn't need to order dessert at all, their dessert cart was amazing as well. Overall, we were full on a 3-4 course meal!
5	The only 3 Michelin ranked restaurant in Vegas!!! Worth very penny!!! All I think about is the amuse and yes it's that good! Oh and that frog leg that I can eat a dozen of easy. One more thing don't be cheap and get the 18 course tasting for goodness sake. It's Vegas... Act like it.
2	There is absolutely no reason to go to Joel Robuchon unless you're curious about what it's like to spend a lot of money for hit-or-miss food and service that does not resemble a 3-star Michelin restaurant in the slightest.I've eaten at L'Atelier Joel Robuchon in both Paris and LV.  I very much enjoyed both experiences.  I didn't feel like I over-spent for those experiences.  In fairness, I knew ahead of time that spending $435 for a 16-course tasting menu would probably be disappointing, because how could it not? It's $435 for a meal.  I was, however, hoping I might find something over the course of 3 hours to justify it.  The food: Within the 16 courses, I enjoyed the Le Caviar trio, the La Saint-Jacques (pan seared sea scallop), the Les Crustaces trio (crab and sea urchin, and I didn't actually like the sea urchin dish), Le Boeuf, and both desserts.  My sea bass was overcooked, and the foie gras in broth was one of the worst preparations of foie gras I've tasted; it was umami done wrong.  (L'Atelier has much better preparations.) The bread and sweets were pretty good, however.  But for $435 I should be lauding this place.  I had a better tasting menu at The Pass (non-Michelin rated) in Houston, and a better experience with service.The service: It made me question the last time Joel Robuchon was reviewed by the Michelin Guide.  There was no finesse or fluidity to service.  I was privy to loud whispers between waitstaff.  The bread tray was constantly hitting the back of where I was sitting on its way to-and-fro.  And, to top it off, when a waiter picked up the signed check from the patron to my left (who, admittedly, got a little snippy with waitstaff), I could see him roll his eyes and huff upon looking at the check.  As a diner, I should not see any of this at any Michelin rated restaurant, let alone a 3-star.  Look, all this Michelin star restaurant stuff can get  pretentious.  I keep exclaiming about it because I'm beginning to think the emperor has no clothes with a lot of these restaurants.  In particular, Joel Robuchon.  But I would go to either L'Atelier again.
4	Maybe French just isn't for me. We got the 16 course tasting menu, and since we had a rather large group, were placed in the small room to the side - the service was impeccable, if a bit formal (it was hard to get them to join in on our jokes or crack a smile when we directed them at the waiters),  half of the courses were mindblowing and the other half were meh, and my sea bass was overcooked. At the same time though, when it was good, it was amazing. I loved the foie gras salad, the caviar, which was served with yellowtail carpaccio, salmon tartare,  breads (bacon bread!), mushroom preparation, and pumpkin veloute, but the amuse bouche of green apple/grapefruit was probably one of the more off things I've ever tasted and everything else started blending into a mass of creamy dishes in my head and tongue. Which is sad, because if you have stuff like veal, lobster, and seared scallop at a 3-michelin star restaurant, hopefully they would be more memorable. The desserts were okay, I preferred the ganache to the coffee cake, and luckily since I'm a girl, I got chocolates for the next day in a gift bag when we left :)I can't complain though, dinner was comped for me. (Thanks!) I don't know if it would have been worth the money normally, as I enjoyed our dinner at Central Michel Richard the next night far more, but there were dishes that were very, very memorable at Joel Robuchon, and bites of those were almost transcendental.
5	A feast for the eyes as well as the stomach!! Hubby got the 16 course tasting menu and I got the 8 course menu but wished I got his instead. I kept on picking at his dishes.  The best bread and candy cart I've ever seen. Highly highly recommend...you'll enjoy the show!
4	This would be 5 stars but the service was not what I expected.  When you drop $1000 on what is arguably a culinary journey that should be on every foodie's bucket list I would think service would be stellar (not so much).  The food...the cheese cart...the desert cart...amazing.  If you call the Hotel they will send a complimentary limo and walk you through the exclusive MGM mansion on the way to the restaurant.
5	There's a reason it has 3 Michelin stars. I don't know what to say about this amazing place that hasn't already been said. Make sure your bank account is in good order, and if you're trying to do this place on the cheap (good luck with that) remember about tax and TIP for these awesome servers.
5	Everything is impeccable here. The food, the service, the pacing, just everything. One of my wife and I's favorite restaurants in the WORLD.
5	Amazing! Best restaurant in vegas! Bread selection is amazing as well as the dessert cart. Every dish was unreal. Very small and cozy but extremely elegant. Had an issue getting a table but the casino fixed it. Worth going once or all the time if you're rich!
2	Was there a year ago with a few friends, and Joel Robuchon Restaurant lost our reservations. At first they didn't want to accommodate us, but we showed them an email confirmation then they pushed us over to L'atelier. No apologies and the food wasn't worth the price (probably because of the bad first impression). They should have offered the same menu as the main restaurant even though we were seated at the other; it was their fault.
4	Having dined at l'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Saint Germain, Paris, I was curious to see how Chef Robuchon's more traditional fine dining offerings in Las Vegas would compare - I was not disappointed.  The Sixteen course tasting menu with second tier wine pairings was quite good. The wait staff were far more reserved than at any other michelin three star restaurant I've ever been to, but they did a great job none the less - the sommelier, however, was a lot of fun and brought out a few additional wines to taste with each dessert course.  The dining room is beautiful and nearly matches the space at alan ducasse au plaza athenee in Paris for aesthetic value. Dinner at Joel Robuchon is the best fine dining experience Las Vegas has to offer.
5	Ever wonder what it would be like to be one of those Iron Chef judges, getting to sample 8+ dishes that just looked absolutely mouth watering on screen?? Well now I do! My husband and I decided to live life dangerously so we both tried the 16 course tasting menu. With a price tag of $400+/person, this decision was not made lightly. We didn't even review what was included in the menu- we just wanted to be surprised and delighted. And surprised and delighted we were!! Each dish was elegantly masterfully crafted and created to please the palate and the senses. Puree of this, shaving of that, foam of this, with reduction of that... all combined perfectly to create a beautiful symphony of a meal. Not just saying that to justify to huge expense, but my husband and I really did enjoy every bite.... but if you don't dare try the 16 course taster, they are 6 courses and 3 course options + a la carte which doesn't put such a huge dent in your wallet....Plus, did I mention the Bread cart??? How about the dessert cart??? Amazing. Put those bad boys in park by my table and we'll be just fine :)
5	Chef of the Century. Enough said.Highlights of my meal:Bread cart - Yes, I asked for one of everything. Sweets cart - Yes, I also tried to ask for one of everything. I probably ate half the cart. Sabayon - The best dessert I have had in a while. The meal was fantastic. I can't think of any negatives to point out other than the fact that we were seated in the garden rather than the main dining room. The garden itself was still neat. It had a wall of living plants. I can't wait to try the Atelier next time I am in town.
4	Good Food cozy room but not what you would expect from such a high rated experience. Communication between the staff regarding bar drinks and wine was intolerably slow almost 25 minutes and the wine was great but the service aspect was amateur with this part of the evening. The food was wonderful very well described very heavy an after the 16th course I felt gluttonous but very well worth the eating experience at least once. We dined on a Saturday night at 9pm
5	Worth every penny.  (And there are a lot of them).
5	They say "money can't buy you happiness". Well, money my dear, can certainly make my tummy happy. 16 course meal, I can't even begin to list every item. 4 hour meals are best enjoyed with good company.  By the 10th course I was ready to unstitch my dress, take off my heels and call it a night. Of course being in vegas, bedtime is no time. My group of 8 girls really enjoyed their meal--with wine and lots of it. You'd think a bunch of skinny Asian girls wouldn't be able to hang. You're so WRONG! Service was superb. Decor elegant.
3	Best service I ever hadVery elegant dining roomFood was very good (not blown away by any means)With main dishes starting somewhere in 100$ - 150$ I expected significantly more for my money.To truly have Rubichon experience I would highly recommend the tasting menu but it is 435$ per person (wine not included).
5	Hands down one of the best meals I have ever eaten in my lifetime.  Kudos, standing ovation to the chef of the century Joel Robuchon.  Please try this restaurant at least once in your lifetime.  It should be anointed as the temple of culinary greatness.  First of all, the room is spectacular...every piece of furniture has this pleasant light purple color and the room is spectacular.  The service is top-notch and starts when you enter the restaurant till you exit the restaurant.  It is run like a well-oiled machine; every server, manager knows their task and does it to clockwork perfection.  In terms of the food...i don't know where to start..first the carts of food are amazing...the most extensive bread cart I have ever experienced in the states (of course 3 star michelin restaurants in paris have this)...over 20 types of different breads to choose from...The butter which is scooped off with a spoon is so soft and fluffy.  I chose the four course tasting menu that was diving..the highlight of the night was the signature lobster dumpling with truffles..the lobster was cooked to perfection and the bite on the lobster was crispy and the flavors were dazzling.  Each dish is a work of art in terms of presentation.  Please save room for Robuchon's signature creamy potato..although they only give you a spoonful..it is one of the richest, smoothest, and creamiest potatoes you will ever have.  This place even has A TEA CART..i got fresh lemon verbena tea leaves cut from a plant that was on the cart!  The dessert cart is amazing...i felt like charlie in the chocolate factory.  Overall a 3-4 hour experience that I want to live over and over again like groundhog's day.  Highly recommended and I would give 10 stars if I were allowed!! Perfection that's all I can say!
2	Robuchon is a world famous chef. However, this restaurant sucks!Overall 5/10 food 6/10 atmosphere 9.5/10 service 4/10 (worst Mechlin ever!) Don't waste money
5	One of two of the best restaurants in Vegas. My BF and I love the 16 course tasting menu. We do not get wine pairing, instead we order a reasonably priced bottle from the list and a cocktail to start, and that's enough. We will never tire of this restaurant. The service is unmatched. The food is the best french food in Las Vegas. And even though it is French, it just seems like super cool food. Nothing beats this place!
5	Not sure what else I can add to all the great reviews this joint has gotten, but here goes nothing. We ordered the 17 course tasting menu. I won't go over each course, but trust me when I say that they were all virtually flawless. I will, however, highlight my favorite parts of this dining experience.The service - impeccable and efficient. I've never seen a machine work so smoothly. The front and back waiters were exceptionally knowledgeable, warm and friendly. The only snootiness I detected was from the suited up captain. Luckily, all he did was present us with the menus and take our order.The Bread cart - outrageous and extravagant. Hands down, the best bread I've ever had.The butter - yes. You read correctly. The butter is imported from Brittany and had such a smooth, creamy texture and an almost yeasty, cheese-like taste.The caviar course - hamachi with baby radish, olive oil and lemon; corn pudding with cream; crab salad served in a caviar tin...all topped with golden osetra caviar. Nuff said.The cheese cart - they import their cheese from France (illegally I guess) and you can tell. I've never had cheese like this before. If there is ever a time to say OMG about anything, this is it. OH EM GEE.Again, not to disparage the other courses, but in the interest of time and nonboredomness (?), those were my favorites. A once in a lifetime meal.
5	It's considered one of the world's best restaurants fir a reason.  Excellent service and exquisite food. From the moment you enter the restaurant you begin to experience what a culinary masterpiece Mr. Robishon created. It was 3 hours of dishes prepared to perfection, the platings were visually stimulating and when you tasted the meals you immediately realize the care and attention to detail by which they were prepared. Although everything was amazing to eat, I have to say that their mashed potatoes are by far in a league thier own--sounds silly but when you try them you will understand. 5 stars is not enough.
5	Beyond superb for both the service and of course food. Truly an excellent dining experience! The ambience and decor was very romantic although I felt I had to whisper when i was talking because it was so so quiet even with a room full of people. We lucked out cuz it was white truffle season and 6 out if my 16 courses were generously graced with them. My fav dish was still the soft boiled egg done to perfection. It was just so perfect that I was wanting more. Will definitely be back... Although I'll prob cut down on the 16 courses next time.... Couldn't fit all that food in!
5	The most amazing desert ever. Joel Rebouchon Las Vegas. My god they put these restaurants in hotels these days!Near the end of a perfect meal (in a 3 star Michelin joint) Joel Rebouchon Las VegasSo it's pretty simple on the recipe for this one, take a delicious cold lemon curd fluff type thing and add amazing blueberry sorbet. Mix in some wonderful floral syrup and candied violet petals and then seal it in a perfect sphere of sugar. Not in my entire life, and i eat and travel alot, have i ever been this amazed by desert. The food before made space and time its bitch, effing amazing. The service, the bread cart, the butter cart, the candy/cookie cart, next to nothing. Those who say food is merely to "sustain life" have never lived. The suckling pig with white beans was the best food i've ever put into my face. Wait, have to mention the potatoes, served with main course. I guarantee, if there was a christian god, she would bathe in these. 2lbs Potatoes to 1lbs of butter, my god. the prior courses were good, but not spectacular so the finale was like the biggest fireworks display you've been apart of, slow to start, good, great, holy cow, to dear effing hey-zeus. There is a reason that the tire company rates restaurants and there's a reason this one of the best of them.Moral of the story is... If you ever have a chance to eat this well, you should try, just once, i on the other hand will do it as much as possible and maybe bring the wife next time.
5	This place has been on my bucket list for so long. From the outside the restaurant looks so much bigger than it is. Very intimate setting, booths on the corners of the room, a small patio area, and a few tables. When dinner can cost close to $1000 for 2 I guess they don't need much seating.With all the hype, I really didn't want to be disappointed. This was to be my first 3 michelin star experience, and it was everything I imagined it to be and more. I won't go over all the courses since many yelpers I'm sure have done that and in great detail with pictures to match. Service though was not pretentious like I thought it would be, although the maitre d' was French so maybe he came off just a liiiitle bit, but hey he's French right? We had many people helping us at different times so it was hard to discern who exactly was in charge of what but everything was explained and presented and timed perfectly. Each course was brought at the exact right time and service was impeccable. Bread cart was amazing, so many to choose from that I was glad that the server just told us they would bring an assortment out. Even the butter was amazing with the extra virgin olive oil. Portions were great, plating was beautiful, even the glassware and dishes they used were things I have never seen before. Petit fours cart was awesome as well after dessert, I just wish I had more room to eat them all. One thing that I HAVE to mention that I did think was funny though was that there was a picture of Al Gore in the restaurant that my date thought could be him, but  then figured it was a picture of Joel Robuchon at a younger age. When we asked one of the servers if it was Al Gore he said yes. We figured his picture was there because he was a frequent diner, but no. The server said one day he came in and the picture was just there, along with a picture of a young Dustin Hoffman. They both have never dined before and weren't regulars so he said he had no idea why those pictures were there or where they came from. I guess if you're Joel Robuchon and you want to put pictures of random celebrities in your restaurant you can do it, because dammit you are the French chef of the century so you can do whatever you want. We found it hilarious and had a loud chuckle at the table including the server. I think it made people uncomfortable around us. So I guess 5 stars for me, even if I have to dock some points for the 2 pictures, but everything besides that was perfect. I also asked for an extra book that they give you of all the courses you had with pictures and descriptions, I didn't want to have to fight my date to the death on who gets to keep it. I wouldn't be afraid to ask, they're very accommodating.
4	Every course was thoughtful and incredibly well composed. The exec chef also greeted us and a few tables in the main room. Overall service, however, was so so - wait staff spread too thin with a large party in the private room.
3	As an amateur food snob, we love to indulge in great food and amazing service. Reading that a majority of the reviews on YELP and elsewhere online were 5-stars, we decided on JR while we were in Vegas. Call to reserve  the complimentary limousine service- totally worth it and you get to experience the MGM Mansion entrance. Restaurant service was severely lacking. We waited for 15 minutes just for the wine/cocktail menu although we were the only table in the restaurant with one other party of 8 in a side room. Additionally, we had to ask for beverages and water refills.  When we asked the waiter to bring specific cocktails at the time of entree service, they arrived two courses early with the excuse that the dining room director instructed her to bring them early, which was awkward. Menu explanations were thorough as were the food descriptions at the time of service. The only true disappointment was the food. It just wasn't WOW worthy (typical of most French food). Plating was not creative nor inspirational.  The added caviar course was delicious, but how can you go wrong with caviar at $350/ounce??All in all, we do not think the universal experience was worth the $1,036 final bill (including 20% gratuity). L2O in Lincoln Park, Chicago still reigns supreme in all dining experiences (at 1/2 the cost of JR). Check out our review for L2O and make sure you visit if you're ever in Chicago!!
5	LOVE IT!My husand took me here on our "Second Honeymoon".  It was my first time to go to a restaurant of this calibur so I was very much impressed.The execution of the waiters and staff is flawless and the food is very good.I highly recommend the "tasting menu"!  Yes, it costs $800 Per person..yes, you heard right.. for the the tasting menu, but if you're going to come here, you will might as well go all out.  Make sure you put on a pretty dress and a fancy tie.Ladies: There is a little bench near your table.  At the time, I wasn't sure what it was for.  It looked like a foot stool but, it's actually for your purse.
5	Folks trust me when I tell you that it doesn't get any better than this!!! Everything, and I mean everything was unparalled. Words can't describe it, it's just something you have to experience. From the decor, the food, the service - it's simply the best. It's not food, it's art. All class.I loved it!!! Worth every penny. Can't wait to go back.
5	It's worth every expensive penny or actually $100 dollar bill ;)It is one of the longest most memorable event meal you will possibly have in your life.Forget it's Vegas it feels like the French high temple of cuisine.The bread Wagon is worth the visit alone.Choose anything or tasting  menu you won't be disappointed. Service is simply impeccable.
5	How could this place be anything but perfect? The entire experience was over the top, and when I felt as if there was no where left to go, we went over the top again. Spherical thin sugar skinned creamy blueberry dessert thing - that's all I can say. How do you get cream into a huge sugar sphere, that's hollow by the way...who knows. How do you make it taste amazing? Only they know. Every course, every bite, every trip to the bathroom....even the one where I decided it was time to loose the spanx, was incredible and memorable. It's maybe the most expensive dinner I've ever had, (maybe) Guy Savoy in Paris was crazy too, but this place was actually just as good, but the experience in Paris was better - it's Paris.So, yes, I recommend going at least once to experience this kind of "food" if you want to call it that - it is truly ART before it is food. The bread, the butter, the petite fours, the cheese, the everything. The atmosphere was quite stale, but not in a bad way...just understand that this place does swanky in a whole different way. It is not a loud place you go to to check out the scene or people watch. It is super quiet and discreet and rather boring from that perspective. Go here to fill your face and be prepared to pay a bill as big as your monthly mortgage, and don't flinch, just do it.
5	My husband and I were totally impressed by the dining experience. Everything, from good quality, presentation to service are top notch. This is our first time dining at a Michelin 3 star restaurant and Joel Robuchon definitely lives up to its reputation.
4	OMG.Such pleasant and patient service.The waiters and hostesses were awesome.The food was excellent.The balance of flavors, the freshness of the produce and the choice of menu options, all made this a very interesting and fun foody experience.The portions seemed so big. I was glad that I ordered just one entree because the the first 2 appetizers were so filling.I had fish for the main course and found it difficult to finish.Hubby got the 2 entree with cheese course option. He was elated. Everything was so much fun. Even the cheese cart was only rivaled by what we get in fine restaurants in France.There was so much food In fact, I couldn't possibly eat the amazing chocolate souffle (hubby ordered one). It was so incredibly light and fluffy, but also very large.So, the very kind waiter packed up a special treat for me to take home, in case I had room for dessert later in the evening.We enjoyed our evening emensely and will definitely be back.The only sad part of the night was finding out that they don't have real fois gras.they only have a terrine (pate) of fois gras :(  This was a huge disappointment!!and the reason why this restaurant gets only 4 stars. Please don't advertise what you can't deliver.
5	Dining here was definitely a magical experience.  From the attentive service staff, to the beautifully plated food, and the rolling carts, Joel Robouchon surpassed my expectations.  I dined here to celebrate my birthday and the chef even surprised me with a vacherin cake along side a beautifully crafted sugar sculpture.Yes this place is pricey...be ready to drop a grand easily on a meal for 2-3 people, but it is so worth it.  The menu changes 4 times a year to reflect the season so I will be back when spring comes around to taste his new creations.
5	I've been waiting a long time to have the opportunity to dine at J.R. I am highly critical when it comes to dining at this level  simply because unparalleled service, food and ambiance must be delivered when you are spending over $800 a couple for dinner. The experience at J.R met every expectation I had and more. I can go into a long dissertation about every aspect of the meal but I'll save you the time by simply saying that if you are a food & wine enthusiast you will be in heaven from start to finish. On another note, you got to love yelp because everyone gets a chance to spew their two cents. Reading a 1-star review by Bin Z is laughable and just shows you that not everything is for everyone. Some folks should stick to the Cheesecake factory for their special dining experience...
5	If you haven't been, you must, I have been multiple times both to L'atalier and To this high indexing restaurant.You won't find a better prepared team, and more tasteful menu, and a better ambiance in the world.Serious diners only, bring your pocketbook, this is a World Class Dining experience.I have done the tasting menu and have hosted a 14 course Krug dinner.  All of the experiences I have had are top notch.The bar at Roubochon, just off the entrance to the left is the best kept secret for an amazing cocktail in the US.Bon appetit!
3	Joel Robuchon is a good restaurant, but not a superior restaurant.  When I go to a 3 Michelin Star restaurant for the first time, I expect the meal to be filled with wonder and amazement.  My expectations were not met here.  I will say my Michelin Star restaurant experience, prior to coming here has been limited to most of the places in NYC and a few blocks away at Guy Savoy (which I feel is a better restaurant).  I had the 16 course tasting menu and everything was beautifully plated, but I did not have 1 "WOW" moment.  I also didn't understand the egg dish.  It was just a rubbery poached egg that was VERY round.  The bread cart was nice, but not superior.  The only item I felt like they did an exceptional job on was the full sized baguette, but at the end of the day, I didn't pay a large sum of money to eat bread.  I have the same comments about the dessert cart.  My plate was filled with items that I only nibbled on.  There was not one item I felt compelled to finish.       The previous sentence sums up my feelings on Joel Robuchon, it is nice, but I do not feel compelled to return.  Service was very good and decor was definitely the best out of any restaurant I have ever been in.
5	Truly, one can see anything at a high end restaurant - in this case... statuesque, overdone tall young ladies with copious makeup, walking awkwardly in stiletto heels with a group of much less decadently dressed older gentlemen...And yet it did nothing to distract from the absolutely stunning meal and service that Robuchon provides.  I've now been to four of Joel's establishments - Atlanta (now closed), NYC (now closed), L'atelier in Hong Kong (now expanded).  I'm not sure why some open and other close, but it's certainly not because the food is poor in quality.This particular meal was the Menu A with 2 appetizers, 2 mains and a dessert.  The Amuse Bouche was a Beet Gazpacho - the cheese that served as the contrast to the sweet beet added a fullness to the already complex beet that gave the gustatory tension that one expects from this class of cuisine.  I had the bacon bread and a croissant as opening breads, served from an old-world bread cart brimming with fresh, warm goodness.The appetizers I tried were the caviar on crab and truffle/lobster ravioli.  Both were excellent, though I was a bit overwhelmed with the fullness of the bed of crab meat.  The truffle lobster ravioli was a good example of the near-fusion that Joel's dishes often have - flavours very reminiscent of asian dumplings in my book, which is not a disparaging remark in the least.For the mains, I had the black cod which was moist and very welcome to the palate followed by truffled spaghetti.  Gloriously decadent, resplendent with razor thin wafers of tartufo nero (truffe noir), it was satisfying to the point of overwhelming.  Topped off with a glass of sabayon and berries, the meal was spectacular.  One can argue with the exact emphasis in any given dish, but there is unmistakable attention to detail and intentionality to every morsel.Sumptuous violet couches, flowers with silvered glasses and grays yields a suitable backdrop to the dining and meticulous service.Fully worth the price, and an intense enough an experience to ignore stranger patrons(patronesses).
5	There aren't many details that others haven't said already but wanted to chime in that this was probably the best meal me and my wife have ever had. Although quite expensive and not for everyone, the 16 course meal was heavenly. I went with the standard option and my wife with the vegetarian, both meals with some overlapping items were delicious and beautifully presented. Service was impeccable.Some side points include making sure you leave yourself 3-4 hours for the meal. Opting to get some tea with infused herbs was a good choice. The only critique would be that the bread cart did not live up to my expectations but maybe I chose the wrong ones to sample (it seemed that Guy Savoy's was better).
5	Basically the best restaurant you will ever eat at (I preferred it over French Laundry).  We usually do one over the top restaurant in Vegas each time.  Last time was Picasso, this time Joel Robuchon.  Let me break down how amazing the restaurant is for you:ServiceThis is high-end French dinner theatre.  When you order bread, it's not a hand-carried tray of bread.  No sir.  It is a cart of ~20 breads.  And the butter to go with it?  Also on a cart, under a dome of glass.  They gently carve off a spiral of butter from a monument of butter, carefully sprinkle salt over it, and accompany it with some EVOO.If you have been a waiter before, you will find no errors in hand placement, serving, bussing, etc.  It's all perfection.  They seem to operate as a team of lead waiter, back waiter and busser - which is typical in fine dining.FoodI did the 3 course (Amuse-bouche, entree, dessert) and left more than full.  I am not sure how I could handle any more courses.  While each course was appropriately sized (think French restaurant), the food was filling and flavorful.  And of course, once you add in bread and the second 'wave of desserts' - you are looking at a good amount of food.DecorThe restaurant is beautiful.  We sat along a wall which featured different live plants, cascading down the wall.  The contrast from the casino floor could not be more dramatic.  Every interior decor detail was amazing (seat, pillow, table cloth, charger, plate, glass, etc.).  It's an experience that is refreshing and has a strong point-of-view.ValueWell it depends on how you order and how you define value.  Certainly the secret pizza place at the Cosmo is your best price:quality on the strip.  So I struggle here.  It's obviously a $$$$ restaurant, but it's also impeccable service, food and decor.  I would say this is a strong mark for them, but don't come here looking for value.OverallBest dining experience I can remember.  I eat out a lot, often at high-end restaurants.  This takes the cake for me as far as the combination of food, service and decor/ambiance.
3	The restaurant seemed out of place at MGM.  It would have been better suited at an upscale casino like Aria, Wynn, or Bellagio.  But, we went there anyway.  The presentations were amazing.  I can see over paying for food combinations, expertise, art, etc.  But, the drinks were also way overpriced.  It was 30-40% more expensive for scotch than getting identical drink at a bar 100 yds away.  Wine list was exceptional.  Many quality half bottle selections.  It was excellent.  But, not flawless.  They forgot our cheese course after we ordered it!  Food was amazing, but overall, not worth the investment.  Amazing food, just not worth $300 a head before drinks.I would rather eat 3 times a another premium restaurant.  Disappointed.
5	This being our first (and much anticipated) visit, we wanted to get the full experience, so we opted for the 16 course tasting menu for around $400 per person.  We also got a wine pairing, which is priced in tiers (around $250, $500, and $1000 per person, I believe).  We opted for the middle tier and the wines were outstanding, I can't even imagine what the top tier must be like!Le Pain (the bread) - this is not your ordinary bread selection.  There are at least 15 types of bread offered including baguettes, puff pastry, basil or saffron brioche, and much more.  When you have made your (unlimited) selections, the servers warm them for you then shave a piece of butter off of a huge block (that gets its own cart) and sprinkle it with sea salt for you.  I could make a whole meal out of this bread cart, no joke.La Cerise (the cherry) - cherry gazpacho with sheep ricotta ans pistachios.  Light and refreshing.La Tomate (the tomato) - salad of tomato with basil infused olive oil, tomato gelee topped with mozzarella.  We were instructed to place the tomato onto the gelee and eat them together.  A deconstructed caprese salad - this was interesting and tasty.Le Caviar - three courses served at once - red turnip and butter coated radish with yellowtail carpaccio and caviar, chilled cauliflower veloute with bonito gelee and caviar, caviar and couscous maki roll.  This was one of the standout courses of the evening (how could it not be?), especially the carpaccio.La Grenouille (the frog) - crispy frog leg, roasted garlic, parsley coulis.  Very meaty and succulent - this was one of my favorites.La Saint-Jacques (name of a traditional French scallop dish) - seared scallop in a cauliflower veloute for me and a green curry for DH.  At the beginning of the meal, they ask for food allergies/preferences.  I specified "no cilantro", so they made a substitution for me.  They are very gracious and courteous about this.Les Crustaces (the crustaceans) - three courses served at once - truffled langoustine ravioli with foie gras foam, sea urchin on potato puree with coffee, grilled spiny lobster medallion with herb sabayon.  This was one of the best courses, if not THE best, of the evening (especially the ravioli, which is one of their signature dishes).Les Petit Pois (the little peas) - delicate green pea cream on top of foie gras with argan oil.  I enjoyed this much more than the earlier cherry soup.Le Saumon (the salmon) - a perfectly medium salmon filet with grain mustard and mango "tagliatelle".  Another of my favorites.Le Boeuf (the beef) - pepper crusted rib eye with capers, peppers, and mushrooms.  I was so full at this point that I could not eat more than a bite of this, but DH loved it.Le Soja (the soybean) - soy risotto with lime and chives.  We were both too full to eat much of this.La Fraise (the strawberry) - a caramel panna cotta with fresh strawberries, balsamic reduction, and creme fraiche foam.  Kind of like a deconstructed strawberry shortcake.  I don't know if it was because the end was in sight, or the change from savory to sweet - but we were both able to recover a little bit and finish these last 2 courses.Le Citron (the lemon) - honey gelee and a light lemon cream finished with a spiced red fruit coulis, yum.Le Moka, Les Mignardises (the coffee, the small desserts) - Lastly, we were presented with this beautiful cart from which we could take whatever we wanted.Stuffed to the brim, but a wonderful and beautiful experience!I would love to return, but considering how full we got and how sick I was that night because of it, I would order differently.  The 16 course is a wonderful way to experience all that they have to offer, but it is just too much (especially with the wine pairing).  Next time, I will order the 6 course menu where I can choose my favorite dishes and still take advantage of the marvelous bread and petit fours cart.  The 6 course menu also includes the cheese cart which the 16 course did not (which made me sad, but there was no way that I would have had room for it anyway).  I have also heard that you can split 1 wine pairing between 2 people, which would be a much more reasonable amount than what we had.
4	Tasting menu highlights: I have never seen more intricate or more beautiful presentation of food. We were hesitant to dive in and dismantle their creations. Le caviar trio plate was their best for flavor, the rest are not as memorable. My friend had the dinner course and had the sugar sphere for dessert which was pretty good too. Note to self to order their signature dish next time: langostine ravioli?And well if you love cheese, the cart is amazing...and definitely do the blue cheese.Wine list: quite extensive but normal selection as compared to other fine dining establishments.
5	Let me start off saying that 2 years ago my husband and I had a spectacular dinner at L'Atelier by Joel Robuchon and finally got the "Time" to visit Joel Robuchon.We got a limo service and a nice tour inside the mansion of Robuchon which was very memorable and the hostess escorted us to the dining area. Decore: In comparison to L'Atelier this place was much more chic and elegant. However, I still loved the idea to see all the chefs preparing and decorating my plates at L'Atelier.  In other words, great ambiance.Food: This time we decided to go with the $275 Menu per person since 16 course is always a bit too much and good thing we did so. Amuse Bouche was beet gazpacho soup and it was remarkable. Since we were with 4 people we decided on getting different dishes to taste most of them. We got 2 appetizers, 2 entrees per person and a dessert. The entrees that I picked were Chilean Seabass and Beef Cheeks. Let me tell you Im not really sure if I loved the seabass but the beef cheeks were the best I've ever had, it melted in my mouth and I took the taste with me. The dessert was Sugar Sphere that included sorbet inside which was also super delicious and refreshing. Plating of all the dishes was out of this world detailed and beautiful. We got a bottle of 100 yrs special Martel Cognac and it perfectly complemented our choices of food including the Black Cavier and Foie gras dishes. The service was impeccable, we had the cheese tasting and bread cart would constantly offer to refresh our bread basket... In other words, yes you do want to experience Joel Robuchon's 3 Michelin star restaurant and yes you will get your money's worth through experience, elegance, luxury and of course a taste of art.
5	Can't believe that I've written 399 reviews already. To celebrate the 400th review, I saved it for one of the best meals/experience I ever had. Its no wonder the man is named Chef of the Century. His namesake restaurant incorporates attention to food and service like no other restaurant I've been to. After reading reviews from fellow yelpers, I knew I had to call a week ahead to ask for a limo reservation.  On the night of our reservation, a gold limo came to pick us up at the Mandalay Bay. It drove us to the MGM and dropped us off right in front of the secret entrance to the MGM residences in the back of the hotel. We got a quick glimpse of the place as we walked through it. The garden courtyard, looked like an outdoor garden, was actually indoors. Our hostess told us a night in one of these rooms start at $10K. I guess I'll just stick with the free walkthrough of the place instead. The walkthrough eventually leads us back to the general public casino of the MGM, right next to Joel Robuchon and L'Atelier. Our hostess took our coats and brought stools for all the ladies' purses. Our servers quickly brought us menus and took our drink orders. Once all our orders were taken, the magic began! First up was the butter and olive oil cart. Prepared tableside, the server scrapes two layers of butter and sprinkles fleur de sel on it carefully. He explained that the butter was from Britain. Next he pours olive oil from spain into small bowls. Next up was the bread cart! I think I ate about 6 or 7 different kinds of bread. I already told myself not to eat too much in order to save room for the rest of the meal, but the bread was just so irresistible! My faves were the Milk bread, Basil bread, Bacon bread, Croissant and the Cheese brioche (in no particular order). The first time they bring the bread cart around to take everyone's order, they'll actually bring the bread back to the kitchen to warm it up. Afterwards, they just bring an assorted tray around to see if anyone wants more bread. The ones on the tray don't get warmed up! They came by 4 times to offer us more bread throughout the meal. Our amuse bouche for the night was beets soup with marscapone cheese. I don't like beets, but even I found this to be quite delicious! The presentation and choice of serving ware was spot on. For the appetizer, I had the Lobster with truffle. It came with three huge pieces of perfectly cooked lobster, topped with three big pieces of winter truffles. The sauce complimented the lobster perfectly without overpowering the flavor of the truffles. The next appetizer I had was the Crispy soft boiled egg with truffles. The egg was perfect, with yolk slowly oozing out as you cut into it! For my entree, I had the chicken with foie gras. This dish required an extra supplement, which I think is totally worth it since California no longer has foie gras available. The chicken and foie gras come served in a big pot, and is presented to you tableside as the server carefully plates the contents onto a plate for you. The chicken was so juicy and moist, and the foie gras was so rich. My only complaint was that the sauce was a bit salty for my taste. For dessert, I had the Herb sorbet with sabayon. This was the perfect palate cleanser. So refreshing yet the perfect sweet ending to the meal. One of my friends ordered the sugar sphere with orange mousse. This was an amazing presentation. The clear and shiny sphere of sugar was filled with orange mousse. It was really too beautiful to crack open to eat! And of course the best part of the meal, the dessert cart, comes to finish off our experience here. The cart has over 40 things. By the time the server went through everything on the cart, I already forgot what were the items he mentioned in the beginning. But he was so patient with us and answered our questions as we pointed and asked him what certain items were again and again. The cart has small candies and chocolates, to french macarons, to lollipops and marshmallows, to even small desserts (creme brulee, panna cotta). I felt like a little kid in a candy store! My favorite items were the yuzu truffle, the blueberry cheesecake bite, and the pineapple pop. Before our meal came to an end, the server brought all the ladies at the table a gift bag. It came with a loaf of cake and a glossy picture book of the dishes at the restaurant (some of them were the ones we ate). When we were about ready to go, we let the hostess know for her to get the limo ready. Once the limo arrived, she walked us back through the MGM residences to our limo which took us back to the Mandalay Bay. Overall, this place is worth every single penny. The experience as a whole was flawless. Service was spot on, food was beyond expectations, and presentation of everything was a masterpiece. Every dish looked too beautiful to eat! I definitely will be coming back to try the 16 course!
5	Great food and great service. Yes, very expensive but you pay for the entire food, service, and experience.  Watching the wait service with their bread, cheese, and dessert carts are fun. Some reviewers complain about the service being subpar. Fortunately for me, I did not experience that at all.  They were all superb
5	Had the tasting menu back in Nov 2012.  The entire experience was heavenly, we paid out the nose but whatever, it was worth it.  If you must pick only one fancy dinner during your stay in Vegas, I'd vote for Joel Robuchon in a heartbeat.  Guy Savoy is a close second, and e by Jose Andres is in an entirely different category of fine dining so you should do that too... you know what? just do all 3 and let the kids pay for their own damn college tuition!
4	***Joel Robuchon is considered by some as one of the best restaurants in the U.S.; I think the food here is good and the bread and mignardises trolleys provide a luxurious abundance you just cannot get elsewhere, but I actually prefer L'atelier de Joel Robuchon next door; that Robuchon restaurant serves much more contemporary, creative, vibrant, and lighter French cuisine***Because of its three Michelin stars rating (back when Michelin used to rate Vegas restaurants), Joel Robuchon is a restaurant many seek out for a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.  I dined at Joel Robuchon a few years ago and I thought it was good but not as good as other great high-end restaurants I have tried in San Francisco and Chicago (I would also put it below the two L'atelier de Joel Robuchon restaurants I have tried--one in Vegas and another in Tokyo).As good as Michelin is at selecting truly special restaurants, it still gives a little too much praise to restaurants from legendary French chefs like Joel Robuchon, Guy Savoy and Jean-Georges Vongerichten.  For me, these acclaimed French restaurants feel like places where the celebrity chef is not really there that often.  In addition, the food at these French spots just feel outdated and heavy and nowhere near as exciting as the progressive cuisine that restaurants like Manresa, Saison, wd~50, and Graham Elliot serve.I did think the bread trolley and mignardises trolleys at Joel Robuchon on my first visit were very exceptional--both of these trolleys did deliver the kind of great flavors and textures as well as luxurious presentation that you just cannot find elsewhere (even at great restaurants).  My first trip to Joel Robuchon was for their tasting menu and it was way too much food and it kind of dulled the experience.My dinner the second time around was a smaller set menu and it actually resulted in a more enjoyable experience even if the food was nowhere near the quality and creativity of The French Laundry or Quince.Dinner started with a refreshing gazpacho served with creamy burrata and really good extra virgin olive oil.  Next up was a good salad of leafy greens, artichokes, shaved foie gras torchon (creamy, savory and meaty), crostini, and shaved Parmesan.A warm, sweet and velvety kabocha veolute was the next course.  It was garnished with really good roasted chestnuts, mushrooms and truffle.The fish course was smoked and then roasted black cod.  The fish flaked very nicely and easily.  The fish was very soft and moist.  I enjoyed the light eggplant puree sauce that the fish sat in; the eggplant puree sauce was brightened up by good yuzu.  The fish was topped with good asparagus.The meat course was a braised beef cheek wrapped in pasta; it was served with nicely braised winter vegetables, red miso and ginger.  The beef cheek was good; it was very savory, juicy, tender, and quite rich.  The beef cheek was finished off with Joel Robuchon's signature mashed potatoes, which were rich, buttery, thick, smooth, and creamy (the staff at all of Robuchon's restaurants tout this side and it is very memorable for such a simple starch).Dessert was a fragrant green chartreuse sabayon with refreshing herb sherbet and a nice hazelnut praline at the bottom (mostly sweet but also a little bit salty and a great crispy, wafer-like consistency).The dinner ended with some good mignardises of mini macarons, chocolates, truffles, pate de fruit, and canele.Service was very good--professional and polite but also friendly (I felt the service was much more personable on this visit).The dining room has kind of an over-the-top luxurious look with purple contrasting strongly with black as well as chandeliers.Prices are very high (even for Vegas standards), but there are a few menu options including the ability to get just 3 or 4 courses; this might be more than enough food given the generous amount of complimentary breads and mignardises served here.I enjoyed my experience at Joel Robuchon more this time because the food felt a lot lighter.  Still, the food at Joel Robuchon feels dated in parts and for a high-end French restaurant, I prefer the more modern but still classically French Melisse in LA or the French seafood restaurant Le Bernardin where the seafood and sauces both really stand out (even if the food feels slightly dated there too).  If Joel Robuchon is one you have been wanting to try for a long time, I would say that it is worth a try though I would opt for one of their less expensive menus.If you are just looking for a really good French restaurant, I would suggest L'atelier de Joel Robuchon next door, which serves French cuisine very much inspired by classic French dishes but also with a lighter, more vibrant, more contemporary, and more creative style.Joel Robuchon is located in the MGM Grand.  Like other major hotels and casinos on The Strip, the MGM Grand offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
1	What a joke. If you are impressed by gold garnish & truffles and think a soft boiled egg for $26 is worthy of the highest rating for a restaurant then this is your place. Everything was good except for the food.  16 course tasting menu, nothing was impressive except the bill. Not worthy of even on Michelin star. I've eaten at better places. The two star Providence in LA should have five stars compared to this place. Jokes on me. Don't waste your time & money. There are better places than this in LV.
5	Our awesome butler at the Skylofts got us last minute reservations here on Valentine's Day weekend.  Joel Robuchon has been on our list of restaurants to try and it did not disappoint, this is fine dining at its best :)Ambiance: 5 stars, the decor is classy, full of dark purple plush sofas and chandeliers with orchids everywhere.  It's very romantic :)Service: 5 stars, from start to finish the wait staff was on hand and was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menuFood:-Bread Cart: OMG this bread trolley...I can just eat from this and this alone.  There are dozens of selections from bacon bread, classic baguettes, cheese bread etc. Go for the bacon bread!-Amuse bouche: a cold beet concoction that was supposed to wake up your pallet; it actually did! -First course: Spicy Lobster with caviar, this dish was decadent and the lobster was so fresh and juicy! They also put real 24k gold flakes in there...lol..fancy fancy.                     Pumpkin soup: tiny portion but it was flavorful-Second course: Beef cheeks: Tender and delicious, and the whipped potatoes they served with it was so good!!                    Pork with truffles: This dish was a tad salty -Dessert: Their dessert cart was out of this world.  If you like sweets you will NOT be disappointed!  I highly recommend the dark chocolate truffles, the macaroons...actually just try anything that catches your eye hahaOverall: 5 stars!  The price for the 3 course was $169, we both had the 3 course with some wine and our dinner bill was around $500.  It was worth every penny though! The price for the 16 course was over $400 a person, however, the older couple next to us had the 16 course and they assured us it was divine.  We will probably try that next time for a special occasion.Location: In the MGM Grand next to KA.  I heard if you are staying at another hotel you can arrange for a gold limo to come pick you up in case you want to feel like a baller :)
2	My husband and I ate here last night and I was disappointed and felt taken advantage of.  The experience as a whole was lovely, from the limo to the decor to the service.  But nothing - nothing - I ate blew me away, and I certainly did not leave feeling like the nearly $700 bill for the two of us was close to worthwhile.I will also add that my experience was very tainted by the fact that the moment we sat down, before we were given a wine list or cocktail menu, we were offered a glass of champagne.  Obviously we should not have accepted without requesting the menu first, but I was shocked to find that they automatically served us $45/glass Veuve without ever telling us that was what we were drinking or hinting at the price.   Nor was my husband informed that the tiny vegetable starter he ordered had a $50 surcharge when they asked him if he wanted to add bone marrow to it. I realize that for some people who dine at JR, money is no object.  And although we went there expecting to spend a lot, I did not feel that it was well spent.(I will add that when we questioned the bone marrow surcharge, it was graciously removed from the bill.  We did not say anything about the Veuve but I  suppose I was still in too much shock.)
2	First of all, no.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  No.  No, no.  I don't even know where to start.  I had really been looking forward to eating at Joel Robuchon since we booked our trip to Vegas a few months ago.  Last year we enjoyed a lovely dinner at Sage (at the Aria), and I was hoping we could top that experience by dining at the "best" restaurant in Las Vegas.  I must say the atmosphere and service were good.  However, now that the evening is over, that is the only positive thing I can say about Joel Robuchon.  As soon as we were seated, we were offered an aperitif (we had not even been given a wine or cocktail list.)  We said yes, but were horrified when we received the bill and had been charged 90 dollars for two glasses of champagne.  I have now read prior reviews complaining of the same thing, and I wish I had done so prior to our dinner.  It is not the cost of the drink (as I have ordered myself such a glass before), it is the fact that I felt as though they were trying to keep it from us.  Of all the fine dining I have done, this has never been a situation I have been in.  We were then asked if we would like sparkling or still water (in which we chose still) and were again shocked with a 30 dollar charge for freaking WATER!  I know Vegas is running short on water, but I mean, come on people!   The food was good, but certainly nothing to write home about.  I have had the pleasure of eating at some of the finest restaurants in the country (Alinea, Le Bernardin, etc.) and have NEVER regretted a moment of those experiences.  I literally slept like crap last night running over and over in my mind how I felt we had been totally SCAMMED.  I have no problem paying 400 dollars pp for a meal, but I would have a problem paying even just 30 dollars when I feel like I have been cheated, as I felt at Joel Robuchon.  Truthfully, it just seems sleezy to me and a bit desperate.Please, heed my advice and avoid this restaurant.  If you are truly interested in mind blowing food, this is not the restaurant for you.  If you are interested in saying you ate at one of the most expensive restaurants in the country and don't care about the food or being taken advantage of, knock yourself out.
5	Absolutely the finest dining experience I have ever had. We went with a group of six. Somehow, we worked it out to get a limo to pick us up and bring us in via the private Villa entrance at MGM Grand where the hostess met us. She walked us to the front door of Robuchon, and after dinner, she walked us back. The food is absolutely indescribable, so I won't try. What struck me most was how friendly and accommodating the entire staff was. I took the hit and told our waiter that we're all somewhat new to this level of fine dining, and he took the time to explain all the ins and outs of the menu. He offered excellent suggestions, and the team of attentive servers made us feel welcome and cared for, from the refilling of wine glasses to providing short stools for the ladies' purses. Absolutely EVERY detail is accounted for!The evening was an entire experience from pick up to dessert.  Unbelievable service, unbelievable food. Just a great experience altogether. I've read many complaints about the prices and the "hidden" charges of water or champaign or whatever. I experienced none of that. In fact, the three ladies in our party even left with complimentary gift bags with chocolate. There were ZERO surprises in cost, and I never felt cheated or scammed. Yes, it was very expensive, but hey, (1) it's Vegas; (2) it was a special ocassion; (3) it's not something I will repeat often.If you can swing the cost--and it is a HIGH cost--definitely do it at least once!
5	The only 3 Michelin stars rated restaurant where I've had the pleasure of dining at twice! Joel Robuchon is the restaurant that created the foodie monster in me & Peter. We came here by accident. I know, that doesn't sound right. Peter thought he was making a reservation at Bouchon & being uneducated in the Michelin rated restaurants at the time...thought Joel Robuchon and Bouchon were the same lol!A limo came to pick us up from our hotel. We were taken on the little stroll inside The Mansion (mind blown) and into the restaurant. We were stuck in awe of everything. The food was incredible, service was wonderful! At the end of the night, I thought it was only a dream to come back.The second time around, we knew what we were up against. Armed with more culinary knowledge, we felt at ease while dining. Food wasn't as wonderful as we had remembered, but the first time was our first time having fine dining in general. Nevertheless, food was great and we left satisfied. Even snapped a pic with Chef Claude :)
5	The 16 course tasting menu was "Heaven on Earth"! My wife and I were felt taken care from beginning to end.  The entire Joel Robuchon experience began with the complimentary limo ride from our Hotel.  As you depart your limo to the private entrance of  "The Mansion" at MGM, you are greeted by several members of the staff.  The first thing you notice is the attention to detail.  One staff member's responsibility is to escort you as you travel from The Mansion through the secluded entrance of the hotel to Joel Robuchon.  There are nice "handoffs" between members of their staff, so you always feel like you're being taken care of. We had a 6:00pm reservation, and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  When I had made my reservation, I had indicated that we were celebrating my Wife's birthday and I requested a private corner table.  To my splendid surprise, they were able to accommodate and we were seated in one of the dining rooms off to the side of the main dining room.  The decor was very beautiful!  There were ivy plants growing along the tall wall and a large bed of flowers. Now...on to the food. I highly recommend the 16 course tasting menu.  The nice thing to note about this fine establishment is that not everyone in your party needs to order the same thing.  My wife knew she could not get through 16 courses, so she opted for the 6 course a la carte menu (still $195).  I, on the other hand, selected the 16 course tasting menu.  At $395, this is by far the most expensive meal I have ever paid for, but then again how often do you get the chance to dine at one of the most renowned restaurants in the world.  Every single dish was done to perfection.  I have to say that the staff was very attentive and my wife and I never felt that they were eyeing us like hawks.  They were not intrusive at all (unlike what some reviewers have mentioned).  I am actually glad that our reservations were early because if you choose the 16 course menu, you will be there for a while.  From the amuse bouche, to the elaborate bread cart, to the courses themselves, and the desserts at the end, I have to say there is not a single thing I can complain about.  In fact, because I had mentioned it was my wife's birthday when I made the reservation, they even came out with a cake and candle for her!  We didn't get the entire cake, but they gave us 2 slices (on the house)!When we completed our dining experience, we were escorted back through the hotel to The Mansion where we had entered and into the limo back to our hotel. Bottom line:  most expensive meal I have ever had, but well worth every penny!
4	My first time enjoying cuisine of this caliber and style.  I would not call it my fine dining of choice but nevertheless a great experience. Got to dine here on NYE.  The bread platter set the high tone for the multi course meal. Standouts were the caviar that came with crabmeat under in the little tins, and 'Le Copain' (sp?) the castrated chicken.  Dessert topped it all off with a special creme in a sugar sphere.  Never seen a place like this before. Hope to get back here one day, and in the private room.
5	I was here for my birthday this past weekend, and it was incredible.  My husband and I both did the 16 course L'Hiver (winter) menu, which we prepared for my eating very little all day. The service was impeccable (one of the servers even recognized us from a previous visit), and the sommelier Niko (pronounced Niku) was exceptionally helpful recommended wines we'd like based on our preferences.I have to be honest though, as good as the food is, my favorite part of dining here is the bread cart selections, and the butter and olive oil are the best tasting I've ever had.  I would be happy to eat just bread and butter here all night! :) This is truly a bucket list/once-in-a-lifetime/very special occasion place that I cannot recommend more highly.  Yes, it is expensive.  Yes, there's a dress code.  It's worth it, I guarantee it!
5	My first 3 star and I thought each dish was well thought out and fascinating.16 course is a MUST so go big or dont go at all!
5	Hands down best restaurant in vegas, If you can afford it, try it, at least once.
2	I went with my boyfriend for dinner for my birthday we had reservations at 6:45 pm. We arrived early and the restaurant wasn't very busy. The hostess seated us at a two top table in the farthest corner of the garden terrace room. It was basically the worst table in the entire restaurant. We asked to be moved to a different table just to hear that it was reserved. Not sure what the difference is since we had a reservation in place for weeks. We sat down and waited for 15 minutes before some one took our cocktail order. I ordered a scotch chilled and the waiter says "you mean chilled as in chilled, shaken and poured" I guess if I would've said it in French it would've made sense. Is "chilled" so hard to understand. Anyway we realized that the service was not going to be efficient so we asks for some bread just to be told that we cannot have any bread until we ordered our meals. That there was a "sequence" they had to adhere to. It's a little crazy that we were about To spend over a thousand dollars on a meal and we had to listen to the bread nazis about sequence. Our meals had included black truffles which by the way have been out of season since the end of January, needless to say the truffles were tastless and hardly worth the "supplemental" additional charges. When it was time for the cheese which we ordered for two we noticed another couple sat at the same shitty table we sat at opposite the room they were obviously not happy with the seating so they asked to move to the booth we wanted and were moved with no question.  The same hostess that sat us said without hesitation "oh sure no problem" and they were sat at the booth. I guess it was only "reserved" when we asked. I could go on about this overpriced French pretentious joke of a restaurant but I will just sit and continue to wait for our dessert. Did I mention I wrote this entire review while sitting here waiting for some one to clear our plates. Horrible service. Will not dine here again
4	I took six of my employees here to experience their signature menu with wine pairing.  This was not an inexpensive endeavor.  Counting tip $5,600 and change.  This being said it was a very enjoyable experience.  Ambiance and service were superb.  Bread cart was a delight.  Suggest you let the attendant provide you with an assortment instead of picking a particular bread.  There are just too many good ones.  The universal favorite dish was the lobster on the shellfish trio.  Another favorite was the risotto topped with gold leaf.  There really was not a bad course some just stood out more than others.  By the time the signature desert cart rolled around, I was looking for things that could fit in my pocket as I couldn't eat another bite.  Fortunately they had wrapped caramels that did the trick.  Right before departing, we were each given a gift bag with a copy of the menu and a delightful lemon cake.  Couple of other points of note, wine pairings were well done and they were not stingy on refilling glasses.  We opted for 5:30 reservations and did not depart until 10:30.  Five hours of eating and drinking.  I make this point because for me at least it would not necessarily be enjoyable for a date night.  We needed a group for long long of a period of time.  Last but not least, while I was expecting and willing to pay the 400 plus for food person and an extra almost 300 per person for wine pairing, there was one charge that caught me off guard and actually bothered me a great deal.  When we were initially seated, a waiter came around with a bottle of champagne and asked if we would like a glass.  The three of us who arrived early happily obliged.  When the bill came these were not only included but were $45 per glass.  Might seem like a small thing to many of you but to me this was not handled correctly.  You don't come around with an open bottle of champagne and offer without revealing there is a charge and a significant charge at that.  I have been to many a nice restaurant and this was a first.  Would have received five stars if not for this.
4	This long overdue review is for all three times I've been here.  I guess the best way to do this is to review each visit:1.  June 2009:  FIVE STARS, hands down, and up to this point one of the best meals of our lives.  Exquisite service, ambience, decor, everything.  We weren't brave or hungry enough to go the whole hog and do the 16-course Degustation, so we ordered one step below.  If I remember correctly, my husband and I enjoyed 6 amazing courses, not to mention the delectable bread, cheese, and mignardises from their corresponding carts.  Andrew, whom we affectionately refer to as "The Cheese Guy" was amazing--polite, knowledgable, and accommodating.  He even went so far as to carefully describe each of our cheese choices and wrote them down on a card for us to remember.  He was the highlight of that meal.  2.  February 2011:  4 1/2 stars and again, a wonderful, luxurious, and pretty OTT experience.  You can't really beat the first time but dinner the 2nd time around met all expectations; it just didn't wow us like the first.  First of all, we didn't see "The Cheese Guy" this time around--we looked forward to seeing him again since he was amazing with his knowledge and so patient and polite.  The fun part of this meal was that we enjoyed our conversation with two men who sat in the next table.  Oh, and how could I forget!  We saw Monsieur Robuchon himself across the room!  How cool is that?  Apparently, he was on one of his regular visits to Las Vegas to check up on the restaurant.3.  April 2013:  4 stars.  This time we brought the kids!  Oh yes, we did.  We've trained them to behave well in restaurants, even at this caliber.  Up to this point, it was the treat of a lifetime as they were thoroughly wowed by the sumptuous surroundings and most of all, the food!  They were especially fond of the fabulous bread cart.  Despite their good behavior, I still felt that some of the staff did not warm up to having children in the dining room.  They can KMA!  =D  Fortunately, however, they did accommodate one of my children's pasta request.  Overall, we did have a very nice meal, but at this time in my life I've grown tired of fancy-shmancy meals where we have to dress up since I started to pursue a more minimalist lifestyle.  Admittedly, we did this for the children as a reward for doing so well in school.Some advice:  take advantage of the limo service!  It's not widely advertised or well-known, but upon request the restaurant will send a golden stretch limousine (thank you, thankyouverymuch) to your hotel to pick you up, drop you off at the private entrance to the MGM Mansion, and take you back to your hotel after your meal.  A lovely hostess will escort you on a short tour through the luxurious corridors until you reach the actual restaurant.  No extra charge and the drivers are always polite and friendly!
4	When spending 1k+ on a  dinner for 2 I have certain expectations.  You asked us if we wanted another round of cocktails and we said yes.  You forgot to put in the order and we had to ask again 20m later.  We also ordered from the pastry cart and sat for 40 min while the dessert didn't come.  Only when we asked was there shock that the item hadn't come and the offer to resubmit the order was extended.  This doesn't happen at 2 plus star Michelin restaurants more than once per table.  For 3 stars and 500+ pp this feels inexcusable.  Pros.  Limo was a nice touch.  Bread basket and olive oil were fantastic.  Crab course was best in class.  Olive oil ice cream course was also fantastic.  Cons: service overall and wow factor.  This is a 3  Michelin star restaurant.  Its supposed to be extraordinary.  So far its the best restaurant I've been to in Vegas but far from worthy of a 3rd star.  Saison and quince in sf are much better.  Its hard to deduct more than a full yelp star here but I think a good test is whether or not I'd return.  No, I won't.
3	The restaurant and decor is absolutely  gorgeous! We used the complimentary limo service which came to our hotel to pick us up and take us to the MGM. This was nice. Now for the food. I've dined at many Michelin Star restaurants all over the world. I understand this restaurant received 3 stars back in 2009 but it hasn't been rated since Vegas is no longer part of that Michelin rated guide. So since I didn't dine here in 2009, perhaps it was better back then. The food was above average but not exceptional. Like I said, maybe the quality has gotten worse. The stand out entree was the spaghetti with uni and caviar. But really, if you put caviar and uni on anything it will taste delicious. Not that innovating. So wasn't super blown away here. They had a nice bread cart with a very good variety of bread and a special butter that was imported which was pretty good. I consider the bread cart an entree and was a nice  since it's pushed around on a cart and you have soo many to choose from. They also have a huge dessert cart at the end of dinner. This was really nice. Service was ok. The servers were a bit stiff and robotic besides the guy who was pushing around the bread and dessert cart and refilling our water. Overall, this restaurant excels on presentation. But the food, for the price and service. Not worth it. My favorite entree is usually dessert so I was very excited to eat . I ordered this pear with a chocolate dome dessert and it was DISGUSTING!! I was soo disappointed I wanted to send it back to the kitchen but I held it in. Luckily, they had dessert cart otherwise I would have been extremely upset. have I would suggest going to French Laundry instead. Thomas Keller's dishes are way more fresh and innovative than this place. The entrees/desserts at French Laundry were AHH-MAZZING and more unique. don't waste you money going here. There are far better places.
5	Best experience in Las Vegas.   Great service, Incerdible food and of course great wines...  I look forward to going back again..
4	Ate here a couple of years ago but unlike e by Jose andres it's a little bit harder for me to recall anything truly spectacular about the experience.  The food was good but not that memorable.  I remember the candy cart being very awesome but can't recall specifically any one dish that stood out.The atmosphere was very serious and formal which didn't really contribute to my enjoyment of the food that much.  I remember all around us people speaking to each other in low hushed tones as if we were in an art museum rather than a restaurant.  I feel that being in a setting where you must treat your meal with such reverence detracts from the food somehow; additionally service was coldly polite so that didn't help things.If you must, don't do the full menu, there were a lot of extras on the menu and its easy to get full before even the meat courses start.
4	Where do I begin, this place is over the top luxury, this is my third 3 Michelin star establishment and it was a good one, I have been to The French laundry, and The restaurant at meadowwood. This place falls in between them both.The food is on par with the French laundry, decadence to the nth degree with a few small faults along the way, first the menu, you either have to choose the full on 500 dollar 16 course prix fine menu or select an ala carte tasting that ranges from 250 dollar 5 course to a 120 dollar 2 course, I wish the cheaper tastings were prix fine so I would not have to worry about the flow of the meal. Every thing looked good so my cousin and I decided to go for the 5 course option and get different things so we could get a variety of tastes. Highlights of the meal include a truffle and foie gras ravioli which was one of the greatest things I have put in my mouth, we followed up with a chicken wrapped foie gras which was the second best thing I have ever put in my mouth. So why only 4 instead of 5 stars? Simple, the whole experience was a bit below the French laundry.The service at the French laundry is epic, when you leave the table they re fold your napkin, if you prefer not to drink wine they provide you non alcoholic beverages gratis, also you get free coffee service with desert, Joel rubicon does not do any of this, they charged 5 bucks for a coke and 12 bucks for a cappuccino, that's pretty lame for such a pricy meal, not only that they faltered in some of the basic things, I went to the restroom and when I came back they had served an entree, they did not even preserve the dish with a  cloche, that's unacceptable, they either need to wait or cover the dish till I get back, also when we ordered the cappuccino for desert they did not bring the drink till the mignardises, we asked for coffee for our desert and they did not deliver. All in all I can't justify giving Joel robichon the same score as the French laundry, id say the food was on par and in some cases better but the overall experience was not as good.I also just have to point out that Vegas seems to cheapen the experience a bit, any tom dick or Harry can win a jackpot and enjoy the meal, but something has to be said about the etiquette of other patrons, there was a group of rather loud people in the place and it was pretty annoying, maybe a training should be required to teach people that just because you are paying a lot for food does not mean you can do whatever you wantThis is what a 3 Michelin rated restaurant should be like, meadowwood needs to take a page out of the French laundry and Joel robichon.
5	I've been to this beautiful restaurant twice, both times loved it.No restaurant in Las Vegas comes close to this. You can taste the quality in every part of this restaurant.Even though Michelin no longer rates Las Vegas restaurants as of 2009, this is easily comparable to all of the 3 Stars around the world.This is the epitome of stuffy restaurants, however. You walk into a very ornate setting with velvet and purple and very quiet patrons (at least my two experiences).You can expect a 3.5 hour dinner with a freaking awesome bread cart with so many breads that will make your head spin.Both times we went for the complete chef's tasting which we kind of regretted since it was SO MUCH food. Not the best kind of food you want to eat before you go out but it was great.Highly recommend this place if you have a spare night that you know you won't be raging hard with, and if you are up for one hell of a meal to remember in Vegas instead of your typical whatever Vegas restaurants.
5	The restaurant is stunning, the food is visually incredible as well as delicious. The service is top notch. There is a reason Joel Rubochon's restaurants have received more Michelin stars than any other chef. I took my husband here for his birthday and to our surprise, Mr. Rubochon was in town for culinary week. I approached him for a picture and he was so gracious to take a photo and even sent champagne and a cake to our table for my husband and I. I cannot say enough about the place and the fact that Mr. Rubochon was so humble and generous is enough for me to go back again and again.
5	My wife and I ate here on May 18th.  This was easily one of the two or three best meals I have ever had, if not the best.First of all, the dining room is very intimate and you feel like you are in someone's home dining room.The service was off the charts great.  I have eaten at Jean Georges in New York and the service is like comparing an Appleby's to a fine restaurant.  Everyone on the staff was friendly, professional, and knew everything on the menu in the utmost detail.Lastly, and most importantly; the food.  Incredible.  My wife and I each did the tasting menus that included an amuse bouche, appetizer, bread cart, main course, cheese cart, and sweets cart.  Everything was perfectly prepared and presented.  This was a food event. If you can swing it, it should not be missed.
5	I've been to a few other 3 michelin star restaurants, and this one is flat out the best.  The service was exceptional, everything was timed properly, and the food was a flavour explosion.  At the end of my Le Rubis desert, my mouth was going to explode with flavours like toucan sam, ok?!  I was quite amazed by everything from the bread cart to the desert cart.  The only thing that did not impress me was the use of paper towels in the bathroom.  I wanted to aim high on them and make them shrivel in order to teach them that they needed linens, but I felt that the food and service more than made up for it.
2	Well not at all what I was expecting from a Michelin 3 star restaurant.  At $655 a person, I was very disappointed.  I will not return again.
4	we came here on a saturday night. the service was attentive and there was so many staff there to wait on everyone!  it was a luxurious meal with a bread cart and dessert cart.i have been to the robuchon in macau twice, once for the 16 course extravaganza and once for lunch and his restaurants are very consistent!  the food is delicious and intricate.  the decor is a bit  over the top and gaudy for my taste.we started with an amuse.  it was a green soup that had ham and i forget what else.the one in macau had a butter cart as well as a bread cart but a cart full of bread is always a good way to start a meal.  they had bacon bread, french bread, milk bread, olive oil bread, cheese bread.  any bread you could want!i had a cold appetizer that was alaskan king crab with avocado and lettuce.  delicious!  i also tried the uni with asparagus.  also delicious!for the hot appetizer, i had the crispy soft egg.  so many textures!for my main i had shrimp, it was like a confused asian dish.  the shrimp, though very fresh and sweet, was covered in a red sauce and the broth underneath was like a tom yum.  while we waited for our last course, the dessert, they gave us a strawberry basil palette cleanser.  strawberry and mint or basil go so well together and it was definitely refreshingi had the chocolate souffle with vanilla ice cream.  they brought out the wrong dessert at first and we would have gladly eaten that one too if we didn't know that there was also a dessert cart to top off the night.  mini petite fours of macarons, lollies, tarts, caramels, candies.they sent us home with a lemon cake for breakfast.i just read they had limo pick up and dropoff but we were not offered that ...
5	So I am getting ready to visit Vegas again, and I checked this place to see if they had any reservation openings for the nights I'm going to be there. Not surprisingly, there aren't any. I will have to settle for someplace else. In short, this is one of my all-time favorite dining experiences. Everything from the service to the food is unparalleled. All the five star reviews here really don't do the place justice. The last time I ate at Robuchon was close to five years ago, and I can't really even remember what I ate exactly, but I do remember it to be one of the best meals of my life. That's saying something for a guy who loves to eat well. If you can get in here, it's very much worth it. You'll be paying for it, but you won't be disappointed.
5	How could any Joel Robuchon restaurants disappoint you. Needless to say,  this was my best dining experience ever, from food to service to ambiance,  everything was superb.
4	The Langoustine Ravioli was the best dish of the whole meal! It is to die for! I thought the suckling pig dish was a joke! The bread & dessert trays were wonderful. The pear dessert was divine . The service was excellent! My husband hated his fish entree but loved his appetizers . Alinea in Chicago has everything over this restaurant .
5	Me and my boyfriend came here awhile ago for our first time and ordered the 16 course meal. (First time ever doing anything like this). It was basically the best experience I have ever had! I don't even know where to start.We walked in to a little waiting room/bar area and a very professional bartender asked what we would like and brought them over. I actually spilled a little of the martini on my leg and he was so quick to help.We were seated perfectly on time to our reservation. I could go on for days...they servers were excellent we had like 4 servers and even a wine guy whose only job was to explain and help pair our different courses with types and flavors of wine. I've never heard to many great adjectives in my life. The restaurant only had a handful of occupied tables but still required a reservation which means they carefully prepare everything with the fullest care. They didn't just have a bread basket, but literally an entire card of fresh bread to chose on, and the butter was literally imported from a different country, just for different flavors. The 16 courses were each amazing in their own way, it started with some appetizer like dishes (all very small since there's 16 courses) and then went into fish and seafood dishes (first time trying caviar!) , then into different types of red meats and eventually desert. My favorite was a tiny 2 by 1 inch piece of steak that literally had the most amazing flavor. Anyways...you get the point this place is amazing.Me and my boyfriend have seriously considered flying out to Vegas just to dine at the Joel. We constantly compare every other restaurant to the Joel and really I actually hate eating out now that i know what truly great food and service is like.  So you might think that for a place like this, it would be very expensive. But if you put it in perspective it is actually cheap. (We had a bill of about $1400) In Vegas you spend 5K on a small bottle service area with a couple bottles of average alcohol and some cute girls mixing drinks for you (don't get me wrong i love that whole part) except you are getting minimal service. We spend nothing compared to what you spend on a bottle service and we got excellent service for a 4 hour dining experience with servers and wine guys basically taking care of you all night.  So I think the pricing is more than fair!! Check this place out, hope this was helpful.
4	Overpriced. Good place if the prices on the menu mean nothing to you. Expect a meal for two people with no alcohol to be around $400-$500.
5	Top French restaurant in my list for my entire life
5	Simply the best. Get as many of the desserts from the cart as you want.Tasting menu is ~$450, wine pairings at $300, $500, and $900.
5	Came here for my 30th birthday. It was absolute perfection! Best meal Ive ever had and the service was wonderful. The restaurant offers a complimentary pick up in their gold limo so make sure to request that when booking your reservation!
5	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary with the sixteen course degustation menu at Joel Robuchon.  Would truly have to describe it as the pinnacle of culinary excellence.  Beautiful setting; knowledgeable, attentive wait staff.  The entire experience from start to finish was beautifully presented and impeccably timed.  One amazingly delicious course and wine pairing after another.  Overall, an incredible experience in so many ways--would highly recommend!
3	The room is beautiful, the food was good (not spectacular) but unfortunately we experienced some blips in the service that were just not acceptable. For the level of this restaurant we would hope we wouldn't have to ask for water refills, cocktail menu (more than twice, they forgot), they also forgot to bring our after dinner drinks, but we let it go...just to get the bill with the drinks on the check. Again, not the end of the world, but just several mistakes (seriously several mistakes that would have barely passed at an Olive Garden)... I hope they step up their game to regain the status of a restaurant that bares the name of Joel Robuchon.
3	Good service, but we weren't impressed of the desserts. We got the souffle and nothing special. Recommended dessert was awful, I only ate 1 spoon. I forgot the name of it. The appetizer and entree was good, but not WOW.
3	I wish the Michelin Guide would come back to Las Vegas to rate restaurants, as Joel Robuchon unfortunately seems to be resting on its laurels (its 3 stars were awarded in 2009). The food and overall ambiance were stellar, but the service the night we went was quite lacking. Seems there was some breakdown of communication among the multitude of staff, which left less time for basic service items (empty drinks, checking in, asking about dishes, etc.).All in all a pleasant experience, but really not one worthy of Michelin stars. Happy to pay $$$$ for restaurants when everything is above and beyond, but this experience just ended a little flat.
5	The food, decor and the service were absolutely great! Their bread cart and the sweet treat cart were great additions to an amazing experience. I didn't try the 16 course because I didn't want to miss out on the carts. The langoustine ravioli and the caviar were the my two most favorite dishes. And if you are a foi gras fan, you must try theirs!
4	We went here for my GFs birthday. Boy oh boy what a place. It is by far the most elegantly designed restaurant I've ever been to. The crystal chandelier, the floral "outdoor" area, the purple felt walls...you really feel like royalty when you step into this place. Very quiet and intimate....to be honest at times I felt it was too quiet...a fairly serious and formal atmosphere. The bread cart was amazing, best breads I've ever had with the best butter and olive oil. We got the 6 course tasting menu. Can't pronounce half the stuff we had but everything was very good. Couple dishes weren't as good as others and to be honest were rather intimidating...more as culinary art plate presentations rather than delivering familiar flavors. Great for foodies. Everything was extremely interesting.  The service was impeccable. The final bill will make you do a double take. About 1k for 6 course menu for 2 with half bottle of wine and one glass of wine. Yikes! I'm not sure even the best meal of my life is worth that much?! This meal wasn't the best of my life but it was very good.
5	MOST EPIC MEAL IN MY LIFE!!Okay, little disclaimer: I came here back in 2010, when I was young & much more easily impressed (this was my 4th Michelin-star restaurant and my 1st 3-Michelin star), sooo this review might not be the most accurate haha, but it is still by far the most epic meal/dining experience I've had.I actually booked this place as a celebration dinner for my then-bf (yes, call me #1 gf! hahaha jk) planning to order just the regular 3 or 4-course menu, but once we got here, the 16-course degustation menu seemed too epic to pass up on, so we got that instead and I def do not regret :)So my memory might be faded, and this is pre-smartphone times, pre-foodporn times, and pre-foodieGrace times.Standouts:1)  Decor was gold, purple, sparkly with shells/starfish on the table, 100% Grace-style, big plus!! lol2)  CAVIAR (lots of it!!) amuse bouche (first time I actually loved caviar)3)  Bread & dessert cart: you get to choose your own, however many u want, the Mignardises cart won me over big time, I was NOT shy with choosing all the ones I desired (10-15 at least haha)4)  Complimentary LIMO service with reservations: you HAVE to get this (u need to ASK for this, they don't just offer it), it's part of the whole experience, and makes paying big bucks for your meal more justified lol...MGM is not such a nice hotel, but man, the villa with big gates they bring you in from was not what I was expecting at all!! just do it!! there is an escort waiting at the door to take you inside and escort you out, as much as I prefer rating the FOOD, I must say they sure know how to make you feel super special!Service is impeccable, presentation is amazing (yes, u get gold flakes on your food haha), meal takes about 4 hours. $500 (tax/tip included) per person without any add-ons or drinks (has gone up since). For birthday/anniversary celebrations, they bring out a whole small cake for u! At the end of the meal, they give you a little personalized diploma with the 16-courses, very useful since there is no way anyone can keep track of all those dishes. And ladies get a goodie box to take home.4 years & 31 Michelin stars later, all I can say is CAN SOMEONE PLS BRING ME BACK so i can update my review more accurately!! :P
5	I make sure to dine here every time I come to Vegas. This particular location is one of the most decadent restaurants in Vegas and one of my personal favorites worldwide. Decor/Atmosphere:A single chandelier in a semi-modern setting with abstract art and black lacquered tables. You can opt to book a private room for an extra charge, which is great if you have a large party or of one of your friends forget to dress and wear a cap and a backpack with a white t-shirt with sweatpants instead. (Yes, they were cool about it and let him in!)I don't think it's as gaudy as other high end French restaurants, but just extravagant enough to make you stare for a while.They have constant music and cozy lighting.Staff:Not the fastest service I've had, but it's efficient and accurate.The timing is appropriate enough to put you at ease.Price:Yes, it's expensive and expect to spend about ~$450/person. Wine pairing for their biggest menu is $300 and $900 with one glass per 2-3 dishes.Menu:We got their biggest tasting menu which has all of the creative dishes for the summer.Usually they are around 16 little dishes, but this time they reduced it to 'just 15.'The menus change by season (I've tried all 4) and the summer menu is usually the lightest. You begin with the unlimited bread cart made fresh daily and warmed to order. French baguettes, brioches, croissants, bacon breads, saffron breads - it's so difficult to limit yourself to just a couple of flavors.1. Kelp creamDon't you love that they match the presenting plates with the dish ingredient??I usually don't like the taste of kale, but the cream was so light and seasoned with various herbs to cover any unpleasant taste.2. Artichoke with foie grasMarinated artichoke hearts and violet salad with thin slices of cold foie gras. The artichoke counterbalances any of the iron/liver taste that the thin slices of foie gras has. Such a good combination!3-5. Caviar trioThe one with crab meat and lobster jelly topped with caviar, gold, and fennel cream dots is delicious. The one with potato, green onions, tuna tartar, potato chip, and caviar - sounds odd but this was my absolute favorite! Tastes like a savory seafood tart with an onion kick to it.The asparagus with caviar was the least memorable.6. EggSoft boiled egg florentine with a cheese sauce. Not a personal favorite.7. ScallopIt's a scallop topped on a bed of soybeans and green curry foam. Crunchy and full of flavor.8-10. Shellfish trioI am really enjoying shellfish nowadays and this was the highlight of my seafood binges.My favorite of the three was definitely the langoustine ravioli. Just whole langoustine meat stuffed in a ravioli pouch topped with a flavor explosion of foie gras and truffle sauce. It's hard to explain how delicious this is, you just have to try it.11. Asparagus soupI think was smooth and pretty good - until I bit into the cheesy ravioli.I asked for no strong cheeses and was discouraged to finish the dish by the unpleasant surprise.12. Black pepper codThe main fish dish. Last few times for the fish portion they gave very unmemorable seabass or some other bland fish, but this time they upgraded this part.Juicy, meaty cod flesh caramelized to perfection and topped with a sweet-spicy-salty black pepper sauce and bok choy.13. BeefRib eye, bone marrow, olives, and three sauces. Perfection.14. Strawberry-basil dessertOlive oil ice cream, fresh strawberries and basil jelly. Very fresh.15. Mango dessertAnd finally, the 15th and the last part of the meal. The green is a sweet caramel cream and the mango cream 'leaves' stuffed between crunchy caramelized coats = amazing!!We ordered additional desserts like this beautiful raspberry cream crunch and their classic, chocolate souffle which is topped with dark chocolate sorbet.If possible, try to leave room for their huge dessert cart. I once went temporarily insane and attempted all flavors(28 at the time). It's worth the waddle back home.
2	This review is for my visit on July 12th 2014 to celebrate my wedding anniversary.  Service: the service overall was good but nothing special.  I would expect top notch service at a 3 star Michelin restaurant at this caliber.  however, I do have a complaint, the restaurant should offer dark linen for guests wearing dark clothing and white linen for guests wearing lighter color clothing.  I've seen this done at some of the restaurants in LA and I really appreciated the attention to detail down to the color of the linen.  I definitely don't want to get white lint stuck on my black dress or suit.  Secondly, the waiter's and waitress's attire is a little outdated ( especially the waiter's suits don't seem to fit very well and are very old fashion).  Although what they wear really has nothing to do with my meal or the service that I receive, I just think their outfit needs to match the whole posh/chic/upscale atmosphere. Finally, because we were there for our anniversary , my husband had ordered a special celebratory cake for us to share.  The waiter brought the cake out on a nicely decorated tray with a pretty sugar piece and a sign that says " happy anniversary."   the issue here is that he brought it out and left so quickly I didn't even get a chance to take a pic of it.  He quickly showed it to me, then turned it over to show it to my husband and that was that.  Didn't offer to wait for me to take a picture of the whole tray.  The whole experience with the tray felt very very rushed.  We each got a slice of the cake and in my mind, I thought I get to take the rest of the cake home.  but I guess not, cuz they didn't pack the rest for us.Food:The food was Ok.  I've had better.  Like the previous reviewer had stated, if you're in LA, you'll probably enjoy Melisse more.  We ended up spending more than we should have.  I was not impressed with the food.  we had the 5 course tasting menu but we get to try more than 5 courses because my husband and I chose different things on the menu ( you get to choose 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and 1 dessert from a list).  so in actuality, I get to try 10 different items that night, and NONE impressed me.  I  thought the food was either too salty or too bland.  Most of the dishes had similar jelly type of consistency.  even the soup had a weird thick consistency that I don't care for.  everyone on here complimented on the bread cart.  but I don't think it's worth it to spend a sh'tload of money just to chow down on the breads.  there were 8 choices of bread to choose from.  I tasted every one of them based on the views on here but I find them nothing special.  you can get really good bread elsewhere and pay a fraction of the price.  They also have a mini dessert cart to end your meal.  Ok, anyone that knows me , know that I have a sweet tooth and I know my desserts...BUT the dessert cart had nothing that I really like.  the macarons were just OK ( Lette's or Bottega Louie is WAY better).  mini operas and cupcakes were BLEH...gosh it was the most pathetic dessert cart I've ever seen in my entire career of eating sweets.Last words:SAVE YOUR MONEY.  if you're in LA, try Melisse or Providence.  Both are really really good and local! I think they should downgrade this restaurant to a 1 star or a no star restaurant.
5	Yep. It's that good.We did the 5 and 6 course tasting menu and bought a $50 decent bottle of sparkling wine. Total bill $577.Bread cart, bacon mustard seed bread, yes. Saffron brioche, yes! Cheese brioche, yes! We pretty much asked for one of everything,  and our waitress was totally willing to comply and made us a basket for the table. The butter comes off this huge block of butter and it's amazing.Amuse bouche, split pea gaspacho (french word forgotten) with smoked duck, pistachios and mint marshmallows.  Delicious.Cold appetizer,  artichoke with fois gras. The perfection of the textures of these two foods together is something to write home about. Because it was textural bliss.Hot appetizer,  asparagus soup with fresh ricotta tortelini. The tortelini were melt in your mouth, fantastic. Main course, beef cheeks. So good. Best part? The whipped potatoes. Literally 4/5 butter 1/5 potato but somehow that just made them better, allowed me to feel like I was eating the butter from the bread cart guilt free.Dessert, chartreuse sorbet palette cleansing and refreshing. The dessert cart! Yes! Tiramisu,  so perfectly arranged and delicuous. Again, pretty much asked for one of everything. My favorites?  White chocolate filled with blueberry, Red velvet baby cupcakes and ladybug chocolates (they were so cute)I think it was worth it, wish I could afford to eat like this more often. The servers were so nice and patient and not terribly snooty.
4	Truly a delicious meal! Service was courteous and prompt! But for the amount of money it didn't have the WOW FACTOR! I certainly preferred L'atelier way over Joel Robuchon now that I have dined at both places.  L'atelier is definitely more bang for your buck.  We did the $250 meal each with $140 merlot.  It was a great meal but I would rather save my money to come back to L'atelier!
5	We dined here last week and it was one of the best meals I've ever had.  The prices are no joke and are not for those light in the wallet!  I had the $250 Menu A which included two appetizers , two entrees and dessert. The portions are not large but I was stuffed when we left. The service is impeccable and the food is very very fresh. The salmon and lamb chops were cooked to perfection and the potatoes were whipped to a creamy consistency. Be sure to save room for the dessert cart which is well worth the extra calories.
5	This place is like being in MoMa, in Manhattan,New York! The service and ambiance is out of this world! If you are looking to impress your loved one or celebrate LIFE.. Dine at Joel Robuchon in MGM, you will LOVE it! I LOVE it!
4	The restaurant is truly the magnificent, luxurious experience you'd expect from Joel Robuchon. The only reason I can't give this 5 stars is service. I had to ask for more wine, water, the bill, to order. You name it- I had to ask for it. Service seemed very inattentive. Food- phenomenal. Restaurant- gorgeous!
4	PRIX FIX MENU: http://www.mgmgrand.com/pdf/menu_robuchon_prixfixe.pdfThe menu on YELP is very confusing.Dine in date: July 30, 2014We chose Menu A $250 (l'amuse bouche, 2 apps, 2 main courses, 1 dessert, a seductive sweet cart), the cheese trolley was extra so I'm not sure why they have it on the above link.  Also, sometimes they change their menu around (I think).L'amuse-bouche: something with kaleit was just averageCOLD APPS:L'oursin - sea urchin in orange vinaigrette, delicate gelee of green asparagus with turmeric.Le Crabe Royale - Alaskan King crab, salad of avocado & tomato in a heart of romaine & olive oil.I got the sea urchin, my partner got the king crab; I don't recommend the sea urchin.  I don't like to the fact that it seems like you can taste the fishiness.  If you like Chinese bamboo shoots that smells like cow fertilizer or urine, then try it...but I don't like it.  HOT APPS:Le Foie Gras de Canard - Grilled foie gras, bell pepper confit in acacia honey.L'oeuf de Poule - Deep-fried boiled eggs in light Comte cheese sauce with iberico de bellota ham. Foie gras was cook to perfection, this was awesomely delicious...my mouth is watering as I'm typing this review reminiscing the taste of the perfect foie gras in my mouth.I can't remember if I like the deep-fried boiled eggs.MAIN COURSES:La Langouste - Spiny lobster roasted in a shellfish jus with spinach leaves and lemongrass emulsion.Le Bar - Pan seared sea bass in salted butter with baby artichoke sauce.Both tasted delicious.  My partner LOOOOVEd his sea bass more than my lobster.Le Boeuf - Beef cheeks braised with eggplant in red miso & ginger sauce, medley of bell peppersLe Poulet Fermier - Caramelized farm chicken with foie gras, farro risotto with snow peas.Beef cheeks were tender, my partner didn't care for his chicken dish because he was expecting the foie gras he tasted from mine. DESSERTS:Les Herbes - Green chartreuse sabayon topped with herb sorbet & a hazelnut pralineL'Abricot - Sugar pearl filled with apricots & panna cotta, cubes of seasonal fruit gelee with verbena.Les Herbes was the winner on this one.  The L'Abricot was too citrusy for me. Mignardises - seductive sweets trolley I asked for 1 of each but they told me only 5/ person can choose 1, so we had 10 different things.  Surprisingly, I didn't like the macaroons.  Creme Brulee was OK...I didn't care for a lot of the sweets they offered on their trolley.OVERALL, if you have the money, won a lot of money, love french food, just want to try fine dining or in vegas; then you should try it, after all it's the only 3 Michelin star restaurant in Vegas.  I like how they give the diners the freedom to choose whatever you like instead of 1 table getting the same kind of menu or chefs tasting.  So yes, if you prefer getting a main course while the other party at your table is getting 11 courses so you can pick on theirs then you're allowed; different than Melisse & Providence.I'm giving this a 4 star because I was famish upon our arrival and was experiencing hunger pains.   The service of just giving us a menu took too long.  They also messed up on our bill & charged us an extra $169, but they corrected that error.  Everyone will have different experiences.  I'd definitely would like to come back and just order the foie gras & maybe try other things depending how much I win at the table.
5	Flew into Las Vegas just to celebrate our six year anniversary here and it was a great experience. The service was top notch, the food was extraordinary. So many layers of flavors and textures, we did the four course tasting menu and hope to come back one day to do the 16 course. The bread and dessert carts are amazing so many options. Also really enjoyed the decor of the restaurant.
5	The only Joel Robuchon restaurant in the US.  Three Michelin Stars, need I say more?The service is excellent. They are fast, efficient, and attentive.  The food is of high quality with fresh ingredients and beautiful presentations.Be sure to get the tasting menu if you are here for the first time and want a broad over view of the menu.The interior of the restaurant is well shielded from the casino; no noise or smoke odor.  Looks decadent like the menu, but that is what you are going for.It does live up to its name, 3 stars, and reputation.
3	Instead of going into endless detail (we had the 15 course tasting menu with base wine pairings, $750 each without tax or tip), I am just going to say that the food was as expected; nothing less, nothing more.  It was artfully executed, and nicely balanced.  Not sure you really needed teeth to enjoy each soft portion of goodness, all the same temp (lukewarm) and same texture (soft).  Piece after piece of tasty bites, teeny tiny little bites.Not to say the dinner wasn't delightful.  But it takes a lot of delight to warrant $750+ each.  Joel Robuchon is one of the top 25 most costly restaurants in the country, we just expected more.  The restaurants we enjoyed in Paris were so much more reasonable, the food much more exciting.  The wine pairings offered with the 15 course tasting were fine, but not noteworthy.  The Champagne was lovely, the Sauvignon wonderful.  From the Chardonnay forward, we found the selections rather disappointing.  If you are staying in MLife properties, be sure to expense it to your room for point value if you track that sort of thing.  We did not know this was an option until we saw it printed on our receipt, but it was too late; they would not switch the charge to our room.  That was ok with us, we just didn't realize how many hotels were affiliated with MLife.  The limo drivers both ways (complementary pick up and drop off service from your hotel) were personable and fun; however, our servers were quite the opposite; very stuffy, they do not crack a smile, ours was very cold.  I am not a fan of servers hovering nearby, staring as you eat, ready to whisk plates away as soon as you lay down your fork, it felt intrusive. This was a splurge on our part, we both adore French cuisine.  When asked, "still or sparking water?", expect that still means bottled at $10 each.  You must specifically ask for tap water which is free of course, but they did not offer this until we had finished two bottles.  Have to mention the bacon bread, amazing, don't miss it.  They sent us home with a strange tasting citrus pound cake, didn't care for it.  Another yelper said to try the tea, I had the Assam tea, it was quite unremarkable.  Not our favorite dining experience, we would not return; too many other fine dining restaurants to choose from.  I'm glad we tried it, scratching it off our bucket list.
5	Been here twice since this review and I'm going back again in December.  Each time has been a fantastic experience, from the phenomenal food to the excellent service.  In particular, the caviar dishes here are an order of magnitude better than anywhere else I've ever been.  I really can't write enough about the service here; they really do make sure you have the best time.It's not cheap, it's not brand new, and you have to descend into the middle of the MGM Grand to get to it, but make no mistake: it's the best restaurant in the States.
5	Fantastic experience overall! Loved that there were many types of breads and desserts that we were able to sample because they were presented to us on a cart that was being pushed around. The crab royale salad was good, but the foie gras appetizer was probably the best I've ever had. Everything else was delicious and I don't think you can go wrong with anything there, but definitely order the foie gras. The intimate atmosphere was a nice change of pace and scenery from everything in Vegas, especially because we sat in the fake outdoor veranda.
4	Joel Robuchon was a treat for our last night in Las Vegas. We had a great experience from our being brought into a beautiful oasis inside the MGM to our gift of lemon pound cake at the end of the night.We have eaten at only 1 other 3 star restaurant the French Laundry in Napa and wanted to try another.Our dinner and service was excellent.  We had the 7 course tasting and were going to get the cheese and loved they they confirmed at the time if we still wanted the course as we were full, we knew dessert was going to be great so passed. next time we will get the smaller menu and add the cheese,The dishes were presented beautifully and were excellent.  The stand outs were the Foie Gras and artichoke, king crab salad, beef cheeks, lobster and the buttery potatoes The bread cart was very special with the beautiful butter and olive oil. It was hard not to over indulge in the bread.At the end I had the chocolate souffle and my friend had a panne cotte.  The cart of treats at the end was a lot of fun and our waiter had a twinkle in his eye as he told us about the 40 desserts on the cart. We only sampled a few.The pound cake came home with us and we ate it 2 days later. The butter kept it moist.I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars as the French Laundry was the gold standard of service and food for me.
5	Best meal of my life. I can't wait to go back. Service is exceptional and the food is second to none. My friend and I both had the 14 course tasting menu. Every course was not only beautiful but delicious. It was an experience I will never forget.  Best restaurant in Vegas and that's saying a lot
5	There aren't words enough to describe how amazing the food, staff, and atmosphere are at Robuchon. I first visited in January of 2013 for my Partner's 40th birthday. They went out of their way to make it an exceptional experience, including a personalized birthday cake.Most recently I was there with 5 other friends on August 30th. They again, made it a wonderful experience. The first time I had gone the limo ride and tour of the mansion weren't available because of a concert, but this time we got the full treatment. The mansion is beautiful, and this is really the only way to get to see it!When we arrived they had set up a private room for us, which was a nice touch. The food was as always excellent, and we walked away paying about $350 each with tip, which is actually a bargain for Robuchon. I had spent nearly a grand when I took my partner last year. This place is pricey, but it is one of only ten 3 star Michelin restaurants in the country. A 3 star, means it is not just dining, but an experience. Worth every penny if you can afford it.
5	This was on my bucket list of restaurants and it was worth the wait and the trip to Las Vegas. Truly a culinary experience on par with Le Bernardin in New York City. I brought a friend who wanted to cancel, because he did not like French food. When we walked out, he commented that this was the best meal he has ever had and experienced. We opted for the 15 course menu, where each course only topped the previous course. Starting with the freshly shaved butter table side and the house made rolls of multiple variations. This is a do not miss restaurant when you visit Las Vegas. One last note, you must wear long sleeved dress shirts. This is not a casual restaurant.
2	My wife and I have been looking forward to eating at JR for quite a while. We have tried to get in on previous LV trips and weren't able to. This trip we made reservations a few months ahead. We have both eaten at similar style restaurants before, such as Le Bernadin in NYC, French Laundry in Napa and Cypress in Healdsburg. Unfortunately this gastronomic experience just plain sucked. Forget about the pretentious server, that goes with the landscape. It was all about the base I mean food. Hopefully you got the joke. We decided to go with the 4 item tasting menus that also included dessert and cheese. Was around $200 per person.  The two appetizers we each selected were pretty good but not blow my mind away fantastic. With my memory slightly still in tact, one was some esoteric tuna creation and the other was something with uni. Where the wheels came off was the timing of our entree selection. It took over 1hr after the appetizer to get our first entree. We were at the restaurant for 3 hours total for a 4 item tasting. What the F. One of the entrees was a pasta with truffles, bland and over cooked spaghetti and not hot. This dish should have killed it but not even close. Both of our next entrees were meat dishes and they were also served not hot. The waiter said be careful the plates are hot. Not! They were cold. We sent these 3 dishes back and moved to the cheese and skipped dessert because we had been there entirely to long. The restaurant didn't apologize but did cut our bill down to compensate for the returned dishes. All in all nothing special, having experienced this style previously, each and every dish should compliment the previous yet have some sort of crescendo at the end. The highlight of the meal was the shaved french butter and the bread cart.
5	The room is just right. The seating is comfortable. The bread cart was the best ever experienced. Andrew was a true expert at making the evening all we were hoping for. We are very experienced diners. This evening was at the top. A few as good. None better.
2	Definitely not worth the money.  Very underwhelmed considering this is a 3 Michelin star restaurant.  Service was excellent.  Food was way too rich...yes there is such a thing!  Way too much butter/cream!Good wine selection and thought prices were reasonableThere are many many better options in Vegas that'll cost you a quarter of the price of Robuchon.  .
4	This is the second time we've been to Joel Robuchon.  The first time I would have rated it five stars.  The second time, however, there were several service miscues, such as failure to fold my napkin when I went to the restroom, taking 10 minutes to bring the check, failure to say thank you upon leaving the restaurant, etc.  I will say that the food is excellent, with the crab salad, lobster, uni spaghetti, and langoustine ravioli being the stars of the show.Highly recommended for the food but service is hit or miss.  The first time I went, the service was impeccable, warmer than French Laundry and second only to L'Arnsbourg in Baerenthal, France.
4	Six months ago, my husband surprised me with reservations at Joel Robuchon. I was shocked and the experience was unforgettable. I felt like Cinderella. I never imagined we'd return so soon, but he planned another dinner for us, this time, another couple joined us. I slipped on my glass slippers and eagerly awaited the night to unfold. Anticipation was high leading up to our 6:30 dinner reservation. It felt like Christmas. Santa didn't appear, but his elves were whipping up special treats in the kitchen. There was no question, we returned for the 15-course degustation menu ($435), complete with bread and mignardises carts. Our friend also chose the $295 wine pairing. It is the bottom tier, but the wines were outstanding and perfectly paired. The husband and I opted for two half bottles, Chardonnay and a very special Red from France.The bread cart immediately seduced us and we quickly tumbled down the rabbit hole. The four of us were giddy as can be, we were blown away again and again by the refinement of the experience.  It is glorious. It is euphoric. It is even obscene. However, this is no ordinary meal. It is art. Delectable, delicious art.Cream of kale cabbage over delicate vegetable gelee. Kale has never tasted so good. The textures of this dish are extraordinary. It was a wonderful way to excite the palate.Violet artichoke and foie gras salad with parmesan shavings. This was a fine dish, but not one to cause me to swoon.Symphony of osetra caviar with salmon tartare, chilled sweet corn soup, and king crab on crustacean gelee. This was served as one breathtaking presentation, however, it counted as three-courses. The caviar and sweet corn will forever fill my dreams. It was sweet and salty and utterly perfect. I was blown away. I consumed more caviar with these dishes than I had in my existence prior to this meal.Semi-soft boiled egg florentine with Comte cheese sauce. This was loved by everyone in the group, but me. It's funny, too, because the soft boiled egg was a favorite during our last dinner. That version seemed to have enough to offset the richness of the egg. This one felt like I had consumed a dozen farm fresh eggs. Seared scallop with lemongrass, broccolini and soybean sprouts cooked as risotto. This dish was well executed. Apparently, I've been eating overcooked scallops my whole life. These were scrumptiously medium rare.Thin veloute of porcini mushrooms with jasmine rice cream, crispy matsutake and foie gras ravioli, veal raviolis cooked in broth with white truffle. This was my favorite course(s). I found the white truffle that perfumed the air completely intoxicating. Each preparation was stellar, but the ravioli with the matsytake (japanese mushroom) and foie gras was the most tasty morsel of the night. Possibly the most tasty bite ever; definitely, in recent memory.Roasted spiny lobster with green curry and fresh coriander. Collectively, we agreed this was the weakest dish of the evening. The lobster was tough and stringy. It looked beautiful, but it was far less satisfying upon digging in.Caramelized black cod in Malabar pepper sauce with bok choy. This dish delivered big flavors in the best way. It was another favorite of the night. It had a delightfully unexpected  umami thing going on. Plus, it was sugar and spice and everything nice.Duo of duck breast and foie gras, five spice sweet and sour grapes with ginger. On paper this course sounds the most to my liking, and don't get me wrong, it was outstanding, but the flavors were similar to those I've had before. I really appreciate when my tastebuds are tempted by something unexpected. That said, this was extremely comforting, especially paired with Joel Robuchon's famous mashed potatoes which we insist is actually potato infused butter.Coconut lime parfait topped with elderflower liquer gelee and compressed pineapple. The pineapple was incredibly intense. It was so refreshing. It went beautifully with the dollop of cilantro syrup in the center of the plate.Caramelized vanilla apples tarte tatin with calvados ice cream. The apples in this dessert must have been the same variety that Eve tempted Adam with, I've never had a juicier or more crisp bite of apple. If it is possible to taste a season in a bite, this accomplishes it - no doubt.You would think we would be unable to consume another bite, but there was still the dessert cart. Calling it a cart, hardly does it justice. It's truly magical. It's hard to believe we showed restraint when choosing about two dozen selections, plus, tiramisu, rum balls and creme brulee. It was the perfect end to a story book meal. We were incredibly fortunate to enjoy a restaurant of this caliber twice in one year. It is a real pleasure.
4	Love love love the ambiance of this place. My date and I were seated in the "outdoor" terrace area which is really a faux outdoor next to faux greenery but it was beautiful and much more private. When we first arrived in our cozy area there was only one other couple on the terrance. Our area was so quiet, it really made you put your phone away and just be "in the moment" with someone. I think the tables and lighting are placed appropriately where you feel like you're in our own little bubble away from everyone else.I don't remember any exact plates that I liked. We had the 16 course meal and the food became a blur of goodness. Everything was executed well. Service was superb, everyone was extremely friendly and each plate came out not too long after we finished the previous plate. I do remember the amazing giant blob of butter in a giant bell jar! Imported from Great Britain the server said. I wanted the bread cart to come around just so I could see the butter being shaved. When the dessert cart came around I had to try one of each! Overall, it was a very fun and romantic experience. I'll probably skip the 16 course next time and order a la carte though.
5	So this was my second experience here.It was much different. We were in a larger group.The food this time was not as good as the last time. It was very good - don't get me wrong. But it didn't  blow me away again. This can happen when menu items change seasonally.  Last time - the food was a 5. This time a 4.The experience however is always a 5+. The limo pick up and drop off, the exceptional service and decor - still set this place apart.
5	I consider this the "all star" of the three star restaurants that I've enjoyed.  Having dined there close to a dozen times, The inevitable glitch is handled beautifully by the expert staff.Dinner last night for my 60th birthday included the fabulous poached egg appetizer and the chicken served from a casserole dish.  The mashed Potatos are better described as butter with potatoes. They're still a novelty since having them at Jamin in the 80's. The finest elements of other favorites blended seamlessly into JR:The American friendliness of Daniel BouludThe desert "la sphere" is a refinement of Pre Catalan.Innovation of Pierre GagnaireFlexibility in the kitchen, my wife preferred no bone marrow on her filletFairly priced wine of tailleventSensibility of service of Auberge L'il without the pretense of LaserreBeauty of presentation ofCheese cart of taillevent Bread service that alone would be great meal like French laundryElegant room with tasteful decor like Meurice or Plaza Athenee Fresh and tasty fish would impress passedatThe precision of Per SeAs delicate a foie gras as Lucas cartonIn short, I will return
5	Each course was perfection! Just do it.
1	Was going to have dinner tonight here. Made reservation at 6pm. Was planning to go to a club after so I wore a crop top and shorts. And they said they had a dress code which I totally understand. But I felt offended because he said something like I can't let you in cuz I need to make sure other guests to feel comfortable. What does this even mean I am not a hooker or what. Maybe I didn't dress properly for such a fancy restaurant. but you don't have to say things like this. This is just not right.
5	What more can be said about one of the best chefs in the world today? Each part of their tasting menu was simply amazing. On each course there were two to three different flavor combinations to try and each bite was a true experience. This is one bucket list place that I am thrilled to say I've checked off. Way better than a night spent gambling in sin city.
5	As soon as you step into their doors, you can start to see why they have been awarded 3 Michelin Stars. Intimate setting on giant sofas (place only has maximum seating of 75 patrons)Their home made bread cart, dessert cart and former cheese carts are a sight to behold and even more tastier then they look (if that's possible).We got the 15 course degustation ($500pp) and even though a few dishes were a hot and miss (personal preference). It was definitely the best feed we had. Very innovative cooking, visually appealing and something that will turn you into mush as soon as it touches your tongue.And to put the cherry on top, they give you a farewell gift as you leave, consisting of: lemon cake, the tasting menu, and a booklet about the chef and his restaurants.
5	This was our second time dining at Joel Robuchon and it was even better than the first time! The limo from our hotel to the Mansion entrance begins the evening. Our hostess guided us through the Mansion to Joel Robuchon. We had some Veuve Clicquot while we met the team and made our choices.We quickly settled on the Degustation menu and wine pairings.The bread cart is impossible to resist (even knowing how much food was coming)!The first course was a very interesting sea urchin dish.The second course was violet artichoke and foie gras salad.The third course was a spectacular caviar trio!The fourth course was a meticulous egg Florentine with  Didier Dagueneau Pouilly-Fume.The fifth course was a brilliant scallop Saint-Jacques.The sixth course was a spectacular white truffle trio! The 2011 Jean Chartron Puligny-Montrachet was a very nice discovery.The seventh dish was a couple of perfect bites of lobster.The eighth dish was a wonderful Black Cod.  The spicy 2008 Joseph Roty Gevrey-Chamertin was a great contrast.The ninth dish was a duo of duck breast and foie gras. The earthiness of the 2000 Gaia Grosset paired well.The dessert courses were wonderful and the 2007 Chateau Rieussec Sauternes was spectacular!The dessert cart is also spectacular and impossible to resist!We were then given a cake to take home!The restaurant reminds me of an elegant Parisian salon. Thanks to the Joel Robochon team for a memorable evening of spectacular food!
5	Espectacular!You have to try the 15 dish menu, eat everything you wont regret a bit.Make reservation, other wise it will be hard to get in. Pretty pricy so be prepared, awesome dinner, one of the best restaurants ive ever tasted.
5	Absolutely the best meal we've ever had. From the atmosphere, to the details of the restaurant to the food. Every bite was amazing. The bread cart and dessert cart alone would have been enough. The only thing I had a problem with was when they brought out the dessert menu when we specifically ordered a pre fix menu that did not include the dessert, only the dessert cart. It felt like they were trying to sneak in extra costs. When I said no to dessert our waiter said he assumed i was on a liquid diet the rest f the night and asked if I wanted coffee. Obviously i wasn't on a liquid diet if I was going to be eating off the dessert cart! That was kind of insulting but I won't take off a star for that, because over all the food was to die for.  I think we tried almost every mini dessert off the cart. The other thing that bothered me that didn't have to do with the restaurant was the group next to us wearing jeans and farting and burping the whole time...gross and disrespectful. Next time i would love to try the 16 course vegetarian menu. Wonderful evening!
5	Where do I even begin!We took the 15 course Degustation menu and every bite was worth the $$$$.Visually enchanting, great aromas, amazing taste, basically everything you expect from a 3 Michelin place.2 dislikes:1) Everything was very hush hush.. Our server spoke so softly, it took 100% of my concentration to understand2) My husband ordered some "made -to-order" desserts and our server completely forgot about it and brought the check directly.But nonetheless, we had one of the best times here!
5	Since moving to Las Vegas have wanted to try this restaurant--have heard many good things and it has a three star Michelin rating.  Was able to dine here on Monday, decided to go with the full 16 course dinner with wine pairing.  The overall atmosphere was very elegant, had a table on the "patio" which had the live plant terraces and had the feeling of being outside, very enjoyable.  The staff seemed very educated on the dinner and the sommelier was very helpful and knowledgeable about the wines.  The restaurant has a very nice selection of wines.  The 16 course dinner was prepared nicely overall, had several intricate details for decoration and most of the courses were delicious.  Only noticed a few areas that were not up to the three star standard--the seared scallop with lemongrass, broccolini and soybean sprouts cooked with risotto was not seared, was poached and was a little overdone--somewhat rubbery.  The duo of duck breast and foie gras was also overcooked--rubbery--and did not have a crispy outside skin.  The caramelized black cod in Malabar pepper sauce with bok choy was fabulous--very well prepared, flakey, moist, and very full of flavor.  My overall rating of this restaurant is very very good, I definitely enjoyed the meal and the experience--the service was fantastic and the food was a marvel to see as well as to eat.  I would say it is an experience to dine here, somewhat pricey but overall I believe it is worth the three stars from Michelin.                             My courses consisted of:  Assortment of freshly made breads from the bread trolleySea urchin on delicate beef gelee and carrot velvet creamViolet artichoke and foie gras salad with parmesan shavingsOsetra caviar with salmon tartareAsparagus in a turmeric vinaigrette, king crab on crustacean geleeSemi-soft boiled egg Florentine with Comte cheese sauceSeared scallop with lemongrass, broccolini and soybean sprouts cooked as a risottoThin veloute of porcini mushrooms with a jasmine rice creamCrispy Matsu take and foie gras ravioliVeal raviolis cooked in broth and white truffleRoasted spiny lobster with green curry and fresh corianderCaramelized black cod in Malabar pepper sauce with bok choyDuo of duck breast and foie gras, five spice sweet and sour grapes with gingerCoconut lime parfait topped with elderflower liqueur gelee and compressed pineappleCaramelized vanilla apples tarte tatin with calvados ice creamAssorted sweets from the sweet trolley                         The sommelier's wine pairings:Chablis Grand Cru, Vaudesirs, Domaine William Fevre, Burgundy 2008Riesling Grand Cru Schlossberg, Cuvee Saint Catherine, Domaine Weinbach, Alsace 2012Beaune 1st Cru Clos de Mouches, Domaine Joseph Drouhin, Burgundy 2008Morey-Saint-Denis 1st Cru, Clos des Ormes, Domaine Lecheneaut, Burgundy 2007Chateau Leoville-Las Cases, Saint-Julien, Bordeaux 2002Selection de Grains Nobles Pinot Gris, Domaine Zind-Humbrecht, Alsace 2007
5	THE best restautant in Vegas...period. The bread cart, the service, the intimacy, the presentation, the care, the experience. There is no equal in Las Vegas. Well deserving of its 3 star Michelin. That is all...Root Out.
5	Chef Joel Robuchon's restaurant is my siren song...love, love, love it!  A gorgeous little jewel box, stars removed from the casino.  The decor, bar, cuisine, wine list, staff and service, all so perfect, I could rhapsodize about the myriad joys I've experienced here forever.  The many, many times I've enjoyed the 16 course tasting menu, so truly scrumptious and amazing offerings, executed so perfectly and plated so exquisitely it's almost a crime to eat them!  Executive Chef Claude Le Tohic is a true gem and helms the venue like the marvel it truly is!  My favorite restaurant in the country!
5	We enjoyed the 15 course tasting menu as a celebration for myself and my wife, whose birthday it was. The food was fantastic. I have dined at many top restaurants, including other three Michelin star restaurants, and this equals if not tops them all. The Decour of the dining room was amazing, but not over-the-top. In addition, the waiting staffwas friendly, but not pretentious. Overall, the dishes were amazing, but I did have my favorites.in particular, the last of the 15 courses was awesome! it was done in the shape of the mushroom. The only thing that could be improved is finding some other way to affix the dishes to the serving platters besides make me a double loop of scotch tape, but there was nothing disappointing out of all the 15 courses.The black cod it was amazing, and the truffle corn puree was out of this world. Even though we had 15 courses, they left plenty of time in between courses and you were not feeling overly stuffed.although the price tag is high, compared to other three Michelin star restaurants, it is well worth it at least once. You won't be disappointed if you choose to get the 15 course tasting menu.
5	Amazing presentation, great atmosphere, food was great some hit or misses. Well worth the money spent. Will be adding pictures later.
5	The wife and I celebrated our 4th anniversary here while were were in Vegas over the Thanksgiving Holiday.  The service at this place is top notch.  The staff really pamper their guests.  Once arriving at the restaurant, we were immediately seated on the indoor patio.  It was very secluded as it felt like we were in a garden.  The one thing I noticed about all the servers is that they speak quietly to you.  This enhances the tranquility of the dining experience.  The other people dining are quiet as well.I ordered a cocktail and it was quite excellent.  It was nice that the bartender used a sphere of ice to keep my drink cool.  This ensured that it would not be watered down during my enjoyment of the beverage.We decided to each order one of the Prix Fixe options.  After ordering, the bread cart was rolled over and we chose the breads we wanted.  Our dinner was elegantly served and additional bread was brought to us when needed.  After we completed our meals, the sweet cart was rolled over.  We then sampled numerous sweets in addition to the dessert that was included in our meal.We really enjoyed our dining experience here.  I would recommend this place to anybody looking for an exceptional dining experience.
4	This is one of the most beautiful restaurants by one of the most well known chefs in the world.   They never seat more than a couple tables per seating time and the restaurant is never completely full so you get the complete attention of the staff.   I indulged in the baked bread selection, mint pea soup, artichoke salad, lobster red curry, cheese selection, and lastly desserts!  Everything was amazing and I love being able to choose bread off a cart that was baked that day.  I would pass on the cheese selection and adding an extra dessert.  Being from the SF Bay Area we have superb cheese and freshly baked desserts and I actually wasn't that impressed with those particular items.   This is one of the most expensive meals of the year as well at around $300 with gratuity.
5	To celebrate our recent nuptials we decided to dine at Joel Robuchon. What an amazing experience and definitely worth the price!The highlights: the bread cart and the incredible butter and olive oil offered, fois gras cooked to perfection, lobster with chestnuts (not something you typically see combined together but tasted great!), mashed potatoes, and an incredible cheese cart.  Don't get me wrong, each course was delicious but those were the stars!We had the Sommelier do a wine paring with our meal and it was well worth the cost!  How can you settle on one bottle with so many variances between courses.Our only regret is by the time it came to dessert we were so full that we skipped that course.So, just when you think you can't eat one more bite, here they come with a "candy" cart, and of course you have to try a few things. The service was impeccable!  Would love to eat here again!If you have the opportunity to eat here, do it!
5	Absolutely fantastic in every way!   Service is impeccable.   Food spectacular.  Wine list is awesome, William can definitely help you pick a great wine. Intimate setting, perfect for a date. The fried egg in phylo dough was definitely a crowd pleaser.  The poulet fermier is a must, and yes, I know it is chicken...but it will be some of the best you have ever had. The crab salad, basically a deconstructed salad was off the charts.  Save room and pace yourself, it is a lot of food.
4	I have had the pleasure to dine here twice. The menu is seasonal and amazing. The first time I dined here was with someone who has been dining here for many years and they added a salad course off the menu. The service is impeccable and wine selection first rate. If you can splurge, this is a great place to do so!
5	I am fully aware that French food isn't quite my thing. Joel Robuchon  that, the service at Joel Robuchon is impeccable. They require men to wear jackets (they have some available in case you or your date forget) so keep in mind that this is s special occasion place. They only do tasting menus and I had the 5 courses with wine accompaniment which was pretty good. I wasn't sold on all of the courses and would not go again due to the very steep price. But, if French food is your thing, it is worth a visit.
4	Excellent Restaurant! My wife and myself took a fantastic night. But One thing I was disappointed is that we couldn't have enough time to talk about served dish, wine, etc. with staff due to many guests there. During drinking coffee, the staff came and left the bill softly on the table. I felt it might be smart behavior, but I would like to have a little bit chat with them. Anyway, we will be back in the near future.
