5	A true French cafe serving authentic French fare hidden in a cluster of tall office buildings.  Look no farther for pastries, croissants, a nicoise salad...  seriously the best chocolate croissant I have had anywhere in Phoenix.
4	So far (after two visits) I love it here.  Armed with a menu, I called down to place a "to go" order.  You can't begin to imagine my delight when the guy answered the phone in a French accent so thick it was hard to understand.  I placed my order for the "half sandwich and side" deal (extremely reasonable at $5.60) and ran down to get it.  I ordered the mozzarella sandwich minus the prosciutto, and the pasta salad for the side.  Regular readers may know that in my opinion, nothing beats a good mozzarella sandwich, so I was absolutely thrilled to find that it was delicious.  Nice crunchy baguette, fresh mozzarella, and flavorful tomatoes.  The pasta salad was also very good... very simple, just cold pasta with some olive oil and seasonings.  I'm not a super adventurous eater, so while I loved the pasta salad I would guess that others might find it a tad boring.Today I had the tomato basil ravioli soup, which was very good except that it was a little skimpy on the raviolis.  Flavor was delicious, though.  It comes with a few toasted slices of baguette.  Personally, next time I'll just order a fresh baguette to go along with it.The entrees and full sandwiches are a little more pricey, but I'm a light eater, so the half sandwich/side deal is an absolute steal for me.  There's not a sandwich on the menu that doesn't sound mouth watering, and the desserts.... oh my god I wanted one of each.  Add in the extremely friendly service (who said Frenchmen were rude??) and I'm happy to say i've found my new lunch spot.Edited to add:  As far as I can tell, they're open in the evenings too, so next time yo find yourself seeing a movie at the Esplanade, stop by Au Petit Four (right by the escalators) for some yum.
5	A rare authentic gem in Phoenix. This is the best french bakery / bistro in the Valley. The owner is from Lyon and has been here with his family for 10 years or so. His french pastry chef is extraordinary. Very unique find - imported directly from France as well. He's probably 80 and has prefected so many of his recipes. All of the pastries here are truly awesome.I haven't eaten here for lunch. But, the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good.
4	Another place I've been visiting for years and forgot to review. Everyone else has said a ton about the food. The pastries are, indeed, great. I can indulge my weakness for almond croissant. Nice option for a peaceful lunch. OK -- here's why I really love this place. A few years ago, the owner put up some paintings by a friend of his from Lyon. There was an about-the-artist sign on the wall. All it said was "He paint just during the night." Minus one star for the Malthusian disaster that is the Esplanade parking garage.
4	This was a delightful find as I wandered from the Ritz Carlton in search of a quick lunch.  The owner parle francais, as il vient de Lyon, and even when he speaks English he mixes in French words.  Having grown up around French-speakers, I found this comforting and home-like.I got the zucchini soup and loved it.  Had cream in it, but not too much for a low-fat item-seeker.  It came with a delicious baguette.  While I've never been to France, I've heard rumors of how flavorful the bread is and this bread seems to match the descriptions I've heard.Their menu offers several options for those who are calorie/fat conscious.  Several salads and healthy soups.  The "house" salad has salmon with lemon and olive oil on mixed greens, not the average house salad in the US, and makes for a refreshing change of pace.   The menu also includes several dishes with duck.Sitting on a table near the cashier are several magazines to flip through, mostly french.  So, I entertained myself during my meal by reading through a french recipe magazine.  Marveilleux!
4	Love, love, love the goat cheese and leeks quiche and salad combo (love the mini-baguette, as well).  If you like hazelnut, you MUST try the hazelnut royale.  Totally decadent!!  The croissants are magnifique!  I like the chocolate and the almondine the best.I really must return soon to sample more of the lunch fare.
3	This is another lunch option in my building. It is, though, decidedly hit or miss. I usually stick with the quiches or something from the bakery, all of which have been good, esp. the croissants. They also have great coffee and espresso drinks and serve the little bottles of fizzy french lemonade that make you feel less like you are at work. Still, there are some drawbacks. My frequent dining companion usually gets a sandwich, and, according to him, they have ranged from passable to inedible.
3	Love this place, SO quaint and lovely. The owners are incredibly sweet which makes it impossible for me to be mad at them for making their food so damn expensive. Seriously, $8.20 for a baguette slapped with butter (mind you, deLICious butter), ham and a small side salad?! Zut alors.Yet I keep coming back like a battered wife. Maybe it's the way the owner exclaims "Bon Appetit!" as he's serving your meal. And he means it. It's adorable.
4	A friend of mine and I have been going here for lunch for a while. Our tradition would include escaping from school/work on Mondays and meeting up here for lunch. The coffee is good, the pastries are great, and the food is excellent. They used to have this iced tea there (but seemed to have swapped it for something else as of late) that was unbelievable. We called it the "Tea of Freedom." It tasted like a promising adventure awaiting you just around the corner. Stop laughing! It was really damn good iced tea. But just as it came into my life, it was gone just as elusively.The owners are accommodating and charming. On slow days we would see him sitting outside with a demitasse of espresso and reading French newspaper, only to hop to his feet when we walked in. It does appear the prices have gone up, and they're approaching steepness for a cafe, but this is the Biltmore after all. Highlight: Don't know what to get? Ask for a recommendation. You won't be sorry.
3	Not the best croissant I've had and the almondine was a bit tough.  The owners are very pleasant in that European way and make you feel welcome.  I'll have to try them for a Euro sandwich sometime since I seem to like them better than I liked their pastry.  Sometimes its not just about the food, and this is one of those places, so I am hoping for a reason to return frequently.
5	**Update: Catherine, one of the owners, sent me a very sweet message thanking me for the business and wishing me a happy holiday. You can't put a price on such good nature!
2	Conveniently located on the way in to the movie theater, my mom and I popped in here for a snack to smuggle in to the movie. Nothing makes my mom happier than a good bakery, but actually nothing here looked great to me. Perhaps it was the time of day?  I think we stopped in at about 7pm.I settled on a big chocolate chip cookie that was WAY too sweet.  Like, inedible.  My mom loved her danish thing that she ate the next morning, though.  And service was very friendly.
4	Who knew a chocolate croissant could be so hard to find!   I'll always love Au Petit Four because they helped solve my craving - one that I had for three months.Actually, my husband and I have been back many times - just for desert - and enjoyed every visit.  We met the owner (I think), who happily shared   tips of where to visit outside of Paris. (If they guy wasn't the owner, I don't care because he was charming, French, and made us feel special.)I want to go back and try an actual meal. But with certainty - it will always be a favorite spot for desert.
3	Stopped by to check on what's on display.  Decided on the apple turnover ($3.95) and my favorite Au Petit Four item, the hazelnut royale ($6).  Was surprised at the new cost- I recalled it being around $4.50 last time I visited, but  Catherine informed me that the price increased $1 only.  If only I wasn't so enamored by the hazelnut wafer crust...  My fave pastry did not disappoint; If only I could say the same about the turnover :(    I'd just tried a HUGE apple turnover ($3.95) offered at The Farm Kitchen @ the Farm at South Mountain the day before that had cubed apples in the filling, so I was expecting cubed apples in this French pastry, especially at the price I paid, but alas, it was filled with applesauce.  The flaky pastry was satisfyingly crispy, I'll credit APF that.  But applesauce??  You've been warned.(Uploaded some photos.  Hope you enjoy!)UPDATE:  Catherine emailed to inform me that they fill their turnovers with "superpomme," a French import made with real apples w/o preservatives nor added sugar.
4	This place gets 4 stars just for existing. I was in Phoenix for work, trekking around for lunch near my hotel. I went down a narrow unmarked alley that happened to have a string of shops wedged in between two soul-less office buildings. And there is this authentic french bistro, staffed with friendly french folks serving up excellent food. I had the hamburger lunch special. Very good, although even better if they would spring for slightly more lean meat (a bit greezy). Went back the next morning for breakfast, very good eggs.
5	One thing about Phoenix is that it's near impossible to find French food, and good French food at that. Well, look no further than Au Petit Four. I'm French, so I've got to admit that I've got a bias for eating at a French place that serves real French food by French people. The owner is really cool and makes sure that everything is tip-top while you're eating. To be honest, everything is pretty pricey but it's totally worth it and I don't think that there's such a thing as cheap French food anyway.Be sure to check out the quiche lorraine and to try one of the eclairs. The only thing that is painfully missing from this place is having a stock of Orangina in the fridge, but c'est la vie, non?
2	I stopped by for a ham and cheese croissant two weeks ago, and I can't recall the last time I felt so ripped off.  I actually wanted to get my hazelnut royale fix, but balked at the price tag- $6 a piece!  After a few minutes, the male owner talked me into trying the croissant.  After he heated it up in the microwave, he charged me $8, plus tax, which I felt was too much, esp. for a croissant that is almost a day old.  I wished it was more crispy, but since it was microwaved, the bottom was very soggy, and only the very top layers were slightly crispy.  After a few bites, I perused through tthe take-out menu and couldn't find the croissant under the dinner menu; Instead, I found it under the breakfast menu- $5.95 with white sauce, and $6.55 with scrambled eggs.  So I was charged $8 for a plain ham and cheese croissant that was a breakfast leftover??  I left very disappointed with my dinner selection that day, and with ever-increasing prices, I won't be coming back soon, if ever.
4	I have been looking for a cute French cafe for a while and stumbled into Au Petit Four by accident. It is my new favorite French place in Phoenix. The people working there were French, were speaking French, and had French music playing. The doors were open and the air was chilly and it almost felt like I was in France. I had a croissant for a snack with an espresso, then tried the spinach quiche and a pastry. It wasn't cheap, but it is located in the Biltmore, so no surprise. I'm very impressed and can't wait to go back.
2	I was disappointed in the quality of the pastries at this place. We stopped in for a late afternoon sweet snack and were delighted at the selection of cakes in the case. I chose a raspberry mouse and chocolate which was dry perhaps it was old? My mom had a hazelnut and chocolate mousse cake on praline crust which was also dry although the crust was good. My sister's strawberry shortcake was the only seemingly fresh pastry we ordered that day.The prices here are on the high side and they won't even serve you tap water in a glass if you request. You must purchase the bottled water so don't expect to save a few $$ on your drink.Maybe I came on an off day because it looks like several other reviewers didn't have the freshness problem I did.
5	Au Petit Four makes amazing French pastries!  I used them for an office catering event, and they provided trays with all sorts of their bon bons, petit fours, etc.  It tasted like France, and its been hard to find French pastries with such quality, until they came to down.  Merci au petit four, pour tous que vous fetes!
2	Pricey due to high esplanade rent. Great stop before or after your AMC. Choose pastries not baguette. --wow. $65 for two sandwiches with side salads, bottle of lemonade, sparkling water and dessert.  --baguettes not authentic. --pasta salad bland--but its all about the bread for a proper sandwich mixte avec crudities. And this bread was NOT it. --great cafe feel and French owners lend authenticity--worth it for the the pastries. Still on a quest for the proper French baguette.
4	Au Petit Four was a fabulous lunch find! Located in the Esplanade, its tucked into a nice spot behind Houston's. Simple Decor, nice patio and plenty of tables. Lunch was so tasty! I ordered the lunch combo, 1/2 a cold sandwich and soup. The soup was a minestrone and it was so fresh! The noodles were nice and firm and there were tons of vegetables and beans. For the sandwich I ordered the Prosciutto & Brie and it was awesome! For 2 lunch combos, 2 beverages and 2 pastries the total came to $31, not bad for a fabulous french lunch! I will definitely be back :)
4	Au Petit Four makes its home in an unassuming location within the Esplanade. This is a great little bakery and the perfect caffeine fix during the workday. While I haven't had a chance to try their croissants and baked goods, they smelled delicious and I'm counting the days until my return. Their iced coffee is spectacular. The sugar free vanilla and Carmel is straight from France and it makes the perfect blend of refreshing coffee with a huge caffeinated kick. The staff is friendly and they have great seating to stay for awhile and do work. So in summary, Au Petit Four is tres bon for baking, coffee and work essentials and I look forward to coming back and trying out their food!
4	A great French bakery without having to deal with the French pretension.  The sandwiches are good but the true joy comes from biting into one of their fresh pastries.  Well done Mr. Pierre Dufour.
4	I come to this French baker whenever I feel like splurging on myself with sweets. It can be a bit pricey compare to your regular supermarket pastries, starting from $5 a piece. My friend introduce me to this bakery and I love it. I am not a fan of sweet, but I love the pastries here because it is not loaded with sugar.I have try their fruit tarts, strawberry mousse, and chocolate mousse and they are all very smooth and creamy. This place also serve breakfast and lunch menu, which I have not yet try.
5	LOVE their pastries, all of them, just awesome!  Chocolate Croissants..yum, could eat those every morning!  If you go see a movie, stop by and pick up  a sinful treat and head to your movie..definitely worth the money..more than the popcorn!
2	The scrambled eggs with croissant were good. Ambiance is non-existent. No french bakery feel at all. The products looked semi-appealing. Had a really hard time trying to find the damn place as it is hidden under a gargantuan office building. I would not by any means call this a "great" french bakery.
5	Pierre and his lovely wife are the very best! True french bakers! Their pastries and sandwiches are delicate and so beautifully made!  True works of art and one can tell they care! Such personable people! If you love true french cakes, and pastries, this is the very best Ive ever had! GO!
4	This place was delicious.  It is a little pricey, but it is French food.  The pastries were to die for, and we had a hard time choosing which ones to get!  We wanted to try them all.  It is difficult to understand the owners' english, but if you listen carefully they are a delight to talk to!! :)I really enjoyed this place!!
3	they post daily lunch specials in the window...yesterday I had a ham croissant for $5 and it was fantastic! just the right amount of meat, lettuce tomato, cheese & condiments and the croissant was warm from the grill.  I plan to stop by again soon.
4	Authentic French cuisine!Lunch was delightful.  The turkey panini is delicious.  It was served with a simple green side salad -  just my style.  Fortunately (for my waistline only), I skipped over the desserts.  They were tempting, though.  The tarts and mousse looked divine.  The dining experience was elevated by the attentiveness of the owners.  They were extremely friendly and genuinely concerned about my enjoyment of the meal. Oh, their accents didn't hurt either!  Tres magnifique!
4	This place is very delightful, its just a pity that the location is so obscure that they will have to move soon if they plan to keep their business alive. As many have said, it is tucked in the middle of many large buildings and since the AMC is under construction, the business has dropped considerably. Anyways, the review the food, we ordered the highly yelp reviewer recommended chocolate croissant, the ham and cheese quiche and a last minute decision of the almond croissant.Chocolate croissant: The pastry is flaky and has the right amount of chocolate. The chocolate filling itself is not too sweet and would definitely be a fav for dark chocolate lovers. Ham and cheese quiche: it was good, no complaints at all!Almond croissant: This was a surprise and we actually preferred it over the chocolate croissant. It was buttery, gooey and flaky with a hint of almond and powdered sugar. Again, not too sweet and finger lickin' good. Like many have said previously, it is a bit pricey but considering my mouth was happy, I didn't mind. If and when they decide to move, I will be sure to check their website and follow them to their new location.Side note: if you are planning to come here, be sure to call because they have had to decrease their hours of operation. Also, they had a sign that said they will not be serving dinner in August.
1	This place is horrible.  The sandwhich/paninis can be summarized as follows.  They take some french bread, put maybe a slice of meat or two on it, but no more, and toast it.  They have absolutely no meat on them.  You will leave hungry, along with lunch taking a bite out of your pocket book.  Pricey and bad service.  I have eaten here 3 times, as I used to work in the vicinity, and every time I had absolutely horrible service.  I always have to get up and ask for napkins, refills, silverware, whatever it may be.  Also, there pastry selection is always inconsistent.  I have also had several of their muffins.  They are ok, but not anything special.I would not recommend this place and certainly will not go back.
1	OVERPRICED AND OVERRATED!!!!I cannot believe how much money I spent here for two sandwiches and two sodas.  $25.46The mozzerlla panini had tasteless tomatoes, the thinnest slice of procutto that had a large peice of fat in it causing me to nearly gag.  Plesto sauce was okay.The roast beef sandwhich was a huge dissappointement.  Two thick slices of overdone beef, two thick slices of cheese and a tasteless tomatoe with the top hard vine connector still attached (who wants to eat that?).  When I say thick, I mean, 1/6 thick but did not cover from side to side of the bread.  These sandwhiches were $9.50 each!!!!We got one with pasta salad (corkscrew pasta and a dressing, no veggies or color) and a green salad (lettuce and dressing, nothing else).We also got two diet cokes.  In a can!!!!  For $2.25 each!!  They did'nt offer a glass, ice and straw which in my oppinion might account for the upcharge, but no, nothing, niet.This place might be okay if you are in the area, at the building working or visiting someone, but we drove from Ahwatukee.  So not worth it.  Do not drive to this place.  Do not go out of your way for this place.
5	The most Amazing Croissants I've had outside of Paris. My husband and enjoyed omlettes with croissants.  We shared a Chocolate Croissant with coffee and savored every bite. I bought 2 more Chocolate Croissants to bring home for my daughters. Authentic French pastries and the staff is very kind. The best part, no wait or noisy crowds on a Saturday morning. This place is definitely a treasure worth every penny. We'll be back for more yummy French cuisine. Come and taste for yourself!
1	So let me preface this one star with the fact that we never did eat here. The reason is because despite the fact that the website says they close at 9:30 on Saturday, they actually were closed by 8:00 when we went there....TWICE! Note to Au Petit Four, this is 2011 and either update your website or inform people if you close early because it is slow. We drove from Southern Scottsdale to Arcadia and it was a waste of time. Also, waste of groupon money!
5	Literally ran into this delicious place this morning with a friend while taking a nice run around Old Town Scottsdale bright & early. They just moved here from the Biltmore & I could not be happier about it! We devoured the ham and swiss croissant, which was to die for, while sipping on great coffee. Can't wait to go back & try more of the food!
5	OK, after the Thai place at that location closed I began to wonder what will open in its place? At some point this was also some kind of Mediterranean restaurant, but never went there. After almost two months of watching people come in and out of that place, they were ready for business. I was a little hesitant at first, but I walked in for lunch and I really liked what I had, but, I noticed that they a pastry display and began to wonder what kind they had. So, about three weeks after my initial visit I walked in and went straight to the pastry display. I purchased a couple of croissants and two of what the owner described as King's Torte (an Epiphany staple). Although it set me back almost $20.00, I must say it was worth every penny. I haven't returned for lunch, but I make at least one stop a week to get my sweet fix. You have to try it one day.
1	Review 2/5/12We were searching for a place to end the night with dessert.  We found Au Petit Four on Yelp and their were .4 miles from where we were.  COOL!  And we had their desserts before at the Esplanda location, so we know the the stuff is good.  Parking was almost impossible.  It is hard to find a space but we have a promise of good desserts so we grab the kids and walked.  They have only been in the new location for 6 weeks.  It was pretty nice.  So we all walked to the dessert case.  Everything looked good.  We settled on:1 Coffee, 3 Bottled waters, 1 Lemonade, 1 mango cake, 2 creme brulees, 1 white chocolate cake, and 1 large chocolate chip cookie.  There wasn't a pricing for any of the things we ordered, so when he came to tell us our bill was $48.50.  We were shocked.  WHAT?  No detailed bill?  The kids were tired and we just wanted to leave.  10 items for $48.50 = Average $4.85 per item since we don't know the prices (non alcohol drinks and dessert)!  REALLY?????  I feel a little ripped off.
4	I stumbled on this place while going for lunch some place else and picked up their take away menu to remind myself to try it when I had time.Sunday brunch seemed like a good time to check it out.I had a fresh croissant with smoked salmon, cream cheese, Dill, 2 eggs scrambled, a bottle of their carbonated french lemonade and took a Dark Chocolate Mousse on a crispy Hazelnuts to go. Everything was very tasty, it was fairly quite, with about 4 tables being served. My bill came to $19.99Prices were clearly marked on the menu for the brunch.But not for the pastries, which wasn't a surprise to me, since I've seen it done that way before. Keep in mind that pastries can seem slightly pricey for some...It's a cute place and the owner and staff was very friendly, everything was clean.I'm going to try something for breakfast tomorrow and will definitely try it again!
5	I really love this new location. It look cute and feel like I got lose into France. My favorite are chocolate croissant and black forest cake.
1	Update 3/22/12 - Judy B. has deleted the review.Update 3/19/12 - Frenchie B. is user Judy B. now.  Updated 3/16/12:First I was glad to see the owner private message regarding our experience there, that was nice.  But then I noticed the same user end "Frenchie B." wrote a review for Au Petit Four too.  Private Message:  "May be you were shocked by the price you paid, let me tell you we did not rise our price from the esplanade.  You 2 cakes and 2 creme brulee and they are the most expensive of the 10 items ingredients we use are very expensive and high quality.  You should ask the detail bill to Pierre there is no reason you did not have it.  Do not feel ripped off, I feel sorry, because you came over to Scottsdale, but I also Hope to see you again soon.  Thank you and have a nice week end."Part of their review on 3/9/12 states: "Also,  if 50 dollars is to expensive for you after having 2 sodas especially the delicious lemonades who are from france so they are more expensive then a can of coke, 2 meals and 2 desserts then mcdonalds is better for you..price wise of course." After review their review, I was shock to see how they think about their customers.  How 2 faced can you get.  Nice in the private message and then blast a customer on a public review.  If I would have had 2 drinks, 2 meals, and 2 desserts for $50, that is a great deal.  We had 5 non-alcoholic drinks, 4 desserts, and a cookie for $48.50.  You know, we should have taken the kids to McDonalds for dessert.  To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/au-petit-four-scottsdale#hrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA
1	After reading Judy F. 's update, I will no longer go to this establishment.  I was a BIG supporter of this cafe when it was at the Esplanade, however reading Judy B. or Frenchie B's comments, private and a review, I will never send anyone there.  And I've sent many, saying the desserts are wonderful.  The desserts may be wonderful, however, that type of attitude is not needed from those who are related to the owners or who are the owners.   Very disappointing.  Desserts are worth more than Mc D's yes however the attitude is not worth my time, therefore, I will have my caramel sundae for a $1or support another local cafe.   All yelpers try to help locals, however, this cafe doesn't seem to care and approach the reviews very defensively.
2	Please be aware that this review is for food that we ordered and not the pastries, which looked to be very tasty. My husband and I ordered different omlettes, and were not impressed with the size or the taste.  While they were not awful, they cost did not balance out the blandness.  The lady who served us did a great job, but seemed to be the only one to take care of just about everything except the actual cooking.
2	I stopped in here for lunch one day last week.  I had been wanting to check it out for a while since it is just down the street from my office.  The reviews saying it was expensive kept me away but now after seeing the menu I don't think it so bad compared to other places in the area.  You really can't get a lunch for less than $10 anywhere in Old Town Scottsdale unless you do fast food or the food court in the mall.  I thought the place was decorated super cute and with a nice relaxing atmosphere and the staff was very friendly.But the food was just kind of average.  I had a 1/2 panini and soup and they both pretty much tasted like something I could make at home.  I also took home a couple of pastries (now those are way overpriced, I agree) that also were not too impressive.  I will definitely give them another try just since they are so close.  Hopefully some of their other menu items will be better.  They did have great smelling cappuccinos so I may try to sneak out some time for a mid-morning coffee and croissant.I think this is a cute little French cafe to stop by for a quick lunch if you are in the area but I would definitely agree with Suzanne S. that it is not a destination restaurant at all.  There are a lot better options nearby.
4	Who are these penny squeezing, sour puss, little fusspots on a mission to slander this place? HERE'S THE TRUTH: the owner, PIERRE (yes, that's right, the most French name any Frenchman could have) is from Lyons, France (that's right, the culinary capital) and is passionate about good food. His pastries are fantastic. They have a new FRENCH chef who makes amazing and authentic French food.  -- Are you getting the theme here: FRENCH from FRANCE!!!It is superb food. The owner couldn't be nicer. Service was excellent. And, here's the deal with the prices. The have this thing called a 'menu' which lists, in an itemized fashion, adjacent to each dish, the PRICE. You can actually calculate what the bill will be by summing each item ordered, adding tax and tip. -- I know, completely crazy new concept; but they have it here, and it works beautifully. That way, you won't be shocked by the prices. Another thing: This is SCOTTSDALE, which is like the Beverly Hills of Arizona. Real estate is expensive; the clientele expects good product and pays for it. You don't walk into Barneys of NY and SCREAM how frigg'n expensive it is and how you can get pants in Walmart for a fraction of the price. -That would reflect poorly on YOU, not Barneys. -- Same goes for this place. Bottom line: GREAT food, GREAT service, STUPID reviewers.
1	Food mediocre, pastries days old, service lousy (3 other tables arriving after me were served first), dirty dishes, floors, windows, bathroom.  Place is a dump!
4	I was quite impressed very charming and kinda romantic to have a nice lunch , The service was friendly and attentive the lunch specials were good too ! The only disapointing thing is there is no soda fountain but other than that it's all good the pasties were very tasty and I look forward to going back soon.
2	Was a sad disappointment.  I was sad to see Nearby Metro close, it's waitstaff killed it, so we were happy to see this place open up nearby. This little place was not the most "french" decorated place, having been a Thai place before, but I don't care about that. I presume the owners were who were there, very nice, and attentive, but the food was lacking in what I have grown to expect in French Cuisine. Having grown up with it in the home and having traveled to France a lot, I can say it was about average, as sometimes, even in France, they have an off day in the kitchen.The prices were about what I would expect in the area, not too terribly high, not low either, and fair if the food is great, which it was not, but I think could be, and sometimes probably is.We ordered the fixed price menu. We both had escargot. Was not very hot, even though the plate was, but it was good. (When are garlic and butter not?). My entree was the Beef Bourguignon. Some of the meat was tender, some tough, inconsistent temperature in the serving, but the flavor was good despite the meat toughness. Potatoes were good, and as customary with French cuisine, a lot!My wife had the Port au feu de la mer. the Fish was not too fresh tasting, and she didn't finish it. It didn't smell great either. She wanted the Vol-a-vent, but they didn't have it. The pastries were what we were looking forward to, and they tasted a day or two old. You could taste everything in the cooler they were exposed to. What a bummer. I'm sure they were fantastic when they were fresh.The restaurant was pretty empty on saturday evening, which may be an indication of why the food was not the best. If they had higher traffic, I'm sure the quality would be better. It may be the hidden location off Scottsdale Rd across from Gilligan's, not exactly the same clientele, or the run down appearance of the building, but something is keeping people away. Maybe it's the reviews. We may try it again, but perhaps for lunch.Having read the other reviews, I hope the owners take these comments as constructive. French food is hard to do well, but it can be done with fresh ingredients, so hopefully the guy in the back with the T-shirt that says "CHEF" on it learns from this.
3	This place is tucked away on a side street right off of North Scottsdale Road. Away from the busy main street and all the other loud obnoxious restaurants (people) Scottsdale is filled with.  There is one woman in particular who works here who is an absolute rock star. She's younger and every time I'v interacted with her my experience has been amazing. She is kind, patient, and once even delivered my lunch order to my past work space near by. Its a local and family run business which i love to support! Although the man and older woman who work there haven't given me the best service when I've gone in. The woman talked on the phone the entire time she was helping me and I almost felt rushed by her to make a decision with my order making me feel like her phone call was much more important than a paying customer. Not so cool.Anything you order from Au Petit Four will be delicious. Whether is a beverage, a pastry, or a meal, you'll be happy. The prices are pretty steep for consistent lunch visits but every once in a while you can stop in here. Average spending amount on lunch will be around $15 after tip. One time i ordered a fruit tart and a small soy latte and I still spent $11. I thought that was pretty price BUT they make everything fresh and there is something to be said about that. They do have a half sandwich/half salad lunch option for $7 but prepare to spend $9 or $10 after tip. Its a decent sized lunch for the most but men, you may need something bigger! The goat cheese panini is ridiculously good and their lattes are super yummy. I love that they add a fresh green (no iceberg!) salad with their panini's and that its a lemon olive oil dressing on the side. I adore the idea of supporting this place, so here's to the young woman who kills it in the service department! and to all the fresh delicious food!
2	A very friendly, true Frenchman. A very proud owner. Curbside appeal is non existent. The interior is inviting & charming. The pastry display is disappointing & a bit unkept, but makes up in true cultural flavor. Although only three stars, hoping to see this business supported.
5	The pastries here are awesome. They are the best in the valley. The owner is really friendly. I love the chocolate ganache and black forest . It is a little expensive but it is well worth the money !!
4	Love this quaint little place. The owner is the sweetest Frenchmen I've met. I stopped in on a rainy morning and had a spinach quiche. Great little place. He told me on Saturday they have special dinners and a Dj. Will be back!!
5	BEST croissants I had in Arizona ! Owners are very nice and friendly. I didn't try much more but it is worth a stop just for that !
5	I have met the owners husband and wife. They are from France and such a lovely couple. Their kids are even working there sometimes. The crossiants are to die for! I have had the leek and goat cheese tart so yummy! It is a little pricey but the quality is always great. Its not affordable for me to return everyday but its also not good for me to eat a crossiant every day either lol. This is a great place to stop and pick up a bunch of amazing desserts for after dinner. They are made fresh daily by the owners and they are not only delicious but beautiful like art!
5	Decided to try something new for our date night and OMG! What a wonderful surprise. Do not be discouraged by the way it looks. The food is amazing and cannot be more authentic. Both, the owner and the chef are French. The owner is very friendly and attentive. The pastries and desserts are home made! It's a must try! We will be back!
2	The second I came in to Au Petit Four I was really hoping to have a wonderful breakfast. Located in the old town area, I thought that a small, family-owned french breakfast place would be the perfect refreshing break from the trendy (Read: untsss unttsss untss music) mimosa-brunch places and overly-priced-food restaurants. I wanted something fresh, homemade, french and delicious.We ordered an iced latte, a nutella crepe with fresh fruit and whipped cream, a croissant with egg and sausage and a normandy creme (ham, cheese and egg). The food came in before the waters and drinks, and unfortunately, they seemed prepared ahead of time and left to sit.My normandy crepe looked (visually) delicious. When I started digging in, I noticed that it was a little cold (aka not prepared fresh) and that the cheese was barely there and already solidified and not gooey. The flavors were ok but the crepe contents were very flat, so they were very stingy on the portions of their ingredients. The crepe was topped with a sunny side-up egg but had no sauce or added flavors to it. I tried adding hot sauce but it really didn't make the dish any better. That was about $8. My iced latte was approximately $5 and really tasted like coffee with whole milk - and the coffee was not a great quality. Not an enjoyable meal.My friend ordered the nutella crepe but was delivered a crepe stuffed with fresh fruit instead. Apparently, the order is EITHER a fruit crepe or a nutella crepe, not a nutella crepe served with fruit. When they took it back, they returned the same plate with a hint of nutella placed on top (my friend has already cut into the crepe earlier). The whipping cream was not your typical type: it was very dense and heavy, a weird combo between whipped cream and thick evaporated milk.The service was decent but we were the only people at the restaurant besides from 2 other ladies who were just having coffee. The place was very empty, which is sad to see considering the 3 breakfast places adjacent to it had a 30-40min waiting line. I really want Au Petit Four to succeed but they need to overhaul the quality of their food and the attentiveness of their staff. With no customers to make them busy, there is no excused for stingy cold food.
5	Legit French bistro! Tina sandwhich was outstanding and the bakery goods are worth trying! Thank you!
4	I am a huge francophile and my boyfriend has been raving about this place for weeks. We finally went for breakfast last Sunday and I was pleasantly surprised. It is not the cutest place - it lacks any real decor which is a shame (at least it's not pretentious) but what it lacks in atmosphere it makes up for with the food.BEST CROISSANTS EVER. My only complaint about them is that they aren't bigger. I was literally rationing my croissant throughout my meal so that I could have a bite of it with every bite of my spinach & mushroom omelette - which by the way was also fantastic - and that's coming from someone who's paranoid about undercooked eggs and NEVER eats eggs unless they are cooked in her very own kitchen. We ended up wracking up an almost $60 bill because we brought home a doggy bag of baked goods from the attached bakery. THEY WERE TO DIE FOR.http://instagram.com/p/SbAhDjsBH7/^ pic of the baked goods I got. Tiramisu, fruit tart, and assorted macarons.Downside: not a great variety of options for vegetarians like me... but enough that you can repeatedly go back for those few dishes you specifically crave.
5	Took the family here for breakfast. The exterior was unassuming and did not prepare us for how delicious the food inside would be. The croissants and pastries were particularly delicious and complemented the meal really well. Everything was fresh and the service by the owner was very attentive and welcoming (not the French stereotype). The only downside was it took a bit longer to get an extra cup of coffee as he had to brew a new batch. The upside was even the coffee was good.The entire family enjoyed their breakfast and we would return without hesitation.
3	For $ 5,  I couldn't believe how dry my pastry was. It was supposed to be nice and moist...Upon my first bite,  I got the feeling that the pastry had been sitting there in the display case for at least a week.Looking at Au Petit Four's menu, they have quite an extensive offering from breakfast, lunch and dinner. I thought the prices were pretty steep. The owners were very friendly.
1	worst brunch I ever had!I was hoping for a nice Sunday brunch but was very disappointed. The waitress told us that it is a fourty minutes wait for any order. She suggested pastry even though the cafe was less than one third full (12 people including us).  So we selected two crossants, a quiche and two cups of coffee. Pastries arrived quickly but no coffee.  Crossants were cold and soft, not as good as crossan from Paradise cafe but twice the price. Halfway done my croissant I realized I had no napkin. Asked her about coffee she said that it is brewing and need to wait four more minutes.  My husband noticed that the lady behind me complained coffee was too cold and it was then microwaved. He was puzzled as the waitress told us they serve freshly brewed coffee. I finished my croossant and had some quiches. finally our coffee came. They were luke warm too, not as hot as from McDonalds. At this point, twenty minutes later after we sat down,  the waitress  told us if we order now she will be able to serve quickly. We were not happy.  We asked her if there was anything we could have done differently to have a proper meal and she said no. The worse thing is it destroyed our whole day being treated this way. Will not go there ever again!
3	Cute little restaurant, nice background music.  Decor is just okay.  We went for breakfast.  I ordered the ham and cheese croissant and scrambled eggs and coffee.  Coffee tasted very good, but it was lukewarm.  I was served a regular croissant and told the waitress at the end of the meal as she never came by during the meal to refill my coffee, to make sure we were not charged extra for the ham and cheese croissant.  The eggs were very tasty and cooked perfect.  My husband ordered the quiche and said it was very good.  With those items, it came to about $22.00.
5	Good Morning, This place is different-in a good way. If you want a place to enjoy food with your mates this is it. Enjoy food, words, looking each other in the eye, with no rush, this is your place.  Pierre takes great pride in his food, he is from Leon France, the home of great chefs. If you want loud, packed, expensive, but new-go somewhere else.
1	Overpriced and dirty.  Had lunch here with my wife and service was ok but salad they served was stale and moldy.  Ordered a raisin croissant, looked and tasted like it was about 4 days old which surprised us they would serve and charge for that.  Probably won't go back since there are better options in the area, scratch, chez vous, ect.
4	Took my mother newly in town to check out Morning Squeeze Saturday morning, but was expecting the line that we saw out front. Decided to look elsewhere but as we turned the corner, voila! A little pastry/breakfast place, and got rock star parking. Only two of the dozen or so tables were occupied. Although I am not a big fan of the over-enthusiastic greeting, I would have liked a little more "thanks for coming in!", but we were sat promptly. Coffee was good, omelette was DELICIOUS, fresh fruit and berries topped with just enough whipped cream and powered sugar, and the almond croissant was the best ever. You have to request water, though. I would definitely go back here anytime. A  secret find! Tell your friends, excellent pastries to go. Looks like they have a wine license as well.
4	Ate here a few years ago when it was at the Esplanade, wandered in on a weeknight and shared the restaurant with only one other couple. It was a nice relaxing meal and one that my wife absolutely loved. We split a quiche and a sandwich, and then since we couldn't decide on a dessert to split, we got three! All were fantastic.Recently went into the "new" location and the food is still the same fantastic quality.
4	Had lunch here today with group of 8 people from out of town.  The food was great and the atmosphere was fun and interesting.  Next time will HAVE to try the sweets!
5	People who are complaining about the slow service, you are way to American. This place is authentically French.  It is a sit and chat and enjoy the food and the company you are with.I have been going with my parents when they are in town, we found this place on Yelp.  My dad speaks French, as we are of very close French heritage.  The owner Pierre remembers us every time we are in.I order the Normandy crepe, almost every time I go! The coffee and croissants are so good! Croissants are warm and soft and so buttery, just like in France!If you are in hurry please do not go here and then complain online. This place is so good and one of my favs in Scottsdale.
5	This review is based on the pastry and the friendly service (Pierre is great) - not the food (yet)If you have been to Paris, the taste of the pastries will take you back to the flavors and flair of that great cityI have been in to Au Petit Four a couple times, the first time everything looked so good I ended up with a tray of goods and got about 8 different items - that was a delicious dayFast forward several months later and I stopped in again to pick up dessert for a bbq,  and the desserts were the hit of the event, the mille feuille and chocolate praline dessert were the two favorites, however everything is excellentThere is really no better spot to get in the greater Phoenix area to get pastry than here, I would highly recommend stopping inAs of this review I have not been in for food of a non sugar primary ingredient variety, however based on the pastry I would guess the food would follow suit
4	There restaurant is very cutesy but not in a good location as it is hidden. It's a small, family owned restaurant. The owner is French himself, VERY polite, and very accommodating. Was even offering us to call him for advice if we ever decided to go to France to help us and let us know where to go as it would be easier. The pesto chicken sandwich was good as well. My boyfriend had a sandwich in crepes - which also was shockingly good. They have a multitude of variety for their sandwiches but still light feeling. They give you a good deal of a portion size. They are quick as well. They have a bakery for some pastries - which I want to go back to and take a look at. All their water is bottled too, not tap. I would highly recommend their crepe sandwiches and chicken pesto Panini.
3	This review is for the new location in Scottsdale. It was Saturday afternoon and I was starting to get hangry. (You know, hungry and angry.) I couldn't decide where I wanted to eat and that meant my poor husband had to make a decision. Driving around downtown Scottsdale, my husband saw a new restaurant with bright colors and decided that would be the place. Unfortunately, there wasn't any parking out front, so he drove around back. After we got out of the car, he saw Au Petit Four and knowing that I love French food, decided to take me here. We didn't look at the menu posted outside, just walked right in and were slightly confused. The space is rather large and sectioned off into two areas - a bakery on one side and a restaurant on the other. A man and a woman were behind a counter in the restaurant side and asked if we wanted to sit down and dine. My husband said yes and we were seated in the completely empty dining section. In the entire building, it was just the two employees and my husband and me. (Awkward...) There was plenty of seating and open space. The walls were brown brick with pictures of Paris scattering the walls willy-nilly and all tables were covered with plastic red and white checkered table cloths. I didn't particularly care for the table cloths because they stuck to my legs. After looking at the menu, I shook my head at my husband saying I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat. After much indecision (the poor waitress had to come back a few times) I finally decided on the prosciutto sandwich and my husband ordered a savory crepe. While waiting for our food, I went to the bathroom. It was down the long entrance hall, passing by several open doors to the kitchen/storage closets. The bathroom was in dire need of some cleaning and restocking (barely any soap and I used the last paper towel). When I got back to our table, it was only a few short minutes before my sandwich arrived and shortly after the crepe. My sandwich came with the option of salad, chips, or pasta salad. I went with salad. The salad was basically mixed greens and salad dressing on the side. (The salad dressing was good, but I expected tomatoes or something else on the salad.) The sandwich itself was really good. The prosciutto was thickly sliced with even larger slices/hunks of slightly melted brie. There was also pesto spread, tomatoes, and lettuce. Overall, I loved my sandwich. The bread was fresh and really hit the spot. My husband said he liked he crepe, but he only ate half of it. I tried a bite and preferred my sandwich much more.Overall, the only good thing in the entire experience was my sandwich. The fact that there weren't any other diners during lunch, the bathroom was lacking, and the "just ok" crepe, I can't say that I will be back. There are plenty of other places to get fantastic crepes and fantastic sandwiches. Perhaps their desserts are amazing?
2	My review hasn't changed for the new place also. We got excited that they had moved to the new location and maybe had overhauled their offerings etc. Although Pierre was a delight and very attentive when we were there, the products except for the chocolate croissants were lack luster. The pastries were dry and looked like they had been sitting in an improperly refrigerated box for who knows how long. The place itself has a very odd smell inside. Almost like a hint of gutters. This was on a Saturday afternoon. I didn't realized how much the pastries and croissants had cost us until we went out to the car. Go to Essence Bakery instead.
4	Delicious and a wonderful experience!  The owners were so engaging, thankful and kind.  The food was amazing...ham and cheese crepe and my friends and I shared a napoleon for dessert - just like I remember them in France.  This place is the real deal...check it out!
5	Chocolate croissant is all I wanted and all I needed! I am on a diet that allows me to have a cheat day.... just one. So I say, go all they way and have it be absolutely the best! I have been craving a good croissant for a while and wanted the best I could find in Scottsdale or Phoenix. I found it at Au Petit Four. Flaky crust with just the right amount of chocolate it was just what the doctor ordered. The service was good, she greated us, showed us the pastries and we sat while she warmed it (leaving it at just the right temperature). We were then left to enjoy our delicacy (she checked in on us appropriately). We didn't try anything else here (and didn't need to) although the crepes looked good.The atmosphere is simple and "family owned". (The croissant  really should get 10 stars)
2	Not my top 5 smells to smell when you walk into the place.  The place is half restaurant/make shift bar.  The other side has their small display of assorted pastries.  No prices listed, so be sure to ask first.  I got a quiche, cookie, and small slice of apple streudel which rang up to $22.  The cookie was inedible.  The strudel was good.  The biggest thing about this place is the cleanliness of the place.  The place has a stink of a sewer.  The gentlemen who took my order was on his phone, then proceeded to handle my food without gloves.  The problem here is that he actually touched my food with his hands as he steadied the food on the spatula.  He then placed my food on the counter, not on a plate and then transferred the food into a to-go box.  To top it off, the bill was $22 bucks.  What the heck?!?!?!
1	This place is nothing wonderful. The croissants are nothing out of the world. They are half the size of what you would get else where and double the price. They are the most expensive I have had in all of US at $4.80 a piece!! They were stale and nothing great and this was in the morning at 8am. Go else where
5	This place was great. We enjoyed how small and authentic it was. Low pretense, great food.
5	I loved this place.  The food was good. The surroundings were peaceful. The servers were friendly.   Tired of corporate restaurants and was so happy to find a local breakfast place that takes their time to make good food.
4	I am a BIG fan of french food and found this hidden french family owned restaurant while walking back to my car one afternoon. After looking at the menu outside of the restaurant I added it to one of my "must try" restaurants where it sat for a couple months. Finally I made it to breakfast and was pleasantly surprised! There wasn't much going on with the exterior decor of this place and unless you were looking for this place you would easily walk right by and not even notice it. The interior was decorated with pictures and paintings of Paris and France. There are two tables only on the entrance patio and about 20 tables total on the inside. Out of all of the times I have been here there has never been more than 3 other tables filled at a time. Its very quiet with mellow French music playing in the background. The owner has a very sharp french accent which I really enjoy and it always brings back a lot of great memories of my past trips to France. There were a lot of great options to choose from on the menu. I myself am a HUGE fan of the crepes and swear by them and they are cooked to perfection and there are a ton of great choices to choose from. The eggs benedict is also amazing! I have only had the breakfast here and its as good as the phenomenal and authentic food I have experienced throughout France. The service here has always been great. The pastries are wonderful if you like sweets and croissants also are a great choice and literally melt in your mouth. Overall, simple/casual atmosphere with authentic French food right in the heart of old town Scottsdale.
2	I mispronouced something on the menu and I got an entire lecture about it complete with the mocking laugh. Sad cause i could have actually liked this place. Word of advice: get rid of all the gimicky advertisements including the sign for the casino. Make it into a french cafe NOT a billboard in Times Square.
1	These people are horrible and rude. The macaroon and tiramisu that I got from them were so stale, they smelled like the fridge they were kept in. The macaroon was so old and crunchy that I spit it out. One bite of the tiramisu and I threw it out. Don't waste your money at this place. $12 for two very gross pastries.
4	I've had a couple of things here. A prosciutto sandwich that was really good, and then this morning, the BEST spinach and mushroom quiche I've eaten in the U.S. It's a quaint, very European, cafe and patisserie. Eat the quiche. Skip the coffee.
5	The very best french food in Phoenix, possibly the whole Southwest. Like a trip to the french countryside, everything is fresh and inspired. From pastries to entrees, down to the salad dressing, I would eat here every single day if I could.
5	Quiet little place. We stopped buy and got some croissants and tiramisu OMG very light and delish!! Would take some pics but we ate them all.
5	Love this place!  Just found out they are closed!  Looking for a new location to reopen....
