3	At $.39 an ounce this is another pay as you go self serve yogurt shop to hit the valley. They have the usual suspects, tart, vanilla and also several different "skinny" versions which are "no sugar, which means they don't add any but does contain sugar, so beware. On my visit they were out of 'skinny blueberry.. rats!Had a cup of the skinny yogurt.. again the cups are huge much like Yogurtology so you can over indulged quite easily. I was ready this time and only took just a little bit. The topping bar look great though nothing to really set it apart from the other place with the exception of the fruit looking and tasting fresher. While there is no "skinny" tart version, the vanilla was decent enough with only a slight weird chemical after taste.
4	I went there today for the first time and I loved it.  I have never been to one of these pay by weight yogurt places that seem to be really popular these days.  So when I walked in I was a little confused and put off by how big the smallest container was.  So I asked and the guy at the register explained it to me.  It is $.39 an ounce which includes the toppings, all do it yourself.  (Since I have never been to a frozen yogurt place like this, I don't know if that is a good/bad price).  This place was really clean and extremely yummy.  I had "Mojo Cookie Monster" with rainbow sprinkles and would DEFINITELY go back there.
5	I was in town visiting from California, where we have yogurt shops everywhere and I thought Mojo was great!  They have a large selection of yogurt.  The only thing I'd change there is the flashing display above the machines.  It switches between an ad for yogurt or something like that and the flavor of the machine below.  I'd like to just see the flavor instead.  The fruit toppings were good too, very fresh!  I loved that they had multiple flavors of mochi (the best topping with fruit).  The service was great and the place was very clean.  The next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'll be coming back.  I would highly recommend it to you.  Enjoy!
5	I stopped here for yogurt on Thursday afternoon and again yesterday evening for their free yogurt night to celebrate their grand opening. Their flavors are delicious, they have a huge variety of flavors many with cute tongue in cheek names (probably 10 or so) and a gamut of toppings, at least half of which are fresh fruit. When I heard that they'd be giving away free yogurt on Friday, I had to drag my husband back. My favorite of all flavors is the tart pomegranate. It tastes almost identical to something you'd get at Pinkberry. I was telling my husband how good it was when we were waiting in line and he said it didn't sound like something he would like but when he tried it, he had to admit that it was delicious. Both days I had the pomegranate yogurt with fresh pomegranate seeds, blackberries, kiwi and mochi as toppings. Heavenly! And where else do you find fresh pomegranate seeds? As for the naysayers that complain there are only one size of cups, well clearly you were there on the free yogurt grand opening night. Normally there are more than one size. As for those that complain that self serve bars lead to a life of gluttony and obesity, for God's sake, control yourself. Stay home and drink your Diet Coke and save the yogurt for us.
4	I can't believe I haven't tried this yet, I've walked by it so many times! Today I was hoping to grab a tea from tea infusion and they were closed (as usual) I decided to get yogurt instead. There were some weird bars in the middle of the place? Serve your self, one size cups (huge ones), beautiful fresh fruit and a ton of dry toppings. I wish they would make smaller cups, I guess they want you to "Fill UP" I took care not to put too much in my cup and did half tart half pistachio, sprinkled a few black berries, strawberries and the crunchiest pop in your mouth blueberries. it was $4.27. I guess I put more than I thought. It was an amazing flavor combination and the fruit was really fresh, I LOVED it. The tart was not very tart though, but that's OK. I will be back for more ;-)
5	Wowsers, this stuff is good!  I love the concept of serving yourself and pay by weight!  You pick the flavor and there are plenty of toppings to choose from - healthy and not so healthy.   There are even little sample cups to try a couple flavors before committing.  Like others have said I would have liked a smaller cup choice, but then again I ended up filling the big cup pretty good so I'm guessing that's the point.  Too bad I forgot to bring my self control. Anyway, great idea for a yogurt place - and a friend I was with stated that it's on par with Pinkberry.  Yum!
4	I was really intrigued when my girlfriends told me about this place, and how it worked. First you get your cup and fill it with as much or as little frozen yogurt you want. They have all the normal flavors (chocolate, vanilla, etc.) plus some odd or seasonal ones like plain (tastes like unflavored yogurt; great with fruit or really sweet mix-ins) or fruit flavors like strawberry or pomegranate. Once you have your frozen yogurt, you walk over to a self-serve mix-in station where you can add in everything from pieces of chocolate candy, nuts, fruit, and even little Japanese mochi (which I would highly recommend adding). Once you are ready to check out, the cashier weighs your cup and you are charged based on that instead of cup size. This is one of two drawbacks I have found to this restaurant. I found that the pricing was not as definitive as I would have liked, as my half-full cup was $8+ after being weighed. I feel like if they went by size instead of weight prices would be much more reasonable. Also, there is barely any seating inside. I have been to both locations (this one and Mill Ave.) and noticed that there were 3-4 tables inside with 1-2 chairs at each. They could easily fit twice that many seats, and the empty space in the middle of the restaurant does not invite people in. Other than that, it is a great place for a delicious and healthy dessert.
3	Beware: this place is EXPENSIVE. I went in with my fiancee, didn't get anything as I was happy with a little sample cup, but he didn't even fill his cup up, and only added sprinkles and it came up to $5.15! That could buy us two pints at the grocery store! It was good, but the price will be keeping me away.
3	I tried this place in a frenzy of yogurt tasting days. I always heard of this place and was very eager to give it a go. I always get the original tart since that's the flavor every place has, and I also got the non dairy orange. The orange was very good, I would go back and just get this next time. The original was not so good or even tart at all, it was very bland. The toppings were good but the strawberries were sour and not sweet and cut into large thin slices that made it difficult to eat. I have had better and i'm sure I will come back here since they have many locations. I only see this place succeeding just because of the sure convenience of all their locations they put up all at once.
3	I don't get the buzz.  The flavor of the yogurt isn't that great and it is expensive.  The decor is cool, I gave it an extra star just for that.
4	Yes, this concept is the same one from my neighborhood in downtown San Francisco (near the Metreon).  The place is late '60s chic.  The yogurt collection has variety and my favorite was the mojo classic chocolate.  My buddy is the skinny white boy, and they had a flavor for him:  skinny white boy vanilla with fruit (go figure).  I loaded up on the Cap'n Crunch, but would like to see a variety of old school cereal toppings like Count Choc-ula, Boo Berry, or Franken Berry.  It's a clean place with a cool people.  Hope this place survives.  Nice place to cool off after watching baseball all day.
5	mojo has the feshest fruit and best tasting yogurt . the staff is the best and everything is always clean
3	This is a little cute place in middle of Tempe Marketplace.  It is situated pretty well and it is very lively.  They do self-serve for $0.39/ounce with so many kinds of toppings.  My problem was that there weren't many flavors to choose from and they were out of mochi.  We tried the original, cookies & cream, chocolate, and vanilla.  My fav was chocolate.  It was rich but not too sweet.  The other flavors were just ok.*Location = good*Price = ok I guess*Yogurt = I still like Yogurberry best in Arizona
5	I love this place!  A few years back, I'd been to Cantaloop and Yogurt-tree in LA with a friend.  I was totally bummed that I couldn't get anything like that here at home.  So I was pleasantly surprised last December when I was strolling along at the Tempe Marketplace and saw Mojo.  I thought to myself, "Could it be?" I love their tart.  It's one of the best things I've ever tasted.  I like that I get to serve it myself and decide how much or how little I want.  I've gotten out of there with as little cost as $2.37 before. I get the same thing every time I go and it never disappoints. And with their loyalty card, I have a free mojo waiting for me.  Buy 9, get the 10th free!
5	I heart MoJo Yogurt!  It's sooooo yummy!  I love the selection of toppings and I think it's great how you are charged on the weight of your yogurt, so really you can get as little or as much as you want! My fave is Skinny Strawberry piled high with lots of fruit!  YUM!
3	Good to very good yogurt, but not the best I've had. Had plenty of toppings and fresh fruit to choose from.Could use more flavors.
5	This place is heaven. I love the self serve bar... and mixing in various flavors to make one heavenly delicious dessert. Who could ask for anymore toppings? There are dozens of combinations possible. Oh, I love me some MOJO and feeling like a 12 year old when I'm there!
5	Love the diff flavors of froyo. They change most of them daily or weekly? Toppings are fresh and delish! Must try if you are in the Tempe Marketplace area!! Always clean & friendly!
2	I know I am gonna catch flak for this one.  Especially from Georgie S, who seems to be at a Mojo Yogurt in the greater Phoenix area everyday.  I wasn't impressed. (sheepishly covers vital areas of the body)The yogurt was sort of icey and watery which seemed weird.  I did like the selection of flavors, which are not just your run of the mill flavors.  They offered non-dairy options as well.  I like the toppings bar and that you get to decide on how much or how little you get to put on.  I was disappointed that there were no Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.  That is an automatic 1 star deduction as these are my absolute favorite.  I am told there are mini peanut butter cups, but not on this trip, and they aren't Reese's brand.  I could have eaten just a bowl of the cookie dough bits, sans yogurt.  Here you get what you pay for, as they calculate your total by the weight of your concoction.Overall, not bad for a somewhat healthy dessert option.  I will have to give them another shot some day.
4	It's a pretty hole in the wall at the Tempe Marketplace.  I wish they'd be a little more consistent with their flavor selection.  Sometimes you feel like a mint and sometimes you do but they don't have it on that particular visit, meh.I digress from my 4-star rating.  The yogurts good, the topping selection is better, and more consistent, and the staff is as friendly as can be.Only thing I'd change is its location in front of the child trap water pit where it seems like every time I visit, there's a toddler running around sans a diaper.
5	Still delicious, and now they have pumpkin foyo that is out of this world!  Yummmmy!  I'm so disappointed I didn't get more than I did, but I figured I'd wait to indulge in treats after SOMA Half Ironman tomorrow......yup!
5	This place is wonderful! Clean, friendly employees, and a great selection of toppings! Yummerz!
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Foodn/a Service7 Atmosphere8 ValuePay-by-the-pound is always greatness.
4	I loved the concept of this yougurt place. It is much better than Pinkberry in California. You can serve yourself a variety of flavors of yogurt. I got white boy vanilla and acai along with Mango. You pay for your yogurt by weight. This was a great place!
4	I usually go to the location at City North but I was in the area and stopped into the ASU location. The vibe is the same but they have a much larger selection of yogurt flavors! I served up the banana and chocolate topped with strawberries and oreos. OMG yummy!
4	Beautiful Sunday/ V-DayI was afraid of the pay for poundage as a rule. I cheated and snuck a peak at the people's before me to see about how much, would cost what. As a dad I always get suckered into buying the kids treats, seriously, every time. I expected the kids to load that Yo up with 10 flavors and 10 toppings. They both did good and enjoyed the Yo. I tasted the OJ yo and thought it was TANG. LOL  The place was busy but not too busy. There seemed to be one person working and it clearly was not enough. The tables needed wiped down and never got the attention they needed.I would go back.
4	I've been there twice now and it's very good. The counter people were very nice both times. Very quick in and out and love the prices!The first time I had birthday cake (I think that was the name, maybe just cake) flavor with cinnamon syrup and graham crackers. The second time I had mint fro-yo with chocolate syrup and oreos. YUM. I was disappointed the second time to see the cinnamon syrup gone, that was tasty. I would also like to see some type of peanut butter topping. Other wise, very happy with this place!
5	Froyo has become quite the thing in the valley as of late and my favorite has always been Mojo! Never have I gone there and have gotten treated poorly, it's always clean and the fresh fruit is always actually fresh! The only location around Phoenix I haven't been to is the Biltmore location but what I just said goes for every other one as well! Now if decently priced and delicious froyo wasn't enough, they have insanely priced froyo on Tuesdays! All you have to do is keep an eye out for their secret word for half off your order! Follow them @MojoYogurt (don't forget to retweet). It's also great for a cheap date if you feel like chatting in between bites; I know my girlfriend and I have done it.Go drop by a Mojo if you want a great treat that you don't have to feel guilty about! I love it and have never been disappointed!
3	While Mojo's location is amazing --- right in Tempe Marketplace where you can opt for healthy frozen yogurt instead of Coldstone's fattening creations --- they're pretty over-rated.I must admit though, out of all the other frozen yogurt places I've been to, Mojo has the best atmosphere with their red walls and trendy tables and chairs,  Be warned though, seating is limited.  That's where Tempe Marketplace's love for outdoor seating is utilized the best.  The yogurt itself is pretty standard as well as their toppings.  Mojo's is cleanand easy on the eyes, but the cost of their froyo and mediocre service really bumps stars down for me.  At least it's not super melty like other places!
4	Love this place! I always make sure to stop by when I'm at Tempe Marketplace. They seem to change a few flavors every so often so I try to sample each one. My brother is partial to the smoothies but I prefer a bowl and spoon. I definitely feel a lot better eating here than Cold Stone.
5	I freaking LOVE mojo yogurt. Seriously. I go there with my daughter about once a week. She doesn't even ask for ice cream anymore, she just asks if we can go to Mojo Yogurt, and who am I to deny anyone of love in a cup.Plus its always surprise to go and find out what flavors they will have each week. I know you can look them up online, but I like to be surprised. I've been extremely partial to the fruity flavors lately, like the passion fruit, the coconut and the apple..omg the apple was SO good!Service is always very friendly and you should DEFINITELY follow them on twitter @mojoyogurt. Trust me you should.So yeah, if you haven't tried out Mojo, you really should. Right now. Go.
2	I usually go to yogurtland and barely go to mojo because they have better price and it tastes good. But today me and my fiance decided to drop by mojo tempe because we gotta go see movie anyway. The taste is still the same, worse than yogurt lane. Plus I was annoyed by a really bad and rude service. The server didn't even say hi, slam the receipt in front of my face, didn't even say thank you. Bad taste and service can't keep us going back in the future.2 stars!
4	i love some of the flavors they have at this place! the pomangranite tart and coconut yogurts were soooooo yummy. they also have a bunch of different toppings, a good mix of healthy fruits and not so healthy stuff (cheesecake bites, mini chocolate peanut butter cups, etc). the mango flavored fro-yo was really good too, very refreshing but more like sorbet because it was non-fat. can't wait to come back for more!
4	I love froyo, especially now that I live in a place as hot as Arizona. Mojo satisfies my cravings. They have a mango froyo (my personal favorite) and lots of fresh fruit to choose as toppings. They even have animal cookies! I will continue coming to Mojo whenever I need a yummy, refreshing treat!
4	I love the idea of "self serve" frozen yogurt.  My son also loves to get to pick the different flavors.  Always a great experience :)
5	By far, this is my favorite Mojo location! The Tempe Marketplace is a beautiful setting for my favorite dessert - it's beside the water spouts and a group of couches and it's nice to take a break and relax there.The only down-side to this location is that it always smells almost "too clean" - kind of like a hospital. It can be unappealing when you first walk in, and it's very very noticeable. Of course I'd rather it be clean than unsanitary, but it's a little weird.Oh, and Lion King is playing. Weird? :)
5	The best place to eat froyo! The service is always superb and friendly. If you come here on tuesday get their 50% off by mentioning their 'Words of The Day' that you find on their twitter. It's a little place that brings joy especially in the summer time!
4	Of the dozens of trendy yogurt shops that have popped up in Scottsdale and Tempe over the last year or so, I think Mojo has the best chance of staying in business. Lots of flavors and toppings, plus I like the punch-card where you can get one free after buying 10.
4	I love Mojo. And this location is great when you're out at the Tempe Marketplace and you have a craving for fro yo. Like their other location, they have awesome flavors and toppings. You can't really go wrong at Mojo, whichever location you go to.
4	I like froyo. I'm not obsessive about it like some people are, but I like it. I honestly thought the yogurt itself here wasn't as good as some other places I've been to for "wall yogurt" (that's what a friend of mine calls places like this where it's self serve and the you pull the levers against a wall), but the vanilla & cookie flavor that I got were still good. The reason I say it's not AS good, is because I really didn't like the tart yogurt I tasted. Since pretty much all yogurt places like this have a plain tart yogurt I think it's a good flavor to compare one place to another, and at Mojo it didn't make the cut for me. HOWEVER, the topping selection at Mojo is pretty awesome! They have a TON of fruit, candy & cookie options to choose from and it all looks fresh. It also helps that the topping area is very clean. I also think it's great that this place seems to be social media savvy. They participate and give discounts for using yelp and foursquare!
2	We drove around Tempe Marketplace looking for Mojo yogurt for a good 10 minutes, trying to pinpoint its exact location from the Yelp map and directions.  We finally decided to ditch the directions and get out of the car and walk around the outdoor mall to find it.  We spotted a family eating out of Mojo containers and asked them for directions.  Just down the way, near Kabuki.  Tempe Marketplace is really cool!  I'm from Colorado and so the outdoor mall thing hasn't exaclty caught on (going shopping outside isn't exaclty appealing when it's freezing).  Since it was nighttime it was nice to sit by one of the fireplaces and take in the palm trees lit with colored lights.  Mojo was okay.  Why is it so dimly lit?  Why weren't there more than 6 chairs inside the place?  I was expecting more flavors than 6...they do provide tasting cups by the yogurt machines so you don't have to be rationed on your samples (a plus).  The sugar free blueberry was good, as was the "white boy vanilla", but I decided on cheesecake and cookies and cream.  The mango wasn't good...dairy free and kinda blah...They have a selection of toppings, but don't expect as much of a variety as Yogurtland.  I'm still looking for a REALLY good alternative to Yogurtland (and Pinkberry has yet to come to Arizona...sad)...Mojo just wasn't it.
2	Second time visiting Mojo. We discovered how horrible the setup of the place is when there's a crowd (i.e. More than 4 people in line). The line backs up and people get annoyed as they try to squeeze in for their samples. I received several dirty looks from other customers when I had finally decided on a flavor to purchase. The toppings bar was sloppy; candy was scattered everywhere and they were completely out of fruit. I felt bad for the sole employee working. Not only was the line backed up, but she had to tidy up the place all by herself. After eating some of the yogurt outside we decided to get lids. Sole employee was finally getting a chance to clean up a bit, and when we asked for lids she grudgingly sighed and didn't even say "thank you". I blame her predicament on the owner/management who decided it would be cheaper to run the place with one employee. Not only does it reflect bad management, but this poor girl seemed to hate her life. Not exactly an uplifting experience.
2	This place wasn't anything special, when we went most of their machines were broke and they only had 3 flavors to choose from, vanilla, some tart berry, and mango.... The yogurt was just ok, nothing stellar, the toppings bar was a huge mess and the place wasn't even crowded.  We probably won't be coming back here any time soon, i think it's location is the only reason why this place is still in business.
2	Here are my thoughts about this place: Less variety than yogurtland (less flavors and less topings options). The flavors available are that good and the texture of the yogurt seems like frozen milk (you can see the curdles)Nicer decoration though and same price (than yogurland)!The place is also full of parents and lots and lots of kids (since it is in front of the fountains) which might make your visit a little unpleasant
3	I love me some fro-yo and Mojo's is one of the originals now that theres 1395483 different yogurt places.  However, the new places that are popping up make me realize that Mojo's is just sub-par.  There are other places with more options, more rotations of fun new flavors and most importantly- CHEAPER.  Not naming any names (Yogurtland) but there are just better places now.
4	This is the only frozen yogurt place I've seen so far that carries yogurt made with agave nectar. This is much healthier for you because of the sugar content. So if you want to try them, look for the "skinny" fro-yo.
3	Not my favorite, but always worth a stop if I find myself at Tempe Marketplace.  While it's clean enough and has a nice topping bar, it has fewer flavors than other shops in town.  It seems I always end up disappointed in the choices available that day.  But I do somehow manage to find enough to overfill my cup.
3	I found my Mojo; I rate Mojo 3.49 stars. I love the hilarious Richard Simmons videos playing on the TV. The variety of flavors and toppings is lacking. For example, couldn't find the white chocolate chips which pairs well with cookies & cream. But I thought the Cookie Monster flavor was awesome even sans the white chocolate chips. So maybe quality over quantity works. I'll give these guys another try later this summer. I think Mojo has what it takes to get to 4 stars.
2	I'm already not the biggest fan of the self-serve frozen yogurt fad.  It was unique a little more than a year ago when I first stumbled upon it, but now it's growing tired on me.The variety at this Mojo is awful.  There's only a handful of choices, and only three or four of them seem to rotate.  None of them were particularly good on my last visit.  The yogurt itself is also very soft (a common problem at these self-serve places).I will give the place credit for being very clean.  The topping bar is well stocked with most of the standards.  Mojo has a perfect location at Tempe Market Place.  If you happen to be there and need a treat, stop in.  If you need to drive out of your way, there's an infinite number of places with this concept that I would recommend heading to instead.
1	I decided to give Mojo Yogurt another try.  I've never been a fan of Mojo, and last night cemented my displeasure.  We walked in around 10:30 pm on a Saturday and found three young employees screwing around.  I was a teenager once (I suppose we all were...), but even then I knew what constituted "professional" behavior.  I was in a good mood, so I was willing to overlook this...but at this time, they just happened to be emptying out the trays that catch the melted yogurt.  Never in my life have I been more disgusted.  Even the three girls were grossed out as they poured the brown, chunky liquid into the trash cans.  There was melted refuse on the floor and splashed on the machines.  Their explanation?  "It's that time of the night!"I tried to look away but I couldn't seem to get the image out of my mind.  I had a sample or two but my stomach started to rumble.  I looked over to the toppings bar and realized that I didn't trust what they were serving.  If the health department walked in this place, it would have been shut down immediately.  The yogurt machines do not have any special plastic tips to make the yogurt flow out in a three-dimensional star pattern; the yogurt comes out of the machine in a cylindrical shape--strikingly similar to a solid turd.  Sucks to be a chocolate fan! I looked at my friend and we silently eyed the door; I couldn't bring myself to purchase food from such an unkempt establishment.  We quickly hurried out and headed to Yogurtland back in Scottsdale.  Thank goodness there are a plethora of reputable, clean yogurt shops elsewhere!
1	Small variety, but fresh fruit & yummy yogurt flavors...I was craving a smoothie & the girls at juice it up were busy & rude so I decided to try Mojo... the girl there was nice & instructed me to put a combination of yogurt & fruit into the clear cup & then she would blend it for me... barely filling my cup, I put it on the scale, she said she would give me a discount because it was my first smoothed... It was $6.30! She then went to the back to blend it... Expecting it to be a decent size for such a price, I was quite annoyed when she returned with a blended liquid that did not even fill half of my cup! I finished my over priced smoothed before I even reached the parking lot... What a rip off! If they are going to offer smoothies, they should offer different pricing, as the amount of.yogurt and fruit you hope to drink, obviously differs from that which you intend to scoop out of a cup. I will not be back. $6 for two minutes of smoothie consumption? Suck it Mojo, I'll go anywhere else.
4	The BF and I went here yesterday for lunch (seriously... haha) and we liked the froyo. I like that they have little cups available to taste the flavors of froyo and I thought the toppings were adequate. They had these very good dark chocolate raspberry things that were wonderful. Additionally, their fruit was fresh and tasty. I would definitely get froyo here again if I were in tempe marketplace, but I don't know that I'd go out of the way to go here over other places like this.
3	Having whirled through yogurtland, yogurtini, and red mango in the past month I'm on a yogurt killing spree.........I can't get enoughComparable to my fav yogurtland though mojo is a bit more costlier with less varietyoff to yogurtland
3	Went here yesterday with my many nieces and nephews for our 'kid's outing' as we like to call them (basically means their parents get a day off from their kids and my sis and I get to babysit them but on neutral turf: the mall).  Good thing this place wasn't busy when we arrived (4ish) because by the time all 7 of us would've sampled, filled, then contemplated our toppings and paid them, we would've pissed off and driven away everyone behind us... even though I did note the college or high-school gal behind the counter was very indifferent to us.The yogurt selection was OK - they had tart, skinny blueberry, tropical something, red velvet, chocolate, vanilla and maybe 2 more that were standard fare (I rarely ever seen unique flavors like Durian..hehehe, except I have seen Taro Root at another Mojo by the Chandler Mall)..44c an oz is cheap, too.. they have good topping options, though the selection was 70% processed sugar... they rest of the 30% was pretty good though: almonds, walnuts, peanuts, and coconut, so not too bad.
4	I've always had a pleasant experience at Mojo in Tempe Marketplace. I have been to this location about 4 times and they always provide good quality and value. My favorite is the red velvet froyo.
4	Mojo Yogurt is one of my favorite frozen yogurt places in the Valley.  They have a good selection of flavors, and I like their original tart the best out of all the yogurt places I've tried here in Arizona.  Also, the toppings are always fresh, and quite tasty!
2	Well folks, froyo is typically froyo, and i found nothing bad about the actually yogurt and fruits.  What did strike me as being curious and warranting two stars is an offensive flavor.  the "white boy vanilla" sure they may be trying to be funny, but it is in poor taste, children love froyo, and i am sure they inquire, "mommy, what is white boy vanilla?" if they had a similar name for a chocolate or banana flavor, i am sure they would have the ACLU boycotting the place.
3	One of of my favorite dessert spots is Mojo Yogurt.Frozen yogurt has less fat and calories than ice cream, but what draws me here is the cool concept. Like one of my former employers, Cold Stone Creamery, the shop allows you to choose from a plethora of goodies to mix in, from fresh berries, to almonds, to gummy bears. You have the freedom to choose how much you want of each, then it's all weighed before it's charged.I've been told the average treat is $5, but I've gotten full off of much less. Mmmmm, tasty!
2	MEH.....stopped here after a night at dave & busters for dessert. They were still open for another 45min or so, but first thing we noticed was the staff was more than ready to leave asap. All we could smell when we walked in there was cleaning supplies, mainly windex cus the closers were trying to get a jump on getting out of there as soon as 9:00 hit. Don't blame 'em for getting a head start on closing stuff, but c'mon.. i was pretty put off when i walked in and it smelled like they washed the floors with windex. LOLBut anyways, when it came to the yogurt....hmm...idk....MEH really sums it up, the choice of flavors was pretty weak, the choice of toppings was good(but how hard is it to screw that up). But when it came down to it the frozen yogurt was just....idk it seemed like it was really watered down, tasted like diet, non fat, reduced fat, light, fat free, watered down yogurt. It took us about 3min to walk to our car and by the time we got there our yogurt was almost melted! So i was left with a cup of soup with toppings floating around in it. Threw it in the feezer when i got home, and i could tell it wasnt good yogurt that they use here, it looked as if it had way too much water in it(ya know when u freeze something thats watered down it looks more like frozen water instead of frozen yogurt), idk was pretty dissappointed.Don't bother with Mojo Yogurt, you're better off stopping by the store on ur way home to get something thats actually GOOD! lolOr just get dessert at the restaurant u eat at that night, or stop at DQ for a blizzard.But as far as self serve, self top, frozen yogurt places(which there are a ton of now a days), this one is at the bottom.I recommend yogurtland, orange leave, or zoyo way ahead of Mojo yogurt.
4	I hate to admit it, but this was my first time at Mojo. Not only that, but I think it was the first time I'd had frozen yogurt in something like 25 years. It sure has changed since then! I was very pleasantly surprised with Mojo. My partner was in her "I need chocolate... NOW" phase and piled her cup full of chocolate, chocolate chips, and everything else chocolate you can imagine. And with the plethora of options in terms of toppings, it was easy to do. They had something like 8 different flavours of fro-yo, including some dairy-free fruity flavours that were right up my alley. My concoction was one of plain and dairy-free strawberry (which was a little more like gelato than fro-yo), with fresh strawberries, raspberries and mochi. Oh yeah, that's right. Mochi. It was the perfect combination. This location at Tempe Marketplace is a great place to sit and people watch while you eat, too. We grabbed our cups and sat out in front of the splash pad and watched the kids play in the water while we ate. If you haven't tried Mojo yet, or haven't been in a while, it's definitely worth going back. And, we got a 25% discount by checking in with Yelp!
3	I am a fro-yo junky, so I was excited to enjoy some FROZEN yogurt on a nice chilly evening.I was excited to see what flavors they had for me to drool over, but was highly disappointed.  Their apple pie flavor tasted more like pumpkin pie, egg nog was way too sweet, chocolate wasn't chocolatey at all...so I opted for the plain tart.  Thankfully they had some mango boba and lychee so I was able to satiate that craving.  We were going to sit inside, but the tables were pretty dirty so we opted to sit outside under some of those portable heaters.The yogurt is good, they have a decent variety of toppings, but I suggest some more variety of flavors...that is all.
3	It's okay froyo, but it's not the best I've had; and I've actually been quite a lot (because of its location in Tempe Marketplace), hoping each time that it'll be better than the last. Their standard flavors are okay, nothing special, but occasionally some of their flavors will just taste off -- their salted caramel for example was incredibly salty, and tasted like popcorn somehow.
5	I LOVE Mojo yogurt and I frequent this place at least 5 times a week!!! It is my weakness, and I especially like eating frozen yogurt in the winter when its nice and chilly out.  I love that there is a nice variety of flavors and they are changing them quite often. My favorite is the POM-N-R-G. The staff is always very friendly.
2	I just got a really great smoothie here, however the two girls working were very rude. Also, this place has a strange and disconcerting sour scent that I find unidentifiable to my olfactory perception. I looked past this smell at first and went on putting yogurt in my cup and dumping various fruits on it. I bring my smoothie cup up to pay and she asks in a monotone voice if I want it mixed. Well, no shit. Then she took my cup and disappeared for 5 minutes only to return with a half filled cup of poorly blended deliciousness.
3	Stopped in yesterday for some frozen yogurt and my experience was ok. I walked into the store and saw about 6-8 flavors of yogurt. That's an alright selection but nothing that I would come back for. Now after I made my selection I went to the condiment table, grabbed some goodies and then waited ....and waited....and waited. So apparently you can make any of your yogurt into a smoothie. Yes it does sound good unless there is only one employee and she has to go to the back of the store each and every smoothie. She was gone about 7 min before she came back to give the people at the register their smoothies. Needless to say if it is ever semi busy and or i see someone with a smoothie cup in their hand I will be exiting the line and come back later.
3	There is one thing that I have to knock Mojo Yogurt for. The lack of flavors. At Yogurtland, there's about 15 flavors. Here... only 6 or 7. Toppings are still good but I also think that it is more expensive than Yogurtland. Oh well, it's placed in a mall so I guess they have to raise prices. But seriously, do something about adding more flavors.
4	Nice!
4	You can't come all the way to Tempe Marketplace and skip Mojo, that'd be like going to 2035 in a time machine and not flying a jet pack. You just wouldn't do it, except for maybe if you don't like to fly or are afraid of heights, you wouldn't, but, if you LOVE jetpacks, topped with, say, jet fuel and racing stripes, throw in a fancy push button throttle and electronic ignition, you definitely wouldn't skip it. I'd trade in my space suite for a ride on one of those jet packs. Now if you travel back to the future to prevent Biff from getting his hands on the sports almanac in order to prevent him from taking over the Mojo's of the world, cause where we're going, you don't need roads, and eventually end up riding a steam powered train to get home for dinner, then you know exactly what I'm talking about.Unfortunately, what Mojo lacks in the way of Jetpacks and racing stripes, they make up for in froyo and delicious toppings. If you end up here on a Tuesday, be sure to check out their facebook page for their word of the day, say the word and get yourself half off your entire order of frozen, delicious yogurt. You could end up walking out with the tallest friggen cup of yogurt, for say, about, half the price. That's only 25% of what you would have paid if you came here on a Monday and filled up your cup with twice as much yogurt. Do the math, I promise its better than Monday's.My favorite is always cookie monster, but during the holiday season its usually replaced with apple pie, eggnog, peppermint, or something of the likes, and baby I likes. Top mine off with coconut flakes and at 30(ish) calories an ounce you can feel good about your frozen treat, you'll need to forgo the candies, chocolate sauces, and gummie worms to stay down towards the 30/oz mark though ;-)As always, happy Yelping - see you in 2035 on my jetpack!
1	This location is small and has probably the fewest toppings in any yogurt shop in the valley. We stopped because it was a yogurt shop that we had not heard of before. It was not busy at all and no one greeted us when we walked in. We did try a couple of the flavors before deciding but none really jumped out to us. The toppings were very limited. My daughter just went with sprinkles, she was disappointed that there was not any bobo balls. I love fruit and it did not look very good. We did not pay very much which was nice but we did not take very much either.
4	For good Froyo, you just got to love some MoJo, yea baby yea! Creamy goodness with half the guilt of ice cream, a spread of tasty toppings, this in the TMP in definitely the place to be! They have little cups for sampling to find your favorite flavor. Great prices and with a yelping good 25% off discount just for "checking in" and half off Tuesdays with the FB word of the day, you just can't beat it! Perfect summer treat located in front of the TMP splash pad, you can soak up some sun and enjoy some fromazing yogurt in their outdoor sitting area! Go get you some  Mojo froyo!
5	Best froyo around. We love this location, but we recently discovered the location in Phoenix off of the 101....owner is so kind and conscientious. Mojo is one of the very few places that serve LIVE acidophilus.....other places serve dead acidophilus, so you're not getting the full health benefits. On top of that, this yogurt is delicious!
2	Beware! Yogurt here is just as bad as ice cream! Only one fat free flavor! At least that's what the dingbat girl at the counter told me. Don't get me wrong, yogurt was good but I choose frozen yogurt because it's supposed to be a healthier option.
3	It is nice little shop. However, doesn't have a lot of choices for yogurt. The same for their toppings not a lot of options. I sked if they have cheesecake bites, the worker told me that they have some in the  refrigerator, so she brought me some. They were old and super frozen. Yet, there salted caramel frozen yogurt was superior
4	Decent froyo but a bit overpriced compared to Yogurtland. Much more flavor options at yogurtland. If you're at Tempe marketplace and need some froyo and don't want to drive to a different place, this is a decent option to fulfill those cravings. A cheaper price and more flavor options would bring this place to 5 stars, also could improve the quality of the spoons.
5	best build your own froyo place in the Valley. reasonable prices, lots of discount offers. nice amience with friendly employees & good music.
4	A small froyo place.  Got the basic flavors and some seasonal ones but not a large variety.   The young girl who runs the place is very sweet.  Tip her nicely since this is her very first job ever but is doing a hell of a good job running it.  Toppings are fully stocked, got a little bit of something for everyone.   Fruits.  Chocolates (even non dairy versions!!!). Candies. Cookies. And Caramel of course.  Cute chairs and tables but not a lot of seating inside.
4	This is a smaller mojo since its at at mall but it's still good. The workers are always really nice and helpful. I love that they always have fresh fruit and a couple of new flavors. This is one of my favorite locations, especially since they have a student discount!
3	Solid froyo but not much variety or choices. You can make smoothies out of your froyo so that's cool... Quick tip though, fill your smoothie cup to the top! It shrinks when they blending it. Overall its nice but forgettable.Food 2.5/5Atmosphere 3/5Overall 3/5
