4	Villa Antonio is one of those places that can go in a number of directions, so you may have to cross your fingers when you go through the door.  I've been at least three times, and each time has been completely different.To the credit of the restaurant, the last time was the best - so it is possible that you could say that they are getting better.  It's also possible that you could say that they are just hit-and-miss.  I'll leave that call up to you.The first time I went, we arrived when they were busy, and the only seat that they had was next to the kitchen.  The place was packed, and we had not reservations, so it was good that we had a seat at all.  As you might expect, however, sitting next to the kitchen wasn't a good idea.  Also, being there when they were busy also wasn't good.  It was a bit of a zoo in there.On the second visit, we went at lunch to the buffet, which wasn't impressive at all.  While service was better and the overall experience was improved, the food just wasn't that great.  Unlike some, I don't mind a good buffet, but this one wasn't.Most recently we went just before the dinner rush - and we weren't even dressed appropriately - and had our pick of seats.  It's also worth mentioning that this was after they remodeled the place.  Service had improved quite a bit, we weren't sitting next to the kitchen and everything was much, much better.  By the time we were done it was even well into what we would expect to be a dinner rush, and the place was still nearly empty.  So I wonder if perhaps something has changed.  We might have to drop in again to see.I don't know if they somehow managed to figure out that I wrote this - though I can't imagine how they would do that - but they sent me a gift card (just $5, but a gift card is a gift card).  I don't recall signing up for anything, but maybe I did at some point.  Who knows?
4	Found this place while driving outside the airport before I had to catch a flight. Was tired of eating at the usual places in the airport, so ventured out and found a good meal.  I got there ~5:30 on a Friday, so the place was almost empty, decor was nice, somewhat upscale w/o being too stuffy, and the staff courteous and attentive.I perused the menu for anything that would catch my eye, nothing stood out, seemed more or less your typical Italian menu. So I looked over the featured three-course meal - starter, entree and dessert for $30, where you pick one in each category, figured why not.  I ordered the lobster gnocchi, ribeye w/ red wine sauce and tiramisu. On top of that they had some nice touches of a higher-end restaurant, complimentary tomato brushetta and mango sorbet before the entree. The gnocchi was the best - the vodka sauce was light yet present, steak was undercooked in some parts and tiramisu was good  though espresso was faint if there at all.Overall, I thought this was a very good deal for the food, service and amenities.  If I had to pay more, it be more like a 3-star, but if you can take advantage of the three-course special, it's well worth it.
2	I walked into Villa Antonio anticipating amazing food and a good time.  Well, when Im out with my 2 sisters even a deserted parking lot would be a fun time, thats why this place still got the 2 stars.We nibbled on the Bruschetta while deciding what to order.  The menu seemed to have many options and it all sounded good.  I got the Lobster Bisque to start off with, and what a horrible choice.  It came out lukewarm, overly fishy smell (almost like dead fish--yuck!) and completely inedible.  The presentation made me salivate, but I came to my senses after the 2nd bite.  Couldnt even think of the 3rd bite. Im hoping there was something wrong that specific day with this soup, cause Lobster Bisque anywhere else is delightful.For the entree I got some kind of pasta with shrimp, sun dried tomatoes and goat cheese.  Im not lying when I say I can make an amazing pasta dish that would put this one to a crying shame.  It was awful, tasteless and just a waste of (alot) of money.  The dish had tiny chunks of canned tomatoes! That gross can taste was such a turn off, I ate all 2 bites and took the rest home to give my mom a good laugh.  And boy did she laugh.We did have dessert though, off a huge machine looking cart.  I had creme brulee and it was the saving grace of this restaurant (also the reason they got 2 stars).  Also the in-between palate cleansers were good too.  I wish they would serve that as dessert!  My sister decided to pay for my dinner (how nice) and our total came to be $128.00!!  For crap food!  I felt so bad for her......but Ill make it up to her someday :)
4	Had a fantastic meal tonight.  Antipasto plate was delish. I had the pollo a la florentine. Yummy.
5	Been to this place a few times.  From the beginning of this year, every last Tuesday of the month, a salsa dance use the bar area to hold a free class at 7:30pm then social party till 11:00 pm.  During such time, wine is half price abt $3.50 - $4 or $5.-  They have good collections of wine and they use classic wide wine class with a generous portion.  I love that.Then their appetizers are also half price.  Really great.  Beer is abt $2.00 or $2.50.  Whisky is a little more.  Still affordable.They have good food and the atmosphere is above average.  Better dress up a little before you go.They recently have many features and special.  Check that out if you are interested for a nice dinner in couple or party.  Love this place too.
4	I have always passed my this place and had never stopped in until and ex was wanted to try them and boy was i glad we did. As you walk in you are taken away from the hustle and bustle of being on South Blvd, and is kinda taken to a different place. The decor is very nice and upscale. I must admit they were a little pricey but in my opinion they were will worth it, The portions are huge and they are enough to feed two people. The staff is amazing and are willing to go the extra mile to make sure your happy and that everything is going great. The night we went the owner was there and offered free drinks and I'm down for a free drink anytime.. lol but over all i would rate this a 4 out of 5
4	This place was recommended to us by a neighbor after our disastrous meal at Mama Ricotta's. We had driven by many times and, from it's exterior, gave it a pass because of it's Olive Garden-like vibe.Actually, inside, it's a nice old-school Italian feel to it. There is a bar with live music and tables on one side and a dining room on the other. We showed up on a Friday night without reservations and got a table easy.My husband and I always judge a new Italian restaurant by it's Chicken Parmesan, a classic entree.  It's like a turkey club sandwich -- if you somehow eff it up, I am not interested in your more complicated dishes. There parm was very good: not too much cheesy gunk and nicely cooked and spiced. I had a veal chop that was out of this world. 3 days later when I ate the microwaved leftovers it was still delicious!They have a dessert cart that they roll table-side. Out server tried to steer us away from a couple of options, which I appreciate. The desserts we tried were fine, but not stellar -- an ordinary bread pudding and cheesecake.At the end of the meal one of the staff handed me a hand-written coupon for $20 off our next meal, which was a nice touch.It's a bit spendy, but the overall experience was worth it and we will probably take my parents here when they visit next month.
4	The hubby and I had a restaurant.com coupon that brought us to Villa Antonio.  I didn't read any reviews for this place before we went and based on the location I assumed the restaurant wouldn't be too upscale.  To my surprise this place was pretty fancy.  When we first walked in the host was a bit of a jokester.  He made a few comments about taking care of the pretty lady as he kissed my hand (creepy??) and left Mr. P to take care of himself.  Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful, almost to the point of being bothersome when we were in the middle of a conversation.  He would end up standing at our table talking to us about the food for what sometimes seemed like an excessive amount of time.  At least he was thorough. The food was pretty good.  I had angel hair pesto with shrimp and a side of asparagus and portobello mushrooms.  The hubby had the lobster ravioli with shrimp.  I didn't enjoy my pasta as much as I enjoyed the lobster ravioli, but that's just personal preference.  However, the asparagus and mushrooms were delicious!  The asparagus was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of seasoning and the mushrooms melted in my mouth.  We followed everything up with a strawberry shortcake dessert that was delightful.  I don't know if the food is worth the money, but what you're really paying for is the whole dining experience.  The servers are on top of everything and they like to make the whole evening a show.  They will describe all of the daily specials and give recommendations for wine pairings.  When they bring out your entree plate it has a silver dome cover on top that they rattle around on the plate for dramatic effect before revealing the contents inside.  The whole evening was quite entertaining.  I believe this is the first time I've ever had the waiter shake my hand at the end of the meal.  It's definitely a great place to go on a first date.  We'll be back to try out some other entrees since I was slightly disappointed in my pasta.
4	Service was outstanding. From the moment we walked in, we were immediately greeted and escorted to our table, It was as if someone had called them and told them we were coming and we would most likely be writing a review (or two) on our experience. Or you know how when the bigwigs of your company are going to stop by and everyone has to pretend to love their job and work a little harder? That's what it felt like, which was a good thing. As always at any restaurant, i am a big fan of complementary food without ordering (like all Mexican restaurants chips and salsa). Bruschetta was served when we were seated and even though it wasn't really my favorite thing, i was much obliged. Also served was some awesome i-can't-remember-the-name bread. Yes we will have another round of free yet delicious bread please.   i don't do wine, but the list looked extensive. Had it been a beer list, i would've been giddy.  i was really craving some good old fashion lasagna, but couldn't resist the lobster ravioli served with some mushrooms and 3 obese shrimp. Turned out to be a delicious choice. As a side we ordered the portobello mushrooms and asparagus. The shrooms were perfect and the asparagus were good. Will definitely get that side again. For dessert, i ventured outside of my chocolaty coated, chocolate filled comfort zone and tried the strawberry shortcake. Another excellent choice. Either i happened to select every delicious thing on their menu or this place may be pretty solid across the menu. i have to mention that in the midst of this fancy Italian meal, the lights go out and out they come with an anniversary cake singing Happy Anniversary (to the tune of Happy Birthday) to a couple there celebrating their anniversary. It was very TGI Fridays like. i'm still not sure if i approve or not. i suppose it made me feel better about being in jeans, although when placing our drink orders we felt like we were almost frowned upon when we didn't order any wine.   Even with the $25 restaurant.com certificate, we still spent a pretty penny and in the end, i value my cash more than i need royal treatment, so i'd be content with the Olive Garden unless i need to impress. It makes me doubt my math skills when the tip alone approaches the cost of most of our meals out.
4	Stumbled in here during a storm. The food was excellent but prepare for a calorie splurge.  Would have liked to try the desert but had no room.  The service was old fashioned and first class.
5	We celebrated our 20-something anniversary here, using a coupon we purchased earlier in the year. It was the one of the best anniversary dinners we've ever had. The service, food and ambiance was impeccable. If you're celebrating a special occasion, I can' recommend this highly enough. If it seems out of your price range, I would suggest, if possible, to save up for a special night out.
1	Sorry for my comment tonight. I'm speaking from my personal experience only. Having been here for quite a few months. Came back from oversea This afternoon. They normally has special price on drinks & appetizers every last Tuesday night with dancing party. I did receive a email about that special sometime last week.  I went there with my partner thinking they  had the discount. However, when I asked the waiter if they have special discount, he said he would ask the manager without telling us clearly. Therefore, I thought I was going to order some appetizers before we order entree. Nevertheless, we decided just to order three appetizers and two house red wine.I was thinking if there were special price, I could order something that was on regular price to balance off their special discount because I'm also a business person, didn't want to take every advantage. I asked if they have Bordeaux as commonly known red wine but the waiter brought me white wine.  He came back said they  did not have Bordeaux so I asked for Pinot noir and a dessert.As a result, our bill was $88.- . I even found that two wines cost $27.- Holly Molly, what?????  then he said they did not have special.  Wooow, if I've to pay that price, I didn't have to sit there where other people coming to dance & took my seat whenever I got up to a dance or to bathroom.  Presentation of food was OK but quality did not match with the price.As I was with a guy friend and didn't want to make him feel bad. I only commented with another friend who went there for the party & a couple of drink only. He said he would never eat there as the food wasn't worth the price. He's right. for half the price, I would take it but not the full price. Or I could have better quality and service. No wonder it was not as crowded as it used to be.I felt I had been deceived.  I went home and found the email about the half price of wine and appetizers and special on beer.  I sent them a email with no respond.  Good bye and good luck, cheater  Villa Antonio.
2	This place is defenetly overrated and overpriced. Because of this I decided to go with the $30.00 Three Course Entree Dinner. The service was good I will say that.  The restaurant is "Romantic" that you get to see couples Kissing in their boots and singing to their signinficant other/spouse when the pianist is playing. I am not a big fan of people making out while I am eating.But the food was below par,My first choice was:ALCACCIAItalian Sausage Topped with Melted Mozzarella and Marinara Sauce-Which was the best item out of the 3. The tomato sauce was really goodPENNE & CHICKENPenne Pasta Tossed with Grilled Chicken and Broccoli and Finished in a Vodka Pink Sauce - This entree is just not good the pasta was overcooked and it did not seem to me that the pasta was hand made. It really felt that it came from a grocery store.RASPBERRY CHEESECAKE - I will agree with someone that posted something stating that the CHEESECAKE might have come from a different place because it was actually good.The quality is not that great; if you are paying $25+ For just an entree with no salad / soup included it better be good.Anywho thats my 2 cents. I would not come back here again.
4	I was recommended to go here by my hotel and could not have been more pleased! There were 8 of us who showed up without a reservation an they were so helpful in accommodating us. The food quality was outstanding! Everyones meal was cooked perfectly and tasted great! When you are there you MUST get the chocolate roll cake for dessert! This is a must visit while in Charlotte!
4	My husband and I really enjoyed this place.  It is more expensive than most places, and yes, you probably could find the same dish elsewhere for ten bucks less.  But you know how much the food costs before you go there. My husband's father owned a couple over restaurants and was born and raised in Sicily.  So needless to say, he knows Italian food.  That being said, we were not disappointed.  I thought the food was great and the portions were big.   I got the Osso Bucco.  The veal was fall off the bone good.  And they left the bone marrow, which most restaurants don't do.  I also really liked the atmosphere.  Its felt like something more classic, traditional.  And it was intimate.  The wait staff was also great.  If you are going for a special event and expect to pay more, I don't think you will be disappointed.
4	Villa Antonio always reminds me why I enjoy dinner there so much.  From the greeting at the door from Anthony, Fidel or Walter...to the great service provided throughout the dinner...to the great multi-course meals....Villa Antonio always hits the mark!  The wife and I had a great dinner before going to a local jazz concert.  Fresh focaccia with balsamic EVOO dip....and the fresh bruschetta....all so very good.  The lemon sorbet with extra dry brut provided the best palate cleanser!!  And the wine selection is always amazing!!  We had a great pairing of delicious red wine....(Yes RED goes well with everything) and our waiter never asked our preference!!  Why....because that is how good they are with pairing!  Dinner was great...the dishes are always well prepared and so so so full of flavor.  And the portions are so great...you have to think a minute before you decide on the tiramasu or other wonderful dessert ...or do I just get a box and take some home!  So...on this particular evening....we passed on dessert.!!! And passed on the boxes...and cleaned our plates!
2	Finally used the LivingSocial deal I'd bought for Villa Antonio.Our table wasn't ready at our reserved time (wound up being seated ~20 minutes late)Service was okay (_constantly_ refilling of our wine glasses, confusing us with other tables)Food was okay (we had two different pasta dishes; the tiramisu was very good, huge and rich)In keeping with "love it or hate it," has to be the latter since we've got better Italian restaurants that are less expensive in the area
4	Villa Antonio is kind of like a tamale; corny on the outside, delicious on the inside. When I first spotted this restaurant upon moving to Charlotte, I couldn't help but notice the out of place exterior on South Boulevard. The sign is a little dorky and it looks like some crazy Italian villa...next to a Walgreens. The interior, however, has a very romantic italian feel with low lighting and candles on the tables. From the moment we arrived, and before we even walked through the door, the service was incredible. We were promptly greeted by the owner (who kissed my hand, yes, really) and one of the managers who opened the doors. We were seated immediately and didn't have to wait long for our server to take our drink order. The wine selection is immense and takes a while to get through, but our server was good about checking back with us without being a pest. After we finally decided, we were presented with one of the best bruschettas I've ever had. It was seriously good and seriously gratis. I love little touches like that at restaurants, they really set the place apart. We thought that was great and didn't even expect bread, but after ordering our food, we got more delicious treats in the form of warm foccacia with yummy "italian butter" (balsamic and EVOO). We couldn't decide what to order because everything looked so good, but we finally went with the beef wellington and this "purse pasta" (sacchietta maybe??) that was filled with cheese and proscuttio in a delish sauce. We let the server know we wanted to share them, so maybe needed a small plate. He said he would let the chef know and see what he could do. The beef wellington takes a while to prepare (menu says 30 minutes) and while we were waiting the service continued to be stellar. The owner, the manager and our server took turns refilling our wine glasses and water and making sure we were still doing well.After about 30 minutes, our food was presented under silver domes (so fancy!). The server pulled off the lids to reveal that the chef had already split the entrees between the two plates and even prepared TWO smaller beef wellingtons! I couldn't believe the trouble the went to to prepare two separate entrees for us. Even after being divided, the portions were still HUGE! The only reason I can't give this review 5 stars is because the beef was a fair amount over, but I will note that beef wellington is very hard to not overcook. And it was delicious anyway...Overall, this is a really great place. The prices are a bit high for the food, but the ambiance is good and the service is outstanding. Definitely a great spot for a night out with your special guy or gal.
4	I have been to the Villa ANtonio restaurant in Ballantyne many times.  I typically get the Chicken Parmesan, always delicious.  I have gotten the fired calamari every time I have been in there, it's always delicious.  The fried calamari is the real deal, barely any rings (if at all).  As for the South Boulevard location.  Today was my first trip there for lunch.  They had the lunch buffet.  The lunch buffet was excellent.  Good variety, including a salad bar, 3-4 types of pasta (Penne Carbanara, cheese ravioli, ziti w/spinach andd sausage, and a pasta with seafood) , chicken marsala, meatloaf, and minestrone soup.  Other reviewers have said the buffet items change.  Service was also excellent.  The cost was also very reasonable, only $9.99.  I plan to eat here weekly now.
1	Reservations meant nothing.  We waited.  And waited.  Then we ate.  Sort of. I don't eat mushy pasta.  I had what was purported to be "pappardelle." Sigh.  It was not.  The Caesar salad was "made" table side.  Or so they pretended.  Lettuce in a bowl tossed with cheese at your table sans egg or anchovy is a side salad.  Caesar was far from hailed. Dry.  Inedible, It all comes down to your personal preferences and standards If you are not Italian, have never been to Italy or have never been fed by an Italian, you might like the food.  You might also like Chef Boyardee.  I give this restaurant 1 star because I have to on this site.  Personally, my dead mother is rolling in her grave and  I would like to go into their kitchen and teach them the basics of Italian cooking 101. Starting and ending with the concept of "al dente."
4	My wife and I love this place.  Funny thing is that it is an Italian joint, however I have yet to try any of the pasta dishes.  I always find myself getting the Osso Bucco or the Beef Wellington, which are both delicious!  The veal is fall off the bone, and you can cut the wellington with a fork.  Also one of the only places that I've found in Charlotte that actually has wellington on the menu.
4	The place is solid.  This is real Italian food, from the mother land.  Know that going in.  Also know that you will spend 200 bucks for 2 people.  If you know these 2 things going in and can't accept that, then do what most of the  people in Charlotte do and go to that nasty rat hole, The Olive Garden, which is one step down from dog food.
4	MMMMM GOOD Italian food!  I have only been here for lunch, but dammmnnn!   9.95 for their lunch buffet is a steal.  There are tons of options and its a buffet. So ladies line your purse with tin foil or ziplock bags.    I usualy take clients here for lunch because its a steal and they really enjoy the food.  The ambience of this place is perfect for business and it seems like it would be a good date spot as well.  The only negative I had was that I deviated from the buffet once and tried the Villa Sinatra.  Which is a filet mignon sandwich on ciabatta.  It was really friggin good, but it didnt seem like super tender filet that I am used to.  Other than that, this will be my go to place for lunch meetings or when I am feeling like being a fatty.
4	I used a living social voucher for a 6 dollar buffet. Food was rich, but delicious. Came with focaccia and olive oil. My goal today was to eat enough at lunch that I won't be hungry until late evening. I succeeded in this task using all the inner glutton I could muster. Good, friendly service and welcoming  atmosphere. I'm sure my reviews will get more snarky with time, but for a 6 dollar buffet lunch (9.95 without a coupon?) this couldn't be beat.
3	OVERPRICED. My friend and I used a coupon for $40 off and our bill was still $80 without tip. Here's a tip: When the waiter suggests a side dish for your entree, find out if the dish is a la carte, or included with the entree. Yes, the food itself was very good and the service was also very good, but we thought we were getting a good deal and we felt bamboozled in the end. This, in fact, ruined the entire experience of good food and good fun.
4	The grouper stuffed with crab, and scallops and green beans was delicious! The staff was all very friendly.  Cozy atmosphere.  Would definitely return.
5	Love, love LOVE Villa Antonio!! I just moved here 4 months ago and my boyfriend and I have been there 3 time so far. The staff is friendly and the food is amazing! Come hungry or you'll for sure have leftovers! Living Social Deals are a must! Enjoy!!
4	I would have given it 5 stars, however, a guest walked in as they were closing (door should have been locked) and said they would be quick. Server checked w mgr & said no. Server kept looking out window & told guests, "That was awkward" who were enjoying a nice date, and had to explain the issue to guests - which wasn't necessary or polite.
5	Great food, fun atmosphere. A little speedy for what it is but if you have a yelp deal it's well worth it!!!!
5	Me & my girl were treated like royalty. Great service! Good food. Will return.
1	Overpriced and overbearing...food was plain.
4	went for the lunch buffet, for the price you cannot beat it... lots of options, well stocked and everything was hot and fresh.
4	As yearly tradition dictates, my boss takes all of my group out to lunch to celebrate surviving another year.  My boss's favorite type of food is "a lot", so he tries to force us to go to a buffet every year.  Normally, since I am the one who coordinates the outing and I am not a fan of standing in line for and then carrying my food, we do not go to a buffet.  This year, he won out and we did a lunch buffet, and that was a good thing!I called Villa Antonio ahead of time and spoke to a very friendly young woman on the phone (Rebecca, I believe) who I made the reservation with.  She explained that we wouldn't be in our own room, but we would be sectioned off for "semi-private" dining.  Good enough.  I reminded all of my group ahead of time to please wear a shirt and shoes to work that day and upon inspection we could be seen in public so off we went.  Villa Antonio is located near the intersection of South and Woodlawn (located directly across the street from the Home Depot that my group worked on, so we go to see a jobsite as well).  The parking looks like it is going to be sketchy if you look at the front of the building, but there is plenty of parking behind the building (you can also go next door to Pier 1 and walk off some of the carbs when you are done).Our group of 17 arrived in groups of 3 or so and we were taken to a room towards the back that was cordoned off by a black curtain.  We weren't all crammed in together and all had ample room to maneuver to the buffet as well as eat. Drink orders were promptly taken and kept refilled.  Fresh, warm delicious bread was put on the table with dipping oils.  The buffet doesn't have a huge selection, which is a good thing as that means items are turned quickly and don't sit out.  The day we went there was a small salad section, lasagna, a chicken pesto pasta, meatballs, chicken something, roasted veggies, a cheesy potato casserole type dish and some other items (I was full after my first pass so I don't recall every item).  All of the items were hot and tasted fresh.  The potato casserole was delicious, as was the lasagna and and the chicken pesto pasta.  Another large group came in behind us, so waiting in line became a bit tedious for others, but I would think during the average day any other time of year that it wouldn't be packed to the rafters will people.A dessert tray was brought out, but most of us were stuffed and needed to get back to the office to meet a deadline, but the desserts looked good as well.I believe the buffet, drink included, was only $10, so that is a great deal if you like quality food as well as quantity.  Great meal, service was wonderful (refilling drinks, clearing plates) and the price was right.
3	My fiance and I went here after purchasing a Yelp deal as we had driven past the restaurant many times and never made it in!  Let me start by saying the staff were extremely attentive and accomodating (though borderline suffocating at times) but it was also a Wednesday evening before restaurant week so perhaps it was abnormally quiet.  We weren't planning to have wine with dinner but couldn't resist when they told us it was 1/2 priced bottles night.  We had a tasty Malbec and for half price it was a great deal!The food was good.  Is is bad I don't really know what else to say than that?  I had a pasta dish with a variety of shellfish in a vodka sauce and my fiance had the chicken parmesan .  Everything I would say was average - portions were plentiful, food was flavorful but nothing really wowed me.  Had I not had the Yelp deal I imagine I would have been a little disappointed in paying $28 for a pasta dish that was just good.  With that being said, I will file this restaurant in the "Wouldn't choose to return but would be fine with someone suggesting we go there" section of my dining rolodex.  For what it's worth, I think there is much better food (particularly Italian) at other places that can offer the same dining experience at half the price.
1	My first 1-star review... there was absolutely nothing about this place that was even average.  Here's my breakdown:1. Ambiance - cheesy... no, super cheesy.  Like a bad Christmas sweater that is not worn ironically.2. Food - awful... the salad was soggy from wilted lettuce, the calamari was like deep fried rubber, the pasta was bland and the veal was like eating beef jerky covered in cream sauce. Think you can't screw up tiramisu? Think again. Awful.3. Wine - horrible... the wines offered by the glass were like what you might find on closeout at a flea market. There were a few halfway decent Italian wines offered by the bottle, but at 3-4x the retail price.  With so many good options to build a great Italian wine list (see Vivace for a good example), this was bottom of the barrel and I really know my Italian wines. Very disappointing.4. Service - suffocating... must have had someone come over every 5 minutes and there were at least 4 different folks hovering around us.  When the waiter came by I felt like I was at a used car lot with a salesman getting paid to "upsell" me at every opportunity.I do not give out 1-stars often... same as my 5-stars, but this was just plain bad.  Think we ended up spending $115 on dinner for two, didn't get any wine by the bottle (just a few glasses) and walked out of there feeling like we just got robbed.
2	I bought the Yelp deal on the way to the Ballantyne restaurant. After I purchased it, I realized that the coupon said it was for the South Blvd location, but it was listed as South Blvd, Ballantyne. The manager went ahead and let us use our coupon, but there was some major confusion and he took my iPhone for about 10 minutes.We ordered appetizers, soup/salad and shared an entree. Our entree was supposed to be a chicken dish and it came out as a pasta that had a similar name. It was good, but not really enough to share with 2 people like the meat dish would have been. I suspected the waiter had just heard me wrong, but the bill came out for the chicken dish. I should have objected, but I didn't because they had already let us use our coupon. We won't be back. The food was so so and very expensive for what we got.
1	Met a co-worker for lunch here one day. I had previously only been to dinner at the Ballantyne location, which was always delicious - hence, I was expecting the same. We both got the buffet. Nothing, and I repeat, nothing, on the buffet was edible. The food was cold and tasted worse than Olive Garden. Absolutely awful!
3	Food was undeniably fantastic, but felt shunned after my son ordered a beer and was denied because he left his wallet at the hotel.  Kept staring at him like he
5	We absolutely love Villa Antonio's!!  Great food and my absolute favorite dessert, Bananas Foster prepared the traditional way, flamed at your table side.  Also music and dancing most nights in the bar area!  A true Gem in Charlotte!!
5	I went here for a first date, and had the best experience.  It was at the tail end of Charlotte Restaurant Week, but they had their full menu so we decided to try something they were known for.  They highlighted their Osso Bucco, and I don't think I've ever had Osso Bucco before, so I was sold (plus the line about "slowly braised for 8 hours").  It was honestly one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten, and I don't say that easily.  Velvety, rich, tender, and just freaking delicious, served over risotto.  Oh man.  We got a side of spinach to go with it, and a bottle of pinot noir.  We finished off with the mousse (not really my thing, but I was pretty full from dinner).  The dinner was fantastic, the ambiance was great, and Antonio even stopped by for a chat.  I'd go back in a heartbeat!  Definitely lives up to the hype.
5	Charlotte Fine Dining at it's best!!! This place sets the standard for superior customer service.  You will never be disappointed in this choice.  It's perfect for celebrating a special occasion, entertaining family or clients or even a quick bite & drinks at the bar. Anthony is always overseeing the staff to ensure that you get a wonderful experience on each visit.  If Chris is behind the bar, you can't loose.  I have been coming to Antonio's for years and will continue to for many more.
3	Food was great.The staff was very proud of their upcoming anniversary.I will say the osso bucco was delicious, but the portion was small and pricey ($36.00).Overall I thought it was over priced, but again the food and staff were terrific!
5	Its the first place in Charlotte that we treated like we were important. The service was fabulous and the food was prepared beautifully. They take pride in their place and it shows. Do yourself a favor and have dinner here. Youll be glad you did.
2	Went with the hubs as a romantic date. The outside is so opulent that I expected the same. But the decor is super dated and way to dark. They could use real flowers for what they charge instead of plastic ugly ones. Service was good, I think it was the only good thing. The prices are high but the taste and quality of the food wasn't. My hubs ordered the lamb chops he got two small ones with a weird side and a few leaflets of spinach. Needless to say he ate a lot of bread (cold). Mine was a seafood fettuccine which was ok had only 3 pieces of shrimp mostly fish and had a bland taste overall. Didn't like that even though we weren't interested in dessert they forced this tray on us. Literally! So got the Napoleon which had refrigerator taste. We told the waitress and got a sorry would have expected my money back for the $8 dollar dessert. I don't think we will be going back at least not for their dinner. One plus was the live music.
1	I made a reservation for my husband and l. The food was tasty but it was really expensive and the portion sizes were extremely tiny for that price! What made me really upset was that when I called l asked the guy if they did anything special for anniversaries and he said he would give us a slice of cake and sing for us and asked if that would be ok. Everything was ok until the server brought our bill!!! I went over to the front desk and the man who spoke to me was not only rude but also impatient!! I was trying to tell him what the person who took my reservation said but he cut me short and said "oh no you have to pay for the cake!!" That would not have been an issue if they told me that when I called and actually remembered to sing for us!!! I was mad but still wanted to surprise my husband so I paid for the cake! When I wrote a review the manager called and told us to go for coffee and desert so he could fix it for us, the greeter treated us like we were lying when I told him who sent us and even wanted to see the email!! He told us the manager was busy after driving for 20min to get there!!! Will not be going over for any other occasion l got $20 service after spending $100!!!
5	This is one of my favorite outings when I don't have a little one with me.  I love the seafood bisque.  The pasta purses are divine!  I always sub out shrimp for the chicken!  The desserts are yummy.  It's just such fun to go out and be pampered at a meal and that is exactly what you get here!
5	We found this restaurant by chance and have only been twice but were impressed each time with the wait staff, meals, and wines. We have used a groupon deal since the first visit which is great because it allows use to get more for less when we want a special night out. Looking forward to trying the lunch buffet
4	I'm a total fan of the lunch buffet at Villa Antonio! For $9 you get a great meal and of course as much as you want because it's a buffet. One of the best lunch buffets I've been to for a quick lunch during the work day. They have baked chicken, roasted vegetables, salad, mashed potatos, cheese ravioli, and other Italian specialities. You really get your money's worth and more for lunch!
5	Great authentic Itallian, hands down. The lobster Ravioli is awesome. It's cooked to perfection. They also have the best Pineapple martini in town.
4	Great environments! Only downside is service is a bit slow !
4	Unlike some of the reviewers, I thought the food was really quite good and better than a lot of the Italian I've had in Charlotte. I had the lasagne and my husband had the sacchietti (spelling?). We also had a mushroom-polenta appetizer that was really rich but delicious! The atmosphere is great in a quaint sort of way- the live music on weekends, the manager who kisses your hand, the fancy covers on your plates when entrees are served, the slightly dated decor. Maybe that's not your thing, but I found it refreshingly authentic in a city dominated by trendy-chains. The only downside for me was the prices, as they are steep. I would be a regular if entrees were a little cheaper but, as it is, it's a nice special occasion place. Also they frequently run deals on sites such as restaurant.com and LivingSocial.
3	I haven't been to Villa Antonio in years.  But was a bit disappointed when I recently visited. The calamari was very good and I loved the Asian twist they gave it.  The staff was good. It was really the entrees that I didn't feel were worth the price. I forget the name but it was a twist on chicken parm and included eggplant.  It was decent I just didn't feel that the food justified the price.
5	Great food, superb service and prices that can't be beat!  Definitely will recommend to our friends!
4	Visited restaurant with a Living Social deal on a Monday night at 7 pm.   Made reservations although it was a Monday night and they were not extremely busy decided it would be a good idea.  Greeted and seated quickly in a booth and server was prompt to get drink orders and give us "specials".  Everyone was friendly and made you feel important. Appetizers were good and served quickly.  Entrees were large and very tasty (enough for another meal for each of us and they gladly boxed it for us).  Water glasses were kept full and server was very attentive until it came time to pay our bill and we then had to look for him to get out check .  All in all it was a nice, quiet evening with hubby and leftovers for another night!  Glad we had early reservations as the crowd was picking up as was the noise level by the time we left.A little pricey but with our Living Social we certainly enjoyed the night!
