1	There are much better and cheaper options for gyms in the tempe area.  My biggest complaints are the lack of cleanliness and the overall condition. The lobby and general areas all look nice, but I've often found the locker rooms to be dirty. Additionally, the cardio machines are often sticky and sweaty. Gross!On the plus side, the pool is great, and it's large enough that finding a machine isn't a problem. My biggest complaint has come after I cancelled my membership. I get almost weekly calls, letters, and emails asking me to re-join. I've asked to be removed from their mailing list, but it doesn't seem to work. Somehow the message of "Leave me alone... I'm happy with my new gym" isn't getting through!
3	Yes, Lifetime Fitness is expensive.  When I joined, I felt that $40/month was a little excessive but appreciated the wealth of amenities I was provided.  I eventually canceled in favor of a cheaper rate at LA Fitness and have learned that Lifetime has raised their monthly dues to an astronomical $50.  If this is true, I can't imagine why anyone would sign up.  Sure, the facility is more like a compound in size, but how many people will actually take advantage of everything offered to them?  I used only the cardio equipment, free weights, and basketball courts.  I estimate that most people don't even utilize that much.  If you're the type of person that appreciates pools, water slides, squash, rock climbing, tanning beds, day spas, cafes, an uncountable number of saunas, and watching television in the locker room, then this gym is for you.  Me, I just want to work out for 47 minutes, shoot some hoops, and go home.This gym clearly isn't for everyone, but I guess it's for someone.
5	I can't believe the reviews that this place has received so far!  WOW!!I concede, yes it is very expensive when compared to other gyms, but a BMW is expense when compared to a Ford....In my life I've belonged to The Courthouse (tiny gym), LA Fitness, ASU Student Rec Center, Q Fitness (now 24 hour fitness) and the YMCA and I can honestly say that all pale in comparison to this facility.  Quick disclaimer: Not all LifeTime Fitness centers are the same!  The one in Gilbert is great, but not as amazing as this facility.  When I moved to MN (home of LifeTime Fitness) I actually plotted out where we would live based on the proximity to one of their gyms.  The closest one to me is in no way comparable to the facility in Tempe and as a result we are no longer members.  If I lived even remotely close to a facility like this one I would join again in a heartbeat.  Now on to the review.My wife actually signed us up under the family plan without me around.  When she told me how much it was (~$90/month for the entire family) I was a bit put back.  But after my first visit I felt the money was well spent and that we were even getting a deal!I often describe this facility as a "country club".  Everything about this place is just amazing.Locker Rooms - Incredibly well appointed with a ton of space, a lounge, sauna and steam room.  The lockers are large and their card/key system saves a lot of time for those of us that always forget to bring a lock with them.Cardio - There's no way anyone can complain about this!  Even at peak times there are almost always machines available in every category (treadmill, bike, elliptical, etc).  The machines are well maintained and the abundance of large screen TVs will keep you distracted from your achy legs.Weight Machines - You name it, they have it.  There are more here than I would ever use, but if you want to work that little muscle that connects those two things that you n ever use, they probably have a machine here to do it.Free Weights - They have a ton of free weights with some set-ups that I have yet to find in other facilities.  Plenty of space to workout and plenty of weights for everyone to use.Basketball - Two full size courts that are open and clean.  Great courts to play on.Squash - Probably my one complaint is that they have squash courts and no racquetball courts.  Of course most would argue that squash is more technical than racquetball and I should get some skill and stop bitching.Rock Climbing - Probably one of the most underused aspects of the gym.  I rarely saw people on this, but is was a heck of a set-up!Tennis - This was extra and since I'm not much of a tennis player I didn't sign up for this feature, but it seemed like a nice facility.Pool - Indoor and outdoor pools, so you can swim all year long.  The outdoor pool had some AMAZING "scenery" during the warmer months.  I wouldn't go so far as to compare it to a Vegas hotel pool, but it was darn impressive!Kid Zone - This is one of the things that sold it for us.  The facility for kids was outstanding, with separate areas set up for different ages and an abundance of activities and areas for all kids.  Indoor, lower hood basketball.  Outdoor play area.  Huge indoor "jungle gym".  Computers.  Crafts.  This truly was an amazing part of the gym.  And the great thing is, if you want to relax instead of work out, this aspect of the gym becomes even more helpful!  You want to get a haircut and a massage?  Drop the kids off and head to the spa!  You want to sit back and relax?  Drop the kids off and head to the pool or hot tub.  The kids look forward to it and it's great for the parents!Spa - My wife used this more than me and was happy with the experiences that she had here.  We didn't use it as much as we could have, but no complaints.Cafe - Decent food for a little cafe in a gym.  I ate many a breakfast there on my way to work after a cardio session.  Overall I just don't think that I've ever been in a better gym.  Yes it's expensive, but even at a higher price I feel as if I always got a good deal for the money I spent.
5	God Bless Lifetime Fitness.First off, let me tell you how much I despise working out.  Like, at times I'd rather drink my own pee than even come within 50 feet of the stair stepper.  However, LTF (have you noticed that I like to abbreviate?  Get used to it friends...)  makes my gym experience fairly painless.  Steve W, I salute you for aknowledging the value of such a fine work-out establishment, and I actually have many of the same opinions. But because I like to hear myself talk, I'll reiterate some of my favorite points.First off, I'm absolutely not a fan of children.  Especially at a gym.  Lifetime has FREE childcare for kiddos 12 and under so us singles can flirt our way through our workout without your kids sniffling and screaming.  Kids can play and swim outside under parental supervision at the pool, complete with waterslides and some kid-specifc water fountain spray thing.  They love it.  And I do too.  WATERSLIDES?  I mean come on.  LoveitLoveit.Lifetime's members span the board, which is nice because I like the fact that I'm not the most out of shape person there.  I also like that there is nice scenery to watch and inspire me to keep my feet on that god forsaken stair stepper.  You may even see a professional athelete or TV personality on occasion.  Who doesnt love that?You never wait for a piece of equipement because there are tons of machines.  And they are not covered in meathead sweat, which is always nice.My favorite part of LTF is the group classes.  Excellent teachers, classes every day of the week, and a good variety of options.  I'd like to see more coreographed classes like Hip-Hop, but whatever, Kickboxing Jam is pretty damn close.   Locker rooms are always spotless, towel service is free, sauna and steam rooms arent full of weirdo naked people, and they have this device that dries your bathing suit in under a minute.  Ingenious!  I've been a member of a ton of Scottsdale gyms but I drive the extra 20 minutes in rush hour to go to the Tempe LTF.  Doesnt road rage burn calories anyway??  Win-win situation.
5	I'm in love with LTF.  When I joined, I was just over 300 lbs and terribly out of shape.  But I never felt out of place or uncomfortable.  There were plenty of people in all stages of fitness, so I didn't stand out at all.   That helped tremendously!Most of the classes are mulit-level, so you can join in and work on your fitness level without feeling intimidated.  The Hydro Training class is amazing!  Classes are scheduled 7 days a week, with hours to fit all schedules.  Instructors are helpful and motivating, never judgemental.My son is 12, so he's old enough to do his own thing.  I never worry about his safety in this huge facility.  I don't have a lot of experience with the childcare, but I've heard nothing but positives.  I only WISH this place had been around when my son was younger!The facility is always clean and even at peek times there are plenty of machines available.  They limit enrollment to ensure this.It may be a bit on the pricey side as far as most gyms go but the services and amenities are FAR FAR superior to any other gym in my experience.  Tons of classes, indoor/outdoor pools with slides, hot tubs, saunas, steam rooms, nice locker rooms, free towel service, tennis, racquetball, squash, rock climbing, basketball, volleyball, spa, cafe, etc etc etc.  What more could anyone want?  I'd gladly pay twice as much for all that we enjoy at LTF!  It keeps me motivated and interested in a variety of workout options, which keeps me coming back regularly.
4	LTF...a home away from home! We joined a year before they opened - yes, one year! In general I am really happy with Lifetime, have had some issues but it seems less "gym-y" than some, and I like the atmosphere. I have children, so the amenities for them are awesome (kids center, summer camp, lessons and pools), and the fitness classes are generally really good, while my husband goes for the squash league. I dont think the cost is crazy for what you get, really.    Over time we have had some kinks with member activities, swim lesson instructors, etc - but they have changed their staff and it really has improved. Besides, where else can go and check out Matt Leinart in his sweaty gym clothes!!!
5	Expensive but WAAAAAAY worth it!Just the best fitness center bar none!
5	Ok I am poor...and Lifetime is the reason for it.  But you know what...I don't care...I heart LIfetime Fitness.  It is the only gym that I actually feel comfortable working out in.  They never tried to upsell me on packages.  My sales manager (who works in Scottsdale) is the best.  But on top of everything else...I love my trainer.  (this is why I am poor...but I love him so)  He is the best and believe me...when the manager was choosing a trainer for me...they knew what they were doing.   Matt is the best.  He is so worth it.I am going to have my first experience with the classes tomorrow, and I have signed up for volleyball. (hint hint...they need more players)  The lifespa is awesome, and the Life Cafe has the best Chicken Pesto sandwich in the world.  Everybody is so friendly there...and the whole gym is extremely clean...another thing that I like.  I cannot complain in the least.
5	I pay almost $120 month in fees for our family of 5 but it is sooooo worth it.  Just the two hours per day of free childcare for my 3 kiddos is worth it.  I love the group fitness classes, the place is always clean and pretty well stocked.  The cafe has yummy smoothies and the pool is lush.  What else could you ask for in a gym?
1	I've been a member for over 5 years and I've noticed the last few months that this experiece has gotten disgusting.  The towels smell like sweat, the clocks have stopped, nothing is cleaned, the drinking fountains have stuff stuck to them, some of the machines are in disrepair for more than 2 weeks, and I could go on.  I've decided to try to find a new gym because I don't want to get sick here.Besides all that, what's up with the toilet seat covers??!  They're there one week and gone the next.  WTH?Really just venting because I'm really disappointed with what was a good gym.
4	I joined it for the climbing wall, then found myself going there all the time. it is by far the best gym I have ever been to. Everything is spread out and there are enough machines and weights so I never really find myself waiting for anything. They are also open 24 hrs so I can go at odd times. My only complaint is that the climbing wall has very limited hours. I wish teh wall was open as long as the gym is!
4	If you want only one gym, a place with a pool, tennis and good cardio equipment I feel this is the best gym in the area. However you will pay double the price of an LA Fitness, (although it is kept cleaner than LA), it is not for those who do not utilize their gym membership.Why not 5 stars? Because of the maintenance, or lack of. Shower heads are ready to fall off the wall, some lockers don't lock, the light in the steam room is falling apart. Soap runs out and is not refilled at any normal speed. The bottom of the indoor pool does not get cleaned enough. Squash courts are dirty (do they ever clean them?). They run out of large towels randomly. Just the little things, this gym is terrible at the little things!If someone from Lifetime is reading this, please have corporate visit this location more often and bust some heads as this could easily be a 5 star gym.Lifetime also needs to let it's members visit another location for free. I do not like the policy of having to pay to go outside my home gym. This is a corporate owned company, not a franchise. It does not cost them anything to do this.
5	This gym has spoiled me. They have all the right classes at all the right times. even when it's packed, there's always an open machine. sometimes there's a wait for the weight machines. the  locker rooms are always super clean. and the staff is just awesome. totally worth the $50 membership!
5	I love this place. So very clean, professional staff, and a ton of machines so you NEVER have to wait for anything. Locker rooms have hair dryers, towels and a wet sauna. Outside there is the pool area with chairs for napping, lanes for swimming laps, areas for smaller kids and also a slide!Spa offers massages, facials, haircuts, etc.Lifecafe has shakes to sandwichs to googles if you're like me and forget them at home.
4	They would get five if they had more classes. Other then that this gym makes working out very convienent many services and their staff is upbeat and helpful
5	I'm really happy with this gym.  Would highly recommend it to anyone, the group fitness classes alone are worth the membership costs even if you only go a few times a month.I also like the LifeCafe restaurant inside...I love the pesto chicken salad (if you need extra protein after your workout tell them to throw in some spicy peanuts ...sooo good with that salad.)
4	Loving the Lifetime.. Clearly you get what you pay for.. but its worth the splurge.. and truly, my opinion is that I can spend the moola out eating or get my butt to the best gym in PHX.. Locker rooms are great.. hair dryers.. sauna.. Love the fact that theres a small little cafe.. so you can grab a HEALTHY bite out the door running to your busy life.. Great pool.. lots of cardio machines and classes!
4	I feel like I'm getting away with something...how is it I can get so much and pay so little? I cancelled my membership at Yoga Deva (see my review) and started at Lifetime. I LOVED Yoga Deva - Shosh was amazing! But I just felt like I need to lift weights and get into the habit of running again. I can only afford one membership and since Lifetime offers Yoga too...Deva had to go :( I love Lifetime. It's as simple as that. I got the most basic membership (because I'm a simple person) and I still feel like I have more than enough services to meet my physical needs. If only they made men like this.... I am definitely a fan of Lifetime!!
4	Yep I still like it here. It's clean, lots of equipment.  You can work out, eat and get your hair done. Convenience.
5	Lifetime fitness is the bomb. How do I know this? Because I have worked out at probably 100 different gyms during my 8 years of traveling the country playing minor league baseball. At Lifetime you get what you pay for and Lifetime is not cheap. It's always meticulously clean, stocked with towels and has plenty of free and pay for classes if you like classes. If you wanted to, you could literally spend the whole day at Lifetime at have everything you need from the cafe, pool, child care (max 2 hours), hair and nail salon, free WiFi, lounging area in the locker room with couches and a flat screen TV, Jacuzzi, sauna, etc, etc, etc. If you don't mind the price, 40/mnth for a basic membership, you will love Lifetime and never want to work out anywhere else.
4	I've been going to Lifetime for about two years now and I love it!  Before that I was at L.A. Fitness and it was fine as far as gyms go, however, the reason for the switch was the timing of my workout.  I decided I wanted to start working out in the mornings before work and I instantly knew two things: 1) I would save about 30 minutes (or get an extra 30 minutes of workout) if I started showering at the gym and 2) there was no way I was going to shower at L.A. Fitness. YUCK!So, the search for a nice gym began.  I didn't have to look too far, Lifetime is actually closer to my house.  And yes, it is a little bit more expensive, however it is well worth it to me.  I think if you are a consistent gym goer, spending a little extra money makes sense.I love that there is a cafe where I can grab some coffee on the way to work, or breakfast, or lunch depending on when I'm there.  They have a good selection of food and open at 6 am!  The locker rooms are always clean.  The towels could be a little bigger/thicker/better, but they'll do (seeing as how there isn't any sort of towel service fee).The staff is friendly, even super early in the morning when I usually go.  They are always smiling, saying "good morning," and wishing me a good workout!  I've taken a few of the classes there and I really enjoy them.  I've worked out with a few of the personal trainers and haven't been disappointed yet.The thing that still amazes me is that no matter how full the parking lot is, there are always machines available.  I hate that "after work" rush, which is why I go in the A.M., however even the few times that I have gone at the peak of business, I have never had to wait to use a machine; and that is worth the extra money!!
4	All you have to do is read a bunch of the reviews and you will see that Lifetime Fitness is the real deal.  I mean, they have everything you could possibly imagine in a gym and more.  They have state of the art equipment, an indoor pool, an outdoor pool, a cafe, a bistro, a salon, sauna, steam rooms, childs center, etc., etc., etc.  Trust me, it's all here and then some.BUT...  what really gets me is that they do not do well with the little things.  Little things like toilet paper.  I mean, is there anything worse than rushing to the toilet, doing your business and then finding there is no toilet paper!  This hasn't happened once.  It happens frequently.  Now, it's the first thing I check.  Anyway, it doesn't stop there.  Many of the locker doors are like falling off the hinges.  The steam room is routinely broken and not functional.  I'm telling you it's little stuff.  For example, the clock outside the sauna was broken.  Shit happens right.  It took them a month to replace it?  We're talking about a wall clock and it's kinda important to have one in a sauna.  This place really rocks it out in so many ways.  It really does.  The cafe is just awesome.  But somebody there in management really needs to take a close look at the little things.
5	Great gym!  Lifetime has everything and then some!  Our family loves to come to the gym to work out, swim, yoga classes, for the spa, play & parents nite out.  The staff is out of this world, they feel like family.  At times it feels resort-like, and the best thing is ....Lifetime Fitness is good for you!The facility is clean and well taken care of, always someone there to help you, classes galore and all the amenities to make it worth every penny!
5	If your looking for a gym with many options & tons of classes this is this place. Not only is there things for the adults but your kids have things to do there as well and  have fun! The gym is very clean & the staff is very friendly.  The daycare also is very clean and all employees get an extensive background check. I've been to many gyms and paid a range of different dues but by far this has been worth every penny! As an added bonus they have a full service salon in there, so if you don't feel like blowdrying your own hair out, treat yourself to a proffesional one!
5	The salon at Lifetime Fitness is awesome! I didn't even know it was there until a friend recommended it. You don't even need to be a member however they will give you a day pass to use in the Fitness center before or after your salon experience. The salon is super clean and the staff is friendly. Carie has been my stylist for my last 3 appointments. I highly recommend her. She did an amazing job with my hair (cut, color and style)
5	The Best 24 Hour Gym around! You get what you pay for...Clean & 24 Hours. I go late at night and like that there are very few people there. My other gym is called 24 Hour, but seems to be only 18 Hour. Locker Rooms are huge & well maintained. Spa & Sauna are Awesome!
5	Best gym I've ever been to. Have stuck with it for about 3 years, which is saying a lot. Love my trainer, Katrina, too.The building is always clean and well-kept, even the locker rooms, which never have that gross B.O. smell like other places. The heated pools are never nasty.Sometimes things break down, but that's because it's a big building with a lot of equipment. They seem to do their very best to make repairs quickly. I also enjoy the staff, and I approve of the fact that they've hired a couple of young developmentally disabled men who are hard workers and interact well with people. I was concerned this gym might be too kid-centric for me, because I don't have kids, but the children have their own areas and don't get in the way. Even in the pool, they don't cause a distraction. It's great that the folks with kids can use child care while they work out, and they often have "parents' night out" where you can drop off the kids on a Friday or Saturday and go for date night. I think that's terrific.It is a little pricier than other gyms in the area, but I think you get more for the money and a better quality of staff and facilities.
4	Just joined but amazing so far!  Enormous and always feels uncrossed. Wish the men's locker-room had toiletries and personalized/private lockers but apart from that the place is very friendly, clean, and well organized.
4	Love it!  Love it!  Love it!  I have been to most gyms in the Phoenix area (and Boston, for that matter), and Lifetime is definitely at the top.  I just convinced most of my family to join.  Has everything you need and then some!Update:  While I still love this place, the maintenance is quite lacking.  Pieces of equipment will be broken for over a month or more before they are fixed.  I am pretty diligent about reporting equipment that needs to be repaired/maintained, but apparently the staff at Lifetime is not so diligent about getting things fixed.  Very unfortunate, especially for a fitness center of this caliber and at the cost of the memberships.
5	I just joined this gym and I'm literally in love with this gym. I've been to others in the valley (24 hour fitness, LA fitness and The Village) but this gym is the best one.  The classes are amazing (that's the most important thing to me), there's one instructor, James that really knows what he's doing. I highly recommend any class he teaches, (I hate to over use this word but) he's amazing! The facilities are great and the locker room is well kept and always clean. They offer a one day pass and have frequent open houses, I suggest giving it a try!
5	The best gym in America, regardless of the location. So massive there's never a wait for any equipment. First-rate services - salon, cafe, pool, tennis, squash, yoga, weights, cardio, everything. 24 hours. It's amazing.
5	Great, clean, and convenient gym. No meatheads occupying all of the equipment, just families and normal people. With your membership all of the classes are free and the yoga is awesome. Totally worth it.
5	I love this gym been a member since 2007.
4	Lifetime Fitness is an awesome gym. I've been a member since 2005. They have everything there (tennis courts, indoor/outdoor pool, cafe, classes, etc.).The classes are awesome and they have many different options depending on your fitness level. If you want a great workout take James' classes. He's awesome!The only (and there's only one!) complaint I would have which makes me not give this gym 5 stars is the cleanliness in the gym classes. I don't know how often they sweep/mop but there are always (yes, always!) pieces of hair laying on the wooden gym floors. It is pretty gross! There are so many people in those classes everyday I think they need to have someone sweep EVERY day.Other than the dirty floors in the gym classes this is a GREAT gym and I'd definitely recommend it. It's worth the $50+ a month if you like being active and staying in shape.-Also, Lawrence Schlett is an amazing trainer there too.
5	Best gym ever. They have so much here its crazy. If you want a gym that more than just a "gym" come here. I have been with my personal trainer Max for a year and love it. I would highly recommend to anyone.
5	I really love lifetime fitness. I have gone to my fair share of gyms. I wont lie, most of them ended up just randomly shutting down because they couldn't pay their bills! I am pretty cheap so I was leery about spending the money but my fiance assured me it was worth it. He was so right! I love this gym! I love the classes, they have like three spin classes a day which is nice. Everything is clean, everyone is so helpful and I never have to worry about it shutting down overnight.
1	Really like the gym most of the time,  except for the Kid's Club.  If you have kids younger than school age,  this gym is not for you.  They have a time limit... which they don't bother to mention prior to getting you to join.  Then if you "go over" 3 times,  your membership is suspended.   I have not even been able to go over to the weight lifting section of the gym after 3 weeks of membership - thanks to the kids club.   Also, have to leave classes early which is disruptive i.e. in yoga..... again.. thanks to kids club.  The girls who work there are snotty and make snide remarks if you are even a couple of minutes late.    I have written a letter to "corporate", but I am told that I will never get a response.   So.... once again... as a single working mother with child... I feel that I am paying more than the average person to work out there.. plus I am not able to work out as long as other people who pay less.   Completely frustrating.   I signed up for 800.00 worth of Summer Kids Camps...which I have subsequently withdrawn from due to the bad attitude of the Kid's Club employees.   So.. if you don't have kids... the gym would be great.
5	This gym is like visiting a  mini-resort, everything from the workout area to the locker rooms, the fabulous indoor & outdoor pools are top notch. I love everyone that works here. Their friendly, know you by name and work hard at keeping the gym clean, stocked and inviting. I don't take advantage of the pool often enough, but it's great for people with children, great family atmosphere. I do take advantage of the challenging group fitness classes and feel they do their best to have classes at every level.They also offer tennis, basketball, racquet ball and a climbing wall.
5	I love this gym- No pressure sales. Money-back guarantee and great facilities. It's a little gimmicky with the spa and cafe and LTBucks but over all a good space with nice clean, functioning equipment. Shane helped me sign up and he really took care of me without the sales guy feel. If your thinking of signing up you should go talk to him- he;ll hook you up and show you around without any pressure. Very straightforward. I'll update more as I use my membership.
2	Not a lifters gym, more the country club.. I would think they would have clean towels when you pay the extra money every month..
5	Dear Lifetime Fitness... please come to the SF Bay Area.  I cannot say enough about how much I loved you guys.  You make me love to work-out and be consistent in getting to the gym.My biggest rave is about your childcare.  You offer an infant area when so many other clubs require the child to be a certain age.  You were my son's first experience with child care and he really loved it.  He'd get excited and start kicking his legs when we walked through your child center doors.  You started us off well. (Members gets 2 free hours of child care everyday while they are working out, eating or visiting Lifetime's salon/spa.  And the center is really fun and extremely secure.)You also has great classes, an amazing huge gym, giant indoor and outdoor slides (complete with cool slides) and an awesome friendly staff and customer service.  I felt like a valued client.  Everywhere you go, people are genuinely smiling, happy and asking you how you are.  My favorite nights were when the men in suits were in the back, helping the house keeping catch-up with fold towels.  Everyone would still be joking and having fun.  That kind of environment makes me smile and be in a good mood.Thank-you... and please come to Sunnyvale, CA.Love,Susan (and little Ian)~PS Your child care workers were great!  And I love how you kinda rotate people thru the gym.  I get to know more people and I bet that keeps them from getting bored.See ya there!
5	This gym may spoil you for all the other fitness chains in the valley. I have to say I love this place and I don't say that often. Let me count the ways: Towel service. Clubs for jogging, cycling, tennis, probably some others I didn't even get into. Plenty of machines. TV's that aren't ALL tuned to ESPN. Wireless cafe. My point is they go out of their way to make you feel like you're part of a community. It's expensive, but you get so much more with your money that it's worth upgrading. It's only about half what you'd pay for cable and way healthier. I know others have said that it feels more like a spa or a country club. I agree. I could easily see myself just hanging out here in between workouts, getting a snack, and then going for a swim or yoga class or hey a haircut if you feel like it. I never used a sauna or steam bath before visiting this gym, but I fell in love with using them here. Then I saw the same amenities at other gyms and found out that the ones at LT are much nicer. The worst thing they did was double book me for a training appointment and then the trainer never called back to reschedule after taking my number and promising a callback time. Not pleased about that but nobody's perfect (although I'm pretty sure that if I was an attractive lady I would have gotten a call back, judging from the customers that this particular trainer did manage to find time for). The only reason I would look anywhere else is how far south this location is. Traversing from central Phoenix after work requires at least 3 merges onto rush hour traffic. The way people drive here makes this a very risky proposition to life, limb, and vehicle. Maybe once I get a monster truck I can finally fit in with the cool kids of Tempe and get some respect on the roads. Until then I'm going to have to find a gym closer to me, or else a job closer to this gym. For those who don't have near death experiences in traffic though, I don't think you can do better than this place.
5	Working out early morning or late nights is the best here. Yeah mid day is crowded with all the classes and trainers out, but thats the beauty of 24/7. Go here almost everyday. Nice, clean, quiet, and the salesmen leave you the hell alone.
5	We joined Lifetime for the indoor and outdoor pools.  Yes, that equals year around pool access.  And we seem to be remaining members because they have parents' night out, which is four hours of babysitting on periodic Saturday nights for a cool $15.  And there are also the kids camps when my daughter's school has a holiday.  We tried the swim lessons, but the instruction was lacking.  As far as exercising there, my wife worked out there at one point and enjoyed the Zumba class.  Now there's even a Zumba class for kids.  And there's the prospect that she will work out there again one day, but it looks doubtful as she keeps adding flamenco dance classes to her schedule.  Recently, she is up to three flamenco's a week.  I'm about to get back into my work out routine.  No, seriously, stop laughing.  The cafe is great, and the spa looks really nice.  The spa worked really well for me when I needed to pick up a last minute valentine's gift, I mean, gift card.  Thanks, LT.
4	Everyone at work always used to rave about Lifetime and my natural rebellious spirit always wanted to hate it because it seemed so trendy. After some prodding from a persistent co-worker and several unwanted pounds packed on, I thought, what the heck, why not?I went on one of her guest passes and when I saw the over sized pool and salon on my walk in, I assumed my suspicions were true about the trendiness and figured it'd be full of barbie and ken dolls like most gyms I have been to in the past. To my surprise, there were people of all shapes and sizes. As she showed me around, I didn't notice anyone eyeing me and sizing me up, which is something that drives me nuts about gyms, or rather the people at gyms. I used the full two week pass to attend several of the group classes they have including core and Pilates and I really enjoyed the classes and instructors. No matter what time I went, there were always cardio machines available because they have a ton. Total surprise since I have always had to wait at the 5 o'clock "rush hour" at other gyms.I decided to look into the membership which is $50 a month. It is more expensive than other memberships and you can't just go to all of the other locations, but those are two thing I'm ok with sacrificing. I really enjoy working out here and actually feel comfortable, which is really important to me. I still really enjoy the classes and haven't had to wait for a machine yet. I also frequent the cafe they have downstairs and love it! The food is really good, all of the nutrition facts are right there on the menu board and they have daily specials, so it's affordable. A few things I didn't love that were pretty gym standard in my experience include the free meeting with a personal trainer where they spend the time trying to get you to sign up for personal training and invest in an expensive heart monitor and testing. These things always make me feel super uncomfortable. I'm also not totally in love with the staff members I've encountered. Most are nice, but I feel like they are a bit snotty at the check in counter at times. And of course, the super cheap advertised start up fees had small print and were more than I expected.  All in all though, I'm really pleased with my choice to join this gym. I guess you can just call me one of the trendy kids now. ;)
5	NOTE: This review is for the workout areas and smoothie bar only. I haven't had a chance to take advantage of the spa yet.This gym is remarkable. I've belonged to incredibly nice gyms before, including a country club, and this gym easily compares in quality.The employees are generally very nice, though many of them have sales in mind. They seem very genuine, but are pushy nevertheless. If you're comfortable with saying no and walking away, this is a non-issue.The smoothie bar is a bit pricey for the size and quality of the smoothies. I tried one of their smoothies and it was... ok, at best. The whey protein was extremely noticeable and almost grainy. The smoothie tasted under-mixed, and the staff behind the counter seemed agitated.The workout floor is absolutely massive. It seems like an excessive number of machines, frankly, but I really can't complain about that. I have almost my choice of any machine in the joint considering it's 24 hour and I go late in the evening.I still need to try out their classes and spa, but from what little I've experienced in my week of membership, the $50/month price tag is MORE than worth the facilities. They are always clean and always open.BOTTOM LINE: The price is worth what you get in return.
5	Let me just start by saying WOW I love this gym, I am so glad I switched over from LA Fitness well worth the money. The people here are super nice and don't make you feel pressured into signing up for anything. When we signed up they gave us 200LT bucks which you can use towards a personal trainer(overall about 4, 1hr sessions) or other things, I scheduled my personal training with Mike Rodgers and he is great. He is able to help push me but not too hard where I start to hate working out lol. I love the fact that this club is 24hrs whether its the pool, the sauna, the weights, cardio machines anything its all open and available to be used. This facility is HUGE if you come during the day the parking lot looks like its going to be packed but when you get in there it looks almost half empty you never have to wait to use anything. Overall I am really happy I made the switch it has made such a difference in my motivation to work out.
4	My 4 yo son was invited here for a 2 hour birthday party in April.  In the gym, with a loud zumba class behind the curtain, the kids were put on connecting scooters and slid from side to side by one of the party coordinators, then played parachute, then hula hoops or a soccer ball.  It was like exercise disguised as a party!  But my son had a smile on the whole time because he was with his friends and he loved every minute of it!  It looked like the guests of honor were having fun, too.  The parents sat on the side on benches and watched.  After the playing was over, we were led upstairs to a meeting room for pizza (NYPD) and cake.  Again the parents sat on the side, watching the kids eat and laugh.  Behind us a window looking down into their indoor pool complete with water slides and a fountain.  All in all, it was very organized and the atmosphere was fun and boisterous.  I'd recommend this place for a kid's birthday party or for joining membership since I saw they have computers for kids in the kid area while parents go work out.  It's a huge place!
4	Great Facility.
5	So much more than a gym!When my sister or brother visits from NJ they are SO envious of my LTF membership!  "it's like a country club!" they say...Anyway, I joined in 2005 when I was pregnant with my second child and I've been a happy customer ever since.My kids (now 6 and 10) don't want to go to the Child Center anymore, but I can't complain--they went for 6 years and it gave mommy a much needed break several times a week!Thank you Lifetime Fitness for a great facility.
5	Wow sign me up! If only I lived in Tempe and could pay just $50 for such a great facility. Here in San Fran the only thing that compares is the Bay Club and it's monthly dues are about $125! If I ever leave here I hope to find a Life Time Fitness close by. I found the facilities to be very clean. Love the indoor pools and the outdoor pools. It is a great place to beat the heat in Tempe for sure.
5	Big fan of this gym. I love it! Very clean!
5	This facility is a no brainer if your close enough to one! I've done other gyms but this is the best. Always clean, always equipment available. Plenty of yoga and fitness classes of all types. They have the best tennis courts in the area with lessons, competitions, and ball machines as well as multiple pools inside and out, dry and steam saunas, fresh towel service, subscription to Experience Life magazine which happens to be the best fitness and healthy lifestyle magazine I' can remember reading. They should call it Lifetime Fitness & Resort. I'm very happy to pay the extra .50/day or so above other gyms!
4	This is my gym.  It's expensive as hell, but worth it.  The workout and water facilities are top notch and they have several of everything, so there really isn't any wait, but what REALLY sets Lifetime apart in my book is the locker rooms. Their locker rooms are fabulous and second to none.  They offer free, clean towels as you walk in and the locker rooms have numerous changing bays (and some private changing cubbies) with polished granite, stainless steel, stained wood surfaces everywhere.  All the lockers have built in locks, that lock with your membership card.  Although I'll add that I am apparently too retarded to understand *exactly* how to make the lock work with my membership card.They also offer a side lounge with a flat panel tv and leather couches.  There is a separate room with all the toilet stalls, and for reasons I won't spell out here, the door between the locker room area and the toilets is a good thing.  Plus there are generously sized showers with self-serve, wall mounted body soap/shampoo, a wonderful, mentholated steam room, a digital scale and even a swimsuit water spinner.  There is even tanning bed access, if you're into that kind of thing.I can't speak any more highly of the locker rooms at Lifetime, the only other gym that comes close is Mountainside, but they don't compare when it comes to other gym amenities.
5	THe best gym I have ever had a membership to!! They are so clean, and I feel very comfortable working out. The number of classes they offer are insane!! The locker rooms are fantastic.
5	Hands down, the best gym we've belonged to.  From rock climbing to indoor or outdoor swimming, water slides for the kids, both indoors and out...a resort-like atmosphere at the outdoor pool during the summer.  Wet and dry saunas, basketball, squash, tennis...this place really has it all.Have never even come close to having to wait for a piece of cardio equipment.  A fairly large free-weight area, decent sized machine area keep wait times to a minimum as well.Typically this place is pretty clean and neat.  As with any public gym though, there are individuals who don't follow basic cleanliness etiquette, but the staff here does a fairly good job of keeping that at bay.I've heard others complaining about the price, but I have been a member of many, many gyms in the past, this place is definitely worth the cost.
2	I hate to do this as I have been a gold level member here since 2006 and typically I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  Had tonight been my first visit to this gym though, it likely could have been the last.Taking into consideration that there is some major construction going on here, so much so that they plan to shut the doors for spring break, with nothing to offer for consolation...but that's beside the point, not the reason I felt the need to write a review tonight.  I go to the gym late typically, to avoid the prime time crowds, so by the time I get there happy hour is long past.  Tonight was no different, as far as the crowd.  What was different were the dirty towels...EVERYWHERE!  I went to three different lockers to find one that was empty, there were dirty towels in the lockers, all over the locker room, out around the pool area, in and around the dry sauna...literally everywhere.  I hate to bitch about this too much because it's not the staff who leaves towels all over the place, if people would have just a little bit of courtesy to clean up after their own selves, this wouldn't be an issue.  But I pay for a membership and expect the place to be kept clean.  Beyond the towels and the general messiness of the gym tonight, there was no soap in any of the dispensers...that is just unsanitary and unsatisfactory. Oh yeah, and a staff hanging out in the locker room by the big screen just watching tv.  I saw him hanging out there on my way in though, if I had seen him on the way out I probably would have told him to get to work.I understand and appreciate the fact that there are improvements underway at the gym, and that some of the amenities may be limited or not available for a while, but that's no excuse to let the place get all dirty and leave old dirty towels all over the place.  I was very disappointed tonight.
5	Absolutely love this place. Great group workout sessions, humongous pool, 6 tennis courts, and a yummy smoothie bar. Not to mention the sauna and steam room.
5	Great place not just to workout but to hangout with the family on the weekend! They just did a renevation to the upstairs level. Upgrade the Spa as well! Staff is very friendly and the personal trainers know their stuff! But you have to come in a check it out yourself :-)
1	Lifetime sells the spa as an incentive to the gym, along with the kids play area. The customer service at the spa was horrendous today. Jilian at lifetime spa has hands down worst customer service I have experienced in a long time.  Canceling appt, eye rolling, deep breathing to convey her frustrations. Don't work with ppl if you do not like the public.
4	This location is not quite as swank as the one in North Scottsdale, but still offers a lot for the considerable monthly fee. Plenty of equipment in good repair, clean showers and locker rooms, a great kid's area, and pool areas (indoor and out) that would be at home in a vacation resort. I've been with Lifetime a year and I still think it's worth it.
4	My weekday swim hangout.  Big, clean, and kid friendly.  The year round heated pool got me here.  Understandable, it was trimmed back a few months.  It's still great.
1	Beware of this gym!!! I put my membership on hold because of an injury and they said I still owe them money. I finally said OK and went into pay and canceled my account. I received an email for another bill that was still owe. They told me I didn't sign something. I said the employee never ask me to sign something. Oh well they are very unwilling to work with someone and are very RUDE!!!! I will tell as many people as I know to never use Lifetime because there service lacks any kind of common sense.
1	This gym has yet to return my call after charging me when I was not even using the gym. They have very poor service. Please stop ripping people off.
5	Woohoo, As good as it gets is definitely what you get here. You get what you paid for and boy, do you get what you paid for! This gym is very addicting and if you go here a lot, you can justify the 65$ membership.Gym Overall gets a 5/5 Rating in my opinion.Customer Service can non consistent but 98% of the time, its all nice and great people. Not enough to take off a star. When there is a problem, it gets corrected.Their trainers are excellent, I highly recommend them. They charge 75$ an hour but they have specials many times, like 3 sessions for $99.Membership is $56-$65, activation fees are $20-$99.Good nice new equipment, nice pools, slides and tv, many good services and classes.LifeCafe offers amazing food although very very expensive. I recommend u just take protein shakes instead of eating here.LifeSpa is okay, I would give them a B. They are on the more expensive side though...if I do have an complaint, it's their HORRIFICLY slow website. It's very pretty but it is VERY slow sometimes, please Lifetime Corporate, do something to help your servers load pages more. Even employees at the Gym know its slow and they end up waiting for the corporate website to load. It's very frustrating. For customers who don't use their website, you got nothing to worry about.
5	From May till August 2013 I was a guest in Tempe with my family and because my son was already a member of Lifetime I became also a member. Now I am back in Holland for a short while it is the biggest thing I miss here. What a great place is that to sport and to relax. 5 times a week I was there from half past seven till half past twelve and everything was always ok. Especially  Rachel was with distance the best group trainer and with her it was always completely full in the workout class. I am so happy to come back in October next, because for me it was hunderd percent wellness !
1	I tried it for a few days and decided the high cost wasn't worth it to me.  I cancelled my membership after 5 days, well within the 7 day window.  Not only was I still charged for the initial month, but also the following month, as well.  Calls to the club gave no results, so now I have to drive there and resolve this in person.  Horrible and non caring "customer service".  If you change your mind about lifetime, good luck getting them to stop auto charging your credit card.
3	Let this be prefaced with the fact that I don't like gums.  In any way shape or form.  This doesn't mean I don't like working out, I just don't much care for gyms.  I was hoping this one would be better as it looks fancy-ish and has a nice pool with water slides but when I took a tour of it, the fancy-ish part manifested itself as a car dealership.  Really.  Go take a tour and I dare to to tell me it doesn't remind you of buying a car.  Also, when the guy took us around on a tour, he was saying something about their ventilation and how it sucks all the bad smells out so it doesn't smell like a gym.  Well, I think he may have just gotten used to the gym smell because it stunk.  I will stick to my non-gym workouts.
4	I have been a lifetime member for years now and I know what to expect from lifetime... that would be excellence in a gym.  The gym has everything you need, pool, fitness classes, plenty of machines and a weight area.  The location is clean and is located close to the freeway.  The only downfall to lifetime is the amount of members.  There are sometimes too many people there to feel comfortable when working out.
1	Horrible experience!!! For the past 20yrs, I've always belonged to a gym. This was the worst, ever! I started by signing up with a personal trainer (he was awesome) however, I ended up having major hand surgery on both hands and was unable to finish my last 4 sessions. After many attempts to speak to someone and I'm talking weeks for someone to get back with me. LTF refused to reimburse me for he last 4 sessions! I also feel like $120 a month for a single person is way over the limit, especially for a gym that has out dated equipment. I belonged to Lowes YMCA ($65 a month) and that gym makes LTF look like a dump!
4	I have to update my review. I have been here 6 months and my complaint is with the CONSTANT up selling. Buy these $76 worth of vitamins because nothing else on the face of the planet will work, pay for this testing at $100 plus this equipment you need for $75 but next time it's only $99!! Buy this watch that is vital to your survival only $249! Which you can find on amazon for $100 less. Let me work out and stop selling me crap! Took my boyfriend and his son to the pool, was told I brought my bf 5 months earlier and he couldn't come in more than one time in a 6 month period. My "rules" didn't allow it. No one ever explained that before. I asked what membership I needed to get him in so I could change it and she said she didn't know, just not mine. I asked for a 2 week pass for him to try the gym and was told no. Been trying to get him to join but after that fiasco he would rather spend the $10 a month at planet fitness with no pressure, no up selling and no snooty teenagers denying him access. I get the terms but they were never explained, were not clarified and we felt like criminals coming in to enjoy the pool with our kids. That left a horrible taste in his mouth and he hates the gym now. I like it but not sure it's worth it anymore. I'm on my third trainer who is good but again I feel like I'm always being told to buy stuff. Now paying $250 a month for training, $75 for my monthly membership and, just had to buy a $150 heart rate monitor an the $100 AMA testing which again is vital to my survival Apparantly. We will see. Sad I had to take away a star though. And ps $3 for a 1 liter of vitamin water is too much :( I'm not even sure where to begin with this place. I literally spent 7 months deciding if I wanted to join or not. I was too intimidated to go in the gym and check it out but I was fed up with my body and I really dislike Gold's gym so I e-mailed them for the 5th time, said screw it and signed up on-line. So the first time I went in I was green and had no idea what to do. The staff was EXTREMELY friendly, took me on a tour of the whole place, set me up with guest passes that I asked for and gave me free lunch. The gist of it is, I pay $75 a month for myself and my 5 year old. This covers 2 hours of childcare 7 days a week if I want it. For $10 a month that's MORE than worth it. Their kid's center has a TV, infant area, inside gym, computer center, toys galore outside play area and is always more than amply staffed. They also have events included in your membership like rock climbing wall, kids gym, and yoga. You can also sign up for "parent's night out" for 4 hours its $15 and your kid plays, gets pizza and other stuff (not sure on details I haven't done it yet)Moving on, I signed up and had $200 LT bucks. I took my HealthScore and met with Corey Goldstein who has been absolutely PHENOMENAL. He didn't laugh when I told him my goal and I paid for a session with him with my LT bucks and he kicked my weak little but in shape. He is phenomenal. He is the manager though so he can't train people. I was somehow talked into doing training ($69-$75 an hour) but I'm a broke ass and only signed up for 2/month. I was originally set up with someone and it wasn't working for me so I was immediately switched to someone else who has been phenomenal! I train with Jacob now and he created a weekly plan for me too when we don't train together. Some of the amenities:basketball courtawesome lockersshowersscented steam roomindoor and outdoor pools, kiddie splash area, designated family time.hot tubssalon (never used it) yogapilatesweekly classes (tons)weight management programs (extra cost)metabolic testingcaferock climbing wallsquash courtstennis courtsnutrition counselingnewslettergreat website with lots of free resourcesrunning traininglots more I can't remember. Anyway I love it! I couldn't be happier.
4	Minus being way too pricey for a college student this facility is amazing. I have never had to wait for equipment or towels like the other competitors out there.
5	I've been a member of Bally's, LA Fitness, 24 hour Fitness, The Q, and Mountainside Fitness and Lifetime is head and shoulders above those gyms in every way.  The service, equipment, and amenities are far superior.
5	I have no complaints about this gym. It's clean, everyone is extremely friendly, my kids love it, and it's close to home. They have everything for everyone in your family! It's like a resort!!! The kids center staff is amazing!! My kids love going there which makes it easier for me to go as well! There are always machines available, enough weights to go around, and plenty of staff around to answer any questions. I was hesitant prior to joining because it looks so intimidating, but it's the best decision I've made in a long time!!! Worth every cent that I pay! I love it
3	Lifetime has been my home gym since 2007 when I began working as a front desk team member. Through many break ups & reconciliations, our relationship has somehow sustained. I love lifetime, but with many pros come a few cons to be aware of. I love the variety of classes, shout out to Cynthia's yoga (she's the best they have)! I love the sea of cardio machines, as long as I remember not to go between 3:30-7pm during the week. I love the outdoor pool (when it's actually open). I love the food they offer, until I realize that just because it's a gym doesn't mean their pizza is automatically healthy. I love that the trainers will set up your heart rate monitor after you were up-charged (my bad, should have searched on amazon before purchasing). I appreciate the ability to pay $10 to put my membership on hold, but only if I give them a full month's notice before the billing cycle. I love that I can watch my favorite show as I drown on the StairMaster, but that only works if all the TVs are actually turned on. Love the front desk people who pronounce my name right and always laugh at my picture, really annoyed management won't change my last name after showing them proof of our marriage. I know when kids become a part of our life, we will be extremely thankful for all the events & activities Lifetime offers. This is a GREAT family gym. Read over your contract to avoid future headaches and plan your workouts accordingly, doing so will help you enjoy this gym to it's full potential!
2	I was really excited about finding a gym that also offered a complete health and weight loss program. But so far I have been extremely disappointed with it. Everything that you get for free with your "LT Bucks" turned into an hour of wasted time for me. No real information or counseling provided, just a sales pitch to try and get you to sign up for some weekly meeting with the trainer or nutritionist that is going to cost you 100 bucks an hour. And they really put the pressure on to try and convince you that you need all these tests - metabolic rate, food allergies, cortisol levels. And each one costs hundreds of dollars. Their strategy should be to educate those of us who generally want to learn about how to have a healthier lifestyle. Then we'd be even more loyal to Lifetime and they'd make their money back tenfold over time from the $55 monthly membership fee. And only push the extras if it is genuinely needed for that individual. Instead they all just seem like used car salesmen and it almost turned me off from the whole place.For now I am just trying to push all that noise aside and focus on just the gym, which is actually pretty nice. They have a wide variety of equipment and there is never any wait. My biggest complaint is that their group fitness classes are insanely crowded. I actually saw one girl get knocked to the ground in Zumba class last week because it was just too packed in there. Seriously!
1	I signed up for this gym over a year ago on a month by month basis.  The gym and staff are great.  however, upon losing my job, i was told i need to send a letter asking for cancellation.   I sent the letter and it appeared the matter was over.  They have continued to bill me $149/month for over a year now.  they send me to their collections department when i don't pay.  Each person i talk to on the phone says i need to mail a letter or they cant cancel.  they also say that they need 30 days notice to cancel.  This is a scam to keep you going from month to month and to keep taking your money.   In total they have stolen $1500 from me and my family.  I have contacted corporate and they say they have done nothing wrong and can't help.  "the money is for access to they gym, it doesn't matter that you haven't been to the gym in over a year.  If you go here, make sure you cancel in person and get something signed and dated from a manager.
4	This gym has just about anything you can ask for from a gym. Great group fitness classes, amazing childcare, a rock wall, squash courts, indoor and outdoor pools, a cafe, a spa, water slides, tennis.... The staff is super friendly. The locker room is fairly clean. There are a few things that need improvement. This gym is expensive, so I expect the best. 1. There should be TVs on the cardio machines. Even the cheap gyms have that. 2. The actual gym could be cleaner.
5	Bart is the man!!! We were in town for 3 weeks only and needed a place to workout. I spoke with Bart on the phone and he said just come in and he gave us free passes for 3 weeks!!! He was super nice and treated us as if we were paying customers. This gym is amazing. The biggest and nicest one I have ever been too. It is highly recommended and ask to speak with Bart.
1	The GM at the Tempe location is absolutely horrible and has no clue what he's doing.. He's a baffoon and was supposed to be fired a long time ago
3	My time at life time fitness was interesting to say the least . my salesman didn't recognize me 10 minutes after I signed up OK I get that I was asked to join a 90 day challenge $25 sign up my coach would contact me for the program. I never heard from her I approached her ask when does it start she had no idea who I was or what I was talking about 2 days later. So I went to nutrition program trying to get the best out of my workouts $225.00 what I got was a sale's pitch for their products no advice a funky test and they wanted to make an appointment for later for $99.00 really. But it's a noisy place more like a shipyard than a gym to many sitting on machines texting for 30 minutes plus this place is not for really working out more socializing. If it wasn't for the outstanding yoga classes and instructors. There would be no point at all. Needless to say I'm out.
3	decided i'm cancelling my membership. after my trainer kept telling me I was getting too big, not losing weight and looking fatter and fatter I decided I was done with the place. cancelled my training with him, still had eft taken out of my account the following 2 months. over it.
5	Everyone in here is so nice! Always getting greeted and get my goodbye's when I'm leaving out the door. The gym is really clean and always up to par, I couldn't have asked for a better gym with a better atmosphere. My favorite part about the gym is their hours and how many machines there are available. I would highly recommend this gym to anyone!
1	What a disappointment! Ones you sing up there you will never be able to cancel your membership. They play this game between managers and associates and keep charging you. Overcrowded to enjoy workout and with every year goes down. Managers never return your calls and you are trapped in a vicious sickle. There are other clubs that are way better to accommodate you without the hustle.
3	Have a love/hate relationship with this place. Was very excited about this place when I first moved here from NYC, and it does look very nice and have a lot of areas for any sort of work out you'd like, but not crazy about the policies, price hikes, and how they tend to cut corners to save a buck whenever possible. Great outdoor pools, relatively newer machines (without TVs on them-kind of surprising), many squash courts (call in advance), a rock climbing wall I've never used, and my wife loves the cardio and yoga classes. There also seems to be a thriving social scene with get togethers, bike groups, run groups, etc.The best thing about this gym is that you can drop your kids off in the care center for 2 hours to work out. My wife loves this feature even more. It's too bad the very qualified workers there make close to minimum wage, seeing as hard as they work, and they still make these low wages despite recently increasing membership fees. They also recently tried to cut the daycare hours (from opening at 8AM to 8:30, and 2 hours of no coverage at noon) but got so much backlash they were forced to reconsider. There are other gyms in the area as well, including one called "the Village" opening soon, and it's surprising they tried to cut this corner, and saw they would have lost a very passionate, loyal, and dependent demographic.  The whole situation was kind of sleazy, and sort of reaffirmed my overall view of them as a pretty, but flawed company from the top down.Like most gyms, they get you pretty excited to sign up and start, then you realize the wifi doesn't really work, the only tvs you can use are up on the front of the giant cardio area (8 in all), and you need to have a radio tuner on your phone to listen to the audio feed. I'm pretty tech savvy, looked into this as much as I could, and still think using a radio in this manner is next to impossible on an iPhone. I've asked several staff members how to hook up the iPhone to radio feed, and they've all passed the buck and said "there's an easy way to do it, but I don't know it, ask ..., they know this more than I do." This was repeated by many staff members. I never figured it out and now I still listen to music intrinsic to my iPhone every time I work out. I'm convinced this, as well as poor wifi, is very avoidable, but corporate just wants to save a few more bucks, and it effects the experience.Took an intro class with a personal trainer. I'm pretty independent with my workouts, just wanted a few tips, but there weren't many useful tips, just trying to sell me on more sessions that would cost money. Again, just left a bad taste. I'd also never like to hear the term "My LT Bucks" again, its so obviously a scheme to give you a little of something you don't need for free, so that you have to spend 20x more to continue that service.When we started here the designation for Tempe was a "Bronze" gym, and we were told the one is Scottsdale is "Gold" and we can choose to upgrade to use that gym and gain some luxurious options. Recently they started charging more for the Tempe branch, designated it "Gold," but it seems exactly the same to me. Not sure why I'm paying more.Again love/hate, looks great, but very rotten policies. We really just stay because my wife loves the cardio classes, and it's nice to drop my toddler off during a workout. I anticipate changing gyms at some point with some policy change that is the last straw, but for now we'll keep ourselves a little under that line. Don't appreciate the trial and error approach to gradually cutting as much as possible, followed by undoing whatever change has caused too much financial backlash.
5	I had to cancel my membership after a sudden loss of income due to a suicide in the family.  I explained my delicate situation to the employee working the front desk (Brandon) and he was extremely sympathetic and kind about the whole thing; offering his condolences, and at no point pressuring me to keep my membership.Then I went to the aquatic center to also cancel our swim lessons for my daughter and the Aquatics Director, Drew, was understanding and kind about the whole thing as well.  He even offered to let me cancel our swim lessons effective immediately, so that I didn't have to pay for a new month's worth at the next billing cycle, but to allow my daughter to continue taking the classes through the remaining 3 weeks of my membership using the make-up classes that we had on our account.  That was definitely appreciated.Perhaps someday when my circumstances change I can return as a member again.
2	Apparently when you sign up on the lifetime family fitness website for a free pass, it gives their employees a "free pass" to call you and ail you everyday, harassing you to find time to get into their gym.After the second email in 24 hours asking that I come in the same day or next day, I replied firmly but matter-of-factly,  letting them know that we have busy schedules and that my husband and I are trying to figure out a day and time that we both could come in. They replied stating they understood and that it was fine and for ME to let THEM know when we decided when a good time to come in would be.That was a week ago, and my husband and I had decided that we would make the concerted effort to go in later this week. However, day after day they would call, not leaving any messages, and then would immediately email me after. We decided to move on. If they are THAT CONCERNED with getting people in the door, what are they over compensating for?I had to call and "cancel" our interest, and still got another phone call 20 minutes later about joining. UGH GO AWAY!
2	This gym is not worth what it chargesWe frequent this gym after hours to avoid the crowds. The staff has failed to answer questions often stating, "I don't know" in response to basic questions such as "Are you open on Holidays?""Do you have Wi-Fi"?Towels are rough, torn and stained. If you go to the gym at night, be prepared for the dump -- towels and trash litter the entire gym.Beware on the cardio machines, you have to tune into radio stations to listen. I asked staff about this and they said, you guessed it, "I don't know". Overhead, you have to hear the Lifetime sales pitch on the loud speakers while working out. Annoying.Do we have to resort to Walkmans? No televisions on the cardio equipment.The 90 day challenge is a joke. We met with a trainer and immediately found ourselves involved in a selling pitch for more workout sessions. We said we were not interested and we have never heard from the trainer since.We are canceling our membership, this gym fails to deliver quality.
5	I really like this gym. The staff is friendly, very clean and it has great amenities!Excellent class scheduleRock climbing wallDay spaSwimming pools with slides for kidsTowel serviceSteam saunaJust to name a fewBring your headset and some motivational music and you are on!
3	The sales pitch when you first sign up is pretty obnoxious, but I overlooked that after I started taking some classes. I've really enjoyed their barbell strength and yoga classes,  and as I used to work out in the middle of the day, they weren't too busy. I give this place 3 stars for a few reasons though, mostly kid-related. I have an infant and was excited to start my noon barbell strength class again on Tuesdays and Thursdays and make that time become my regular work out time for baby's sake.  However, there is no infant care from 12-4.  You also have to be on the ball about reserving space because they fill up quickly. Don't waste any money on swim lessons, they are horrible. In a three month period, my daughter had four instructors, and only one was decent.  There doesn't appear to be any set curriculum, just a few teenagers passing a kid through water for half an hour. I like to swim outdoors,  but was bummed to find out their pool isn't heated during the winter.  I get it, it's expensive. But for what I pay in membership fees,  I guess I expected the pool to be heated year-round. I didn't know to ask about this when I signed up. The facility is nice though, and they usually have enough towels. It's expensive,  so make sure you check out other gyms if money is an issue. I wish I had known about the limited childcare before I ponied up more money to add my daughter to my account. I got my membership here because it was close to my job,  but will be looking around at other gyms soon.
4	all is good
5	I love this gym. It is extremely clean and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable . Tons of cardio equipment as well as free weights. A huge selection of classes to choose from. My 10 year old takes swimming lessons there and loves it . My entire family is very happy there.
4	It's a great premium level fitness center/gym.  It's more than just a gym because it offers tennis courts, basketball courts, jacuzzi, indoor and outdoor swimming pools.  They even have fitness events you can join like their own triathlon.  I wish I could afford the monthly $55/mo.  What I did not like was that they raised the monthly rate with just an email notice.  I had to switch gyms due to that since I felt they should lower their price for loyalty.
3	Awesome gym. Great trainers and facilities. Would definitely recommend this place. More expensive than most gyms but you get what you pay for. If you can get past the lady at the front desk being rude, you're golden!!
3	Everything is usually great here, but for 56$ a month and all I really use is the elliptical machine and I could go anywhere and pAy less, yes the facility is very nice and staff but it's alwAys horribly HOT! Please turn your air on
5	First time here but was impressed with the cleanliness of it all. Staff was great and was not hassled at all. The fees are on par. I'm starting to realize everyone wants "free" in AZ and aren't ok with -$1 over that.
5	This gym has everything you could possibly need and more. Everything is clean and well maintained. The atmosphere is beautiful and the cafe has great food and priced affordable. The staff is friendly and very personable. Zumba classes are amazing with wonderful instructors!!!!
