1	Hahaha. This place is a joke. A "Irish" pub themed bar with way overpriced beer, girls in tiny outfits and cheesy 80's music playing in the background.  They don't have drink specials and the cheapest beer is $5 for a 20oz of Miller High Life or Bud Light. Lame. I think flirting with the creepy old dudes is in the waitresses job description. I honestly felt really bad for them. Oh and all of this while Wang Chung played in the background.  Bad. Bad. Bad.
3	I came here on a Friday night during peak hours--soon after they opened.  Needless to say, they were BUSY.  As a result, I've tried to give them some leeway in the service department.We waited 15 min for a table (not bad when you consider there wasn't a parking place to be had).  We sat down and were greeted promptly by our cute, but less-than-experienced waitress.  It quickly became apparent that she had never waited tables in her life.  She wasn't familiar with the menu and had to keep referring back to it.  I ordered a cocktail ("TK's Old Fashioned") and was asked if I wanted it in a 20oz size (she thought I was ordering a beer).  I politely informed her that 20 oz of whiskey was a bit much if I was going to drive home--let alone remain conscious--for the rest of the evening.The food was delicious (I had the Fish 'n Chips).  Pretty much what I'd expect for upper-end bar food.  The menu consists mostly of sandwiches, burgers... the usual American fast food cuisine.  The draft selection is pretty decent as well.  Unfortunately, we had to wait a little while for our food and drinks.  In the meantime, different servers kept walking by offering us other people's food.  It seemed to be very disorganized.  But like I said, they were VERY busy.Now let's be honest, the real draw for this place is the ridiculously skimpy outfits worn by the almost all-female staff.   These girls make Hooters look like a convent!  It would make a great lunch destination for when the guys go out at work.  If this location can work out their service issues and give their waitresses some better training, they'd be 4-star material in my book.
4	The nachos did not measure up. However I did send a link from my original review to TiltedKilt.com. I was very pleased to have them respond personally in a positive way. They said some things were a work in progress and they appreciated my input and would make improvements. I also mentioned expensive beer and they said as a new place they were in the process of having drink specials and pointed out that the glasses are bigger then most places. The premium beers were reasonably priced.I have now edited my review because I see they are trying to please and I'm happy try them again. Stars for the pretty girls alone.
1	Any place that claims to be an Irish Pub and serves instant mashed potatoes with their Shepherd's Pie should not be frequented.  I was very dissapointed in the service (we were there for almost and hour and I never got a refill) and the food was sorely lacking.  I could care less that the girls were barely dressed, for the price of the food and beer I was expecting much better food, but alas, it's just a Hooter's with less clothes and worse food. I was hoping this would be another great addition to the numerous Irish themed restaurants and bars but given the prices and the quality of the food, even though I work a stones throw away, I won't be going back.
1	I was there on a Friday for lunch with 4 friends from work. 2 of them were there already and were eating. Looking at what they had and what they left on their plates, they were not too enthused by the food. Anyway, my buddy and I both ordered Miller Lites and he ordered a fried chicken salad and I had the bacon-cheese burger which is one of the "specialties." Our bartender/waitress Nicole was great. She kept tabs on us and looked good in the tilted Kilt uniform, which is a lot more than I can say for most of the rest of the staff. My buddy gets his salad in about 5 minutes, and I am told that mine is "on the way." 25 minutes later, still no burger, and Nicole is obviously getting flustered. I see her talking with a manager, Ben, at the other end of the bar. 10 minutes later, I get my food. Average burger, a bit overdone, and decent fries. And, of course, they forget the ranch dressing on the side that I ordered. I eat about 3/4 of the burger and a few fries, and that's all of the grease that I can handle. I get the bill, and of course the bill has not been adjusted at all for the screw-up that caused me to wait a total of 35 minutes for a burger and fries. And, the manager seemed not to care in the least. I left no tip on the bill, but gave Nicole some cash, as this wasn't her fault. For any guys that want to ogle average to below-average waitresses in skimpy outfits, this is your place. Anyone else, eat somewhere else.
3	It's a sports bar.That pretty much sums it up. I had dinner there and ordered the "Gaelic Chicken" Two chicken breasts with a little onions and mushrooms on top, laid over a pile of mashed potatoes. It was mediocre. The chicken was a little tough on the outside and bit dry on the inside. In their defense I should have ordered something more sports barish like a burger, wrap, basket, or pizza. My wife had the fish and chips and said it was good. We also had the onion rings for an appetizer and they were great!The service was good  and the servers fun to look at.
3	Sports bar with a thousand TVs and girls wearing next to nothing. It's like Hooters, but a notch higher (lower?) on the clothing scale. I was surprised to see teenagers and younger being brought by with their parents. The waitstaff don't leave much to the imagination. I found it to be too obvious and rather distracting, but that's just me. The place is usually very packed, so others clearly have a different opinion.It's a well executed concept with decent bar food, I had a "Sloppy Jane" which is shaved rib eye, cole slaw and Swiss cheese served with a massive pile of salty spiced fries. While it certainly qualified on the "sloppy" scale, I'll try something else next time. I've heard that the burgers are all very good.Plenty of beer choices and of course a full bar of mixed drinks, the place gets very busy during major sporting events, though on this particular Saturday the college games and the NASCAR race were muted while the singer in the corner did his thing.Lots of tables as well as interesting "bar" areas where you have a hightop stool but you're sort of sharing the space with the guy across from you. If you're looking for a new sports bar hangout, this is absolutely the place to try!
4	Before even coming on here to review the Tilted Kilt, I knew it was going to have a lower review. Not because the food or service sucked, because it was actually good. Any place that has scantily clad women in it, serving beer and food, will have a bad review. If you go in there expecting fine dining, then you will be sadly disappointed. I'd put the food on par with Applebee's, maybe a little better. Even my wife, who even shutters at the mention of Hooters, enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere. We actually went here after competing at a Scottish games down the road, so we got a warm reception when we rolled up in our kilts. Prices were a little high, but honestly nothing more than what you would pay in Charleston for similar food. It's fun and gimmicky, take it for that and nothing more.
3	I'm really a fan of the Tilted Kilt.  I like that they are trying to be more than just another franchise sports bar.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating.  Food has been consistently good.The main draw for me is the beer selection.  The fact they one most arrogant bar in America was a great accomplishment and the party with Stone was great. I just wish they would put their beer lists on the menu and make sure the waitresses are *somewhat* knowledgeable about the beer selections.  This past weekend I went and the featured Great Lakes Brewery beers were described as "golden" and "dark".  I ordered the dark expecting the stout that was on the poster when I walked in but it was the amber ale instead.  A simple list of what is available would be great.
4	APPETIZERS:The garlic butter cheese fries were amazing, just like you might think, and probably terrible for your health.We had the nacho tortilla chips as an appetizer. It was HUGE, not so much a fan. Also tried the clams, which were surprisingly good considering this place is the Irish version of Hooters.ENTREES:$10 for corned beef and cabbage? Not bad at all! The cabbage was a little over buttered for my taste, but I thought the corned beef was well cooked, tender and very tasty. Tried the fish and chips, and it was not bad. I would stay away from the chicken in cream sauce... it is way too creamy. Everything is served in gigantic portions, make sure you save half for lunch!DESSERT:I got the Bailey's Cheesecake (would've preferred the original or Oreo), but it was still good.
2	I was really excited about my first trip to this Irish Pub themed restaurant. The service was good. My girlfriend and I and her sister  sat in the bar area, we were greeted sat down and ordered our drinks. Drinks came quickly and the beer selection is great. Now the bad news. We ordered clam strips and the garlic fries for appetizers. Both came out quickly but that was all that was good. The fries and strips were both greasy, I mean oil lining the bottom of the baskets. The fries were nothing special, seasoned with garlic salt and a sprinkle of parmesan  cheese. You could make better at home. I ordered  the sausage and mash with mustard maple vinaigrette. First of all what were they thinking with that dressing combo...The mashed potatoes were made from powder and the sausage was Italian.... Italian sausage in a "want to be Irish Pub" ???? My girlfriend and  her sister had the grilled chicken and vegetables...Neither ate all their meals and we took the remainder home for the pets. I will not be back. A nice bar but a very poor restaurant... and there are plenty of other bars to choose from.
3	This place is pretty good for a chain resteraunt. The food is good, and the selection of beers is okay, I hear that the owner has been listening to the advice of the Charlotte Beer Club and will be devoting more of thier taps to craft. Being a chain they obviously have to carry a few taps dedicated to BMC swill, but around half of thier 20 taps are decent craft beer.This place actually won Stone Brewing Companies "Most arrogant bar" contest for selling the most arrogant bastard/oaked arrogant bastard/double bastard during the one week contest period. I would definately reccomend this place Be careful though, the waitresses are a bit scantily clad (not that I mind)...the wife/kids may not appreciate the scenery as much as us men. kind of like a Hooters, but the girls are wearing kilts, plus the food is a little better than a Hooters. The downside is that I think they are a little pricey for the selection, and the lunch rush will leave you waiting for 20-30 minutes sometimes.
4	Tilted Kilt often gets compared to Hooter's, but that is an insult to the Tilted Kilt.  Like Hooter's, TK is a chain.  TK offers more of a Scottish publike atmosphere, and it is overall nicer than a Hooter's.  The waitresses wear plaid skirts and skimpy tops, but they are not that bad.  The food is leaps and bounds above Hooter's.  The food might be slightly pricier than other bars, but they  often have specials.  They have a good amount of local and craft beer on tap too., and a lot of it is often on special, so if you are a beer snob, there is something for you.  So, TK is like Hooter's - only a lot lot better and with better food.
4	I came to the Tilted Kilt so I could catch a college football game on a Saturday. When I came in I asked the waitress at the door on which TV the game I wanted to watch was playing on.  She wandered around the bar looking, but couldn't find it, but that is to be expected.  The waitresses here are not hired for their sports knowledge (at least in my opinion).   I found my game on at a TV in the bar area so I sat at the bar to watch the game.  The beer selection on tap was quite impressive.  I ordered an OMB Copper, great local beer!   For my next beer I tried their house beer, Tilted Kilt Lager.  An amber lager somewhat like the OMB Copper, it was pretty good too, but not quite as good as the OMB Copper.  I watched a little more football and at halftime tried to get the bartenders attention so I could order some food.  It took a while because she was chatting with the regulars.  I almost had to lean over the bar and flag her down.  I did get her attention though and ordered the Kilt Burner wings, whick is pound of wings with fries with their hotest sauce ($9.99 you can add an extra pound of wings for $5 more).  The had a Saturday special of just a pound of wings for $5.99, but I like to dip my fries in the wing sauce.  My food was delivered pretty quickly.  The wings were a good size and cooked just right.  The fries were crispy and hot, very good.  I didn't care for the hot sauce though.  It was a habenero based sauce rather than a Buffalo style sauce.  Either the bartender showed my some love or I lucked out because my wing order were all drums.  I wished I had asked the specials earlier, because they had 20oz Guinness for $4.  I ordered a Guinness next, have I mentioned that Guinness is the nectar of the gods!  And nothing is better after hot wings than a cold Guinness.  The game wrapped up and I got my tab.  I don't want to get the bartender in trouble, so I can't mention what she did, but the bartender definately showed me the love and I left her a good tip.  Before this I probably would have dinged her when I couldn't get a menu from here, but she made up for it.  The atmosphere is good and there are lots of TVs to catch the games on.  The beer selection is very good and food is OK too.  I would skip the Kilt Burner wings though, not because they are too hot (ther're not), but becauase I prefer the Buffalo style sauce over the habenero sauce.
4	Because of the beer specials and the great treatment by the bartender I came back here on Sunday to catch the NFL games.  I didn't bother asking the servers where my game was being played, but found it on my own.  On Sunday they have the TVs labeled with the games shown.  I sat down right in front of the TV showing the game I wanted to catch.  The bar was about 1/3 to 1/2 full.  I waited to get served, but the waitress in this area didn't stop by.  I waited for a couple of minutes when I saw the bartender from Saturday.  She was waiting tables today and came on over.  She remembered me from the previous day.  I ordered a Guinness, still only $4, and asked if they had the $5.99 wing deal again.  She said that was just on Saturday's, so I got the pound of wings with fries again.  This time I ordered Titled Wings instead of the Kilt Burners.  I double checked that these were more of a Buffalo style sauce rather than the habenero sauce.  My beer and wings came out quickly.  The Tilted Wings were more what I like.  They were cooked well and the fries were hot and crispy still.  Not the best wings I have ever had, but very high up the list.  The service was good, not hovering, but making sure I had what I needed.  This visit just reaffirmed that the Tilt Kilt is a good place to catch a game and have some good food.
4	Stopped into the Tilted Kilt to watch some college games and kill some time after dropping off the kids for Scarowinds. This was my first visit here so I didn't have any expectations. There were a large selection of beers on tap and plenty of TV's.  You didn't have to look far to catch a game that was of interest.  Saturday night had a pretty decent crowd. Ordered the wing special and it came out before I had gotten through the first draft.  Love the chunky blue cheese.  Wings were good and the waitress was engaging and attentive without hovering.  The managing partner was kind enough to stop by and ask how everything was and if I needed anything, even offered to change one of the TV's to any game I wanted to watch.  Overall it was a good experience and I would definitely go back again.
3	Visited here on Nov. 20 with the sole purpose of watching the Florida State-Maryland game that night. Lots of TVs, but when my friend and I -- seated at the bar -- asked if one of the TVs in front of us could be turned to the game, the male bartender told us he couldn't because someone had requested the Mississippi State game. We looked around and no one was paying attention to the TV. We just moved to another pair of stools closer to the Maryland game. Food was typical. Sliders basket was good, but the potato chips were even better. The 20-ounce TK Lager was OK, but I thought the Fat Tire beer I ordered afterward tasted better. Waitresses are dressed like scandalous Irish girls. Kind of like Hooters but without the good wings or burger specials.
2	been to tilted kilt twice but probably will never go back again even though i only live a mile away. the first time i went i actually did not know anything about it i just happend to be driving by and never been so i wanted to try it. so needless to say i was a bit surprised and happy when i saw the waitresses. but lets be real here. its no different then hooters, great atmosphere and crappy food. you are not going there for the sub par irish food. if your going for a beer with some of the guys then its a good place to go but the food is just not good and no where near fresh and authentic. the atmosphere is pretty good though. even though the girls are not half clothed i would much rather go to molly mcphersons, ri ra's or connolly's.
2	Went here with the CFD piping lot after the parade last year. Not impressed by scantily clad young women, but if that's your thing... this here is da place! The girls are very nice, the service was good, but as a middle-aged female, not my cuppa, dig? However, the Pipers...different story!!The Flying Saucer is a lot closer, not as extreme and has a better beer selection. The food at The Tilted Kilt was better. Your call.
4	We wanted somewhere to go on a Thursday night where we could eat, drink, talk and be entertained.  This was the perfect place.  We loved people watching.  It was ladies night so wine was $4 a glass (although don't expect good wine, they only had 3 choices).  I requested they basically combine a couple of items to create what I wanted to eat.  I didn't expect they would say yes, but they did it and it was good.  The waitress was attentive and pleasant.  This may become a regular Thursday night hangout.
4	I can't speak for what The Tilted Kilt is like in the evenings, but I've been there many times for lunch and seldom been disappointed. If you disregard this bar out of hand for their scantily-clad-waitress-Scottish-theme shtick, you're doing it a disservice. I've had their Shepherd's pie, which is very good if you're looking for a more substantial lunch, but I keep coming back to their Black and Blue burger- Simply a blackened patty with blue cheese. Their BBQ burger is also good. I can't put my finger on what it is, but I like me some Tilted Kilt burgers. There aren't any huge surprises here. Tilted Kilt is a chain, and primarily a bar, so there is going to be the usual bar fare with a Scottish twist. The service has always ranged from good to outstanding when I've gone. And on that note let me relate a story: My co-worker ordered a well done burger, and his arrived rare. He politely said, "I can't eat this." That is all he said. Not only did  the waitress apologize and replace his order, the manager came by the table and apologized, they comped his meal, asked if he wanted a beer (since they were buying!), and gave him a gift card to pay for his next visit. I've seldom seen this kind of customer service, and I was impressed.
4	Went back the other day the day before my birthday and it was better than usual.  They serve a lot of local beers for $3 an almost pint (they're only 14 ounces but still a good deal) - including Four Friends which is made right across the street.  How cool is that?They have this Heaven and Hell menu which changes up.  Half of it is good for you such as a black bean wrap and half of it is bad such as chicken fried chicken.  My wife had the bean wrap and liked it.  I had a burger which was very good.  Our waitress was also very nice.  Very down to earth, talkative (not in a flirty way) and helpful.  We were there a day before my b-day since they emailed me a coupon for a free Tilted Guilt dessert which was awesome.  I think this place has gotten a little better each of the four times I've gone and that's not even considering the waitstaff (although they seem to be more attractive too - even before I've had a couple of beers!).  They get a lot of props for supporting local and craft beers too.
4	Had dinner here for a Bachelor Party weekend.  Food was good and the service (for our group of 8 guys) was pretty good.  Usually I expect really slow/bad service for large groups but Chelsea took care of us and made sure to super embarrass our "bachelor" friend by making him dive into a martini glass for a cherry on the bottom of a mudslide mixture with lots of whipped cream.  I was really surprised by the Gaelic Chicken.  It put my two favorite things in the world to eat on the same plate:  alfredo/cream sauce and mashed potatoes.  Both heart-stoppingly good!  I think the alfredo cream sauce that I am thinking of is what they deem there Irish Whiskey cream sauce.Anyways... brews and drinks and good food.... we all left pretty stuffed and ready to attack the night!
4	Not sure what happened, but almost all of the local beers are gone except OMB Copper.  Yes they have the more popular crafts like Fat Tire and Sam Adams, but no more Four Friends or Skull Coast.  Comparably speaking, it's a pretty week selection now.  The food is still decent, and so is the view,  but bring back the local brew.  New happy hour (1/2 price apps) on Wednesday and Friday from 4-7 and ladies night Thursdays though.
4	Friendly staff, good drink specials, lots of TV's.
3	Went for lunch, it was sort of empty, and we went for food and the sound of the music system was blaring and somewhat disrupted what we were there to do, visit.  And I didn't care for the choice of music much either.  Obviously they have good beers and decent table service.  I liked the chicken strips in the salad, it was a little bit better than I expected since this doesn't look like a place that would be known for its food.   Prices were reasonable, parking good, a few adjustments and it make make a good business lunch spot-- doesn't appear that the other customers were the swinging single types (for lunch), some had kids.
4	It's a chain so the food and drinks are pretty standard.  Blonde is definitely a prevalent color here, and that never hurts.  Huge tv's all around are also a definite plus.  Do it.  You'll like it.
4	Since Raleigh will be getting its own Tilted Kilt in 2012, I decided while I was in the area I should check it out.Certainly an attention getting outfit for the waitresses!  Our server was attractive and pleasant.  Along with providing the daily specials, she gave a nice suggestion to me on a special "Farmer Ed's" (I think) Burger which included a fried egg on top, which is what I ordered. The burger came with fries and a pickle.  I ordered the burger well done, and I probably should have requested it medium well.  Thought the burger overshadowed the fried egg on top, but I liked the taste of the burger.Would have appreciated a bit more interaction from the server.  I am sure she was respecting that my friend and I were having a conversation, but they were not that busy and a bit more presence on her part would have been a good thing - especially since I mentioned this was our first visit and I wanted to see what the place was about.
3	Ok, I'm back after a long hiatus of basically forgetting to log into yelp.  My bad!Anyway, I think being a 30 year old woman disqualifies from writing a review about the Tilted Kilt but I will try anyway.  We recently bought a house VERY close to this establishment so like it or not I feel l will be frequenting it.  That said, I don't hate it nearly as much as I thought I would.It's basically like a Hooters, the girls are slightly better dressed and not as dumb.  I never feel weird going here and the food is decent as is the beer selection.  There's lots of tv's for watching sports and generally has a good vibe.  There's a pool table and your fair share of old guys staring at the waitresses but I think that's to be expected in a place like this.
4	I went on St. Patricks day to the Tilted Kilt.  I enjoyed my visit.  It was the best cornbeef sandwich I had in a long time.
4	Great atmosphere, great looking, sexy wait staff, great service and food. Our lunch was priced reasonably.  Lots of smiling faces.  I would definitely recommend.
2	Even though I feel weird all over and through this bar, it's on my list of places to frequent. They have a margarita with beer. I was sold. The food is really meh... average bar stuff. but nobody really comes here to eat anyway, right? it's all about the half naked wait staff and the alcohol... there's pool, too. and tv. Kinda cool overall.
4	This place is a great place to go with a group of guys.  Lots of fun.  Lots of TV's with sports and other programming on.  With that said, I have seen families in here too.  Really friendly staff, great food and beer selection.Servers are always pretty cool and attentive.I had the flatbread pizza.  It was pretty good.  The nachos were average.  Had calamari too, which was excellent but I wonder why they give you so much marinara sauce with them.  Wings were good too, though I wish they had a hotter option.
1	This coming from a 23-year old, bisexual girl, I feel completely unbiased about this, just an FYI to those worried about my credibility as a woman. I had a horrible first experience and will NOT return. I'm a frequenter of The Flying Saucer in University City and was told by some that it was a similar experience; it is NOT! The waitress we had was like a bipolar cheerleader. She was perky to the point of annoyance until my boyfriend found a couple of hairs in his food after a couple bites of his burger. Then it was rudely, "Well, where's the hair? I don't see anything" and she acted as if we were horribly trying to screw her over for the rest of the night. She barely talked to us and her perky attitude came off as completely fake the rest of the night. The girls aren't required to pull their hair back obviously, so it's not a surprise to me that a hair wound up in the food. We didn't get an apology for the problem and then she tried charging us for a side of BBQ sauce that was so disgusting he didn't touch it, and even came with the burger he didn't eat. The food was mediocre and nothing special in any regard and the beer selection was just average compared to a lot of other places in Charlotte. My friend just moved to South Charlotte and was looking forward to a good pub-style atmosphere and he made it clear to me that he would rather drive 30 minutes to the Flying Saucer for better food, better service and MUCH better beer selection than just 10 minutes to a lousy bar/restaurant with annoying waitresses, average food and none of the beers we like. Maybe we'll try Mac's when we're in South Charlotte. Hopefully the service will be better and there won't be any hair problems. The only thing this place had going for it was the highly revealing costumes the waitresses were wearing, but if that's the only thing it had going for it, I'd rather go to a strip club.
4	take hooters and give it a scottish feel, and you have the tilted kilt. we had one of our dinners here and we had an absolutely good time. the waitresses were a little on the slow side with the drinks, however eventually everything balanced out and everyone was happy.the meal of choice was a shrimp dinner with fries and some chips and spicy salsa for  an appetizer, and everything was tasty and cooked to perfection.
4	Well we didn't have a Tilted Kilt in Cincinnati, so this was a bit new to me, but not really new. It was like a Hooters but the ladies are scantily clad in kilts and plaid bras that pop out over the tops of their well endowed shirts. First thing I'll say about this place in comparison to Hooters though, is OMG their food is SOOOOOOOO much better here. I hated going to Hooters if we were just having some food and not for hanging out because ugh their food is terrible! But, in their defense I am not a wing person, and I know that's the ONLY reason everyone goes there.... insert heavy sarcasm here... But seriously, wow the food was way better and the staff were super friendly as well as the patrons. I made new friends just walking to the bathroom! There are tv's literally all over the place with different games and sports being broadcast on all of them. Prices were reasonable and the menu had a nice selection. If you are craving dessert then get the cookie and ice cream... My life was complete the moment I took a bite of that warm macadamia nut ice cream covered cookie. NOM NOM NOM... It's a bit of a drive for me, but I'd definitely go back again sometime.
2	Great beer selection on draft and their are a lot of well placed large TVs to watch games. The food is what you would expect from a corporate theme restaurant. Do yourself a favor save your money for good beer and stick with something that most kitchens can't mess up like wings and burgers if you aren't too picky. If you are looking for great wings though, head over to Wing King next door. Then come back for better beer and better TVs.
2	Downgrading my review after my last visit.  I wanted my family to experience the great food and service I had previous times. Went in the evening this time, discovered the special was 1/2 price apps, so we decided to do appetizers only.  We ordered 4 appetizers for the three of us. EVERY appetizer was horrible.  I had to get up and get napkins and silverware.  Nachos barely had any toppings. Potato skins were cold. Spinach dip was just bad.   Very disappointed this time.
3	I first heard about this place from a friend. He apparently had visited their Baltimore(?) location a while back and had a pretty decent time. Recently, I took him out here while he was down visiting, with a couple other in-town friends, and I just didn't see the appeal. Not to say that there wasn't anything I enjoyed about this location near the state line, but it was simply a little too redneck for me. I had a very different set of expectations for this place. My friends Baltimore "elaboration" didn't help matters either. The food was mediocre and beer specials weren't that great. Although it was a Saturday, mind-you. Also could've done without the $5 cover for the fight shown. Although the waitresses weren't what you would expect from an "Irish Hooters", our waitress was very friendly and knowledgable on the menu, which I could appreciate. I'll stick with my generic Hooter's, or Bikini's.
2	Much needed review update.  I gave it a solid 4 stars my first visit... Unfortunately my last visit was rather disappointing.  It was a Saturday night, so I expected the place to be busy, but the parking lot was rather "ghost-towny"  That should have been my first warning shot across the bow.  My second warning was the $5 cover they charged at the door for the UFC fight which we were obviously not there to watch.  After a group pow-wow, we decided we were already here and paid the cover.  The fight coverage was already more than halfway over.When we were escorted to our table, there was an abundance of empty tables, but some good size groups.  Our waitress was nice.... I ended up just have a Guinness or four to help curb my disappointment.  Some of my group ordered food - after making some choices, the waitress said the oven was broken so they had to pick some other apps - but really the apps they went with needed an oven to make so we were left scratching out heads...The highlight of the night was when one group (celebrating a birthday) decided to give us the leftover birthday cake to take home.
1	Where do I start... First I was told to check this out from a friend when I asked about watching a UFC fight.. What a mistake and here's why... 1.  The bartenders are probably the most rude bartenders I have ever met.2.  The food is way way over priced and tasted bland and old.3   The television placement is horrible and the seats hurt your back after 30 minutes.  Most UFC fights are at least 2.5 hours..4.  Did I mention the wait staff was just as rude as the bartenders.  5.  The bartenders were more interested in getting back rubs from a guy who appeared to be the drunk regular then asking if I needed anything.  It took them 27 minutes to come back and ask if I needed anything.  6.  The place was 70% empty on a Saturday night and the people who were there were middle aged guys who were bent and determined to figure out how to cheat on their wives with the staff.7.  While I did not realize that the place was a "Hooters" type of place (Honestly I am really not trying to be mean) The staff honestly looked like they were right out of Honey Boo Boo.. Seriously, if you need to have half naked women serving you food just go to Hooters, at least the Hooters staff isn't white trash.  Having a pregnant server 3/4 naked walking past me every 3 minutes was horrible.  The thought that came to my mind was that Tilted Kilt is the place that girls that are rejected from Hooters work... Never again...
2	I go here because everywhere else has a line. I can walk in here at 7 on Saturday night and there are maybe 40 people here. Most of those are at the bar trying to hit on the waiters who are not doing there jobs. The food is OK.  Its frozen food but its just OK.  The waiters are always talking to each other rather paying attention to our needs.
3	Ambiance is excellent. DUH!Food was pretty good. I had the chicken strip salad.One of my coworkers had the Shepards Pie and said it was very good.Another had the Corned Beef Sandwich with some spicy mustard and he said it was very good. The last of the party had a noodle dish and said it was good.So, overall, it was good.
4	Good food. Lots of beer. Must try the quesadilla.
5	My fave restaurant in Charlotte. Unfortunately our last experience not so good.  We were getting ready for a nice dinner when two woman with three small kids came in all under four.  Wow one was a screamer.  The kind like fingernails to the chalkboard.   Kids that can't behave don't belong in this place.  What happened to parents disciplining their children?  You can't go out for a peaceful dinner anymore!  Waitress first night on job but she was excellent.  Thanks Ashley!
1	Rude rude rude. Inconsistent preparation of grilled wings. But the rudeness was my last straw.
1	Disappointed! My first time at the place. The food was average at best. The staff was average, did not live up to the image. The fire alarm went off and they could not turn it off themselves. The fire took 30 minutes to get here to do it. What a joke!
4	I had only been here once before and that was for a friend's birthday, where only beer was consumed. Today, we went for dinner and...well, I have a few pros and cons, despite my four stars.Pros:It was actually really delicious. I had the club wrap and Justin had a burger, both of which were pretty great. We also had an appetizer of mozzarella sticks which tasted great, and not too salty or anything. Service was kind, helpful, and very quick. Apparently my boyfriend already knew our waitress, as she frequents his work.Music wasn't too loud, the lighting was just right, and everyone seemed happy.Cons:It was...WAY more expensive than I thought. Our tab came out to $50, not including tip. I'm not saying the food wasn't worth it, but I can get the same quality somewhere cheaper.I know that the dress code for the servers is aimed toward men and ultimately probably gets these nice girls very good tips but I really felt uncomfortable with the amount of boob showing and how short the skirts are. Maybe I'm jealous that I'm not that skinny or whatever but...eh. I don't know. If you go in for dinner at five, and don't want to sit at the bar, don't expect to get any service until five thirty. It isn't posted anywhere, but the only person who will be there is a bartender. I did not know this so I sat around like an idiot.I burned my mouth. Not a con against the place at all but owwwww...All in all, I will probably go back. The food was really good. I don't have too many complaints. I wish there was less boob but hey, what can you do. It's not the 1800s anymore.
2	I stopped here for drinks with a female friend/coworker and a male friend from the area during a 2 week business trip.  The bar wasn't very full and the bartender was very attentive.  We didn't have food, the drinks were good but a little pricey, the service was great.  The most interesting part was watching some of the men with those poor girls.  Although I'm sure they know what they are getting into when they take that job. One creepy guy actually hugged the waitress and she looked like she was going to barf, hopefully she got a nice tip! The menu looks like typical pub food, I would go back to try it.
4	Friendly staff,good food and best happy hours ...Amazing place!
2	Pros: Broad menu selection. Cons: Unrealistic beer prices... at least, for Guinness. At $6.50 per (imperial) pint, it's the most expensive Guinness in Charlotte.
4	I wish I could give half stars, but rounded my score up.  The restaurant is another take on the scantily clad waitress restaurant idea...nothing special.  Ordered the shepherd's pie which was decent, however for the price, I would expect a bigger portion.  It could also stand a pinch of salt to enhance the flavor. Our waitress was Cami and she was very attentive and polite.   Overall it was a decent experience.
3	Limited beer selection especially what is on tap. pretty good burgers. Typical sports bar.
3	As a frequent patron of Tilted Kilts all over the country, I'm sad to say this location is my least favorite.  I've been to TKs in 7 different states, and unfortunately both of my visits to Charlotte led to disappointment.I went once after the lunch rush, and once late afternoon.  Both times the place was nearly empty, yet both times I received unpleasant service.  My servers were very abrupt, and I would go for long stretches of time without a refill or table visit.  I noticed some of the other girls who seemed to be much more engaging or welcoming with their patrons.  In my visits, neither server ever smiled.I always make it to be a point to be as polite and pleasant as possible- I know the kinds of idiots that can make a server's day miserable, so I try extra hard to be a gentleman in hopes of making that server's day a little better (and to reduce likeliness of spit in my food).  But for whatever reason, I ended up with the ladies who already had bad days.  I even leave generous tips, upwards of 30% or more.  When I told one server she could keep the change (I gave her a $20 bill for a $10 meal), she just looked at the tab and said, "Oh". And walked off.  The second visit at least she said "have a nice day"!In regards to the food, it tastes as good as in every other TK.  The restaurant had the same standards of decor and cleanliness as the rest of the chain, and the servers for the most part had the same overall "looks", which of course is why everyone eats there.I have to admit, I was disappointed coming here. You go into a TK looking to have great food served by great company, and for me, half of that winning formula was missing. This is the first TK I've been to that I can't give a great rating to. I'm sure others have had a great experience here, but I can't base my opinion on how good a time I perceive others to be having.
3	Good place, good food, great location. I don't go to drool over the girls or break my neck looking like the other losers that go there but be prepared to pay for the scenery anyways. I like the bar area which has plenty of seating and many hd tv's. I would have given it 3.5 stars but you cannot do that. The only downside being it is a tad pricey. They do have drink specials here and there and for the most part the bartenders do make full pours on the draft beers. I always say I will take my head on the side. Most of the girls are nice but I get it most of the guys hit on them non-stop so that probably wears on them so you might get some less than attentive service from time to time. 2 things, 1st I wish more women would go there I feel creepy going in and sitting at the bar and it's like 5 dudes all of them by themselves and 2 seats inbetween each other, not a strip club guys. 2nd how awesome would it be if they had some mid to late 30's women working there! Like a fine wine I guess.
3	You don't get enough food for what you pay (I ordered to go lastnight and 1 lb of boneless wings amounted to 6 piece of chicken the size of half your thumb). Nonetheless, the towhead girl that greeted and took my order was cool and nice.
3	The food is OK but it's a bit expensive for what you get.  The service is really hit and miss.  I've been a number of times with co-workers who enjoyed going for the 'scenery'.  I don't go unless I am with others who want to because the 'scenery' is not a big draw for me.  There are better overall sports bars close by (cleavage and legs aside).  That said, the 'scenery' in this place can really be hit and miss as well as the service.  They do have some attractive wait staff who make the most of their uniform.  They have others who are a bit on the "rough" looking side.  So if you're going for the 'scenery' understand that you might get a 9 or you might get a 4.  Service is likewise unpredictable.  Clearly some girls are there simply hoping for big tips and doing the minimal in terms of actual work.  I guess they think that wearing a push-up bra and low cut top along with a tiny skirt deserves a big tip.  I tend to prefer wait staff that take food orders, bring drinks, food orders, refills, etc. in a timely manner and do it with at lease some attempt at being polite and friendly.  Some there do, but it seems more common to get a waitress that's unhappy.  Food is generally pretty good.  It's a bit on the pricey side for the portions but if you're not a big eater, you'll probably be satisfied with portions.  Most of their bar foods are very good.  Even some of their "heartier" dishes (meatloaf) are pretty solid offerings.  For folks looking for lighter fare, they do have some good wraps.  There's a little bit of everything and I think most people could find SOMETHING to eat.  Overall, I'd go back with friends that wanted to go there.  But I would recommend Hickory Tavern, Bailey's etc. over this unless you simply must have the 'scenery'.
5	Had a great time! Sat at bar, Brittany the bartender was quick and friendly. Great service.Order 2 bbq pork sliders very good. Cheese sticks were good also. Grilled wings 1lb great ended up being 8-10...it was a lb alright! Blackened chicken flatbread with fries good meal.Pricing wasn't too bad compared to portion size, similar to Hooters.Will be back!
4	Stopped in for a quick bite on my lunch break today. I ordered the Bad Arse BBQ burger. It was really delicious and flavorful and will definitely order it again. The only downfall, was it took roughly 15-20 minutes to receive the burger and fries. With an hour lunch break, you kind of want something quick and that was pushing it. Overall though, servers were friendly, the manager stopped by to say hi, and the establishment was very clean!
3	Surprisingly good deals and food and great service.  Don't mind the girls in the crop tops and short kilts even - if you're going to let me order off a happy hour menu with items under $5, you can wear whatever you want!  I'll be back for a late night snack when I'm in the neighborhood!
1	Food was not very good. They were very disorganized. And the staff was not very friendly. This will be the last time coming to this location. It has went downhill over the past few years and is still going. .
2	This was my first time at Tilted Kilt; it will likely be my last.  Appetizer:  we ordered the chips and salsa. Simple enough, right?  Wrong!  It was tasteless, bland, certainly underseasoned, and had an odd after taste.  Entree:  black bean burger.  As ubiquitous as the veggie burger is, I was hoping this would at least be AS good as the others I've had.  The patty had a chalky taste, the bun fell apart in my hands, and the avocado wasn't very ripe.  Pickle spears were warm (who wants a warm pickle-lol).  The garlic fries were pretty good.The service was fine--our server was nice.  The drink I ordered was very good--the only bright spot in this experience.  Needless to say, I was less than satisfied with my food and won't recommend any of TK locations.  It just was good at all.
