5	OH MY GAWD. I am giving 5 stars just for the view. Its beatutiful and  so romantic. Infact while we were dining there, a guy was proposing to his girlfriend sitting on the window table.They have three levels, with level 1 having an outdoor seating as well and the whole restaurant overlooks the whole Pittsburgh downtown. There are couple of other restuarants I am guessing with similar view.Anyway, I had the sausage hogie which is chefs special and loved it. I think everyone in Pittsburgh or visiting Pittsburgh must visit this place once, but remember to make a reservation for the windows seats. They are in high demand.
5	The views, the food, and a great place to be when Pittsburgh does fireworks off the point.
5	Awesome view and service.  Not too pricey for a Grandview restaurant
3	party of 2. had reservations for 630, arrived at 615 and were seated right away. when i called originally i asked for a seat by the window. they said they cant guarantee it but noted it and would try. we sat one  table away from the window, which still made for an amazing view. however the people right against the window were paying the bill and we asked if we could move over once they left. the server was very nice and said no problem after asking the host. this happened after we ate our salads. he busted the table quickly and made the little move very smooth and easy. the view is totally amazing. i ate here in the winter, and looking below at the deck, during the summer im sure it would be even a bit better. the food i have to say was a little disappointing. i heard the food is very good here, but i wasnt too impressed. my fillet was very avgerage, for an above average price. garlic mashed potatoes were decent. the salad with house dressing was way too small, it was tiny and pretty plain, i really liked the dressing though. the steak sauce that came with my fillet, which normally id never use any sauce, but i tried a bite with it, and the sauce was very good and i finished my steak using it. the 12oz sirloin was the other dish ordered and i finished her last 4 bites, actually, i had only 2 bites, as it was awful i thought. very tough and dry. she had green beans as her side which were ok. no dessert,. her two vodka martinis were very good and priced right as was my beers. its 3 stars because the service was good. our waiter was very nice and made the meal better because with his good service. and the view is unreal and the atmosphere and decor are very nice. although there is a tv mounted on the wall in the dining room which seemed very out of place. if it was on, it would kill the intimate, romantic vibe that it offers. maybe its there for the staff to watch while the place is closed?  because i couldnt see why it would ever be on any other time. the bar downstairs is very nice and you can still get the view. its pretty small, but a perfect place to have drinks before or after the meal. after tip it was exactly $100, which included 2 kettel one martinis, and 2 beers, no dessert.  overall i liked the restaurant, i liked the cozy feeling there, the big windows, friendly staff, i just wish the food was a little better as it was very average.
1	I joined Yelp specifically to say this: The Grandview Saloon was one of the worst culinary experiences of my life.  I would rather lick the grease off the tracks of the Duquesne Incline next door than suffer through another meal here again.The entire Grandview concept appears to be premised on the belief that as long as you've got a phenomenal view, you can charge inflated prices for food you'd be offended to find in a middle school cafeteria. In general, the food I saw was all-American in the worst possible sense - bland, slimy, and whenever possible, smothered with cheese.In our case, the chicken marsala recipe eschewed the traditional topping for some kind of watery combination of ketchup and barbeque sauce.  The shrimp scampi tasted as if it was prepared by a chef without a tongue. Our request for pita chips that were simply warm, not fried, elicited a significant delay from the kitchen, as if they couldn't figure out why any of their customers wouldn't want to slurp up something lathered in butter and oil.Frankly, we should have run out the door the moment we sat down.  My brother-in-law aptly described the decor as a Days Inn ballroom circa 1995.  The walls are either prison gray or white tile with literally nothing on them.  Of course, you've got an incredible view of the downtown skyline, but that's no excuse for such hideous decorative malfeasance.  After all, Vincent van Gogh didn't frame Starry Night in particle board he pulled from a dumpster.If you've got even one iota of romantic feeling left after surveying what must surely be an accurate replica of Purgatory, the Top 40 hits from five year ago blaring over the soundtrack will surely kill the mood once and for all.  While you enjoy the strains of Pink's "Get the Party Started," you'll be left munching on beer-battered blobs, silently wondering why your life feels so empty and numb.To think that I paid almost $70 here for a two-person dinner that didn't even include alcohol makes me want to gnaw off my own pinkie with rage.  That experience would be tastier, cheaper, and far more pleasant than my time at Grandview.  However, my sacrifice will only achieve some higher meaning if I can serve as a warning to the rest of humanity.  For a great night out, check out the free view from the public observation point a few doors down, and then eat in literally any other restaurant in Pittsburgh.
4	Amazing view of the city.  Only had appetizers, but they were good.
5	Visiting Pittsburgh with my wife, we were taken to the Grandview by her brother for lunch. The view is staggering, and the food was quite good, too. BIL and I had the Pulled Pork Sandwich--flavorful, moist, no fatty bits, and not overly sauced. My wife had the Veggie Pita Wrap and she was completely satisfied. However, the great find at the Grandview Saloon was the light, crunchy and tasty french fries. I'm usually a bigger fan of steak fries, but these thinner cut crunchers were outstanding.Service was friendly, helpful and prompt. Obviously, the view is the reason for the restaurant, but they don't cheat you on the food (which wasn't overly expensive).
5	We came here for lunch on a Saturday with Pitt playing on Saturday and the Steelers on Sunday. Arrived at about 1:30 PM without a reservation and were quickly seated. Fabulous views from just about anywhere in the dining room. I had the five mushroom soup and it was delicious! Very fresh, lots of mushrooms, very rich. I also had a small salad and it was fresh mixed greens with a good balsamic vinaigrette. The others in our party had the crab cake sandwiches. I was thinking, "Crab cakes in Pittsburgh???" They were huge, (about 8 oz.), all lump crab meat, and everyone raved about them. All agreed they were the best crab cakes they had ever had (and these are some real crab cake snobs!). So if you go to the Grandview Saloon, get the crab cakes! Service was efficient. I would definitely go back.Take the Duquesne Incline  from Carson Street (free parking), turn left out of the incline terminal at the top and go down Grandview Ave. about five or six doors.
4	I had just arrived to Pittsburgh and my friend and I rode up the Duquesne Incline to take in the gorgeous view on a warm September night. We considered having dinner in the Mount Washington area, but none of the restaurants looked all that attractive to us (no offense, but they kind of seemed like tourist traps). With that, we could see Grandview Saloon's outdoor terrace from the observation area adjacent to the Duquesne Incline Station, so we figured we'd amble over there for a drink. We were seated promptly and given a great table right at the edge of the balcony. Wow, the view is fantastic, especially at sunset time! The drink/cocktail menu offers your typical assortment of martinis, beer, wine, etc. I had a Ketel martini ($14) and my friend had a beer - The martini was nice and cold, and big, so a good value for what it was. It was a great place to unwind and take in the sights of Pittsburgh. It seems pretty popular overall, and their food did look good. A solid choice on Mount Washington for a casual meal or relaxing cocktail.
5	We went back before another Steeler game and this time I got the crab-cake sandwich. Awesome is the only word to describe it. And did I mention the view???
4	Let's be clear on what the four stars are for:  the ability to sit outside, look out on one of the finest views you will see anywhere of a city, and drink a beer.  Period. The Grandview Saloon offers several floors of dining and drinking.  The food, if I remember was probably two-three stars, but to be honest, I haven't been there since it got cold.  I think there was a new manager starting who was interested in introducing better wine and food so things may have changed since I was last there in the fall, but either way the service was always friendly and again, the views great.  It's also been surprisingly easy to get a table outside the times I have gone there--I would have thought this place would be packed all the time. Another nice bonus is that it is located next to the Duquesne Incline.  I enjoyed giving out-of-town guests a chance to catch the incline and then have a drink there at the top before heading back down.I look forward to warmer weather soon and getting chance to head back up there!
4	I wanted a nice but causal meal to celebrate my new job with my dad and he suggested Grandview Saloon. I made a reservation for around 6:30 for two with no problem on a Saturday night. The set up of this restaurant is interesting with different levels and an outdoor section.  The kitchen is at the front of the restaurant when you first walk in with the host stand on the edge of the kitchen (interesting).  One of my only gripes is the decor in this place. I am not an interior designer or anything and not everything has to be super chic but this place is just bland.  White walls, two pieces of art, cheesy chairs. This place has so much potential just needs some CHARACTER! I was starving so I order their mushroom bisque (even though I never eat creamy soup) and it was heavy but delicious! I ordered the crab cakes and YUM! Big chunks of crab meat!!! Delicious and HUGE. I also had two bloody marys during the meal as well which were very spicy and tasty. My dad got their Banana Creme Pie Ice Cream which was AMAZING! Their list of interesting ice cream flavors was impressive (even my dad was impressed and he is an absolute ice cream connoisseur) PRO: Fast service, great food, a lot of daily specials, excellent desserts, outdoor seatingCON: $10 Parking, boring decor OVERALL: WILL BE BACK FOR SURE
5	What a great place for newcomers to Pittsburg. You certainly get a grand view and the food is delicious. We rode the incline which was a hoot tooI had the cream of gourmet mushroom soup and the french fry salad - apparently a new tradition in Pittsburgh or Penn. in general? Odd combination, but so were chicken wings and bbq sauce in Buffalo in the 70s! My husband had the sausage sub -- to fat to pick up! We were there early on a Saturday on a chilly day in April and could just imagine how fun it would be to eat outside.
2	I hate having to do negative reviews, but there's no way to sugar-coat it: our recent visit to Grandview Saloon was just bad.We came on a Saturday night, after calling and being told that although tables inside were all reserved for the night, there would be seating in the bar and outside 'first-come first-served.'  So, willing to wait a bit for one of these famous-view tables, we went up and were fortunately able to immediately get a seat at one of the tables in the bar area.  No view of the city from there, but there was a good view of the Buccos game on the big TV, so we were happy with that.Our waitress brought our drinks right away, and she took our order shortly after.  We were off to a good start, but things started to look a little dismal when the mushroom soup that we ordered hadn't shown up after about twenty minutes.  We had decided to split a bowl of the soup, an appetizer, and an entree, and then each ordered our own side salads.  (There was nothing on the menu to indicate you couldn't share an entree, nor was there an additional plate fee for doing so.)Finally, after 45 minutes, our appetizer arrived.  We got the jalapeno crab dip, which was really good, and came with lightly fried pita triangles.  The dip was served still hot, so we figured that the kitchen was just backed up.At this point, we noticed that our waitress was not only waiting on her tables, she was making the drink orders for all of her own tables, in addition to the drinks for those of some of the other waitstaff.  My best guess is that she was normally a bartender who got assigned to wait tables when another server called off, but never once did she say anything to indicate that they were short-staffed, or even say, "Sorry for the delay, your food is coming out soon."  Finally, after twenty more minutes, our food arrived.  As in, ALL OF IT arrived at once.  The soup, our side salads, and our 'entree' were brought to the table at once.  The soup was already at room temperature, and for a thick soup like a cream of mushroom, it has to be hot to not overwhelm you with the weight of it.  We each had a few bites and that was it.We had ordered the grilled scallops entree, and at $26, I had expected more than 5 scallops and half a plate of French fries.  (The menu said 'roasted potato wedges,' but what actually arrived were the equivalent of the seasoned fries from the old Rally's restaurant - don't get me wrong, they were mighty tasty, but for 'roasted potato wedges' they were not what I expected).We were just upset at this.  We really wanted to enjoy our dinner and take in the sights from Mt. Washington, but poor service and food quality just prevented that.  I am typically very forgiving of slow service during busy times, but I do kind of expect some, 'Hey, sorry, we're really backed up because of ___ tonight, it's going to be a little longer for your food,' from my servers.  Especially for the prices of the Grandview Saloon - the food here was not significantly cheaper than the meals at LeMont, but the quality, amount, and presentation of the food did not even come close to stacking up.However, all of this said, I do believe very strongly in second chances, and if I were to receive a coupon or have a Groupon deal for the Grandivew Saloon, I think we would return just to see if we were there first on an off-night.  When it comes to paying full-price for a meal though, for now, I will be sticking to the Mt. Washington restaurants I know.
3	It was a brutally hot day up on Mt Washington this past weekend. After going up the incline, we tried walking around a little, but it was just too hot to do anything. This is the first place we found where we could get out of the heat.As far as bars go, this place is average at best. We didn't eat - just a few beers and soaking up their AC.However, what a view! They have an outdoor balcony that looks right over the city. Even though the heat was killer, we had to suffer through it a little longer to just sit outside and enjoy the city view.Definitely worth a stop just for the view.
1	Like anywhere in this city, it is a chore to drive there.  Parking was next to impossible and after that the place is CLOSED
2	Good food, service sucks.
3	Food was pretty good... you pay for the view though.  BBQ nachos were superb.
3	The Grandview Saloon has one of the best views of Pittsburgh from Mt. Washington from its patio. The views from the interior of the restaurant are not bad either.  To go with your view, you can choose from a good selection of drinks and more mediocre Pittsburghesque (i.e., comfort) food. The design of the patio is fine, but the interior of the restaurant is very plain. This is a shame, because with a little work on the interior design and menu, the view could make this one of the city's most interesting restaurants. In short, I would not go here to celebrate an anniversary, but it's a good place to take first-time visitors to see the city while enjoying a tasty beverage.
5	Loved this restaurant for 2 main reasons:1)  Was open at 3pm on a Saturday (most near the top of the Duquesne Incline appear to open at 4 or 5 for dinner) and2)  Had an awesome outdoor deck for great sightseeing of downtown PittsburghThe food and service were an added bonus.  Alex was my server and he did a great job checking on me and answering sightseeing questions.  I ordered the gyro and cole slaw, which I found out from Alex is made in-house.  It has a delicious flavor, different from the run-of-the-mill cole slaws.You'll be able to relax and take in the sights on the outdoor deck, adding to your photo collection.
2	Five girlfriends and I chose this restaurant as the starting point for a "girls night out" mostly because we wanted the view of Mt. Washington and the experience of riding the incline to/from and it was less expensive and more casual than many other restaurants on Grandview Ave. Well, it's true what they say - you get what you pay for. In general, this place seems to be confused about its persona. It kind of WANTS to be a fancy restaurant with the white linen tablecloths and tiny candle lamps on the tables, but there is very little ambiance beyond the view of downtown Pittsburgh. Even the menu is confusing. There seems to be a strange mix of "fancy" dishes and more low-key items such as sandwiches and wraps. The latter would seem appropriate on a lunch menu, but for dinner, I think they should stick to seafood and pasta, and apparently steak, since it's technically a steak house, or at least was in the recent past. (I don't eat steak, so if it was on the menu, I would've skiipped right past it anyway.) The menu was also small - perhaps only 15-20 total choices? Not one person at my table said that they LOVED their meal, leaving me to conclude that they don't really put much effort into their offerings. In my opinion, if you're going to have a limited menu, that's fine - choose a few select dishes and do them REALLY well. A smattering of mediocre choices does not make up for the rest that this place is lacking. Our server was very personable, but I believe overworked, (which is hard to understand, since the place isn't very big), which lead to an overall impression of not-that-great service. We had to wait quite a while for drinks, had to ask for the complimentary bread that we spied on other tables, and had to ask to have our tabletop candle lamp lit at dusk. Turns out, there wasn't even a candle in it - apparently they're just set on the tables for show. He did, however, graciously take back a glass of wine one friend did not like and replaced it with a much better selection. And upon overhearing another friend complain about not even being able to cut her tuna steak with a butter knife (it should not need a knife at all), he offered to have the kitchen prepare her a new meal and asked to take back the half of hers that was overdone so they could see just what was wrong with it. Overall, I will not be in a hurry to go back to this place for anything other than drinks on the outside patio if I happen to be in the area.
4	The Grandview Saloon revels in the real estate phrase "location, location, location". The facility itself could use a decoration update but has an amazing view of downtown Pittsburgh.  It has indoor and outdoor seating high above the city.  Other reviewers seem to be expecting a finer dining establishment than the Saloon offers. The prices are a bit higher but again the location fee is built into your meal. I shared the pulled pork nachos with my companions and was pleasantly surprised by the dish.  We had a couple of drinks on a weekend afternoon after a ride up the Duquesne incline.  I'd recommend it for the view and a snack.
4	Scenario: you walk out of the Duquesne Incline and need a place to eat. Turn and take about 20 steps. Walk into the Grandview Saloon. Go upstairs for an awesome view by the window, or downstairs for a more informal, outdoor setting. Great food with rare, great prices up here. Definitely recommend!
4	Super nice bartenders! Food menu is good, creative, moderately priced, and my Greek Burger was delish! Draft selection is only modest, but...the view! To hang out anywhere else on a beautiful sunny 'Burgh day would be a waste!
4	I'm knocking this one down a star.  I've been here several times now and usually when a friend comes into town this is where I want to bring them so we can sit outside and enjoy the views of downtown Pittsburgh.On my latest visit, a girlfriend and I were sitting outside.  A couple sitting next to the railing finished their meal and was leaving so I asked the server if it would be posible for us to move to that spot.  (I wanted my friend to have the best opportunity to take pictures as long as it was okay.)  Notice, I asked; we didn't just move there.  He said he'd check with the host to make sure someone wasn't waiting for the table.  The host came over to admonish us,  "We don't usually allow table hopping but I'll allow it this one time", she said, obviously ticked off that we had the nerve to ask.Really????  A simple yes or no would have sufficed without the attitude,  So, now you've been forewarned about their "table hopping" policy.  Geez, Louise!
5	Love, love this place. I was in Pittsburgh just for a day and came here by accident, the views of Pittisburgh are amazing and the drinks were really good. I didn't get to try the food but I will make sure to come back here next time I'm back in town.
4	worth it just for the view!  It's just to your left after you get off the Duquesne Incline.  Go at sunset!
2	Myself and five other people dined here on December 8th and while the view was fantastic everything else was left to be desired. Walking up to the restaurant I would have walked right passed it if someone in my party didn't point it out. The awing looked like it could have used some updating, there are no indication of it even being the restaurant unless you were looking at the old menu they have out front. Upon entering the restaurant we found it to be weird that the kitchen was located as soon as you entered the front door, we were then seated right away in the section of the restaurant that reminded me of someone's grandmothers house with paper napkin and all. Our table overlooked the kitchen and found the noise level to be very loud to hear the people in your party talking. The food itself was ok, everyone seemed to enjoy it but were put off by the table location.
5	Drinking and being stupid with the knucklegraggers i work with...Food was superb and Dortmunder on tap!!!View of the 'Burgh was fantastic!!!Has a GREAT time!!!
2	Awesome patio and awesome view, just DO NOT GET FOOD. We had perogies, calamari, kielbasa, all bad. I asked the waiter where the perogies and Kielbasa are from, he said just the typical frozen restaurant mass distributor, in a city known for Polish food and charging astronomical prices for the view, they should be able to do better...
4	We were visiting from out of town and stopped by about 4pm on a Thursday - no wait for a table on the great deck with a view of the city and rivers!  We only got drinks, and they were good.  Service was OK.  If the view wasn't so good I'd probably only give 3 stars, but it was a beautiful day to sit outside with a drink and the view.
1	Tourist trap. Like a bad cafeteria on top of Mt. Washington.
5	I grew up in Pittsburgh and now live in Georgia.  When I come home I quite often make a trip up the Duquesne incline and eat at the Grandview Saloon.  So, when I was on an executive board that was planning a conference in Pittsburgh and we needed a cool place to take 35 life members for lunch I immediately thought of the Grandview saloon.   The all glass front overlooking the Point and three rivers convergence is spectacular in itself.    Sue was great to work with from the start.   The day arrived and everything was perfect!   The food was excellent.  The group had Reuben's, crab cakes, fried Cod sandwiches, pear salads, etc.   EVERYTHING was excellent to a tee! Not one complaint from this vocal group!  The only thing I'd change was the requirement of one check for the group   Since we were doing this dutch treat This could have been a nightmare (I brought extra cash just in cash we were short). But we came out within 60 cents of the total bill!  That was a first! (Grin)   I was so pleased I brought the executive board back for dinner on Friday night to celebrate a successful conference. The brightly lit city was beautiful, Including a full moon which i ordered just for us!  Again, it was excellent with no complaints from this very tired group!   Crab cakes, gyros, Reuben's, Etc were all good.  The mushroom soup was a Gilled masterpiece, that with a salad, could have been a meal in itself.  We had two waiters for the 35 people and they kept in top of things well!   Couldn't have asked for a better experience either time!   I won't hesitate to go back next time im in town!
3	Best view of any bar restaurant in the world.  Terrible decor and average food. Looks like a high school kids basement. I do believe this place needs John Taffer and bar rescue BAD. Come here for apps and beer and bring a camera
3	Grand VIEW - that just about sums it up. The only other thing worth mentioning is the price.
1	FYI... Although Yelp says its good for kids, it is not. There is a sign on the door at the hostess stand that says no children under the age of 6 are allowed.
5	Stopped in for lunch. I had the crab cake sandwich. It was, honestly, the best crab cake sandwich I've ever had. EXCELLENT
3	1. Great location. Great view. (Wish we couldve been outside)2. Had the French onion soup which was pretty good, but kind of pricey.3. Service was okay.4. Overall, a good place to stop for a beer after checking out the incline down the street.
2	First time here believe it or not.  I am thinking I need to come back and try the bar.  We came in at 6:25pm on a Tuesday.  Our food arrived at 7:00pm after I went and put more quarters in the meter.  I got a crab sandwich that was average at best.  My wife got a prime steak sandwich which was also average at best.  Oh the view was great!  I guess that's what we paid $48 for.  I will try it again and follow up.
4	Great view! French onion soup was the best! Go here and watch the sun go down and the lights of Pittsburgh come on for an unforgettable experience. Service was the best, Shelley made us feel like we were the most important customer in the room. Great service, great food, great view. Couldn't be any better.
1	Simple food that takes an extremely long time to arrive. We had the slowest service I can remember. Moreover, it was pretty crappy, unapologetic service. I'll never go back. It's simply not worth it.
4	Sat on the outdoor patio on a clear, sunny day and enjoyed a stunning view of downtown Pittsburg above the converging rivers. The calamari was good, suggested that an option of sauce be offered. The remoulade sauce which came with my grandson's crab cake sandwich was terrific with the calamari!
3	I really wanted to love this place! VERY RARELY DO I GIVE A NOT SO FLATTERING REVIEW BUT:  I called for a reservation and the man that answered the phone was extremely nice. He told me the Patio Seating was first come/first serve. Since it has been inclement weather, I got a reservation for window seating for 7PM. When we arrived, the Hostess told us our table would be ready in a few minutes. She came into the bar to tell us it would be a little longer. That was fine. The view is gorgeous and we took some beautiful pictures of Pittsburgh. The Hostess brought us to our table and that's when everything went SOUTH. Our Waitress, Kayla, wanted to go home apparently. She asked if we were OK with water (that was already on our table) but we wanted a drink from the bar and to enjoy the moment.  We lived in Pittsburgh for a while and we were back in town to do some renovations. We worked very hard for over a month and this was to celebrate our hard work was finally finished. Kayla brought our drinks, asked if we were ready to order...we knew we wanted the French Onion Soup (DELICIOUS) so we started with that. She came out of the kitchen with a tray on her shoulder and our soup in her hand. As she passed our table, she handed the soup to my husband and kept going. Well OK, she had her hands full but this isn't Carson Street!!  My husband had a few sips and passed it to me to try when Kayla walked over and asked if we were ready to order our food yet. I had just taken one spoonful of the soup and I said no but my husband said yes...Kayla ignored me so he ordered. (What waitress takes an order when the entire party isn't ready? Yes, there were only two of us but 50% of us were not ready. OK move on!) By this time, I was getting upset since we came for a nice relaxing evening only to be rushed. We ordered the $50. Porterhouse Steak (MEH- just OK, not  what I was hoping for) and a Crab Cake sandwich (since there is an $8.00 Sharing charge we got both items). I caught her on her way by to ask for some bread. When she brought it, she asked "How is your food tasting?" WHAT? Who says that? Then she started sweeping the carpet around us while we were eating. GROSS!! Our bill was well over $150.00 after parking and the bar bill. I asked for a doggy bag for the steak bone and Kayla handed me a little styrofoam box. I asked her if she had anything bigger but no. Weird...you sell a 24 oz. Porterhouse. It is such a shame that this one waitress spoiled the whole experience. If she wanted to go home she should have gone! Is there any FINE DINING in Pittsburgh?? Kayla should work on Carson Street where no one cares if you sweep under their feet. We thought this would be special but it was very disappointing...and all because we had a rude waitress. Too Bad! My husband still tipped her, his usual, over 20% because he worked in the restaurant industry. The thing is, even though we don't live here anymore, we still have a voice; Thanks to Yelp!! Also, we don't have small kids but if you do: ASK ABOUT THE NO KIDS POLICY BEFORE YOU GO!! I gave them 3 Stars...one for the guy on the phone, one for the Hostess and one for the view!
5	Super fun place with an amazing view of Pittsburgh!  The company was fantastic and the food was delicious.  Great service as well.  I wish we lived closer to this wonderful city!!! 100 A+++
1	They exercised their right to refuse us service because we were accompanied by a child under the age of 6. I'm exercising my right to Yelp them 1 star. Consequently, we found our way to Bigham Tavern, dropped $100, got fat and drunk and had a blast!
3	if you're going here go for the view, the food is just OK but the view is great. I think a good thing about it, is it's not that expensive compared to other restaurants up there with the same view.
3	Lets's face it, the real reason to go here is for the view.   The food is just OK and overpriced.  We three stopped for appetizers and drinks in the middle of the afternoon.  The Bloody Mary and the espresso martini were very good.  The glass of Chardonnay, for the price was a lousy pour.We ordered the coconut shrimp, which was over fried, but fortunately served with a tasty sauce which helped.  We also had the spinach dip, which was served with a great warm pita bread.  The cheese plate had a nice variety of cheese and crackers, served with a spicy mustard sauce.Overall, nice experience, since we did it for the view, but prices are way high, so not a place I would ever go just to have a meal.
5	Great deck view for late afternoon/eve drinks and dinner. Less cost than nearby other places plus you can sit outside here.
3	A wise man once told me, "all of life's disappointments come from failed expectations." Nothing truer has ever been said, and that statement also applies here.OK, OK, I'll admit that when I first entered the place, I was concerned by the decor as well. A glance at the enormous menu offering what appeared to be a mundane slew of tired old "American Food" items left me a bit melancholy as well. I think that I am a bit less critical because these two first impressions set the bar a little low for me.BUT... the draft beer was nice and cold, the staff working up on the deck that night were very attentive and friendly, and the gyro I ordered was... AWESOME! (One of the wait staff recommended it, saying it was probably the best thing on the menu.) Forget $50 porterhouse steaks here - why the hell would you do that? Go to Morton's, Capital Grille, or Ruth's Chris if you want to spend a fistful of money on some muscle to gnaw on.I would disagree with the 5 star (?!?!) and 1 star reviews here. This place isn't The French Laundry on Mount Washington OR Pittsburgh Food Hell Meets Third World Inflation... It is a place with a great view and some tasty items you have to sort out from the rest of the "Bennigan's meets TGI Friday's meets Applebee's meets Bar Food" stuff. If you have the time and the patience, give the place a try if you are in the vicinity. Hopefully you will visit on a good night, and the view will make up for most of the shortcomings you may encounter.And remember to set your expectations appropriately - the Michelin reviewers will never set foot in this place. You know that. Sites like this can help too - read what people are saying...
4	Very fresh food and authentic Italian taste. Tried the eggplant Parmesan and it was so awesome. My friend had portobello mushrooms burger which was also very good. The view of the Pittsburgh is scenic from the patio. Must visit when you come to Mt Washington.
5	Decent prices, amazing view, good drinks and apps! Stop by here after riding the incline!
2	I created an account so I could share the bad experience I had at Grandview Saloon.  Yesterday was my wife and I's first anniversary.  We decided we would go up to Mt. Washington and stare at the city while we eat/drink for our special occasion.  Monday, my wife called and made reservations for Thursday at 7:30pm and requested a table by the windows.  She was told that it wasn't a problem but there might be a 5-10 minute wait for a window table even with a reservation.  That' was no problem.Being the punctual person that I am, I was walking through the door at 7:30pm.  Told the hostess that we were there for our reservations.  This is where it gets bad.   We were told that the people who had reservations at 6:30pm still haven't arrived and that we no longer have the option for a window table.  She told us they were a whopping HOUR late for their reservation.  She explained that the group was from Philly and got lost and stuck in traffic.  Who in the hell continues to hold a reservation when the group is over an HOUR late?  My wife was pretty disappointed considering we made reservations four days prior.As for the food, it was pretty mediocre.  Lets just say you're not going for the food.  You're going for the view.  I got the homemade crab cake dinner with a Caesar salad and steak fries.  My wife got the salmon dinner with a side salad and french fries.  My wife said the salmon was pretty decent.  They had to send my plate back because someone plated the wrong sides with my crab cakes.  For being about $30 a plate, I expected the food to be a lot better.As stated before and by a lot of other people.  Don't set your expectations high on anything other than the view.  That's what you're going there for.  I want to send a shout out to the group from Philly who arrived an hour late for their reservation and messing up mine.
4	I haven't eaten here yet, but would give five stars for the view alone!  My dad and I went to the Duquesne Incline and then had some time to burn before his flight home, so we stopped next door at the Grandview Saloon for a beer and to hang out for a bit.The patio is fantastic with a wonderful view of the rivers, and you can watch the incline go up and down.  They had a decent selection of beer (although we were uncreative and went with Yuengling) that was nice and cold and reasonably priced given the location.  Our server was prompt and friendly.I'm guessing there's more interesting food options in downtown Pittsburgh, but I'd definitely stop here for the view again, especially with visitors.
2	Grandview Saloon is only Grand for their view.  We sat in the upstairs dining room over looking the city.  I was surprised this was not an open air space, specially since we were dining in August.  Minus 1.Since we had a large enough group, we ordered 3 appetizers, calamari, bruschetta, and another fried dish.  The calamari was good, but nothing I haven't had at many places before.I was not in the mood for a meat dish, so I ordered a pasta dish.  I inquired about how heavy the sauce was (it sounded like a white wine sauce and I wanted to make sure it wasn't a cream sauce).  The server assured me it wasn't too heavy.  I was presented with a late of pasta for a family of four, with some vegetables mixed in, doused with a mound of creamy white sauce.  Much to my disappointment, I could only  eat a small portion, and since we were going out after dinner I couldn't take anything to go.I visit Pittsburgh a few times per year, this is one place I will not be asking to return to.
