4	JK might've written bits of HP here, but I'm sure I read an interview in which she gave that honour to a completely different cafe on Nicholson Street, now closed. Elephant House have certainly staked their claim in letters writ large though, which means you can't walk past this cafe without ending up in someone's holiday snaps. It also means it's very busy at lunchtime. The sign says get your food before bagsying a table, but you're unlikely to be sitting while you eat unless you have an accomplice to throw your coats onto a couple of chairs while you're in the queue.The food is quite good, I think. I've had some delicious paninis there and some very nice pastries. And not that expensive in my opinion. Service is usually quite fast - they have to be given the popularity of the place, and you can get stuff to take away too. If you have elephant phobia then steer clear, the predominant theme in this cafe's decor is elephant.And yes, if you can get a window seat the views are lovely.
3	This place likes to claim that J.K. Rowling wrote her famous tomes here, but it is not true. The place where she actually wrote is now a Chinese Buffet place a few blocks away (the building sports a modest plaque). The also like to claim that Hogwarts was inspired by the view from their windows, but that is also unconfirmed.Despite their grandiose claims, this place is nice. I enjoyed my cheese sandwich and tea. The table where I sat was comfy for reading and contemplating. They have simple comfort food, pleasant service, and a great view of the castle and the cemeteryMy friend worked here for a while, and she is really excellent. Five stars for my friend Emily VD.
4	As Mrs Rach has reported, I did indeed used to work here.  Prior to working here I was something of a groupie - the boys behind the counter were flirty and gave me free stuff and the boss let me bring in my computer and sit around for hours while I worked on my MSc.  When I finally earned my degree I realised I needed a job in the real world - so promptly begged for employment here. Working here rocked - mostly. The cool stuff:The staff, the really awesome selection of tea, french press coffee and tray bakes (I gained so much weight working here because I pretty much lived off of chicken sandwiches, brownie milkshakes and chocolate topped flapjacks...mmmmm).  We were also incredibly inappropriate with each other and customers - best night was when the cook decorated a dessert I needed to take out to a customer with a chocolate syrup penis.  Amazing.Oh and it's also open late - not many coffee places in Edinburgh are which makes this place a wee gem (and there's booze too if you fancy a Bailey's coffee)The less cool stuff:the food's microwaved and while that works most of the time, sometimes it REALLY doesn't.  It's also full of stupid dirty crappy tourists far too often and as a result, in the afternoons it's nearly impossible to get a table.  Oh and the music - it used to be good but just before I quit it had become a soul destroying loop of horribleness (I won't mention specific band names here because I'll probably offend someone horribly but OMYGODIFIEVERHEARJACKJOHNSONAGAINIMIGHTKILLMYSELF... oops)
4	A friend recommended this place to me as a coffee house with a character. So far her recommendations were on the spot. I went, I saw, I conquered. With the view of the castle and their specialty drinks, it was a great way to warm up on a chilly Edinburgh day (hot chocolate involving Baileys or Scotch works for me just fine). If only I had enough talent, I could write here the whole novel or, perhaps, short stories involving elephants? - Very writing friendly surrounding ... Well - you just need occasionally phase out the tourists. The other day I met a couple of them - they were studying their maps and guides very carefully, keeping their voices down. I wasn't sure - I thought I heard some German word here or there, but if they were Germans indeed, I would have heard them loud and clear. I guessed Swiss, whose frustration around the world is being mistaken for Germans or being hardly noticeable at all. I couldn't resist approaching them. It turned out they were Swiss from Zurich, a couple of days in Edinburgh on their way to Highlands. After a long chat, they had a few very useful suggestions for me, who still knows zilch about the city.... Sometimes it pays off to come across some organized tourists ... As opposed to the one writing these words - a disorganized, ignorant me ....One star down for lack of wireless. They have their own internet stations, if you need  a quick check. Also, avoid the place if you do not like crowds - it has become too popular for its own good ...
4	I love the back room, it has a great view of the castle. Its a good spot to meet friends, central and with a variety of sandwiches. The coffee and croissants are specially good.
3	This place was decent but crazy busy!  Interesting with the J.K. Rowling history... we just happened to be walking by and hungry.  If you're going at a peak time, get ready for a wait.
4	We visited this relaxing coffee shop twice on our visit to Edinburgh.  Delicious lattes, yummy sugar cookies shaped like elephants, and awesome ice cream.  We felt completely comfortable, and liked the friendly ambience and leisurely atmosphere.  Great place to unwind after doing all the touristy stuff and feel like you're rubbing shoulders with at least a few locals.
2	Oh dear dear dear. This place USED to be nice. But I'm only giving it two stars rather than one for the views out. The food would disgrace a greasy spoon or burger bar. It may LOOK as if it's going to be nice, but don't be fooled. I ordered a burger, which was thin, dry, nasty cheap meat, on the cheapest possible white roll with a couple of slivers of tomato. No chips, as I'd foolishly expected. And get this, no sauces or relishes available. The waiter brought me salad dressing as the only thing they had! On a burger??? My partner's veggie pie was somehow both soggy and hard, and quite tasteless, disgusting. Oh, and their "birthplace if Harry Potter" claim either. JK may have gone their a few times, but her main haunt was on Nicoson Street. It's obvious they get plenty of customers so I guess they are just so cynical they don't feel they have to bother with providing decent food. But I for one am never going back.
3	the quiche was super tasty and my boyfriend was in love with his vat of carrot and coriander soup. busy, not great seating and a bit cramped. but a nice little place.  they could stand to heat it a bit more, though.
3	after an extensive walking tour of edinburgh, we stopped here to recharge. like every other tourist, we came here because of harry potter. we were pretty lucky; we got a seat by the window with a nice view of the castle. the latte and tea were delicious. the vibe was chill, so was the decor.
4	I visited Edinburgh with my family in summer 2009, and a friend of mine who went to school at the University  suggested I go to the Elephant House once while I was there. I also came across several articles about this place because JK Rowling wrote some of Harry Potter here. Upon entering the dining area you can understand why; the comfortable casual ambiance of the medium sized cafe has a great view of Edinburgh castle, perhaps the most incredible scenic architectural attraction that looks over the beautiful city, and there is a pretty garden just outside.Mine, and my family's lunch was great, nothing to rave about but it was definitely good and tasty.  The elephant shaped cookies were cute and tasty.  But even better than the food was the entertainment laying within the desks and tables!  It was so fun to relax and eat while reading the poems, little stories, and excerpts from other people on their travels.  It was quite amazing.  Of course, we all obliged and wrote something to stick in the desks, contributing to this cafe's unspoken tradition.  Books of all kinds line the shelves, and the furniture often has an elephant carved or painted on it somewhere.  The place is downright adorable.  I do love cafes and this one definitely does it right by having there cashier and orders placed at the front where you walk in, and then you go find a table. The dining area is quite nice, especially since it is not right where people order.  ALSO, like most people I encountered in Scotland, the people working were very nice and asked me if I had my student ID card when I ordered so that I would be able to get 10% off.  I love that!Whenever I end up going back to Scotland, and Edinburgh specifically, I am definitely going to the Elephant House again.
4	This is a cute, cosy cafe in the perfect location just off the Royal Mile. Like everyone else, my friends and I came here for lunch because of the JK Rowling connection after visiting the nearby Spoon Cafe Bistro (also a former cafe where Rowling used to write) and finding the menu too eccentric for us. We were pleased to find that the menu was reasonably priced and really, really good. My chicken tikka baked potato was delicious, as was my smoothie, which I'd been craving all day. The staff was fun and friendly, and the place itself is lovely, with a great view of the castle from the back room (which is said to have inspired Hogwarts). I'll definitely come back if I ever visit Edinburgh again.
3	When I first stumbled upon this cafe, way back in 98-I thought I had found the cafe of my dreams. It was bright, open, and airy with fabulous elephant art and trinkets.  Elephants and coffee are passions of mine so it was Nirvana.  The cappucinos were ideal-strong espresso, lots of froth. It was never TOO crowded.Then came HARRY POTTER.  I must say I'm not a fan but was initially impressed that J.K Rowling supposedly wrote the tome there.  In fact, I would often tell the little white lie that I had actually often seen her writing the thing during my visits to the ELEPHANT cafe.  However the last few times I have visited-The Elli (as I referred to it), things have been different.  First of all-the crowds and queues could have been tolerable perhaps without the computers at the front (a bad sign).  Many other people had laptops.  I just think laptops in cafes are wrong. If you are going to write in cafes, it should brief spurts of inspiration written furiously in longhand.  But I digress.  The back room is still beautiful, but crowded.  The cappucinoes are okay but not what they were.  The front is crammed with crowds and elephant chachka (teeshirts, hats, keychains). Ahh...why aren't things as we remember them.
2	The famous and official birthplace of Harry Potter. And it sure has a very inspiring setting, with a high ceiling yet cosy main room, views to the castle and Herriot's School(allegedly what Hogwarts is based on) and elephants all over the place, plus a late opening. Why so few stars?Firstly, because of the Harry Potter claim, this place has become a popular tourist stop as well as over-merchandised. The service is not good for the prices it demands, with the after 6 seated service to be particular slow- all tables seem to be the waiters blind spots. As for the food, well I had a pizza there with a friend and it was basically overpriced soggy cardboard. In another occasion I tried the fajitas- also disappointing. Moreover, the coffee service during the day was particularly unfriendly and impatient. However, I have to admit their French coffee is good. And their late opening hours in a scenic atmosphere are appealing for those who like a quiet evening or read/write. After all, if JK Rowling was inspired maybe it can rub off? The tables are actually quite ideal for this, not to mention the stunning views of the castle from their large windows. If only there were separate stars to give to ambience this place would get 5! The waiters seem to have many blind spots in the room, but having similar work experience myself, I can completely understand why customers can become invisible. Just make sure you wave enough. If you do decide to trek here, avoid the lunch hours, as they get to be quite hectic, finding a table is unreliable and the noise level is quite high because of its high ceilings.(and too many small kids)This cafe also has a cousin, Elephants and Bagels which is to my opinion a lot more friendly and less "stuck-up" about famous visitors.
3	This is the supposed home and birth place of JK Rowlings Harry Potter, and because of this it has become a massive tourist trap, for those who seem to think that JK might be there penning her next creation. And yes, the Elephant House is an insperational place to write - if you manage to get in here away from the tourists, you will find a nicely decorated cafe with beautiful views, a friendly atmosphere and nice staff. Get it on a bad day, and you will enter a place that is too crowded, hot, slow and a bit nightmarish if im frank.The food here really seems to have gone down hill as well, in my first year Elephant House being so close to the uni was my breakfast port of call - but now the food seems over priced, and generally a bit crap - i really didnt enjoy my paninni and coffee.The Elephant House seems to have given itself to the tourists, and really gone down hill.
4	A legendary coffee house on the Edinburgh scene, where travellers, students, tourists, locals, writers and everyone congregates for some caffeine infused chit chat. Having a brilliant passing trade position on George IV Bridge is always going to give anywhere a helping hand with popularity, but to be honest, I doubt The Elephant House really needs a boost in that sense, as it's pretty laid back, charming and very enjoyable all by itself.The coffee is great, as are the teas, delicious looking cakes and savoury food menu. I devoured the chilli dish of the day, plus a chamomile tea, the last time I was in. With the wide and light spaces, and big tables filled with a mixture of bustle and types of people, it's always a real pleasure to come in here, as you feel like there's always something good happening and a bit of creativity going on. Maybe it's just because I miss being a student a wee bit, but I do like overhearing students doing their uni work and having heated debates about whatever topic they're studying. A chilled out place to discuss, work, blether, or think.
2	So apparently JK Rowling often wrote Harry Potter here. I think you need to be a true Potter head to give a hoot about that. I don't understand the big deal. Do Harry Potter fans hope by coming here they will bump into JK? Or Harry Potter will be working there? It all seems very odd to me. Because of this "connection" with Harry Potter, Elephant House does a roaring trade. Goodness knows why because it's a standard cafe selling mediocre cakes and coffee. There are a hundred better (quieter) cafes in Edinburgh, so unless you are a die hard Harry Potter fan there is not reason to go here. In fact even if you are a die hard Harry Potter fan there is no reason to go here, unless you are expecting a wizard to appear and bestow upon you great wealth similar to that of JK.
2	As previous reviewers have mentioned, it's rather ridiculous that Elephant House seems to milk all it can out of the fact that J.K Rowling wrote Harry Potter here. She probably wrote one page or something and it's pretty ridiculous the prices that this place charges just because they know Harry Potter fanatics will pay them just because they want to say they've been here. I agree with many of the other reviewers, unless you're really really into Harry Potter then give this place a miss, everything about it is standard... apart from the prices which are extortionate.Elephant House overlooks Greyfriars graveyard and I went on a ghost walk there once only to be informed, yet again that Elephant House was the birth place of Harry Potter. Enough already!
5	I hear this is where JK Rowing wrote Harry Potter.Famous history aside, this place is actually pretty cool. It's quite chic in its own little way. It's always busy due to afore mentioned claim to fame, but it's always really lovely too. If you're lucky enough to get a seat then stick with it until the doors are closing. Only once have I managed to get a seat and sat there for hours - it was brilliant.It's definitely the sort of place to bring your brothers and sisters and mums and dads to show them Edinburgh. it's lovely.
5	So you are in Edinburgh and you want somewhere to have a nice breakfast....why not try The Elephant House....In short:1) great food (kinda important);2) nice decor - there are elephants EVERYWHERE;3) nice atmosphere - a mix of both locals and tourists; and4) great history (someone penned the small art-house book series about a boy wizard here).The price is right too and the food was good...I mentioned the food right?Whilst the staff were nice I felt that they were understaffed and that this kinda spoilt things a little. This should not be taken to mean that the staff there were not doing their job properlly - this place was busy and the staff were like Scottish versions of Road Runner....keep up the good work guys....Beep Beep.Okay that wasn't really a short review but I can be long winded.
2	The way some people talk about The Elephant House you would think it was going to lead us to the promised land. I have never really understood the delirium. For a start I'm not going to mention the "HP" word (clue: I'm not talking about the sauce).The Elephant House does have some appeal. Yes its central location and large space are appealing, but that's somewhat negated if you can never find a seat and it takes half a day to ques. Yes its late opening hours are a great idea in a city where the only place you can go after 8pm is the pub or bed, but whats the appeal if your only option is overpriced coffee (which you probably still have to que for). Yes it seemingly has a good range of lunchtime snacks, but that's not much good if the portions are so small you question the fact you just ordered a meal, and so overpriced you need to get a second job to make up for it.Maybe I've just been unlucky, maybe it's because of all the hype it was easy to feel let down. But i have always found The Elephant House to be offer pricey small portions of average food. It's fine if you can avoid the crowds but otherwise there are plenty of alternatives nearby.
4	Wizards aside, there are other reasons to visit The Elephant House.  I do believe that many people visit it because of the quality of what is offered, rather than purely because someone (supposedly) wrote some books there.  I've been here a few times now, and have enjoyed each one.  It does tend to be busy, especially in the summer with all the tourists, but come in the winter during term time, and it's the perfect hideaway for that last minute essay-writing session.I think that coming into this place without knowledge of the wizard-based hype is the best thing to do.  The food is fairly standard cafe-bistro style, and has always satisfied me in quenching hunger.  This place enjoys a great view of the castle from an assortment of different tables in the back area, with a few tables near the main servery at the front.I'm pleased that The Elephant House has stuck to its roots, with lots of elephant-based things.  I wouldn't have wanted it to turn into some big Harry Potter shrine, as that would ruin what is a lovely little cafe.  I hope that they keep it this way.  I think if it changed, I would stop going.
2	Once upon a time, Ian Rankin, JK Rowling and Alexander McCall Smith used to go to The Elephant House to sit and write over endless cups of coffee. Lord knows what any of them would think if they went back for an espresso or latte now. Aside from the terrible service and permanently stressed looking staff, the place is so darn busy it's difficult to get a table. Spring to summer especially, the cafe is jam-packed with tourists desperate to secure a seat with views of the Castle. To make it worse, there's merchandise everywhere you look, the music is insipid and there's a live webcam opening til closing time so strangers across the world can watch as you eat your lunch! The biggest disappointment however, has to be the food and drink. On paper, soup, panninis, pitta, quiche and baked potatoes sounds quite promising but I suspect from tasting the last two that everything is part cooked in advance then microwaved. The coffee I ordered was equally bland and frothy. Free Wi-Fi or not, The Elephant House are going to have to raise their game if they want to inspire a new generation of writers!
2	I didn't decide to go here because of the whole "birthplace of Harry Potter" thing, but if you're into the books, that's probably pretty cool. I met friends there, and I'm told we were sitting at the same table where J.K. Rowling used to sit and write. It's kind of neat, but not enough to make me love the place. The place itself is okay. Not great, but okay.The food doesn't suck, but it's not all that great, either, especially at those prices. Things that'd make the experience better:1. Coffee that's actually hot, instead of lukewarm2. Dressing on the salad instead of dry greens, or at least other options for sides instead of a dry salad3. Lower prices. If you go, go because you're a Harry Potter fan or because you like the view of the castle. That way, you're getting a little more for your money because you're getting a tourist attraction as well as something to eat. If you go just because you're wandering around Edinburgh in search of a bite to eat, move on. You can do a lot better.
3	I was SO excited when I saw this restaurant because I was a huge Harry Potter fan!  Yes, I was a tourist and I had absolutely no shame taking pictures of everything I saw - particularly the view of the Edinburgh Castle that inspired Hogwarts and the window where J.K. Rowling sat to write her early novels.With that aside, The Elephant House was just another cute cafe to me.  It was extremely packed though.  It took a while to order and get our food because there's always a ridiculous line of tourists.  The back room was where ended up eating because we wanted that same view of the castle.  Unfortunately, our experience was crippled by the horrible service, and the tables were quite disgusting and sticky.  When we finally got our food, my sandwich was a bit dry and bland, and my tea wasn't very hot either..Overall, I think this cafe was more of a Harry Potter tourist spot than anything else.  Without the crowds, I'm sure it would be a relaxing place to read or meet up with friends.
3	Lovely views of the castle and a decent place to get an afternoon snack and a pot of tea. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Baked Potato. I love Chicken Tikka Masala, so throw that on top of a baked potato on a chilly day, along with a cup of tea and I'm the happiest person that can be. My sister and I weren't super impressed with the quality of the hot drinks - she had a mocha that people had recommended but said it was really only so-so. I had an espresso affogato which was pretty good, but not amazing. When we came another day, we had the Scottish Breakfast Blend - a house specialty, and that was quite tasty. So I would definitely recommend the tea over the coffee drinks.The prices are decent and the service pretty okay, so overall, a nice place to relax in the afternoon. I can definitely see how J.K. Rowling found this to be the perfect creative environment to write Harry Potter.
3	Claiming to the birthplace of Harry Potter is a blessing and a curse for The Elephant House. It attracts hoards or tourists who might not wander this far from the Mile otherwise, who then mix with (and it doesn't always work out for the best) with locals who want to catch up with friends or a central meeting spot.Because they can rely on a steady stream of trade, the service standards aren't the best and they can get away with the food and drinks being fairly average. The Stromboli we had was quite bland and the chai lattes with treated ourselves were, well, not a treat after all.Still, it's a busy little spot to rest in, with great views of the castle, but there are better places nearby which don't rely on selling themselves out for business.
4	The birthplace of Harry Potter!  One of the highlights of our trip.We went expecting to get just coffee and ending up eating lunch there.  Mom and I were both more than a little impressed.  I had a cafe mocha, lemon muffin, baked potato and a side salad (yes i am still greedy).  Nothing disappointed.  It was all tasty.  Best of all, all of this stuff cost only 11 pounds.  Not bad at all.Inside they have a lot of articles about the coffee house in general and about JK Rowling.  It's such a cool - can't miss - place if you ever visit Edinburough.The staff is very nice, friendly and helpful.  It reminds me of a place in Berkeley - kind of hippyish.  I can see why JK spent so much time there.
2	Don't bother. I ordered a hot chocolate, a relatively simple affair and it tasted like hot water. I've experienced much better at Starbucks, the AMT stand at Haymarket and (gasp) Costa. That's pretty bad if all of them can beat an independent.It clearly relies on the Harry Potter tourism and doesn't need to make much of an effort. It clearly shows in the end product and service. Such a pity, as it's a lovely place inside and would be nice to sit in. But why bother giving them business with such an attitude?
1	To be honest, it can't be worst than this! Everything was bad, coffee, food , place... I'd rather flush my money down the toilet than to go to this place again.
2	Sigh. Birthplace of Harry Potter..... using this as the only tag-line to draw people in I was pretty safe in the assumption i was going to hate it. And don't I love it when I am right.A chum of mine who studies english literature and is a complete potter-nutter came through to visit me on my first week in Edinburgh and she was pretty keen to give this a go. Knowing that I hated it I smiled and nodded hoping it wouldn't be too cliche, and that they might at least have some good coffee. Once we arrived it didn't seem too potter-mad, and we joined what was a reasonable sized queue for what felt like forever!?!? They had several members of staff but only the ONE taking orders, making drinks, plating up cakes, and doing the till. Hence, a very long wait. Once we had finally been served I ordered a cappuccino and a piece of carrot cake. We then found ourselves some seats near the front. This is another thing I do not like - had it been anywhere else I would have ordered and got my friend to grab some seats. But no not here, this is not 'allowed'...... well I don't want to end up buying your poor coffee and average cake to find I have nowhere to sit!? Surely I deserve that at least.The rant continues - the toilets- SORT THEM OUT. They are covered in graffiti about how harry potter has changed lives....... yawn. Its a book, and to be honest it just makes the toilets seem filthy. Even my over excited friend said, and I quote - that's just weird. Even I love Harry Potter, but that is just too far. Think it sums it all up pretty nicely.
5	How does this place have 3 stars?! Ya'll are cray cray. Listen - this was my favorite dining spot on my most recent trip to europe (which included 5 countries). Not because the food was the most spectacular ever, but it was pretty darn good. Paired with the cute ambiance, local attitude, and notoriety for Harry Potter's birth place - this place deserves a 5! I remember what I ordered 5 months ago. I had this great little salad with light dressing, salty salmon, and tasty bread. Loved it. I sat and journaled here, soaking up the inspiration as I wrote. It was pretty cool to look around this cafe and think: "This is where Harry Potter was figuratively conceived." I would come here time and time again if I could. I would love to try all of the other yummies on the menu. Bottom line - good food, service, vibe, ambiance, and quality.
2	I was a bit worried that a horde of Harry Potter fans would seek me out and cause me harm if I wrote a poor review for this place, but judging by the other comments I'm certainly not alone in my misgivings. Chaos when ordering, weak coffee and a lack lustre menu, together with an overall sense of rush to get out left me feeling more than a little let down. I remember coming here years ago to see a mate play in a band and was quite taken with the setup.  Less so now.  It's little wonder Rowling sought escape in fantasy fiction if reality can be this depressing.
4	Having avoided this place at first, due to the threat of tourists and a milion Harry Potter fans, I found myself meeting friends here on a Thursday after work. I was sceptical at first as the ordering point was chaotic and it took awhile to get an order taken but once I was served I was impressed. A tapas style board arrived with olives, tortilla and mediterrean veggies - yum and all gluten free (if the bread is not added to it). A great range of cakes is available and I was impressed there were around 5 choices of proper gluten free cake (Victoria sponge, almond cake, chocolate cakes), and not just the usual chocolate brownies.For locals wanting to try it, I suspect a non busy time such as late afternoon mid-week would mitigate some of the issues mentioned in previous reviews but I have already recommended The Elephant House to other friends.
4	Great atmosphere! Had a cappachino and tea. Didn't try the food. No free internet either. Good place to warm up and have a warm drink.
4	Over a year living in the Old Town of Edinburgh, and not yet visited The Elephant House. What sort of Edinburgher am I?Thinking about it, it's probably because when I normally pass it's totally mobbed from around 11am onwards for lunch and afternoon coffee opportunities. And it is generally mobbed with tourists who want to visit 'the birth place of Harry Potter'. In fact, it seems to be a pilgramage point for all HP fans, which isn't more evident than in the Ladies toilets (I can't speak for the Gents) where the walls are a veritable written temple to both JK and HP - one of which amusingly said "What did Scotland have before Harry Potter?!" No comment.Anyway. Luck would have it that at 9.30am on a Wednesday morning it's much quieter. With the need for a good breakfast I popped in here and was pleasantly surprised. It's really, really big out back (well much bigger than I thought) with really big tables too. So plenty space to sprawl and even more impressive that it's packed most days when it's so big.Breakfast wise, there was a good selection although they didn't have pancakes. Sad face. And they don't do fried eggs, only scrambled (I feel this is worth pointing out if you're a fried / poached fan such as myself). But the roll I had with bacon and scrambled was grand, and the Full Scottish opposite me looked like it hit the spot - especially the sausages.Kudos for the super large pot of tea with fresh tea leaves that was VERY strong by the end. The cakes also looked amazing.I can imagine that when it gets super busy, the less than stellar reviews come from slightly sloppy service due to rushed staff. But catching this place early morning when it's quiet, with lovely tunes on the stereo (Fleetwood Mac and Leonard Cohen anyone) and lots and lots of ELEPHANTS (I really like elephants), regardless of whether the Immaculate Conception of HP happened here or not, I was a happy wee camper here.
3	We had lunch at The Elephant House during a day wandering around Edinburgh. We had tried to go for dinner the night before, but were told they weren't serving food. Hmph.We ordered our food at the counter and were then seated in the back - not right at the window, but at a table with a decent view of Hogwarts - I mean Edinburgh Castle. ;)Hubby & I split the soup of the day - Spicy Homemade Meatball. This was our favorite thing we ate all day! YUMMERS. Spicy & hot & delicious & perfect for a cold day exploring the city. The bread that came with it was nothing spectacular. We also split the special BBQ Chicken Panini and Lamb & Mint Pie with gravy & mashed potatoes. The panini was good - but nothing spectacular or special - and the lamb pie was hot with a delicious crust. Basically everything you expect a lamb pie to be.I can see why JKR sat here. The coffees are under 2 pounds and it's cozy with, obviously, amazing views.Be sure to check out the bathrooms, which have been covered in graffiti exulting the wonders of Harry Potter.
3	Being the obsessed Harry Potter fan that I am, I had to visit The Elephant House, famous for being the site where JK Rowling would slowly nurse her coffee while writing the Harry Potter books. The girl's bathroom was completely covered with comments from adoring fans and there was a nice coffee shop vibe.I had the rocket salad with lox. It was pretty standard, though there was way too much olive oil on it. I also shared the Veggie Antipasti Platter. The roasted sweet potatoes and mixed salad were great! However, the egg tortilla was too bland and needed copious amounts of pepper. The toasted bread that came with my salad and the platter was good and I am always glad when the butter is slightly melted and easier to spread.Service was friendly, but a bit slow. The real appeal of The Elephant House is that it is the birthplace of Harry Potter and if you are a huge Harry Potter buff, it's nice to check out.
4	There's nothing special about Elephant House. Except of course THE FRIGGIN' MAGIC OF HARRY POTTER.Oh, and they have a decent affogato.
2	I had a meat pie with mashed potatoes and a "relaxer" coffee and it came to 8 pounds.  The food was not horrible but it was pretty bland.  I got a window seat (view of a chunk of Edinburgh castle) at a share table with strangers... The view really wasn't that great either.
4	Yes, the Elephant House is lovely, and yes, it has a good atmosphere, but listen up: do not attempt to go in on a rainy Wednesday afternoon after 5. It's so crowded it took 20 minutes just to get a seat! (My partner in coffee crime had suggested we meet there and I was loathe to hop back out into the rain again).Having said that, nomnomnom, good coffee. There are several ways to get me happy and not burning the coffee or milk it comes with, is definitely one of them. I was pleasantly surprised as I really didn't expect anything too impressive coffee-wise, mainly because of the touristy nature of the place. Boy was I wrong. It's lovely, and cozy, and good for conversations that last for hours, and, yes, on a rainy afternoon I fully understand why half of Edinburgh wants to hide within these four walls. It's just too popular for it's own good, that's all.
5	I did not know that it was where J K Rowling wrote Harry Potter when I found the place... That changed after a trip to its toilet and a quick Google search.It's often packed, the food is good and the staff are friendly.I've had my fair share of its marvelous cakes, coffee and if you're looking for a real meal... I've enjoyed its chicken salad, and its pizza is pretty decent. The nachos are always a must for my friends and I. The price is slightly above average for a poor scholar but it's worth it as the portions are big enough to share.I can see why it's a lovely place to write in... Not a bad place to hang out, I can totally imagine myself kicking back here... writing...New in Edinburgh? Go for it!
2	Place is kind of a joke- took an hour and a half to get some cold chili/salsa and cold pizza. pretty much only thing to it is the whole harry potter deal, which didn't seem worth it. would've been a nice casual coffee place if cheaper and not packed with tourists (which admittedly i was)
3	Despite its reputation, the Elephant House has failed to impress me over the years.  Long queues, slow service, disappointing food and cakes. I guess you get good views on the castle if sit at the back and the toilets are worth a visit just for all the Harry Potter messages on the wall.But sorry Elephant House, plenty of other places in town offer a much experience.
4	Kind of seems like your basic coffee house, the queues are usually pretty long but once you sit the service is pretty fast. I'm not a huge fan of their pastries, most didn't taste too fresh with exception of the million dollar shortbread. It's usually pretty crowded, mostly due to Harry Potter fans? :)
3	I like the atmosphere of this place and I like the look of the cafe and all the big tables. The toilets aren't the cleanest looking, though the HP fan graffiti doesn't help with this. Yes I am a Harry Potter fan which might have been the reason I went in originally, but I still like to go now and again. It's nice to see all these really excited people in the cafe taking photos of the cafe and its views of the castle. Although having read other reviews of this cafe, it turns out it's not the actual cafe JK Rowling wrote her books in!! I'm not sure how they can use this claim to fame and it is a bit disappointing. It's always incredibly busy and there's often big queues so I avoid it for that reason, but I went in the other day with a friend. They have a sign saying you need to wait to be seated. I was a little reluctant to buy coffee and then find there was no seat but when I asked the waiter he said there would be. I presumed he or someone anyway would show us to a seat, but after we bought our coffees it seemed to be a case of find seats yourself, although my friend ended up asking. I think if they're going to have this sign they should follow through and be there to seat people, rather than letting them stand there aimlessly wondering if they can sit at a table with other people they don't know.
1	I read a JK Rowling bibliography and found out that she had written most of her first HP book in a place called Nicolson's Cafe. I thought it was this one considering how much they advertise it exploiting the image of JK Rowling. Well, I found out that the Nicolson's is actually (and predictably) in Nicolson Street, opposite the University, and it does not use the writer image to make profit. Let alone the annoying fact that the place is always packed with annoying tourists taking picture of every single square inch as if it were a museum, the quality is absolutely disproportionate to the prices. This is a way too expensive cafe with nothing special about it, except for the cheesy "Birthplace of Harry Potter" banner.The birth place of HP was JK Rowling's mind, I think they should focus more on coffee and food quality rather than marketing.
3	I love the Elephant House, mainly for its Harry Potter connections (Harry Potter geek right here!) and have been a few times since I moved to Edinburgh. The decor is cool, with all the elephant related things and again, it is one of those cafes where you can just sit and look at everything (even in the toilets with all the Harry Potter related graffiti) as there is just so much to look at. They also have a really old George IV Bridge Street sign on the wall and have amazing views over the castle.The menu is wide and varied, with a good selection of snacks, sandwiches and cakes and hot/cold drinks. I was there for breakfast a few weeks ago and had a delicious hot croissant filled with cheese and ham - yum!So far, so good, so why the 3 stars? Unfortunately service is always really slow...As I went for breakfast on a Saturday, you had to queue at the bar to order (no problem there) but there was a huge queue so I had to wait around 10 minutes to be served. Very slow. The staff also did not really seem to want to be there and were complaining about it being busy - surely that's a good thing?As the cafe extends around a corner, you also cannot see if there are seats so could end up buying a coffee and there not being a seat which is a pain.So it's a shame as I love this place, but 3 stars is fair given the slow service and queues. Sadly, even with the Harry Potter connections there are better cafes around.
1	This was sincerely the absolute worst food that I have ever been served in a restaurant. EVER.While the staff is lovely and the allure of the Harry Potter legacy make for whatever little charm The Elephant House has, it was not nearly enough to counter the truly horrendous food: the hamburger I ordered had blue mold growing on it and no, that is not an exaggeration. Even had it not been rotten meat that was served on a stale bun, the burger patty was clearly a cheap pre-made frozen grocery store product of D grade quality. It was served with a piece of wilted lettuce, on a stale bun with a side of equally stale, plain potato chips (crisps).I can't think of a more horrific food experience. It was embarassing.I love Harry Potter and JK Rowling but this place deserves a big miss.Sorry.
2	Made famous only by the Harry Potter phenomenon, the Elephant House is somewhere you use the bathroom, as oppose to good food. Our sandwiches were really disappointing (oily, way too much cheese), the floors in the main dining hall were slanted in a non-hipster unflattering way. The bathroom trip saved me from giving out a 1 star review - the entire bathroom (for the ladies anyway that I can vouch for) is completely covered with Harry Potter fan notes, if the toilets weren't made out of porcelain, I can bet that it would be completely ink-covered as well.
1	Terrible experience. Line was only 10 long but it took 45 mins since service was very slow. Lots of workers but few were helping us customers.
2	So after a year of walking past this place I finally went in today seeing there wasn't a MASSIVE CROWD! I mean common people just cause Harry 'Worthless" Potter was written here doesn't make it a huge national monument! The place is average at best. The staff didnt seem to helpful if not a little weird. You had to have a member seat you . I thought that was weird for a cafe. The prices seem a little high but I guess when your a national monument you can demand high prices for average food. The plus side of the food was they had a good selection of meals and cakes and whatnot. You can also get a wee pint . But they dont do ice coffee which I thought was strange as well. The coffee was ok as well at least it wasn't burnt I suppose. The decor is cool though I like elephants and they had TONS of elephants all over the place which is very fitting of the name. And the music was totally my style, Bob Marley and Bob Dylan so I liked that. But other then that I was not impressed, although I will come back again to try the place seeing as how its so popular , but for me food doesn't taste better just because some celebrity used this place as her haunt. Just saying....
3	I realised, after my last review, that I've still never reviewed the Elephant House. I'm not sure how as I bring most people here when they're visiting me."Do you really?" I can hear you thinking. "But you've given it three stars!" Well, yes. As a cafe, it's not so hot. It's kind of expensive, although it's a lovely space. The service is as quick as it can be, given that it's almost always heaving in here with tourists wondering which table J K Rowling used to sit at. The cakes are fine. The hot chocolate is fine. It's just a nice place.It's funny, but when you're inside you wouldn't necessarily know this was "the place". The theme is, fittingly, elephants. There are elephants everywhere. It's quite sweet. People don't come for the elephants, though. They come for the magic.The Elephant House, you see, touts itself as The Birthplace Of Harry Potter. Everyone knows the tale - that Jo Rowling, a penniless single mother, used to spend hours in an Edinburgh cafe, writing the book about a boy wizard that would, once published, lift her almost overnight to international literary superstardom. Well, the Elephant House, like many other establishments in Edinburgh, claims to be that cafe. Unlike many other establishments, however, here people have bought into the story. The tourists are fully invested in it. You can see how, gazing out of the large window at the back directly onto the majestic crags of the castle, someone might conceive the notion of Hogwarts.On the website, there's even an interview with the writer from shortly before the publication of the second book, filmed at the cafe (which incidentally is worth a watch because it's endearing how thrilled she is with sales that now pale in comparison to current figures). Now, I don't want to get into a discussion on the nature of truth; this is a cafe review. BUT - whether or not it's true that she actually wrote there is, I think, not important. What's important is that everyone believes it. It's got a kind of truth of its own. Which leads me on to why I bring everyone here for a quick cup of tea, despite the big crowds, the big prices, the fact that while the food is pleasant there are many other places doing much nicer stuff nearby...The toilets. You have to go into the toilets.Obviously, I don't know what the men's loo is like, but if it's like the ladies', then it's a strangely uplifting experience. The walls are covered in graffiti: scribbled letters of gratitude, love and affection to the writer who changed the world and to the characters who are so real to so many. There are silly references, in-jokes about in-jokes, sketchy doodles and deeply heartfelt missives of appreciation, and never has finding words of love written on the wall of a public toilet been so innocent and so beautiful. Hogwarts might be fictional, but the magic here is real.
4	A great location, right in the heart of Edinburgh, this place is usually pretty full.  As I am not a fan of coffee myself, I usually had tea or hot cocoa.  They often have specials, so be sure top check out the menu.  This place is of note because J.K. Rowling wrote some of her Harry Potter series there.
3	I enjoyed coming to Elephant House. Being a massive Harry Potter fan this was on staple on my tourist agenda. The food is decent, nothing special but perfectly edible. Order the cheesecake and make sure you head into the bathrooms. Afterwards go to the cemetery and try to find Tom Riddle's grave.
2	I can see why JK ended up writing 7 books. She was probably up to the final draft of Deathly Hallows before she got served!We came here in off season and it was a situation of more staff than customers. Seven of us walked in wanting something hot. It took at good half an hour before all seven of us had out drinks and were sitting down to drink them. The service was so abysmally s-l-o-w! So many staff members but our orders were taken and made one by one by the same gentleman while the rest of us just stood there. Hot chocolate was pretty overpriced but still hit the spot!
4	The Elephant House is a must for any Harry Potter fan visiting Edinburgh.There's some debate regarding whether or not The Elephant House's ties to J.K. Rowling are genuine but the cafe definitely uses the connections to its advantage.Drinks are good! Pastries are good as well. It's a little pricier than your typical cafe and it's touristy. They do have a lovely view of the castle though so it's a nice place to spend an afternoon over a cup of tea. No free wifi, however.Be sure to check out the bathrooms if you go! Lots of HP graffiti and be sure to bring a pen or sharpie with you to add something of your own!
3	Ambiance: A lot of sunlight and warmth from numerous plants through out the space. Great for enjoying a bookMocha: the worst mocha I've had. It looked perfect after making it, picture disclosed. However while watching the barista make the drink I noticed a packaged powder chocolate mix was used. After tasting it now I know why I prefer chocolate syrup over a powder mix. Lacked flavor completely. I tried to finish it but decided I'd rather have my calories go towards something more enjoyable. Service/staff: friendly and professional. I would go back for the cozy environment and try something else, just would not recommend the mocha.
3	The chocolate cake tasted like a stale Tastycake. Which isn't that bad, but it's not good either. We were seated fairly quickly, but the staff spent the rest of our visit gossiping in the front. We could have written a book in the amount of time we waited. The only magic here is how they managed to look so busy without actually doing anything. Three stars for Azcaban's cafeteria.
3	I never made it in through the door here as the line was so long!  It seems like a nice cafe, but I wouldn't come here during peak tourist season (i.e., most of the summer).Plus, there's no wifi.
5	I am going to be completely honest. With that birthplace of Harry Potter sign in the front, I thought this place would be a tourist trap. Especially with that beautifully pretentious 'we only serve arabica not robusta beans' sign on their menu. I love Elephant House though. And in my four years at Edinburgh it is easily one of my favorite cafes. Their breakfasts are reasonably priced and delicious, and the coffee.. so rich (thank you for only using arabica). This place is definitely not a tourist trap, and with that view of the castle, I can see why JK Rowling went here to write her novels.
3	The atmosphere is fantastic, and great views of the Castle. The food is alright, basic, needs to be a little bit more flavorful. If you are stopping by to grab some coffee, its fantastic, if you want lunch, skip it.
5	I first came here for breakfast after spotting it near my hotel ... I saw it was where JK Rowling wrote Harry Potter, which is cool, and the name/theme of the cafe is elephants which is also cool. But I had such a nice experience I came back here for lunch the next day too. They have classic cafe food here everything I've had was great and they give it little touches like herbs and such which is very nice. It is also a perfect spot to write, sketch, chat ... Bonus if you did come here for Harry Potter don't forget to go to the toilet and add your mark to the Harry Potter graffiti.
