4	The Lodge has what every one is looking for in a bar in Scottsdale - good bar food, sports on the TV's, comfy booths, a pool table, unassuming interior, etc.  Walking in the front door, past the 2 huge wood carved bigfoot (and a small one), lies the interior of a quentissential backwoods lodge.  Antlers for chandeliers - check, barstools made of solid wood - check, split wood walls - check, moose on the fireplace - check, yes, you are in for a good night out at The Lodge.
5	This will be my new lunch time hangout!  The Lodge has a nice variety of food.  Something for everyone.  We had Potato skins as an appetizer with a terrific cheese dip.  For lunch we had a  Viena Polish Sausage with caramelized onions, taco salad and chef salad and fries.  Everything was great.The service is fast and friendly.  I love the atmosphere.  It reminds me of a fishing lodge in Canada or Alaska.  Very comfortable, TV's on the wall and a pool table and couches in the back.  The music is eclectic, playing one great song after another from many eras and genres.  Just a great place to hang out!The prices are very reasonable as well.Already looking forward to my next visit!!!!
5	Having just returned from a ski trip to BeaverCreek Colorado, I found The Lodge to be that perfect bar to make me feel as though Scottsdale was NOT where I was eating at 1am in the morning.....This is a pretty coolplace with rustic wood all around.  Some deep leather lounge furniture in a side room with some arcade games.....Plenty of bar stools, cute as hell bartenders and ski/snow board videos playing on plasmas...They have Guinness on tap....which I am a sucker for....Having worked Saturday evening until 12 am, I arrived at the Lodge about 1hour later.....the chef put together a quick dinner for me (even though i think they were through cooking for the night).  I jokingly asked for a chiken parm dish and 15 minutes later I was eating that exact order at the bar!!  Thank you for being so accomodating LODGE MANAGEMENT!This place has a great rustic feel to it.....I kinda wonder how it will feel in the middle of July, but for now...winter time, I'm LOVIN it!   Great concept for an old FirstWatch breakfast joint!!   No need for me to wish this place luck in this down economy...the prices are right....the food is varied (I mean shit, I had a chikn parm that wasnt even on the menu) the drinks are a flowin' and the crowd is more than GOOD looking.
5	The coolest new bar of 2008.The Lodge is located in Old Town Scottsdale in the location that once housed First Watch, but has been empty for a few years. It is modeled after a ski lodge, obviously, like others have said but it is done in such a cheesy way that it is awesome. There is pine everywhere, the place smells like winter, and the drinks are not too expensive. The back room has couches, games, and pool. There are plenty of tvs to watch the game, and plenty of booths on the side for larger parties. All of the servers I encountered were friendly and helpful, but our waitress was obviously overwhelmed by our party of 25 last night. She actually brought me another beer after I asked her to close my tab. She was very nice and offered to take it back but I drank it anyway. They also should have done something for bigger restrooms. 2 urinals, 1 stall, and 1 sink are not nearly enough for this bar. Hell, it's not enough for a bar half this size. I hate to imagine what girls have to go through for waits. This bar seemingly is not scottsdale, but thats only on the surface. The people that come here I honestly believe went out and bought their flannel and fur before coming here, just so they could look like mountain people. Scottsdale douchebags will always be douchebags.
5	SUPER FUN!!!  It was my second time going to this small divey type bar...and I really love it!   I went with 6 friends to watch the Cardinal game on Saturday.  This place is laid back and adorable as it feels that you have just spent the day skiing in Aspen and now it is time to enjoy a cocktail or 2 with friends.  Very inexpensive, yummy food, great large TVs, pool table couches and yes even a faux fireplace!  I love the antler chandeliers and the moose head over the front door.  Ask for Casey....he is a great waiter and will take care of you!
4	Had lunch here Saturday afternoon.  If you have ever been to First Watch when it was here, you would not recognize the interior.  The building has been completely remodeled to give a cozy lodge feel.  I'm talking Scottsdale cozy lodge keep in mind.  There's a double-sided fireplace at the entry-electric, not wood-burning, but still a nice touch.  Lots of comfy chairs and booths.  They were playing a variety of music, but probably more 70's rock than anything else.The menu is pretty standard bar fare.  Appetizers include everything you would expect-wings, cheese sticks, nachos, soft pretzels, etc.  There are a nice variety of salads and sandwiches, including bratwurst, meatloaf. and philly cheesesteak.  That about sums it up.  The menu doesn't change at dinner, although we were told they have a breakfast menu on Sundays.  There are also $3 drink specials and 1/2 price appetizers for happy hour.The steak salad looked tasty, but I had the portobello mushroom sandwich with blue cheese.  An herb aioli, lettuce, and tomato completed it.  Overall it was a good sandwich but didn't knock my flip-flops off.  I think there could have been more inspiring toppings other than lettuce and tomato.  I had sweet potato fries as my side.  They were crispy and delish.  Most items on the menu were under $10, practically unheard of in Scottsdale.Service was excellent, other than a period in between drinks and the server taking our order.  She seemed to disappear for a bit, but was attentive afterward.I love that there is a new option in Old Town for good food and drink at great prices and no need to ho up!
4	Building a Ski Lodge theme restaurant in the middle of the desert can only be construed in one of two ways either your a complete madman deserving of a very long sleeved dinner jacket or brilliant with regard to a tactic respective of Sun Tzu if he was a restaurant owner. You can almost hear him plotting that the idea is so solid that you'll be hitting the cookie cutter contemporary Scottsdale crowd from an angle they will never see  coming, then again maybe they're just crazy.The interior is roomy, comfortable, and even exuded a warm friendly feeling, it stuck me as the kind of place I would gather some friends and might approach a potentially irresponsible level of inhibriation at complete ease. The menu was an assortment of solid bar type food with the necessary additions to keep people interested and coming back to try something different each time. It was a relatively cold day outside so I tried a simple grilled cheese and soup. I thought it was all rather well prepared, mixed cheeses, tomatoes, not too greasy or watered down by the tomatoes. The sweet potato fries I gleefully stole from my wife's plate were also well done. I'll happily return.
3	After visit #2 for dinner this time, I'm knocking off a star.  Same menu as lunch.  This time we had soft pretzels for our appetizer.  I guess I'm spoiled by the soft pretzels at Beaver Street in Flagstaff, because I was really disappointed.  They were nothing special, reminded me of the pretzels you get at the movies.  Not bad, just not great.  I also had the beef dip (same thing as a French dip but served with horseradish sauce).  Again, it was okay but nothing terrific.Where the Lodge really lost points with me tonight was service.  There were plenty of people at the bar, but not so many having meals at tables.  Yet our server was painfully inattentive.  Once our meal was delivered (not by our own server), we never saw her again until after my husband had finished his meal.  We had to flag down another server for a drink refill.  My husband's Port was slow to arrive as well and was eventually brought by yet another server.  Although the food is pretty average and the service obviously lacking at times, the Lodge is still a good unpretentious, inexpensive neighborhood spot to hang out and have a drink.  One odd thing I noticed tonight is that all the servers resemble each other, petite and very dark hair.  Maybe so you can't be sure which one is screwing up??
4	My buddy & I had been doing the evening Scottsdale loop on foot - appetizers, dinner, etc. We were ready to call it a night when Dale the Rickshaw driver offered us a lift. Cool, this guy can probably take us to a new & exciting destination. Friendly Dale peddled like Lance Armstrong while talking up a storm. He showed us three spots right next to each other, the third was hoping and we jump off the Rickshaw and sauntered into the Lodge. I'm glad we did.People were having a good time, standing up, sitting down at tables and hanging out at the bar. We went to the bar, where we found three delightful bar tenders. All the customers were in good spirits and happy to chat away with new acquaintances. We found locals and out towners in for the good vibes. Great way to close out our evening.
4	Four of us ended up here for dinner last night. My first impression of this place was weeks ago, late night, for a quick drink. I enjoyed dining here better...The atmosphere is dark and lodge-like, and I like it. The food is basically above average pub-grub and an excellent value for Scottsdale. Drinks were stiff and service was brisk. We stayed for a couple hours before heading to a birthday party at Drift which is just a few steps from The Lodge, as are a dozen bars and clubs. I think this is a great way to start a night out on the cheap.
3	My date and I decided to try something new and stopped at The Lodge for Happy Hour.  We were really pleased with the prices, and all the bartenders/servers seemed really friendly.  And the deep fried cheese curds were to die for!  (I am from Wisconsin, after all.)  However, the bar stools are INCREDIBLY UNCOMFORTABLE.  We didn't stay long, but thought we liked it enough to try it again...at a table next time.P.S.  We couldn't decide whether to Yelp about the so-scantily-clad-it-was-almost-inappropriate server.  I mean, I know it's a bar and she's working for tips but...geezuz....it made us look around the bar for her pole.
1	The bar itself, for drinks only, is ok.  It's very alpha-male but ok.....I can live with that.The food is TERRIBLE.  Myself and three others ordered different items.  I got the pulled pork...and it was about as good as wendy's.  Even the hamburgers were below average.  Not just me saying this...three of my buddies as well.bottom line -- ok for a beer or two but skip the food for sure.
3	I came here for the first time last night, and it was a okay.  I liked how the place was decorated...all wood like a hunting lodge, but classy and clean.I came here for happy hour, and they had some decent drink specials.  Downer though, was when I went to the bar to order a glass of wine, I stepped on a VERY sticky peice of floor!  EEEEEWWW.  It felt like someone spilled thier drink and no one cleaned it up!  My feet kept sticking and it was disgusting!  Why cant they clean up if someone spills?  It was obviously dry, so its not like it just happened!I did not try the food, but service was fine.  I sat down with some other people,and the server was coming back and forth with food and taking orders regularly.  Also got to see a few scottsdale douchebags here too!!  They were in uniform and everything!  (stripped buttondown top, blue jeans, faux mohawk, pointy shoes.)  Fun if your into people watching that kinda stuff, which I am...lol.Will return again to try the food!
4	Totally love this place! From walking through the front doors to a fresh smell of pine, down to the details; antler chandeliers, tree stump bar stools, fireplace and stuffed javelina along with other random animals.I ordered the grilled cheese with sweet potato fries. YUM! I know what you're thinking, how do you mess up a grilled cheese, but believe me, it can happen. Theirs was pretty good, probably could have picked a different type of bread but overall good, and the sweet potato fries were taking over the plate but soo good!I missed out on the Bar Olympics - which entails flip the cup, video games, quarters and a handful of other games, but definitely looking forward to getting back there for it soon.
4	Step into the Lodge where one can get a feeling of a small town local bar or the Ski Lodge at the bottom of the mountain.  I did not order any food but I noticed that they served lat night I saw food being served after 2pm.  I'll def come back to grab a bit to eat the food looked and smelled great.  I played Jenga with the largest pieces I've ever seen, while people were playing a game of bags behind me.  Way comfortable feeling here.  If you want to escape the Scottsdale clubs take a walk to the Lodge.
4	I dragged my friends here because I was sick and tired of going to the same places.  It is definitely not the usual Scottsdale scene.  Don't get me wrong, I love Old Town, but I needed something different.  The first thing I did was walk up to the bar and somehow I ended up sandwiched between some guys there for a bachelor party.  You know that's always fun.  The bartender was amazing.  Well, she was probably amazing because my friend has a way with the ladies, but I totally benefited from it.  I love when I let the bartender decide what to make and they don't act put out or stare blankly at me with no ideas. Drink in hand, my friends and I decided to check out the back patio.  We sat at a round table and watched people play corn hole.  Is that what it's called here?  I've only played it when visiting family in Indiana and that is what they call it.  I really hate the name, so I hope there is a better one and maybe someday I will find out what it is.Anyway, The Lodge definitely attracts more manlier looking men.  No cheesy button up shirts with metallic skulls and roses across the back or anything like that.  I should warn you ladies though, I encountered a real jerk.  He was of average height, for a woman and sat behind me at one of those round tables outside.  He hit on any cute girl that walked by and asked for their numbers.  Then, after they left he would laugh with his friend about how he was never going to call them.  I wanted to turn around and say, "Hahaha, motherf*cker, they're only indulging you to be nice."  I didn't because I recently decided to practice more restraint.The atmosphere is inviting and unpretentious and the people were open and friendly.  I had a good time and I believe my friends did as well.  I wouldn't go here if you want to see and be seen, I would go here if you want to kick back and have a somewhat casual drink with friends.
4	Is anyone else tired of being forced to Valet your car in Scottsdale?  Ok I can already hear my fellow Yelpers rolling their eyes since I live and go out in Scottsdale but seriously when did it become ok to make a living over public parking?I had a birthday party at the Lodge this weekend and rolled in at 7:30 for dinner.  The valet guy had already roped off the entire Lodge parking lot but hadn't "opened for business" yet.  I pulled into the lot and watched him run over to me, I was perfectly prepared to pay him the $6 for a job he didn't even do but was told I wasn't allowed to park there.  I said I was happy to pay the valet fee but he said he wouldn't open for another 45 minutes so he couldn't take my $$ but also couldn't let me park there?   I love the Lodge, I give them props for being a diamond in the rough of Scottsdale d-bag bars but just because you in the 'Dale doesn't mean you need to stick it to your customers!That being said, we had a kick a$$ time at the Lodge!  They serve good drunk food (even late at night), have a great selection of beer as well as bar games to play.  Of course you have your typical Buck Hunter and Golden Tee but they also have a Wii with Mario Cart up at the bar, just ask if you can play and you'll be there for hours.  They have bags on the outdoor patio and a "giant" drunk Jenga game.  I'll warn you, the Jenga is popular so you WILL have other patrons trying to take it from you.There was a skewed guy to girl ration when I was there but in a bar with stuffed animals (not the Carebear kind) lining the walls, what do you expect?The Lodge is a refreshing change from the typical Scottsdale bar and I'd reco it to anyone in Scottsdale or anyone who has a negative opinion of Scottsdale.  Just try to carpool to save money, you won't find a parking space that doesn't cost you $$$ to park there.
3	Another stop in the Old Town party scene.  This is an enjoyable bar, and the inside is great.  Designed to be a ski or hunting lodge, this establishment is a great "hang out".  It is not a crazy, lets stand up and listen to music that is too loud location.  Rather, it is a great place to hang out with the boys and enjoy some beers.  Watch a game perhaps, or play giant "Jenga".  Who wouldn't want to play a kids game that is super sized.This is a great spot to head out to when you are looking for a crowd, but also want to grab a seat.  The interior has plenty of room, and the patio leaves something to be desired.All in all a good place, but it suffers from a bit of an identity crisis.  Am I here for food and a beer, or am I here to get hammered.  I am still trying to figure it out, but I like what I see.
3	I was too drunk to really remember.  I think I made an ass of myself.  We'll go with 3 stars for now.
4	My hubby and I had lunch there today, we will be going back.  The service was very good and the food was delicious!My husband had the Sasquatch, he enjoyed it very much, but said it was a first time, only time try...it was huge!  I had the Portobello Burger with Herb Aioli....amazing!The restaurant was clean, quiet enough for us to talk, bathroom was very clean as well.  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to Lunch at the Lodge.
2	I did happy hour here two weeks ago with some folks from work, ect (all guys), and was here on one of the others recommendation for the first time.  I have to say it was a sincere disappointment, no good looking servers, very slow service as everyone ran out of their drinks every time before the next one would come, and I got nachos which were a very large portion, but I have had better at sporting events.  All in all, I won't be back (though they did have some very cheap eats for the area, their big deal is a burger and a beer for 3 or 4 bucks I believe)
4	I'd been to The Lodge before on a few occasions for drinks but last night after the OYE was the first time I actually ate there... and I really did eat there - I went for it; I splurged; I ordered a big fat burger and sweet potato fries!I like the atmosphere at The Lodge much better than the clubs in Old Town.  It's not pretentious and I don't feel like you have to be dressed up to go there; it's a more casual kind of place.  Warm and even cozy... sure, it's more of a guy's place but they are not lacking in the female department - they've got plenty of chicks that hang there too - some of them may be getting paid by the hour, but they are still there.I was happy to see a ton of yelpers hanging out when I made my way over to The Lodge last night just after 9pm.  And I was starving, so I put in my order right away... and like I said above, I went for a burger and fries instead of my typical salad.  Unfortunately, I didn't get the burger I ordered.  I requested a burger (cooked medium) with no cheese but with lettuce, tomato, and fried onions.  Instead, I received a burger with cheese, bacon, and who knows what else... but I was so starving that I ate it all and I really enjoyed it too!  And those sweet potato fries?  Yum!Whether you're up for a drink or two, or to splurge on a burger and those sweet potato fries... The Lodge is a great alternative to the Scottsdale scene.  I just hope that next time they get my order right!
3	The Lodge is the manliest of manly bars. And when I say manly I mean, Midwestern manly, put on your camo's and trucker hat, pack up your PBR, jump in the F150 and head out to set up post and shoot some f'n deer... type of manly. There are stuffed animal carcasses and heads everywhere, chandeliers made out of elk antlers, carved wooden bar stools and bears (ahem Adam W.. carved wooden bear alert!) and tree logs used in every way possible to decorate. I think there was also a fire place, but I was so fascinated by the post taxidermy coyote that was posing so mysteriously on the mantle. I guess its because anything dog related I am gravitated to.. either way, its always interesting looking at something so close that you've never seen before. That or I'm 5 years old. Another type of manly is that they use grilled cheese sandwiches as the BUN for a burger my friend ordered. Seriously,  a hamburger patty with all the fixings in between 2 grilled cheese's. Maybe this isnt manly, aside from the ability to be able to devour that much food..  so maybe its just ungodly fatty and unhealthy. Anyone participating in the "Fat Off" should not come here to eat. At all. And anyway I tried that burger, and it wasn't the shit. However, I did enjoy the criss cut fries and their ranch dressing is to die for. I need the recipe now. I crave that flavor.Its an interesting location for a place like this to be.. hidden among the trendy brodeo joints that I avoid like the plague. I liked the rustic feel this place had, and felt like drinking my Makers on the rocks was completely acceptable in a place like this. I don't care if its an 85 year old man drink, I love it and no one at the lodge looked at me like I had 10 heads when i ordered it, like everyone else does at most places I go. Plus Its got an extremely decent outdoor patio area fully equipped with heat lamps for those brisk desert evenings. Waitresses are nice, and cute which is always a plus, and the bathrooms didn't make me gag. So bravo. I don't see this place as becoming a regular stop while in Old Town, but I wouldn't mind going again. They have a super happy hour thing going on.. $3 beers, half price apps, $6 burger & beer.. cant beat that, plus  I love log cabins, and this place certainly reminded me of just that!
3	Giant JENGA!I always want to walk up to it and just push over the tower when someone is seriously focused on it.This place has been fun for me. Get in early so you can actually get served. It seems like with most of the bars in this area, you really have to fight to get some attention at the bar. I really need to show my tits some more. However, I doubt that it will work- they're not that impressive. BUT-- if you're lucky enough, they do have servers that come around to get your drink orders. Most of the time they are slow and stop to flirt or talk to the dudes but it beats pushing your way through the crowded bar space. The Lodge is the place to be when you don't want to shave your legs or dress up. You will probably still be able to hook up with someone but chances are that guy doesn't believe in showering and wears sandals year-round. Drink up!
4	I have been to The Lodge on several occasions, but was reluctant to write a review before I had tried some sort of food item. Beer is pretty much the same everywhere. This was the chosen spot for the post-OYE hang out. Like Nikki F said, this is definitely a man's man bar. There are stuffed cadavers of all sorts of fured and feathered animalia. Obviously by the name they are trying to give you that ski lodge/cabin feel. They have accomplished just that. There were lumberjacks and snow bunnies everywhere you looked. Well, maybe not, but you could picture them. Dallas G and I each got the black bean burger and I'll be damned, it was tasty! Lettuce, tomato,and onion topped the patty. I will say it could use avocado or something, but still good. Tater tots accompanied the burger on the plate. Oh, how tater tots harken back to a simpler time when all you were worried about was whether or not the next GI Joe or Transformers cartoon would be on after school. I think Amber W had some sort of salad, but I wasn't really paying attention.Interesting side note. Two very attractive and scantily clad women were chatting up two Tony Soprano look alikes at the bar. Now, I am not judging these two women, *however*, they appeared to be "on the clock". These guys were not that charming and they certainly weren't that good looking. Brady K and Jared M both confirmed my suspicions.So check out The Lodge. You may just see a hooker.
4	Who can resist antler chandeliers? Not this girl :) Intimate spot to hang out with friends, shoot a game of pool or watch the game. Outdoor patio gets a bit smoky sometimes :( Great staff but they need more, it's tough to get a drink and service sometimes!!
5	We met my uncle and aunt here after meeting at the Hotel Indigo across the lot. We sat at one of their comfortable, roomy booths and had some cold ones. I had a couple Cores Lites and was satisfied. I cannot comment on the food as I didn't have any as I was full from lunch at the Silver Spur (see my review;) but, it smelled wonderful. They have half off appetizers and beers during happy hour.  The small padio outside is perfect for a warm Scottsdale day.  Our server, Michael, was very friendly and knowledgeable. I enjoyed the classic rock and soft rock they had playing. This restaurant/lounge has a cult following and it is easy to see why. So, for good drinks at reasonable prices with friendly service in a casual atmosphere, The Lodge cannot be beat. Keep up the good work guys.!
2	I must be a snobby snobby bitch. Nope... just sober.Trust me, I tried to remedy that as quickly as possible so I could deal with this place. We were there on a Saturday evening around 9. Maybe it's okay as a Sunday day drinking spot but I'll never know,  because I'll never be back.Long story short:I came uncomfortably close to getting into a physical altercation with a man. Yes, all 112lbs of me and some of you will be surprised that I was not the instigator. I was NOT. You know that look.... that certain "sociopath" type look that serial killers have; the eyes are set a little too close together and their head slightly resembles a loaf of bread, pinched in at the temples. Well that's this guy....annnnnnd all of his equally roided out homies. The experience was actually scary and I don't scare easily. "Killer" wasn't the only reason for the sour taste in my mouth. The place was a little campy/cheesy and not really in the way I like. I can't really put my finger on it but it just wasn't my thing. The service was slow but the place was packed to the gills with every ass clown on the planet, so I'll cut them some slack there. We wanted to eat but there was no place to sit, as any of the open tables had reserved signs on them. Oh........reallllly, bottle service anyone? LAME I'm not sure if that was the case or not, it just seemed douchey and try hard. ShockingI will say one thing. This experience and the few others that I've had leading up to it have made me come to terms with something very special. I don't belong here and by here I mean Scottsdale. Unless of course someone would like to take me to City Hall for a sexy steak dinner. That's my idea of a good time. I doubt highly I'll fear getting punched in the face at Mastro's. Fuck I'm old....
4	Weezer, Sublime, old gangster rap, oh my! The music in this place is fantastic!! I hit up The Lodge on Friday night for happy hour and was really pleasantly surprised! Not only did they have an amazing playlist of tunes, but the food was delicious, and the beer selection was decent. I ordered the black bean veggie burger with waffle fries and scarfed it all down in record time. Sometimes black bean burgers come out too soft and fall to bits as you attempt to shovel it into your mouth, but not my burger from The Lodge. It was firm with lots of flavor, and the yogurt sauce that came on the side was really good! I would happily recommend this to any veggie-heads out there. The service was a little slow during happy hour, so we made a point of ordering our next round when the waitress was dropping off our most recent round. But once happy hour was over, the service was more consistent, and all servers were friendly. The giant jenga looked pretty entertaining, and was really popular all night long. The people watching from the patio was great too! I'll definitely be coming back for another happy hour burger in the near future.
4	Spending just an hour shooting pool, I thought this place was a cool place to just hang out with friends.  I would consider going back.
4	I truly enjoyed spending time here. Had a blast playing giant jenga!
3	Oh the Lodge.  Very casual.  Very stinky!  Life size Jenga game in the back! Awesome, drunk board games (even better when life size) are so much fun!Lotsa seating.KITCHEN WAS STILL OPEN EVEN LATE!!! Score for the food!That's all.
4	This is the exact place I love to hate. But I can't. I cannot hate you, Lodge. I just can't!In fact, if this place didn't have taxidermied animals (yes, I just made a word up) and antler headpiece things as chandeliers, I would probably be giving this place 5 stars....... I KNOW! I can't believe it either!!My first experience with The Lodge was as Yelp Bachelorette. I was hammered (give me a break; it was the most important day of my life so far) so I didn't think it was fair to review after not really "being there," if you know what I mean.My second experience was last night with THE Bachelor himself, Dallas G. Yet again, the staff was incredibly friendly, quick with the service, and willing to accommodate my vegan, gluten free existence without fault. They have an amazing black bean veggie burger and orgasm inducing sweet potato fries.  DG could learn a thing or two from those fries.Just Kidding. Now, here is the BEST part of all: THREE DOLLAR SKY VODKA DRINKS FOR THE LADIES.You don't need to know the rest.
4	With a name like "The Lodge", I thought I was going to an old dirty restaurant with some of the neighborhood locals. We went here after a soccer game two weeks ago, and I have to say, I thought I was going to be disappointed. I expected greasy food, and grimy scenery. This was not the case, although the scenery was mildly disturbing as most of the decor included some dearly departed wildlife. I had a great sandwich I believe called the healthy choice, that was supposedly was healthy? It came on this great thick toasted buttery whole grain bread, egg whites, hollindase sauce, tomato and avocado. It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. I don't think it was a calorie saver by any means but I am sure it was just the idea it was made with healthier ingredients. For a lodge, this was a terrific restaurant, and yes this is a compliment by far, joking aside, as you remember my thoughts of what a lodge was all about. This is nothing like the local VFW. The only other scary part was this jerk at the bar decided to take his shirt off, and throw it across the room. And ladies, no, this was definitely not a pretty sight nor was it funny. They need to enforce the shirt and shoes required law here otherwise it will earn a lodgey reputation from me. Luckily, as this ghastly sight appeared, we quickly disappeared on our way home.
4	This is a great bar to start the night but it has a hidden secret.  They serve an awesome breakfast!!!  After a night of clubbing I would recommend making a visit to The Lodge (probably when picking up your car).  The breakfast menu is reasonably priced.  My favorite dish is the Breakfast Burrito.  It is packed with chicken, eggs, bacon, potatoes, black beans, salsa and cheese.  Tater tots is a great side for this meal.  Add a spicy Bloody Mary and your morning is complete!
1	Great serviceFood was very averageFish special was terribleOut of most desertsNo ice cream!!!
5	Really? A 3.5 star review for a place that has cheesy tater tots, thats ludacris. I have been visiting town for 3 days and found myself at the lodge all 3 days. They have 2 dollar mimosas for Sunday Brunch... The waitress' and bartenders are so nice and really make you feel comfortable when hanging out there for hours on end. Even the busser was on top refilling water and clearing the table immediatly even wiping it down.  Drinks are strong and food is amazing. I had the chicken salad sandwich and sweet potato fries...So fresh. I can't wait to come back next time I visit.
4	Great burger! The 2 grilled cheeses added to the burger as a sub to normal bread was an amazing idea (def a big boys dream lol) Great atmosphere during lunch time, really relaxed! I'm coming back for sure when we are in the area...
2	Cool place, but the service was terrible!  Seemed like everyone there was a regular and weren't too excited that we were there...don't worry, we won't come back!
4	Fun atmosphere, great H/Hour prices. We took my 89 year old padre there and he had a ball looking at all of the stuffed animals. Had the fried shrimp, curds (what are curds really?) and the burger/brats and beer for only $6. Asked for med. rare on the burger, but it came out medium, no pink. I will try rare next time. 3 Blind Moose house wine for 3 bucks. 3-7pm everyday, life is good in Scottsdale.Stay thirsty my friends!
4	Stuck in Scottsdale but yearning for that lodge fire and hot spiked cocoa on a cool mountain air evening? You can either find a way to drive to Flagstaff or cab it to the Lodge and be whisked away to the imaginary world of mountainside living. When the Lodge first opened, I was a little confused. Why would Scottsdale think they could pull off a lodge when it's 100 degrees so many months out of the year? Who would want to hang out in a lodge? Then, I walked into the lodge and I was immediately mesmerized but its charm. I don't care if its 50 or 120 degrees outside, there's something adorable about the Lodge and I visit time after time. It's cozy, cute, reasonably priced, full of good food and has a whole slew of games to choose from. In the front room, groups can sit and watch the game on the big screen or catch up while they eat and drink. In the main area, visitors can stand around with the bar goers and be "Scene" for the night without being too scene. And if you are in the game mode, head back to the most lodgy room in the building where they have Big Buck Hunter, pool tables, darts, and other random games. And then they went and did something glorious. They added a patio to the Lodge so when the weather's nice, folks can sit outside and play Giant jenga or bags. I can hang out at the Lodge for hours and be content. The food at the Lodge is actually good. It's the kind of food where I actually eat there when I haven't had too much too drink. You can't say that about many bars in Old Town. Have you tried the potato skins? They aren't your average skins. They are crunchy and you dip them in the cheese queso dip. To-do-for and you probably gain five pounds immediately following. The TLTA is a favorite as well. It's honey roasted turkey with a creamy aioli and fresh avocados on crispy bread. Their cottage cheese is some of the best out there because it's spicy but not really spicy and has red peppers in it. I also enjoy their chicken sandwiches, burgers and of course the sweet potato fries. Throughout the year, the Lodge will host a variety of events in their parking lot. I've been to a skateboarding one and a surfing one. Yes, surfing! They are always a blast and worth the money. So when people are looking for a fun way to drink the day or night away or have a American meal, I suggest the Lodge. Well done Lodge. Can you clone yourself around town?
4	I feel a little guilty. So many well written reviews here with real insight in to this place. I'm not here to talk about that. I'm not here to talk about how kind and smiley the service was when I came to the Lodge. I'm not here to talk about the lodge atmosphere which totally works, even in the desert of Scottsdale, AZ. I'm not here to talk about the reasonable prices. And I'm not here to talk about the salads or sandwiches or any of the great menu items except for one. I'm here to talk about The Sasquatch.When I was here a couple weeks ago, I was pawing through the menu and the group I was started commenting on The Sasquatch. Like it was a joke that anyone could eat it. Having never been to The Lodge, I asked what they were talking about. In retrospect, I should have let it go, but it sounded so mysterious, so bold, and curiosity took over.The explained to me what The Sasquatch is: It's a burger. Only instead of a regular bun, it has TWO GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICHES. Well, suddenly the testosterone starts coursing through my veins (perhaps the influence of the manly hunting lodge environs?), and since I was the only dude at the table, I couldn't stop myself from grunting, "Ugh. Me order."Well, Sasquatch, you have a new daddy. Less than ten minutes and I put you bit-for-tasty-bit into my belly. The burger was actually quite delicious. The grilled cheese sandwiches were middle of the road, but all together it was the perfect meal (for a family of four). I still had room for my spicy cottage cheese, which I chose over the fries because apparently I'm watching my girlish figure.Really enjoyable lunch, despite my incredible display of disgusting devourness. I feel guilty, because The Lodge is so much more than one burger, but that's what I'll remember most.
4	Great American bar with great American cuisine.  I love having a place like this in Scottsdale.  They have a fantastic happy hour special.  You can get a burger and beer for $6 any time of day, any day of the week.  They also have a GIANT burger where the bun has been replaced with grilled cheese sandwiches.  People here aren't trying to impress anyone, they are simply here to enjoy the atmosphere and the experience.  I would feel comfortable here in my pajamas, robe and slippers.  And actually might wear them the next time I go.
3	Small interior, great little patio just off the main drag in old town Scottsdale.  The place is easy to find because of its funky lodge look it is totally out of place for the neighborhood.  I think the place is suffering from an identity crisis. On one hand it is trying to be a Old Town Scottsdale meat market, but on the other hand it is trying to have a down home kind of feel.  The burgers and sandwiches are huge with huge buns.  Nothing fancy about the fixings and the food is overpriced but I guess they have higher rent where they are located.  If this place were in Phoenix or Tempe it would be 35% less.
3	My friends are gonna kill me for rating The Lodge anything less than a 5, because it is consistently one of our group's favorite go-to's for happy hour, weekend game-watching, and weekend late night bar fun.  However, this place does NOT rank as a 4 or 5 in my book, and here's why. The food is nothing more than average bar food (and some of it is consistently sub-par).  Beware of anything that comes with cheese (nachos, cheese fries, potato wedges, big pretzel, etc) because the cheese they use comes from a spray can (seriously). Their beer selection is somewhat lacking, in my opinion, and the few microbrews they offer are quite often sold out.On weekend nights, this place becomes my worst nightmare.  Shoulder to shoulder, standing room only, with a bar line 10 people deep all the way around.  All this partially because it is popular, and partially because it's just really, really small.  Their patio area is pretty nice, but on weekends it is OVERRUN with a thick haze of smoke that leaves us non-smokers wishing wistfully for a gasmask or oxygen tank.The prices are decent, for both food and drink, and their hh prices are pretty damn good.Their bathroom is pretty gross - just has that old, "im a bar bathroom" feel to it that could easily be eradicated if they would just replace the stall doors with ones that didn't look like they were about to fall apart or disintegrate.Basically, this place is not my favorite.  Some people love it, and I don't want to take that away from them, but let's be honest - some people "love" the Lodge just because they heard that everyone else does.  I say try it, but make your own decision...
1	I'm accustomed to the Scottsdale bar scene. I know it can be loud and rowdy and I don't mean that in a bad way. But the crowd at The Lodge though just seems to go too far, like they should have been cut off many alcoholic beverages ago but weren't. This seems to be the case particularly for the patio hang-out. You know the expression "falling down drunk", well I spotted several of those within 15 minutes. And they took the tables with them. Yet the the staff ignores it while the other patrons laugh and applaud.And I wouldn't recommend going on a Saturday night if you plan to eat in the dining room. You'll have trouble finding a table if you have more than 2 in your party. Now you might think I should've known better than to go with a group on what will always be a busy weekend night there but I was told when I called ahead that "sure no problem we can fit 8 in". The phone-answerer never offered to make a reservation, I got the impression The Lodge doesn't take them, but if it does he seemed to think one wasn't necessary.  Then we get there and are told there's no space in the dining room and they have no idea when there will be.The staff is friendly and that's the only reason this place even deserves one star. They may be a bit too nice. Their being lenient and easy going is one of the reasons the drunks get out of hand.
4	Cool, unique place in old town. Not a dressy place. Big beers were on sale and they had some interesting choices. I believe I had Sun Devil Ale. I only ate a small appetizer-- the hot pretzel with cheese. It was delicious. Ambiance feels like--- "a lodge"-- as it should. I will be back.
3	The place was charming, and we enjoyed the food, particularly the brats and sweet potato fries, but to call it a serious restaurant is a bit much, since the fare is mostly pub food.  Our main objection is that the music is too loud and the sound system is terrible.
4	Ok I am a Scottsdale Snob I will admit it. I do think the Scottsdale scene is more fun the other areas in Phoenix. However with that being said even the best scenes need a break. The Lodge is a perfect spot for that break. The Lodge is what I would call a high class dive bar. Now many people are probably thinking "Andrew D. that's an oxymoron isn't it?" My answer to that is as follows:1. The Lodge is a place where you can go in the morning in your clothes from the night before and you will fit in. 2. The Lodge is a place where if you are all dialed up in your Scottsdale Fashion you can hit as a cheap pre-game spot and not feel out of place. 3. The Lodge is the place that has some of the best bar food I have eaten 4. Do you have an itch to play an old fashioned game of darts with your buddies while surrounded by the beautiful crowd of Scottsdale's Finest. The Lodge is your answerSo if you are looking for that mountainous getaway but are afraid to drive higher that Cave Creek. Stop at the Lodge for great food, spiked hot chocolate and the beauty of Scottsdale.
3	I can't tell you how heartbreaking it is that I cannot give The Lodge more stars than three.Especially with how absolutely exited I was to go somewhere that had Bratwurst, Berry Weiss AND Cheese Curds. The midwestern girl in me was swooning for my knight in shining armor.The berry weiss was amazing.... really wish it was on tap, but bottle will do. The cheese curds were sincerely authentic too. I introduced several at the table to their lusty flirtatious ways, and they will never be the same again.What ruined it you ask? The fact that it took us 40 minutes to pay our bill. When we received it, we realized we forgot to ask to split it and promptly asked the waitress. Her response?"You should've asked me before you ordered and then I could have done it. However, we normally don't do it at all." What??? Um okay. We knew it wasn't all her fault and tried to split our bill. In the middle of our first attempt, she came by to ask if we were done and we said we needed a few more minutes. Well, come to third try of splitting a check 10 ways she comes back again and asks the same question. Frustrated, we tell her we are not, and she just shakes her head almost like she was angered at us and walks away.Seriously.. who doesn't split a check these days.. even after the fact. I've seen today's digital restaurant systems. This shouldn't have been an issue. Even if she had to void it and start over it wouldn't have taken her the 40 minutes it took us.. especially because there were only two other people in the entire place.Ugh. Meh. That was not midwestern hospitality.
5	Quite possibly my new favorite bar in the Phx area...don't get me wrong, I still love Gordon B's in Tempe but this place fulfills food and drink criteria...delicious pretzel with spicy mustard or cheese dip...honey wheat on tap or try the bartenders vodka concoction. Hoppin' crowd but not crazy...definitely a place to come back to!
4	The first time I experienced the Lodge I really enjoyed it (I'm somewhat partial since it's vaguely reminiscent of a bar back home in Vail or Beaver Creek). I enjoy the happy hour menu with staples like mac n' cheese, veggies and dip, sandwiches and burgers (all are surprisingly delicious). Plus there are games to keep one occupied:  darts, billiards, that sandbag toss game, and gigantic Jenga (my favorite). One word of advice: be specific with your drink order; don't ask the bartender for a cab (as in the wine Cabernet)--they'll tell you the cabs are outside. Or maybe I'm just the only one who orders wine at a bar.
4	Before I went to visit Scottsdale for the first time, people told me that I'd be heading into the Marina of Arizona. For those of you who are unfamiliar, the Marina is a young, social neighborhood in San Francisco where recent college grads and polo shirts run amok and where I spent some wonderful years after my own college graduation. After visiting the fair city of Scottsdale and especially after my time at the Lodge, I wholeheartedly agree with this comparison, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. And one thing that the Lodge has over the bars in the Marina is a very important thing: the drinks are CHEAP. In fact, the night I went there they were offering 20 oz of any beer on tap for a measly $5. For that kind of steal, I'll deal with baseball caps, polo shirts and low-cut jeans for days!
4	I am a total sell-out Yelp-aholic.  I saw the Review of the Day, texted the hubby, and we were at The Lodge TONIGHT.As one can glean from previous reviews, I hate Scottsdale.  North, south, east, or west - I hate it.  HOWEVER... The Lodge was fun!  Hubby got to watch the game on their huge flat screen.  We munched on cheap nachos and had cheap adult beverages while waiting for our food.  The nachos, for me, got a solid A.  The guac was a little bland (no salt, pepper, or jalapenos in it) but the cheese was good, as were the fresh veggies on it!DH had a pretzel burger.  Once he figured out how to eat it he loved it.  I had a simple grilled cheese and tomato soup.Totally blew the diet tonight, but had an amazing time with my hubby!
4	When in Scottsdale my friend said you have to try the Sasquatch burger...and so we did.  I thought the burger was really tasty and although it looks big, I didn't think so.  I was able to finish it pretty easily and eat all the fries.  The grilled cheese sandwiches for buns was a first for me though.  The venue was pretty chill when we were there (mid afternoon) but I could imagine it being a cool place to hang out with friends at night.
1	I will never go back to this establishment because all of the bouncers and wait staff are unfriendly, unprofessional and disrespectful.
4	Pretty cool place. Definitely looks like a winter lodge, and it seemed much more relaxed than some of the other bars in the area. However, we were there around 9pm before dinner, so I think that's before the major crowd came rolling in. There's plenty of room outdoors to hang out and a lot of seating inside. The bartender was pretty nice. We only got one drink before dinner, so we couldn't stay long, but it seems like a cool and chill place to hang out if Don and Charlie's or American Junkie are too crowded.
3	I like this place for the burgers and beer. But the last time they served up some way overcooked burgers, ordered medium and one rare and both were gray through and through. Otherwise I have liked the burgers in the past. Hit and Miss at the Lodge.
4	I suppose it's time I review The Lodge. I've been here so many times for Happy Hour, and I've never been disappointed.The beers are good. The selection COULD be better, but it's decent. The bartenders and servers are all awesome!  The patio is a great place to hang out with co-workers, or good friends. I LOVE the giant Jenga. Food-wise, you won't be disappointed. Some of the winners that would make Charlie Sheen proud: Mac n Cheese, the Burgers, and the Veggies with Dip. Oh the Dip. The Dip is as divine as an angel's sweat. Yes. It's that good.This place is decorated like a....Lodge. You get that rugged, outdoorsy feel to it, but it's not campy...it's fun and the kind of place where you feel comfortable. Like your family cabin...except with your best friends.
5	How have I gone this long without reviewing the lodge? Sheesh! I get all fluttery inside when I think about the lodge. The Mac and Cheese is not something to play around with. It is a dish of fantastic, cheesy wonderfulness. Also, please note the veggie wrap. HOLY SMOKES. Its a heavenly combo of sauteed veggies, feta cheese, and some kind of lemon/herb/heaven sauce all wrapped up in a pita! Really? Really Aaron May?The other aspects of the lodge I enjoy involve the friendly staff, and comfortable setting. It's decorated all rustic and cushy, and true to form there are antler-chandeliers. You will also find pool tables, darts, several TV's, jenga, bean bag games...they have plenty going on at the lodge to keep you and your friends entertained. Check it out...
3	The lodge is a fun place to hang out. The look of the bar really does fell like a lodge which is pretty interesting for downtown Scottsdale. The drinks were a little pricey and the service was a little slow on the Friday night when I went there. All in all, a pretty fun bar.
4	Serious comfort food -- not a great place to go if you're on a diet, but definitely delicious well priced food and drinks.  They are always having special event deals and day or night the place is always packed.  Usually a younger crowd, but during the day to watch sports its more mixed.  I had a yummy pineapple minderaser drink and chicken fingers last time I went
4	I found myself in Scottsdale earlier this month trying to compute the caloric intake of one of the southwest's most dangerous burgers: The Sasquatch Burger. After a long day of work, me and some colleagues began to roam downtown Scottsdale for a place to drink and catch some of the NCAA Tournament. We found ourselves at The Lodge which was ironic, since I was at the Lodge in Chicago just before I flew out to Arizona.The Lodge had a nice wooden interior with the classic antler chandeliers hanging overhead. There were people inside, outside and some electronic darts off in the periphery. The crowd was diverse agewise and otherwise and I felt right at home. Guinnesses dominated my drink selection, but eventually we got hungry. Perusing the menu, one burger caught our attention: The SASQUATCH Burger!What is a Sasquatch Burger? Delicious. Decadent. Death-defying. I've probably run into novelty food before but after attacking a Sasquatch Burger, I've come to realize that this was some serious eating. I found out that the Sasquatch Burger could also be converted into omelet form but it was dinner time so a burger sounded just right.  We ordered our Sasquatch and it rolled in loaded up with a giant beef patty, a giant heap of bacon, tossed with a few crispy fried onion straws, and then hugged by two giant cheese sandwiches! We had to slice this demonic burger in half before we could come to grips with its reality.The truth was that this may have been one of the unhealthiest things I've ever had the chance to consume but every bite was amazingly greasy with either the juiciness of the burger hitting you, the crisp bacon, crunchy onion straws, or buttered up grilled cheese sandwiches attacking your taste buds from all directions. The fact that I split it mitigated its deadliness only a slight bit. Now that I'm back in Chicago, I would like to have a Sasquatch Burger once again. Is there anyone in Chicago who is brave enough to make their own version of the SASQUATCH Burger?
4	So I came here in search for Phoenix's best Macaroni and Cheese. Yep, that's right, me and the inner kid in me are in search of the best Macaroni and Cheese. So, ordering was simple!So, how was it? Pretty good! It was more cheddary than, say, Beckett's Table (which got me started on this dance).The atmosphere was pretty cool there. However our wonderfully bubbly waitress probably came over way too much. Also, nobody coming over to refill our drinks (iced tea) could figure out that we had tea and not water. Oh well.On a separate note, I've gone by this place around 2AM it looks like a madhouse. Could be a rather interesting time around 2AM!
2	went for a birthday dinner with my dad.  not a bad place, not a great place, a little run down - the vinyl seat in our booth was torn.  the food is great for greasy food lovers.  nothing special.  decent beer on tap, but nothing spectacular.  had Santan Devils Ale - a nice local selection.  for dinner i had a grilled cheese sandwich.  i've had worse, and i've had better.  it's not the closest place to where we live, and it's not worth the drive.  i think there's better options in the area, honestly.
4	Always like bars with more than just a bar to drink at.  The lodge also sports corn hole and GIANT JENGA! Not to mention the pool table in the back!  There is both outdoor and indoor seating with a different (better) vibe than some other Scottsdale bars. It is quite 'lodgy' with lots of wood, rustic decorum and a cozy fireplace in the middle.  Giant whittled 'caveman-like' statues guarding the front door... how can you go wrong with that? Wanted the vanilla mind eraser but it was only served as a shot... however the bartender made them into a drink for us, which was great and lets you not become too inebriated too quickly.  When the news of Bin Laden's death hit the bar everyone cheered and brought out their super patriotic selves.  It was quite fun!  Shots going around the bar and everyone was just in high spirits.  Very cool.
3	The Chicken Club sandwich is one of the best I have ever had. When reviewing places I like to an expectation to compare reality to, I was invited here by friends who's niece was in from out of town and chose this as the meeting spot. I knew driving down the block that I wasn't in Kansas anymore. Not much to say, I will leave the judging of this place up to the bar/ club going cooler people than me. But the Long Island Iced Teas where good and that afore mentioned Chicken Club was worth noting.
2	Although I had a great time last night....The lodge could use some serious help. Im a usual margarita drinker, so i went to the bar to make my order. Although i did not have money for a top shelf, i didnt want to get the cheapest tequila. I WAS CHARGED $10 for the crappiest margarita i have ever had, i do not even want to know the price of the top shelf... It was watery and in the size of a shooter glass....seriously i was totally ripped off.  Then to top that off My best friend orders a Guinness....worst pour i have ever seen. Did these bartenders go to school, or did we find them on the streets. WHAT A JOKE....anyways not saying i wont be returning, but ill stick to the blue moon, cant mess that up.
5	Best place to go with a weekend hangover or to have a fun laid back night. This place has the "Bags" game aka Cornhole and Giant Jenga. The Lodge has great service and fantastic servers! My all-time favorite place to go!
5	This place is great.  All the food is fresh and always good.  They have a great happy hour daily with a very knowledgeable staff.  I highly recommend this place.
4	Give the bear a big kiss!  The lodge is a great spot to stop and enjoy a nice Arizona day or night. I'd describe it as a somewhere in between a dive bar and an "Ultra lounge", pretty much anything goes here.  The patio is great for people watching because it's nestled in a corner that faces many of the Old Town "hot spots"!   The food is decent, comfort style food that pairs well with adult beverages!  Both food and drink prices are reasonable, and they have great HH specials!
5	Good food, service, seating, games, and crowd. Could use the sports package though!
4	This review is for 07/16/2011. After my Dodgers lost at Chase Field, I got hungry and I didn't have a lot of time left before I had to head back to Los Angeles. I wanted to see a couple of the party scene areas. I found a couple of hot spots near my hotel which is like Club Town. I found the Lodge. I arrived around 9:30pm to a party scene. There were tons of cabs and lots of women ready to party like there was no tomorrow. Parking is quite difficult, but being an Angeleno, I used my car to drive just a couple blocks from my hotel. I did find a street parking spot and glad I did before it got too crowded. The Lodge does ID checks and the guy was quite friendly and welcomed me. I walk in and it was filled with more women than guys. I just wanted to grab something to eat and drink, but WOW. I got extremely nervous especially when there are lots of women. I headed straight to the bar and got my favorite drink, Cape Cod ($5). Then I closed my tab and headed towards the dining area. I sat down in the nice lounge/dining area. I was greeted by Brittany. She was a gorgeous doll and fast on my service. When I ordered food, the one item that got my attention was the Sasquatch Burger ($16). It was like a burger but as for the buns, it was replaced with two Grilled cheese sandwiches on the top and bottom. I had to order the specialty. Brittany was on top of me when she passed by (That's what she said). I would point to her and she knew what drink I needed. I got two Cape Cods during my meal. My total was $28.50Ten minutes later....I got this huge plate of potato fries and this humongous sandwich or burger. I couldn't even give this a classification. I had no idea how to eat it. Eat the grilled cheese sandwich top bun first, or slice into it. I mean, you would have to cut it down unless you have one big mouth. The Sasquatch burger was damn amazing. You'll have to look at the photos that other Yelpers posted. I did finish by the way. I left the crust of the Texas Bread out because after all that drinking, I might have passed out from food coma and drinking :)After I was done, Brittany chatted with me and wished me safe travels back to Los Angeles. Again, she made sure I was OK before I left. I gave her a nice tip for checking up on me more than the other guests. That Sasquatch Burger was just overwhelming. I think I gained 5-6 lbs from it and with the multiple Cape Cods through the day, I am not even sure that I ate it.The environment was quite clubby, but there was no fee to get in. There were a few military guys in there, but the ladies didn't even go for them. There were some older guys in there trying to be all arrogant and badass, but to me, they were just trying to impress the ladies. I miss this place already, but I am not sure my stomach wants to try the Sasquatch Burger very soon...Give me a year....The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
4	The atmosphere is nice, but not at all fancy/stuffy which is a plus.  Service was great, though it doesn't seem like there was a lot of staff.  We got the wings, white cheddar cheese curds and fried shrimp.  They all came out pretty quickly and hit the spot.  All in all, great service, great prices (happy hour includes 1/2 off appetizers and $2 beers), and great non-pretentious atmosphere.
4	I've actually ended up at the Lodge a few times now, and I say "ended up" because I never made an actual plan to go here. But every time I do, I realize I end up having a pretty good time. The Lodge is fairly unpretentious (regardless of what all those dead animal heads might make you think) in uppity Scottsdale. The atmosphere is chill, and I appreciate all the dive bar amenities (games, arcade, pool table, dead animal heads...) without the dive bar feel.The Lodge is a great place to pregame, after party, or just simply relax without the hassle of image and judgement. The staff is always fast and nice, and the people are always cool.
5	Just tried this place for the first time thanks to a Local Dines coupon. Let me tell you, I had read some of the reviews on Yelp before purchasing the coupon, but I did not expect such an awesome experience. Our server was pleasent and knowledgeable, which these days is hard to find. Also, because the bar booths were full we sat in the empty section of the restaurant. i was afraid we would be forgotten about over there, but our server was well aware we were there.  We ordered cheese curds, which were great, for an app and a couple of cheap beers. 2$ on a tuesday night, who woulda thought! Next we ordered the "south of the border burger" w/ onion rings, and the "angry chicken" sandwich with tater tots.  YUM-O!!!  Nothing to complain about, the amount of food served was beyond plenty and the flavor did not leave you anything other than wanting another bite!!!  We will be making this place a regular on our "where should we go to eat" list!
4	I've been to the Lodge a few times, and I must say, each time I go, it grows on me.  I haven't eaten the food, but I have played my fair share of "bags".  The service is great, and its just a great atmosphere for someone who doesn't want to get dressed up for a night on the town.  Very relaxed, and very comfortable.
5	If your looking for a place to pop your collar, fist-pump intill the wee hours of the morning, load up on red-bull vodkas, and see the best cars in Scottsdale.... Then this isn't the place for you. Which is why the Lodge is my favorite bar in the old town area.It is what the surrounding area isn't. And it's great to have a place like it. GREAT service, GREAT bartenders, Awesome people who hang out there. I've never seen a fight. And the only time there looked like there was going to be a brawl, was because some guys got lost going from the Mint to American Junkie, and thought they owned the place. I guess that's why I like this place. The people who come here, and the regulars really support it and try to keep it as it is. A great place to have food, grab a drink or two, play some games with friends, and make more in the meantime. Im happy to say I'm a regular here, and I enjoy bringingmy friends here as well.
4	The Lodge is a kitschy sports bar with good bar food and energetic vibe and in general a nice break from the glitz and glamour of every other bar surrounding it in Old Town Scottsdale.  In particular, we love riding our bikes  down and sitting on the patio to watch football games on Sunday.  Late night, the Lodge turns into more of what you'd expect from a busy bar scene in Old Town, but I agree with other reviewers who mention that you don't necessarily get the brawlers that you run into at bars nearby.  Foodwise, we've had just about everything on the menu, and we haven't been disappointed by anything.  Our favorite item is the Turkey Burger which is outstanding, and if you have someone visiting from out of town, its fun to challenge them to eat the Sasquatch burger which uses two grilled cheeses as a bun for a burger.  In general, you just can't go wrong with the Lodge.
4	The Lodge has been a pretty consistent happy hour spot for me over the last year and a half. Their food and drink specials are a great way to wrap up the week on a Friday night. I like their chicken strips and the cheese curds are great. The pretzels are also delicious. Service is typically pretty good, you'll be able to keep drinks coming and food comes out quickly. There's a lot of entertainment there, with corn hole and giant jenga outside, and some video games and a pool table inside. I don't love the Lodge as much for a prime time or late night spot...It gets a lot more expensive and a lot more crowded. Go for happy hour, order some cheese curds and a $3 Miller Lite and you're bound to have a good time. The decor is kinda fun, there are random acts of taxidermy inside and it's very, uh...Log cabin like.A funny (but pretty well known) fact about this place is that Jared Allen (Minnesota Vikings) is a part owner of The Lodge, so from time to time you may run into him and some other NFLers there.
4	Delicious bar food!I very much enjoy the menu options.I do find that the service is a bit lacking, hence the 4 stars instead of 5.I get that it's more of a free form type of place... (e.g. no host, no real structure for the tables, etc).... but that just stresses me out.  Bleh.
4	A nice change of pace from many of the other Old Town spots.  Cozy bar for cold winter nights.
4	This place has always been one of my favorites. Atmosphere is awesome here and great bar food. Bring back the old chicken fingers!!
4	One of my favorites. Awesome food! Great Service! Super fun for all sports games, and excellent Sunday Brunch.Try the mac n cheese- my fav!
4	Great burgers and fries, they were fresh and the REAL thing! Totally leave your everyday burger joints to shame! Amazing fried pickles too, must try those as an appetizer! The prices were just right and even though it had a "bar" environment, still a good eatery to bring the family. The service was great as well....if you're at Scottsdale you need to eat there!
4	Went here for happy hour last night - Half price apps and $3 beers, can't beat that.My husband ordered the soft pretzels, which we super fresh and definitely handmade onsite.  Came with mustard and cheese sauce, excellent!  I ended up eating most of it :)We got some Fried Pickles, which aren't part of the happy hour special, but are only $4 and worth it.Everything we got was great, and the atmosphere is even better.
5	My girlfriend and I celebrated her birthday party here after an incredibly fun daytime scavenger hunt that we designed around Old Town. We made The Lodge the final destination that our hunters had to discover by solving a word puzzle. The five teams figured it out and met us in the pool table room for a private party from 6pm to 8pm. The 20 guests were happy to arrive here for The Lodge's great happy hour which has some cheap beers and half off appetizers until 7pm everyday. Our guests played pool, video games, and darts while enjoying their drinks and the appetizers we ordered for everyone. I heard the mac and cheese was a must have from fellow Yelper Kyle H and he was dead on. It just might be the best mac and cheese you'll ever have, especially if you add bacon to it. I'm already craving it again! We also ordered our party some chicken wings, chicken strips, cheese curds, and shredded beef nachos. All were crowd pleasers.There is a nice outdoor patio where patrons can play bags (aka Cornhole). The staff was great too. Dave, the manager, helped me out with the reservation and all went smoothly. Our waiter, the guy with the beard, was very attentive, helpful and friendly. The Lodge has a very cool and relaxed atmosphere which is a nice change from some of the other uppity places in the area.
5	Best bar in Old Town!!! KiKi rocks!!! Amazing drink specials, always fun and chill. Not your typical "snottsdale" bar. Thumbs up!!!
4	Not sure why, but I like The Lodge. I've somehow ended up here on a few occasions, and it's always been a fun time. PLUS the food is super tasty! Fried pickles - delicious. Burgers (any of them) - also delicious! Happy Hour is always a good time, cheap beers and half off appetizers. Great service, I can always catch the NBA games I want to see, and another bonus, (well more of a bonus for girls than anything else) clean bathrooms! Fun, chill atmosphere with great food and drinks. What more can you ask for?
3	This place has a pretty good happy hour.  Most of the appetizers were half off.  My group sampled a variety of them and they were all tasty.  My favorite was the soft pretzel.  I also tried their own Lodge beer.  It was sort of like a watered down Fat Tire.  But they did have Blue Moon and Guinness on tap so that's a big plus.
4	I have been a fan of The Lodge since its conception.  The vibe is casual fun with a cozy ski lodge theme.  Great for watching sports, playing pool, a game of bags, or just hanging out with good friends.  Their food is delicious!  The Lodge nachos are my favorite in town (freshly sliced jalapenos, yum).  Not to mention the potato skins, cheese curds, pretzels, tater tots, and The Sasquatch (if you have the balls!).  For those looking for a tasty healthy alternative, they have the Half Viking which is a grilled chicken breast served with sliced avocado and your choice of sides (I recommend the spicy cottage cheese).  Another perk: the patio is dog friendly.  Don't forget to try a Pineapple Mind Eraser when you're there!
4	The Lodge is a great place for bar food.  The staff is very friendly and the bar has numerous screens to enjoy whatever sporting event you want.  Enjoyed The Lodge Burger, a 7 oz. patty cooked perfectly.  It includes bacon and your choice of cheese (I chose provolone).  As a side, I had the sweet potato fries which were very good.  Plus, the prices are very reasonable.
3	This place is fun for drinks. Although, I wouldn't suggest eating here... My friend and I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. I love tomato soup - even cheap stuff in a can... but what they served us didn't even resemble soup at all! Without any exaggeration, it was literally pizza sauce. I hope it was some sort of mistake... but who does that? Puts straight pizza sauce in a bowl with a spoon? I had been drinking all night and was starving and still couldn't eat it. That being said, the staff here was great and the service was really fast.
3	Guess I'm just not loving the AZ options like I used to. I actually came on yelp and searched happy hours in scottsdale to try to find a good deal. Since the Lodge had great reviews, my friends and I decided to check it out. I enjoyed being able to sit outside and enjoy the gorgeous weather. The wait staff was nice. The happy hour specials were abundant.and that is kinda where it ended for me. We ordered a variety of appetizers for the table. While my friends enjoyed them, I was left feeling like someone took a pile of cheese con queso from the jar and dumped it onto everything.  particularly strange were the potato skins. they were just plain slices of potato and on the side was this bizarre spread that consisted of that cheese wiz type of garbage combined with sour cream, bacon, and some other unidentifiable substance. You were supposed to either spread this on your potato skins or dip them in. Not exactly how I envisioned potato skins.i kinda left with my stomach churning a bit again (as I did after my terrible experience at lush burger).I think I am gonna just have to stick with the places I know when it comes to dining in AZ. My adventures at being adventurous have lead to stomachaches :(However, this is a nice place to come and hang out outside with your friends, have a couple drinks and chat.
3	We went here because my friends had been there in the past. We got a booth seat but this place is nothing special. I didn't eat anything but the drinks were normally priced. Outside they have corn hole to play and heating lamps. The only positive to this place was Giants announcer Duane Kuiper walked by and I ran up to him and shook his hand.
5	Best night in Snotsdale was spent at "The Lodge" Hot Damn they have the best wings,  fried pickles Nom Nom Nom  Plus I devoured the Sasquatch Burger  Two grilled cheese sandwiches that replace a traditional bun on a meaty juicy patty plunged with a knife paired with sweet potato fries!  The food was wonderful and drinks were strong!  Our server was such a doll, so cute and friendly. I laughed like hell seeing a grown man piss himself, I gave him a pass it was spring training week!  "Bore Meer Bore Meer take me drunk I'm home" he chanted  The Lodge seems to help tone down the Snooty up tight girls that don't  "play well with others" who are not in their socio-economic strata.  I am not innocent here,  I pretty much get along with anyone and everyone,  Men want me women want to be me (enter sarcasm here)  but I guess I really pissed a few patrons off after I ordered 2 stimulus packages I can of PBR, I shot of cheap whisky, and one cigg. all for just 6 washington'sI went outside to smoke my cigg, ended up taking one puff "cough cough" and passed it on to someone else.... outside patio consisted of  testosterone fist pumping young men,  Total Diva's and an intense corn hole match in progress,  Young Hipsters Living the thug life,  mainly packs of she-wolves, makes sense being that we are enjoying a night at "The Lodge" So I come across a post note pack behind the bar, of course I am buzzed as hell and started writing compliments and posting them on random kids.  I come across two Battle axes one is a playful tease, and the other has a much nastier tone. I wrote "you have really great hair"  The spitfire looked at me rolled her eyes and barked "DIE" really, Die, are we on the 6th grade playground?  Let's just say she was not very effective at delivering witty comebacks Oh wow-  I vacationed in "The Hamptons" I wield catty vixens for years, girly this is not my first rodeo.  So I giggle and get out my trusty pen and write "You have a hairy Vag"  oh it gets better.  I pass the note to an innocent bystander, a cute young man and politely asked him to give my friend her note she left!  HA HA HA HA HA Ha.  I did post note a cute gentlemen with out him knowing.  He actually came over and found me "The post it bandit"  (I hope I really did light your fire and your back to your post it website) Would I go back?  Effin Ay I would- Fun night, Great food, Strong drinks, and the majority of the crowd was chill.
4	This place has a great atmosphere. I can see myself hanging out in the morning, round 11, and into the evening before heading to the clubs in Old Town. And surprisingly they have pretty good food. Get the pretzel and cheese it's always good! The nachos are another good appetizer. The woody feel inside gives you memories of adventures in Northern Arizona. For me though the taxadermy animals on the wall are kinda scary, but honestly I'm probably drinking and not even noticing them half the time. The waiters/watiresses are good, and there's plenty of seating and room. Music is cool- a mix of new and old. My favorite part: the bar stools that are made up of tree stumps, so every stool is a little different.
4	This place is great to go to for a chill and low key atmosphere.You can play billiards, cornhole, or video blackjack. One thing I didn't like: one of the bartenders told me there is a $10 minimum to use my credit card and I think he was trying to hustle me because when I went back to close my tab (without buying another drink), the other bartender took my credit card.Otherwise, a nice chill place to go.
4	Crispy Chicken Wrap.  My favorite wrap in the city of Scottsdale!!! So tasty!  Recently had a wrap at Saddle Ranch, and I was so disappointed... Lodge wraps only from here on out.  YUM!!!!!
1	This place is awful. The food takes ridiculously long and the staff is extremely rude, arrogant and condescending. I ordered tacos one night, and after all of my friends finished eating their food, I went to bring it to the waitress's attention that I still hadn't gotten my tacos. She said "OH! Let me get them," saw her grab them from under the heating lamps in the kitchen and then passive aggressively threw them down in front of me. After I told her I didn't want them anymore (since my whole table was already done eating), she gave me an attitude and called over the manager, who told me he would take them off my meal. Then, as I was signing my bill (giving the waitress a very undeserving tip), she proceeded to take a picture of me on her cell phone. It was the most unprofessional and humiliating experience. No customer should ever be treated this way for justly expecting quality service. I will never go to this place again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
5	Great outdoor area! Didn't charge my non drinking driver for his soda. Also you can smoke outside. Thursday is lady nights with 3 dollar drinks.
5	If you want to go "out", but don't want to get all dressed up, The Lodge is the place to go in Old Town.  We got there around 6:30 and the music was at a perfect level, you could hear it, but you didn't have to talk over it.  After some tasty nachos, a good chicken club sandwich (with waffle AND shoestring fries), we were ready to par-tay.  Nicole was great at serving our group in the private pool table area all night.  The Honey Brown been was a delicious change of pace, but eventually I did go back to my old friends Miller Lite and Dos Equis Lager.I would highly recommend reserving the pool table area for an intimate gathering with friends early in the night.
4	Great bar and I really like how its so different and so "home-y". The bag toss and jenga are fun to play or watch and the patio is huge. I have always had great, friendly service and the food is pretty delicious as well. My favorite item I've had there is the Chicken breakfast Burrito..... Now this is flavor heaven and worth the insane number of calories I can imagine it has. Yum!
4	The Lodge is a pretty low key place.  It's great to go there to just hang out with friends.  There's a pool table and darts in the back and if you go outside you can play bags (ie. cornhole).  It doesn't normally get too crowded, however, it can feel busy.  Nicole was our server and she was great.  The only thing is, I feel like she was all over the place, especially at the end when we were ready to close out our tabs.  That's the ony time we had a problem.  It seems like The Lodge needs to hire more staff, so their current staff doesn't have to be running from one side of the restaurant to the other.  I was very impressed by Nicole's attentiveness, though.  There were over 30 people in our group (we had reserved the back room) and she managed to keep everyone's bills in order.  I thought that was amazing, usually servers have difficulty doing that with huge groups.  I don't even remember having to tell her what tab to put my drinks on.  She just knew.
5	I had the "12 Gauge Chicken" sandwich and I am STILL talking about how good it was a day later! The guacomole & jalepenos + cheese, SO good. I ate the other half for dinner and it tasted even better which I didn't think was possible! Everything I've had there is decent food and I'm excited to keep trying it out. My friends all loved their sandwiches as well. I've had Zipps a million times and love their food as well but the Lodge just became my new fav spot for my "cheat eating" days :-)
4	We came here on a friends recommendation. The atmosphere was very chill. Not the type of bar you'd think would be in one of the busiest club areas of Scottsdale.The food was great, we both had the mac and cheese. Im interested in trying more of their menu.Overall we had a good experience.
3	Solid 4 Stars for the atmosphere, which is a fun lodge-y (hence the name) feel. We were REALLY looked after by our bartender so the service is first rate. The first time I came here the douchebag quotient was low which equated to a perfect night:good drinks, awesome atmosphere, great patio and good people so it was a fun time. My second time around there were a LOT of douchebags and that put a damper on my good time.  AND it was a sunday night so if there was any night I would have expected this to not be an issue it would have been Sunday. Apparently there are a LOT of douchebags that don't have jobs. So as much as I really dig this place, if the crowd is going to be this kind of crowd, I don't know how often I'll frequent this place. Or if I do, maybe I'll try a Monday or just get really tanked at The Coach House first. So first rate service and atmosphere......crowd, not so much!
3	I can totally get what The Lodge's appeal is and why it was packed with people on an early Sunday night. It's a ski lodge in a town with no slopes, and for people who like dead animal decor, it's perfect. And great news for beer drinkers: it also features 15 beers on tap.That being said, I have no plans to go there again. I didn't eat there, and while I've heard the spot's Sasquatch Burger ($16) is a giant sight to behold, like owner Aaron May's other restaurant Mabel's on Main, The Lodge is more a drinking destination than a dining one (at least at nighttime). There were maybe 10 tables throughout the entire tiny venue, so even attempting to get a seat to sit down and eat would be a challenge.There is a small dining area, complete with a big television, but it's sort of odd because it is so dark compared to the main bar. It's as if diners are banished to the blah part of the venue and left to try to make out what they're eating.Besides the mediocre dining area, I also wasn't a fan because of how small the bar area is, too. Because there was no room to sit anywhere in the main bar area, my friend and I went by the fireplace at the main entrance, where there was taxidermy right by the seats.For how cramped it was, I didn't see any cocktail waitresses milling around, nor hostesses. It just seemed a little poorly managed to me.The good news: it's a place in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale where jeans and T-shirts are totally welcome. At least it's an  option for people who don't feel the need to get all glammed out, and the people who were hanging out there were more of the Casey Moore's crowd than what you'd see in a nightclub.
4	Happy hour review:- cool crowd- great specials on food and drink- great patio, plenty of seating and tablesNightlife review:- leans towards douchebaggery clientele which means you'll get your ass or boobies grabbed if you're a lady (or maybe even guys?  Can't report out on that one)- bouncers are laid back and aren't huge jerks to the drunk morons- great patio, mostly standing room only since it's crazy packedOverall, fun time as long as you are with some dudes to keep the brahs at bay.
4	I almost don't even want to write a review for this place. It's so near and dear to my heart and I basically live here that I just don't know how to NOT write a novel of a review for this place. So I'll attempt to bullet point my feelings on the joint:A. Friday Happy Hour - need I say more? Pretty sure all the homies would agree that we've spent thousands of dollars here over the years. You're welcome Lodge. B. Cheese Curds - FRIED cheese balls and ranch. nuff said. C. Best server ever, my homeboy Michael (you guys need to give him a raise. I haven't seen him around much lately and I'm pretty sure that's why I've been at Kelly's more recently)D. Black-outsD+. I have a scar on my left knee where I ate shit playing cornhole. How do you eat shit playing cornhole? No clue. Probably because of the above point listed above. E. Lodge stimulus package - $6 for a can of PBR, a shot of nasty ass whisky, and a cigarette. BEST DEAL IN TOWN. Pretty sure the ex got nice and hammered a few times off this lil package - great deal ladies. Get your man sloshed and then take advantage of him. Always a good idea. The only reason why there's not 5 stars is sometimes when you sit on the patio, it takes about a year for a server to come around. Best bet it to hunt one of them down and start a tab that way. Oh The Lodge. Such great memories here...and most of them are just hazy bits and pieces.
4	Went to this place on the recommendation of a friend and definitely wasn't disappointed.  The burgers were GREAT and the music was perfect for the time of day.  There was a good crowd and the staff was very friendly.I would deinitely hit up this place the next time I am in AZ.
4	Located in the middle of Old Town and surrounded by large night clubs, The Lodge maintains a chill and lade back atmosphere where casual attire is welcomed. Anytime from brunch into the late hours of the night their is a good consistency of fast and friendly staff and excellent food!  During my last visit we arrived during Happy Hour (which is from 3-7pm) and I was surprised to know they have great prices on beers and 1/2 off appetizers.  I ordered the Lodge Beer and the 12 Gauge Chicken sandwich which were both soo yummy, I will definitely order it again! The decor is obviously themed as a cozy ski lodge, with unique decor like large antler chandeliers hanging from the wood beam ceiling, a large fireplace, and complete with taxidermy.  TVs are located around the bar, their is a pool table, darts board and a sandbag toss out on the patio. The only negative I would have to say about the Lodge is that there doesn't seem to be enough tables inside for dining.  However, there is a large outdoor patio with plenty of seating and cooled by lots of misters. Overall, The Lodge is a great bar and restaurant for any time of the day and I will have to add it to my regular stops in Old Town!!!!
4	I love coming in here.  The staff is friendly, the drinks rock, and the food is prety darn good. We bring our kiddo for lunch on the weekends from time to time, but I sure wouldn't after dark.  It is definatly a party place after dark.
1	If the lodge didn't over charge my card 3 visits in a row, I would recommend this place. Instead I have to expose them for the repeated credit card errors they have made! Maybe this will force them to hire some honest servers, but probably not! This has also happened to two of my other friend several times as well... very disappointing. This past Saturday, We went to the lodge at about midnight for some late night snacks we ordered $30 worth of food and drinks. My friend and I split the bill (So about $20 each after tip).  She messaged me today to see if I was billed for the meal, because her card was charged $30. I checked my account and they charged me $40, and these were posted charges, not pending!!  This has happened too many times and every time I have to call several times to dispute it, and a manage never happens to be around.  At this point I'm convinced that their servers do this intentionally in hopes that people will be too drunk to remember what they did or leave their receipts behind, so they can't dispute it.  Well I definitely was NOT drunk and I know I was ripped off.  You have lost a customer because of your bad business practices and dishonest servers.
3	Okay.....so....I have this thing about going out in Scottsdale in the first place because I'm always like "that one natural haired black girl" in a sea of blonde, tan, slim chicas! But that's neither here nor there. The Lodge was OKAY in my opinion. For it to be in Scottsdale where everything is super expensive for no reason the drinks are pretty cheap. I had a couple of shots and a drink and spent under $20. The bartender was SUPER sweet and she knew my name by the time I came back for my 3rd drink. They have AH-MAZING food deals. Like, get a burger and a beer for $6. Of course it's not a top notch beer but.....who doesn't love burgers and beers??There is music...coming from somewhere and it's always pretty legit, a good mix. There is like an intimate, cabin sort of corner with flickering romance lights when you first walk in if you want privacy but we usually go outside to the deck and people watch and/or play cornhole....Either way, I wouldn't say this is my favorite place ever...but I dont hate it either. Plus there is always a line of cabs outside waiting if you are too schwasted to get home :)!
4	This is a great place to eat and hang out with friends.  I always get the pretzel appetizer and the angry chicken sandwich.  When I am eating them, I believe there is nothing better I could be eating at the time.  I crave those items.  I also enjoy the games there- buck hunter, pool and darts. I recommend this place!
4	I really enjoy coming to the Lodge for Sunday football.  Really good food, the mac n cheese is awesome!  The waitresses are very attentive & the bartenders are awesome.  The only think I don't like about this place is the tv's are not very good for Sunday football.  If they had a better tv setup then I wouldn't watch football anywhere else.
3	A chill crowd and good happy hour prices.  Food was good but not great.  The cheap draft beer tasted a little off but the premium brands were okay.
4	Great food, especially for a bar place. Pretty busy on weekend days and nights. Sasha has served us many times, and she is very nice and great with customers.
5	I should really go here a lot more considering I'm giving it 5 stars, but for the handful of times I have been here, I've just always had such a great time that it warrants 5 stars. It's usually pretty crowded the times I've been (weekends), but every time service has been really great. Bartenders are quick and attentive, the majority of the crowd is pretty chill, the drinks are decently strong and the few menu items I've had were pretty decent for bar food! But my favorite thing though, yes here it comes, wait for you know I'm gonna say OMFG WTF BRB: I love the music. It's clearly just a mashup from an iPod, no DJ I was told. But whoever is picking the music (the owner? manager?) I love you. I love you because you played old school Incubus (Summer Romance!? Wow). I love you because you played Bop Gun by Ice Cube. I love you because you played Ghostwriter by RJD2. I think we're musical soul mates AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS!Anyway, nice chill spot. Can definitely get a little rowdy, and you'll for sure witness some run-of-the-mill Scottsdale nerds if you go at 11pm on a Saturday night, but it's still fun.
5	I came here for a friends birthday and was blown away. It reminds of being back home in the Midwest! The food is incredible with service to match!
4	Came to Phoenix from out of town to visit friends and they brought us here for some drinks and a night out.  Well ... from my one night here, boy was it entertaining.  It was some sort of Santa Claus night where everyone was dressed as Santa - somehow we didn't get the memo.  While we sat there drinking decent drinks on the cheap, we watched as the Santa Clauses 1) did some uh in appropriate things 2) failed romancing 3 ) participated in crazy drunkenness.So .. maybe not indicative of the place itself but I will remember this place fondly and might even make it there for the next Christmas.The only negative was it was soo busy that the waiter took forever in the beginning and it was impossible to get a quick drink.  The crowd did thin out a bit as the night went out so that made it better.
5	I really (REALLY) like The Lodge so I was gonna give it 4 stars. To be honest though, I really can't think of any good reason NOT to give it that 5th star.I've mostly been here for Happy Hour when visiting AZ, but I've also stopped in a few late nights, and have always had a good time.The Lodge has one of the best Happy Hours (deal wise) in Old Town. All apps (except the mac & cheese and fried pickles) are half off along w/$2 cheap drafts, $3 Lodge signature drafts (which is a tasty beer) & $3 wells (stuck to beer on this last trip, but if I recall in the past they actually use a heavy pour during happy hour).I've tried quite a few of the apps, and they're all good. The pretzels & cheese are particularly tasty. I always get pretzels & cheese no matter where I am w/the friend I came here w/for happy hour the last time I was here so I can say I've tried quite a few in my day & the Lodge's ranks right up there!I admit I'm a sucker for cheesy theme bars, so I kind of of dig the ski lodge theme here. the dining room area isn't huge, but is clean w/comfy seats. The bar area is pretty big & the patio is nice, weather permitting. I've never had an issue w/the service here & both bartenders & bouncers are always nice.
4	I really like this place. It has a fun feel and good prices. The crowd varies, but most of the time it's full of laid-back people looking to have some fun with friends and maybe make some new ones. I like how they have a bag-toss on the patio, although I have yet to win a game there. I still haven't tried their food yet, but when I do, I will update my review. Very solid.
5	Friendly, welcoming, cozy, good selection, comfy booths, open patio, warm vibe.  It/s easy to imagine you're up in the mountains on a snowy slope but for looking out the window.  Loved the patio here, too, btw.
3	This place is always packed with drunk people when I come. The patio is nice but is taken half up by Cornhole - what is up with Scottsdale and that game?! Hard to get around, hard to get service, lots of people smoking up the back. Dunno I guess I don't like it that much.
3	The Lodge is located on Douche Boulevard, just off of Bimbo Lane and around the corner from Boob Job Square. There are times when I've come here and had a great time, played some games with friends, wasn't perturbed by Douchey McDouche-tards and drank some cold beer. But then.I was here last night and arrived before my friend. The bar area was full, so I had to take a seat at a table. And then waited. And waited. And come the F on! Fake Boob Job Waitress, I know you see me sitting here! And just because I'm not a table full of dudes pretending that my fat is really muscle, I would still like to purchase a damned drink. For serious. I finally get my drink order taken and delivered (after she flirts some more with the pudgy dudes across the way), I continue to wait for my friend. Like magic, as soon as HE arrives, she appears almost instantaneously to take his order. Whatever.I very seriously doubt I would come back here of my own choice.  Maybe if I sprouted a penis and wore an ironic teeshirt or button down plaid shirt stuffed with muscles I would. But until then, I'll stay away.
5	I legitimately love this bar. Great place for a meal and great place for late night...and that's tough to do!! All the appetizers are amazing (particularily the mac 'n' cheese, pretzel, and cheese curds) along with the fried chicken wrap. Thinking now about what I like there I'm realizing that everything is pretty bad for you but oh, so sinfully delicious. Love that you can play bags and pool. Just a homey environment where you feel comfortable. Good crowd not too Scottsdale douchy.
1	This place was a horrible experience.  The prices were good during happy hour for typical bar food, which didn't taste bad, but made both myself and my boyfriend sick later.  We were there during Phoenix Open weekend, so of course they were busy, but they should know how to handle that.  We waited and waited for our check and had to flag down our waitress to get it.  Then, once we did, we waited 20 minutes and she never returned to collect it (we were paying with a credit card).  There was a guy coming around to collect dishes, so we asked him if he could take it and said our waitress hadn't been back in quite a while and we needed to go.  His reply, and I quote - "Well, she's probably got a lot of f***ing sh** going on."   Wow.  He did take our check, and the waitress brought it back.  Come to find out, this guy was one of the owners!  How can you talk to your customers like that and expect to maintain a clientele?  Needless to say, we will not be back and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone else unless you want to get sick and be treated rudely!
3	We ended up only staying about 30 minutes or so.  It's pretty crowded on Saturday nights.  They have a pretty nice patio.  Seems like a fun place to hang out with a group of friends.
3	Fun bar to hang out at...cornhole on the patio. Great location.
2	It is exactly what you would expect from a Scottsdale bar. I had a pretty grumpy attitude going in, since this is so far away from my comfort zone it's not funny. biggest pet peeve - The corn hole game they have going outside takes up the entire damn walkway, leaving us 'non players' with nowhere to walk around to get back inside after a smoke break. I got hit in the back with a beanbag trying to navigate the patio.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars.  I love coming here (during the non-peak times).  It is quite the party place at night, but 11am to about 3pm, it is a fun place to kick back, chat, watch a game, drink a beer, and eat some seriously yummy food.  I love that it is close by, parking is easy during the day, and everyone is always happy and friendly.  The staff are quick to recommend an entree or even a drink if I don't have one in mind.
4	I am a big fan of this place. Drinks are priced fairly. Food is good for being a bar. Only downfall is sometimes the service tends to lack, and the only reason is because its usually very busy. Otherwise I like this place compared to all the other bars in the area.
1	Apart from having food that should probably be served in the gulags of North Korea, their dated decor is almost as repulsive as some of the staff working there.  Hopefully, this "lodge" goes out of business as soon as possible so they make way for something that is a bit more useful, like a flea market or nuclear disposing facility.Unfortunately I can't give them a negative star.  Worst place ever, never going back.
2	Gross.  Like reviewed before me...I am too old and the food is not worth the attitude.  And you get tipped accordingly Miss Snotty-Pants Waitress!
4	The Lodge is my favorite spot in Old Town Scottsdale.  The place has literally a woody and earthy feel from the outside.  You have a pretty big outdoor patio that is covered.  Inside near the bar, there is mostly just standing room.  If you are looking for a place to dance, I don't recommend the Lodge.  I like to come out to chill and converse, and it is great because you don't have blasting music to mask great conversations.
4	I love coming here. The food is good, the beer is good, and they have sacks which is always fun. Its good for groups and dates. It does get really busy but thats not when it is at its best, it has the lodge feel and thats a smaller crowd atmosphere. The service goes back and forth, some of the bar tenders are really nice but some of them are rude and have attitude/ego issues.
2	Ok, I've been meaning to write a review for this place and I will start with the good; Came in for happy hour, good drinks, good food options, good service! It does get busy later to be prepared for that. THE BAD- I ordered potato skins and nachos, I got potato wedges (plain) with cheese dip, tortilla chips with cheese dip. Unfortunately I have found that a lot of bars and restaurants around here open up a can of liquid queso and call it cheese. THIS IS NOT CHEESE PEOPLE!  I can understand serving that crap at the movie theater or a ball park but not when you go out to happy hour. I will go there again but I'm ordering the hamburger and I will let you know how that goes...
4	amazing servers, super attentive and sweet. You can ask anyone that works there for help and they will be there.the potato skins were DELICIOUS, and for being on a date, the waitress was perfectly attentive. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because at about  8pm the bar became crowded with drunk, obnoxious girls who were yelling to each other from a 3 foot distance so I couldn't hear myself think, and we all know patrons can't be chosen by a bar, so that's a personal gripe.... I love the lodge when it's quiet or even with a group on the patio. Lodge, you have always done right for me. Thank you!
3	The lodge is the place to go in Scottsdale. Good food, good service and there are a lot of locals there. One problem, The owner should not allow bartenders to have their cell phone while they are working. They seem to focus on the next text message instead of the customer.
3	I went for happy hour the other night. I really like the atmosphere here and the service was good. The happy hour prices are fantastic. However, the food was all luke warm. We had the potato skins, nachos, and a cup of tortilla soup. While it was all tasty, none of it was hot. The table was also very sticky. The server wiped it down but it was still sticky and had stuff dried to it. If they give the place a good scrubbing and get the food out as soon as it is hot, it would be 5 stars.
2	$2.00 charge for ice. Whiskey on the the rocks = $5.00 for whiskey, $2.00 for ice. Verified with the waitress that this was the policy. 'Nuff said.
5	This is a great place to start the night.  It's a very casual and low key place to hang out. You can go outside and play corn hole or hang inside and play some pool in the back room.  They play good music and I like the vibe here.  The service has always been good, even for big groups.  They have a great happy hour for drink and food specials.  I usually drink wine or beer on special and have enjoyed their chicken tenders, bacon macaroni and cheese, and nachos.  All were excellent!
5	I have two words: Stimulus PackageAll day, Every day, you can walk in to The Lodge, and you can say to the bartender "Stimulus Package" and you will receive a PBR, a shot of whiskey, and a cigarette. You then fork over $6 and you're good... real good if  you've gotten started on the Stimulus Package. Normally the aforementioned information would be all that needs to be said about a place but, the Lodge deserves more. I worked right down the road and I ended up here almost every Friday for happy hour, some Saturday nights early, several lunches on all days of the week, St. Paddy's day... and the list goes on. The food is as good as bar food gets, there is pool, darts, bags (or corn hole), a great patio, lots of TVs ideally located for watching sports, and it looks like a log cabin. The Lodge is the best bar in Scottsdale. If you like clubs there are a shit load of them a stones throw so the Lodge is a great starting point. If you're looking for something that's not a club and you started at the Lodge head on down to Pattie's because thats a damn good night in Scottsdale.
4	Food was great. Excellent service.  If you want to eat, go early.  Otherwise the place turns into more of a bar/pick up scene which was fine, just not what I was looking for as far as evening entertainment.Again, great food and excellent service.  I would go again, earlier in the evening.
3	Food is okay, some good deals during happy hour.
5	I've only had great times at the Lodge.  It's very versatile; you can have fun at happy hour (shooting darts, watching sports, playing pool, cornhole) and even better time at night.  The staff is great and do their best with such a packed house.  Very fairly priced and always has a pretty good crowd on the weekends.  The crowd is more laid-back than some of the surrounding clubs.The bartenders are very nice too.  I've left my credit card there countless times (my fault) and they always keep it safe and of course laugh at me when I come in on Sunday to get it.
5	Best bar food around the downtown Scottsdale area. Great atmosphere inside and out. Pool table and darts inside and bags outside. Always a great day drinking spot and for single dudes there are always ladies to mingle with! Staff is friendly and the drinks are always flowing. Go check it out!
4	We love the pretzels at the Lodge...but why on earth must they be served at such an unbelievably scalding temperature?!? Burn my lips baby Jesus they are good but damn these blisters take a minute to heal
3	The food was excellent! I order the sasquatch burger with shoestring fries and a spinach salad. The food was absolutely amazing. But the service was shotty. The waitress/bartender was complaining about how she had to take care of the bar and the restaurant when it really was not that busy(I used to wait tables, So I could relate) but there was only 2 tables and 2 ppl at the bar. It was not very busy at all. She checked on us twice throughout the whole meal. She did not take our order or take our plates or even give us our check for that matter. The busser did all of that because he saw us sitting there for 15 minutes without her Even glancing over at us. The busser did however give excellent service. But, if that busser was not there I would never return no matter how good The food was.
4	Oh the lodge, how I miss you! I love it here because its a fun place to go for happy hour after work or if you just want to grab a drink and have a more mellow night. When you walk into this place you legit feel like you are in a cabin in Tahoe, it's great. I've always thought that the bartenders here were really friendly and it's just a nice place to chill, not to say that everyone here isnt hammered on any given Friday or Saturday night but it just has a more mellow vibe than some of the other bars in Scottsdale. The drinks are also really reasonable in my opinion and they have good happy hour specials. It's also right next to junkie, smashboxx, and all those places so you could start your night here and then head to those other places once you pregame a little more.
4	So I have been here before, just didn't remember it (strange how that happens). From the inside its a log cabin with an after ski feel - and that's a good thing.  I haven't spend enough time at the Lodge. The people here seems nice, and I love the laidbackness (yes, its a word) of this place. The bartenders are nice, and I must say I was impressed by the service I received from a Will Wheaton looking gentleman who whipped up what I wanted before I had found the words to express what I wanted. Swiftly he whipped up a basic, yet tasty drink that satisfied all requirements. Awesome. The seating in the Lodge is cool. Its way cooler if one can be the first to claim that corner seating arrangement, before some depressive hefer claims the 7 seats for herself while she is waiting for her party.. of 1. I needed to go to my happy place for a second to re-zen myself. Nice going Lodge, you have my attention and my business.
3	A group of girls and I came here on Saturday night for some cocktails and a few nibbles.  We were really lucky to find a booth considering this place fills up pretty quickly.  Our waitress was really attentive and speedy; the food and drinks were all pretty good.  The music was a bit too loud and we spent most of the night trying to scream over it.  There were a lot of annoying guys there, but that's Scottsdale for you, and the security was super friendly and keep coming by to make sure we were doing okay.  Overall my experience was pretty good here.
5	This place knows its identity and does it right. Just a comfortable Gem in the mess of pretentious Scottsdale clubs. I haven't been in a bit, but I hope the bartender Kiki is still there. So friendly and attentive. Such an intoxicating smile. ;)
3	This place has decent food for a bar.  I ordered the Southwest burger with waffle fries as my side.  The fries were delicious!  The burger was just okay and really difficult to eat because the bun pretty much fell apart after the first bite. The atmosphere of this place is unique - lots of animal heads and stuffed carcasses around, if that's your thing.  The fake fireplace is cheesy in a good way.Overall, not a bad place to hang with friends for drinks. I wouldn't go out of my way for the food here.
4	I live in Old Town, and The Lodge is one of my most frequented hang-outs.  The food is good, the happy hour is better, and I usually enjoy the atmosphere.Obviously designed to resemble a hunting lodge, The Lodge is pretty cozy.  The lighting is somewhat dim but not dark, the booths are comfy, and there are a lot of tv's.  The back patio has cornhole and a decent number of tables, so, when it's pleasant outside, I enjoy sitting out there.The happy hour is one of the best in town, in my opinion.  It is one of the only ones that is 7 days a week, and it lasts from 3-7.  Well drinks are $3 a piece, and certain beers are as well!  Definitely a bargain if you're a liquor drinker like I am.Their food is pretty solid.  My favorite thing there are the fried cheese curds, which come with ranch.  I almost always order them when I'm there.  Their fried pickles, tater tots, and waffle fries are good too...can't you tell what a health nut I am?  ;)  I have not had the famed Sasquatch Burger, but I've had other burgers, and they're good.  The brat is decent but nothing to write home about.  One thing to avoid at all costs is the Buffalo Meatloaf special on Wednesdays.  Ugh.  My boyfriend ordered it recently, and I took one bite of it and wanted to spit it out.  The meatloaf was squishy, and it was topped with cheese sauce--like, nacho cheese sauce.  I have no idea who came up with that idea, but they should never be allowed to decide upon menu items again.  The only thing I don't like about The Lodge is that it can get pretty douchey late night on the weekends, but I guess that's true of most bars in Old Town.  Oh!  And they have a bathroom attendant on weekend nights.  Whaaaatt??  I can't stand feeling like I have to pay to use the bathroom, but I especially don't care for it at a place such as this, where I go to relax.  Also, the bathroom is really small and quiet, so if you're the only one in the bathroom, you're basically in there with the attendant just sitting outside of the stall listening and waiting for you to emerge.  It creeps me out, and I refuse to pay someone to hand me a paper towel.  No offense to the attendent, but I can do that myself for free, thank you.  Aside from my rant about the bathroom attendant, I generally enjoy going to the Lodge, and I will continue to as long as I live around the corner from it.  Just remember to get the cheese curds!
4	This venue is SO much fun this time of year (Nov-Jan), as you feel that your literally in some remote log cabin in a snowy place far away. They even have a FAKE, blazing fire on a big screen TV w/a nice wood frame.It was especially fun last weekend as SO many Santas et al were out due to Santarchy. Really got me in the holiday mood - well, plus I was wearing my boots w/da furrrrrrr!Great spot.
5	Heck yeah!  The Lodge is my favorite bar in Old Town Scottsdale. It's a guaranteed fact that my friends and I will end up here on a night out on the town.  Food:  My gal pals just love the nachos.  My self-proclaimed "nacho expert" pal claims that they are "absolutely the best nachos in town".  I prefer the fired cheese curds (and I swear they help cure hangovers if you have them for breakfast/brunch)  Atmosphere:  Like a cozy log cabin in northern Wisconsin, this bar has a friendly local atmosphere.  Could it be the carved grizzly on the front porch?  Cozy fireplace? Antlers on the wall?  I find that other Midwestern folk flock to this joint, so you can pretty much guarantee that the clientele will be friendly.  I like that :- )Staff:  The doormen are seriously gentlemen.  They remember regulars and are practical and reasonable if patrons act unfavorable.  The bartenders are stinkin' awesome!  I may sound biased, but my 2 favorite bartenders are from the Midwest--I personally think they just add to the terrific Midwestern atmosphere!  Weather it's for a wild bachelorette party or a tame happy hour with coworkers, the Lodge is sure to please!!
2	So I came to this place when I seen it was on tv for having the best sandwiches in the usa... so I got the Sasquatch burger and it looks amazing really big... well after eating it, I realized it was nothing special. All it has is that its a big burger that's all. So I suggest u get something else cuz it was 16  bucks. Not worth it if u ask me since it was not that great. But if u want it too get some likes on ur Facebook or instagram then get.... Then my wife got the cowboy. It had chilli on it. And well it was a really dry burger. I don't get y but I didn't was not that good either...So lessons learned. Not everything on tv is true.
4	Very laid back and great place.  Outdoor patio is awesome and in the nice weather a great place to people watch.  For a small bar, their food is amazing.  Definitely stop by for happy hour!
1	I wish I could give this place zero stars. One bad experience never deserves a bad review but after a month or so of consistently awful nights I have to give a bad review. This once great bar and grill has completely given up on customer service, the safety of their patrons, cleanliness, food quality, and the overall presentation of the bar. There are too many bars in old town for the lodge to be worth your while. If you work here and are reading this please do something to change this reputation.
3	I would say its an avg place. We sat ourself in a booth and even though at least one employee knew we had just walked in we didn't get any type of service for a while. Once our server came, service was great.Food: Nothing to to hype about. The Sasquatch Burger which one of their specialties was an ok burger. I ordered med rare and it was more med. Everyone else at my table enjoyed their food and didn't have any complaints.Happy Hour: Just like any other place in old town.I'd come back for the Sasquatch Burger again, but wouldn't be in a rush to come back anytime soon.
2	I love the concept of this place, but the execution always seem to leave much to be desired. Yes, the burgers on pretzel buns are good, but the rest of the menu never seems to be that impressive. Also, the service always just seems to be just, meh. Sure, they'll take your order but then they often seem to disappear for most of your meal and getting refills or even your check can be an adventure.With so many other good places in the area I don't know how The Lodge survives.
4	My go to place to watch any game. You can always find dogs on the patio too. Service is great, but the food can be hit or miss.
5	to be PERFECTLY honest...I don't think The Lodge food should be considered "Bar Food".  It should be considered..."This will change your life and will slap you like the doctor did to your butt the day you were born" good food.  I have YET to purchase ANYTHING from The Lodge menu that I didn't LOVE.  I recently just had something from there breakfast menu....the Breakfast burger(I think that is the name).  Holy hell!!!  Cooked to order clean beef, over Texas toast,  smothered in with melting cheddar cheese, with an over easy egg on top.  If i had a hangover, this would have been the cure...instead...I just REALLY enjoyed this Perfect burger.  I have been to the Lodge COUNTLESS times.  The service is ALWAYS GREAT!!  the Happy Hour specials are ALWAYS perfect.  (The Wings....THE Wings...THE WINGS!!!!!!!)  OH.....and they have this dipping sauce for your Sweet Potato Fries that will LITERALLY make you wanna slap your momma!!  I need a straw with it...and I am happy.  Overall...the Lodge is the PERFECT Place.  The Beer is always cold.  The Tv's are always clear.  The Cornhole bags are always open to play..and life is just easier there.  With all the  Scottsdale Douche Bag Bars popping up left and right........the Lodge stays close to their Roots.  VERY NON-DOUCHE BAG FEEL...at least during the week and before 10pm on the weekends  =)  I love this place.  It is my "Security Blanket."Go there and tell them....Mike DLT sent you  =)
5	Fight broke out but thats to be expected. Played Giant Jenga and Corn Hole (or bags for you posers). Drinks were tasty and really enjoyed the inside. Love the patio as well.
5	so fun! perfect night out drinking stop to fill your belly! Watch out for the fireball shots :-p
5	My favorite establishment in Scottsdale, but I'm not sure I'd go if it wasn't Friday or Saturday night. The servers are some of the most legit, friendly but professional people you'll meet, and since I've been going over the last 2 years it's all the same faces every time, which I think is a good sign.  Like @Pudgino, I don't think i've ever had a food item here I haven't absolutely loved:-PRETZEL. with cheese sauce. fresh out of the oven... piping hot. best item there, I think i've consumed over 50 in my life.-NACHOS/TOTCHOS. order them with tater tots. the cheese sauce is probably more in the "fondue" arena, it's that good. it's just high quality ingredients all around. I don't know how they get their jalapenos to taste that fresh and crunchy either. -If you're dieting, I recently had the viking something-or-other which was grilled chicken with avocado and you can order steamed broccoli on the side, really really good. -Funny drink served here is called the stimulus package. Do it.I LOVE YOU LODGE
4	I have been here before and had a decent no frills burger and beer deal for 7 bucks. It is just a burger, no side and cheese (each is extra). It was good, but the regular burgers looked better. The best thing is happy hour every day from       3-7pm which is rare and that includes half price appetizers and three buck beers. I had the chicken fingers which were really good with sort of a beer batter on them, but they onl;y came three to an order for happy hour. The honey mustard was better than the bbq sauce and the douche factor wasn't that bad early on a Saturday night. The blonde female bartender has got to be one of the hottest in Scottsdale. I did not mind when she blocked my view of the game on the big TV at the bar. Will be back to try shredded chicken breast sandwich.
2	It's not my most favorite places to go in Oldtown-  I always drag my feet when we have friends who wanna go. There are a few good bartenders that are attentive but the rest of the staff is blah. The bouncers are very out of shape & grumpy - and it's just not a fun vibe place unless you are a little bit on the trashy side and enjoy  bar fights . I think the west side & very south Scottsdale crew would enjoy this place way more . I went to the opening years ago, and it was way more together back then. The vibe was more welcoming & cozy. Now, watch ur back for beers thrown, angry drunks in tight tees & painted on eyebrows.
1	I love when you're not a regular and they treat you like C$&).  We showed up with 12 people in a bicycle tour (second stop, we were not wrecked) and they nickle and dimed us over beers.  Was supposed to be a discount, and they could care less.SO many places in Scottsdale, skip this one!
4	Out of all the 984539845720398457 bars in old town Scottsdale, The Lodge has always been one of my top 2 choices. It's the best place to start the night, and I say this because after midnight there always seems to be a faint smell of vomit in the air, or aggressive & sloppy drunk girls in the bathroom.  Anyhow, this place is pretty solid all the way around.  Good stiff drinks, cool friendly staff,  and real hearty grub. From the humongous Sasquatch burger  (a hamburger that replaces the buns with grilled cheese sandwiches, which is big enough to feed Bigfoot) to some really tasty soups (I suggest the tortilla soup). During the week The Lodge has yummy dinner specials for about 9-11 bucks, as well as pretty good lunch specials, and happy hour from 3-7pm.  And if you want to watch a game with some tasty wings and beer, this is your spot!   I mean, where else can you go to a bar in Old Town that makes you feel like your in a warm cozy cabin, have some drinks, play pool inside, corn hole outside, and molest giant Sasquatch statues while your at it?
3	On this visit the waitresses were standoffish, but the blonde bartender was friendly as usual. I have noticed that if you move from the bar to the tables in front of bar, for some reason, the waitresses get annoyed. It involves transferring checks or something sill like that. It's the 2nd time I moved (my game wasn't on at the bar) and they just frown on you because they know they aren't getting the tip because I'm ordering from the bar. They walked past ten times without asking how my food was or offering napkins. Just a stone face, so stop your whining and do your job or get a new system or new job and lose that Scottsdale 'tude. This place is ass backwards sometimes too as they have big burly security guards clearing tables and delivering food. Now, that is cross training people.   The happy Hour pretzels are an excellent deal at 3 bucks for two large ones with some average cheese sauce on the side and the drink prices are far during 3-7pm.
2	Great food HORRIBLE service and service sets you apart. Fix the staff you are only as good as your WORST employee so that is bad.
5	Best bar food in the neighborhood.  Staff is always good.
4	Always have a great time at The Lodge. Lunch special is great.   One of the beat burgers you will find in a bar and a beer for $7.  Cant beat that.  Service is always great.  Brooke now works there as a bartender.  Came over from Loco Patron.   Great addition to the staff.
2	Next time I'm 22 years old, sporting a Mesh truckers hat, cliche tattoos and a bikini top I'll jump on here and give expert reviews.If you want a decent family/couples restaurant and a place to go without hearing the f bomb dropped every few minutes by kids - look elsewhere.Food was mediocre, prices ok, crowd and atmosphere unappealing.Apparently the Sasquatch burger is the thing to order. If you are under 25 and don't want to live past 50 this place rocks, if not - do yourself a favor and move along.That being said service was great and food was tasty - just head over before 7:00 to avoid the DB crowd.
3	Loved the pretzels here and the summer beer they had on tap. Two of my friends had the meatloaf special and absolutely loved it. I had the chicken wrap w buffalo sauce added and it was also really good. If I order it again though I think I would prefer it with a wrap instead of the pita. Excellent service and a nice place to meet with friends.
1	I literally made a Yelp account just to write this review. I was kicked out of 'The Lodge' for dropping a quarter glass of beer when playing bags and 'threatening to fight people' while there. First of all, I am just getting home right now. So, if I am too drunk, I am pretty confident it is at least within the range of average competency. Secondly, I've never challenged anyone to a fight ever, much less there. I apologized profusely after dropping that beer immediately after it happened. That was literally one of the worst bar experiences I've ever had. I will never go there again, and recommend the same to you all.
4	The Lodge is a great break form the normal Scottsdale Shenanigans.  Everyone fits in no mater what you're wearing or who you are, it's kinda like a little Vegas minus the gambling, money, hotels, glitz, bottle service, table reservations, cover charges, $13 cocktails and I'm sure much more.Weather permitting the patio is awesome for playing bags or just hanging out in the shade.  Drinks are cheap for Scottsdale and the scenery is awesome.
3	I've been here a few times to meet colleagues for a drink after work.  It has a nice wood interior and the booths have plenty of room for people to sit comfortably even when it gets packed.  Parking can be difficult if the area is busy, so arrive early if you want to park close.The happy hour menu is pretty good and so is the food.  My two favorite apps to order are:Cheese CurdsPretzelThe Cheese Curds are especially good....you can't find them in very many places and the few that have it aren't as good as this place.  The Pretzel is pretty awesome too.Overall, it's not too bad of a place.Return Factor - 75%
5	Posted a review to the wrong business.  Whoops
5	By far my favorite bar in Old Town! Comfortable atmosphere and great bartenders/servers!!
5	I don't come here on busy weekend nights so I'm not sure for the atmosphere but it's old town scottsdale, and a bar so I'm not sure what peoples expectation is...I went here on weekday dinner and Friday early happy hour ( their half off app is amazing deal :)). And it was not loud at all, just enough :D.  Service is always super friendly and everyone there always checks up on us, I guess it probably gets packed on the weekend so maybe service isn't as great but I'm sure you aren't expecting 5 star full course French meal service at a scottsdale bar on busy nights...Food is just so great! Love their prezles buns and their tater tots and onion rings, it's not soaked in oil like most place . So if you do enjoy yummy burgers check this place out and if you don't like bar crowd, just go here on weekdays or lunch !
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
5	The lodge is a great spot during the day, especially when DJ Sean Watson is in the booth!
4	If you like a good dive then this is your place! It's a Chicago Bear bar that offers good food and generic drinks. Believe it or not but this place has amazing salsa! They have a pool table, dart board, virtual golf, and a virtual bar game consul. It looks like a wood cabin! Have fun!
1	Tried to go here for lunch with 3 other coworkers.  We showed up at about 11:45 and the front door was propped wide open welcoming us in.  We stepped inside and the alarm panel by the front door was beeping uncontrollably, it felt like the a/c hadn't been turned on all day inside and there was not a soul to be seen in the entire place.  No customers, no employees, nothing.  We stood in the entry way for a good 5 minutes looking around and walked out.
3	Fun local joint that caters to those who are considered as regulars.  If your not identified as a local you will be made to wait.  I kind of appreciate that but at the same time my money spends as good as theirs. The food is great but the service is ho hum.
4	Saw this gem on diners drive-ins and dives. Everything lived up to its hype except my medium sasquatch ended up being well done. We had the white cheddar cheese curds,  their house wheat and a sasquatch. This was enough to feed 3 grown ladies!-1 for the waitress. She was more consumed with the boys at the bar then her tables.
4	Place has a great vibe but due to relocate so be sure to look for them at the next locations in Scottsdale and Tempe. The food is great and the guys running the joint have great customer service. You gotta love the laid back vibe very chill good music not too too loud. Loved it!
4	The place fits the name. Very relaxed and comfortable. Great patio with games if you like. People are super kicked back including staff. Service was great. I had the spicy chicken sandwich with tots. So good. My wife had the turkey melt and said the same. She says the sweet potato fries are the best she's had. Evidently happy hour is top notch. Never been but will at some time.
4	Still a nice staff and tried the Chicken Club. It was grilled and thinly cut and served on white toast with bacon, lettuce and tomato. Although that was pretty good, the marshmallow dipping sauce that was served with the mound of sweet potato fries was the highlight of that plate. The fries could still be crispier, but I will just tell them that next time. Nice bearded manager made way for my Yankees game again and never too crowded during Happy Hour.
5	One of my favorite low-key Scottsdale bars. Such good food!!! Awesome Sunday specials when food and drinks are super cheap. Looks like a log cabin, so it's especially enjoyable in the fall and winter. Perfect for date night or a chill night with friends.
4	Good grub!!
4	Local joint feels more like someone's basement than a sports bar. I mean, someone's tricked out basement. All the apps are above par in sports bar standards. The burgers are right there too. Servers and the crowd are friendly and the drinks are cold. Great place to watch the game.
4	How could one not like The Lodge?  They have beers on draft, beer by the bottle and plenty of spirits to get you all warm and fuzzy.  The Lodge also happens to have a pretty decent menu of food, and manages to do their food well.  Their onion rings are in the top 3 of my all time favorites... Big rings of onion, nicely battered, and fried to crunchy perfection.  I like to dip em in a big blob of ketchup, but maybe that's the Michigan in me.  The Lodge has a patio with some bar games if you're the type that likes to stay busy, as well as pool tables in the back.  The stools in the bar area got a makeover and are cushy now, which is much more acceptable to my behind than the previous slab of tree trunk for a seat (ouch!).  The staff is good, the crowd is a mixed bag of ages and interests.  Beware the bathrooms are tiny and if its crowded the ladies' line can get long waiting for one of the two stalls.
4	I enjoyed my time here as the place was built with wood/lodge, hence the name.  Sad to see that they closed this down.  Need to find another good place to drink and just to hang out with friends.
