1	Don't know where I should start. Grand opening was on September 17th, 2010. We went to try this new Dim Sum place at the Mekong Plaza as they heavily advertised in the chinese newspapers and were advertising 30% off.When I got there, the biggest eyesore is that they tried to make their portion of the Food Court as a regular "Chinese" restaurant. So imagine the picture of chandeliers hanging in the middle of a food court in the mall. It just looks too tacky, I thought they should've went with a more fast food type Dim sum like they have in San Gabriel, California.Upon checking in with the hostess, they don't even issue numbers, they only call you by name. So that was already pretty different from how usual chinese restaurant run things. Totally not efficient at all.Once we finally got a seat, things got worse.Our "Har Gow"/Shrimp dumpling was raw! The skin was thick and clumpy, the shrimp was severely undercooked. We asked them to exchange for another one, and it was still raw. We also had to exchange the shrimp egg roll as it was also raw. Their excuse was that they were too busy and did not have time to fully cook the food. Ok.....so how are the other 100s of asian restaurants able to serve dim sum at a fast pace with fully cooked food? That was probably the lamest excuse.The trademark "beef internal organs" that I always love to order was pathetic. They charged the large price for a tiny little bowl, there were only a few tendons and mostly filled with Daikon. The BBQ Pork bun, another staple of Dim sum, was not that great either. There was barely any char siu in the bun, and the exterior of the bun was not fully cooked.I understand that it is their first operating weekend, but the idea of a nice chinese dimsum place at a food court just doesn't fly in my opinion. They even offer wedding banquets here too. I don't think I'll be returning here unless they really upgrade the quality of the food. The idea is definitely novel, but will be a hard sell.
2	Growing up in California, my family has spoiled me with only the best of Chinese food. I am a little reluctant to search for a good Chinese food restaurant here in Arizona, but I couldn't resist the 30% grand opening deal on dishes I haven't had in a while and crave.Since it was opening week, the place was packed full and service was in disarray.  The decor was interesting....it was an attempt to turn an open food court into a fancy Chinese restaurant - chandeliers and all. Tacky, but honestly, I think it's amusing and gives it character. However, the location is very loud because it is after all an open food court. The table arrangements are also a little bit too crowded and I found myself almost back to back with the table next to me.Food was decent and good price with the 30% off. I had the cold salt and garlic chicken, squid with black bean sauce, and the seafood tofu hot pot.  The hot pot was a little bland. It was nice to see them use fresh chicken, rather than packaged. Overall, it tasted decent. Nothing stood out, and nothing was terrible. It was nice to have a little taste of what I miss back in California, but I probably won't be returning here.
1	Please don't confuse "Mekong Plaza" with "Mekong Palace"."Mekong Plaza" is one of the finest Oriental shopping center In Mesa (my opinion)."Mekong Palace" is a newly open Chinese Dim Sum diner (restaurant?) at the north end of the Plaza (basically a Food Court).I happen to be shopping at the "Mekong Plaza grocery store". I was excited to try out this new restaurant. (I wish I had read the review before - but I didn't - unfortunately). One of my favorite Chinese foods is "Dim Sum". Being it's newly open; I figure they would have some pretty good food.  Exactly the opposite! I wish I can say something nice; let me see; well the Tea was pretty good; and the ice water was pretty good. The waitress is pretty, beyond that, I can't think of anything now.
5	All I have to say is Hell I better move to California. Looking at the previous posters talking about how poor this restaurant is and how great the food is in California then I must really be missing out .  I have not dined at many California Asian food places, but I have chowed down at a lot of places in Arizona.  I got to say for me this place is awesome. The Food court issue:Yes  the restaurant  is at the end of the food court.  So what; it's partitioned off except during special events when they open up the whole area as the restaurant. They have a stage area set up so they can have presentations or bands. This is a very smart Idea in this economy. It is maximum use of space. The Food:Seafood so fresh you see it swimming in the tank and can pick the lobster, crab, catfish, ect. ect. Lobster for 9.95, come on, that's fantastic. The sweet and sour ship is excellent. Wanton Soup Excellent. Chicken and Snow pea's outstanding.  Hot Jasmine Tea FanFrickenTastic!!! However, egg roles were a little weak and they did not fold our Mushu Pork for us. The wait staff:English is hit or miss. Most seem very attentive, our water and tea were refilled often.  We did have to ask for forks as I do not like plastic chopsticks. They do not bring all the dishes at once.  Entrees are served as they are finished in the kitchen. All in all the food quality is excellent. The wait staff is fast and friendly. The decor is very nice. So I say try it, for the money it is well worth it.
3	So the setup is interesting.. since it is the same owner, Canton BBQ and Asian Noodle Kitchen in the food court as well as Mekong Palace all share the same kitchen and more or less the same menu (AND they own Chicken Noodle House around the corner).  So if you were really feeling like a cheapskate or want to avoid crap service, you could just order your dim sum to go and get your BBQ and noodle dishes at the food court side.Dim sum is served all week, though you might have to order most items off the picture menu during the weekdays.  Food was decent, but seriously dirty teapots at the spouts at several tables I looked at... c'mon, take 3 seconds to scrub off the wall of brown crud that surely built up over several servings... that's how long it took us.
4	I see a lot of complains abt their dim sum.  I think its cause of their opening hype and a new crew being unable to keep up with the opening day crowd ?Nonethless, I am giving this place a 4 star for the food, not dim sum cause I have not tried it.  I have eaten inside the restaurant area and outside in the food court area.  Decent selection.  Good food.  Especially of note is their roast and bbq items, like bbq pork and roast pork.  Both are excellent and done right.  Trust me, if you go to Best HK or buy them from Lee Lee, they will give u fatty bbq pork sliced very roughly in huge chunk.  Its not the way that should be served as the taste of a giant chunk of pork is a little overpowering especially if you have the bbq sauce flavor.My buddy who came to visit from Colorado loves their roast duck so much, he went there on the last 3 days of his visit.  His main complain was why I did not bring him there earlier in the week ?So U know, come here expecting seafood well prepared ,wok dishes cantonese style, cantonese/hk style bbq and U will have a good meal.  I cannot vouch for their orange chicken or mongolian beef but if U want asian american food, there should be a good offering inside the mekong supermarket at the food court.  Inside the mekong supermarket yes.  This one is at the Mekong complex main food court.  don't go to the wrong place okay !
4	This place is pretty fantastic on the value based scale. They are cooking up some HK style delights that rival local California chinese restaurants. They even have the crappy service down to a T. Actually the service wasn't that bad, they did give us new plates during the meal, which is kind of a classy move.The highlights included the lobster in ginger and scallions, peking duck, oysters in black bean sauce steamed on the half shell, and that fatty pork hot pot (the menu said "Pork Hock in red bean sauce" or something). The pork was stupendous, it literally melted in the mouth, the fat part that is. Prices were very reasonable. We ran a tab of about $18 a person out the door with tax and tip, and we ordered the gourmet stuff, not the regular stuff.The mall is nicely decked out with sumptuous tile floors, and it's kinda  a novelty to dine on upscale chine food inside a strip mall (the restaurant has no walls, just partitions to separate u from the mall).The hood is a bit rough, so make sure you are taking advantage of the new concealed carry law, and pack some heat in the small of your back. Actually, a shoulder holster might be better, cuz your pants will get very tight after the huge meal.Your Kong or Me Kong? MEKONG!
5	i think the restaurant is pretty and the chandeliers are pretty too! i think other reviews are definitely a bit harsh, considering they just opened and they probably need to get their act together a little more. but over all it is the nicest Chinese restaurant in Arizona period. every other place is dirty and tacky. at least i feel clean in the place. the food was decent in the beginning but they're getting better and better. I'm pretty sure in a few months time the food is gonna be as bomb as the Chinese food in California. i am also giving 5 stars to make up for the unfair ratings of previous people. you honestly can't find better Chinese food in Arizona. so kudos to Mekong palace! also the pricing is very good!
4	Yipeee!!! Very good Chinese food in Mesa. Now my hubby and don't have to drive to Phx to have good dim sum! Fast and friendly service!
2	i'm not a fan of their chicken feet, which is rather flavorless, and the cartilage isn't cooked to fall off the bone. the way it's cooked here almost triggered a bit of a gag reflex. i prefer the ones served at china buffet king. and their pricing for dimsum is all over the place...$5 for gai lan?
4	I've been to a few other places for dim sum, so my opinion is somewhat biased.  For the record, I'm also your standard adventure-seeking gringo, inspired by Andrew Zimmern.So, the wife and I decided to check out Mekong for their dim sum brunch.  Now, the prices are extremely fair.  There are 4 pricing categories for their dim sum, A, B, C, and D.  All choices A through C are priced at $2.18, while D is priced at $4.95.  Sodas are sold by the can, so we chose to have one can each of cola and we shared a pot of tea.We're not picky, but we chose not to indulge on the lovely assortments of "bun"-type dishes that were presented to us.  Instead, we focused our attention and appetite on the pork, chicken, and seafood offerings.  And boy, we were not disappointed with the food!  Some of our treats included shrimp shumai, chicken and shrimp crispy spring rolls, pork spare ribs with black bean sauce (basically just a serving of pork fat with some bone in it, but incredibly tasty), taro cakes, sharkfin dumplings, and several others.The servers were attentive, wheeling their cars around to every occupied table in the establishment.  Well, all the servers except for one.  I couldn't help but notice that one server seemed to avoid our table.  At first, I thought it was my imagination.  But then my wife noticed.  In fact, I watched her as she pushed her cart past us while making an effort to look in the opposite direction!  Of course, her cart had the items we were most interested in, so we were quite disappointed by her.  Were it not for that one server, we'd be giving our experience here 5 stars.I purposely struck up a conversation with one of the other servers, a very pleasant young man, who was managing a cart that had the words "beef organs" on the side.  I asked him what he was offering, and when he described it to me, I could not conceal my interest.  He joked with us that he didn't think we'd be interested in his dish.  Well, he was half right....my wife didn't want anything to do with it!  That plate was very interesting.  It consisted of various organ meats, including tripe and liver that I could identify, and several others I could not.  All of the meats were very soft and tender, which is unusual for organ meats.  My wife even tried some (what a trooper).  We should all be glad I'm the one writing this review :)Another of the dishes we tried was a flat noodle with shrimp.  Slippery devils, these were!  I was having such a hard time picking these up with chopsticks that one of the other wait staff was attentive enough to offer us forks.  He did it so politely that we joked with him to feign our offense, but we were actually quite thankful. The place settings do not include forks (an indication of their cultural authenticity, perhaps?)Oh, be thankful that there is a menu with pictures of each offering.  Most of the servers do not speak fluent English.  But when you ask them what they are serving, they can point to the picture and you can read it yourself!Overall, a fun experience.  Plenty of food, at bargain prices.  And before you leave, be sure to take a stroll through Mekong Plaza (the grocery store next door) and take in all the exotic tasties they have to offer.  It's not Lee Lee Market in its size or variety, but then it's also not as overwhelming.
4	Can you say Chaaayyp dim-sum in one sentence?  I suspect that this is lost leader pricing ($2.18) per dish.  Like all the start-up competitors to grace the east valley, they lure you in with outrageously low prices.  You get used to not looking at your bill and they all of a sudden raise the price, tack on a surcharge for tea or what not and you only notice it when you either give them your credit card or when you get home.Crossing my fingers that this is not the case.  Or just enjoy the chaaayp ride when you can I suppose.  I wouldn't say that this is the BEST dim sum I've ever had but it's not the worse either.  Everything seems to be up to par except the chicken feet and cheng-fun (don't know the english equivalent, sorry).  I guess I prefer my chicken feet and cheng-fun to be on the softer side.  Perhaps they could steam the chicken feet and or cheng-fun for a few more minutes to eliminate the "rubbery-ness"(?)I know what your thinking, "ok smarty, go home and make it yourself and see how hard it is..."We took some friends from Canada here because they told us that they pay upwards of $4.50/dish in Calgary, Alberta.  That's gotta suck.  That's more than we pay for a gallon of gas (knock on wood)After we waste the $3.50 per gallon in gas over the 14 mile round trip from north chandler, the discount is pretty much awash, so we just eat at China King (2-mile round trip, 36 cents in gas).  What can I say, I'm asian, we like to do the math.I'd definitely hit this again if I'm anywhere w/in a mile of the hood.  My wife loves to shop the Mekong market, and my kid loves to climb on the merry-go-round afterwards.  She's even gotten several free rides from other patrons who put there kids on it and are gracious enough to let our daughter ride along.  What were we talking about?  Oh yeah, dim-sumTry it, your bank account will love you.
3	We were with at a banquet party of 90ppl.  It was strange set up, the restaurant is actually part of the food court and tucked away in the side with portions.  So you can still see and hear the food court.  But hey if they have good food, I do not care.For serving a banquet of 90ppl, it takes good coordination and they did a pretty good job.  Here are the goods and the bads:Goods:Food was coming out the kitchen in a good rateThey came around to change out our platesThe combination plate appetizer was good:  roasted duck, soy sauce chicken, bbq pork, beef, and jelly bandsFrench beef cubes was tastySteamed fishBads:They did not serve us water after the meal was doneThe rice did not come until 7 of the 9 dishes were out Soup was blandBoiled chicken was just coldSeafood chow mein did not have enough flavor
5	Great value for dim sum! Interesting setup though. It's literally in the middle of the food court and split up with nothing but a few partitions, but the food was great!
4	Wifey and I were wandering around the Mekong Plaza yesterday, looking for someplace to eat lunch and then we were going shopping at the Mekong Market.  So we looked at a bunch of places and menus, some of which we had already tried before.  Then at the north end, we ran into the Mekong Palace.  Like some other poster said, it looks like they are part of a food court, and their seating section is a sectioned off part of the food court.  We decided to order some dim sum and were not disappointed -- the dishes were good and cheaper than any other dim sum restuarant.  We know this for a fact since we love dim sum and frequent many places in the east valley.  We also tried their house special chow mein noodles and that was pretty good.  Looked at their roast duck, roast pork, and char siu pork and ribs -- all looked good (but did not try) and all was cheaper than most every other place.  Our bill was very reasonable and we were not disappointed.  We probably will be back to try some other menu items.
1	BLECH!  Let me start off by saying that my dad is the king of horrifying cliches.  Strangely enough, they've actually become a vital part of my vocabulary and somewhat useful.1) If it sounds too good to be true, then it's probably too good to be true$2.18 per dish for dim-sum?2) you get what you pay forI was telling a buddy of mine that the price trumps the food AND the service.  After being away from the place for a month I forget how yucky the food is and the service is deplorable. 3) fool me once, shame on you.  fool me twice (4 times?) shame on me and i deserve to be ripped off the 3rd and 4th times.We were there on Sunday at 11am and my wife remembered that the carts come out from the kitchen and go around counter-clockwise.  Her theory is that by the time they get to the north side tables, all the food will have been picked at and decimated.  She insists that we be seated as far from the main entrance (north side) as possible.  We get a table right up against the back wall closest to the kitchen.  We're sitting there for about 10 mins and no carts even pass by.  I'm like thinking, "ok, dim sum is not really a fast food environment.  You stayed up way too late Saturday night and you stumble in for brunch.  It's supposed to be a slow, no rush, drink tea and have vibrant conversation with those around you."It was then that I started doing the math (not because I'm Asian.  I know what you were thinking).  I counted about 40 tables with 30 of them occupied.  I looked around to see what the MO of this place is.A) there are only 2 carts being pushed around at any time (are they trying to lower overhead costs by owning only 2 carts?)  Instead of having several carts with the same items going different directions, it appeared that the cart pusher would only go back and fill her cart when it was empty.  So instead of just exchanging her empty cart for a "pre-loaded" cart, she actually disappears for about 3-5 minutes (and I presume she's in the kitchen loading her cart?)B) since we had no food, I had time to count how many employees were on the floor and what their jobs seemed to be.  2 cart pushers, 3 bus boys (their job seemed to be water fillers, table clearers, and check retrievers) Fine, we all know that you can't seat people if there are no clean tables.  Then I counted 3 more (waiters?) with red vests going to tables and doing I don't know what (taking special orders?).  There was a man and woman that I assumed were the floor managers or owners that would be walking around doing "managerial" things like looking busy, answering questions, telling others what to do etc.All the while I'm thinking "more cart pushers (the food is kinda important here) and less whatever the other 8 people were assigned to do.The 1 hostess/cashier was trying to seat people, take numbers, and take peoples money.  I felt somewhat sympathetic towards her because I overheard a customer say "you gave us number 22" and just seated another party when you called out "22".  She apparently gave two patrons the same number.  She quickly apologized to customer "22b" and out of frustration handed him a slip of paper with the number "32".Needless to say, the customer was not at all pleased with the exchange and hotly protested "uh, I don't think we want to go 10 places to the back of the line!!"It was getting really ugly and awkward but one of the other employees came to the rescue by immediately seating "22b" and things were restored to semi-chaos.Oh, did I mention the food?  When the 1st cart came by our table, the pusher stopped by the table next to us and was fumbling with the little metal dishes and trying to cut the cheng-fun.  She seemed a little shaky and not at all concerned with serving the customers swiftly.  While she was trying to serve the other table, her cart was blocking the aisle and the other cart pusher had to stand there and wait until she was done.When the cart finally came to our table, we were so famished and anxious that we just started grabbing this and that in fear of never seeing the cart again.We grabbed the following dishes:1) shrimp cheng-fun:  Rubbery and kinda bland2) chicken feet:  Great sauce, but the chicken was not tender and again....rubbery (perhaps leave it in the steamer longer?)  Funny thing is, we've ordered the same 2 dishes the past 3 times and it's the same....RUBBERY!   I guess you could say it's our fault for falling for the same rubber chicken trick each time.3) Har-gow:  standard steamed pork dumplings, tasted pretty good (or was I just starving and grateful for anything that touched my chopsticks?) haha4) Wu-tao-gock:  Fried taro was decent5) Foo-jook-gien:  steamed pork with black fungus wrapped in bean curd skins.  was probably the best thing that touched our palates.I know what your saying, why do you keep eating the dim-sum if the quality is mediocre at best and the service is non-existent?PRICE!  it's like a mosquito drawn into a bug zapper.
3	It has been a year, since I have been here. I've been told by several friends they have a new Dim Sum Chef, new manager, new staff. So I decided to check it out.Sure enough, the Dim Sum is much better - on par with other Dim Sum places in the valley.  They removed one wall so the place feels roomier. The place was hot, 82F at our table. I brought this up with the management lady. She said there is nothing they can do, air-conditioning was limited to what the mall provided. Other than too warm, this place is all right.
2	See madison d. Review (it says it all)I will not be coming back here despite getting my water topped off three times in forty minutes.  Only 2 carts and very small selection.  Definitely sit where the carts come out!!! They have lots of people working here but, only 2 pushing carts which are almost empty by the time they got to our section.Price is very good and taste ok
4	Went here for hot pot.  They offer 5 or 6 types of broth ($2) including satay, Szechwan, and Mongolian.  There are a lot of different meats and vegetables to choose from that you choose a la carte and mark down on a sheet.  Our party of 4 shared some rib eye ($4 each order), lamb shoulder ($5 or $6), winter melon ($2), fried soft tofu, baby bok choy, lotus root, pork, pork blood cubes, and beef ball.  Generally meats will be about $4-6 and vegetables/tofu will be around $2-4.  Our total including one soda ($1.50 for 1 can) ended up ~$15 per person including tax and tip.  The meats and vegetables were delicious and fresh, and there is a sauce/condiment station where you can mix your own bowl of sauce (Sauces and condiments include soy sauce, sesame seeds, chili sauce, sesame sauce, satay, green onion, dried garlic, and cilantro).  Each person at the table gets one pot on an induction cooktop, and dessert is included in your hot pot.  We had a refreshing almond/coconut jello, the perfect complement to our meal.  We'll definitely be heading here again for more hot pot since it's a pretty good deal for what you get.
5	I went here for dim sum with my parents who are visiting from northern cali on a Sunday.  I wanted to get their take on it.  Before this place, China King down in Chandler was always my favorite dim sum place.  They had a great variety, the dim sum was not greasy, and the service was decent.Mekong Palace does what China King does but even better.  There are more varieties of dim sum to choose from.  The restaurant is also a lot bigger and much cleaner with their tile floor.  China King's carpet has gotten really dirty over the past few years.  The usual chicken feet, har gow, siu mai, chow fun, and congee, which are my standards, are excellent here.  Also every time I go, I always seem to find some new item I've never tried before.Price wise, it's as cheap as it can get.  With 4 people eating all the dim sum they can and hot tea, I think the bill is usually $40-$50 total.To top it off, you can go grocery shopping next door after you're done or grab a boba tea at the taiwan cafe in the mall.My parents said the dim sum was pretty close, if not equal, to what they get in the bay.  Definitely my favorite dim sum place in the valley, and I've been to  cfu, china king, phoenix palace, golden buddha, and great wall.
3	This place has some of the best dim sum I have yet found in Az (NOT the best dim sum, just the best in this area....) But, unfortunatly, somewhat poor service. Actually, I'm not really sure what happened...I've been here a few times before, but the other day when we came by to eat, I had never seen it so busy! Maybe because of the holidays?? Anyways, they were definitely understaffed, if not out front, for sure in the kitchen......They didn't even have half the available dim sum dishes as they normally have. Plus, as another reviewer experienced, we were sat in the back near the stage, and barely got to see the carts come through to us. When they did make it to our table, the best dim sum was gone. Funny thing, my favorite dish is BBQ pork bun. They, for some reason, were not coming around with them. So, finally I asked the maitre'd if there was any available, she said there was, and she would bring us out an order shortly. Well, the cart lady came around and I tried to tell her we had the buns coming (by pointing to the item on the menu, and signaling that it was coming) she laughed at me! And shook her head, 'no! no!' indicating that I was nuts! Whatever, I guess she was the nutty one, because they did bring out the buns just for our table. (see, they aren't that bad!....just, apparently, communication between themselves is just as bad as the communication with their English speaking customers!....)To sum up, for me, the dim sum is worth any of the misstreament one may go through in order to get it. At least until I can visit Chinatown in New York, or if by some miricale, a new dim sum place opens up here offering even better food (and at least kinder service...)
4	where did this place come from, I guess i'm not from Mesa so  I would never find this place on my own.  Step inside the Mekong Palace, it might look like another strip mall and as soon as you step inside your in  extreme Asian territory.  I really can't ready everything.  Ok keep walking it might seem deserted later in the day but the food court was poping when I was there.  there's defiantly a nice selection of small business and restaurants.  Mainly the Dim Sum and the Soup place is why I go there.  Vietnamese place serves Hot Pot. meaning you buy veggies and meat and then everyone heats up their own soup. Installed for every seat at the tables is a little warming plate to cook your soup.  Kind of cool. Whatch out a few dollars here and there can really add up but for the most part very affordable. You also have to make your own sauce so make sure you do that right.
4	Very good.  It's the big semi-curtained off restaurant on the north end of the Mekong Plaza food mall hall, in case you're unfamiliar with the layout.  I'm rating it for the various takeout noodle dishes as I haven't tried the (very popular) dim sum yet.
4	I went here recently with my Asian friends for Chinese new year for our yearly tradition of dimsums. I really had a very nice time. The food and tea came at regular intervals and I don't think I stopped eating the 2 hours I was there. I do not know the names of the dishes but everything I tried was delicious- the dumplings, turnip cake, noodles, the desserts were some of my favorites. I think I enjoyed more as I went at a very festive time of the year with people who knew what to order. So, if you know even one Asian, tag along with them , let them do the ordering and sit back and enjoy.
4	This place probably had some bad reviews when they first opened up.  They probably were issues at that time.  Anyway, My wife and I have been here many times as customers.  They have improved over the time, and are perhaps now respectable.  Go on the weekends (Saturday or Sunday morning), and enjoy their dim sum.  It is good for Mesa AZ.  It is not like Hong Kong, but it is good.Also, you should go there for the hot pot.  Wife and I went there yesterday for hotpot.  I suggest some kind of combination like the following:Szechuan Pepper BrothChickenSpinachVermicelliCreate a hotpot from this.  The only thing that I would recommend to Mekong Palace for the hot pot area, which you cook yourself at your table, is that they provide some recommended combinations on the hot pot menu based upon what they see being ordered.  This may make this more accessible and allow them to attract some adventurous non-Asian customers.
3	Now i love going to the Mekong Plaza, especially to Unphogettable and the supermarket.  But i wanted some dim sum and heard the Mekong Palace in the back of the little mall had dim sum.  I was bringing along my nephew and was seated pretty quickly during lunch time.  Now I've been to allot of dim sum places in the Vally, and usually the dim sum carts usually come strolling to your table even before the drink order is placed.  Not here.  My drink order was taken and arrive but still no dim sum.  Even a waiter came by to ask if i wanted a menu like i just arrived.  I informed him that we wanted dim sum and said the cart would arrive shortly.  Now take in mind, there's about six tables eating during the lunch hour and only one dim sum cart going around.  So i decide to take a look at the dim sum and lunch menu in case it look a little longer.  The dim sum menu is pretty large and the cool thing about weekdays and most of the day, all of the dim sum items in the A,B or C columns are all 2.38.  The rest of the menu will cost 4.95.  Finally after two cups of tea the dim sum carts arrives and the lady at the cart is showing me items that pretty much i don't want to try.  I only settle on three items, the shrimp dumpling, the pork and veggie dumpling, and baked rolls with BBQ pork inside.  I asked for the steamed pork buns but she said she will have it later.  Since she didn't have the steamed buns, i settled for the pork and rice wrapped in lotus leaf.  All were good but very unexpected because you can get that at any dim sum place.  While eating i was looking at the menu, i noticed these soy sauce chow mein that look like something good.  It was 7.95 and didn't want a whole order so asked the waiter if i could get an order but a smaller portion.  The waiter said that he can make a dim sum portion for 4.95 and would be happy to get that order in!  That i was happy about and it took only a couple of minutes, which was quicker then the dim sum cart to come around!  Even thought i had to put in the order, the noodles were amazing, soft and crunchy with bean sprouts!  Great way to end my meal and my nephew loved the noodles as well.  Next time i come, it may just be for the soy sauce chow mein!The service is pretty quick but can't say that for the dim sum carts.  But I'm gonna just look and see if there are more then one of the carts around before i have dim sum.
4	Inside the mekong palace there is a separate area to the side that is actually a small Hot Pot restaurant.  While the restaurant area is fairly small they made it very functional, each table has two burners built so that everyone can have their own broth. They had a great selection of food to choose from (from your typical sliced beef to razor clams) after you order you walk to the front and they have a table that is just for all of the sauces you can mix yourself. They gave you so many options and it was nice to be able to make more than just one sauce. The meal turned out great and the service was good  Overall I was pretty impressed, it reminded me of having a family dinner at my mother in-law's house. So if you are looking for a good place to enjoy hot pot without all the troubles of doing at home but just as good make sure you check this place out.
4	Coming from Southern California, I have pretty high standards for Dim Sum. I was passing by Phoenix on my way to Albuquerque and decided to get some dim sum, as the Valley is the last bastion of Chinese food before I head east. I honestly didn't know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised.First of all, the prices are very very reasonable. You cannot even get $2.38 for practically all items (except for large specialty items) in Orange County or San Diego. You'd have to go to New York, San Francisco, or the San Gabriel Valley to find dim sum cheaper than what you find here.Secondly, the quality is pretty good. The shui mai was tasty, even if it wasn't great looking. The clay pot rice with spare-ribs was pretty good. The bowl of stewed tripe was decent, albeit a bit smaller in amount than I would find in LA. The only big disappointment was the fried sticky rice, which came out a bit dry.Service was fairly decent when I was there, much better than the average in SoCal, which can range from tolerably forgetful to disgustingly rude. Sure, the service isn't the friendly service I would get when I go to a nice sit down Italian joint, but I'm also not expecting that.Bonus, they do well in decorating a space that's essentially an end of an indoor strip mall pit. I'll be back when I drive back west towards home!
5	Update:  Still haven't tried the dim sum. I'm not that big on dim sum.  But their regular dishes are excellent.  I love the noodles here.
5	We wanted to try Makong Dim Sum since it is closer to our home and we hadn't tried Dim Sum there. We went this morning and had an amazing brunch! No wait and they were very busy, they sat us right away and as soon as we sat down the carts were already coming around. We just kept selecting our favorite dishes and even took enough home to have more for dinner. The food selection isn't as extensive as Great Wall in Central Phoenix, however they have a nice selection and prices are really good. $2.98 per selection for ABC and D is $4.95. We had 4 meals for $30. The service was amazing, I would say better than any place I have been to here. Tea pot never emptied, water glass never emptied...constant attending to used dishes and very available if you had additional needs. We really enjoyed our brunch there and will most likely go there much more often. C-Fu Gourmet is pretty good, but the service prices and selections are a bit to be desired. Great Wall by far is the best for variety and quality of Dim Sum but Makong Plaza Restaurant comes in close 2nd.
5	Nice place to go to the Asian market and also the filipino food in wholly grill as well as the dimsum!
1	Yummy, who doesn't love dim sum, roaches and  flies?I had dim sum here once before and liked it until I just saw the 5/22/2012 Maricopa restaurant violations on the news.  Mekong Palace got 16 violations.  Gross!  http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food Establishments Search&as_type=Food
3	Deducted two stars as the lo mein with roast pig was pretty scroungy this time - oily, salty, little vegetables, pork didn't taste so good.  Quality decline, off day?    Anyway, I'm back to awarding the Godzilla #1 approval ratings to ACE across the street and Best Hong Kong down the road.
2	This review is based on my experience with their dim sum. I came here for a Sunday brunch. This is prime time dim sum time. I have had dim sum in many cities including Boston, Atlanta, Orlando, Memphis, and Westminster. This place had awesome customer service. I have never been to a place that has refilled my water and tea more than this place! Love the service! The food. Maybe it was an off day. I was tasty but it wasn't the wow you'd expect. Dim sum carts steam the food so once placed on the table it's hot and ready. I didn't see it. Also the had two bottles on the table labeled "soy sauce". Surprise surprise one was definitely not soy sauce. It's vinegar (same color as soy sauce here). This place gets packed so I thought I would be getting some legit dim sum. If you're looking for a great dim sum place, I highly recommend China King in Chandler.
4	I gave them back a  star. I like their noodles.
3	This review is only for their dinner menu, which is pretty good Chinese food.  They make some really good veggie, fish, and beef dishes for a fair price.  The wait staff are friendly and pretty attentive.  They always keep my glass full.  I would try to stay away during a night when they have a banquet going on because the food comes out of the kitchen really slowly.
4	I'm from NY, so I grew up going to many Chinese restaurants.  I can honestly say that Mekong Palace is a gem in Mesa, AZ for authentic HK style food.  I've been here many times, for a quick lunch, a late night dinner, and a weekend Dim Sum event.  All of my experiences have been great.First, let me talk about their BBQ: roast pork, duck, chicken, etc.  The BBQ which you can buy by the pound or get it over rice for lunch is very good quality.   This reminds me of the Chinese BBQ back in NY.  For dinner they offer a nice selection of options ranging from deep fried whole fish to a steamed fish with soy sauce, scallions ,and ginger.  Also,  I like to order the "Chow Mien" (pan-fried noodles) with your choice of protein.  They have basically everything on the menu.  If you don't know what to order, just ask your server, they are very helpful.Now for my Dim Sum experience they offer your typical "Dim Sum".  I was amazed by the selection and quality.I consider these the standards:Siu Mai - Pork and Shrimp dumplingHar goh - Shrimp dumplingWu Tao go - Fried Taro CakeHa cheung - Shrimp wrapped in rice noodles......and plenty more!Also, I have experienced a high level of service during my Dim Sum meal with my friends.  I would ask them if they had a particular dish, and they said they were still cooking them and that they would be ready soon.  To my surprise, when they were ready, the server personally delivered that particular Dim Sum to us.  That act seldom happens at a Dim Sum restaurant partially because the restaurants are usually too busy and because the servers just don't care.  You don't have to worry about that here :-).  Also, the servers speak english, no worries.  Therefore, come here and experience real Chinese food.  O, did I mention the price is super reasonable!!!
4	This restaurant gives you a lot of food for the price. We ordered the mushi pork, pan fried noodles and mixed vegetables with black mushrooms. The mushi pork was great  but the pan fried noodles were overwhelmed with the sauce. The mixed vegetables was okay I should have ordered my favorite, Chinese broccoli. We brought half of the food home except for the mushi pork that we devoured.One thing I really disliked was the plastic chopsticks. It was a test to see how much food you could get to your mouth before the food would slide off the chopstick.
3	Not a bad place for dim sum. Have been here several times now. Most of the time it's been satisfactory.
4	Came here for dinner and dim sum. Dinner probably deserves 5 stars but dim sum was probably 3 stars, so I'll just average my experience to 4 stars. Food: Dinner: There's these dishes that are on sale right now for less than $10 and most of them are clay pot dishes (which are DELICIOUS!). All the dinner items we ordered were AMAZING! Especially the green beans! Those were flavored and stir fried to perfection! I've had this dish many times at many different places and this was by far the BEST green bean dish I've ever had! The clay pots were ALL amazing! Everything tasted SOOO GOOD! Dim sum: Not enough dim sum items and the ones that did show up were only ok. We were sitting around for a really long time and nothing would come. When the ladies did come by with the carts, they would not even try to sell us anything. We had to be all proactive and ask everyone what's in the carts. Even when we did that, the ladies would just say "nothing new" and push the cart away. We had to order things from the kitchen but even those things would take forever to come. A few of the dim sum dishes we ordered came AFTER we asked for our check and paid already. Service: Dinner: Great service! No complaints there!Dim sum: REALLY SLOW...why was there no food??? Ambiance: This restaurant is in the middle of a food court of a shopping plaza. They just put up dividers to section off the "restaurant" from the rest of the food court. I was hesitant to eat at this place, but I'm glad I did because dinner was amazing! Dim sum...that's a different story. If you get over the fact that you are really sitting in the middle of a food court, then it's not so bad. Price: Both dinner and dim sum items were pretty cheap. Overall: I really liked eating dinner here! All the dishes were delicious! Dim sum probably would have been better if there was more food and the dim sum ladies were better about showing us what was available. I would totally come again for dinner but maybe not dim sum.
4	Nice selection and great customer service. Try the dim-sum on weekends but get there EARLY if you don't want to wait. Afterwards, ask for a mango pudding. It comes with a little evaporated milk on top and is oh so yummy!
4	Mekong Palace Hot Pot was a nice find, tucked in the side of the restaurant. Ive been in half a dozen times, and it stacks up against Tien Wong Hot Pot any day of the week. Less Expensive with a better selection of raw ingredients and a nice flavorful Szechwan Broth.My full review is available at http://forkvsfood.com/?p=213
5	This place is just AWESOME! We found it by accident and are extremely glad we did. Following an hour long Massage in the same Plaza we went inside Mekong Plaza, an indoor shopping center catering to Asian restaurants, market and other retail stores. We found Mekong Palace and had a GREAT meal! 2.5 pound lobster (from their tank) with ginger and scallions, fresh oysters in black bean sauce, Gai Lan, rice, tea and dessert for $40.00!! The service was great and we were made to feel at home. We went back the next day for Dim Sum and again, we were thrilled with EVERYTHING!
3	A nicer restaurant with chandeliers and newer furniture. The favorites of the night were the steamed fish, pepper beef, and the red bean dessert. Everything else was kind of underseasoned and bland (fried rice was just oily, but not fragrant and spiced, and so was the bokchoy). Service is a little awkward. They always reach across your plate to place things instead of turning the lazy susan.
1	Strange atmosphere, in the middle of a "curtained off" mall food court...brightly lit like a hospital. The food was REMARKABLE!!! The honey walnut shrimp was the best I've ever had. Unfortunately I will not eat there again and will give them no more of my business or money. According to their menu they serve shark fin soup. I have made the personal decision to NEVER support businesses that serve or sell products made from shark fins. "Finning" is the procedure used to collect the ingredient. This involves cutting the fins off a live shark and throwing it back into the ocean to drown and die on the sea floor. It is EXTREMELY cruel and inhumane. Arguments have been made that the whole shark is butchered and put to use and THIS IS NOT TRUE. THEY DO NOT USE THE WHOLE ANIMAL. Finning is a horrible practice and many states even have laws against serving shark fin. If you are okay with this kind of cruelty, by all means, visit Mekong Palace and enjoy the delicious food. If you have a heart, you will boycott all business supporting this practice.
5	Best dim sum in Arizona , hands down no competition!
3	I had the dim sum.  I thought it wasn't particularly bad, but it wasn't that great either.  The service was fast at least, but it's a little weird because it's located in a closed off portion of a food court.  Maybe they're looking for space to move into later.
3	Since most of the Chinese places here in the valley are not that great this place was a pleasant surprise for the food.  The restaurant itself is really just half of the food court cordoned off to segregate some tables for the Mekong dining area.  They have fish tanks of live seafood you can order which is pretty neat.  The menu is pretty giant and they have a good sized selection of vegetarian food.  The vegetable with black mushroom dish I had was very good it just took a really long time to come out.  My buddies's peking duck came out about 10 minutes before mine.  I'm not really sure what happened. Our waitress was very nice and helpfull with the menu and our questions about the food before we ordered.  So for having a pretty long wait and the fact you are basically eating in a food court they are a solid three and it's a pretty fun place to eat.
4	Everytime I visit Phoenix, I always have to stop by here at least once before leaving back to Tucson. This place is delicious! I've came here with many friends and families and every one just loves the food here! The restaurant is located inside a big Asian supermarket, making it covenient to go shopping for Asian food right after you eat to digest or before you eat. I always order the PHO here and it's really delicious! The setting and workers are nice as well and this place is a definite place to go check out if you up in Phoenix looking for some good good. Take it from me, I really go here a lot! :)
4	Dim Sum. Amazing selection and variety. Super friendly staff. Extremely affordable.
4	So while you shop at the grocery store....check out the awesome dim sum place inside......damn.....this is the best in Arizona so far. Lots of variety. Makes me want to sum dim.....hmmm....
4	Dim Sum is great here. The people are on top of what they do, never run out of food or drinks. Highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of Asian cuisine!
2	We came here for dim sum after rave reviews from some trusted friends.  Well....eh.First, their "duck tongues".  Supposed to be great.  Frankly, they were like chicken feet.  Nothing to them.  Just bone (yes, there's a bone in the tongue).  Not really the fault of Mekong Palace, of course.  Just the nature of the duck tongue.But as for the rest, it was very strange.  Pretty much everything we had tasted basically the same.  Shumai, dumplings...everything.  Tasted the same.  Not that it tasted "bad".  It didn't.  But what's the point in a variety of things if they all taste basically the same?  It was boring.Probably won't be coming back here.
5	Mekong Palace is located off Dobson Rd. and Main St. in Mesa.  This food court eatery is located inside the Mekong Plaza shopping center.  Mekong Palace is a trifecta of a restaurant.  During the day they offer up Dim Sum, the evenings it's either classic Chinese dining or Hot Pot!Dim Sum is what I like to call Asian Tapas.  Dim sum, literally translated, means "touch of the heart." Traditional legend says that women would make dim sum dishes for their husbands before they went off to work.  For this reason, dim sum is very labor intensive, made up of small Bo-Bite-sized pieces (usually served in dishes of 2-4 pieces) with attention to detail; even going so far as lines on dumpling wrappings.  Dim sum is traditionally served for breakfast and lunch and is considered an art form amongst Chinese chefs. Modern day Dim Sum is served by the waitstaff pushing carts around and in between tables, while patrons view and select the dishes in the carts.  My family and I usually go on Sunday mornings like most Asian families.  I jokingly call this Sunday gathering Chinese Church.  Dim Sum is also called "Yum Cha" or drinking tea since tea is the choice of beverage.Mekong has all your favorite Dim Sum plates from Siu Mai, Cha Siu Bow, Nah My Guy to Guy Lans and Nai Wong Bows.  Yes, I know, it sounds so foreign, but it's the only way to order it.  No worries, the servers translate all these dishes in English well.   Make sure you bring a Chinese speaking friend.  Not only is it almost a requirement, but makes it more fun, as well.  I love the Dim Sum here not just because the food is great, but because of the atmosphere.  Mekong rocks out on classic Andy Lau, Jacky Cheung, and Vivian Chow music playing while you enjoy a great meal with family and friends.During the evening, Mekong Palace pumps out great Chinese cuisine.  They have everything from your favorite Kung Pao Chicken to your Sweet and Sour Pork.  However, they also have some great classic authentic Chinese dishes such as Stir-fried Lobster, Mapo Tofu, and my favorite, Stir-fried String beans and pork.  Think that's it?  Well think again!  Mekong Palace also offers up Hot Pot style dining.  Here at Mekong you get your own pot of hot boiling stew and choice of flavor, while cooking your own ingredients made to order; fresh chopped vegetables, round eye beef and diced calamari.  I love eating Hot Pot here since it's very tasty and also very affordable.  At $2-$3 per plate, this place can get you full real quick at a very fair value
5	Excellent Dim Sum (Chinese dumplings), in Phoenix of all places.  Tried a few new pieces this time including the shrimp (paste) on green pepper, which was delicious.  Of course the pork buns, an old standby, fresh out of the oven are to die for.  And the crispy shrimp balls, woo hoo!  Me, I ALWAYS get a side of the BBQ duck -- and it is NEVER less than fantastic.   The fried shrimp, with garlic and jalapeno, wowee!  The carts just keep on coming, and the ice tea refills are prompt.  In other words, great service AS WELL AS fabulous dim sum. If you're a Dim Sum aficionado, Mekong Palace is great news, you do NOT have to travel to San Francisco.  If you've never eaten Dim Sum before, only heard about it, go to Mekong Palace and be adventurous.   You'll be glad you did!
3	Came around noon and the wait wasn't so bad. I didn't like that they didn't have enough people pushing the cart. For the amount of people there, there should be more people serving. The food was OK and the place itself is just a bunch of tables placed in middle of a food court. all and all.....its just OK.
4	Located in the Mekong Plaza food court, we found this place by accident.  We went to the Filipino restaurant next door (Wholly Grill).  I was telling my wife that it had been a long time since I had a really good beef stew noodle soup.  She had a craving for yang chow fried rice, but we had ordered at the Grill.  (See separate review.)  We went to the Palace and ordered both items to go for the following day at home.  We live in Prescott Valley and there isn't a decent Chinese restaurant within 50 miles.  It was excellent!  The beef stew noodle soup was flavorful and the meat was quality.  I'm not a big fan of fried rice, but the one we brought home could change my mind.  They have a nice and spacious setting for a food court environment and there's no doubt we'll be back.
4	They can be inconsistent.  Some dishes are excellent, but some dishes - like the beef chow fun and Singapore style chow mai fun I recently had - are not.  The beef chow fun was awful, tasteless and far too much bean sprouts.  Their wheat noodle dishes are good, and the rice noodle dish with shredded duck I just had was really good.  Yes, I like their noodle dishes.  The roast pig is excellent.   Their dim sum is extremely popular.  Interesting dishes too, like the fish maw soup - good.  Most of the time it's really good. I'd give them a five if they were more consistent.
2	Went there this past Sunday, food is very tasty, ordered family style and everything came out timely and good size portions. The one tip if you come here is bring a fly swatter or fly zapper. We had flies all over our table and had to keep waving them away and covering each dish with a napkin. I looked at other tables and either all the flies were at our table or they did not care if they had flies landing on their food.
3	Pretty standard dim sum. It's good, but not LA or Hong Kong good. The size of the pastry dishes (i.e. bbq pork bun or gai mei bao) were noticeably smaller. They also weren't melt in your mouth soft, but it tasted like it should taste. The lo baht go wasn't as flavorful and cold when we got it. The hahm sui got was on par. The location is interestingly inside an Asian shopping complex next to the food court. I like how it was brightly lit there and looked clean.
2	I am sad. Just because I ordered no. 32, not anything else (I guess), they asked me to sit outside of their tables. Which is in front of boba drink food court. I can't eat there on their table. It happened twice. I thought it just me but it's not right if you treat customers like this:(.
4	Typical dim sum served at this restaurant is typical, raging from fair to very good. Most members of the service staff are friendly, a few are efficiency oriented.
3	I took off a star because while their dishes are usually 5 star it seems that on occasion they have the B team working in the kitchen and they do not know how to cook at all and then it's one star - like the shredded duck i just ordered, which is usually very good, but this last time some fool just took his cleaver and chopped up random bits and  bones and gristle and tossed it in.Phoenix Palace, a few miles south on Dobson, is much more consistant.
4	The last time I had Hot Pot it was in Taipei and it was 2009. Clearly I was due for a repeat. Since my China days are over, I had to rely on my friends to take me where they thought the most authentic stuff was in Phoenix, so all 10 of us gathered at Mekong for some Hot Pot goodness.Here is my easy guide to eating Hot Pot at Mekong.ORDERINGSharing is Caring!!  Since Hot Pot is all about sharing, the hard part about it is the strategy. The bigger your party, the harder it will be to coordinate. Groups of 4-6 are ideal. 10 is just a mess. Make sure you all figure out what you collectively want to eat (everyone likes meat? Ok, a couple portions of meat. Only 2 like mushrooms, Ok only 1 serving). Otherwise if everyone fills out an order card with their personal preference you will end up with 1) too many leftovers, 2) a giant billPICKING FLAVORSGo a little past your comfort zone on flavors. A big/spicy/tasty broth is good as you will not be drinking it, but just dipping your sides in it. The stronger the broth, the better the flavors of your sides will be. Also, go above and beyond when making your dipping sauce. Mix and match! Spicy soy sauce mixed with satay, sesame seeds, garlic and cilantro is a good base. Again, you're not drinking the sauce, just dipping your cooked goods in it. The stronger, the better!COOKING YOUR STUFFThink like a chef. Not everything will take the same amount of time to cook. The meat will take 10 seconds (in-out-done). The taro will take the longest. Dumplings will take a while to cook, while bok choy, greens and some veggies will be faster. Noodles will also be pretty fast so check often. Also, don't over boil your broth! you have the temp controls under the table, so pick a temperature where you get steady heat and bubbles without making a giant mess and overcooking everything. Experiment! EATING YOUR STUFFShare Share Share. Pass along the sides, try everything (coagulated blood, tripe, fish balls, you name it). If you really want to take some leftovers home, I suggest you cook them prior OR take some of the broth home to cook later. Most of the stuff really don't make good leftovers, so I wouldn't particularly bother unless you went overboard with the ordering.PAYING YOUR STUFFBased on the whole sharing technique, I would just split evenly (except for drinks). Since sides get passed around, splitting according to what you ate might be a giant pain in the ass- for both you and the server. Expect to pay around $20 including some drinks.Overall experience was fun and worth returning. The list of options is large and the quality is A-OK. Doesn't compare to my Taiwanese experience but hey, this is Phoenix after all.
5	Mekong Palace is definitely my choice for dinner and dim sum, ALWAYS.  While there's no solid walls perse, the decor and ambiance is decent.  How can you not love the cleanliness?Dim sum:  The prices are a steal for the quality that you get.  Food is fresh, dumplings are big [that's what she said], and the food is just downright amazing.  It doesn't matter if you're the first for dims sum or the lat, the food is always fresh.  Service is always superior and your tea pot is never left empty for more than a couple minutes.  Those kids are on the ball about keeping the pot filled!  I love their seasonal items like the little fried sweet potato balls of heaven and their special items are always exciting to try.  Food is genuinely authentic and I love it here!Dinner:  Dinner is just as great.  Mekong Palace is the only place to go for Peking Duck.  While other places makes a delicious bird, they usually just give you the skin only with the buns.  At Mekong Palace, they hook it up.  You get the skin for the buns of course but they also prepare two more little dishes with the price of the one dish:  You get lettuce wraps and the duck meat itself.  It's DELICIOUS!  Food at dinner is just as amazing and the portions are gigantic.  This is definitely my favorite place to go when I want some Chinese food [well, here and my mama's house].
5	This is my favorite place for dim sum AND hot pot in the Phoenix area!Dim sum always has a wide variety of dishes fresh from the kitchen.  You HAVE to try the coconut jello, it's one of my favorite desserts.  The consistency is fluffy, and not quite like a jello.  It's hard to describe, but so delicious.  Plus, prices are CHEAP.  I can eat here with friends and leave stuffed and only pay $10 (including tip!).Hot pot is also great and they qive you a lot of food in each order.  I love that each person gets their own individual pot to cook meat and veggies in, so each person can choose a different flavor broth if they want.  Plus vegetarians won't get their broth tainted by meat-eaters.The only con is if you arrive at the busy time on the weekend, you will have to wait to get your dim sum.  Best to arrive around 10 or 10:30 to avoid the wait.
5	The shrimp dumplings and chicken feet were very good.  That's all I ordered and the bill came to $5.36 (tax included).  Food is very good for the money.  I was recently at the top rated dim sum restaurant in San Francisco and I would have to say the food here rocks in comparison.  Fresher and better tasting.  The staff here is much friendlier and helpful.  They seem like nice people.
1	I went here twice with my friends, both turned out to be disaster. Their siu-mai tasted so weird. It like they cooked with ruber band or something. Also, their chicken feet tasted not so good compared to Phoenix Place in Chandler. I would not come back to this place again. If you would like to try every best dim-sum, I would recommend Great Wall at 35th and Camelback in phoenix.
3	This place was converted into a Chinese restaurant after what seems like the building owners being unable to lease out more of its food court stalls.  The hot and steamed dishes here are good. Chicken feet actually stood out to me as very good.  As for the other dishes, you should only take if fresh. Some items have been sitting out for a while, and you can't tell until it's already on your table and you dig your chopsticks into cold or stale food. That is one of my biggest turn-offs at dim sum places. They also need more carts going around when busy. Ask for hot mustard to mix with the chili oil, soy sauce, and vinegar. For Phoenix dim sum, my latest ranking from best to worst  is Great Wall, Phoenix Palace, Mekong, then China King. I'd go here if people didn't want to drive down to Chandler or out west to Great Wall.
5	Best Dim Sum in the Phoenix Metro!  Had a great brunch again today. I love this place!
5	Held my wedding reception here a couple months ago and Sharon and her team did an amazing job. She blocked off half the restaurant for my guests and the set up was definitely more than I expected. From beginning to end, the reception went perfectly. The service and staff were attentive and everyone raved about the food. Because my reception was in between lunch and dinner, we had a half dim sum/half plated menu and everyone had so much food left over to take home! I would absolutely recommend this place over some other Chinese restaurants in the valley if you were looking for a delicious, clean (emphasis on clean), cost effective wedding reception or party location. We even had a couple people who had food allergies and Sharon made an alternate menu to cater to them.
5	Food was as good & fresh as any Hong Kong Dim Sum. I was impressed with the freshness of the vegetables and light sauces and the Chicken congee was outstanding. Price was very good for the work that goes into making all those little tid-bits of heaven. Found Mekong Palace by seeing that Phoenix Yelp Breakfast Club was having an UN-official meeting there, so it must have been tested out to be good, reviews were all good,  no brained and so glad we went. It is inside the mall, really. It takes up a wing of space......interesting it is not enclosed by drywall or short ceilings, a new concept in placement of mall use.
5	My mom came in from out of town after I recently moved here. Being from Chicago, one of our traditions together is getting dim sum. I heard about this place and was skeptical...but boy was I wrong! The dim sum was INCREDIBLE, and service was excellent!!!! This will definitely be our go to spot when she comes in town for girls weekend! A must check out for any dim sum connoisseur!
4	Came to Mekong Palace for February's Breakfast Club UYE to try some Dim Sum, we were a party of 10 and were seated right away.  Even though the restaurant itself sits in the back of a shopping center, once you are seated you sort of forget that you are in a shopping plaza.We tried at least 15 different items, everything was delish, my son really enjoyed the shark fin rolls the roasted duck, we also tried noddle dishes, a chicken and rice dish, steamed bbq pork buns, oh gosh we tried everything,  every dish offered a new flavor and everything was very yummy!Like I said we were a party of 10, and tried over 15 different styled dishes and the total bill for each of us with tip included: $13 bucks! That's right! Great meal for an excellent price, but have to be honest, none of were thinking with our wallet when picking items, we just wanted to tried all the things we could and I was quite shocked to learn it was just 13 per person. It was a great time had by all, and I look forward to coming back!
4	Went here for Dim Sum with the Breakfast  Club. Turns out we had just the right amount of folks for the largest of the tables.  I am still not that up on what is in everything but with two in our group that spoke Chinese we had no surprises.  There were some textures I didn't care for but nothing I disliked the taste of and I went away full without much of a dent in the wallet.  I really need to go back and explore the plaza more.  It looks sort of like they just wall off part of the food court to serve Dim Sum.
4	Okay, I'm giving this 4 stars as it's the best Dim Sum place we can get here in the East Valley and I'm Chinese.  There's nothing that stands out, but it's better than the other places that I've tried and been to a number of times.Maybe the cooks from Hong Kong rotate from the different restaurants and wherever they are, the food tastes better.  I don't know.  They have all the typical things that you'd expect, minus some of the delicacies you might find in like San Francisco or Los Angeles, like the blood pudding stuff (yuck) and things on that level.But, well, I don't know how to write in English the dishes, so all those little dumplings, porridge, pastries, taro cake, fried stuff, all those appetizer looking things ladened in grease, yep, they have them here.I don't know about the prices because my mom always treats.  Anyway, it's fine.
3	I've been to Mekong Palace many times and my opinion every time has pretty much been, "It's aight." The setup is kind of weird at first because it was converted from a courtyard area to a restaurant but it doesn't seem to affect anything (besides possibly noise).The dim sum at Mekong is okay. It's not horrible but it's not super awesome, either. I really like the dan tat (egg custard tart things) but it seems like they are out like 90% of the time that I visit. Since I live out of town, this is always disappointing to me. Also, the taro puffs, which are normally my favorite dim sum item, are not very good at Mekong. Their coconut agar jelly sweet is really yummy, though.Non-dim sum food is also okay. I like their roast pork (the siu yook) but everything else is kind of average. I really like their peking duck but their lettuce wraps (an item that many Chinese restaurants make to "use up" the rest of the meat from the duck) don't taste good to me... at all. I much prefer China Chili or Great Wall's lettuce wrap filling even though I think Mekong's peking duck might be superior. Also, we once requested the banquet-style salad with shrimp, apples, melons, lychee, etc. which was a favorite of mine back in the days of China Doll, but it was not very good even though it was like $50+ for a small dish. I was very disappointed. Those are probably the only dishes I've had that I actually thought were bad. All others have been average to me.Everything seems clean. Service is fine but we've definitely had some people who were pretty rude. Mekong is a solidly decent place to eat though there are better places to go for dim sum or dinner.
3	Located in an open area within a small mall. Went to dim sum and it was just average.
2	Polly's Mom opinions:"The Calamari Squid are too salty.""The Lobster are extreme too salty.""The Service are bad supportive."Polly's opinions:"I am agreed with my mother, but service should said, (hi, how are you my is Rudy and I'm going to be your server today)And besides, my mom don't know who is our server support our table."
4	I WAS a Dim Sum Virgin ... Until Monica O. posted February's Breakfast Club UYE at Mekong Palace. I clicked "I'm in!" and off I went on a Saturday to finally validate that Dim Sum V-Card.  So this place is in a mall food court; however, once our group of 10 got situated, I barely noticed. Glad we had Norm with us for guidance, because I sure as Heck wouldn't have a clue what to do! My favorites were the BBQ Pork Steamed Buns, the squid and one of the noodle dishes. We tried what seemed like an endless parade of different plates. I know I definitely left quite full. So you can imagine my surprise when we each paid $13 after tip! Really enjoyed the company and of course, the food. Look forward to coming back in the future ... And trying Hot Pot!
5	Best service by a Chinese restaurant ever! Didn't have to ask for refills & the servers were very attentive! They have some amazing clams and seafood.
4	This place is the bomb for fried rice!!!! Love the beef fried rice. The roast pork was crunchy, too bad they don't carry Mong Thomas Sauce!!! This is our second visit and the customer service was still great. We requested a table near the aquarium because of son likes to watch the fish: and they gladly fulfilled our request. They refilled my cup without asking. We ordered a dish we thought was what we ordered last time, but it wasn't and they gladly took it away. We tried again, and it still wasn't the right dish. We asked for help and they said it was probably the house fried rice that we got during our last visit. The confusion was that that fried rice wasn't on the menu. But we finally got it right the 3rd time around. We feel bad cause our waitress got yelled at for not getting our order right, she told us. But we tipped her nicely afterwards. They offered us dim sum but wasn't sure if it was free. Overall, you get more food for what you pay for. Con: no refills on sodas. Great place for fried rice
3	We drop in here when we are getting our soy sauce fix. Its a great day when you shop at the market and then stop in for some dim-sum. I really think the Palace is better, over by Lee Lee's. Just my opinion and I am no expert but it is my Taiwanese friend that guides me to these experiences. Lots of strange things, I suggest you take someone who knows the cuisine to help you avoid the ucky ones. (Tentacles and feet).
5	I love this restaurant! If you're duck lover, or someone who dare to try something new, this is the place to try it out!!! BBQ duck with sweet plum sauce for dipping! It's just sooo yummy!  And the price is reasonable too! Each time i come to Mekong Plaza for groceries shopping I have to stop here for dinner.  ;)
5	Dim Sum at Mekong is amazing. I love this place! It is a cheap place to feed your friends and family.  We used to go to Phoenix Palace, but I think we've decided that our favorite Dim Sum is at Mekong.  I would recommend it to ANYONE!
4	We frequently visit the Mekong Plaza for the fantastic myriad restaurants in the center. One of our favorites is Dim Sum in the Mekong Palace open air restaurant at the northwest end of the plaza.The staff is usually pretty attentive, but we often feel like we get second class service as " the white folk in the room". We normally wait for beverage refills and the check.If you can look past that as merely a cultural thing, you will like the offerings at Mekong Palace. The Dim Sum is plentiful and great quality. It's always hot, and the steam carts are on it like white on rice and a paper plate in a snowstorm! They are everywhere with the goods.In addition to Dim Sum, we enjoy the sticky rice and other menu items. At least once a week, we get some BBQ pork or roasted pork from the window to take home. The only iffy item we ever got was a whole roasted duck for Thanksgiving. The kids were scared of it, then everyone got sick after eating it. Just a fluke I guess, since we've never had issues before.As long as you are ok with the open air restaurant and sometimes the noise that comes with it, you will not be disappointed by the great offerings at Mekong.
4	My first visit and quite impressed with roast duck, shrimp and pork dumplings, sticky rice. Cart service is average so need to find a waiter and ask ford your favorite. Quality of roast duck comparable to those found in good restaurants of Monterey Park , California and Richmond, BC. Will try other in menu in future.
1	The food is okay. It doesn't taste that fresh if you come late. The employees there need a smile and a hug. They are rude. My mom and I sat there and was waiting for my husband to get a to go duck and chicken. An employee walks by and kept staring at our table just to tell us that the bill didn't include a tip and that we should tip then. They didn't even deserve it. Came by our table ONCE didn't ask us if we needed more water or anything else. Appalled. Finding somewhere else to eat dim sum.
3	Hummus portions. We ordered a fried rice and Singapore rice noodles and some dimsum. Everything tasted good.  But the portions were huge! I think next time, we need to just order half of what we would in any restaurant.Service is non-existent.
5	the staff were very helpful...place is clean and dim sum rotates quickly. next time we will sit closer to where the carts come out. i really liked the eggplant thingie and the taro puffs. one of the seafood dishes were oversalted and the manager took it back with no static. overall a positive experience.
2	The food was ok, but you should try a different chinese restaurant. The last time I went there was around 7pm, and the food was not fresh at all.
1	Last week I found a DEAD FLY in my noodle. The waiter took away my plate and crossed the noodle off the card. They handed me the full-priced check at the end (not including the noodle supposedly.) I asked for a discount because I almost ate the fly! They then gave me a pathetic 10% discount, while the normal standard should be waiving the entire bill. What can I say...
2	Good chicken feet. Everything else meh.
4	Definitely a restaurant you need to eat at multiple times to get the right way to cook your food and experiment what is the best way to add different combinations together. You can get your own individual soup to cook the food to fondue your selection of food. Would suggest asking for multiple rice bowls to mainly get spices, herbs and oils.Select your soup base, meats, fish, vegetables,  noodles and tofu.We ordered the Rib Eye which I would not recommend,  fish fillet, egg noodles,  headless shrimp,  won ton which was a winner,  mushrooms and Chinese celery. Get your soup to a good boil and add the food you want to cook and scoop out what you eat.You will need to be a little organized with your eating tools so you could remove from the boiling water.  The spoon is helpful but the chopsticks and pincher are the best tools to get your food.Will comeback again and add more flavoring to the soup and dipping.
4	This was a Yelp find!  I took my teen Son and invited 2 other families and we all were very very happy with this restaurant.  I've shopped in this mall mainly at the grocery side but never strayed far enough into this restaurant which is opposite the grocery store.  I only wished I did a better job finding my shumai -- missed it;0(  What I did have was great, the stuffed eggplant, cream buns, sweet rice cakes, soy noodles, duck, taro bun, and I'm sure I'm forgetting something.  I paid $22.00 for my son and I -- a reasonable price for good food.  Only advice is to go early on a Sunday, they open at 10am.  My friend got there around 12 and had to wait awhile.  They will honor your request to seat a big party so my friend and her fiance' graciously saved us seats - 6 of us.  Bring your appetite - fair warning you may have to wait so bring a holdover snack!  It is so totally worth the wait -- we will be eating there again and soon.  Loved it.  Family friendly place.  One more thing -- the menu is at the reception desk, take out is at the back of place at the long counter.
1	Make sure you ask them how their Peking duck is made to order. I order a WHOLE PEKING DUCK to have for my thanksgiving meal with my family. Apparently they make their different with only half duck worth feeding 2 people then the rest is minced with lettuce wraps. That isn't what I wanted. Then had to go thru a process to get a manager just to get a roasted ducked. They need to update tire menu with a better description
3	Been here a few times before and still the services is really slow, we ordered our drinks 20 min ago and still waiting. Our soups are coming out right now though so I guess that might be a plus...Plates on the table next to us has been sitting there a good 15 minutes before someone came to clean it up.Food on the other hand is always delicious, choice of different flavored soups, and you can make your own doing sauce.
5	Took my 2 best friends today instead of my usual party of 11+ everything was exceptional and they also had a new coconut cream puff that looked like challah!
4	Love this place! This one of those hidden gems you hope doesn't lose its appeal. The Dim Sum is delicious and authentic with lots to choose from. I highly suggest the Peking Duck platter, it's delicious. The best part of this place is the reasonable pricing. I'm already looking forward to going back!
