5	My favorite bar in the Strip District.  Timeless classic that never goes out of style.  They had a remodeled a few years ago, which opened the front of the restaraunt and they they've created a patio of sorts that is perfect for outside dining when the sun decides to shine.  Excellent seafood options, and you'll never go wrong with the lobster rolls.  The hot lobster roll is served on buttery Mancini roll and melts in your mouth.
5	Okay, so it's not been my favorite week.  And after contemplating a dive off the Ft. Duquesne bridge, I followed some ex friend hag's advice and decided to get out of the house to go do something!  Now, being a typical woman, she suggested retail shopping therapy.  But I'm not one to blow my budget out of the water over a broken heart/bad-man-done-me wrong deal.  No way.  So, I go to Roland's.  Now, I'm not saying that they are better then a 1-800 help-me hot line.  But, they come darn close.  I had one of their famous hot lobster rolls.  Sure, David (hot & sweet little server) suggested that I consider having the cold roll, but no, I'm a woman.  I do not listen.  Hot, hot, hot.  Amy is right.  The buttery rolls do melt in your mouth.  The strawberry margarita wasn't half bad, either.   Actually, it was totally awesome.  While it didn't entirely make all my problems go away, it made me forget about them for an hour or so.  And so, life goes on.....
3	This is a great summertime place.  I have been going to Rolands since I turned 21 a decade ago.   The beer selection is one of the best in Pittsburgh if not the best.  And, I agree with Jason P. in that the best sandwich in the burgh is the lobster roll.  I prefer the cold lobster roll as opposed to the hot, but they are both awesome.  It's a very generous portion of lobster on a garlic bread roll.  They have a very good raw bar with oysters, shrimp, crab and other goodies.  The outdoor seating is awesome.  Sit upstairs and look at the passerby's on the street at the strip.  Saturday's and Sunday's afternoon are the best time to visit.  The pizza is also pretty good, brick oven and thin crust.  The seafood stew is a great deal for about $15 you get a delicious broth and lots of fish and shellfish.  The bartenders are great.  It's pretty well known that John the Irish guy is the best bartender in the burgh', however I think he only works one day a week now.  Bo is very good and my buddy Jeff is also a good tender.   They have pool tables and darts, so plenty of bar games.  The only reason I don't give this place four stars is that they don't have all the top shelf liquor that my heart desires.  They have new management since my buddy Rick went to Bettis bar.  And, they are lacking in some liquor selections since.  They don't have patron or any top shelf rum.  I ordered a top shelf long island iced tea yesterday and was disappointed to taste cuervo instead of petrone.   However, overall the place is a good time and a must visit in Pittsburgh.  Get the lobster roll!
3	I went there on a Saturday afternoon by myself and wanted to sit out front.  The host made fun of me!  Said "aw, that's too bad" when I said it was just me.  No, it is perfectly fine in my book!I got the lobster roll, plenty of lobster on a garlic bread roll.  It was just ok.  The most annoying part was the host kept coming out to talk to me.  I really just wanted to chill out by myself, not get hit on by the creepy host!
4	Went to Rolands for lunch of a Sunday.  Around 30 beers on draft, but mostly the usual beers; only a few micros.The actual menus themselves need updating; they're something you'd see in a crappy diner....photocopies stuffed into clear plastic film.  We both got salads; one tuna & one salmon.  Huge pieces of fish that were of decent quality.  The upstairs has a cool balcony to hang out on in the summer.  It's a cool place in strip; I'd recommend stopping by and checking it out.
4	love the lobster roll.  buttery delicious stuff.  the crab/spin/artichoke dip was also yummy.  i'll go back and try other dishes.  so far so good
3	Roland's has a nice, outdoor, terrace-style seating area on the second floor.  (This faces north, so it would be shaded during the day.)  Roland's also has a generous beer selection of very good stuff (relatively mainstream:  think Smithwick's, Hoeegarden, etc).What Roland's does not have is a friendly bartender.  Nor table service.  Nor any substantial patrons at 11pm on a Saturday.  Which can be a blessing and a curse, really (the last one, not the first two; the first two are definitely just a curse).
4	I went here for the first time on Saturday night. I had to go & try the famous Giant Fish Sandwich! When it arrived, I was impressed. The fish was even bigger than I expected & the batter was perfect. Also, the beer menu is lengthy! They serve beers from almost every corner of the world! I thought about trying something new, but turns out I was homesick for a good old Pennsylvania beer... :) Roland's is definitely a cool place in my book. I'll be back! :P
3	went back here last night and the service was extremely slow.  in fact our waitress may have been tipsy.  we waited for a solid 20 minutes before receiving menus.  we asked for drinks at least 3 times.  thankfully, our food was good and made it out after we ordered at a somewhat normal pace.  the calamari was good and enormous in portion.  it comes with a side of marinara with red pepper flakes.  i liked the kick.  it's garnished with sweet peppers and pamesean cheese.  yeah for the calamari!  hence the 3 stars.
1	OMG what a nightmare. I was there last saturday at 9pm with a group of 10 people in the second floor bar area. The bartenders acted like it was a big inconvience that we were there. ordered drinks and didnt even get a thank you. the bar was dirty and littered with dirty glasses. The restrooms were filthy and didnt even have toliet paper . We left the bar and spent a HUGE anoun of money up the street.. I will never go back.
2	I've been here twice. The first time was at least two years ago and I can't remember anything in particular about it.The second time, though, was tonight, Valentine's Day. A group  of friends and I chose this restaurant after the place we wanted to go was closed--for good. Roland's was it, then. It wasn't very crowded, so we were seated right away. The first thing that caught my attention was how the waitresses/waiters were dressed. They weren't dressed how I would have expected them to be. They were in jeans and baggy tshirts. But, our waitress was helpful, and our food came out pretty quickly. it wasn't a memorable meal or experience. I wanted a caesar salad with my dinner, but they were out of romaine lettuce (and it wasn't late in the evening--maybe 6:30pm at the latest). The bleu cheese dressing, though, tasted pretty good. I ordered a ravioli dish for my entree, but when I asked if I could get a different sauce, the waitress said it's already mixed together, meh. I'm not a fan of that. When my friends went to order their pasta dishes, they had a choice between penne and linguini, but the restaurant was out of penne, too.Oh well, the prices aren't terrible, and the good came out pretty quickly, and hot. It's not the best restaurant, but it's not a stink hole, either.
1	Another place that I visit once every few years thinking it couldn't be as bad as I remember it.  And the place NEVER lets me down; it's just as bad as I remember.  The seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible.  The staff is rude.  The prices are too high for the quality.  Just all around disappointing.
2	My scallops were luke-warm yet overcooked.  The carrots on my salad looked like they had been sitting in the bottom of a fridge for weeks. The first time I dined here, I was unimpressed with their lobster roll (which is simply a hollowed-out white roll filled with lobster.  bread and seafood, that's IT).  Today, I was unimpressed with everything.Except the woman two tables over who laughed like cigar-smoking circus clown and looked like Patrick Swayze in drag.  That was pretty awesome.
1	I hesitate to even write this review because technically we didn't eat here.  But after reading the other reviews, I thought "Eh, what the hell."We came in and were seated at 5:45pm for desserts/drinks.   By 6:05, we still hadn't seen our waitress.  We decided it wasn't worth it and just left.I did eat here a month ago, and yes -- the fried fish was fried to the point where it was beyond greasy.  And then to pay around $20 for that?  LOL.  Right.I won't be back.
4	While in town for WWE Raw we spent many hours looking for somewhere to eat in Pittsburgh.  We stumbled into this bar/ restaurant that stuck out like a sore thumb! I told the manager, please seat me on your patio. We started with beer battered and fried calamari, which was really good, tentacles and all, (some pieces could have been cooked a little more). We were sold on some Brick oven pizza which really hit the spot, the creamy Alfredo pie w/ roasted garlic and the BBQ chicken pie. The beer and pizza combination was worth searching restaurants on Yelp for 2 days to find it and leave a review! Keep up the good work guys!
1	Went to this place for lunch last Saturday, party of five. The service was extremely slow and every beer we tried to order, got the response "We are out of that one". Finally when we got our sandwiches (after a long wait) but no coleslaw and fries were soggy and stale. When asked the waitress for coleslaw (which is supposed to be the side with every sandwich), the response was "I think we are out, but let me check". And the waitress didn't return until after we were done eating. Forget about getting a refill for your drink or water..
3	Messy floors but quick waiter
4	Not sure why others didn't like this place? I had a great experience. I had the beer steamed shrimp which was a dozen or so large shrimp steamed in beer. The shrimp were cooked thoroughly but not overcooked or rubbery and they were de-veined which is the mark of a place that knows what are doing.  I'm from FL originally so I'm picky about that.  Try the shrimp with the horseradish and cocktail sauce mixed they give you and it will definitely clear out your sinuses!My wife had the beer battered fish sandwich, it was great and it had so much cod she gave me half of it just so she could actually fit it on the bun.This place also has a 4 for $12 Corona special. This place is worth checking out on the strip.
3	I went here on a Friday afternoon for lunch with some coworkers. We were a party of 12. Even though the restaurant was busy, they were able to get us a table. Apparently there is a second floor room that can be rented out for parties, but they don't take reservations. The interior of the building is nicer than I thought, judging from the outside and other Yelp reviews. They have a lot of large televisions, which would make this an ideal spot for watching a game. Our server was very pleasant and friendly, but some of the staff has that native Pittsburgher gruffness, which some people might translate as rude. There do seem to be some staffing problems, though. A latecomer to our group asked another waitress clearing a nearby table if she was our waitress. The woman said "no" and walked away without offering to get our server. It was a little weird. Our waitress also had people at the other end of the table yell their lunch orders, even though it was very loud. She could have easily walked over, so that was odd, too. Not being in the mood for fish, I ordered the white pizza. It was very large, much bigger than I expected. I ended up taking the leftovers with me, and it fed me for two more meals. So, while the prices are a little more than you'd expect to pay at a similar restaurant, many of the portions are huge. Two people could easily split the fish sandwich. The pizza was pretty good, with a paper-thin crust and plenty of tomatoes and pungent garlic. I think the garlic was from a jar. The cheese was a tangy blend. All of Roland's pizzas are oven-fired, and some of my pieces of crust were burned black. This may be a plus to some people, but I don't much care for it. In all, it was a decent meal, and the rest of my party seemed to be happy with their food. I'd like to come back here and try some other menu items.
4	We spent a few hours here on the day of the St. Patrick's Day parade, and had a great time.  The space is pretty large, with indoor and outdoor seating.  They have something like 500 beers; a major plus! We sat upstairs, and because the kegs are kept in the basement, they can't get beer all the way up there.  That means you have to order bottled beer from the waitress but can go downstairs and order draft beers.  That's sort of weird.  Anywho-- I had a caesar salad and french onion soup.  Both were tasty, and the other people in my party liked their food too-- pizza and burgers.  The waitress was super friendly.  I'd like to go back and enjoy their upstairs patio & a lobster roll!
4	We went on a seafood frenzy here! Ordered all from appetizers. Beer steamed shrimp, raw oysters & clams, regular steamed shrimp, Maryland seafood soup...we ate until we could not eat anymore. Portions were well sized and the price was reasonable.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!!! Horrible service and horrible food! It took 20 minutes for our waitress to even come to our table! Looking back on it, I don't know why we didn't leave... maybe because we had to wait 20 minutes to even get a table (this was during the summer). We ordered the muscles to start off which were okay but definitely not something I would recommend. My husband ordered the fish and chips and I ordered the crab cakes.... EPIC FAIL!!! The crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and I had to switch meals. The crab cakes taste like fried mayo... I couldn't even taste the crab! The fish and chips looked great but it didn't taste like anything! No seasoning at all! The waitress was so bad that when it came time to give us our check, she was no where to be found. It took 15 minutes to actually get the check (keep in mind we already finished eating)... thank God we had cash! A complete waste of $40. Yes, I remember exactly how much I spent even though it was months ago because I kept thinking how I could have spent that money in a better place! I could have got a mani & pedi... had some great sushi... the list goes on. lol
4	This a great spot for a Lobster Roll. Yeah the service is going to be a little slow since it seems like it's always busy here. The food and atmosphere is worth the wait.
4	My girlfriend and I went here on a Tuesday night for dinner somewhere around 7 o'clock. Our waiter, I wish I could remember his name, was awesome. They were understaffed and busy and he really did a great job. The stuffed mushrooms were big enough to be an entree and were delicious. The sicilian pizza definitely has a spicier flavor than what I had expected but it was great too.We checked in here on facebook and it gave us a deal for half off an appetizer with the purchase of an entree. The drinks were great too and the draft/beer selection is awesome.
4	Rolands was the place to go after work each Friday and it was for good reason. The food is good and the prices are fair. I like the fish sandwich because it is freaking massive! The lobster roll is expensive, but well worth it....whereas many lobster rolls are loaded with mayo this one is just large , well seasoned chunks of claw and tail meat on a great roll. Upstairs is great because ... well... the bartenders treat everyone like friends. I have left many times with several craft beers for under $10. The bartenders are also really cool because every now and then they will give you a free beer :)
4	The people aren't lying. This lobster roll is drenched in butter and guaranteed to be a key contributor in your untimely death. You better love it or leave it alone.
2	I was immediately displeased by the snaggle toothed hostess and her surly demeanor. The air conditioning was non existent, which is a hangover nightmare. While waiting for a table the bartender ignored us for ten minutes and couldn't even transfer our drinks to the table. He also casually instructed me that one must pay per beer - duh! I'm not a beer drinking novice. The acne-ridden server was friendly enough, but seemed forlorn and was overtly sweating. Bringing drinks to a table isn't neuroscience and I don't drink tap water. After sitting at our table for a few minutes it was very apparent that the entire serving staff is haggard. Appetizer - crab artichoke dip. Bland. Where's the crab? Also, did a toddler arrange the plate? Apparently. Meal - fish tacos. Came quickly and surprisingly flavorful. However, our server never once checked on our status and we had to beckon him to fulfill our needs. I shouldn't have to ask for napkins at the point of need. No tip, never coming back.
2	It was raining and we were in the Strip district craving some seafood.  We decided to stop by Roland's Seafood Grill.We were seated right away close to the bar in front of the big screen projector where the US open was playing.  Our orders were taken right away then we waited for 30 minutes before our meals came out.  We were glad for the US Open entertainment.My dad order the clam chowder soup, which was chunky and bare of any clams.  My mom and I shared a couple of appetizers, the calamari was great but the crab cake was just ok and a bit salty.Service gets 2 stars and Food gets 3 stars.Overall, this place gets a 2.5 stars.  If you are caught in the rain and do not have any other choices in the strip area, stop by.  I would recommend scoping out the other restaurants in the area.
1	We had a frustrating and disappointing experience at Roland's, a dining out experience on a recent 4-day visit to Pittsburgh.First, all of the food was extremely overpriced. The quality was what you would find if you were ordering from a bar...but it was twice as expensive. The $16 I paid for fried cod got me two soggy cod filets, steamed bland vegetables and boring roasted potatoes. I couldn't have tried to make food this poor. It was a Sysco food operation gone wrong: runoff from Houlihan's mixed with Joe's Crab Shack. The service was so slow that we were cancelling orders due to the delay in bringing them to the table. My dish arrived without any sort of sauce, and we even had to get up and order beer from the bar because our waitress was so behind. It was her "second day on the job," but this is unacceptable. They could have at least comp'd our beers, or offered some other way to make it up (besides coming over to informing us that they had charged the beers to our bill).Roland's had space available on a Monday night, unlike the other restaurants in the neighborhood. This was really convenient initially, but I now have an idea of why this was the case.
2	Extremely Slow Service!   We have eaten here many times and, while the fish sandwich is great, the staff and management have yet to figure out how to manage the tables. This establishment can become quite busy and, if you don't aggressively pursue service, you are likely to wait 20 minute or more just to get a menu.  This is particularly true if you are sitting in one of the outside areas.
3	In the Strip District, there's not many options when you're hungry. Walking up and down, the Strip district is filled with booths of steelers and penguins gear. There was a breakfast place and Primanti brothers that was packed. So we were dying for some food and ran across Roland's. We got mussels and banana peppers stuffed with sausage for our appetizers. I also got a lobster roll. They gave us a lot of mussels slathered with garlic and butter. Surprisingly good. And the banana peppers were not bad too. I also enjoyed my lobster roll. Buttered toast and big chunks of lobster meat. I had no room left to finish off my fries. Now, I can't decide if the food was average or below average as we were pretty hungry. I'll give Roland's the benefit of the doubt. Don't expect anything spectacular, just food that fills your belly.
2	We headed to the strip district to soak in the atmosphere like any good tourist should do.Unfortunately we love to sleep and showed up a little late and by the time we were ready to eat (around 4pm) our list of recommended places to try were already closed for the day. Roland's was open though. As an added bonus they were showing the Steeler's game and there is nothing that Pittsburgh loves more than supporting the Steeler's and Penguin's. The atmosphere was great with everyone dressed in black and yellow and really into the game.We ordered wedding soup (pretty delicious) and Portobello Mushroom Pizza. Maybe our mistake was not ordering seafood, anyway the caramelized onions on it were actually cooked in sugar (eww) and the sauce itself was just as sweet. It felt like we were eating candy.As for the staff, Pittsburgh in general has some of the friendliest people I've come across in a long time. The staff here may not have been quite as friendly as we had come to expect from the rest of this lovely city but they were just fine.
2	As others have said, nice location and sitting on the patio is nice in the warm sunny months, but the food is not anything special.  Fried seafood, decent lobster roll, other non-impressive dishes.  good for a few drinks and a quick bite if in the area.
4	Great mozzarella, tomatoe, basil pizza! Their French onion soup was in point!
1	I would give this restaurant 0 stars if I could.  The food was lousy, the drinks were expensive, and the service was awful.I complained to the manager about my experience and he told that if I didn't like it, there were plenty of other bars in The Strip District.Please, please, please go somewhere else.
5	I needed to organize a party for about 20 people. Roland's made it very easy to put the whole thing together via email. I rented a room in the back with a large couch, some tables, and its own bar. There were multiple flatscreen tvs and was nicely decorated. They did not charge for the room, only food and drink which were very reasonably priced. Surprisingly, as part of the event took place during happy hour, drinks during that time were much cheaper. They were well organized and the staff (Mike) was great: professional and made things easy.
3	I was only here for drinks, on a Saturday night.  It was decent - the drinks were fairly mixed and priced.The atmosphere was a bit lacking.  There isn't much personality here, and for a Saturday, I would have expected a bit more of a crowd.  Overall, not bad if you're in the area for a drink; but not a destination.
2	Well I have had several meals over the years at Rolands, many of which were good.  Yesterday was not one of those days.After being seated, it took nearly 10 minutes for a server to greet us and take a drink order.  I was of course rewarded with the wrong beer.Then we order and when the food arrived, the fries were cold and the fish sandwich was rather greasy.I wake up today only to be 'sick' from the whole ordeal.  My mother, who had the same food as I did, is feeling the same as me.Get your act together Rolands, you are better than this.
1	Yuck!It's almost embarrassing having this place exist in the Strip with so many tourists coming here.  That has to be how they're making their money because it's certainly not on their food or service.  Well, maybe it's the booze too...I don't even know where to begin.  Service was horrible.  The lunch took 2 hours.  On a leisurely Sunday that may be fine, but there was no leisure.  At least not with drinks not in hand until a 1/2 an hour after we sat down.  I'd say lunch was served another 1/2 to 45 minutes later.  It didn't matter though, I knew it wasn't going to be anything spectacular.  I'd heard rumors about the food.  I won't go into any details but I wouldn't trust some items on the menu.  I just played it safe and ordered a veggie salad.  The salad was in the entree section, so I assumed it would be a full size salad.  It was not.  It was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top.  Nothing spectacular.  And a side salad at almost $11.  Not worth it.  If you are forced to stop in because you're dying of hunger, stick to a liquid diet:)
5	It doesn't get much better than this for seafood and cocktails.While here, we raided the raw bar menu having oysters on the 1/2 shell, raw clams, and their jumbo shrimp. All were fresh and delicious.  Also, they serve a little bit of horseradish on top of their cocktail sauce to add a little extra spice for those who crave it.The bartender here was helpful, quick, and friendly. He was knowledgable and able to provide beer recommendations based on my taste. In addition, he made excellent mixed drinks.
3	The Lobster Roll Caesar Salad was very good, and the service at the bar was great!
3	I am only judging this place as a bar, never had the food.  I'd rather give it 2.5 stars.I came here with a colleague after a long, long travel experience to get to Pittsburgh.  They had a nice collection of beers including some local ones.  The only negative side is that the bartender had almost no knowlege of what the beers were like so we had to just try our luck.  The bartender had never tried any of the beers nor did he care about them.  I would have liked to have more info in order to make smarter choices about which beers to get.  At least one of them I would have avoided if I'd know more about it.Perhaps he was just not used to encountering a beer geek.I did pass by the place the next day around lunch and it was full of customers.  For what ever that means.
1	Just awful. My companions each ordered an Alfredo pasta and they both honestly thought (through the entire meal) that Roland's had served mashed potatoes on the pasta.We thought "maybe it's a 'burgh thing."Nope, we were informed at the end of the meal by the waiter that it was indeed Alfredo sauce and that the chef "just liked to use a lot of parmesan cheese in his Alfredo." This stuff was about the consistently of cold oatmeal with oil poured over it (no exaggeration) and there was a bucket full of it on each plate.Anybody who would serve what was on those plates has no business whatsoever in any kitchen. By the way, my lobster roll was a buttery, greasy fail as well.What a complete disaster.
1	this place reeks of fish when you walk in and there are fruit flies everywhere.  Good place to dine if you're on a diet since you will surely lose your appetite.If you find yourself at Rolands, do yourself a favor and leave and dine anywhere else in the Strip District.  Seriously.
1	My fiance and I went to Roland's for a "date night".  We were both craving seafood, and had never been here before.  When we arrived, we asked our waitress if there was a happy hour going on.  There was a happy hour and she gave us the menu for it and said she'd be back in a minute to take our order.  The happy hour ended 2 minutes after she gave us the menus, and she came back over 10 minutes later to take our drink order.  Needless to say, we were unable to take advantage of any specials.  We both ordered margaritas for our drinks.  They took a further 15 minutes to come out.  Not only were the drinks weak (and this is coming from a bartender), but one margarita was a substantially different color than the other (despite being the same type).  Additionally, we were charged over $7 apiece for those margaritas that were made with well liquor.  If I'm spending $7 on a margarita, it had either better be tasty or strong (or both).  Anyway, we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer.  We got the Raspberry-maple scallops.  There were cooked well, but served in a watery sauce that removed almost all of the raspberry-maple flavor..  Then we ordered dinner.  We both ordered their broiled seafood medley, which comes with a salad.  I had the caesar salad, although I used the word "salad" in the loosest sense possible.  There was lettuce there, but only after I uncovered it from a cup of croutons and a cup of parmesan cheese (not the fresh kind).  I spent about 5 minutes just trying to reach the lettuce in my salad under all that other stuff, and even when I finished I still had more cheese than lettuce.  While we were eating our salads our entrees were brought out, and we had the luxury of watching them grow cold while we finished our salads.  I'm sorry, but when I'm spending $30 on a entree I would like it served hot and after my salad.  Additionally, we were not provided a change of silverware at any point during our meal and I kept having to "clean" my fork and knife on a spare napkin.  During our meal I ordered a second drink (beer this time, since liquor is apparently too difficult for them) and had to wait another 10 or so minutes before it was brought out.  I had also run out of water and had to wait 15 minutes before it was even noticed, let alone waiting for a refill.  While there were aspects of this evening that were frustrating, I must say that all of my seafood was cooked perfectly (I just wish I had been able to enjoy my entree while it was hot).  When we had eaten our fill and asked for the to-go boxes, the waitress asked to bring our check.  We still wanted another round of drinks and possibly dessert, but she never asked for either.  Despite the feeling that we were being rushed and she wanted to hurry us along, I decided to order another drink.  In my opinion, it is good manners to make customers feel welcome, relaxed, and not rushed.  We did not feel any of these things.  This was supposed to be our date night and there were just so many little annoyances along the way.  Once again, the food was really well cooked, and if I could have left my tip for the kitchen staff instead of the waitress I would have.  They certainly earned it, and she didn't really seem to care.  Also, while our wait times could be expected during a lunch/dinner rush, there were maybe 7 people in the whole restaurant.  It's not like they were busy.  Our waitress was just too preoccupied with chatting with the other servers (in clear view of our table).In short, I do not believe we will be dining here again.  We can get the same quality of food for cheaper and with much better service.
3	Aah, Roland's. I have only been here exactly 4 times, but have never tried the food. My boyfriend and I always just hit the bar for drinks and we've never stayed very long. A trip to Roland's was always because we were in the Strip for another reason and thought, "Why not?"There is one bartender in particular there who has served us every time and is super awesome. Very friendly, chatty, cool guy. He knows how to pour a good beer and is up to date on what Roland's has or doesn't have and what he can substitute out for you. The rooftop and outdoor seating seems really neat, but every time we've gone they've been packed, not surprisingly. Hanging out on their front patio would be a neat people watching spot.
3	Roland's wasnt a bad place to grab a few drinks, a sandwich, and a lobster roll.  The food was pretty good and they have a huge bottled beer selection.  The upstairs patio is by far the most popular place to sit - being above the strip and people watching is nice.   This isn't a place for people who like good draft beer or premium food, it's still a dive bar.It probably would have received four stars, but our bartender seemed pretty lazy.
4	Oh shoot me! I thought the seafood pizza was really good as were the mussels. The service was decent to boot. The only thing I hated was dessert.
1	If I had to chose between dining at Roland's again, or having to catch running chainsaws that were tossed at me I'd pick dining at Rolands but only by the slimmest of margins.Why on earth did I go back to this restaurant?  Clearly, I must not love myself or something.Want to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer?  Dine at Roland's.  The only reason to be at Rolands is to drink there.  they have a pretty decent beer selection.
3	Stopped in for a pint.  Had some pizza (was OK) and hit another place.
5	Great place!  Expect to wait a bit, but be patient, it's worth it!  The staple there is the famous hot lobster roll on Mancini bread. Amazing!
5	The lobster roll is out of this world
5	Get the Lobster Roll, it is worth every penny and more!
3	Hey. This place is deeeeeeeeCENT.(look, check it out for happy hour. 60 cent oysters? uhmfuckyea)I dislike strip dizzle bars but you could pick worse. Actually, ok. This review is based on going to happy hour. I am down with 60 cent oysters, clams, shrimp, and wings. Average beer selection, but you can find a few gems.
4	I was looking for a place to rest, have a drink and a little food when shopping in the Strip District.  I was so happy I stopped here.Great atmosphere.Italian wedding soup was amazing.Stuffed peppers excellent.  Pizza was ok.Service was very good.  I will return.
3	Love the lobster roll.  I like to stop in here on Mondays for 0.60C raw oysters and a bloody hoe.  Makes a great after work/pre work-out snack.
2	we went three for st, patrick day. Two harps bottle beers and 12 oyster costs $40.
2	There were 3 of us on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Surprisingly Roland's was 3/4 full. With 3 waitresses. They were RUNNING to fill orders. The fish was hot and crispy. It was fried but it was good. The French fries with it tasted as if they were fried in the same grease or an oil that should've been changed several days ago. The Mussels were OK. But the Clams Casino were inedible. The clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping. The crab cakes were also bad. Both went back.  The waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fine. The New England Clam Chowder was good but overpowered by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup. No, we won't go back..the food was lackluster(better fix at Wholleys) and the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes to get someone to take the bill.
3	The only reason this gets three stars instead of two is because of the Lobster roll.  Since working in NYC for a few months, I've been on the prowl for a decent Lobster roll in Pittsburgh.  This particular roll is served hot, which isn't what I'm used to.  I was totally skeptical; however, it turned out to be pretty good.  I think the roll, which I believe is from Mancini's, was really good.  The only downfall is that the roll is served with a MOUNTAIN of icky fries.  No thanks.The service was borderline terrible.  We sat at the bar, and were ignored for about 15 minutes when we were trying to order.  It wasn't even busy!  The bartender saw us with menus and knew we were getting dinner, but decided the Pens game was more important.  He wasn't helpful or pleasant either.  The only reason I'd come back is for the roll.  Besides that, I'd pick anywhere else in the Strip.
3	Came here with a bunch of friends on a Friday night to watch the pens game. They have a nice atmosphere and relatively good service considering it was dinner time. A few more tvs and a few more tables would give it at least one more star. One strange thing I have to mention is that they did not have any beer specials during happy hour? Not sure if this is normal, but I thought it was weird for a sports bar type restaurant . Although $.60 oysters was nice during happy hour.
2	Poor service. Monday evening. restaurant not busy. Took 15 minutes before someone came to take our drink order. Ordered a draft and a glass of wine and proceeded to order a lobster roll and steamed mussels. Took another 10 minutes to get the drinks. The lobster roll then showed up and we had finished and the plate was then cleared for the table. We had then been in the restaurant for an hour and we asked for the bill. The waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready. We canceled the order and the bill came with a quick huff and sign the top copy please request as she quickly turned away. Not worth wasting your time.
2	Went on a Wednesday night, not crowded at all. Had to get up and go find someone to wait on our table....overheard who was supposed to be our server telling the hostess she didn't wait on us because she didn't want another table. The food was good, lobster roll and fish sandwiches were great. Service was just awful.
2	Lobster roll was awesome.  There was a Moosehead beer cap in our fries and the waitress' response was, "That must be from the beer batter.  I will give them hell."   I wasn't looking for a free meal but an apology from someone would have been appropriate.
4	Not as good as Wholeys but awesome patio and the best service. Go here for the atmosphere, the staff is the best.
2	Prime time location, and they know it.Yet another older guard restaurant that realizes it has people roped in before they know it.  The place looks nice and is possibly the best location during the summer especially in the city.  I have always steered clear of Roland's because of an assumption.  But....the wife and her friend wanted a "lobster roll" so I was roped into going.  I opted to just drink a draught.  They got one of their famous lobster rolls and immediately were underwhelmed.  The sandwich was dwarfed by a mountain of handcut fries (the best part).  It also came with a limp pickle speer and a small condiment cup of coleslaw?!  The roll itself was lobster, but was fishy tasting and had no sauce?!  There was maybe 3ozs of fishy lobster on the roll.....Pathetic.Service was decent and my draught and few fries got this place the extra star it deserves.Go to Wholey!!!!
1	Roland's was recommended by hotel. Service was terrible. Food was cold. Brick oven pizza cold.... Asked to have it reheated , still came back cold. Steak was way over cooked. Never got appetizer we ordered, but was charged for it.  Was not busy but waitress was hard  to find. Would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Friends warned me not to eat here. Turns out they were GOOD friends. This was just awful, start to finish. Slow (pitiful) service, nasty food ( and we each sprung for the lobster roll -- if you can call it that!) and a generally miserable experience. And this was an early lunch with very few customers around. The only thing remotely redeemable was that we sat on the balcony overlooking Penn avenue and were entertained by the people below. People watching can be a blast. I wanted a draft beer and was told that "we don't serve draft beer upstairs". What??? There's a bar there!! Are you kidding me?? So water it was and that took a long time to arrive. And without straws - another wait after I had the audacity to ask for them.  The "lobster rolls" arrived and looked mighty meager. That's not a lobster roll!! But I pressed on. As I got it closer to my mouth there was a slight aroma. But press on. The "lobster" was sparse, tough, and flavorless. How often could you say that about lobster??? Exactly!! It must have been harvested years ago and waited for me to show up so it could make its way out of the freezer. At $15 each this falls clearly into the ripoff category.  And trying to get our check? Ridiculous. I won't be back. Ever.
2	I've lived in Pittsburgh for what feels like forever and in all of that time, I guess I've never been to the Strip District on a Monday. We didn't realize most of the restaurants are closed on Mondays. Tried Thin Man, closed. Luke Wholey's, closed. We read some less than appealing outdoor menus of a few spots and settled on Roland's Seafood Grill for lunch because they were open and had a sign out front raving about their signature warm Lobster Rolls for $14.99. Ok, we were game.We've driven hours off the beaten path in Maine for amazing Lobster Rolls at Red's Eats, which sets the standard for what all lobster rolls should be. Massive amounts of fresh lobster piled on top of the bun and drawn butter to dip the excess mound of lobster in is a mouth watering delight! That couldn't be farther from what you get served at Roland's. The bun was Mancini's, so good start. The lobster was an odd orange color that's not what fresh lobster looks like at all. Nothing was heaped over the bun at all, but honestly after tasting it that part was ok. Combination of a few fresher tasting pieces, some rubbery pieces, and some dry pieces that literally could have been any fish. I skipped the fries, which didn't look all that great on hubby's plate and there was the tiniest container of coleslaw ever as a side that was actually pretty good. Considering I skipped the fries, shouldn't the server have asked if I wanted extra coleslaw knowing it was going to be minuscule? The upstairs patio was really nice overlooking Penn Ave. and I hear they have a decent happy hour with terrific specials on fresh oysters and beer at the bar. I may give this place another shot based on that but, never again on their lobster roll.
4	This place is awesome...bloody mary's are fire and the prosciutto wrapped shrimp?! Get atta tahn! Lobster roll to boot get on it
5	Wow!  While on business in Pittsburg, went wandering for food.  Among all the closed places (short business days in the Strip District), we decided to try Rolands.  Nice atmosphere, ESPN on TVs, large selection of beer.  We immediately, almost before sitting down, were greeted by a waitress who made some recommendations.  As we had no idea whereto start we needed some time to evaluate, and she kept checking back, but without being pushy.The food was excellent!  Bruschetta and Seafood Pizza for me, Calamari and Seafood Stew for my colleague.  HUGE portions!  Great flavors, cooked right.  (I don't like calamari, but would have eaten more after trying this one.)
2	I use to love Rolands. However, the last few times we have been there it has been terrible.  While the food remains okay, the service leaves something to be desired.  Our waitress took longer than 15 minutes to come over and get our drink order; we had to get the hostess to find her.  She did not come back to the table for more than 20 minutes at a time.  The waitress was rude and less than helpful.  Our 1 drink and lunch took over two hours to complete.  Good thing they still have a good bloody mary.
5	Decided to try it for dinner as we were walking around the strip.  Good selection of beers too.Started with mussels and they were very good.  Sherry butter sauce w lots of garlic.We each had the seafood stew for dinner...tried to get beyond the lobster roll which is their signature dishStew was full of seafood.  Lobster,  clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp.  Good size portion at reasonable price.Sauce was excellent and had just enough of a spice to have a nice tasting after bite but did not drown out the cream, old bay and sherry.We will definitely be back.
1	So, four of us came in for the first time.Diner 1 - ordered the lobster roll sandwich.  Lobster on a roll, nothing more...that's it.  Nothing special - have no idea why people would rave about this.  A bland, poor excuse of a sandwich that does a disservice to all northeasterners who know what a lobster roll is, and this ain't it.  Is this lobster?  Read on.Diner 2 - ordered a large raw bar sampler, which was six Quahog clams, six oysters and six rubbery shrimp.  Who serves tough, chewy Quahogs on a raw bar?  This dive.  Also ordered the mussels, which were not seasoned and swimming in water.  No wine/garlic sauce as advertised on the menu - water.    Bland and awful.  Finished with the Mediterranean pizza which is spinach, feta and olives - the better part of the dinner.Diner 3 - steamed clams.  Again who serves Quahogs for steamed clams?  These amateurs.  Also had the clam chowder - which appropriately had minced Quahogs in it. Diner 4 - ordered the salad with the lobster roll, hold the bread.  Also asked for the lobster to be served chilled with it.  Lobster came hot and was dyed a deep red color.  Why the need to put lobster in a dye?   Because...it's not Maine lobster!  Imposter fish is dyed and artificially flavored, then frozen, then thawed, then microwaved at Roland's and called lobster.  That's my guess.Sent the mussels back.  No offer to reduce the check or offer a comped dessert.   Rest rooms are dirty, and smell of urine.  Men's was an awful smelling pit and I was told that the ladies had one toilet drenched with urine on the seat, another blocked up and overflowing and a third that could be used.This place is a smelly, dingy, dive bar with horrible food and poor service.  It is a trap for the unsuspecting tourist. You have been warned...STAY AWAY!
3	I love Roland's happy hour! It's for a raw bar rather than the actual bar. 60 cent oysters, clams, cocktail shrimp, and wings. It's good and you can't beat the price. The downfall? The clams i got steamed and they were a little over done, and the oysters were left attached to the shell. But for 60 cents, I can deal with taking them Off myself. As far as service? We sat at the bar, he wasn't very friendly or rude, just meh. But the food came out in a timely manner.
5	The seafood stew here is outstanding! I would say it was one of my top 5 meals all time. I only wish I could figure out the recipe, seeing that I live in Michigan I can't get it often.
1	If 0 stars were possible I'd give em. Got back from here yesterday evening and I am physically ill. I didn't even touch the anemic, yellow and fishy smelling muscles - not that the waiter asked why we hadn't eaten them, more on this character in a moment. My ahi tuna steak was decent, but I think the scallops are what got me and my friend is sick as well. Just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off.Speaking of the waiter - one of the worst I've ever had the displeasure of umm being served by? That sounds awkward and vaguely jack-assy ... Hmm the mild poisoning I have is affecting my wit, but you follow me.This guy spilled half the water out of the oysters while trying to put a plate down, and didn't notice or say anything about it when he did; he asked me how I wanted my tuna steak prepared??! Worst of all he spoke in this low monotone while other customers and cars going by drown him out so all you can tell is he asked you something because he's standing there with this kind of 'come on!' look on his face - totally rude and completely inept. I was hard put to give 10% tip to be honest. I'd suggest the similar bar down the road for better quality food and service. Good luck out there!
5	There is not a more hard working and pleasant bartender then John H. And I've met too many to admit to. The 4-6pm happy hour oysters, clams and shrimp are so ridiculously underpriced - 60 cents!!! I only order the oysters as they've been top notch, shucked well. For all the peeps complaining about lobster roll - smart people order lobster roll in Maine. The seafood stew overflows with sea scallops, shrimp, clams, mussels and lobster. At 21.99, it's best value. Also filled with roasted potatoes and a roux that's the right level of spice. It's a feast!  I'm a business traveler and John is now a friend. 'Nuff said!  Update: the stuffed shrimp are also very good.
5	Lunch on a Wednesday with 4 people. Lobster rolls= excellent!  Crab cake sandwich= excellent!  Yummy, warm fries! Very good service and warm food!  Was worried when we saw poor rating on Yelp. Very happy and will come back!
3	I gave this place a 3 star because the service and drinks are great. It's a great place to have a beer with friends  but the food is gross....
2	Let's see.... Rolands can be fun to go to for happy hour after work on Friday.  Heck they used to have these two bartenders that if you were a good looking girl at least one would give you a beer or two but making up the difference by overcharging or flat out giving incorrect change back to some male patrons.  Anyhow, they have a somewhat unique upstairs and in the summer they have the balcony that you can sit out on.  One summer night it began to storm and one of their umbrellas flew off the base and cracked me in the head.  I though I was going to pass out, but the bartender just came out gathered the pieces and put them back together folding the umbrella down.  Yea no reason to apologize I just could have been decapitated.  \Now onto the food.....uh  well....my best suggestion is, if you are on a timed lunch or have limited time for dinner, PICK SOMEWHERE ELSE!  you will only get frustrated with the SLOW AS HELL service.  Suggestions, hmm not entirely sure since nothing I ate here impressed me much.  The lobster roll, I am certain wasn't "real" lobster and was very rubbery, and dry.  Way too much bun to lobster type meat, and overpriced for a sandwich, $15.00 I think.  Next we got the oysters.  6  were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered 5.  But good luck finding the waitress, she showed up 3x's in the hour and half that we were there for dinner.  Not because it took us an hour and half to eat but 15 minutes to get waited on.  15 more minutes for drinks, and to order.  45 minutes for food to come, and I think you get the picture... I wouldn't eat here again, there are many other places to choose from.  Lastly I ordered a draft beer it was warm, told the waiter who got me a bottle but still charged me for both... NICE...
1	I've tried and tried to give this place a chance.  It's upsets me that an establishment like this can exist among so many great places in the Strip.  I end up at Roland's because my boyfriend's co-workers always want to go there for happy hour.  They have a special on oysters and shrimp cocktail, so I ordered those.  The oysters were absolutely disgusting.  They were not fresh, or cleaned very well.  My fingers ended up getting all dirty and they had a gross, gritty taste to them.  They threw the POORLY deveined shrimp on ice, and it ended up soggy.  I had to pick the veins out myself, and after about two I lost my appetite.  As always, the service was terrible.  Next time I'm dragged to a happy hour there, I'll order water.  Never again will I spend money in this place.  YUCK!
3	The bar has a nice selection of beers. The Irish bartender who works Monday nights is extremely welcoming and friendly.  For food I tried the raw bar happy hour. The oysters were alright but nothing special. The shrimp were quite small, probably U-20 count which for Shrimp Cocktail is tiny. The wings were very disappointing. Extremely small and flavorless. And finally the steamed clams were CHEWY. In recap, come here for the beers and the nice bartenders. The food you can do without.
1	Service was great, however, the food was mediocre.  Hostess needs to be more educated about the menu, she was unable to give details on menu items.Lets start the with fries that seem to be mandatory with each entree.  They had to be cooked prior to us ordering, or even getting there.  They were cold, limp (pause) and over salted.  The burger was just eh.  Grilled onions seemed to be just warmed on the grill, and the beef patty could have used a bit more flavor.  Fat has the flavor people!Oh, the floor at our first table was filthy.  Then the table at the second table was filthy.  What's up with that?Overall, this joint was not that great.
3	Not bad but not great either.  I tried the lobster roll and the bloody mary which we were informed as we walked in the Roland's was "famous" for.  Both were good but nothing spectacular.  I was also here quite some time ago and remember them having good pizza though.One thing to note is that they have a really large selection of beer both on draft and in bottles.
5	We had our company party at Roland's last week and once again they knocked it out of the house. We take the entire second floor and had about 175 guests. The food and service was incredible.  The next days brought many more thanks and compliments. The Carrozzi family treats you like one of their own.  Thanks again guys..Tony D
1	We wanted to eat there today. Waited for about 10 minutes at the entrance. No hostess coming up. Then she shows up saying that she will be back in another second. After additional 5 minutes we ask her what's going on. She did not apologize and says that it will take another 30 minutes. Really??!! Not the nice way to treat a party of 4 wanting to spend some money.
1	Last weekend my mother and I headed down to the strip to get some weekly goods - lunch meat and cheese from Penn Mac - veggies at Stans - needed some new spices from Penzeys for a chili I was going to make that day....we were both a little hungry and knew we wanted to have a snack before shopping.We parked in front of Roland's and see the sign: Famous for Lobster Rolls and Bloody Mary's!Perfect. My mother got the Lobster Roll, which she said was 'good'. The bread, from Mancini's, was of course tasty - toasted and buttery - delicious mostly because it was Mancini's bread. I had the Lobster Roll minus the carbs on a salad - and the lobster was tasty, no doubt , I mean, lobster is just - good. For the price though, not sure that I got enough bang for my buck. The salad was something I could have picked up at Get-Go in the pre-made section. I just didn't feel satisfied at the end of my meal. I couldn't even drink my Bloody Mary (this is a rare affair), way too much horseradish, and I often like horseradish in my Bloodies!And it was cold - didn't even take my winter coat off. So, needless to say, not the best experience.Talk about false advertisement...
3	My friend claimed Roland's had zeeee best lobster roll, so we stopped in Roland's on a rainy day.We were seated right away (given we had to sit outside in the cold) and split a $16 lobster roll. When it came out, I was kind of like.... "that's it?" Nonetheless, we split it.There just wasn't that much lobster in it. And the lobster in it..was just ok. And then it was on some greasy garlic bread. I don't know...I just wasn't a fan. Plus, our waitress took forever to show up again...I don't know, I wasn't too impressed with Roland's, but maybe I haven't tried what other things it may have to offer?
2	Overall, my experience was okay. We sat at the bar and our bartender was very friendly and helpful. We got the scallop appetizer and it was TO DIE FOR! I will 100% go back for that! That being said, it was downhill from there. We got the lobster roll and lobster ravioli...and both were "ehhh." The lobster roll had a ton of lobster on it (yeah!) but there wasn't any other seasoning or any type of dressing to tie it all together. The lobster  ravioli was the biggest disappointment because it had absolutely NO flavor....I had to grab the salt shaker and even then it barely had a taste. I can't even comment on the lobster inside of the ravioli because the whole thing just tasted like nothing.I'll go back for the scallops, but wouldn't recommend anything else.
3	My boyfriend and I visited on a Saturday afternoon. We tried mussels, clam chowder, jumbo shrimp cocktail and a burger.  The mussels were an appetizer portion and were enough for three people. They were perfectly cooked and very sweet.  The shrimp are sold a la carte. I ordered 6 of them, and was a bit let down that 2 of them were a bit dry. The cocktail sauce served with the shrimp had wonderfully spicy horseradish and was perfect.  The New England clam chowder was not overly thick and had lots of clams in it. Lastly, the burger, topped with gorgonzola cheese came with fries and cole slaw and was excellent.  The only reason I give this review 3 stars is because our waiter got overwhelmed by a few large parties and disappeared on us.  We had to flag down the hostess to get our waiter to bring us our check. Other than some dry shrimp, and the service issue, we had an enjoyable dinner.
4	Overall, the experience here was pretty good.  I had the lobster roll previously and wanted to go back for it a second time on a Friday during lent.  I expected it to be quite crowded during dinner time, however arriving at 6:30 there was no wait for 3.  The lobster roll was pretty good, although I do remember it being better. I wished that there was something extra on the sandwich, such as melted butter. And they raised the price a dollar.  Roland's has a huge draft beer selection. Each of us tried a different beer and they were reasonably priced, around $4.50 each.  I would definitely go back, but not any time soon.
1	This was my second time eating at Roland's  seafood Grill the first time I had a great experience the food was excellent the service was great even though they were busy we got really good service and everything was really fresh and good this time the food was needless to say very poorly prepared the service what service we got seemed more interested and everybody but the six people setting at our table. It took a couple of tries to get refills on drinks I asked for a cup of water I didn't even get the cup of water the pasta was more like wedding soup my medium stake was almost completely pink all the way through very undercooked my nieces pasta had more onions in it then it had sauce I will never visit this place again!!! It wasn't that busy tonight but we stood there for almost 15 minutes waiting for them to get us a table. I spoke with the manager and explained my concerns to him I just can't see me spending that kind of money for the experience that I had tonight again.
1	I really wanted to like this place. The beer choices and the casual menu was right up my alley. Unfortunately the food was not. The "famous" lobster roll had so much butter on it I think I am going to have a heart attack in my sleep tonight. Can't recommend the place.
2	Meh. Clam chowder was big and OK.  Veggie sandwich had great,  greasy, grilled Mancini bread but came with soggy fries and was mediocre overall. Our waitress told us she was new at least 20 times so she wasn't much help in recommending any dishes. I probably won't go back again.  For $25 a person,  I can do better elsewhere .
5	Yummyyyy! Lobster nachos were great, Matt the bartender/server Was great and silly! Hubby's famous fish sandwich was fish  gigantic and delish!! I highly recommend the rooftop deck or street side deck. Lots of great performer are on the street around you. The bar inside is great too. Love it here!!
1	Rough experience today - had one drink and left. Waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy. When I said something - everyone wanted to blame someone else - waitress couldn't describe beer and didnt iffer to find out or sample it - brought 12 year old son a pop in a little kids cup. Waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave.
1	WARNING ,,,,, this place is for SUCKERS ONLY ..... funky smelling ,worse tasting seafood ... overpriced ..... raunchy,un-clean restrooms .... only reason anyone goes here is because this is a ''tourist trap '' type neighborhood with some fun shopping spots nearby and this restaurant is positioned in the center of everything. As P.T. Barnum once said  '' There's a sucker born every minute '' ...... stay away ... any other restaurant will be better .
1	I travel quite a bit and always enjoy great food.  I was in town on a business trip and someone recommended Roland's Seafood Grill.  I was seated promptly and given a drink and food menu.  I noticed the beer sampler and thought I would give it a try. I asked the server if I could choose the beers and she said yes.  She went on to explain nearly most of the draft beers I selected were not available as they were having trouble with their taps. I ordered a flight of beers that arrived after 10 minutes and began tasting them.  They were cold but did not taste fresh.  Next I ordered the famous "Lobster Roll" which comes with fries and slaw.  It took nearly 20 minutes for my food to arrive but looked good at first glance.  The fries were plentiful and hot but greasy.  The lobster roll was served in a large piece of bread that resembled two uncut pieces of Texas toast.  It was buttered and grilled to give it a nice appearance.  The lobster inside was a small amount, cold and tough. The slaw was reasonably good and cold. The server came back and I ordered a pint of draft beer.  After nearly another 20 minutes she returned, apologized and explained they were having more problems with their tap system and offered me a bottle of Guinness instead of the draft I ordered.  At this point I politely explained I did not want the bottled version and asked for the check.  I would be hard pressed to ever return.  With other great restaurant choices in the area I don't understand why anyone would choose to eat at Roland's Seafood Grill.
1	Stopped in on the Fourth of July for evening cocktail and small meal. From horrible service to terrible seafood...would never return. We waited a very long time for cocktails and order to be taken, when there was little crowd around in the restaurant. Then, our oyster order came out on a plate of water, not ice. They were small and shriveled up and warm. Next, the mussels in white wine sauce....hahahah. Um, no...it was more like garbage sewer sauce. Mussels were freezing COLD. Had to search for a server to get the check, took a long time again. Normally, I would complain right then and there for such terrible food and service but it was one of those days that was going so nicely that complaining about food would just ruin mine and my husband's infrequent night out without kids. I did feel strongly enough to write this review. How can a seafood place serve terrible seafood? I have never given a 0 star review and have worked in the food service industry. This place is terrible. Spend your money somewhere else.
3	Hit Roland's on a Saturday around lunch. The place was packed but we got a seat in a back bar area which was nice, quiet, and air conditioned. Our server was friendly and working hard.I ordered the lobster roll. The lobster was drenched in garlic butter and served on a very fresh, thick slice of Mancini's bread. The only complaint was that the lobster itself was a bit dry. If it had been more melt-in-your-mouth, fresh-textured, I'd be singing its praises to anyone who'd listen. Too bad, the other elements were great. My mother said she'd had the lobster roll at Roland's a few years ago and she had the exact same experience. So c'mon Roland's...you're in the Strip...figure out a way to make that lobster roll PERFECTION.
2	We (3 in our party) stopped in to Roland's while in the lively and interesting Strip District. We placed our drink and food selections with the waitress. She brought our soups, which luckily had spoons in the huge bowls. All were absolutely delicious. The lobster bisque actually had lots of pieces of lobster and the onion soup rich, beefy taste with lots of onions. The clam chowder had tons of clams and the portion was large enough for a meal!!! Our shrimp appetizers ...fried shrimp and shrimp cooked in a beer broth were excellent. Unfortunately our server had no clue how to actually serve people in a restaurant...we had to ask 3 times for napkins and when they were finally brought to the table, she acted as if she was doing us a Big Favor. Then after our food was brought to the table and we asked multiple times for eating utensils. The first time we asked her we were polite, then asked another server, then when we asked at the hostess stand we were told "oh we told your waitress to bring them". When she finally brought them to our table she said "if you had asked nicely I would have brought them sooner". Can you believe that!!! The floor manager came over and while he apologized, also made excuses for her confrontational behavior. 5 stars for food and food prep, 0 stars for rude service or lack of service.
3	I think a solid 3 stars is a good way to explain and the reason is because there were really great things and really horrible things. First, we were starving when we pulled in here. Like so fricken hungry we ordered a ton of food lol. So we got the calamari and it was the worst calamari, maybe even the worst seafood, I have ever had. Now, being a seafood place you would think this wouldn't happen. It was sooooo over cooked that it tasted like a rubber band. Then I got a side salad and my husband got a bowl of clam chowder. Salad was great, fresh and the peppercorn dressing was extremely tasty. My husbands chowder....the best soup I have ever had! It was creamy and had a ton of clams in it. I mean it, the best clam chowder by far I have ever had! So at this point we were confused. So I got an Italian style pizza with spicy sausage which, I have to say wasn't bad. The sausage had a kick and it was a crispy crust. The sauce lacked a little, prob just tomatoes. My husband got their famous hot lobster roll and, just like everything else, was enormous and it was pretty good. Roll was buttery and the lobster was cooked well. The service wasn't bad, just extremely slow. So I really was confused by this place so the only thing I knew what to was to give it 3 stars bc I have no idea if I would come back or not? Maybe the calamari was a mistake? I just don't know. I would come back for the soup for sure...but for a seafood place to mess up fried calamari as an appetizer...come on!
5	Great lunch!!  Lobster roll was fantastic, service was just right, beer cold on a hot day.  Sit outside if you can!
2	Like a glutton for punishment, I hit up Roland's again last night while in town for business. I tired Kaya, but the wait was 30 + minutes.Here's the big clue I keep ignoring....the restaurant is EMPTY when everywhere else is crowded. Another issue is there's poor A/C in the dining room, which kind of sucks when it's 85 degrees and humid outside. I had a grilled vegetable sandwich and clam chowder. Same as before, it was just OK.  Service was better this time though. All in all, I preferred my to go taco salad from doba the night before to this meal. Save your money and try somewhere else. PS. Beer selection is impressive if you want to drink beers from all around the world.
2	I have been to Rolands a few times and have not experienced any of the problems others are saying they have, however, I'm only giving 2 stars because you're in the strip-you can do better than Rolands! I was most recently at Rolands during the steeler season last year. I ordered the crab chowder which I have had every time I have been there and each time it has been excellent. On this most recent visit I ordered the raspberry maple scallop appetizer as my meal. It was a large portion;I could not finish it and my fellow diners were too stuffed to help me. One member of my group ordered the seafood pizza and crushed it-said it was so tasty. My other fellow diner order the stuffed banana pepper app and also said it was good. They have a wide draft selection and if you get there early enough you can grab a seat near the tvs. The bar is usually too crowded to grab a seat at but our service at our table was attentive and quick. On a previous visit, I split a margarita pizza and it was good too so there is a variety of entrees/apps etc to choose from to please any palate.
5	Food was amazing.  Service was fast and friendly.   I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	I love this place! I've been here twice and it is excellent! So many things to chose from it's hard to have just one thing. I love seafood and always want everything on the menu. The portions are HUGE! If your there with one other person there's no point in getting an appetizer because they are all huge.  The crab spinach and artichoke dip is to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this place is the perfect spot. They have a huge deck upstairs and huge bar downstairs. The dining area is clean and everyone that works there seems very nice. Def will be returning!
2	Poor excuse for seafood!   The place is overrated.  Good place to have drinks on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon-but that's about it.  The employees are anything but friendly. Unless you sit at the bar, the service is poor. Isn't even that great at the bar.  If you want good seafood, go a couple blocks up the street to Luke Wholeys.  So much better quality!  This place is definitely not for those with sophisticated palates!
1	The wait staff looked like they were bussed in from a homeless shelter. The strange hostesses seated my party of 4, & it took 25 minutes to get our first beers. Ordered an app & left 25 minutes later, the lobster nachos never came, which sucked because I was quote excited about those. The place is gross! There was food & trash all over the floor & I watched several women exit the restroom with very disgusted looks on there face because the restroom was so nasty. This was confirmed by my wife. Skip this place & go anywhere else in the Strip District
3	We figured we'd give it a try even though the reviews weren't great.  Brother in law enjoyed his wings and the beer wasn't bad.  Bartender was helpful.
4	Fabulous beer selection, enjoyed eating outside, and great famous lobster roll sandwich. Thoroughly enjoy eating here and people watching in the Strip! And I've never had to wait long for a table even though they are always packed! And the waitstaff is very attentive but not annoyingly so.
5	Consistently some of the best service, food and atmosphere in Pittsburgh.  A real Pittsburgh gem.
2	I liked the bar.   The food not at all. First time here, wife and I sat at the bar and people watched over some WELL POURED drinks.   Strong point.  Then we screwed up and ordered food.   I got their infamous lobster roll.  Glad I had a drink.  Overcooked and dry, dry, dry. I thought lobster roll was generally made with a lobster salad-like mix.  This lobster was dry and chewy.  Lots of it, though  I guess that accounts for the high price.   I went down to Wholeys and got a much tastier one for 5 bucks.  And wife's nachos were just a big pile of chips with some toppings thrown on the top.  Then the other day,  we went back and I tried pizza.  Yuck.  The toppings were terrible (pepperoni, sausage.  how can youscrew that up, but they did.)  Two slices and boxed it up so as not to hurt the waitress' feelings.  But it went into the trashcan down the street.  Go for the hootch and not the food!!
4	I'm surprised Roland's has such bad reviews. I've never had anything bad here. Their lobster rolls are very good and you get a large portion of lobster in it. The clam chowder is good, their seafood pizza is awesome. I honestly have never had a complaint about their food. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is the service is usually pretty slow. Even when we go when not a lot of customers are there, the service still seems to be slow. I would definitely go back.
1	Super disappointed in this place. Came here for a paint nite they were hosting and arrived over an hour beforehand to eat. All I ordered was soup and salad in order to be quick and my friends who ordered a lobster roll and shrimp got their food within 20 minutes. 40 minutes later, and ten minutes prior to painting I still had not received mine. On top of that, there was only one bartender working the whole top floor. When we told him I'd have to cancel my order to begin the event he began cursing about the staff at the restaurant- it was incredibly awkward. When the food arrived it was mediocre at best. Will not be coming back to this place unless I'm dragged.
2	Went there Saturday November29, 2014. Entered establishment at 5:30 pm. PROS.....Very good clam chowder...biggest bowl of it I've ever been served. Sandwiches... 2 lobster rolls and 1 fish sandwich.....Both very good, although the fish was slightly overcooked. Again...huge portions.   CONS...After being at table since 5:30, nothing but our empty pop glasses were in front if us. After being told said clam chowder was being freshly cooked, 15 minutes later it was served. As good as it was, it certainly wasn't hot enough to claim it just came out if the pot. Our sandwiches finally came out after other tables around who had ordered well after us received our orders. They may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a Saturday night. The best though was the incompetent hostess. The hostess with the leastest. Talk about someone who didn't have a clue. From screwing up where we were supposed to sit, to watching her continue to do the same thing with others, at least it gave us something to talk about while we waited. What a twit.
3	Stopped in last night because we wanted to 'step out' of our usual places on Carson St.  The place was rather busy and was pleasantly warm on a cold Saturday night.  We found seats at the bar and a friendly bartender greeted us and took our drink order.  The drafts arrived right away and we requested menu's...  We ordered 2 shrimp cocktails and a calamari.  The shrimp arrived within 5 minutes and came with a small bowl of cocktail sauce with a dollop of horseradish on top.  I mixed mine as I love horseradish but my friend would have preferred it on the side or in another bowl as he isn't a fan.  The shrimp were big and fresh and delicious.  I mean- can you really mess up cold shrimp...?  The calamari took over a half hour to arrive.  It was pleasing to the eye and smelled delicious.  It had grilled onions & peppers on it with a slight spice dusted on top.  I thought it was delicious but my wife wasn't digging it.  She thought it was overcooked & rubbery.  Our friend isn't a fan of calamari so we didn't have a 3rd opinion to be the deciding factor...Then things went south...My wife went into the ladies room and came out with a straight up disgusted look on her face.  I saw her stop a waitress and after the 'chat' the waitress turned away and rolled her eyes.  Well, my wife said the bathroom was disgusting- Toilet paper & paper towels all over the floor, 5 stalls with only a half roll of toilet paper to be shared between all 5, no paper towels to dry your hands off after you washed them.  Does the employees have a separate washroom to use or do they use this one also and just don't notice???  The health dept signs say "Employees must wash & dry hands with soap & hot water".  Then I visited the Men's room and found almost the same thing- paper all over the floor in the stalls, I didn't notice if they had tp in there, and no paper towels to dry your hands with.  To us- the bathrooms must be clean & well stocked or we wonder what the kitchen & other 'back of house' areas look like.  If the bathrooms are in this much need of attention- the kitchen must be worse...  We paid our tab and left...
1	I think one star is being HIGHLY generous for this restaurant. My family and I visited Roland's on a Sunday afternoon for some lunch. It was by far the worst experience at a restaurant I have had. My husband and I both ordered the Lobster Rolls and I order my daughter pasta from the kids menu. It took the staff SO LONG to bring our lunch and when it finally came, my husband and I both got our sandwiches, but my daughter got nothing. Of course she was not happy about that at all, and trying to calm her down, we were giving her our food so that she had something, but she really wanted her pasta. My husband went to talk to the manager, and our server came over but STILL NO PASTA. 15-20 minutes later the pasta finally came out. And of course it was scalding hot. Not only was the pasta so hot that it was inedible (especially for a kid) there was a POOL of greasy butter and oil in the bottom of the bowl. I think my kid ate more of the grease than the actual pasta. It was DISGUSTING. This was such an absolutely horribly disappointment of a restaurant. Not to mention that the lobster roll was not even that great and definitely not worth $16. (Maybe it would have been better if it didn't sit on my plate for twenty minutes while I waited for my daughter's food). Don't waste your time here, especially if you have kids. The staff (minus our waitress who was really nice and it wasn't her fault) are a bunch of bozos.
1	I would give them ZERO stars if it were an option. No one came to wait on us. I had to ask the hostess to send us a waiter. We'll call him Mr. Personality because he never did tell us his name. I should have known we were in trouble when he didn't bother to write down our order. My Caesar salad came without the requested onions. My grilled salmon was overcooked. The vegetables were bland. The waiter took away my half-empty glass of ginger ale and filled it with water. He never offered us dessert. The rest rooms were filthy. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
2	Usually I really like this place.  Stopped in after not eating all day, and ordered the "famous" lobster roll.  It took 40  minutes to receive a medium piece of lobster claw on thick Mancino toast.  THATS IT!  Oh and less than stellar fries, with a cup of cole slaw.  I waited with an empty pint glass several times as well...I guess you can't get it right every time.
3	Not bad.  Not great.  But not bad.   Excellent bang for your buck, especially if you're hungry.
4	We were shopping on a cold day in the Strip District and decided to try this place for lunch because of the sign advertising the hot lobster roll. It was pretty empty; a few early drinkers at the bar and a few couples seated at tables. I ordered a bloody mary which honestly tasted weird, so I'm not sure what was going on there. For food, we ordered clam chowder, a hot lobster roll, and a fish sandwich. The clam chowder was really tasty with good consistency and was a huge serving, much larger than we expected. The hot lobster roll was rich, buttery, and warm, and the lobster was good and fresh. The fish sandwich was gigantic... two huge fillets breaded and fried with tons of french fries. It was a little greasy but pretty tasty. Overall, I was happy with lunch and with the service and I would probably go again for the lobster roll or the clam chowder.
3	Came here for lunch and unfortunately spent about 2 hours here because the kitchen was backed up.  Luckily for us we had the time to spare.  Came down to the strip to pick up some stuff for Christmas Eve party and ended here  for some lunch.  I got the lobster roll and it was delicious.  The roll was practically soaked in butter, so that could be an improvement but the lobster meal was great and warm.  They also have a great lobster bisque as well that I'm sure is made from pure cream.  My wife had the crab cake sandwich, and was only mediocre.  It wasn't crispy and bland.  I would come back here again but would so for the lobster roll.  The waiter was great and attentive but the food did take FOREVER to come out.  He did warn us of this and I don't blame him one bit.
1	Ugh if I could give this place -10 stars I would. What a nightmare. To start, the first time I ate here, I almost swallowed a giant shard of plastic that was in my salad. Then to my horror, the bar tending goes "whoops." and tosses it on the floor!! Fast forward a couple months, I decide to give this place a second chance. (I must have been delirious from hunger.)First off the bar tender was rude, slow as hell and terrible at making drinks. My friend and myself order our food and 20 min later out comes my friends food. After almost an hour of waiting, I still had NO pizza. When I asked the cranky pants bar tender in the NICEST possible way, where it was, he just shrugged and walked away. I asked to speak to a manager and was told he was "busy." Finally someone came to talk to me and after an hour and a half I got my shitty pizza. Thank you to the kitchen manager for doing his job and coming to talk to the customer. But, to the bar tender working earlier New Year's Eve. You DO NOT DESERVE THIS JOB AND SHOULD BE FIRED.
