4	This place is home of the steamed bagel.  All the bagels are steamed and wrapped in tin foil like a burrito (which is the easiest way to eat them).  The menu is full of delighful combinations, one of my favorite is the Sweet Thursday- cinnamon raisin bagel, egg, swiss cheese, and tomato, I know it sounds wierd but it's delicious.  The chicken salad is also pretty good.  The sandwiches are large but they aren't cheap- look for the special of the day.
5	Delicious - reminds me of bodo's bagels in Charlottesville, VA.  The only genuine home grown bagel place I know of in Charlotte.  Customers have written all over the wall - fun to read while you are waiting for your scrumptious bagel sandwich!
5	I used to live in Charlotte for 2 years. The opening of Owen's within walking distance of our house changed my world, and made me a much happier Charlottean. Ambling over on Saturday and/or Sunday mornings to read the paper and munch on a Hangover Helper was the best part of my week. The fact that they included a fountain soda along with an egg, cheddar and sausage (that's what I got on it, anyway) onion bagel sandwich immediately impressed me regarding how well they knew what cured my hangovers.Oh, and the Chia Bagel, Hot Tuna Meltdown, and Banana Surprise are other favorite menu items.  I'm no longer a resident, but Owen's is always one of my first stops back in town. Last week we were in Charlotte for four days - four days made great by three lunches at Owen's!
4	Certainly a unique experience.  With the helpful staff to guide me on my first adventure into the Owen's bagel way of life, it was a very pleasant experience.  It was some tasty stuff, the onion bagel sandwich I had was amazing, once I got used to it anyway.  The difference in cooking methods made it taste slightly different from other bagels I've had.  But it was all good, I can see why they've been around for so long.
4	Though it's kinda hard to find Owen's, you'll be glad once you do. We absolutely love this place. It's awesome--especially for a big breakfast or lunch sandwich when you're super hungover. At least that's what I've found. Owen's is, when you get down to it, a bagel sandwich place--no more, no less (though they do have some other snacks and sides, like brownies, chips, cookies, and pasta salad). That's why you should come here. Their bagels are fresh and they have an extensive selection, from pumpernickel to Everything. Their sandwich combos are super creative and equally extensive. Literally, you can order any thing you think of, or something Owen's has already thought of. My girlfriend loves their Hummus and Veggie Bagel. I go for the Reuben, which comes smothered with great cheese and mustard. Check out their menu--it's amazing (with funny names too). Also, they steam their bagels--with the meat, cheese and veggies/sauce they've already put in it. It's interesting, but usually tastes great, so long as you dont select a sandwich best served cold.
5	I don't think I have anything to say that hasn't been said about Owen's already, but this place is easily one of, if not my favorite breakfast place in Charlotte.Great BagelsNice peopleFree Wi-FiNot sure it gets much better.Recommendation:  Hangover Helper on Sesame.
2	I love bagels.  Whenever I go to New York, I have to get a bagel from one of the carts on the street, and at least one from a deli with a breakfast sandwich on it.  I love bagels so much that it's almost worth going to New York City just for the bagels.  I'm sorry, but places like Brueggers and Einstein Brothers just aren't the same (as decent as they are).The bagels at Owen's, however, are different.  I don't know if they are the match of New York bagels, but they are awfully close.  The one thing you have to know - as has been mentioned - is that the bagels are steamed, rather than toasted.  It's a little different, but not entirely bad.  Just go in expecting it and you'll probably be okay.Once you get past that, you'll find that the ingredients definitely set the place apart.  It's worth the trip.  You do have to have a bit of funk in you, as the walls are covered with quasi-graffiti, but it's not bad.
1	The bagels aren't bad.  Not much better than other choices.  However, they are big time spammers.  They send out unsolicited emails to people from whom they have never received an email address or permission to contact.Einstein's is down the street and they don't spam.   Fight spam, boycott Owens!
4	I cannot believe that I lived right down the road from Owen's for a year and a half and just discovered this little gem a few weeks ago.  This place is awesome!  The selection of bagel sandwiches is seemingly infinite.  There is truly something for everyone, whether you like veggies, BBQ, breakfast, or good ole lox and cream cheese.  Trying to pick just one can be overwhelming, but just stick to what you like and you will be good to go.  They have an enormous selection of hot teas and various other beverages, and they also have a cold case filled with deli salads and the like.  Super reasonably priced, amazing homemade bagels, totally chill atmosphere, and a friendly staff.  Can't ask for anything more in a neighborhood deli!
3	I'm not a big fan of this place, although I was only here once for lunch.Parking here can be a bit tight, but the interior of this bagel shop is fairly spacious.  Somehow, the atmosphere on the particular afternoon I visited stressed me out.  A family with two screaming kids, spilling things on the floor.  The employees appeared to be squabbling over something or other and loudly calling out ingredients that they needed.  The layout is also a bit confusing with menus on one end, payment on the other that was opposite to guest traffic.  The staff on this day was a bit surly.I did like the open, industrial vibe with writing on the walls and a variety of news magazine covers on the walls.The lunch bagels have fun names and neat meat and veggie combinations.  I had a turkey, avocado, bacon and cheese bagel.  Steamed bagels are a strange concept for me.  I'm not a fan.  Bagels packed To Go will steam on their own in the wrapper, so why steam them to start?  All in all, I guess I like my bagels toasted and to eat them in a relaxing environment.  It's a matter of preference.
5	Happiness is a warm bagel.Owen's claim to fame is their bagel steaming process.  Before I came here, I had no idea what bagel steaming entailed, but it beats the heck out of toasting.  Bagels (and bagel sandwiches) go in the steamer as regular bagels.  A couple minutes later, they come out warm packets of chewey bagel goodness.  I especially recommend it for bagel sandwiches involving cheese. I ordered the Italian bagel sandwich -- a combination of ham, pepperoni, provelone and banana peppers on an onion bagel.  I subbed a plain bagel, since I hate onions, and the server was totally cool with the substitution.  After steaming, the bagel came out a cheesey warm chewey delight.  Think toasted Quiznos, but with better ingredients.The wide range of menu items can be a little overwhelming if you're looking at the variety of posters suspended from the ceiling.  Your better bet is to grab a printed menu from the counter.Perhaps the only thing better than a steamed bagel from this shop is a steamed cookie.  The cookies are generously sized and delicious as-is.  But if you can talk your server into popping a cookie into the steamer, it comes out chewey and melty like it was fresh from the oven.Owen's bagel shop might be a little tough to find, but the bagels make it worth seeking out.
3	Bagel fondue, anyone?I feel like a jerk being all "poo poo" about the new "bagel-rito" but the mess that ensues when you put cream cheese, a slice of swiss or provolone, tomatoes and lettuce on a bagel and then add water and heat was waaay too much for me. Next time, even if it gets me dirty looks, I'm having mine toasted and schmeared, just like home. If they have a toaster, that is...happily, however, the coffee is awesome.I would say that if you're a bagel purist, just have them keep the thing out of the steamer, since they look pretty promising sitting in their wire racks back there.
1	Meh.Bagels are steamed therefore, mushy...reminded me of eating play-do.  You'd think they would toast for those who want toasting.  However, it fails me how many businesses prefer to not make money.Won't be back....sorry, and I so wanted to like this place bc of yelpers and it was local.Cream cheese spread (spinach) lacked adequate amount of spinach...i mean, come on, if it is called spinach...use some spinach, not just bits of it.
3	Owen's Bagel & Deli is located in "The Pavilion @ South End" shopping center, in the South End district of Charlotte. The retail center is oddly designed, with multiple vacancies at the moment. I thought that the bagels were made on the premises, but a sign at the door announced that the bagels served were actually from New York. Curious about the steamed heating method, I did not allow the sign to deter me from entering, although I was a little concerned about another sign taped to the door where the resto apologized for the "inconsistency" of the bagels. The bagel shop itself looked more like a university dining commons room gone wild, with school banners all about and graffiti over every inch of the walls. As I waited for my order, a simple onion bagel with cream cheese and a breakfast bagel, I spied a poster that read "War is unsafe for children and living things".  A rather smart thought, however, on each table was a table tent advertising that they were switching back to styrofoam cups, since patrons did not like the plastic ones. Styrofoam? Does that not hurt living things as well, sitting in landfill, since styrofoam does not decompose? A bit of a contradiction I thought. A few moments later my order came out and as others commented, the bagel heating process makes the bread chewy, however, I didn't mind, since I was prepared for that. If I wanted a traditional bagel, I would have stopped by the bagel shop a few blocks down the street, however, since this cooking method appeared to be a local thing, I had to try it out. Overall, nice staff, reasonable prices and interesting decor. The heating method itself, well ... interesting.
5	This place rocks!! The owner is awesome you can make ur sandwhich anyway u want and even write down ur own sandwhich creation and add it to there floating menu list!! If ur sandwhich is a hit they will print it on the next menu!I got the dreadlock but swapped the bacon for tuna.. Yum :-)
5	I knew I'd be down w Owens from the moment i walked in.. guess u could say the writing was on the wall!i love their super creative selection of bagel and bialy sandwiches.. their food is very good, but the highly likable atmoshpere and great peeps running the join def sealed the 5th star for me.I got the 'south end' w turkey, tomato, onion, spinach cream cheese on a bialy. yeah its a good as it sounds.
5	Reading the recent activity on YELP about Owen's, I had to find out for myself.  I went  today and had a bagel and a cup of coffee.  My coffee wasn't hot, it must have been the bottom of the press pot but for some reason, it didn't bother me and they still get 5 stars.  They were really nice, my bagel was served hot and delicious.  Their coffee is Larry's Beans, so Owen's is supporting a NC business, so we should support their NC business!!!  Right?  Owen's takes pride in their food and it shows, they also serve Boars Head meats and you can go to Leather and Lace and get a lap dance afterwards, now that is full  service..I will rate Owen's Bagel & Deli four corn dogs.
5	These steamed bagels are where it is at.  Get anything with bacon and I promise you won't be disappointed. Love how the walls are decorated with poems, promises, and manifestos of all sorts. To boot, Jeff Owens is a great guy, the kind you want to give business to... I was only in town for 10 days, and came here twice, so that should tell you something!Yum. Yum. Yum.
2	I really, really want to like this place. Super nice staff, kid friendly, but the steamed bagel sandwiches are just so blah. I have been twice for lunch and this week I brought my husband a sandwich. Three different menu items and the same response for each ... eh.  I will come back with my kiddos but I think I will stick with the basic bagels and cream cheese.
5	I love me some bagels. Large doughy goodness and covered with schmear, please. And Owen's Bagel & Deli certainly delivers - in a big, creative, steamy way. I've frequented Owen's many a time and I always appreciate the local, hippy vibe that rocks through the scrawled upon walls. It's a very casual haunt, where you can grab some morning breakfast or a quick lunch. You'll see all sorts of customers here - from the church crowd to the hungover college kids. The bagel connoisseurs who work at Owen's are very laid back and friendly. Be prepared to chuckle while reading their menu - they have incredibly creative sandwich names like The Mark Cuban and The Tonya Harding Club. While I've tried many delicious bagel sammies here, but I always go back to my old standby - the Banana Surprise. It's a cinnamon raisin bagel, slathered with cream cheese, covered in bananas and a dusting of cinnamon sugar. It's incredible. Husband always orders a Mr. Turkey with egg, also a delicious choice. All the bagels and bagel sandwiches are steamed and that makes them super tasty and chewy. Oh, and their coffee is local, which just makes me love them even more. Head on over to Owen's for a monstrous steamed bagel sandwich, and if you're not full enough, make sure you grab a cookie on the way out - they are the size of your face and a sugary dream.
5	One of my favorite breakfast places. It's local and it cool. What more do you need? Located next to Leather & Lace and across from Icehouse and Atherton Market, this bagel joint is good for all ages. The "named" sandwiches are good for a good laugh and make the entire menu worth reading. Bagels are steamed and made to order on your bagel flavor of choice, though many are set for you for ease with the specific menu item.When you make your way into the place, make sure you go to the counter away from the cashier and order at the counter by the people making the bagels. There's usually a line and just make sure not to skip. Once you've ordered, move over to the register and get a drink/coffee if you desire. Then you wait...about 3-4 minutes while they prepare your food. They'll call out the bagel, not your name, so be alert :)My favorite is a unique order....Mr. Turkey, no lettuce, add egg on wheat. It's funny now, since I've been there a few times, the minute I say no lettuce, they finish with "add egg on wheat". Guess I come here often...ha. Great weekend morning place to chill with an inexpensive breakfast. They have a nice patio area too, so make sure you check that out too!
2	3 years ago I would have given Owen's 4, maybe even 5 stars.  These days I can only give it 2.  One reason is the young kids they have working in there who talk and text on their phones and than proceed to make sandwiches without washing their hands. Cell phones are dirtier than toilets.  Another reason is the price.  Most bagels are over $5 and they are not worth the price - with combos costing about $7.  I can get a good sized fresh made sub from Jersey Mike's, with chips and a drink for that price.  Sure the interior is funky and it's local and all of that stuff, but when products are overpriced and service isn't so good, I'd rather go somewhere else and get my moeny's worth.
3	I have been to this place numerous times with it being right were I get my pedicures and around the corner from work, but last time I was in I had a "Bad Bagel"!! I had opted for the tuna fish with Pepper-jack cheese....I brought it back to my office and the tuna was just old or something it had a fishy taste to it and was pretty dry. In the past I have had the ham and cheese and that was really good on an Asiago Bagel!! I just love how the bagel sticks to the roof of my mouth like fresh white bread does!! The service has always been friendly and prompt guess I had gone in on an off day!!
5	Owen's is awesome.  About a 4.5, but it's local and interesting so it gets a round up!  It's a lot bigger inside than it looks from the outside and there is quite a selection of tasty bagel treats.  They have some really creative combinations that taste good too!  They have an option of toasted or steamed bagel.  My buddy asked what the steamed option meant and the server answered, "It's steamed and delicious...versus toasted and delicious!"Good prices, great vibe, local flavor.  Bagel sandwiches are always better.
2	No toaster. NO TOASTER. WHY must the best bagels in CLT be forced into a sauna to steam away all their crusty, crunchy potential?Toppings are diverse, coffee is good. Staff is cute and stoned. Decor is rad, and I feel totally comfy, until EVERYTHING IN MY 6 DOLLAR BREKKIE SAMMICH comes pouring out, onto my lap, onto my dry-clean-only Interview Shirt, and then that's it - I'm throwing a tantrum (in my head at least) and tossing the wet mess into the bin. Give us the option, kids. Don't be Steamer Fascists.
5	Does New York City know about Owen's?Owen's is Charlotte's hidden gem. Seriously, it's almost impossible to find. If you're having trouble, go to Polished in South End. It's right across the hall inside the Pavilion.Once you're inside, there are a variety of bagels, cream cheeses and sandwich options to choose from and, really, you can't go wrong, although I wish they cooked their eggs to order. If you can't decide, you can always get the "lottery" bagel. It's $6.50 for a bagel sandwich of the staff member's choice with chips and a fountain drink. I've never had a bad one yet!A few insider tips...First off, get your bagel steamed instead of toasted. I know, it's crazy, but it's AMAZING.Second, at Owen's a bagel with everything on it isn't called an ET or an everything bagel, but a "combo" bagel.One combo, steamed, with butter, please!
4	Went here today after hearing it was great for kids and I can say I'm a new fan.  I usually prefer my bagels toasted, not steamed, but their selection of sandwiches was huge and extensive, and mine won me over to the steam-team.
4	This will now be my go-to bagel place. I really like their veggie cream cheese...not quite as good as Wegman's brand...but better than Panera's for sure. They have a ton of varieties and sandwich combos.I went with an everything bagel with veggie cream cheese, cucumber, avocado, and sprouts. It was deeelicious! I felt that everything was reasonably priced and the location was very convenient. I will be driving right past Einstein ... to Owen's !
4	i walk here constantly and love owens.  they have very creative bagel sammy combos and good coffee.  i like going for bfast or lunch, mandy's mayhem or mark cuban look-a-like are both my jams.  they're in a neat space and if you would like a lap dance with your bagel and coffee you just have to walk across the street to leather and lace
5	delicious, absolutely delicious.  i've only had the grubby bubby, twice, but it is damn good (egg, avocado, tomato and a HUGE slice of muenster on a fantasticly tasty bagel). the menu is huge and full of all sorts of delightful combinations to be wedged in between their top notch bagels.  i am going to try as many as i can when i can.  the atmosphere is cool, but the menu on strings behind the counter is very hard to read when it's your first time in there and you're conciousness is "elevated." love the place, def recommend it to out of towners that want some unique QC flavor.
5	Haven't been here in a while but love their bagels! It's definitely something that us Charlotteans are not used to... what a bagel steamed and made into a sandwich? The melty amazing gooeyness of the cheese on their bagels just makes you want to come back for more. We are so used to Einstein and Brueggers bagels down here. Don't get me wrong I'm fine with a bagel and cream cheese but Owens is different! It's in it's own category for bagels. Also, it's not a franchise, yet.  I remember coming here a few years ago when they first opened their doors and saw "If" by Rudyard Kipling written from top to bottom on one of the walls it brought back memories of my childhood and having to memorize that poem.  Overall great place for breakfast or lunch and close to uptown Charlotte right in South end.
5	Bagel lovers looking for a little something old and a little something new wrapped in an original one of a kind shop need to make Owen's a must-try.  The basic concept here is bagel sammies which have been steamed into submission.  Is it a little messy?  HELLZ YEAH.  But is it tasty?  Ridiculously so.  When the same-ole' won't cut it for my rise and shine, Owen's can awaken my taste buds.For you purists, if you just want your round dough with just a schemer of something tasty, or if you like your bagel plain or just toasted, they can do that too.  You just have to ask at the time you order and you just have to know that your combo won't have a cool name posted on the hanging menus.  So kids, once and for all, YES they have a toaster and YES they will toast any sandwich or plain bagel.  Huzzah for customization!Veggie friends, there are many options here.  Vegan friends, there's love for you too: who knew sprouts, avocado, tomato and hummus could get steamed and turned into such a tasty treat?!  Or how about banana, peanut butter, and local honey (assuming you're OK with honey)?  Gooey fun says me.I also have to give major props to the locally roasted coffee served here.  Larry's Beans makes small batches and they make some pretty wicked flavors and blends.  The Ethiopian blend was nice but the Southern Pecan was so good it really did need any sweetener.  I walked out with a serious case of the jitters, but it was worth it.Can't decide which to pick?  In my couple trips here the servers called out the "Grubby Bubby" at a ration of about 5:1.  Egg, Muenster, Smoked Cheddar, Avocado and Tomato on a Bialy.  Try picking that up at your local chain bagel shop.  Rock on Owen's crew.
2	Owen's needs to move to a new location.  It is located inside a shabby mini-mall and  there is a nail salon across the hall from this restaurant from which  the odors are quite prevalent. I'm surprised that this is allowed in the health code.  I get a headache from the odors just waiting for my food and will never sit inside the restaurant to eat, which is a shame.  The inside is decorated with all kinds of things that would take an entire day to completely discover.  If the bagel shop had walls that reached up to the ceiling it would help keep the nail salon odors out.  Other than this, the bagels are fresh and there is quite an extensive and creative listing of sandwiches to choose from.  There are plenty of vegetarian and vegan choices.  Service is pretty good.  You can't expect speed when making a bagel so don't be in a hurry when you come here - just plug your nose.
4	Years ago, my friend Jen raved about the steamed bagel sandwiches that she'd eaten while attending school in Ohio.  She couldn't contain her excitement about Bagel & Deli coming to Charlotte, and right down the road from her house no less!  I'll admit that I was somewhat dubious about the idea of something tasty coming from Ohio, and the idea of steaming a bagel just seemed strange and inappropriate, like eating chili on spaghetti noodles.  Steamed bread?  I cringed at the thought of the microwave sandwiches I ate in elementary school.  Boy, was I wrong.  Steamed bagels ARE good.  I like them, I like them, Sam I Am.  If you're heading to Owens for the first time, prepare yourself for being overwhelmed by the menu options.  You're going to go all deer-in-the-headlights and stuff.  Not only is the printed menu extensive, but there are construction paper signs hanging on a line displaying some of their more creatively titled menu items; hung there to distract you and cause you to inexplicably stare for minutes on end.   There is a seemingly endless list of fantastic sandwiches for you to choose from, or you can create and name your very own bagel sandwich creation.  I've only had one sub-par experience here but it was during a weird time of day when I'd imagine the third stringers were in the game.  I think that the vast majority of people are like me and enjoy eating at Owens after a long night out with friends, but this is a great place for breakfast or lunch any old day.
1	I hate that I have to rate this place as 1 star, but it has to be done.  I was so overwhelmingly disappointed with my experience.  I met my husband for lunch and we were both excited to try this place out.  Everywhere we have lived we have found a local bagel place that has had awesome breakfast and lunch sandwiches.  And I love love bagels.  So I was really expecting something great.  Well we walked in and were slammed by the disgusting smell of the nail salon next door.  The whole little shopping center is indoors but the stores themselves are open-air, if that makes sense.  The place next door to Owen's is a nail salon, who does that?!  The last thing I want to smell is chemicals while I'm eating lunch...well maybe dog poo would be worse.  Anyways, the menu looks great, we place our orders, and they are out of almost every bagel.  It was noon and I thought that lunch would be a major deal there and they would have plenty of bread for the only thing they are serving.  So the sandwiches take forever and we go to pay and I order us each a combo with potato salad and a drink.  This is what the guy at the register says "We don't have that."  And then nothing else and just stares at me.  Umm ok so I ask "Why is it on your menu?"  He looks at me with the most dumb and confused look on his face.  He picks up a menu and looks at it.  Then he says that they have new owners now and this menu is from the old owners.  Well make some new menus dummy!  They are obviously homemade and could be done in 10 minutes.  And how can you not know what's on your menu?!?  Then I ask what they have for sides and he looks in the display case and says "We have hummus, chicken salad, and tuna salad."  WHAT?!  Jeez this is weird.  I ask "Those are your sides??"  I guess it finally clicks in his head what I'm looking for and says they have chips.  Ok I'll take chips, just get me outta here, I'm getting a headache from the nail polish fumes.  To top it all off, the sandwiches were just ok.  I am not a fan of steaming the bagels.  I like when they are crispy outside and chewy inside, the epitome of a bagel in my opinion.  These were just straight chewy.  And I'm pretty sure the place was not very clean.  The girl making the sandwiches was barehanded and answering the phone in the middle of her sandwich making.  Nasty.  I'm sorry for the rant but thank you for listening.  I hope this place can turn it around but it's going to take a lot to get me to go back here for lunch.  Bummer.
5	Excellent bagel sandwich...so many menu items to chose from, and the quality is delicious. Funky space, good service, highly recommend.
3	This is a great place to go if you have small kids and time. The wait for getting your food can be a little long so if you're in a hurry to get back to work then maybe this isn't the right place for you.If you have some time and want a great bagel sandwich with a laid back atmosphere then you don't want to miss stopping by here. The walls are covered with graffiti (don't be afraid to add your own) and the music is an ecclectic mix. There is even a play area for smaller children with toys and books.The sandwiches are made on real NY bagels and are steamed. I prefer mine toasted and they can do that too. I've had a few of their cleverly named sandwiches and you can even invent your own for them if you'd like. The breakfast sandwiches are great and filling. They even off free trade coffee along with a great mix of teas. During the winter months they offer a new soup each day which is delicious and satisfying. I love this place.
4	First thing I noticed when I walked into this place: Owen's Bagel & Deli is definitely a popular spot for the hung over kids in Southend.As long as I'm grabbin' and goin', I'm a fan of this place. When I linger and eat my bagel inside, Owen's neighbor, some nail place, tends to give me a headache due to the fumes.Minimal vegan options, but these bagels are mighty tasty. I tend to go with the Cinnamon Raisin and PB. Owen's definitely caters more to the omnivores-- there are a lot of bagel sandwich options.
4	Nice stop, funky interior. Takes a while to get a bagel, but that's the care going into making it that takes so long, right? They have an overwhelming menu, but it's a good thing...it all looks great! I've had a few bagel sandwiches and they've been really good and totally filling. They just partnered with Foodie Call so you can get a bagel wherever you are in the Queen City! There is free WiFi, a patio that gets direct sunlight (get a tan while you eat!), and plenty of seating indoors. Parking space is limited, so on a busy day plan to park on a neighborhood street and have a nice walk.
3	I step into Owen's after driving by twice and parking around back by the greenhouse. I shoulda read Todd's review and I would have had better luck! The interior is funky cool and makes you think local! I went with an everything bagel with turkey, egg,sprouts and avocado and a cup of joe. The coffee was average, so I figure the bagel was going to be awesome! My first bite into the bagel was nice but a bite of everything together made me wanting more, a lot more. The sprouts were a bit on the old side and turkey didnt make me think Boars Head. I searched out some hot sauce (packets) and that helped a little. I wish they had a few bottles of Red Hot or something instead of the tiny packets. I hope my third visit will be the charm!
4	With great bagel sandwich names and wonderful combinations, Owen's Bagels is a solid locale to grab breakfast and/or lunch. The menu can be a bit overwhelming, so they have it narrowed down by the type of meat involved (which is helpful for folks who only eat certain meats). And if you go on the weekend, be prepared for a line and a bit of a wait due to the popularity of this trendy little joint. I've tried the following:1. The Muenster Mash on a whole wheat bagel - Hummus, Muenster, Green Peppers, Onion, Lettuce, and Tomato. Seriously good. My favorite bagel at Owen's. No need for meat when you have all this delicious veggieness on one homemade bagel. And at only $4.00, this is a steal.2. Sir Purr's Purrfect Bagel on whole wheat - Turkey, Veggie Cream Cheese, Smoked Cheddar, Lettuce, Tomato. I never thought I'd say this, but there was WAY too much cheese on this thing. Not sure if the maker of the sandwich was just heavy-handed with the veggie cream cheese or what, but I had to scrape a bunch of it off before I could even eat the sandwich. After that it was very good. A bit more expensive at $5.65.3. Cinnamon Raisin Bagel with Maple Nut Cream Cheese - I do not recommend this option. The bagel barely had any raisins in it and wasn't really very cinnamon-y, either. And the maple nut cream cheese was disgusting. Go for one of the sandwiches and you'll be much happier with your experience.Be sure to bring your appetite as the bagel sammies are quite large. And take some time to read all the funny little quips written on the walls - or write some for yourself - either way you'll be entertained. Owens is located in South End across from the Atherton Mills Market. So swing in for a bagel sammie and then run across the street for some healthy fruits and veggies. A win-win all around!
5	I popped into Owen's after leaving a "retro diner" that had horrible service and I never received my meal (Mattie's, check your staff). This was a setup for Owen's to some degree. If the service was bad, I was already PO'd so I'd probably take it out on them. However, if the service was good, the contrast would make them look like they served manna from heaven. Well, here is how it went... great! First off, the place is sorta weird and unconventional... a big plus for me. The menu was varied and options a plenty.  In addiation, they use Boar's head products, so I know they care. Placed the order after a short wait, and recieved it in about five minutes. Everything was yummy and we were happy campers. Rita's BLT gets a thumbs up and my sesame seed, egg and Colby bagel was a belly pleaser also.  Added bonus, people graffiti the walls with Sharpie pens. I exacted my revenge toward the retro dump . . . killed two birds with one stone ( and two bagels).
4	Yep...  A Groupon brought my girlfriend and me to Owens Bagels for the first time and we were bemused to see a funky interior and funny sounding sandwiches... I had the very delicious Pigs 'n' the Mud and she tried the Dilworthian... we thoroughly enjoyed the sandwiches but were dismayed by the lukewarm, weak coffee... yuck!  The interior appears clean but there were lots of crumbs on the table edges and floor... we aren't clean freaks but they need more staffing to assist with keeping things cleaner and the coffee made hotter/better...All in all, we'll be back but hoping for improvement...
5	Love this place!  The first time I went (a few years ago) I was weary about getting a steamed bagel ( I love my toasted NY bagels) but it was delish!  I started out with 'safer' bagel options, the Sweet Caroline (blueberry bagel, cream cheese and cinnamon & sugar) delish and a good 1st timer bagel- but I still get it all the time!  I have since tried various sandwich bagels and have never been disappointed, they will let you add or remove items to your liking with no problem.When my husband found out that there was an Owen's in Charlotte he was excited, being a Miami of Ohio alum he ate there all the time in college-I can't say anything about the coffee, because I don't drink it- but I'm sure if you aren't happy with the temp, you can ask them for some fresh coffee and they would be happy to accommodateWe frequent Owen's a lot and love it every time!
4	For my fellow Jews out there who have been hard pressed on finding a good ol' bagel and lox and some Dr. Browns soda in Charlotte, Owens may just do it for you. Having just moved from Boca Raton, FL, where aside from New York is the land of the Jewish Deli, I've been yearning to find the equivalent here in Charlotte. Not realizing that outside of my Jewish Deli bubble it was going to be very hard to satisfy my craving, I finally stumbled upon Owens and I am blissfully satisfied.   I wish i would have asked her name but a very sweet woman told me all about the place after I told her that it was my first time there and so I ordered my onion bagel with lox(nova)cream cheese onion and tomato. I was verrrry happy to finally find a place that resembled something like home.   It's a very unique looking little place. Hand drawn menus hanging up, that are very funny and writings all over the wall which is pretty darn cool. They have some organic options as well as supporting local vendors which is AWESOME! So if you haven't tried it yet, Just do it!! I will be coming back when I have my bagel and lox cravings (which happens often).
4	Their bagels sandwiches are SO good! A bit pricey though.
3	I love the food here, but service is truly awful. I came in today for a late lunch (1:30) and immediately noticed two ladies smoking right outside the door. At a bar? fine. At a dining establishment? Not acceptable. I walked in and realized that the two women smoking were the employees. One should be at least inside waiting for customers and the smoking should be done away from the front entrance. Anyway I went with one of their turkey sandwiches and asked to add tomato and veggie cream cheese and that my bagel be toasted. I realize this was a special order however, considering I was the only customer  it shouldn't have been that difficult to get right.I also tried to be friendly and chat - and in response received not a smile, nothing. Not sure if it was just a bad day for them, but I couldn't help but feel as though they were irritated that I interrupted their smoke break.  I got all the way to work only to realize my bagel wasn't toasted...which as a New York native is a big no-no . It still tasted good, but I always toast my bagels even at home so I was really disappointed. Considering they have gotten my order wrong more times than not, I may have to try poppy's in order to get my bagel fix. This makes me sad since Owen's has such a cool vibe and pretty darn good bagels.
3	It was just ok. Clearly workers didn't want to be there at 9am on Sunday. Very funky.  Tons of toys for little kids which would be nice if I had em. Got ET bagel with cream cheese. Not impressed.
4	Great bagel sandwiches for great prices.  They have funny names for all of their specials.  The Tanya Harding is yummy.
5	Forget your chains like Bruegger's or Einsteins.  Take advantage of Owen's Bagel & Deli.  Their bagels are far more NY authentic and less commercial quality.  They toast, they steam, and they have a menu that can't be beat.  I tend to drop in once a week at breakfast.  Not a great coffee selection but it's also not a coffeehouse so I can't base the review on that.  I tend to grab an Everything w Cream Cheese, a Breakfast Bagel, the Hangover Helper, or Mary's Grubby Bubby (pictured : Egg, Muenster, Smoked Cheddar, Avacado, Tomato on a Bialy).  Grubby Bubby is so so good and fresh.  All fantastic.  Best in Charlotte.
5	This was my go-to breakfast / bagel place in Charlotte. The first time one of my friends brought me here, I was pretty skeptical based on the exterior, but once I tried the Grubby Bubby I was hooked. I almost always got the Grubby Bubby with veggie cream cheese and it always hit the spot. I had never had a bagel steamed before Owen's and now I wish I could steam every bagel I eat. Lunch sandwiches are also good here; I always tried to pick a random one from the string of construction-paper sandwiches hung above the counter.
1	Owen's Bagel & Deli has committed war crimes against my taste buds.  These are the worst bagels I've ever had that weren't purchased from a supermarket or a dirty food truck.  I took two bites and threw out my very expensive breakfast.Ignore the other reviews for Owen's.  It's clear that these people have no idea what a bagel is supposed to taste like.  This place is a joke.  Let's get specific:#1)  Flavor:  there isn't any.  These things have all the excitement of wonder bread.#2)  Texture:  Mush.   Bagel's are supposed to be soft, dense and chewy on the inside with a crispy but yielding skin on the outside.   At Owen's you get a steamed pile of mushy goo.  Yes, STEAMED... more on that in a moment.#3)  Toppings:  As any true New Yorker would do, I ordered my bagel with cream cheese a lox (that's smoked salmon for you North Carolina natives).  The fish they served me smelled really bad- not fresh at all... but what can you expect from an establishment that prides itself on Boar's Head meats?  Sidenote: Boar's Head is the Hunt's ketchup of deli meats- an inferior product that somehow maintains astonishing market share, despite offending anyone with taste buds.Okay, so back to the part where they STEAMED my bagel:  I had asked for a TOASTED onion bagel, because that's the proper way to warm a bagel.  The moron behind the counter nodded dumbly and didn't mention that apparently Owen's doesn't OWN A TOASTER!   Instead, without informing me, she STEAMS my bagel, turning it instantly into soft, gooey mess, without even a hint of the crispy crust that the bagel may have started with.  If any heating method is the exact opposite of toasting a bagel, it's STEAMING a bagel.  It's like steaming a pizza or a hamburger... you just don't do it. If I could give Owen's Bagel's a rating with negative stars, that's what I'd be doing right now. After throwing out the worst bagel ever from Owen's, I drove a few minutes away to Bruegger's.   Sure, Bruegger's in a boring chain, but they at least know how to make a bagel that doesn't suck, and they understand how to work a toaster.  Also their smoked salmon was fresh.  I never thought I'd recommend them over an independently owned Bagel shop, but in this case, I have to.
4	Great breakfast bagel and amazing atomosphere will be back to to try again soon.
5	I LOVE OWEN'S BAGEL! They have the best bagels in town. My favorite lunch bagel is the Tonya Harding. The best thing about their bagels is they are steamed before serving. Make anything a combo at lunch with chips & drink. A very ecclectic dining room with mix matched chairs & tables with customer's graffiti on the wall.
5	Try your bagel steamed. Love the atmosphere.
4	I think Owens is probably my favorite bagel place in Charlotte.  I had read the positive reviews for weeks before I actually tried the place out.  I'm a huge bagel fan, but had only had them toasted.  A steamed bagel sounded gross to me.  But, I finally tried it and instantly became a big fan.  It has now become my go-to breakfast place. With that being said, despite what a previous reviewer said, they do have a toaster and will toast your bagel, but I would challenge you to try it steamed.  Very good and a different atmosphere than your chain bagel shops.  The snicker doodle coffee is also delicious (even though they don't have it all the time).
4	The steamed bagel sandwiches and coffee are great.  There is a ton of menu variety, but just avoid the bacon, as it is always chewy and never crisp.
5	What's not to love? Tucked inside the Pavilion in Southend, crazy art on the walls, banners, notes written in sharpie, mismatched chairs, rocking chairs, and an odd layout to boot. Needless to say, it's PERFECT. My kind of spot for a good breakfast or any time, for that matter. It's like a Common Market met a grungy record shop and then decided to focus on bagels. I just love this place. Parking can feel a bit odd since there aren't many spaces out front and it's so close to South Blvd. I'd park where ever you can find an open space. The menu is extensive with tons of crazy concoctions. There are plenty of more breakfast-style choices but tons that will appeal to the lunch bunch as well. My favorite for an anytime or good breakfast -- Mary's Grubby Bubby. Tomato, avocado, egg, and muenster. I was stoked to see they had some bialy left, too! Tried it on for size and it was amazing. I love making bialy at home and Owen's really hit the spot. Though I didn't grab a cup of coffee with my breakfast, the roaster they use out of Raleigh had bottles of cold brew in the cooler. Love trying new cold brews and loved that Owen's had this for sale. Picked up a bottle on the way out. The service is great. Homeboy was nice and took care of like 6 people after I ordered mine. That guy had some hustle, too. He then came out and took care of the entire room while everyone was eating. One man teams like that are hard to come by. My hat's off to you, my friend. Owen's is numero uno if I'm ever in Southend and craving a bagel. Next up, I'm going for something a little heartier! Can't wait to come back again. It had been too long since my first. Thanks, Owen's!
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast and weekend lunch places in Charlotte.If you haven't been before, it is is a little hard to find as it is in the interior of a tiny little strip mall.They have a delicious array of bagels as is. But what they do with those bagels makes this place noteworthy. It is not a unique concept but they seem to be the only place in Charlotte that has really taken bagel sandwiches to the next level.Offering about 50 bagel sandwich varieties plus the ability to make custom sandwiches or just have a bagel with cream cheese, there is definitely something for everyone here.You can get everything from a sausage egg and cheese bagel to a post workout peanut butter and banana sandwich to one piled high with turkey, avocado, sprouts, and cheese. They even have one to help with your hangover. ;-)While prices start at just over $2, plan on spending $4-6 for a bagel sandwich and even more if you want chips and fountain drink or coffee. But, you will always leave content and looking forward to your next visit, ready to try a different delicious combination.
1	Breakfast sandwich failI was excited to try the local privately owned bagel shop, but this place was was unbelievably unimpressive. They use pre-cooked eggs. Wtf?? Are you kidding me? I would go to dunkin if I wanted to eat a rubbery pre-cooked egg square. Local shops are supposed to be better than chains, right? How hard is it to cook an egg? Also, the coffee is served in styrofoam cups, and the steamed bagels have a cheap hotel breakfast consistency. It looks like I'll just have to go to the chain places as long as I'm in Charlotte.
4	So happy I found this little gem. If you are the least bit hungover, these bagel sandwiches will literally save you. Very casual atmoshere- one thing to note, they steam their bagels (no toasting)...When I first learned this I was weary but they are delicious! Oh and the bagels come straight from NY. Try and get there on the early side because they run out of the good bagels (everything) quick on weekends. This has shattered my world on many occasions.
4	I love Owen's bagels. Interesting and creative bagel sandwiches on top of really yummy bagels. Sure, they have "plain" but who wants a plain bagel when you can have onion or garlic or everything?It was a late start on Sunday for us, landing at Owen's at 1:30 in the afternoon. A little sad to see that they had already run out of coffee, but we were satisfied to find a Dr. Brown's cream soda in the fridge.Excellent salmon on a bagel with capers for Mrs. K. A lovely bagel with egg and cheese and ham for me. Delish. Just sad about the coffee.
5	OWen's is my go-to place for lunch. For less than $10 you can get a great sandwich, chips and a drink. They have a large selection of sandwich choices, so you are likely to get exactly what you want. I read the other reviews and would like to note that THEY HAVE A TOASTER YES! Their policy is to steam everything, so you have to be clear if you do not want that. My fave is their wraps. A bagel all the time is a lot of calories and they have all the veggies i want for a delish wrap. I also recently tried their potato salad and LOVE IT! Compared to the other options in the neighborhood, this is the most affordable, locally owned, healthy option available. And they are always open to making me whatever I am in the mood for that day. Great staff! See you soon :)My top menu choices:Their Lox sandwich is AWESOME (they add cucumbers yum)Dilworth (cream cheese and veggies)WRAPS!! (they will put anything they have)They also carry tea CHEERWINE Diet Dr.Pepper and keep hot sauce behind the counter. All this place needs is more business!
5	Great tucked away bagel place. Huge menu, but well categorized so you can find what you'd like quickly.Friendly Staff, Fun Atmosphere. Highly recommended if you are in the mood for a bagel. Hidden parking around back if you can't find a spot upfront.
5	My "new" husband and I went to Owen's for brunch the day after our wedding. I absolutely loved my bagel and got a few bites of Joe's that were fantastic as well. I love the location, the staff, the funky decorations, and the music they play in the joint. It is definitely worth giving a try... from this point forward I will drive past the major bagel chain on South Blvd. that I've been known to frequent to support this awesomely delicious local restaurant!
5	I've been to Owen's Bagels & Deli twice and have really enjoyed both experiences.  The place is no frills, write on the walls and at the end of a small plaza in the South End neighborhood. The bagel sandwiches that I've had were really good.  The staff is friendly and make the sandwiches delivered promptly.  I enjoyed the coffee that is brewed there too.  The sandwiches are larger than the bagels.  I'd like to see the bagels be larger but I'm happy with my experiences.I'll definitely be back to Owen's.
4	I have always been a fan of Owen's and I would have given them a five years ago, but after a few recent visits, I have to say the quality is good however there is a lack of consistency between the cooks. I typically call-in my order, which is great, but today I wasn't sure what I wanted so I went in. I ordered the Mr. Turkey, turkey, provolone, lettuce & tomato. I added onions, yeah! Upon opening my foil wrap I was sad to see lettuce, tomato, cheese & 1 slice of turkey..very disappointing. It was still good, but I missed my meat.I will definately be back, but hope the consistency improves.
4	I have become a huge Owen's fan. This funky little spot hidden from the street inside the Pavilion in the South End is worth finding. It has amazing character, with its off beat decor and sharpie decorated tables. But the real reason I visit Owen's is for the bagels. We transplanted New Yorkers are at a loss for real bagels - most of CLT is dominated by bagel chains that serve soft, doughy round rolls and call them bagels. Owen's has the real deal - dense, chewy, with real bite. I have become addicted to a cream cheese I'd never have tasted prior to my CLT move. Bacon, ranch, scallion cream cheese - salty, tangy, tasty, perfect on a toasted sesame bagel. Owen's also offers sandwiches and fun, creative options for bagel based food. Try it. You won't be sorry!
4	Very good.  The owner/workers clearly have a passion for food.  Parking and finding the doorway are slightly confusing, but no biggie.  Had a lox bagel w/ capers.  Prices were just a little high for what it was, but I'll go back and support this place.
5	My original plan was to go to Einstein Bagel.  After circling the parking lot a couple of times and getting a spot snagged from me twice, I remembered seeing a place called Owen's just slightly further down South Blvd.  There was plenty of parking around back and I was immediately in a better mood.  I absolutely loved the vibe in there (not to mention I was almost lured in to Polished to get my nails and toes DID). There was SO much to pick from on the menu and I was borderlining *hangry* so I figured I'd stick to something quick and easy and ordered a ham, egg and cheese and grabbed an OJ.  While waiting for my food (which wasn't long) I walked through the shop reading all of the fun things that customer's have written on the walls. It took me right down memory lane since as a child my Mom allowed my friends and I to use one room in my wall as a drawing board (crazy, right?)The staff was nice, service quick and once I got home and inhaled my ham, egg and cheese I considered going back for another.  I will definitely be returning soon!
5	Went to Owens on Saturday to grab a quick breakfast before heading out of town. I have been to Owens many times over the years. Recently, I quit going for a while, because everytime I went, my bagel would be super soggy and greasy.Saturday, we decided to give it another shot, in the hopes that Owens had gotten their stuff together.....they had! I ordered the Hangover Helper on wheat (egg, cheese, ham and comes with a drink..........named appropriately!). It came out the perfect mix between steamed and toasted with tons of ham. So delish! Will definitely be returning soon.There was a pretty good line when we left. There are only a few people working but they seemed to be getting through people fairly quickly.
4	Living in South End, there aren't very many breakfast spots that have bagel sandwiches. This is something I miss the most about living up north. Anyway, I have to say, Owen's is now my new bagel joint! Their menu is ridiculous... so many options to choose from.... but I settled for the standard breakfast bagel with bacon, egg and cheddar (adding my own twist of spinach cream cheese). All these toppings on an everything bagel... and my life was made! Only thing I would change... toast my bagel, please. They don't toast the bagels but that makes Owen's unique, I guess. No crunch in my bagel... but it was still super delish!
5	Awesome atmosphere, great music and the writing everyone makes you feel welcome. Even though they closed at 2 on July 4th they still made a bagel after 2. First visit and definitely not the last.
5	If you're going to get a bagel, seek no further. After being introduced a few months ago to Owen's Bagels, I've been an avid repeat customer. It has a relaxed vibe, with graffiti all over the brightly colored walls, and "thank you" notes from locals schools.I love the menu. It offers a huge variety from vegetarian to crazy bagel breakfast sandwich options. Coming from NYC, I sought out a good bagelry for those Sunday or hangover mornings and I need to seek no further. Try the Lottery Bagel...it's the staff's choice combination of a sandwich. I guarantee you'll never be disappointed.
4	Amazing. A must. I really can't emphasize this enough. YOU MUST GO TO OWEN'S! Your bagel experience will never be the same. Their steamed bagels - breakfast or sandwich style - are made to order however your heart desires, and they are a scientifically proven cure for hangovers. Fact. Personal fave: egg, provolone, turkey, and tomato - panini grilled to finish - on wheat bagel. Mmmmmm
3	I like supporting a local business and this is a good one. My go to here is a bacon egg and cheese on a plain. It takes a few minutes to prepare it which is fine. It is extremely soft and gooey and tasty after steeping it. It's really good but also over $5 just for the sandwich which pulled the rating down a star.
5	Great sandwiches and great service.  My wife and I had a great experience here this weekend.  The sandwiches were full of flavor.  Will definitely be back.
4	This is not a place I probably would have stopped at had I not bought a living social voucher. So glad I did, love the casual atmosphere and the food was great. The giant peanut butter cup cookie I bought was to die for!
4	Had the basic breakfast bagel (sausage, egg and cheese... pepper jack, specifically) and it was ze bomb! Their sausage is an actual one cut thinly into perfection. It doesn't make you question the contents. I will have to keep coming back to try the other gazillion things on the menu- so many options that I had to go basic.
4	Having a neighborhood go-to breakfast/deli is a must and I think this place just be some my go-to.I have lived in this city for 9 months now and cannot believe it took that long to discover this gem. Owens is tucked away inside the pavilion in south end with somewhat limited parking options. The inside is very casually. Writing, scribbles, graffiti, hieroglyphics, and artwork adorns the walls along with stickers, college pendants, and signs with what I imagine to be regular customer's special orders.The bagels are all fresh daily and the steam the sandwiches. I highly recommend the bialy. They are small but unique, flavorful and delicious.The menu is humongous...overwhelming really. In addition to that, their are individually created variations mounted above the deli counter. It's usually busy and I always find myself rushing to figure out what I want. My first visit I was hurried into ordering and settled on the Mary's grubby bubbly. It was on the small size because of the bagel, but superb.On the second visit I had a custom creation of sprouts, bacon, mayo, provolone, lettuce, and avocado on an everything bagel and was equally impressed.I am so incredibly excited to have found this place and am sure I will be back very soon!
5	This is one of my favorite bagel places in Charlotte. New Yorkers- shut up. I know it isn't as good as a NY bagel. But it is delicious. The place is quirky. People write silly quotes on the wall. You see a lot of teenagers here (I get it- this would totally be my hangout if I were a teen). You can smell the nail polish for Polished- which is next door to them (that is gross)The Bialy bagel is SO YUMMY. The menu is really overwhelming. There are plenty of vegetarian options. This place makes me happy.
4	Love Owen's Bagels.Have only been here a limited number of times, why? How dare I deprive myself of deliciousness?This time I got the Reuben bagel, pretty good but I was overcome with jealousy when my fiance asked for the workers to surprise him..Ashley (Owen's employee) made what she calls "A nice piece of Ash" her signature bagel, IT WAS AMAZING!Thick slices of meat and bacon, sprouts and some other ingredients that made me super jelly!I will be back and hope Ashley will be there so I can get a piece of that!
5	Owens, I love you. I love your delicious bagels. I love all of your options. I love your staff, coffee, and coffee cake. Now for the bagel options. Booty bagel, you delicious peanut butter, honey, banana, thing, you - why are you so good? I literally have this bagel (and another for my real order) every single time I go. Do yourself a favor, try it. After that I always make so makeshift bagel or choose from their many options. You literally cannot go wrong. Also, try their coffee cake - yum! Not only are the bagels delicious but Owens is just fun to walk into. There is writing all over the walls and it just can't help but make you smile. If you're looking for a quick, delicious breakfast, look no further than Owens. Walk on hungry, walk out with a smile.
2	Wish I could echo everyone else's positive experience, but it was just OK for us.  Maybe they were having an off day, but everything seemed kind of bland.  The bagels, the cream cheese, the butter, even the coffee.  We were there in the morning and the bagels didn't taste very fresh.  Also not a huge fan of the way they sell their coffee- $2.50 for a giant cup + free refills.  I drink a small cup of coffee and would prefer to just pay for that.  It's also hard to ignore the strong smell coming from the nail place even when the nail place is closed.  Don't think I've met a bagel (from a bagel shop) that I didn't like, but today threw most of one away.
4	A great little find. Magic bagel sandwiches.This little deli spot is located inside a space with other businesses and is funky and fresh! They have all these cool bagel sandwiches with names like The Tonya Harding and the Federline!  They do this steaming thing that seems to make the sandwiches magical. I really liked the Southend - yummy little cucumber salad too - lots of seating in a very artsy/picnic style space.Casual, quick, affordable lunch spot.
5	Owens it just so ridiculously good. It's my weekly indulgence , bacon egg & cheddar on wheat. If I don't have it, I can feel the shakes start. Everyone who works there- including the owner- are so friendly and always take a few minutes to say hello and check in. I love owens !!
5	A good example of picking something and doing it well. In this case, bagel sandwiches.for breakfast and lunch. The bagels are fresh and the deli meats/cheeses are good quality. Tucked within a nondescript strip mall on south boulevard, you've driven past it a thousand times, but it's worth a stop.
5	I went here for the first time yesterday and I will definitely be back.  I had the Mary's Grubby Bubby and it was awesome...melty cheese, avocado, egg, yum!  Better than the food is the service.  I had gotten the wrong bagel and got home to realize that I had...I went back and the owner herself (Ashley) refunded my money and got me the correct sandwich in no time!  If you're a sucker for hot bagel sandwiches, you must try it.  You won't be disappointed!
3	Good bagels, but wish they would toast them better. Not sure if that's they're technique but a soggy bagel is never great in my book. Was ecstatic when we learnt we had a bagel spot in our neighborhood, but these bagels pale in comparison to spots in other big cities. Staff were very nice and the place had great service. Just wish the bagels were a little better.
2	Two stars as a vegetarian, because they are very sloppy in their meal preparation. I've ordered a veggie bagel sandwich and received a bit of bacon stuck to the side- more than once! Will no longer be patronizing this establishment, as apparently they don't care if they make people sick!
4	Love the bagels here - einsteinium could learn a thing or two from this local down to earth place. There's no frills and that's why I like it - come in get a bagel and a coffee, eat it and go. That's what it's all about. Very we'll done
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! My husband and I discovered it about two months ago and we have gone at least once a week since! Delicious steamed bagel sandwiches all day long, fast and well priced! Winning!!!
5	Good eats and good peeps! The Reuben was awesome and the service was great. Better than the big chain bagel places for sure!
5	love this bagel spot.
5	Awesome and creative bagels! Not your ordinary deli place. There is a large selection of menu items to pick from. The staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.
4	Boyfriend and I love this place. I'm vegan and he is a omnivore and we both leave happy... Awesome service every time.
1	As a admitted bagel-snob, I seriously don't understand the hype about this place. Definitely not a New York-quality bagel if you're looking for that, and not as cheap as it should be. The fillings aren't bad, but the bagels are just plain bad. They're not dense and don't crunch on the bottom like a true bagel should. I actually went twice because I wanted to give them a second chance and see if maybe I just went on a bad day. The second time was just as bad. Not worth the trip or the money.
5	Hot damn, this was the best bagel sandwich I've ever had. So I used to work at Bruegger's as a teen, and those are some good bagels: boiled up then baked for a crunchy outside and a nice chewy center. (I know it's a regional debate, but this is how bagels should be.)  I've eaten every kind of sandwich there is; my favorite is roast beef with jalapeno cream cheese loaded up with veggies, on a warm Everything bagel. I digress. My point is, I now have a new favorite: I got the Hangover (Ham, Egg & Smoked Cheddar) on an Everything bagel. Wow. I wanted everything on the menu (check it out, it's huge) but I had to pick one.So they steam the bagels after the sandwich is all put together. Or maybe before? Who knows. What I do know is that it makes the bagel slightly soft. Now, I wouldn't think I would be into that, but as it turns out I LOVE IT. A regular bagel, even when freshly baked, has a stiffness to it that when you bite into it, causes all the fillings to smoosh and shoot out the other side (which means you have to eat it like a taco and keep taking bites from different ends). This is not the case with a steamed bagel sandwich! The bagel is just soft enough to give so that everything stays in place resulting in a PERFECT PROPORTION OF BAGEL TO FILLING. Genius.So I don't live in Charlotte, sh*t!! Wanna franchise in Austin!? For now, I'll have to make a point to stop by every single time I visit. (By marrying my boyfriend I've guaranteed this can occur at least once a year. Yup, that was in the PRO column when I decided to marry him. Granted he did ask me only a few hours after we ate at Owen's. In fact, he later told me, when we were in line, he asked the Magic 8 Ball on the counter if he should pop the question. The answer: "Without a doubt." Thanks, Owen's Magic 8 Ball :-)My point? Go there. Get your bagel on. Oh, the staff is friendly, it's reasonably priced (if not cheap!!) and the  place is super  cute. Bring a Sharpie so you can leave your mark!
