5	Opened up by the former head chef of Sushi Roku @ Caesars, Chef Kiichi is introducing a whole new Japanese niche of food to LV. My wife and I have done many an omakase at Sushi Roku with Kiichi creating so many amazing dishes so we were positive his very own restaurant would be a smash.   I lived in Japan for 2 years and the atmosphere here is definitely one of the top 2 "feels like I'm in Japan" places in LV with Ichiza being the other. All the dishes you would expect from a kissaten are here so we dug in.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KissatenWe started by splitting the chef salad which came with a great dressing along with a complimentary side of macaroni gratin. The gratin was so tasty! It was like one the best mac and cheeses I've ever had. We were actually scraping the burnt cheese parts on the side of the bowl. Entrees were the hamburger steak and tororin omelet (see pics). Both were excellent with a couple of twists to the dishes I hadn't had before. The hamburger steak was mixed with rice instead of bread crumbs and still worked awesome. The ketchup on the omrice wasn't your typical bottled stuff and complimented the fluffiness of the eggs and the oh so good chicken fried rice. Dinner was a little late for us so we didn't have a chance to try the pudding or chocolate parfait desserts since they were out by the time we were done. Just another great excuse to come back! I'm not a coffee drinker but this is a must go place if you are. Siphon coffee is this whole crazy process of coffee thing I'm unable to explain but you got to check it out. My wife was able to try the hot and iced and loved them both. There's quite different flavor to each of them. The chef mentioned he's getting a full liquor license which will open up a whole new bunch of menu options including serving dishes that go better with alcohol.  This place is going to get even better in the future!  Good lord..how long is the wait going to be for a table here in 6 months??  I cringe.  We better go back asap.
5	What a lovely find!  This was our first kissaten experience and we were encouraged to check it out by our friends in Japan who were curious to see how it was translated here.  Even though I've never been to Japan and experienced one, we enjoyed our inaugural visit. We over-ordered (as usual) so we could cover more ground on our first visit -- had the chef salad (love the pepper dressing!), the omelet with chicken fried rice, their hamburg steak - Japanese style with daikon and shiso, and curried chicken. Our favorite was the hamburg steak.  It came with a side of potatoes, as well -- and a side salad with onion dressing.  I'm really looking forward to going back again for this dish - they served it differently as a special - with a panko coating that sounded great, too -- as well as with a demi-glace gravy.  But the Japanese version made it feel less hamburg-ery...if that makes sense.  We also had their "pudding of the day" which was a wonderful creme caramel - perfect in texture, flavor, presentation.  Their siphoned coffee was fun to watch.  We sat at the counter - it does take a few minutes so be patient.  I actually wish we'd waited to have it with our dessert.  Served with French sugar cubes, both brown and white, and real cream, this is singularly the best cup of coffee, I've ever tasted.  We missed meeting the chef, but his wife was lovely and waited on us...making our coffee and taking our order.  We were enchanted with her...and look forward to returning...They're open from noon to midnight weekdays - and on Fridays and Saturdays opened til 2...closed Sundays.  Similar menus, but priced a bit lower for lunch until 3...Sandwiches coming onto the menu at lunch this week -- we were told to by our Japanese friends to look for their "mixed" sandwich - which is a traditional kissaten specialty -- egg salad, with ham and cucumber...which I could make myself, but much rather have someone else make for me -- what a treat.Please support this lovely couple... a great addition to the Vegas valley!
4	Nice cozy restaurant on Spring Mountain Rd, a little west of the old SF market but before Lindell.  It took over the same location from 2010 Fusion Restaurant.Cafe de Japon is a very Nippon atmosphere, just like Philip T mentioned in his review.  Perhaps because the ladies working in the front are both Japanese, the outfits they wore, and even how the dishes are presented and served all reminded me of my previous visits to Tokyo. It reminds me of those small mom-and-pop type restaurants, that you randomly find wandering around the "suburbs" of Tokyo just a few blocks from the subway stations, serving up their menu of specialties.  Its only missing the salary men and the office ladies with their elegant heelsThe simple menu here is very close to what I would want to serve if I did open up my own small restaurant... curries, katsu, and other traditional Japanese comfort food/family staples. So I am glad an established chef had similar idea and implement it.Anyway, I had a half order of the Chef's Salad, which was simple but delicious. The creamy salad dressing had a nice peppery taste.  I also ordered the Hayashi Rice (beef and onion stew with a rich demi-glace and tomato sauce taste, which is a popular "Western-style" dish served in Japan).  This particular version does not have mushrooms, which would make it that much more awesome, but is still very good.I passed on the siphon coffee, even thought I was eyeing them wrapping the individual glasses up to put in the walk-in cooler.  I blame Joe Biden's visit to City Center tomorrow, for having to be at work extra early at 1am, so the secret service details can perform their security protocols.The pudding of the day also looks good.  And they have a Yuzu soda that sounds interesting.Definitely have to come back to try more!Note: no refills on the beverages, except iced water.  And the are closed on Sundays.  Be sure to check out their specials of the days too.Food:  4/5  Good flavor, sensible portions, nice traditional presentations.Price:  3/5  Will not break the bank, but thought it was priced higher than expected for this type of food (relative to LA's JTown, Gardena & Torrance - all significant Japanese American population centers in SoCal)Location:  5/5  On Spring Mountain (between Decatur and Lindell), so fairly centrally located for most.Ambiance:  4.5/5  Nice elegant feel, love the marbled countertop seats and the selection of JPOP.Parking:  5/5 Never had problem finding parking here, and they have spaces reserved for their guests right outside their door. 4 sexy Yelp stars!
4	While awaiting for my car to be repaired down the street, I decided to do a quick stroll around the block for a cup of coffee.  To my delight, I felt like I stumbled onto a set for a Korean/Japanese drama when I entered this dimly lit oasis of coffee/Japanese diner heaven.  The first thing that catches your eye are the funky beakers lining the bar which have coffee boiling or funneling their way in various directions that seem to defy the laws of physics.  This is an old school technique of brewing coffee called siphon coffee, which fell out of favor in the 60's but like it's fashion, was destined for a comeback.  Pushing up my metaphorical glasses a little higher, the process essentially involves expansion and contraction of water vapour which allow full saturation brewing at ideal temperatures on top of a cushion of air that seemingly defies gravity.  The end result is a pristine cup of coffee that is fragrant, aromatic, and clean on the palate.  I enjoyed both the hot and cold forms equally and I appreciated the considerate touch of being presented with a vial of honey to go along with the iced form for better incorporation of sweetness.  The savory dishes (served with a simple house salad) all seemed like more sophisticated renditions of Western diner food ranging from the Neopolitan (Japanese spaghetti) to the hamburg steak with daikon and shiso (Japanese salisbury steak).  At the recommendation of the very gracious hostess, she suggested I get the Hayashi rice, or Japanese beef stew over rice.  Consisting of tender shredded beef, mushrooms, and onions likely slow cooked in a demi glace sauce, it reminded me of a cross between beef bourguignon and beef stroganoff: nice buttery richness with notes of red wine and sweetness from the caramelized onions.   Nice stick to your ribs comfort food that makes you forget you are eating out.    The desserts unfortunately did not seem all that impressive, with an assortment of puddings and a "coffee jelly".  I tried a special green tea spongecake with taro cream and vanilla bean ice cream which sounded great conceptually, but didn't necessarily blow my mind and came in at a steep 7 dollars.  In general, portions are adequate and the prices are slightly higher than what you would expect for a quick lunch (coffee is $5 and entrees are $8-9)  but the staff is very attentive to their customers from the moment you walk in to the time you leave,  and watching the chef add his little touches to the dishes behind the counter, you can really sense the pride in his work so I am willing to pitch in a little extra to help push this unique concept forward.
4	I'm not sure what kissaten means in Japanese, but I'm pretty sure it means comfort food. I've never been to Japan, but I'm guessing that this is what Japanese people would crave if they were fighting a cold or getting over a bad day at work.I believe the restaurant's new. The signage isn't up yet and the restaurant seems incomplete when you walk in. There weren't many customers there which is usually a big warning for people walking in the door. The menu seems extremely limited and slightly pricey. At this point you may be considering other choices. Don't. Stay. Sit awhile. Try something new. Besides, you've probably already had Ichiza twice this week.There's this weird ketchup fetish often observed in some asian cultures. I've seen Filipinos put ketchup on scrambled eggs. I have Chinese relatives that smother ketchup on a $65 cut of meat at a fancy steak house (yes, it's a cardinal sin). I tend to avoid putting ketchup on anything other than french fries and hamburgers so I was skeptical when I saw the fried rice with egg and ketchup on Cafe de Japan's menu. It's surprisingly good. Of all the fried rice with eggs and ketchup dishes I've had, this was definitely the tastiest.The beef stew on rice isn't much to look at. It looks like they took a can of Chunky soup, scooped it out, and put it next to some white rice. But your first bite will be quickly followed by a second... then a third... then a fourth. It's gone before you realized what happened. And I think that's the definition of comfort food. It's something you eat while you lose yourself in your thoughts. Reflect on your day. Had a rough afternoon? Have some of the hamburger steak and sip on some amazing Columbian coffee.I'm torn between 4 stars and 5 stars. Comfort food should be inexpensive, but Cafe de Japon is definitely on the pricey side. Dinner entree's start at $10 and portions are small (for American palettes). If it were just a few dollars cheaper per entree, I'd probably make this a weekly visit.
2	Again I am listening to my fellow Yelpers and trusting their opinions on food.  Maybe my taste buds are not so developed.   You can tell where I am going with this right?  The food here was just okay.  It didn't "wow" me.  I'm looking for a place to "wow" my taste buds.  I had what everyone recommended- the omelet with chicken fried rice and my hubby had the Japanese Hamburg.  The omelet wasn't that special and the fried rice was not tasty enough.  If I can make tastier fried rice at home, why am I paying $13 for this dish?  It had no flavor.  A bit more seasonings please... the cost of food has gone up but soy sauce is still pretty cheap.  As for the Hamburg, the first bite is very good but the sauce became too sour after a first few bites.  I'm not into sour hamburger patties.  I am giving this place 2 stars because the place is well decorated and very comfortable inside and the ketchup on my omelet was that best thing I ate that night.  That ketchup was special but too bad the rest of the food lacked it.
3	The rating should be $$$ for prices.Went there because I get eblasts from Raku (Chef Owner Mitsuo Endo) and recommended his fellow carpenter friends' place: Cafe de Japon. It just opened so when we were there, there was a small crowd and at one point my family were the only customers. OK, the Hamberg Japanese style was tasty, I especially enjoyed it. Had two patties, potatoes and carrots. Good flavor, with daikon, so every bite seemed to make you more hungry if that makes sense. It doesn't come with rice, so that was $3 extra for a small dish (yea it came in a dish, not a bowl...very weird...and the fact that rice is extra, wow). This was $13 so my meal was $16. Wait...there's more...I also got the yuzu juice (citrus fruit) which was good but was $5. It came is a medium sized glass with lots of ice and on the bottom of the menu, it reads, no refills except for iced tea. Two sips and my drink was half full...crazy. That's $21 then.My family had the Hamberg demiglaze with egg (a special it was okay at $13), the Hayashi rice (beef stew like, it was good $9), and my wife had the curry (at $9 I think). The curry was disappointing...the spice was great but something about it didn't taste right...maybe we're just used to Curry House's (L.A.) flavor, or even Ichiza's? It just seemed muddled. We also got the crab pasta croquette which came with two pieces of shrimp (nothing to write home about, just fried food). For desert, we had the chocolate strawberry parfait ($8) and the coffee jello (can't remember, about $5-6) and then wanted to try the siphon coffee ($5). The deserts weren't special enough to really ask for those prices. Ichiza serves more unique Japanese deserts like their honey toast and that's worth it. As for the coffee? It was very good. We thought that they were going to bring the siphon over to the table and make it there but they just plopped over a cup...think they could've gained more points with presentation if they did that. UCC Coffee in L.A. comes to mind, tasted like it was blue mountain beans. So. Was it worth it? The food was good but IT WAS VERY EXPENSIVE for what it was. Our bill was $97. I know we ordered a lot but that should've been about half the cost. Touting as a cafe, which is suppose to be casual, the prices are really meant for higher end Japanese joints. For example, like Raku. I can only imagine the owners of Japon were highly influenced by Raku's owner, since they are friends, but they are not in the same caliber. I'm not saying the food isn't good, but to ask for these prices at what's offered? I would rather go to Ichiza on Spring Mountain or Kyara at Jones. It's too bad, I'd go often for the coffee if it wasn't so expensive. To be fair, they are new so maybe they're just testing out their structure still. If you're listening, the prices should be about $2-3 less for each item (this is includes the DRINK MENU!!!). I think more people will flock if that was the case.
5	Simple food done very well.. For some reason I was expecting a larger menu and variety. Instead they have a limited selection that is well crafted. So far most people have praised the hamburg steak, hayashi rice, chef's salad, and tororin omelet, so I tried something different. The garlic beef ($9.99) was impressive. Thinly sliced beef is marinaded in a soy sauce base, sauteed with onions and garlic until it is tender, then plated with a large helping of grated cabbage. It comes with a salad to start and a plate of rice with the meal. I had to leave before the food arrived to take an important call and was gone for 25 minutes. When I came back, the food was still warm. The waitress was worried that it had gone cold, but it must have been scolding when it first came out, because it retained it's temperature well. The serving size was plentiful and my friend had been helping herself. I came back too late to try her vegetable curry ($6.99). She must have enjoyed it, because there was not even a bite left for me. I am beginning to think that you can close your eyes, choose, and end up with a delicious meal.Being outside for so long, I chugged down my water. Our waitress must have refilled it eight times. Cafe de Japon employees are attentive, quick, and friendly.
4	Stopped by this new spot based on a referral from a friend, did not dissapoint!  This place is in the same plaza as Cathay House on Spring Mountain, used to be a korean restaurant that didn't do to well apparently.  Being new they still have half of the restaurant closed off as the owner (former sushi chef from Sushi Roku) informed us he is making a "Paris" themed area and possible karaoke, fun!I went there for lunch, ordered the special which was home made hamburger steak with a stew gravy and fried egg, a side of scalloped potatoes  and they also gave me a side of white rice.  The dish was served sizzling in a skillet and it was delicious.  Hamburger steak cooked perfectly, nice and juicy...stew gravy made me want to try the stew as a complete dish, and the fried egg on top...YUM.  The coffees they serve are brewed in a few different ways, depending on what you like.  They have a way of slowly brewing their coffee (which apparently takes about 5 hours) so that there is no acidity.  Ask for their coffee menu and inquire about the options.Service was pleasant and they were very attentive, never having to wait for anything.I will be back for the curry, which is cooked without water (?) and made fresh daily.  I can't wait to see this place finished completely, may be one of my regular places to visit, especially with their flexible schedule....Mon-Thurs 12p-12a, Fri-Sat 12p-2a!!!!!   Awesome for late night eats!!!
4	My new favorite place!! GREAT desserts, drip coffee, and really good eats... such as: homemade Japanese curry, beef bowl, and fresh salads.
5	Food: This is such a refreshing change from Americanized Japanese food. The hamburg steak is more vinegary than usual, and I liked it a lot. My other favorite is the ginger pork, which was served as glazed pork chops with a shredded lettuce salad. The glaze was delicious and the pork was nice and tender. Also, it's the only place I know of that serves Japanese-style parfait (not the yogurt kind). It had ice cream, Pocky, cookies, cream and corn flakes at the bottom.Service: Friendly and attentive. One time, the chef decided to attend to our table personally. He's a nice guy :)Ambience: Clean and cozy. The chef likes to play slow, soothing Japanese music late at night, which I don't like because it puts me to sleep.
5	Wonderful Japanese style comfort food! The desserts are always amazing, and freshly made by Chef Kiichi. They also have siphon coffee, perfect for coffee snobs like me. :] It is a little pricey, but in my opinion well worth the price. There isn't anywhere else in Vegas like it!
5	Great place for lunch. The garlic beef, Katsu curry, and Pasta are my favs. Coffee is amazing and the desserts are nanners.. go and try it. trust me.
4	You know you're in for a treat when Superman is behind the counter in an apron.This is a cute little cafe in the same plaza as Cathay House and Rincon de Buenos Aires. When you walk in, you're greeted with the by-now-familiar "irasshaimase." We found our way to one of the tables along the outside wall, beneath the row of hand prints in plaster.Among the three of us, we shared some Karaage ($5), a plate of Vegetable Curry Rice ($6.99), and the Tororin Omelet ($9.99). I guess we're not fans of Japanese curry because we weren't very impressed with the curry rice; it was mostly heat and not very much flavor. I'm hoping this was an anomaly.On the bright side, the Karaage was extremely flavorful and the chicken was cooked perfectly tender (and piping hot on the inside). The Tororin Omelet was also extremely good. It kind of looked like a gigantic piece of tamago sushi. The omelet itself was still runny on the inside, so be forewarned if that turns you off.As for drinks, I was the only one who ordered something. Reading reviews from Christopher S and Philip T, I was intrigued by the siphon coffee and had to give it a try (after initially ordering a can of Calpico and not opening it). The brewing process looks like a chemistry set (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O85iR6k-pDHpRFwXlppdSw?select=bpdXofQNObyw5hqrmFgV1A). I'm not a coffee connoisseur by any stretch, but it was definitely worth ordering. After some cream and sugar, the flavor of the coffee was very smooth.Based on this limited experience, I'm a fan of Cafe de Japon. I think I'm just a sucker for cute places like this. The food was good and it has that family feel.
5	I have dined here a couple of times already and I was very pleased both times. They have a regular menu and a daily special menu. On my first visit I was lucky enough to show up when they had some stewed ribs on the daily special menu. Tasted just like mom's stewed ribs. Also had the Karage on the daily menu and the fried Shrimp from the regular menu. I was pleased to see Panko fried Shrimp.I would come back here just to have the Melon Soda again.
5	Ahhhh poached pear and blue cheese was something to die for. Thank you, kiichi san, we enjoed your omelette rice, mushroom pasta, tiramisu and japanese standard service! Home away from home! We will definitely come back - this time, in hurry!
2	whats the big deal..??I felt ripped off for 10 bucks for ordering the Hayashi.  It was cold- luke warm when i got my meal.  It wasn't anything special.. it just tasted like cold-luke warm beef stew.I was the first person to arrive for lunch. 2 other tables came in later. So why was my meal luke warm and why was the service so slow?I tried my friends tomato, rice, egg combination.  Really nothing fancy it just tasted like ketchup.  My other friend order the curry chicken. if you like spicy curry then you should order it, but again nothing special about.I rather spend 10 bucks else where.
4	It's a small homey Japanese style cafe restaurant. Owner used to work as head chef at Sushi Raku in Cesar Palace. One thing very special about this place is their siphon coffee. Its a must try if you are a coffee lover. Both me and my fiance quickly became a regular here ever since we found this place. We both love their beef stew, tiramisu, and banana parfait. Beef stew I ordered was really tasty, flavorful and soft. Tiramisu was more Japanese style and I could definitely taste wine in this dish which made me enjoy a lot. Mushroom pasta tasted light and fresh. Chef was very generous with variety mushrooms. I was a bit disappointed with their burger steak and tonkatsu. They were both kinda dry to me. They also offer special lunch set menu. Its $15 and comes with mini salad, entree from lunch special menu, daily desert with sipone coffee. If you want to have a nice lunch meal with friends within very reasonable price, I will definitely recommend this place.
4	This is incredible, home-style Japanese food - certainly not what you would expect. It's cozy and warm inside, and prices are affordable. The food is interesting to say the least (a fried rice stuffed omelette with ketchup on top?), but they also have some surprisingly refined options. My favorite item is the hamburger steak with mushrooms in a lush brown sauce. It's served with divine scalloped potatoes and is lick the plate good! They have these funky aromatic waters (I like the happy one that's orange flavored) that are only a $1 - how could you say no to yummy water that will make you happy for a mere $1? The tiramisu was shockingly light and good (who knew a Japanese place would serve one of the best tiramisu in Vegas?) and you can't go without trying the coffee! It's siphon-style and so smooth and delicious. Overall one of the best spots for lunch (and dinner!) in Chinatown. In a town with many Japanese joints, this place is decidedly different - in a good way!
3	after a morning workout, we were craving some food, big time.  We drove down spring mountain and checked out two Korean restaurants, neither very attractive... we drove by this place and decided that we would eat here.  The food was good, flavour are strong, we had the hamburger steak daikon with shisho, if you dont like pickled flavour with vinegar, do not pick this style!!!  I actually enjoyed it quite alot since i like daikon alot...the chicken curry is a bit spicy, but my love thought it was just right, Japanese curry redeemed itself in his eyes.  The pressured coffee maker was fun, bringing soft aroma to coffee.  They do grab groceries daily so everything is fresh here.  It has big potential to grow into a 4 star plus, but they need to definitely mature their style of cooking, presentation, and balance out the different flavors to create amazing dishes in the future.  We shall see....
3	The restaurant has a nice homey feel to it as soon as you walk in. Not sure if this place really gets busy. There was only one other table and they looked like they were studying. The menu isn't very extensive, but they have daily specials.It was my first time coming here and I didn't know what a lot of the items were, but the waiter was very helpful. We ended up ordering the karaage chicken, tororin omelet rice, and garlic green beans. My friend said the wait was a bit long, and boy he wasn't kidding. The garlic green beans came out first.. I wish they were a bit more garlicy ]: The omelet rice was decent. I liked that the tomato sauce was homemade. My favorite was the karaage chicken. Lots of flavor in little bite size pieces fried to perfection.I want to come back to try their drinks and hopefully their other specials.
3	Wanted to really like this place. It's quaint, well appointed, and I like the idea of fusion French/Italian/Japanese. Problem is the food is just so-so, but worse, it's expensive for the small portion size (I guess the French influence). Service is also just so-so, especially not being busy at all. Service was not so friendly but could be a language thing.
4	yes yes yes!!I've heard of this place from other Japanese nationals who live in Vegas and the place did not disappoint.  My wife wanted curry and she was warned that it would be spicy and it was, so I had to give away my tonkatsu and eat her curry but got to try both of them and they were both good-excellent.  I especially liked their salad dressing.....apparently it has carrots....can I buy some of that ?!They have a lot of today's special kind of stuff and although simple/traditional kissaten menu, there were a lot of other stuff I wanted to try, so I will definitely be back! I don't know what it is with Vegas in the last 6 months but there has been an explosion of REAL Japanese restaurants and I couldn't be happier.  Now all we need are Mitsuwa or Marukai.
4	Chicken Karage with Daikon dipping Sauce - YUM!!!!Chicken Tomato fried rice wrapped in a scrambled egg and topped with a homemade chunky tomato sauce - YUM!!!!Side Salad with a Sour Citrus Dressing- YUM!!!!Both dishes were $9.99 each and came with a side salad-Wish the amount of food was more - if you are starving you may want to order an appetizer as well.....I will be back to try other stuff- as the BF would say -Fo Sheezy- (what a dork)Food was good - decor was lacking....As the Terminator would say - I'LL BE BACK!!!!
5	I would first like to applaud Paolo D for using the word "cute" to describe restaurants.  I also do the same and it's nice to see other men using that word and still maintaining their masculinity.  I think it's a sign of being secure with oneself! Okay I got that off my chest, let's move on to the restaurant... I came here with my second family Thao T and My T.  The restaurant is quaint.  There are handprints along the back wall with signatures on them.  The staff (probably owners) are very helpful and kind.  I got one dish, and it was seriously fantastic and unique.  I usually have good memory, but I can't remember the type of fish that was seared on it, anyway I want to say it was called the tanago sushi salad.  So it was seared tanago over a bed of lettuce.  The dressing was a pureed beet mixture of some sort.  It was garnished with some crispy stuff, again we did not know what it was.  This isn't really helpful is it?  Anyway, I want to take my friends so they can have this salad, delicioso!!!
4	My second visit here and confirmed that I really DO like this place.  I had omurice for lunch which was done as well as I expected.  There was another group next to me who was all Japanese, so eavesdropping on their conversation and eating my omurice, I felt like I went through a worm hole and was in Tokyo for a few minutes....that is, until I stepped outside to Spring Mtn Rd.
5	It is known among my friends that the Prince of Taiwan has a deep love for all things Japanese, from anime, to maid cafes, to their culinary arts. This place is a marriage of all things that I love - which is great japanese cooking by chef owner Kiichi Okabe (he used to work at Sushi ROKU), affordable pricing (everything is under 11 bucks, I think), and small mom/pop type places. Located in one of a million Asian plazas in the Vegas Chinatown area, we found parking very easy and just sauntered in. A very nice Japanese woman took us to our seat and presented us with the menus. We had the great 15 dollar prix fixe meal which gave us a small app (agedashi tofu), a small salad, one lunch entree, and the normally five dollar siphon coffee. I got the hamburger steak with egg on top (score!) and wife got the hiyashi rice, which was essentially beef stew on top of rice. I LOVED the agedashi tofu. We spoke with the chef and he said he uses something called "kuzu" which is native to Kyoto, Japan for the sauce he flavors the tofu with. this is not your average agedashi tofu, from its artful presentation to the way it was perfectly cooked.. firm and not mushy but not too dry and fried either. the steak and hyashi rice were done with care, and you can tell Chef Okabe takes pride in his cooking, and this is probably what real home cooking is like in Japan, not like home cooking in Fat America, which consists of a Big Mac and fries. Anyone who loves Japanese food has got to go here when they are in Vegas. I will go Banzai on yo' ass if you don't.Note... for the fatties in Vegas..the portions are just right..not small, but def. not overloading on the calories. Sure, you can order two entrees, but do you really want people to stare at you and make oinking sounds? I think not.
4	Good stuff.  My husband enjoyed the siphon coffee and we got to try a variety of dishes including spicy tatsuta (basically spicy fried chicken tenders), snapper sashimi with seaweed, agedashi tofu with bonito flakes, strawberry mousse and strawberry shortcake.  The agedashi tofu was probably my favorite.  Great flavor and the bonito flakes picked up the slightest breeze, making it look alive.  I'm weird.  I know.They have a liquor license now!  Sapporo!  They have a late night happy hour that looks pretty decent.The strawberry shortcake was also excellent.  Very light and not too sweet.  The specials vary everyday so your food choices may differ.We were the only people there and it was a little awkward but ok.  We actually had to ask for the check.  I guess this is one of those restaurants that thinks its rude to just bring the check.  Still it is a bit of a pain in the ass to get someone's attention.Good place with good food.  Hope it sticks around.
4	Ready to transport myself to a coffeehouse in Japan, my DH (he asked to be called this in my review, though I think that means designated hitter rather than dear husband) and I met Philip T. and Ayumi K. for a different type of Japanese meal.I started off with the yuzu soda, and I was so pleasantly surprised at its deliciousness with real yuzu rind in the bottom of the glass.  I also got the agedashi tofu for my appetizer.  It was one perfect square of homemade tofu topped with grated ginger, scallion, and bonito flakes with almost a gelatinous dashi sauce beneath.Philip and Ayumi shared their beef tongue stew appetizer, which was very tender and rich.  My DH ordered the hayashi beef stew with rice - it said it came with vegetables but he only got a few onions, so it was a bit plain.  He was a good sport since the menu mostly had fried or spicy food, even the specials, and that is not his forte.I got the hamburg steak with daikon and shiso garnish.  The flavor was decent but the daikon was surprisingly more pickle-y tasting than fresh tasting to me.  The potatoes were simple and okay.  I ate everything on my plate though!  It was a unique meal for sure.Philip had his staple the tororin omelette with fried rice and tomato sauce, and Ayumi got her favorite, mentaiko pasta.  Ayumi ordered a beautiful pineapple ravioli encasing ice cream with fresh berries for dessert, which she graciously shared with us when we discovered how good it was!Overall, it was a really neat experience and great atmosphere.  We got to meet the chef and talk to him, and learned a lot about Japan from our dining companions.  Between a weekend of meals at Blue Fin, Japan Creek, and Cafe de Japon plus the upcoming yelptern night at Nakamura-Ya, I think me and the DH are ready for our vacation to Japan this May!
5	There's nothing I can add that others haven't already covered, but I'll try.This is a small, family owned and operated restaurant. Unlike a majority of "Japanese" restaurants the the Valley (well, USA) it is actually owned and operated by someone who is actually Japanese.The menu proudly boasts of it's Japanese/French (and other European countries) fusion. This fusion isn't heavy handed at all so there is nothing to be intimated about. You'll see your classic Japanese staples such as varieties of katsu, karaage, omurice (omelette with fried rice and bits of chicken), varieties of hamburger (Japanese Salisbury steak). You'll also be introduced Japanese takes on Italian pasta. Along with a variety of daily specials.The desert menu, which also has daily specials, is also worth checking out if you are just in the mood for an afternoon coffee and snack.The only downside of the restaurant is that it's not located in Green Valley ;)
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and the wide range of offerings, including a fantastic spaghetti carbonara, which I didn't expect at a Japanese coffee shop.  The Yuzu soda is fantastic.  They put some Yuzu jam in the bottom of a glass, add club soda and ice, then stir.  As you drink, you stir and it brings up this Asian citrus fruit.  Delicious.
4	Delicious, home-style Japanese food -- if you think Japanese food begins and ends with sushi, this place will open your horizons with a variety of tasty options.  The menu is tasty, subtle and offers a variety of meat, fish and veggie options with rich sauces.Let's start with the coffee since the restaurant does include "Cafe" in its title.  Cafe de Japon has gotten a lot of press in Las Vegas for its siphon coffee.  The brewing of siphon coffee is almost ceremonial.  It involves two glass chambers--the bottom one holding water that eventually boils and rises up into the coffee grounds in the upper glass chamber.  As it cools, the coffee separates from the grounds and falls back into the lower coffee chamber.  It's a hell of a lot of fun to watch, but as coffee, it's . . . decent.  I've heard people rave about it, but it's just a light roast cup of coffee.  It's smooth and lacks some of the bitter aftertaste of a traditionally brewed coffee, but it's merely a subtle, uncomplicated flavor. As for the appetizers, Cafe de Japon serves up an excellent agedashi tofu appetizer--square of tofu topped with flavoring in the form of grated ginger and scallions with sauce on the plate under the tofu.We ordered the hamburg steak with daikon and vegetable rice curry.  The gravy sauce on the hamburg steak was surprisingly tart and reminded me of a German sauce, but much lighter.  The plate came with a small portion of scalloped potatoes.  Delicious and a wonderful combination with the steak.  The vegetable curry rice had a good spice, but more subtle than a Thai or Vietnamese curry.  The veggie curry did have an impressive, almost meat flavor to it.  But it's got a spicy kick, so be warned. Bottom line: 3 1/2 stars for tasty food and an extra star for very friendly customer service.
4	Amongst Chinatown's hustle and bustle, there's a bourgeoning enclave of Japanese culinary gems: Ichiza, Monta, Ramen Sora and Raku where one can find really authentic Japanese fare from the humble and home cooked, to the higher end dining establishments.  And so when we got got wind of  Cafe de Japon, we were excited to make our way over to Desert Inn Road.Cafe de Japon is a little different than your regular, run of the mill Japanese restaurant; in fact, it's more like Japanese Coffeehouse that you would find in Japan that serves casual comfort food, (it's not fusion-I HATE that WORD)! As you can see by the front facade, this place's got a little humor, (if you can't figure out where you are... look up...directionally challenged)!  As we're edging closer to the entrance, I can't help but wonder, what kind of drunken clientele do they get that needs to know where the exits are right as they walk in?Take a deep breath and end scene......To our relief, the restaurant interior is a normal looking cafe, with an inordinate amount of Japanese customers, (always a good sign)!  We got seated and started looking at the items on the menu.And there was a lot, including the specials board. Reading about their menu online, there was a lot of buzz about their Hamburg Steak, their Pasta with Mentaiko (fish egg) Sauce and Hayashi Rice.To start off the meal, we ordered the Yuzu Soda- a refreshing drink of Yuzu (japanese citrus fruit) syrup and bits of Yuzu rind, soda and a secret ingredient that the waitress wouldn't reveal.  In any case, it was the first time I've ever had this drink and boy, it was GOOD!  In a Kerr Mason jar, the portion was great!  I would come back just for that drink!For Lunch, there was a set course menu for $15 which included a small salad, entree and the dessert with Siphon Coffee.  We were psyched that they served this style of coffee and since the waiter said the dessert was Tiramisu, it was a no brainer!!!We added a small Tapas style appetizer to our set lunch- the Pork Belly, served with Cresson and Ginger, it was sandwiched in a flakey pie crust- definitely a french touch.  It was an ok Pork Belly, not bad but I would try something else the next time.....For our main entrees, I ordered the Tororin (melt in our mouth) Omelet with Rice; a tomato based fried rice with chicken and fresh,  house made Tomato Sauce on top of an soft runny Omelet.This is an absolute comfort food dish that whipped me back into my childhood....And I don't remember it being this good!  The tomato in the fried rice was sweet and tart at the same time, combined with the chicken and omelet, you couldn't satisfy your senses more than with this dish!The other entrees that we ordered was the Hamburg Steak Japanese Style- with created Daikon (Radish) and Shiso (Japanese Sarsaparilla), served with potato wedges on a sizzling plate.To be totally honest, this was not my favorite dish.  My recollection of hamburg steak is closer to a meatloaf-like soft consistency with the grated daikon added to the mushy texture.   This however, was overcooked and tough to cut, much less chew.  The Potato Wedges were fabulous tho, but alas, couldn't make up for the two boulders of ground cow that lay dead before us.....next time, I'll hop on over to Red Rock and gnaw on gravel..Alas, one dish was a thumbs up, and one not so up..  But with the end of the meal coming to a close, the finale approached with promise and renewed hope.   The tiramisu came, and although the portion was tiny, it was an incredibly creamy and delicious dessert.  The siphon coffee came and I disappointed to see that the coffee already came in the mug, (I thought that it would be prepared at the table).  But looking back at the coffee bar, I realized that everything was made there.  Albeit my disappointment, it was a great cup of coffee- I enjoyed the aroma and taste and would most likely come back here for an afternoon pick me up!Overall, it's a place worth trying a couple of times to explore all their dishes; not all of them hit it out of the ballpark, but when you get that one dish that does, boy, are you gonna chase that dragon!!!!Rating (Out of Five Stars)Food           3Ambience   1.5Service        3(BTW- the ambience was 1.5, because there was no ambience.  Not a bad thing, just nonexistent....But it got the .5 because of the dishware, like the Kerr Mason Jar and Siphon Contraption at the Bar).
5	This is my new favorite place to eat, We had Saki to start and this fried veggie tempura ball in a broth,We had the aged tofu and the curry katsu  Then we had the ahi tuna salad and then coffee to end. it was a perfect meal and it was 70$ with tip.The staff answered all our questions and were very friendly.
5	My experience at Cafe de Japon was definitely a great one. Upon entering I felt like I really was at a cafe in Japan. The interior of the place has a Japanese feel to it, creating a wonderful atmosphere. In addition to the interior, they played various Japanese songs the whole time! Upon looking at the menu, I saw that they have various Japanese dishes such as Hayashi Rice, variations of hamburg steak, Curry (Vegetable, Beef, and Chicken), as well as various pasta dishes. Besides the items on the menu, there are daily specials listed on a whiteboard. I decided to order the yuzu soda ($5) , since many other yelpers have suggested it. I had no idea what to expect, so my first sip was definitely a surprise. The flavor was definitely unique, but tasted great. At the bottom of the glass there are yuzu rinds, which add to the great, light flavor of the drink.For an appetizer I decided to order a Potato Korokke ($3.50). The Korokke was a perfect golden brown color and looked very appetizing! The dipping sauce, which I'm pretty sure was the same as the tonkatsu sauce, complemented the Korokke perfectly! Upon my first bite, I was amazed at how perfect the crispy breading tasted along with the potato. I definitely recommend trying this, but be sure to let it cool because it is very hot upon serving ( I burned my mouth because it was too delicious to put down !).After that, I decided to try the curry katsu ($11). The breading on the katsu was perfect and had just the right amount of sauce to make it flavorful, without taking any flavor away from the curry. The curry was a spicy chicken curry that I would not recommend to anyone who can't handle anything but mild. It is pretty spicy, so be sure you can handle it before ordering. For dessert I decided to try their chocolate parfait ($7). The chocolate parfait consisted of whipped cream, vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup, crushed wafers (almost like a crushed ice cream cone), a couple pieces of chocolate candy, and two cookie sticks (they are rolled paper thin wafers with chocolate in the middle). The parfait was absolutely delicious, definitely a must have if you love sweets. Overall I spent about $50 here since I did have another guest with me as well. I will definitely be coming back here to try out some of their other dishes.
3	I'm sorry, I just cannot get into many Asian foods, Japanese included. I rarely, very, very rarely eat Chinese, Thai, Japanese, etc. With the exception of sushi. I don't know, call me a white-bread-eatin' American? The thing is I am excited to try new culinary cuisines, but Asian-inspired dishes just are not my cup of tea for some reason. The spices, the tastes... they just don't hit my palette like Italian and Mexican dishes do.With that being said I think Cafe de Japon is A-OK. It would probably be bumped to 4 stars if I truly enjoyed Japanese food. On my trip here I had the Pre-Fixe lunch menu. It came with a small salad - very good and fresh. Next was the agedashi tofu appetizer, which I thought was okay. I'm not a huge tofu fan, and even this hearty dish failed to get me super excited about it. For my main course I had the tororin omelet with rice. It was hearty and rich, plus the ketchup gave it a taste as though it had been cooked in a kitchen at a home. Lastly I had the siphon coffee, which was FABULOUS. I would come back for the coffee, but probably not anything else. Overall I think those who really love Japanese food will love Cafe de Japon, but for me I will probably stick to doing a full-out meal elsewhere.
3	Dim lighting, cozy booths, aaaand very japanesey were the first things that came to my mind when I was there for the firs time.  I was pretty excited to see what this place offered but felt indifferent after leaving.  They have a specials menu that includes small dishes (tapas) and also the entree style items as well.  I figured the "specials" menu would be special but it didnt have much that just came out at me.  We ended up ordering the agedashi tofu and the cold tofu which werent bad, but not great.  I also orderd the karage to start and the hayashi rice for dinner.  All were cooked well but not amazing.  This place is definfetly good for a nice get together or if you want japanese food without waiting 3290123 hours at ichiza or raku give this place a try.
4	Definitely a nice change of pace from the stereotypical sushi and teppan Japanese restaurants in vegas. Right when you walk in, you feel a very disctint Japanese feel to the place, very cozy. It isn't a big restaurant, but I wouldn't call it a whole in the wall either. It's never too busy, which is nice. Staff is pretty attentive and knowledgeable so feel free to ask them questions before ordering.The food---Very diverse menu, ranging from small tapas like dishes to entrees, and of course DESSERT.  Oh, not to mention alcohol. I had the Katsu Don which is your breaded chicken or Pork in scrambled eggs with green onions over rice. I'd have to say that this place has one of my favorite katsu chicken, perfectly breaded and extremely moist and tender on the inside. Not dried out like other places. My friend had the hamburger steak with potatoes on a hot skillet which he really enjoyed. The steaks looked well prepared with a nice crust on the outside and juicy on the inside. We also tried the Garlic Beef w/rice which was delicious! Usually when places say something is garlic ________ it comes out to be not so garlic-y.....cafe de Japon isn't kidding around!Can't really go wrong with any of their desserts, they're a cafe so it's kind of their thing. We shared the green tea roll cake and it was the perfect ending to our heavy meal. Very fluffy and bursting with that matcha green tea flavor that you would want. Not overly sweet, but creamy.Will have to come back and try some of their coffee, the waitress said they had good iced coffee.
5	Authentic and delicious! Great staff and atmosphere.
5	The wife and I went last week during their 'Anime Music' night where they played theme songs from anime TV shows and movies. More importantly, if you come dressed up as a cartoon character you get $1 off your lunch/dinner, 50% of any drink, and a free desert (this last time being a slice of tiramisu or strawberry moose cake). Follow their facebook page to know about that special, other ones, and daily food/drink/desert specials!For entrees the wife ordered omurisu which I've had before. Omurise is an three egg omelette served on top of a mound of a tomato based chicken fried rice. Chef Kiichi tops it with a tomato puree.I went for the curry chicken katsu. A simple plate of white rice, chicken katsu and Chef Kiichi's curry garnished with pickled beets. Japanese curry is different than Indian or Thai as it more closely resembles a spicy gravy. Kiichi's curry has a lot of flavor and a good amount of heat! They do have vegan friendly curry available for those who follow an animal free diet.For desert I went with the tiramisu, served in a shallow bowl in a small pool of coffee which I spooned over the cake before each bite. The wife's strawberry moose cake was unbelievable. Light, tasted like strawberries without being heavy handed.During dinner we talked with Chef Kiichi's wife about anime and my wife's pregnancy (they were speaking a mile-a-minute Japanese!). Everyone who works there is so friendly and warm. Absolutely love coming here.
5	I love everything about this place, from the changing menu to the melon sodas.  My favorite thing here is the pork belly with black bean sauce when he has it, and the pineapple ravioli.  Yum-o!
5	I seriously dig this place. Stopped by on a Friday night to get some dinner and try out some of the tapas.The tempura was awesome, my favorite tempura so far. The batter is not overwhelming, the portion size is just right for an appetizer and the sauce is great.Kaki Age Ball is just a mix of tempura'd veggie goodness sitting in a delicious broth. Get your own!As for the Black Bean Pork Belly, it stole the show tonight. Delicious Pork belly simmered for up to six hours and served over a puff pastry with that excellent black bean sauce drizzled over it. Seriously so good I should have ordered two from the start. Ended up ordering one more for dessert.The Karage meal was excellent as usual. I'm so happy I found a place that doesn't fry the Karage to jerky or deep fry some grissle and try to pass it off as meat.The Bolognese is true to the name. There was almost a full hamburg steak in that sauce. Perfect acidity IMO.Their Melon soda haunts my memories I just can't get enough and I don't even like melon. Its one of the things that keep me coming back.Hell yeah I ate all that!
4	Oh snap you have try this little joint! They have such  a great and well executed menu that it had me saying oh my lord good food like this is just pure bliss. From beginning to end I was treated to such a great and flavorful dishes that were carefully crafted and made to delight our palettes. Make sure to give this wonderful place a good try and don't skip on desert they are to die for.NJOY :D
3	My one meal here was nice, but nothing exceptional.The part I liked best was the Japanese soda. That was tasty.The mixed tempura seemed like pretty standard tempura. Nothing seemed to stand out. My beef dish seemed pretty ho hum. It wasn't bad but it was kind of bland.Service was friendly.The place has a nice feeling. I like the way they have the main menu on a big board they bring to the table. Plus the Japanese pop music is a nice touch. I could eat here again but nothing seemed worth going out of my way.
4	The quality and the number of authentic Japanese restaurants that are open in Las Vegas now makes me soooo happy.  I have been wanting to try Cafe de Japon for awhile now and I finally got the chance to eat lunch there this weekend.  Based on the other Yelp recommendations, we got the agedashi tofu (amaze balls), chicken katsu curry (sauce was a little sweet), tonkatsu (delightful), yuzu soda (refreshing), and the sweet potato cake dessert (LOVE)!  Chef came out and talked to us a couple times and was so nice!  I love the menu and the size of the restaurant.  Looking forward to coming back for dinner soon.
1	Went there for lunch and had the "Hambagu Steak". It was the worst Japanese Hamburger Steak I've had... absolutely no flavor! That's 1 dish the Japanese have perfected, but Cafe de Japon destroyed it. The Neapolitan Spaghetti was also blah...
4	Reminiscent of my trip to Tokyo - Japanese music, food, servers and patrons - this is as legit as it gets. With Japanese restaurants owned and operated by Koreans, it's nice to find something more authentic.I tried their takoyaki (yum), melon soda (yum) and tonkatsu (ordinary)...I had omurice in my mind but my mouth uttered "tonkatsu" instead.  Unfortunately, I'm allergic to shellfish and things with tentacles...I meant to try their coffee and dessert but I had to leave.  It only means I have to come back.
5	This is one of the best restaurants I have been in my life!!!!!! The food is superb. It is quiet and very well served . This restaurant belongs on one of the best in the world.Do not be scare of the front or the outside this does not look any fancy or any attractive but the food says it all and that is what you are there for. The price is very good for the quality of the food. Aleays something new to try and the deserts are fantastic!Maria from Colombia.
4	Drove through Chinatown and the sign for this place caught my eye so I decided to try it for lunch.  Apparently the menu changes often because there were as many things on the "specials" dry erase board as there were on the regular menu.  The waitress was very helpful is describing some menu items.Started off with the tempura appetizer.  Nice portion of prawns, shiitake mushroom, pumpkin, and onion in a light batter served along side a very hot dipping sauce.  Not greasy at all.  Very good.Next was the Hayashi Rice, a beef and vegetable stew over rice.  Tasty, but I expected more vegetables swimming among the shredded beef.One nice thing they do that I will try next time is a "customized" curry.  You decide, on a checklist, the toppings, extras, and spiciness level of the curry.  Or maybe I will try their pasta carbonara.Overall a very enjoyable place.  Friendly and attentive staff, nice low key ambiance, and good food.
3	I've been here twice already but nothing's really stood out. I really like their water with their oil flavors. Give it a try next time you're there :).During my first visit, I mostly tried their desserts but like I said, nothing really stood out there. Desserts get to me after awhile, anyway.On my second visit, I tried the Neapolitan spaghetti. It didn't taste like anything special, just simply spaghetti with their sauce and whatnot.I don't know when I'll be back here as I was brought there by friends both times but it's still worth a visit if you've never been.
2	Hate to say that I was not really impressed.  On the outside of the restaurant is a big sign that says "FUSION FOOD".  The place was also described as a typical Japanese cafe.  Have been to Japan three times and there is nothing that indicates a typical cafe except for a tiny place in Osaka that had curry and 5 other things on the menu.  I would recommend removing that banner.  The food is not fusion and it detracts from what you are really trying to do.  The service here is decent, but I'm still struggling with the typical cafe thing.  The menu is a mix of some Izakaya style dishes...Japanese curry and the Japanese version of Hanbaga, with a Korean pork and kim chee highlighted by some desserts that you might see in a cafe/coffee shop.  I still have had much better parfaits and desserts.  Heard the chef/owner is from Sushi Roku and I wish him the best.  Focus on the food and forget the fusion.  The Japanese Hamburger and the Curry is a great start for the concept.  The creative desserts can be another aspect, but go the extra mile and do something more.  I get the impression of settling on a little of this and that.I would probably go back once or twice a year unless the food improves.  Get rid of the metal chopsticks as well.  Wooden is preferable in a Japanese establishment.  Consider share plates or chopstick holders as well so your customers have a place to put them rather than directly on the table.
4	After reading prior reviews I came here in the mind I was going to be having Japanese Tapas so I was a bit disappointed when I saw the menu.  However after being to Japan this is authentic Japanese comfort food think Dennys for us, this is for them.  It is a no frills reasonably priced, hearty meal, good flavors for what it is.  However it is a bit to basic for me.  If you are a Japanese curry fan then this is a must it is authentic I however do not prefer it.  This place reminded me of my trip, which I enjoyed but I enjoy more seasoning, flavor and spice.  The specialty drink is a refreshing Yuzu Soda quite good may go back for that.The decor is awesome and as another reviewer said earlier it reminded me of sitting at a cafe on a side street of Tokyo.  The service was quick and pleasant the bill reasonable.  I am not taking stars away for my personal preference, the food is what it says it is on the menu.  If it does not meet with my personal preferences that does not warrant taking away stars.
5	I love this place nice waitresses and desserts are awsome and their is always something differnt . yuzu soda is off the hook
3	I've been here three times as of right now. It is a cute small restaurant, but the food is mediocre so far. They have cute menu's and a large white board with the "today's specials" along with other items that they're serving that day as some go out of stock and they change it up a little.The first time, I had karaage (which is fried chicken) and for the price I honestly expected a little more than just 6 pieces of chicken, rice, and a small cabbage salad. It tasted like regular karaage that you could get a fast food restaurant for only $5. There was no flavoring on it and I felt like I needed a sauce to eat it. The dessert I had was the yaki-imo which wasn't exactly fried, it was steamed, but it was still good.The second time I went I had omurice, which is an omelette on top of rice, usually rice either cooked in ketchup or fried. In this case it was cooked in a tomato sauce which they make themselves. This was actually pretty good compared to what I had the first time. This omurice is different from what I have had in the past, the chef made a fried rice with ketchup and chicken, which made it taste better than regular omurice. The sauce is what made it pretty good for me, it's a homemade sauce that uses a tomato base. Some omurice use ketchup but others make homemade sauce. Based off the price of the food, I expected a little more taste from some of the foods. I don't recall what my friends had but I got to try some of it. I will definitely try it a few more times before making a final decision about the place. Also, they do have a stamp card but you have to spend $20 or more to get a benefit from it, personally I like to see it knocked down to $10 and just double the number of stamps required.
5	I loved this place! reminded me of old Cafe you can find in Japan... the food was great! (of course, the owner is the former Sushi Roku chef) We had...-Chicken Karaage  hmmm...it was ok lol-Agedashi Tofu  yummmmm!!-Napolitan   yummmmm!!!-Curry  very spicy!!!-Omlet rice  very tasty:)-Tenshin fried rice  sooo good! my favorite by far-Hamburg  hmmm... the meat was a bit firm... I did not like it-Loco moco  not my favorite either, nothing too special...-Yamaimo Cake  not sweet! different...-Pumpkin pudding  soooo good!their coffee is great, also the water with essential oil. it definitely is a unique, cool restaurant to go to!
2	I wanted to like this place, but the food was just ok. I had the chocolate parfait for dessert, but the chocolate on the ice cream I believed to be was magic shell. What really got to me was a woman there, I'm not sure she was a patron, but maybe a friend of the business itself since she was talking at the bar area with men who weren't eating or drinking at all. Throughout our whole dining experience she was giving a man an upper body massage which is quite inappropriate for a restaurant establishment. This is not a massage parlor.
5	STOP WHAT YOUR ARE DOING AND GET THE YUZU SODA.it's as good as everyone says it is! the chocolate parfait was amazingly pretty and tasty too! I tried Oyakodon fir the first time and I really liked it. I can't wait to go back and find some other great dishes. My only issue is that I wish less of the menu was fried.
4	It is so good!  I was recommended to try it out since I love going to Japanese restaurants. I've had ...Tenshin friend riceLevel 8 katsu curryOmurice Kinoko PastaKaraageA dish with pig and kimchiAll the dishes I have listed are amazingly delicious. Its bit on the pricey side ( Expect to spend over $20+ for a full meal) But it will be worth every penny.
4	This place is slowly becoming my favorite Japanese restaurant. The kissaten-style really tickles my girly fancy. My first visit here was probably less than a month since their opening and I ordered their Hayashi Rice and flourless chocolate cake. I felt a little jipped with the chocolate cake since it was too small for the price I paid. My second visit was a month ago (yeah, huge gap) with some girlfriends of mine and got their Katsu-curry. I think for the month of October I went on a katsu-curry rampage and tried as many establishments who offer this dish as possible. Cafe de Japon's katsu-curry did not disappoint. The katsu was crispy yet firm, and the curry was deep with spice and flavor. I also tried their yuzu soda for the first time using the 25% off deal with a Yelp check-in. I'll admit I'm not a big fan. Maybe I'm just sensitive to citrus rinds *shrugs* I also tried their pudding for dessert. I really miss Japanese purin from my childhood and wondered if this place could help satiate that nostalgia. The caramel was a little burnt, but the custard pudding itself tasted really good. It didn't jiggle as much, but it was a big serving of pudding so I guess that made up for the tiny chocolate cake I had on my first visit. The last time I went here was Saturday after the Thanksgiving/Black Friday holiday and just wanted a relaxing early dinner. I shared a siphon coffee with my best friend and fairly enjoyed the smoothness of the drink. I opted for the Tororin Omelet Rice since I got a bite of it from my second visit and have been dreaming about it ever since. I've tried omurice at other places but found it a little salty and lacking in flavor. Cafe de Japon's was everything I remembered it to be, egg-y (in a good way) and definitely tomato-y with chicken bits mixed in with the rice. Awesome! I also shared a tiramisu with the bestie and it was pretty good. Can't really say much since I've never really been a fan of tiramisu (I know, blasphemy).
4	Unexpectedly stumbled into this place while visiting from SF, CA.Had a Yuzu / Ginger tea?  and the Mentaiko Spaghetti!  Awesome Japanese pasta!  I also have one of their desserts that was a very nice mix of flan, ice cream, fruit and a dollop of whip, all in the right proportions.They even have manga there so that you can practice your hiragana and kanji if you want to brush up (^_^)
3	Food was good. Service was good. Nothing impressive but not bad. A lot of choices on the menu.
5	Everyone shoud go here! They treat there customers right and always have specials.TRY THE SPECIALS!! We usually dont even look at the regular menu.Hatsu was the best dish i have had in the valley. It is chicken hearts cooked up in an awesome sauce, they dont have it all the time but when they do watch out it will be addicting.The yuzu soda is to die for as well. He is not very busy it seems to be just him and his wife, but they are doing it right. If you want an ahi tuna salad this is the place to go for it too. I cant say enough good things about this place for sure. The coffee is brewed in a chemistry set too super cool. We had 7-10 dishes for 80$
5	Always feel comfortable inside.!!went there last nite with friend and family.yummy tiramisu~~Chef is always nice to us and comes to have a small talk with us:)
3	Came here so I could compare the curry to Zen Curry~!!!The place was totally empty but very cozy inside. Their menus are quite creative looking haha We got the lunch special curry ($9.99) with chicken katsu and hamburger steak.. And some Yuzu soda to wash it all down with.. The curry plates came with the soup of the day which was some creamy corn soup and a little side salad that was ice cold. I guess if you get the lunch special curry you can only go up to spicy level 3 but that was more than enough spice for me! The yuzu soda comes in a big mason jar it's more bitter than sweet but I liked it... Usually $5 but I used my 25% off check in offer ;]]] The server was very polite and attentive and he even brought out some hot sauce and pickled onions for us.. I think they are just a little bit more expensive than Zen but the complimentary side salad and soup make up for that difference..Over all I think Zen curry is more pleasing to my palette. And I love how they have all the toppings at the table readily available to you. The chicken is also more tender at Zen. But if you like spicy definitely try out Cafe de Japon and also if you don't want to wait for a table because it was empty when we went there~!!! haha
5	Girls like parfait n Yuzu soda by the chef!
1	The place is a joke! Two scoops of ice cream with Hershey chocolate and 2 wafers for $7. I don't mind paying $7 for dessert if its something special. Should have known that 1 customer dining on a Saturday night was not a good sign!!! The food was plain gross.....
4	Awesome food.  Went for lunch.  Owner and his family were very nice.  I thought that pricing was a little high...but it did match the high quality of the food.  Had some great Udon and Loco Moco.  Would recommend either.
5	Kiichi-san's restaurant Cafe de Japon is an AMAZING place to eat with fresh ingredients and a brilliant seasonal menu,even making the best out of mango season for a limited time(and supply of)DELICIOUS mango tarts.This place being so close to work and is very quiet at night when I get off and the personality of the chef/owner is a huge plus for me. I'm going to be a regular here for ages to come without ever being bored or dissatisfied with the menu for sures!
5	This place is my new regular place to dine. Yuzu soda and curry is my newly acquired usual order. I customize my curry so that I get it as spicy as possible and with shrimp and potatoes. Home-cooked Japanese food at its best! The dish is prepared so neatly and just beats the crap out of Japanese Curry Zen, in my opinion. The desserts change daily or weekly depending on availability of the ingredients. I've had a different dessert every time I've come here and have never been disappointed. The owner also offers discounts if you like their page on Facebook. On top of that, they have club meetings every so often. This is just a small and cozy hang out spot with delicious food.
5	Great service love the yelp check in discount my yuzu soda so good very refreshing and my chocolate parfait made my inner child giddy with excitement.
4	Ok, this place is definitely not busy, but the great thing about them is that the place is actually run by Japanese people. The lights are dimmed at night and just to add to that, the place is not that spacious. They only had two people on staff. I ordered the Chicken Curry Rice with an Sorbet Iced Green Tea for dessert. The Curry Rice was amazing! Almost up to par with the one my host mother used to make back in Japan! On the flip side of that, the service was terribly slow it took 30 minutes to get my food and the place only had one more table. Now, when I asked the lady about the Sorbet Ice Green Tea it sounded to me like she said "sorbet" "ice cream" but it was shaved iced Green Tea! It was not great. The presentation was extraordinary though. That also took an extra 30 minutes making my service run up to an hour. The cool thing about Cafe De Japon is that they have Japanese magazines from Japan and manga!
4	Authentic Japanese cafe located in Chinatown area of LV.Small, quiet, casual locals place.  We ordered  a curry dish and Oyakodonburiand thoroughly enjoyed both dishes.  The owner is originally from Japanand was our server.  He was very welcoming with a great personality.  On our next trip to LV we will definitely come here again and sample otheritems on the menu.  If you are looking for an unpretentious, off the strip eatingexperience where the locals dine, we highly recommend that you try Cafe de Japon.
4	Such a cool lil place. Was enjoying the day with the wife and remembered seeing this place in Las Vegas weekly and wanted to try it. They did not disappoint. So amazing.
5	The place was empty when we entered for dinner at 10:00.  Ordered the Menchi Katsu and Chicken Katsu Curry, and both were delicious and very filling.  Make sure you order the Yuzu/Melon soda! So worth it.
5	Another great review for Cafe de Japon! There's one word that comes to mind when I think of this place: homey!Environment- this place made me feel so at home! Random & cute toys at the bar, plush vegetables sitting against the chairs, bookcases filled with manga, and Japanese curtains covering the windows that made me feel like I was in someone's home in Japan. Something about it made me feel very cozy & comfortable being there :-)Food- Tastes like simple but delicious home-cooked meals! Fusion between Japanese and European food. I had the oyako don (about $9) which was just eggs, onions, and chicken over rice. How could something so simple taste so good? I'm not a big fan of rice, but I gobbled up my whole dish, which was rich and flavorful. Also came with a house salad and soup. Check in on Yelp and try their Yuzu soda- it's really unique! Tasted like soda w/ kumquats.. Unfortunately I was too full for any dessert.. but they do have a variety of green tea desserts.. and I love green tea so I'll definitely be back for those!Do like their Facebook for updates, the owner is always adding and trying out new menu items.Service- the owner was sweet and attentive. You can tell he really loves his restaurant and cares for his customers. Upon checking out, he urged us to like their Facebook page for a 10% discount and asked if we had a student ID for their Summer Student discount- which was really nice of him! They also have a loyalty card program.
5	Can't go wrong with homemade Japanese curry.  I love Curry House and the curry at ramen houses in the Mitsuwa food court and little Osaka.  I've been eating curry since stationed near Hiroshima in the military so have a personal attachment and fondness for it, with the complex layers of spices and richness which goes so well with the texture and neutral blandness of rice.  I've seen Morimoto on Iron Chef make curry from scratch a couple of times, and always wondered if it would be different from other recipes.  Having researched Japanese curry, I have a basic understanding of its evolution from Indian curry (where it originated), Chinese (soy sauce and garlic based), Thai (coconut milk based) and Japanese (spoiler: Japanese curry uses cocoa!).  There's so much going on in Japanese curry, it's really a blend of some of the most interesting spices that has somehow reached a perfect balance of flavor.  The cool thing about this place is you really get to personalize how you want your curry and what goes into it, similar to Curry House CoCo Ichibanya.  You get to choose the spiciness, the meat or vegetable, and the quantity of rice.  There's something about their curry though that makes it really tasty here.  I'd have to make a side by side comparison between this place and Curry House though, as I didn't really care for CoCo Ichibanya, mainly because their meat was overcooked.  But for now, I think this place wins in the taste department, I wanted to lick the plate when I was finished.  Also, the yuzu soda is a definite must have to wash down a spicy order.
5	Cafe de Japon is just adorable!! Small and cozy, a great spot to enjoy good food and have great conversations. They have cute stuffed animals, a collection of mangas, and japanese magazines. The interior is clean and feels very homey and their food reflects this as well. The dishes have a very simple home cooked meal feel to them. You won't find sushi here, their menu is very unique. Checkin on yelp and you'll get 50% their Yuzu soda...which is a must try....very refreshing.The owner/head chef, chef Kiichi was so nice and accommodating. My friend and I weren't too hungry when we came and only intended to have some appetizers since this was our 3rd stop of the evening so Chef Kiichi offered to do half orders of the entrees for us so we could try multiple dishes. You can tell how genuine he is from how much he cares about his restaurant and his customers. He took the time to tell us about his experience in the restaurant industry and his Japanese origins. Chef Kiichii loves his restaurant and effortlessly offers a great experience for those who are fortunate enough to try his dishes. We had the spicy mackerel which was just delicious. The Karaage which was pretty amazing as well and you get a good sized portion for $5.00 (Appetizers are usually overpriced and quite small in my opinion...not the case) We also had the house dumplings which were lightly fried for that slight crisp...just delightful.I highly recommend trying this place out. You will not be disappointed. 5 stars !
5	I found this place while searching for Japanese restaurants on yelp. I saw it had 4 stars but I didn't expect anything special out of the food when I went but was I wrong. FOOD:I got the Mentaiko Pasta. It was delicious! The pasta was cooked al dente, the sauce wasn't an overwhelming amount and the portion size was just enough. My friend got the curry here. I tried a bite of it and it was bomb. I don't think I've ever had such good curry, not even from Curry House! You definitely have to try the Melon soda and Yuzu soda and the desserts too!SERVICE:Service was exceptional. I don't think I've felt so at home, welcome and happy just because of how I was served. By reading yelp reviews by others afterward, I realize my server was also the owner/head chef of the restaurant! He is so sweet and you will definitely feel like you've made a new friend by the end of your meal.
4	Cafe de Japon is an adorable little cafe/restaurant that serves coffee, desserts, and delicious japanese fusion dishes. It's located in the same plaza as Cathay house and noticeable when you turn in. Although we completely drove past it. Haha.OFFERS: Make sure to check in on the yelp mobile app to get 25% off their yuzu soda (reg. price: $5). And to like them on facebook for 10% off your bill! You also get a stamp card IF you spend at least $10. You get a stamp every $10. Once you hit ten stamps, you get 10% off your bill. So if you hit $40 in one check, it's 4 stamps! Adds up quick even on one visit. This is the new stamp program as of my last visit 10/1/2013. Whew. So a lot of deals at Cafe de Japon! But trust me, you'll want the price reductions.ATMOSPHERE: Intimate, feels a bit upscale, very quiet even with the low-volume j-pop in the background. Very clean. Low-lighting at night. Even the utensil-holders are cute. MAIN COURSE: I got the Hamburg Steak with demi-glace sauce with the full-size order at $12. Half-size is $6. Boyfriend got the curry with spice, karaage, hamburg steak, and corn. Also ordered the yuzu soda. Picture sliced citron (a type of lemon) with carbonation. Tastes fresh, came as a huge mug, but it's a little expensive. My hamburg steak was searing hot, flavorful, and served on a piping hot pan. Tasted home-cooked. Presentation very well-done arranged with baby carrots and potato slices. Came with a plate of rice. I couldn't get enough of the caramelized sauce melding with the steak. However, the portion was TINY. Came with two small patties of the hamburg steaks (to give you a visual idea, think $1 menu-size burger patties at mcdonalds, or maybe the size of 2 of the iphone 3GS) (sidenote: yes I still have an iphone 3GS SHUSH). Even my date laughed, "good thing you got the full-size." And even offered me some of his curry when he saw me scraping every bit of my plate. Gotta love the boyfriend. According to him, the curry was decent, although a bit small-portioned. Tasted homemade, but not out-of-the-ballpark great. DESSERT: The owner/chef was very accommodating. Very attentive, funny. Upon ordering dessert, we ordered just one cheesecake, when I remembered my tiny entree and I said, "wait! make that two." The chef teased, "OK! Two! That way no fighting!" Haha. They do have special daily dessert items not available everyday so be sure to ask for that! There's also a separate dessert menu.  Strawberry Cheesecake was an explosion of flavor without being too sweet. Light, perfect contrast to our palate after entrees. The plate was a canvas of art with sliced strawberries and splashes of sauce. I almost didn't want to eat it. Very caring in the attention to plating. My boyfriend griped that it wasn't real cheesecake because they used feathery mascarpone cheese so he expected it to be more solid and cake-y. His opinion doesn't matter though :D (just kidding)VERDICT: Delicious food with my only complaint being portion size. This place is definitely meant for you to order an appetizer, entree, and dessert. The real star was the dessert. I believe on his website stated that there were no freezers in his kitchen. Everything made fresh with incredible attention and precision. Although you might break the bank since it's pricey for portion, it's incredibly great quality food. We swear that we don't eat more than the average person, but we'd like to feel full from the main meal. It's a great place to treat someone out to for date night.It was only the chef serving us the whole night between three tables! Call that multi-tasking. He held open the door for us when we went for the exit! Service very quick. Next time we'll drop in for the desserts and the coffee!WHO might like this place: Skinny minnies, asian chicks that take pictures of foodWHO might dislike this place: Competitive eaters, gluttons like me, frugalists
5	The time, effort, and care put into their food, makes Cafe Japon one of my most favorite places to visit.  Secret, their strawberry sundae is without doubt, best in Las Vegas.They are new and need your support.
5	Omurice. The owner said that everything house made even sauce.  This reminds back home Japanese western restaurant. ;-)
5	Came across this place during our visit in July 2013 and definitely glad we did! Most friendly owner we have ever met, took the time to chat with us and explain his cafe, and even let us try some dishes on the house. Love all his handmade desserts, all from scratch. Despite his dishes being traditional Japanese, he definitely puts his own flair to it. We have come back to this cafe every time after and the owner has always remembered us and took the time to chat. You must try his coffee too, the way its done is unique! A must go for me! Plus very affordable prices for the quality of their dishes and drinks.
