3	I realized Wimpy's was open on my way to Mcdonald's for my son.  So I decided to give them a try.  Wait in the drive thru was very long for some reason.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, fries, chicken nuggets, and waited a long time for it.  Once home, the burger was juicy and the fries were nice and hot.  The chicken nuggets were ok, the best thing was the burger.
2	11:38pm came through the drive thru drunk and starving, there was a lil wait but only bc they said we making everything fresh (understandable YET and still 20 min for FAST FOOD!!?) the fries and burger was average, not good not bad.. Would I be rushing back fiening for Wimpys.. Prob not!!
1	This is unreal. 29 minutes in the drive-thru!?!?! Are you kidding me? I don't care that I started this journey at 531pm,THATS DINNER TIME! I've received an entire MEAL from Farmer's Boys in less time-and the food was better.I had the pastrami burger and my wife had the avocado burger, while our daughter had the chicken nuggets. We'll make this easy: Pastrami burger- NO seasoning on the burger-if there was, you would be able to tell since I had to take off my bacon because it was ALL fat, and there was NO cheese on either burger. If they don't come that way, then upon ordering you should say 'do you want cheese?'...although I have a hunch they just forgot the cheese. Either way, burger was bland as can be-the avocado on my wife's burger wasn't even ripe yet.The chicken nuggets were bland, along with the 'seasoned fries'. ZERO seasoning- not even SALT!All of this took place after we spent 11 minutes IN LINE, then the next 18min at the window waiting for our food.18 minutes gives you PLENTY of time to look around and asses the store though...the floor was unbelievably disgusting, the lady at the window looked lost (at best). THERE WERE 2 GIRLS WANDERING AROUND BEHIND THE COUNTER. Yes, KIDS (8 and 10 years old if i was guessing)...running from one side of the store to the other-this is BEHIND THE COUNTER WHERE THE EMPLOYEES ARE. How unprofessional?! As if that wasn't bad enough...that coupled with the towers of napkins knocked over and the loose ketchup packets everywhere-then comes a guy...a larger man wearing a yellow hat and an apron-an apron which has a dirty ass white towel tucked into the front of it. He comes over and sits down, in what looks like a lawn chair, and GETS ON HIS PHONE. Im on one side of the window, he's on the other side of the drive-thru window...on the phone. Look. Even if there is nothing you can do, dont EVER sit-certainly not on your phone- in plain view of the customer. I can't believe he did that. If one of my employees did, he/she would be fired on the spot! In the middle of this massive rush-this was the decision you chose? EVEN if he was calling in 'support staff'- go to a freaking breakroom/area!Argh. Well Wimpy, you may have decent numbers for today's business but i'll be surprised if even ONE single customer returns after the calamity we were all involved it tonight. LITERALLY one of the worst RESTAURANT (CERTAINLY takes the cake for 'fast' food) experiences of my life. Yes, it was that bad.
1	Read some bad reviews but thought, they're new so we'll give it a shot. Very disappointed,  LONG wait, very greasy and very bland. Bummer!!! I was looking forward to a new restaurant option close to home.
1	So thought I would give Wimpy's a try with the family... The drive-thru was extremely slow. But that was the best part of my experience.. I ordered 3 burgers and two of them were made correctly. Still not a bad thing! As we began to eat the burgers my wife and I noticed our burgers were undercooked and was able to microwave it and eat it. My sons burger on the other hand was red and cold... even after microwaving it, it still wasn't done. Leading us to think it might be frozen... By this time wasn't feeling the love. The fries were ok after they began to cool down it tasted like oil (as if the fry oil wasn't hot enough and the fries just soaked up the oil)  Needless to say most of our food went into the trash...Ohh yeah and I forgot about my drinks.. none were marked and they weren't even full...While in the drive through I noticed two younger children in the kitchen and many employees wearing hats but not hair nets.. One girl constantly removed her hat and her hair was all over the place... No one had their hair pulled back and out of the way. It looked scary, should have trusted my gut when I saw this and left....The owner needs to change a lot before they go out of business!
1	Date of Visit 11.23.13 Time 6:19pm. We ordered 2 burgers and 2 drinks. While waiting 25 minutes for our meal, we noticed a few things. The employee's take breaks out in the lobby where the customer's are. The older woman who has long, big hair, was not wearing a hat or hair net, while making burgers, or putting the meals in the bags or on the trays. They did not have their sign up from the Dept. Of Health. During this time, not one of the employee's washed their hands. Also, the pop machine was a hot mess, with not enough lids, ice everywhere on the counter and the floor. The should of had one employee clean that up every 15 minutes. We spent 9.92 and did not even wait for our order. After 27 minutes, we left. I wont go back. Read Corrie M's review. She is RIGHT ON.
2	So sad was hoping it would be similar to the original wimpys located on las vegas blvd ... sad burgers were not very good. frys were awsome . steak sandwich was good. pastrami sandwich was good .the burger might have been better if it was on the steak sandwich roll .. honest tasted like oven cleaner sad I'm somewhat bummed. I was oh so hoping it would of been a better experience. .. the line I can deal with if only the food and shakes were better... my only advice is get it together while your new ... before the customers leave and your out of business.
1	Terrible experience. Waited in the drive thru for nearly 15-20 minutes, with only one car ahead of me. When I asked what was on the avocado burger, the women's response was "avocados." Burger was okay... Nothing special. Also ordered a side of fried zucchini and found a hair in the batch.... Needless to say, will never visit again.
5	I got the pastrami burger which was absolutely delicious! The pastrami was a great addition to their thick cut patty. They served thick cut fries which I don't usually like because I like my fries crispy, but these fries were amazing! Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside! Very good meal! Also the service was great! The establishment was very clean. Two thumbs up!
1	I was trying to give this place no stars but my phone wasnt letting me. Not sure where they found a cook that doesnt know how to cook a burger but they did. My girlfriends burger was undercooked but mine was overcooked and dry. There was a brown leaf stuck to the outside of my burger and when I asked about it at the counter I was told it was lettuce and the worker took it from me. Ive made enough salads in my life to know what lettuce looks like. Sat down to eat lunch and watch nearly every order brought back to the counter. I couldnt even wash the taste of the bad food out of my mouth because there was only one option on their soda machine that was working and i dont drink caffeine. For just opening up this place is horribly prepared. This guy at the counter ordered a salad and they didnt let him know they were out of dressing until he got his food. This sounds sad but i would strongly advise anyone looking for a burger to either drive to a mcdonalds or go to the fresh and easy next door and make your own burger.
1	Takes so long I turned off my emgine, damn how long does it take to make burger?  Well I'm a personal chef and I know it takes 6-8 minutes for a damn burger, this takes 30 mins.  Update on taste later
5	Outstanding! $5 for a big burger, great fries, and a drink?? The quality of food would have you thinking it should be a $10 meal. This place has McDonald's prices with Red Robin quality. Wonderfully friendly service, you can watch the cooks prepare your food while you wait, it's a privately owned franchise and you can tell the owners put their hearts into it. Simple In-and-out style menu but 10x better. I can't wait until I'm hungry again so I can try the Pastrami burger. If you're in the area and want a quick bite to eat but are tired of fast food, give this place a shot. There is a drive-thru, but stick around, go inside, enjoy the service and the free Robertto's style condiments to crown on top of your undoubtedly delicious burger. Big big thumbs up.I don't know what is with all the negative reviews. I haven't tried the drive-thru and I heard it's slow but I eat inside to get the condiments and enjoy my food on the spot.  I probably over-hyped it but if you guys really don't enjoy this food then that is way cool with me because I'll never have to wait in line here.  I am a regular after two days.  Never going to Burger King/McDonald's again when I can get something here that's the same cost but 100x better.
3	Great burgers and fries. Everything was very fresh tasting, so don't expect to be in and out in a flash. I was sad that they didn't have ice cream for the milkshakes, but maybe next time. So, the staff was nice. I would say that I'm not a fan of hearing about staff personal lives, that was a little annoying. Not sure what it was, but there was also a "sewer-like" odor when we first walked in. The staff apparently couldn't smell it and another customer also noticed it. The explanation was "I don't smell it, but it's probably just this area". Yeah, no...it's only inside the store. We will probably go again...you can't go wrong with good burgers and fries.
5	Awesome food and service. Best pastrami I've had in a long time. It was not dripping in fat and was good quality. Huge portions with great flavor. It was about a 10 minute wait for the food but it was worth the wait because everything was fresh and made when I ordered.
2	After reading most of the reviews, I was a bit skeptical of coming here. But to be fair, I got to give these guys a chance so I can verify on my own.From my observation, they still need a little more work. The building they are in is not well lit at all. Their sign by the road and on the actual restaurant is pretty small. So if you are not actively looking to the side of the road, you will not know this place exists. Coming from the parking lot, there is no clear path going to the entrance because of how the landscape is. There are a bunch of small bushes you have to make your way around.When you enter, you cant help but smell a certain odor. It's not strong, but enough for you to notice. The only way I can describe it is that it almost smells rancid. This alone will not make me want to come here that much sooner. They have about 8 tables inside and about 4 outside. Their menu is pretty much self explanatory. You got your basic burgers and sandwiches along with salads and kids meals. On their take home menu, everything is the same except for the breakfast section. That's just it. They don't serve breakfast. Not at all. I asked at least two people behind the counter why is it on the take home menu. They said they used to serve breakfast but stopped doing it. I asked why and they couldn't answer me. Lame. It shouldn't be on the menu then.They also advertise that they have free wifi. Another fail. I did a search and there was a Wimpy's wifi signal so I tried to connect to it. The signal was so weak that my phone could not hook up to it at all. Talk about a Wimpy signal. (pun intended).So enough of the negatives. There is actually a light at the end of the tunnel. Not very big, but enough to warrant mentioning.I ordered the Pastrami Burger meal, which comes with fries and a drink. Total came out to around 8 bucks and some change. Not bad for a 1/3 pound patty with a decent amount of pastrami. Also came with onions, tomatoes, mayo, and lettuce. The best way I can describe the fries are that they a little smaller than steak fries. Imo, I think the fries need a little more work. Kind of bland I thought. And that was with salt too.Service was pretty good. The only thing that would bring it down would be if the place was packed because you only have one register so that would slow things down a lot. Business hours are Sunday through Thursday 9 am to 11 pm and 9 am to midnight Friday and Saturday So in closing, I think the only saving grace was the burger I got. It was actually pretty good, a nice size, and it filled me up. If you are in the North side of Vegas, check it out and let me know if anything has changed. Just don't go out of your way to come here. Of course I will make another trip in the distant future hoping that things will only get better. Until then, 2 stars.
2	My first visit I waited 20 minutes in the drive tru only 4 cars ahead of me. Food was what I was expecting charbroiled burger that you can get in any corner in california. The food gets a 3.5 stars. Bacon avocado burger was good. Fries were OK. Pepsi fountain drink.2nd visit after 4 minutes in the drive tru Window without a Hello or please wait... I reversed out. I called the manager and let him know why he was getting 2 stars. He mentioned making everything from scratch takes time and the crew is all new locals who obviously don't have drive tru experience. I don't mind waiting for good food. In fact I went to in n out which is down the street. 6 cars in front of me.. 9 minute wait. I might give this place a try again..but with so many options in the area... it's not going to be soon.
5	Try this place out! Drive thru times are improving!  These guys are making burgers from half inch thick 100% pure beef patties that take time to cook.  They are delicious as all-get-out, but they take time to make. If there are three cars in front of you that is a decent wait.  This is an amazing restaurant with friendly staff and great food.  Almost every complaint on here originates from the drive thru wait times which are admittedly long compared to McDonald's. However, you're not getting McDonald's food.  I would relate this drive thru to Farmer Boys when they're busy...  Update - George is making considerable changes to the drive thru in order to cut-down on wait times by utilizing several techniques such as a "Order-pay at window-park in lot to receive food hand delivered to your vehicle" process which should significantly expedite the wait.  He is also investing in a camera with real time CCTV in the store to be able to track the vehicle model/color to ensure accuracy upon delivery.  When he opened a few weeks ago he could've hired out of town experts to man his store but decided to hire local to support the community.  It took time to train the employees on systems such as the POS computer.  Now that they've all been working fairly regularly and have vetted themselves against rushes, the entire process is becoming streamlined and I get my order faster and faster each time I visit. Today I waited four minutes from walk-in to food in hand with no surrendering of quality.  These guys stilltake their time to deliver a genuinely consistent product; however, they're fast learning how to not waste time while maintaining a friendly customer service demeanor.  This place is coming along great.  Those who have rated it so poorly should consider revisiting and reconsidering their out-of-date reviews.  Cheers!
4	The food was excellent! The only complaint that I had was the drive thru is slow. Next time, I will go inside.
4	We decided to try this place out for dinner tonight and I'm glad we did.  We went thru the drive-thru and from the time we ordered till we actually got our food was 12 minutes.  And we ordered 5 meals.  Price wasn't bad....spent $36 for 5 meals + a side of fried zucchini.  My husband ordered the pastrami burger and said it was delicious and had a good amount of pastrami' My daughter had the avocado burger ...needless to say it must have been good cuz it was gone in like 5 minutes.  My youngest daughter and My son both had the Jr. cheeseburger and they said it was delicious.  And I had the bacon burger.  It had a good amount of bacon and the bacon wasn't fatty....I can't stand fatty bacon' so it was perfect.  With the meal we all got fries and My husband and kids said that they could've had a little more salt but for me they were perfect cuz I don't like a lot of salt.  And the bag was a big size cuz we couldn't finish them after eating the burger.  And u get a drink which I think is a medium.  I actually thought it was going to be a small sized cup but it was a decent size as well.  And the fried zuchinji was delicious as well and was just over $3 and u get a lot for the price.  So overall we loved the food and the portion size.   I'm hoping they get slightly quicker at the drive thru so I can give them 5 stars.   But, great place and we will go there again for sure.   We needed a place like this in this area.
2	My first review, my girlfriend and I got done shopping and decided to get something fast. I know a lot of complaints in the drive thru but I guess they worked on it . Took about 12 mins not bad if its real beef. I appreciate a fully cooked burger, that being said my fiance had the avocado burger and was a little pink and halfway through found either a small hair or sometype of fruit fiber looking thing buuuuut we decided on it being a coarse hair and promptly stopped eating. I had the bacon cheeseburger, good but patty was kind of bland. Needs some type of seasoning and  the fries the same.       If you're rolling by its worth spending the same amout for In-n-out up the street. The zucchini fries are proabably the best thing coming out of that place. Hope the owner sees the reviews to make the necessary plans on saving it. I like the concept of small businesses or a least and alternative to all the other corporate monsters.
5	I come here all the time. Bacon cheeseburger all the way! The patties are nice and thick and juicy, and the bacon is good and crispy and bacon-y. Haven't been through the drive-thru. Try getting out of your car and going inside to eat. There are other condiments available inside as well. Mmmmm.Anyway, seems pretty clean. Prices are fair. Fries are nice and crispy, drinks are large.
4	I come here often. The food is great, but you have to double check your order. It is a newer restaurant that is still getting used to things. The POS system still needs work. The staff is friendly and I have met the owners, they are a good family.
1	This place has some issues to work out. Walking in the smell of sewage was overwhelming. Everyone I was with decided to just walk out and eat somewhere else. The smell was so bad it made my stomach feel sick. The employees opened the door and made waiving motions trying to get the stench out. Something that smells that bad needs more attention over a open door. The employees were laughing and seemed to find it funny. One of them also had a hat but no hair net and kept tugging at her hair and rubbing her nose.
4	Came here with low expectations based on the overall reviews, but I must say I was very happy.Came through at 8:30pm.  We were the only car and waited 20 minutes in the drive-thru.  The plus is the food was fresh and hot.As for the food...I ordered the bacon cheeseburger, which I found to be very good.  Didn't beat In-N-Out, but I did find it more enjoyable than Five Guys.The rest of the family has the "shicken" strips.  The were seasoned nicely, and decent size.  Everyone was happy.The sides...fries were good; and while the onion rings were legit, the weren't seasoned enough.  I'd stick with just the fries next time.Finally, the kids had milkshakes.  The plus is that they were real milkshakes.  Unfortunately, they were too milky & short on flavor.$30 for a family of 4, including the milkshakes.  More than I'd like to spend for a quick dinner after baseball practice, but we all felt the food was good and everyone was full.  We'll certainly be back to give it another shot.
3	This place needs some improvement and I'm not gonna be too harsh on them since they are new and are probably still getting a hang of things.When I first walked in, I was the only customer in line. There was a cashier and a manager (probably owner) at the register doing some cash handling/drawer type stuff for about a good 2 minutes it seemed without acknowledging my presence. I understand they were totally focused on doing their cash handling business but a quick "Hello, we'll be with you in a moment" would have been appreciated. It was NYE so I didn't get upset because I didn't want no tricks to be killin' my vibe. I just kinda let it go and browsed the menu while they counted their drawer. When they were finally done, the friendly cashier took my order and while I was getting my drink, I witnessed a gentleman pick up his to go order. The girl repeated his order and I heard him say "it was supposed to be no tomatoes." And I just watched the girl just say "oh, sorrry." There was a pause for a moment then she says "your total comes to..." The guy just payed and walked away figuring it's just a lost cause. Maybe he didn't want his vibe killed either and just didn't want to bother.Upon selecting my table, I was defaulted to the least dirtiest one. The one that was closest to the bathroom that had a tinge of sewage smell mixed with air freshener. All the tables were dirty and the trash cans were full with trash hanging on the sides but none of the employees came out to clean until I was already done eating. And it was not busy, there was definitely some down time for someone to have checked the dining room. You got time to lean, you got time to clean.Okay, now on to the good. I ordered the pastrami burger which came out super juicy and cooked just right. The pastrami slices were not too thick--which I hate. I prefer thinner cuts of pastrami when it's sitting on my burger and this was perfect for me. The juices were running down the wrapper and my forearm which to me is always a good thing. Get your extra napkins by the condiment station. I have to say it is the best pastrami burger I've had in Vegas.The workers were all very friendly but they definitely need to improve on the cleanliness of the restaurant. I really do hope they stay around long because it will be my go to place for when I'm craving a thick juicy burger. I like the fact that it's also less than 5 minutes from my house. I don't really know if that's a good thing though . So bottom line 5 stars for the pastrami burger and 1 star for cleanliness of the restaurant. I hope that next time I visit these things will have improved because if not, it's definitely going to kill my vibe.
3	Average burger joint. Good value in a cheeseburger/fries and drink. Pastrami is decent but a little too greasy for me.
3	I've been here 3 times.  Twice thru the drive thru and the last time I dined in.  So glad I did.  One of the cooks (stawky white guy) wasn't wearing gloves.  Then he went to the restroom and bumped my chair and elbow in passing without a word. I went to use the bathroom and guess what, no paper towels.  So I used the blower which made a lot of noise.  That told me the cook failed to wash his hands.  When I walked out of the bathroom,  he had a hand full of bacon.  My friend had the bacon burger lol.  Oh,  did I mention that when he bent over all you saw was crack.  I'll go back but only if he's not there. The burgers and fries are great.
5	Seriously AMAZING! The Pastrami burger was so delicious and huge! Tons of pastrami! Also had a side if fries which were delicious and perfectly cooked and seasoned! Wonderful lunch for under 10bucks!
4	I liked it a lot the burgers were delicious and filling as were the fries.The inside does have a sewer odor.Good thing we are outside!I recommend it if you want a good burger that's cooked to order and not sitting under a heat lamp
3	I think by now, Wimpy's has worked out some of its kinds which plagued it from their grand opening day.  I'll admit that I won't go throught he drive-thru anymore, because on the two sole occasions doing so--mind you, this is when they first opened, it took about 30 minutes to get my food.  That being said, I have ordered at the counter and have eaten in-house, and the time to get my food wasn't all that long.  The burgers, themselves, are of good size and quality.  While fries are not healthy, they give you a lot of them for your money.  I enjoy their 1/3 pound cheeseburger, their avocado burger, and pastrami burger.  These are not sandwiches for the faint-hearted, because they are all very filling.  For the money, you get a lot.  It is a mom and pop place, and as such, service at the counter can vary.  I'd like to believe that they are doing their best, but the young crew needs a few lessons in public relations.  The place is clean, but there is a pervasive smell of, to me, "sewage," somewhere.  That's probably the only detraction in my review here.  Order out, and you'll avoid the smell entirely.
1	Was expecting better. Ordered a 1/3 pound cheeseburger and fries. The wait time was average. When I got home to eat a few minutes later, I was pretty disappointed. The fries were hot, but had no salt on them. There was also no ketchup or salt packets in the bad, so the fries were not that good. The burger was equally bland. There was no seasoning on it and I can tell that the burger was not fresh. It was cold and seems like it was grilled hours before. Frozen burgers, frozen fries, no flavor. Sad, I was expecting more.
5	Super nice staff, quick service and the pastrami burger was fantastic. What's not to love?
1	5/29/201412:30Ordered Pastrami sandwich fries, and coke. This is the fifth and last time for me. Pastrami is perfect one time and the next it is full of FAT and tuff. I have tried to be patient, but this was unbeatable this time. The don't care what they cook or how it is sliced, so good luck!!
5	I had the wimpy's breakfast burrito and have to say that this is by far the best breakfast burrito I have had in Las Vegas. This place is good and I will be coming back for sure. Plus the price is not too expensive. Good stuff.
2	The food is delicious and 40 percent of it. The 60 is customer service. While there food is great they seem to lack customer service. I've been there several times to give them the benefit of doubt yet there staff continues to be rude and snotty. I has ordered a sprite and the lady gave me what she wanted. She said all they has was some crappy knock off drink and didn't offer to replace it. I went through the drive through the third time and when I went to grab my change the guy pretty much threw it at my hand and dropped it on the floor. He looked at me and said oh my bad and just closed the window. To say the least the customer service is shitty and need better training.
3	Ate here for Mother's Day. We went around 12. Had no desserts. Wait staff was a little rude about things. The burger was dripping but not in a good way. Watery kind of. The fries were really good. Ordered the onion rings which came ice cold while the fries were piping hot. The pastrami burger was good but doesn't come with cheese and a whole slice of raw onion. It was filling but not up to InNOut burgers but bears their fries hands down. So-so meal.
1	Wimpy's is slow BUT above all else they failed to put the safety of their customers by lying to them. I noticed that they were not displaying their food rating. No matter what, they are required to display their rating. I asked where it was they said hanging in the office. I told them they are required to display it, she offered to go get it but I gave her the benefit of the doubt and ordered my food. BIG MISTAKE! They didn't have an "A" rating in fact I looked them up on the Heath District website and they have a "C" rating. They received 31 demerits. You know with Dirty Dining on channel 13 always showing us horrible conditions, I'm mad at the way they deceived us all who visited them after they received the citations. If they are willing to do this then how can we trust they'll make our food safely? Now we are all adults and I won't tell you not to eat at Wimpy's but I am telling you to eat at your own risk! And always look for the rating. Eat out safely everyone! I'm going to post my snap shot of the Heath Districts page.
5	Enormous Pastrami Sandwich was incredibly excellent! Lean cut of pastrami sliced thin. Perfect! Make it a meal and you get a drink and a huge bag of French fries that are perfectly seasoned and just the right amount of crunch about 1/4 pound it seems! My husband had their 1/3 Cheeseburger... All I hear him saying is "mmmmm!" My daughter had their corn dog meal which she loves as well! Great personable service! The owner was working in the back today creating these great sandwiches. He told me they are opening their 2nd location in California next month! I will be recommending this place to my friends . Good Job Wimpys!
5	I came here after I heard my coworker rave about the burgers and the price. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my husband ordered the bacon burger. My sandwich was amazing- the chicken was nicely grilled, fresh lettuce and tomato, buns are different than run of the mill places! The burger was tasty too - I only had a bite of my husbands burger. The price for the size is amazing - my sandwich was like 10 inches for 4.99. You can't get chicken sandwiches at in and out(other people compared this place to in and out). Also this is a family owned and operated business which is rare in vegas and I love to support that! Check out the desserts they are home made by the owners. I will defiantly be returning to try many more items on the menu. Try this place out !
5	I've passed by this place multiple times since they opened and I finally decided to try it after I noticed a coupon on the back of my receipt from Smiths. I had the free 1/3 lb burger with grilled onions and a strawberry shake, my husband had a 1/3 lb burger with cheese and bacon and we shared fries. Let me just say, we were not disappointed! The fries were great, the burgers were delicious (good size, great flavor, good buns, and I love that they didn't mind doing grilled onions), and the strawberry shake was better than in-n-outs. They also had great customer service and I like that the drive-thru is open late.
4	Had to try the pastrami burger since I've heard so much about it.  Stopped in after hitting a bucket of balls at the range at Aliante GC and since it was early, think I missed the lunch crowd.  Kind of in a out of the way location, but it's worth the hunt.  The pastrami was savory and piled high; also, they must grill some good Angus beef burgers because mine seemed leaner, but flavorful.  Generous amount of hot, crispy steak fries--plenty to share.  The staff were very welcoming and friendly, inquired a number of times if I needed anything else and if everything was alright.  Yes, everything was just fine and even though I live way over on the other side of the valley, I would be glad to make the long drive here to have another Wimpy's burger.
4	In fairness to these guys, I tried them out again after about 4 months since my last visit. The negatives that stood out for me were that the service was a bit slow and there was a rancid stench in the air almost like raw sewage.Well im happy to report that the smell is gone and the service is much better now.As usual, I got the Pastrami Burger along with Chili Cheese Fries that me and the fam shared. For you newbies, just get the Pastrami Burger. It's the best of both worlds. It's a huge burger and with the meal they give you a lot of fries.Not sure about the drive thru for I havnt tried it out yet. I remember the first few weeks these guys opened, that the service was really slow and that some folks actually waited about 40 minutes to get their orders. I think that has been worked on for I dont really see any recent reviews in regards slow service at the drive thru.Keep it up guys! Who knows, maybe the next time I go, I might be even more impressed and have to do another update.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #143 "Aint nuttin wimpy about the Pastrami Burger!"
3	Went here because we kept passing it and decided it was time to give it a try! Im glad I did, its very quite and the decor in the eating part is great with pocs from popeye it brings me back a little. I love the fries I used to eat these type of fries back home from little hole in the wall places with bomb food! The pastrami burger was good, pastrami was very tender,  smokey, and full of flavor. The burger was decent sized but could use a little more seasoning. Same goes for the fries zucchini.  The breading was nice and crunchy but it lacked in the flavor department. Overall I have no regrets stopping here and will go back for sure! I give this place a 3.5 and will explore more of the small but versatile menu..
2	It would only be fair that I update everyone about Wimpy's. Here is their new rating which they happily hung in public view I may add!!
2	Having been named after a dude with legendary burger cravings, I gotta say the expectations were pretty high... Also, burgers are my go-to, so I'm pretty critical of them. I've driven by this place 3 or 4 dozen times since I moved into the area, and finally just tried it. I bought the bacon cheeseburger combo. This burger had a lot of potential, but it was cooked too long making the meat really dry. The buns were toasted on the outside to the point where they were blackened a little and were hard. However, the choice of thousand island with caramelized onions (which were done almost to perfection by the way) added some flavor, making it edible. They gave me a LOT of fries, which I prefer, and they were nice and hot. My guess is the fry cook left the burger on the grill while he put down fresh fries, and ended up overcooking the meat. I'll probably give it another try, but I will wait until lunch time on a weekday when the burgers are flying fresh off the grill and I'm hoping I have better luck.
4	Mmmm, I'm from Cali and this reminds me of the many burger drive ins I grew up around.The food is great with huge portions. Its very satisfying.The service is so-so but I dont mind since the prices are pretty good for the amount of food you get.Make sure you get extra sauce for your fries and ASK FOR NAPKINS :)
4	So tried Wimpys for the first time today.  I had the Frisco burger and my fiance had the Bacon cheeseburger.  We both did combos not knowing how huge the portion of fries was.  The food was good and reasonably priced.  The only negative is that they don't have music in the dining area so you can hear the staff playing their music in the back and their conversations.  Overall was good and would go back.
4	One of my favorite burger places hidden secret. I hope everyone finds out they deserve the business. They have home made baklava for real!
2	I have gone to this location about 15 times in 2 years and i keep trying to give them a chance because they are newer and there are not many options in this ares but they always let me down. If you want to keep you food down don't go inside the store is not kept up well use the drive through but be prepared to wait.  Poor customer service.The food is ok if by chance they happen to get your order correct
4	Good food, decent price. Customer service almost non existent. Shake machine seems to Brake a lot. But still eat here 1-2 month for the food.
4	Great Burgers!! Wish we had more of these in town. Food was fresh and fast. Great menu selections.....fast food prices, restaurant quality food!!
5	Have been going back and I love this place. More ppl should come out. Have had the pastrami burger, avocado burger and bacon cheeseburger. All very good and their wait time at the drive thru has shortened considerably. Make the drive or stop by. Way better than InAndOut.
3	The French fries were extremely fresh and have the same flavor as McDonald's fries and were a little on the salty side. The burger was decent but nothing spectacular. The cashier was pretty friendly.  We feel that they should add what comes with the burger on the menu. They have the cheapest plastic ware but give you your food on really nice heavy plates; contradiction in itself. We wouldn't go out of our way to eat here but if we passed by we might stop.
1	Discovered Wimpy's (the only one in the Valley) about 7 mos. ago.  Ordered A Junior Cheeseburger and was surprised about how wonderful a fast food burger could be (fresh lettuce/tomatoes/etc).  I ate it in my car and drove around again to order one for my husband.  He really liked it and the French fried potatoes.  I subsequently kept buying the same burgers (about 2x/month).  Alas, then I went through the drive-thru on a Sunday around 7pm (it was hot and I didn't want to cook)....the burger buns were mushy and the hamburger was cold.  It was OK....but not what I expected. And, I had to wait at the drive-thru 25 minutes.   Somewhere along the line my husband and I drove thru again...he order the burger and I ordered the Pastrami sandwich...both very tasty (we ate in the car).  Thinking this was just a fluke, I ordered 2 pastrami sandwiches and 1 order of fried onion rings.  The total was $16+.  Now I only live about 5 minutes from Wimpy's.  I set everything up.....DISASTER!!!  The pastrami was inedible (cold, fat with silver backings, tough) and the onion rings were totally greasy and limp.  My husband had a pile of fat on his plate and couldn't eat it....I, on the other hand, took a fork and sharp knife to salvage 1/2 the sandwich....he ate 2 onion rings...I ate 3.  I put all of it in a gallon ziplock until Monday's garbage pickup.  The next day I was so upset.....I went to Wimpy's to talk to the owner...he was in California to open up another restaurant.  I did, in fact, speak to a nephew (Aaron).  I explained how unhappy I was and suggested they don't serve pastrami if it wasn't good quality meat.  I also told him that if that was the first sandwich I had purchased at Wimpy's....then I would never have come back again.  His response was "Would you like a soda".  So much for customer service.  At this point in time, I cannot fathom going back there again.  I've also told several of my friends to rethink about eating there.  Wimpy's.....you can't afford to do food badly....you will lose business quickly.
3	My husband wanted to try this place out.  We went through the drive-thru.  He order a avocado burger w/ cheese & bacon.  It took awhile to get through the drive-thru (service kind of slow).  Then once we got to the window you can smell the funk coming from inside the place.  Omg it smelled horrible!  I have heard of it being a funky smell inside but man I never was prepared for that type of smell. (That was the main reason why I personally didn't want any food from there). So we received his food and there was no cheese on his burger. He gave them the burger back and then they told us to pull around to the front so they can remake the burger. Why they have to remake the burger and just put cheese on it not too sure.  And why we had to pull up to the front when there no vehicles in the drive-thru not too sure about that one either.  Anywho the food was pretty good.. I tried some of my husbands food. He said he liked it as well but this place isn't worth going out of the way for.
1	This place sucks slow service terrible food and their chili is almost as bad as tommys hamburgers. Got the avocado burger and chili cheese fries yuck ate 4 fries out of a tray of trash.  The burger I did eat the patty cheese and one of the buns but the rest my dog liked maybe they should start selling dog food instead she loved the rest of the burger, but I love my dog so I wouldn't even feed the chili fries to her. This is my second time here as the first time was better but far from great.  Stay away from this place.
5	Oh my gosh, we went here today, best burgers in VEGAS!!!  I am very picky about burgers these were AWESOME!!  Juicy, lots of flavor and cheese!  They have anything you want to put on a burger, and will make it anyway you want.  I got the 1/3 cheeseburger combo, with fries, awesome!  My friend got the fried zucchini, huge portion, it was at least 5 inches and 10 spears..big ones no little chain ones!   You can also get 2-1 coupons at the Smiths around the corner.  This one was on the corner of Centennial and 5th.  We will be going back!
1	Horrible. Granted I went here almost 4 months ago and maybe its changed but when i wen it was bad. I went through the drive thru. You could overly tell the burger was a frozen patty I  took two bites and ended up throwing it away. I also got a choc. milkshake that i tossed in the trash. You could taste that the ice cream was frost bitten. Never going back, sorry.
5	This place is very, very underrated. I can't believe I just discovered this place. I found out about them because Smiths grocery store always advertise them on the back of our receipts. I decided to give them a try and was impressed. The first thing that impressed me was how clean the cooks were. When I started to order the cook saw me and immediately washed his hands and put on his gloves. Now that is respect for your customers. Me and my son decided to eat in and the only complaint I had was while we are waiting, there is no TV in the place (hint, hint Wimpy's, lolol). I also noticed that most of their business is drive through. The drive through stayed busy during our visit. I ordered the Avocado burger and they did not disappoint. They give you a lot of slices and the burger was neatly made and hot. They have very affordable prices. I am a fan and I will definitely be back. Las Vegas, please support these small businesses especially these hidden gems.
3	This was my first time at Wimpys and it was nothing special to me. However I was comparing it to In N Out as that's what I should have ate.Food: I ordered the Pastrami burger meal. I wish I had just got a cheeseburger instead. The Pastrami was not tasty whatsoever and I think they were choosing quantity over quality as there was a mountain of it, I gave it to my dog. The burger itself without the pastrami was actually decent and filling. The fries were hot and fresh so I have no complaints about them. We also got a side of fried zucchini strips and those were delicious, I'm not a big veggie guy but I would go just to order those.Service: We used the drive thru at about 7pm with one car ahead of us and it took what felt like an eternity. Now like I said earlier the food is fresh so I'm not expecting it in 5 mins but we waited close to 20 mins, I could of got food at a restaurant at that speed.Staff: The lady who took my order seemed nice and pleasant until I added food I forgot to order before I got to the window. She seemed irritated by it and even gave us a bit of an attitude when we asked to see how large the juice containers were and decided not to get either.Everything cost around $15 so the price was not bad. I will be going to In N Out from now on as it's about 1 mile away. Shame on me for not doing that in the first place.
5	So in my last review I said I would stick to In N Out but my wife wanted fried zucchini strips and I gave in to a burger. Here was my return experience.Interior: I intended on using the drive thru but it was closed so inside I go. It looked like your average fast food place with a bunch of seating and it had a lot of cartoon artwork on the walls.Food: I tried the avocado burger tonight and it was delicious. They were not shy with the amount of avocado and it had thousand island dressing on it. I'm extremely sad to say this but I enjoyed it more than In N Out. :( They gave me skinny fries tonight instead of the ones from last time, I don't know if you can order different varieties or if certain meals come with different fries. Either way the whole meal was good and better than my initial impression.Staff: The service was also better tonight and the staff seemed to be in a better mood. I would be happy if I was getting out of work in an hour also.I will be coming back for the avocado burger soon. You now have a loyal customer.
2	Customer service is horrible! Not one "Thank you" on my visit (My receipt says Josh). Improve your customer service, and you might make up for the wait time. Food is okay...
4	I thought the food was good. Haven't ate at Whimpy's since there was one in Woodfield Mall Schaumburg, IL.
2	One Star: good service. The girl working the counter was nice and knowledgeable. She knew what came on each sandwich and gave me options on the cheeses.One Star: meat quality. The burgers were juicy and the pastrami was tasty. Chicken sandwich was also good, not over cooked. -One Star: bread quality. Of the four sandwiches we ordered, all of the bread was soggy. -One Star: ordered well done fries. They were barely cooked. And VERY salty.-One Star: the wait time. Went inside since there was no one there. But still seemed to take awhile.
4	Their Jr. Cheeseburger is a great deal. Everything is made to order, so you have to wait a few extra minutes, but it's worth it. If you order the sides by themselves, they are huge! Their ranch for dipping is also really good. Friendly staff, it's a great place to go.
5	Love their burgers! Service is great, if you want a burger made with real ingredients try whimpys!
4	I thought I had reviewed this shop before but I'm glad I waited. My prior impression was of a long wait for an average burger but after a few months, I'm starting to make this my go to spot. One would think with In-n-Out right within a short drive, that would be the go to place. But I've never been real fond of InNOut. The reason that Wimpys is growing on me is the burger is distinctive,flavorful and filling. I'm still having flashbacks of yesterday's Pastrami Burger. Their fries are good too! The bag is so huge I'm convinced that it's impossible to eat the whole damned meal. I still need to try out other specialty items on the menu. I noticed that they now serve breakfast too. Not skimpy stuff but real hash browns, etc. I think if Wimpys learns to convey that their food is worth waiting for, they'd probably have more satisfied customers. If you remember the Wimpy in the cartoon, he wasn't going through the Drive-thru. This ain't McDonalds; bland and salted unhappy meals. Some things are worth waiting for.
5	I love their bacon cheeseburger. Big juicy meat with thick bacon and all the trimmings. And love the fried zucchini.  Yummy!  And not too bad on the pockets. My husband gets the pastrami burger and it's awesome. Filled with lots of yummy pastrami. Quite little place with cool whimpy cartoons on the wall. Love this little burger stand.
