5	Roaming through Vegas and tired?   Want to hide away from all the noise and the lights of The Strip?Parasol Down is the perfect place to do so.  Located in the Wynn Casino, it is a bar lounge area that is a part of two bars...the other being called Parasol Up (how cute....word play).Anywho....exhausted and needing booze and quiet our crew of four went to sit at the outside lounge of Parasol Down.  Sat on huge white cushioned wicker seats and sipped martini's.  We watched as a water wall flowed on a mini lake while colored lights illuminated the water.  I felt like I was in the Dumbo movie with the Pink Elephants montage...sans elephants.   As I lay sprawled across a wicker couch with booze in hand I looked up and saw Parasol Up's balcony.  One the balcony stood a group of guys all looking down at us.  Well actually they were looking down the shirt of a woman at another table....hee hee.  Boob shot!!!This place is prime for chilling out and vegging out after loosing all your money and being over stimulated with neon and noise.
5	Located in the swank Wynn, you approach this "lakeside" patio bar from the Casino above via a curved "Gone with the Wind" (sans Scarlett) style escalator that is very slow.  It is perfect for people watching as you descend.  There was line to enter the entire time we were there but somehow, we rocked in wiff no wait. They have a wide variety of creative cocktails and prices tend to run in the $14-$21 range.  Every 30 minutes or so, a different kind of light show would take off, sometimes with film, music and lake-water dynamics to accompany, other times just interesting light changes.  This patio bar, looks onto a lake with a big wall  "waterfall" at the opposite end. The waterfall (which doubles as a prop for films projected onto it during the light show) is backed by evergreen trees and completely blocks out the "Vegas".  Its easy to forget where you are. 5 Stars for an awesome chilled tempo and great staff, who were surprisingly and completely "au naturel"!
5	Our posse lucked out when we managed to secure a prime space on the outdoor balcony looking out onto a vast "lake" and waterfall sculpture/wall.  The blazing neon of the Strip was conveniently blocked by the forest of trees that encircled and framed the lake.  We reclined in our cushy chairs and comfy loungy sofa, sipped our deliciously overpriced drinks and chatted.  Our conversations were interrupted every once in a while by the interesting variety of light/water/cineplex shows.The whole experience was slightly surreal.  I think it was the  juxtaposition of such a quiet and serene spot in the midst of gaudy screaming Las Vegas.  A very delightful place that I hope to find myself again some day.
3	Turn that Parasol Downside Up..."Centrally located in the Wynn hotel this open lounge becomes the nexus of the Wynn universe. Depending on the time you hit it you'll see people cock-tailing before heading off to see a show, grab dinner or stand in line to get in to the Wynn's hot spot Tryst.  The drinks are carefully made, the wine list ranges from reasonable to outrageous and the pineapple and mango mojitos are a fresh remix on what's become a standard bar concoction.  Once you've settled into one of the many high-back sofas or chairs you can start to take in the scene that is Parasol Up. Beautiful people all buffed and polished ready to meet and greet fellow travelers some looking just to flirt, others looking to live the Vegas motto and make sure that 'What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas'
5	Had several martinis that contained extra-large olives stuffed with goat cheese. The hanging lights, carpeting and wall decorations really made an impression, not to mention the ridiculous outdoor area complete with waterfall...
1	i wish i could give this place no stars. i went there on a sunday in august. guy of the moment and i decided to sit outside by the fountains where they have those lovely lucite chairs set up. there were 2 other couples outside having drinks we waited and waited for the cocktail waitress we had seen socializing with the bartender to come out and get our drink orders but she never came finally we had to go inside and order our drinks and the bartender told us that someone would be right out with them nothing fancy just a beer and a mojito. we waited and waited in the mean time the useless ass cocktail waitress manages to spill a drink on someone and break the glass way to go girlfriend. we waited some more until finally my guy went inside to see his opened beer sitting there waiting to served so he has to ask the bartender if that was his beer and where the mojito is? my cocktail was delivered by my guy the mojito was mediocre but at this point i just wanted to leave. we asked the cocktail waitress for the check but of course she didn't come back with it so we had to go back into the bar and ask the bartender for the check. it seemed like having having customers pained him or something. i just wanted to yell i'm sorry to disturb you but you fucking work here.
5	While we lamented over our inability to be hip enough (or rich enough) to get into Tryst, we strategized our next move over additional cocktails at Parasol.I don't know if everyone that visits Wynn explicitly recognizes the expense and beauty of the appointments but I kept thinking about how expensive it was just to create all the recessed domed cavity lighting with all the curves and molding associated.  From an architectural perspective, it is a time consuming, pricey feature and somehow translates into a better drink.We had a great waitress, dressed in eye-candy servers garb and helpful to our plight.  She gave us her name and the name of the bouncer at Lure and the insiders playbook on how to get to the front.  Unfortunately, we were so comfortable at Parasol that we did not move on until Lure was closed.  Fortunately, though, that meant we somehow had become hip enough to get into Tryst.
3	So what was the purpose....you have Parasol Up and Parasol Down? So yea chillin at the Wynn waiting for Le Reve to start. Spent way too much money on drinks. Cocktails were innovative. But too many lookie loos. Don't get me wrong it's great people watching. But sometimes I like to turn it off. They have things like Louis XIII and Hine that are marked up 5000% so drinks are not the most inexpensive - sip slow and savor enjoy the scenery of the the cascading waterfall. Laugh at all the people who think they can afford to hang out there but they're really just window shopping and make fun of the guys who wallflower in the back while all these hot high maintenance women walk back and forth teasingly with the "uh huh -boy, can't have this" shake.
5	Oh, this place was true luxury.  With a creative drink menu and attentive cocktail servers, you really cannot ask for more when it comes to a relaxing night in Vegas.  You sit below a heater (on chilly desert nights) in comfortable plush couches and chairs, you have a table that feels miles away from everyone else, and on top of all of this you get to watch some free shows as entertainment from atop the glorious waterfall spurts forth every 30 minutes!
5	A great reprise from the madness outside.Something about the Wynn in general, gives me a sense of calm as opposed to the nervous titter of casino noise everywhere else.Parasol Down became my favorite spot when friends and I stumbled upon it around midnight and had no trouble getting a table.We sat and talked, drank and watched the little shows that would happen every hour.It was so good I took a different set of friends there Friday night and while there was a wait for a table this time and our waitress was slow and horribly inattentive, I still loved siting outside, watching the waterfall and telling my friends: "Wait for the frog.  No, dude,  we gotta see the giant frog.  It's almost 1:00AM.  It's gonna happen soon."Sometimes, it's worth it buying the $7.50 bottle of water.
4	I was in Vegas with my parents.  Dad had a conference to go to, and Mom and I tagged along.  Hey, it was a mini vacation and I got to take time off from work -- why not go?  My only request was to go see a show or two.  I was interested in the Producers (to see the Hoff in drag) or Spamalot.   The Hoff is no longer in the Producers so Spamalot it was.  We got the to Wynn early.  So we decided to get a drink before the show.   It was 6PM on Friday night, but we were able to get a table quickly.  We ordered our drinks.  The didn't have the Sauvignon Blanc that was on the wine list, but the one they did have was delicious.   Dad got his Whiskey Sour and didn't send it back or doctor it (see my review of Ralph Brennan's Jazz Kitchen).   We had a very nice relaxing wait.
4	What a beautiful little find in a hotel that is full of beautiful alcoves!!! I would suggest this bar day or night. They usually have a minimum because it is so full most days just to be aware. When you go down stairs it is really bright and luxurious feeling. I would get a glass of champagne and sit outside with a friend or a magazine or book you love and look at the pond outside that Steve Wynn made sure you see from all angles!! Yes, drinks are expensive at this place!!! It is super amazing and look to other reviews for inexpensive fantastic things in Vegas!So maybe I was channeling the Wynn, but I was there again last night. I sat downstairs at the bar and watched the flower show with my man very late, in fact we were the last ones at the inside bar. What a fun hidden little place! The bartender was very nice, there were no gaming machines at the bar and the cute water show was nice. Added to my tour guide spot immediately!!
4	A great little find nestled in between the casino and the waterfall of The Wynn Resort.  Sadly, we were en route to Lure to meet up with some friends when we found out it was closed for renovations ... Boo!  Not to mention it appears that 90% of the bars/lounges in Vegas close on Mondays ... WTF???Oh well, we landed at Parasol Up - Parasol Down waiting for the rest of our party.  We ended up here longer than originally planned laughing with the bartender (or rather he was laughing at our colorful convos.) and watching a hooker make the "sale" with a, ummmm, well .... not that visually appealing gentleman caller ... Even The Wynn can't completely rule out the lovely women of the street ... ;)Drinks here aren't any pricier than Tryst or any other bar in this town.  And in its defense, Steve the bartender pours a STIFF drink!
4	This is a very nice place to sit while at the Wynn and do some people watching.  Drink prices are reasonable (they have top-shelf stuff ater all) for the Wynn, and they have some pretty interesting cocktails.  You also get a little bowl of goodies (think peanuts, asian trail mix, dried fruit,etc) to consume with your drinks.I like Parasol Down around dinner, and watching people oogle over the curved escalators is pretty hilarious.  Parasol Up is better after dinner and later at night to watch the drunk people at the tables and going to the various clubs.  Not a bad stop in-between, but I couldn't imagine drinking here all night.
5	Looking for a place to have a relaxing afternoon drink in Vegas? Parasol Up Parasol Down is your spot! Sit outside (or inside if it's an inferno outside) and enjoy the views of the Wynn waterfalls and gorgeous trees. The service was great, and so was the wine list. One of my favorite spots in Vegas to relax.
4	Parasol Up is really chill...very loungey. Didn't get to try Parasol Down.  Everything is great about this place...the only thing that really bothered me a bit...itty bitty bit is that our server was pregnant~!! MAN~! She shouldn't be serving drinks inside a bar/casino/lounge where people are smoking~!! It's bad for the baby. I felt a bit bad for her, ya know?? But she looked good for a pregnant woman. They wear those cute short sparkly brown dresses. Cute. I want one. Anyway...the service is good. The drinks are yummy (but can you go wrong with a Cranberry Goose?). The ambiance is cool. A great place to hang out if you don't want to be in a crazy club in Vegas.
4	We went down those curvy escalators to check out the menus at Daniel Boulud and SW. Hubby remarked that unlike the curvy escalators at the Forum Shops, these ones moved smoothly. Parasol Down was very very well stocked. In fact, one of the more well stocked bars we've seen in a long long time. During the time of day that we went, the colors were just so uplifting and cheerful. Loads of people were standing around having their pictures taken which was definitely not fun nor cool for those sitting enjoying a drink at the lounge area. Tourists gathered in front in rows group after group, making lots of chatter. Not really a good enjoyable place for a drink during the day, but I'm sure in the evenings, it would be much better. Gorgeous vibrant 'parasols' align the ceiling creating this magical experience as you travel up and down those curvy escalators. WAY COOL.
4	A good little hotel bar, a lounge different from those you find at the other big casinos.  It overlooks the lake and at night there are several shows they have going on there you can watch.  The service can be slow as the servers also have to tend to the outside patio and can sometimes forget about you.  I thought it was great of them to take my friends shot and place it in an iced shot glass when he asked them to.  Its great for people watching, we saw Dwayne Wade coming out of the steakhouse while we sipped our drinks.
5	A perfect spot to lounge with your lady after negotiating thru the hustle and bustle of the strip. Sit back, enjoy the view of the lake and waterfall, sip on some cocktails and champange....really chill.We liked it so much, we visited Wynn twice just to hang out here.p.s. The cocktails are worth the expensive pricetag, well made. There is also a show over the waterfall periodically at night.
4	I think Jay H. nailed it in her review.  Great place to unwind and zone out for awhile.
5	This review is for Parasol Down only. Parasol Up looks terrible. But Parasol down is one of the my favorite things to do in Las Vegas. Sit outside on the patio, pay slightly too much for quality drinks (they poured a mean Old Fashioned for $12.50). Watch the water, the creepy Art Nouveau-wannabe light show (or a singing animatronic frog....seriously). It's an awesome place for a cold drink on a warm Vegas night.
5	Easily my favorite hotel lounge bar in Las Vegas.  Parasol is the type of place where I don't bat an eye at throwing down $15 for a fancy martini.  Even the dramatic entrance down on curving escalators lends itself well to the experience.The on-the-hour-every-hour show here is a stunning, visually stimulating and never disappoints - and akin to a hallucination episode.  The doorwoman noted that the "Lake of Dreams" show has six shows that rotate, and luckily I have seen three of them.  Late in the evening you can expect to wait for a seat on the terrace, but the wait is worth it if you've never experienced the show before.I agree with Brandon on the ambiance here.  Fancy, but understated with no hint of attitude. The bartenders inside are friendly and tipped me off to the amazing and divey Ellis Island, and for that I am indebted to them.
5	Plush and posh - Steve Wynn has done it again!  We waited about 10 minutes to get seated outside on a Friday night (beautiful weather even in October - I think it's time to leave Chicago and move out west :) and ordered two drinks (the special champagne cocktail with the raspberries is fantastic, pricey at $20, but totally worth it especially considering the free lake show).  Great service, ambiance and drinks - easily a Vegas must do!
5	We were going to sit down briefly at Parasol with our cocktails. We ended up staying for a couple hours for the chill atmosphere and tasty drinks. The waitresses are very sweet. Definitely a good place to go in between dinner and club.
4	I love Parasol Up and Parasol Down.  Parasol Down is outside right next to the water with heat lamps.  It's a great atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend coming here for some drinks.   Great service too!
5	Parasol Up is upstairs and is a little island in the casino, its a great place to meet up with people before dinner or pre-show. The seating and decor is comfortable and they provide a peckish snack with your cocktails. Sometimes some potato chips or a mix with wasabi peas, almonds, cranberries and sesame sticks. The drinks are also great. They have standard cocktails and a seasonal cocktail changes that changes and has unique offerings. For Parasol Down, there is both inside and outside seating. The outdoor seatings is very popular and I often see a line forming in the late afternoon. This is one of my favorite cocktail bars, the Pomegranate mojito is delish and they have a nice selection of microbrews.
4	P-UP is a little oasis. Always a fun place for a drink. More at night but good for viewage. Service is always good and the drinks are solid. Usually always an interesting crowd, couples, "singles", groups, Last time though there must have been a cigar convention going on, JFC, ," hey what's that thing hanging out of your mouth dude, "Joe Louis?  but had better things to do and moved along to TAO for something different.Will be back soon, see you there.
5	I spotted the statues in the pool outside of Parasol Down on a Vegas trip in 07, and made sure I stopped by on my next trip. The statues were gone, but they were replaced by several 'only-in-Vegas' elements, including a dance video projected onto the outer waterfall set to Patti LaBelle's Lady Marmalade, or the crazy dancing flowers that sprout from behind the waterfall, sway and move to the beat of some classical music for a few movements, then disappear again. Wild.My friend had one of the best cocktails any of us had ever tasted--a Black Cherry Fizz (think Cherry 7-Up with a kick). The prices were surprisingly normal, the service was polite and efficient, and the people watching was top-notch. I had to keep myself from going back the next day just to see what other surprises they had up their sleeves...
5	I thought this place was a trip!  The decor, the surprising entertainment and the staff made a visit to the Parasol Up- Parasol Down Lounge completely worthwhile! Located at the top and the bottom of the escalator, just past the Wynn lobby (Parasol Up is at the top, Parasol Down at the bottom)enormous two story windows offer excellent views of the huge man made lake outside.  At the other end of the lake you'll notice a large blank wall that looks a bit like a movie screen --- this is the surprising entertainment I was referring to.  Hang out there after dark and find out Steve Wynn's idea of contributing to your vacation video!Cocktails are solid --- martinis are nice and dry.  You'll enjoy yourself here.
4	Fancy!  Good place to see and be seen.  Since it's at the Wynn you know everything will be snazzy.  Very cool view of a trippy waterfall with an odd light show and lots of colorful um "parasols".  Eclectic array of people.  The drinks are overpriced but it's the Wynn.  What are ya gonna do.  Drink a little before you come and then suck it up and have a good time.Bring your pretty.
5	Parasol Down is better, way better... go there. The drinks are on the expensive side, but what isnt in Vegas? and they are not THAT expensive besides they are GOOD.If you are lucky enough to get a table outside (and by Lucky I mean get there early) you will have the best conversation and free show spot on the Strip (well, still thinking of that... VS Fontana Lounge @ Bellagio)Minimum is 1 drink per person to get to sit outside, but hmmm that is never a problem for me, my problem is actually the Maximum of drinks I can have before the kick me out (kidding, kidding)This is NOT a lounge, its just a way better then average Casino Bar.
4	Screw peanuts and pretzels for bar snacks, have some tasty home made potato chips. SO good they kept refilling my bowl and i kept eating. We first sat down here after walking from slots O fun long hot walk. The bartender said her specialty was a mango martini, usually don't go for the fu fu drinks but MAN was this drink good and strong! This bar is soothing to the eye and very relaxing, there is a great view of a water fall right out side from this bar. Very comfy and matchy with its colors. Def going back for drinks here next time I'm in town.
4	Review of Pasaol UpIdeal people watching location in the Wynn, especially of all the hotties & naughties heading to Tryst.Drinks were strong and pricey, but I enjoyed getting what I paid for!  The white cosmopolitan was really good.Chips were tasty!Service was a bit slow, but we were not in a hurry.Had great view of the outdoor water show too, including the scary big green frog???
4	Parasol Down Lounge has to be the most peaceful bar I've been to. They have fantastic drinks,  beautiful and friendly servers, and overlooking the  waterfall and the lake of dreams sets the perfect tone to relax and get drunk or just a pre or post diner drink.
4	Usually when I get off the plane from San Francisco to Vegas, my ultimate commute, I need a beverage. I don't like to drink that much on the plane anymore, even though I love landing buzzed (makes me less nervous and medicated when I think I'm going to die). I'll usually drop by my palace (aka The Palazzo for those who don't know yet) and head on over to the Wynn in order to sit down at Parasol Up, and sometimes downstairs outside at Parasol Down. Same place basically, just whether or not you're ready to be separated from your gambling addiction yet (inside upstairs) or want to be in front of the second waterfall (downstairs). Bar snacks are nasty in my opinion. Couldn't get any worse unless you're broke, starving, or incredibly drunk already. I love the snacks at this place. Tasty little oriental mixes, and not the cheap ones. Delicious wasabi covered peas, and seaweed wrapped little goodies, along with some peanuts and such. Delicious, and goes great with, well, any alcoholic drink in my opinion. I'm a strong drink kinda girl. I like to get things done, no pussy footin' around here with me, but I love their mojitos. Fresh sugar cane sticks and perfectly muddled mint. I have them make 'em wicked strong. Just killer. I drank six last time I was there. Let's just say I had an excellent time on the pole that night at Tryst. Just excellent. I bet that night was fun to watch, huh boys?
4	After dinner at SW, our group decided to have some drinks at Parasol Down (located conveniently steps away from SW) before heading to Blush. What a great little lounge. The view of the waterfall and outdoors is comforting and a nice backdrop for some casual drinks with another person or a group. Our waitress was nice and very prompt. If you are in the Wynn and want to unwind, this is a great place to do so. Although we only drank and relaxed at Parasol Down, I would definitely return to visit its upstairs sister, Parasol Up, the next time I am in Vegas and want a chic lounge.
4	Definitely agree with other reviewers that Parasol is a perfect spot for what I'd like to call a "transitional moment"--you know, a time when you find yourself wanting a spot to sit back and enjoy an alcoholic beverage but ultimately have other destinations you want to end up. I definitely can't see myself spending more than an hour or two at this lounge, but it (specifically, the Parasol Down portion) was the perfect place to unwind after dinner at SW and keep the buzz going until the next planned stop (Blush). Our cocktail server was really friendly and brought our drinks really quickly. Considering we were in the Wynn, the drinks weren't too overpriced. I believe it was about $80 or so for a round (plus a second for a few people). The seating situation was a little less than ideal for a group of 7; we had to pull up chairs from a bunch of other table and the table was a little too small to comfortably fit everyone's drinks. I also wasn't thrilled with the light level -- if it were a little earlier in the night, I'd be ok with the whole lounge being so brightly lit, but I think they could turn the lights down a notch and give the place a bit more atmosphere. Those small complaints aside, I was happy with the time we spent at Parasol. I definitely nominate it for the "Best Place to Stop on Your Way Somewhere Else" award!
5	What a cute and chic lounge!  Definitely do Parasol Down - it's got a better ambiance with the relaxing waterfall in the background.  The drinks are strong and they serve them with these fantastically greasy potato chips.  I got a white cosmo and a raspberry mojito (which I highly recommend).  We also got a glimpse of Mr. Steve Wynn himself who got a table on the other side of the patio.A great place to chill out at with your friends before starting your night!
4	There was a waiting list for a table in the downstairs lounge. Yes, of course there is, because it's Saturday night. The time was about 8:30p.m. My boyfriend and I wanted to chill there for a bit before heading out to a club. The wait was for about 20-30 minutes so we wandered upstairs and walked to the upstairs patio. That wasn't as crowded and I found a table right away. The water show was very...interesting. It had an Asian woman lip sync to a song. It made me think of the guy who sang the catwalk song. I thought it was a modern piece of art. The waterfall was very relaxing and it's a nice place to just chill with a drink, chat with friends and hang out. The drinks were a bit pricey $10-$15/drink. But I guess that's what you pay for ambiance. I do like this place. I'd recommended it. Two Thumbs up.
5	This is undisputably the best bar in Vegas.  Well, bar/lounge. Best bar/lounge. Best bar lounge without naked people.  Although I did totally "wass' up?" the hot cocktail waitress and try to imagine her naked.  The drinks here are always beautiful and well done, they have top shelf alcohol and snacks, and lovely seating areas with music turned low enough that the most important thing you are hearing is the conversation of your companions. Be smart enough to be spending time talking to people who are intelligent and entertaining and you will love this bar.
5	I Loved this place!  Stopped there before dinner at SW Steakhouse.  It was such a nice change from the usual frantic pace in Vegas.  I loved just sitting back, relaxing and enjoying my Mojito, the view, and the wonderful chips.  Several times, I had to remind myself I had dinner soon so I didn't eat too many!  My Mojito was absolutely fantastic too.
5	WOW!!! If you go to Vegas, you MUST come here. No questions asked.Let's get the bad stuff out of the way. The concept of waiting on tables seems completely lost on this staff, and drinks are way overpriced for the amount of magic juice delivered (expect to pay $14-20 per drink, and you'll definitely be wanting to get a few). It's a smoking lounge, but it's also Vegas, so live with it. And the only food they offer is potato chips. But that's where the nagging ends =). And they're very minor gripes considering how much AWESOME this place packs.So I'm not sure what separated "Parasol Up" and "Parasol Down," but you definitely want to get on the wait list for the outdoor seating area. It might take awhile, but it is sooo worth it. Take a peek at some pictures and you'll immediately know what I mean. The ambiance is just fantastic...you'll be on a porch looking over a lake surrounded by lush greenery with a vibrantly colored waterfall in the distance. With incredibly comfortable seats and outdoor heaters, you will be placed so deep into a comfort zone that you'll never want to leave. The music they play in the background is relaxing and not too loud for the most part, and is complemented by the soothing sounds of falling water. But despite how chill things will be during most of your stay here, you'll be delighted when Parasol Up - Parasol Down changes the pace...The cherry on top is that at every half hour, they'll play an incredibly creative show that will have you either watching in awe, or singing along, or just laughing hysterically. I won't go about spoiling any surprises for you; you'll have to discover that excitement yourself! But major props to the visionaries and engineers that make it all happen...it's pretty sweet.So, as usual, the Wynn goes far and beyond the call of duty and provides an unforgettable place to spend an evening with your friends. This place is definitely on my to do list on every Vegas trip in my future.
5	The wall of cascading water and the lone statues sticking out from the lake caught my friend's attention so we gave this place a try.  Who knew that a peaceful sanctuary existed amongst the hustle and bustle of Sin City?  We absolutely love this nifty little nook because it was quiet, cozy, and had delicious drinks.  I had the cranberry mojito and it was refreshing and scrumptious.  My friend went with their wine list and he claims that they have a pretty decent selection.  Sure, the drinks were pricey but hey, it's Vegas: it's expected.  So we spent the afternoon lounging at a bench by the water, drinking our drinks, eating their crispy chips, and simply just whittling our time away before having to get to our Phantom show.  It was great pit stop.
4	This was a really good place to visit for New Years Eve because if you get there early and keep ordering drinks you can keep your outside seating (very small area) in the parsol down and you can watch the fireworks without being outside on the strip with 5 billion other people. PLus they have music and the weirdest entertainment. They have these mini shows where like a giant frog comes over the screen and sings low rider. They have another one where you see the life and time of a flower. This is a good way to celebrate with a few friends--but they do not have food other than some trail mix so eat before you come. You dont have to pay a cover so you save the 300.00 you would have spent going to Tryst.
5	Absolutely gorgeous!! We decided to escape our hotels and visited the Wynn, where we got a table outside at Parasol Down. We rode the curvy escalators down under the colorful parasols - how do you make curvy escalators?!?! We were seated at a table outside. It was chilly but the heat lamps were aplenty and we ordered Irish Coffees to keep us warm. The patio is set down in a grotto with a lighted pool and huge grove of trees. The background lightshow was incredible, and the intermittent "performances" were like nothing I've ever seen! A great oasis to have a date or just escape from the Vegas madness.
4	I went to down after eating for a night cap. I was looking at going to up because they have cute cocktail waitresses serving drinks but I had company that wanted to smoke. At down, there is an open patio area with heat lamps. Vegas and heat lamps don't usually mix, but that night they were welcomed. I have read reviews on this place well before even setting a foot with high hopes. This place delivers on expectations. Even though the drinks were expensive, they aren't that much compared to other bar and lounges. Their specialty drinks are around 14 bucks and I really recommend trying one of those. I am usually a grey goose and redbull person but in vegas its a different story. Anywhere here will automatically charge you 5 bucks if redbull is your mixer. I heard it straight from the bartender at the casino bars and they don't even give you the can!
4	Now i can say this is my spot. Where else can i see such places? patio, overlooking, open air and heatlamps. Can anybody tell me? It wasnt planned and that makes it more exciting. We took the cab after loading up from social house @ TI -- got to Wynn, checked out some spot and the place was just gorgeouuuuus. more stars for the drinks, i love sweet-fruity tastes in mixed drinks, and i say they were waaaaaay better than the jade cocktails that stuck in my tastebuds from SF..Was tipsy hour before we went here, all the while i thought the place was "tropical dream"--i remember asking the pro. But i guess i was buzzing already so i did not catch that to yelp. Where the hell did that come from?
5	escape from vegas and just chillllllllllllll here....................perfect to start or cap off your vegas trip with good drinks good vibe good company. dont come here looking to get drunk - itll cost you an arm and a leg.  have a drink - enjoy the half hourly show at night. a must visit in any vegas trip. appreciate the creativity/the intellect/artisticbeauty/and just straight up geniusness that went into creating the experience of parasol up down.
5	Ahhhhh......relax......have a drink near a waterfall.......life is good!  Keep breathing when you get the bill though because cocktails are not cheap....but what do you expect?  You are at a Wynn property in Vegas!  You pay for the ambiance.
5	Descend into a unique fantasy hideaway where you can bask in the sun sipping smoothies & cocktails galore.  Let your eyes run for miles down the amazing body of water, gazing at the beautiful waterfall... serenity.  If attending after sundown, I hear the lighting outside is pretty spectacular.
4	Cool lounge / bar at the Wynn. They have a show outside which is their waterfall. The show has music, projected film and a few moving screens. It lasted about 5 minutes then it's back to getting tanked by a waterfall or under their mysterious umbrella like decor. I loved the ambiance of this one.
5	Parasol Up is a relaxing lounge away from the craziness of Vegas. It is located on the casino floor, but the parasol balloons shield away the hectic. The drinks are very yummy as well. I've tasted the pomegranate, mango, and raspberry drinks and all are great. This is definitely a place to check out when in Vegas.
4	I didn't actually realize that parasol up and parasol down were two separate locations....yes, silly me. But during my many trips to vegas in the past year (3 and counting..) I went to parasol up twice, and both times, the experience was a solid 4.5 stars.The drinks are absolutely delicious, and creative. I love how subtle the alcohol is. The flavors and ingredients used in each drink enhances the flavors perfectly, and is never over powering. The lounge like atmosphere makes for a great place to just relax and people watch, or catch up with friends. Half a star off because service can be incredibly slow, and its shame that such a fantastic lounge is situated right on the casino floor and opens into that. Not a big fan of the location.
4	We went here to grab a drink with my husband's family before dining at Strata located in the Wynn.  I didn't really realize what this bar was called until I saw some pics of it on Yelp.  The name definitely fits the bar though!  The bar is on the lower level and you come in from the top (casino level) and there is one escalator on each side that wraps around the bar and slowly brings you down to the action.  Everyone in our party enjoyed a glass of red/white wine, and it was getting close to reservation time, so we couldn't stay for more than one drink. The flower show, as one other yelper called it, is pretty decent.  It comes on every 30 mins. or so, and it is shown up against the waterfall area.  I will say the show is a bit crazy...its a combination of weird music, weirder images, and funky colors shown up against the waterfall area.  Its one of those shows you just have to see for yourself, and then you can try and describe it better than me ; )  There our tables out on the patio, but you may have to wait in a small line to get one of these.FYI...you have to ride the escalators back up to the main floor to use a restroom (only bad part I can remember).
5	Sit outside, get a drink, and enjoy a show that begins every 30 minutes.  The shows are short but is different every time and very entertaining.  And did I mention that it's FREE!!!
5	I have had much more than my share of cocktails in life.  When I think of the best I've ever had, there is no doubt in my mind... Parasol Down.  It is beautiful, it's the Wynn...  but really I'm just thinking of the drinks.  Drinks are expensive everywhere in Vegas so I am happy to pay the extra 4-5 bucks to have the best!
5	On our last night in Vegas, a friend and I were just looking for a nice place to relax and have a couple of drinks.  We found the perfect spot right at our hotel.  While Parasol Up looked fun, we opted for the relaxed outside lounge of Parasol Down.  From where we sat, we could see the half hourly shows out on the water and also take in all of the colors of the parasols inside.  While we were talking, we met a really nice guy who we found out was the manager of Parasol Up/Down.  He turned us on to the Chestnut Buttered Rum and all I can say is WOW.  It was the perfect drink to end a chilly evening.  Just thinking about it right now is making my mouth water!  Huge thanks to the manager for mentioning the buttered rum!Parasol Up/Down will definitely be a required stop for me on all future trips to Las Vegas.
5	Parasol Down is an incredible bar. Sit outside and enjoy the weather and classier crowds. They have a great mixed drink menu as well as amazing selections of cognacs and scotches. It's one of the most pleasant places I've visited in Vegas.
4	Continuation of my beloved Carol's Bachlorette party, we had drinks at Parasol inside of the Wynn Hotel. We where in the Parasol Up, since this is a two level Bar.. Didn't get a chance to make it to Parasol Down, but just walking into the Wynn Hotel to enter this bar is an experience in it's own. Once your seated in this lounge you actually forget your in a Las Vegas Casino. It's so elegant and classy and as you sip on your $8.00 rum and coke you have just sit back and take in all that's surrounds and the people your with and just live in the moment.
4	I absolutely love this place! I think its one of the best places on the strip for a chill night indoors and outdoors. The naming conventions are very creative and I love the outdoor show. I was there recently when Vegas was cold and the outdoors was not friendly at night. Despite so, they had ginormous heat lamps outside which kept our table almost hot to the touch and it was very pleasant to be outside watching the show.As a bar, this place also reigns in pretty high for me as they have such a large variety of cocktails, beers, hard liquor and regular drinks. Their bartenders are creative and the most important part ... there's a lot of alcohol in it! Sure it might be a little bit more than most other places on the strip but you're really paying for a kind of experience that's unparalleled in all my experiences at bars in Vegas.
5	Nearly all of the drinks my boyfriend and I got were amazing. We sat at the indoor lounge where it was warm because it was COLD outside! The Kiwi mixed drink was to die for with actual mashed up kiwis in the drink. I got a berry mixed drink and it was quite tasty too. Friendly waitress as well.
5	One the rare places in Vegas where you feel like your are not in Vegas, until the stunning light and sound show comes on the half hour. Huge pine trees block out the strip, and transport you to a surreal, remote dreamland.  Cigar friendly, good service, a wide variety of liquors and wonderful setting make this the perfect late night chill spot in Vegas.
5	What atrriffic place to unwind, located at a  key nexus at the Wynn, on the end of the casino and near the shopping esplanade with a waterfall view and spining fanciful giant colorful parasols create a dreamy idyllic Parsian flavor. The funriture is cushy and relaxing, really a treat!But the cocktails were some of teh best I've ever had! Really unusual concotions, truly a an alcohol game changer! The service was steller and veryy pretty too, I might note!
4	I'm a fan of both the Parasol Up and Parasol Down bars, two of the most elegant and inspiring spaces to enjoy a cocktail on the Strip. Have scheduled many a meeting here. They also feature some of the nicest creative cocktails courtesy of Wynn's resident mixologist Patricia Richards.
4	A great place to meet up, group up with people and have a beverage.. lovely decor...  I like down better... but both are nice.. great place if you want to meet someone and you are at the Wynn.. tell them to meet you here and enjoy some "down" time :)
4	Go and get your drink on, they got a cute view thing going on outside, the bar feels small and quaint although it is in the nexus of several of the top restaurants at the Wynn.  The Acai Kiwi drink is packed with vitamin C, so keep telling yourself you are doing yourself a favor and you are not downing more booze.  This place sure has attitude, if you have a need to have a fancy cocktail, which we all do about once a day than take the parasol down and have a drink.
4	If you want to relax and enjoy a cocktail in a beautiful setting- this is it.  If weather permits- I highly recommend the outdoor seating.  The waterfall is hypnotic.  It's an experience not to be missed.
4	Gorgeous, spacious bar with lots of table seating.  Up or Down, they are as equally as sexy.  Up is more of the traditional bar.  It's huge.  Down has more of a outdoor vibe with patio seating outside with the view of the huge fountain.  It's a bit chilly if it's not summer.  They are both great places to catch a casual cocktail and relax.
4	Take the world's only curving escalator down to this lounge at the Wynn resort and enjoy cocktails on a patio overlooking a waterfall which changes colors at night (a light show).  Spectacular is all I can say. Great, creative Vegas infused cocktails but had my usual Manhattan.  Fabulous-o!!!!!!!!
4	Love parasol up, good service. Parasol down for outdoor drinks
3	Yes, the outdoor seating is an oasis, and the view is amazing, the orbs are a trip and the giant frog doing Garth Brooks karaoke is a laugh. So go check it out, but be warned the waitresses are spread way to thin, I think the frog is actually there to make you forget you are waiting for a drink.
5	An Oasis tucked behind the fabulous walls of the Wynn!!! AHHHHHhhh...The hubz and I are totally Parasol Down fans because the sound of the waterfall is very relaxing...we had several drinks to rave about but to avoid replicating the wonderful and accurate reviews about the Acai Kiwi Smash...I'd like to say...order anything with mango...it'll floor you...it is worth the bucks so if the weather permits...sit outside and get a tan while sipping on some amazing drinks
4	I love coming to Parasol Down when I'm in town. The atmosphere is relaxed, with good service and a laid back yet classy feel that allows you to enjoy your beverage without feeling hurried or bothered by the waitstaff.
2	Very cute decor, and a nice view in the middle of the day, but the drinks are mediocre at best.
4	It's as expensive as any other bar in Vegas, but the drinks are good. And down parasol is absolutely hilarious with its wacky little show. When I was there last, Garth Brooks was playing at the Wynn so the singing frog had on a cowboy hat. It's the kind of cheese that I love about Vegas.
5	Went to the Parasol Lounge after my dinner at M for a few cocktails.  This lounge is unique in several ways.  Firstly it's divided in two parts: The Up- upstairs lounge and Down- (Obliviously) Downstairs.  Upstairs you get great cocktails and a nice spot on the Wynn floor.  Downstair you get possibly the best outdoor lounge Vegas has to offer.  The down lounge has a bar and outdoor seating area that feature a lake with a engulfing rainforest to surround the entire area.A large viewing screen offers entertainment throughout the night and the seasonal cocktails a really delicious.  Overall, the climate and feel of the lounge takes you away from Vegas for a minute and puts you in a tropical paradise; they just need a beach for perfection!
4	The key to this place is the Lake of Dreams. Instead getting to the lounge and sitting inside, get an outdoor seat and stay to watch the performance of the magic bubble. Drinks are expensive but strong. You get what you pay for here. The escalators are on a curve which makes it interesting.  But kitchy. It's really the show on the lake that you are there for. If you aren't going to see the show, you might as well go to a liquor store, buy some booze and drink in your room. The rating is for the lake/lounge area, not the service/drinks.
5	I love this bar. I'm sure someone will get all uppity about me calling it that...but it's a fancy bar with relatively comfy chairs in the Up part with a view of the casino and also drunkies leaving the club...and rather desirable seating at the Down part. Downstairs looks like an old cigar bar flanked by a steakhouse and I believe another restaurant. There is a patio that sits upon a large body of water and waterfall and they have some sort of show that I have yet to see...heard it was nice. I fancy the large lovely parasols hanging and ever so slightly twirling/ascending/descending.  The Parasols are enhanced on either side by two semi-circle escalators for experiencing both parts of this so-called lounge. Really pretty wherever you sit...it is obvious that Steve Wynn's goal was to have something aesthetically pleasing if not stunning. Parasol Up is where we imbibed this evening. It sort of reminds me of a boudoir, sorta frilly like Moulin Rouge or the like. When you have some of their signature cocktails, you might act like you're in a boudoir too! Here's what I had: Pear-asol... Absolut Pear with pear puree.. A++Dream (the signature drink): Perrier-Jouet Grand Brut with St- Germain Elderflower liqueur, Absolut Kurrant and a very lovely preserved hibiscus flower. I don't generally drink lots of champagne but this was phenomenal and knocked my socks off.They say that the more you drink, the less particular your taste becomes. Apparently not me...because I had a Mango with Yuzu drink after those two and it was not so good. Maybe because I don't really like Mango, and have no clue what Yuzu is...or maybe it was because it was last call (like 5am- ha!) and I just had two drinks better than most I've ever had in my life...either way, this one was not for me.Service was impeccable, our waitress was clearly observing us finishing our drinks from a distance. Despite me and the hubby finishing our drinks at different speeds, she didn't ask me for my next drink order when my glass was still 3/4 full. She appeared magically as soon as I finished my last swallow and had picked up the menu again.
4	The decor is nice. We met some good looking financial people there, meaning, those *smart people*. You HAVE to order a drink when you go in, regardless. One drink minimum to plant my 24K goldscrub butt in their chair. The service is sloooooooooooooooooooooow.Maybe because we looked like we have no money and wouldnt be able to pay. Well, as everywhere in Vegas, the booze prices are super high. But the malibu Rum was only $9 in a super small glass. Its ok to pick up hot guys.
5	Very sophisticated and beautiful setting. I highly recommend the White Sangria!! There appeared to be a dress code as I saw them turn several people away.
4	Great location and nummy drinks! The White Cosmo...sin in a cocktail glass!!!!
4	If you're looking for a quite tranquil place to sit and enjoy the company of friends and a cocktail, then this is the place.  We sat outside on their patio in their over-sized chairs.The white wine spritzer (pinot grigio) with a squeeze of lemon and lime was refreshing.  The "forest' and wall of water was beautiful and relaxing.  The statues sexy.  Service was ok, but we only ordered one drink each anyway. The clientele was on the older (40+) side and you could tell they were all deserving to be guests at the Wynn (meaning no shortage of cash).  I almost felt a little out of place, but if I find myself at the Wynn looking for a place to rest my legs, I'll be sure to stop here again.
4	This place is a must for drinks when you are in Vegas. It's a super chill atmosphere on a patio overlooking the lake and waterfall. Every 30 min or so, the waterfall disappears and a funky light show starts (it's different every time). We stayed for quite a while just to see what the next show would be like. The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because their prices are extremely high. I know it's Vegas, but still, 2 red bull and vodkas should NEVER cost $32!
5	Parasol Up is by far my favorite bar in Vegas!!!  Yes, it is a lobby bar, but it is the perfect people watching bar and always so much fun!!!However, I don't call it Parasol Up...I call it "The Frog Bar".  This is because if you sit at the bar you can see the top of the outside lightshow screen at the Wynn and if you are super lucky you get to see a giant frog take over the top of the screen.  Super freaky when you are loaded!!!This is just a small little bar with some lounge type seating, but it attracts all different types of people.  This is what makes a bar fun and interesting!!!  I have been here talking to hookers, blue collar cowboy types, snotty rich peeps, and have even seen celebrities hanging out...you just never know!!!  Plus, this is approximately where the line for Tryst ends up (or runs by depending on the night) so the club peeps usually pop in for a drink for the line.We have never had a bad time at this bar and ALL of the bartenders are so much fun (Heather and Arthur being our favorites, though!!!)  This is a must for us when we visit Vegas and I definitely recommend it to anyone else visiting!!!
5	Me and Jessie B were early for our evening shenanigans @ Blush so we stopped by Parasol Down for a drink. Well the drinks all sounded amazing. It was hard to decide but we did and we also ordered a couple of shots. Not only did they sound amazing..they were perfect! Such a great spot to chill out and do some people watching. Saturday night inVegas! I'm glad we stopped by. It was worth it.
4	I have always been impressed with the overall look and feel of Steve Wynn's properties. Parasol Up - Parasol Down is no exception to this, it's classy and beautiful, and I can't help but feel elegant sipping drinks while checking out the water show. This past Saturday was my third visit to Parasol Down (the lower half of the bar... never bothered with the upper half) and my first time sitting indoors. The patio area is a lovely place to sit but I didn't want to deal with the wait or the drink minimum. Sitting inside offers better people watching as well in my opinion. Parasol offers some really different, tasty drinks for $10-20... Yummy and strong. I went with the Pear-A-Sol, Dawn C. had the Lake of Dreams. We each also had a shot called the Cherry Bomb which was cherry liquor, cherry vodka and Red Bull - YUM! Service could be faster but this isn't really a place you go if you are in a rush, more of a nice chill stop to sip a drink, check out the crazy tourists and get ready for a night of booty shaking.
4	Beautiful setting, excellent service.  The drinks are excellent.  The one down-side is the limited food available.
5	There is a somewhat secret spot right near Parasol Up, somewhere I've taken many friends and dates to, but let me leave that place for last on this review ;)Parasol Up and Down has the perfect balance between the upscale and vibrant mood that Wynn is known for, and the relaxed, calm feel that is so hard to find at the peak hours of the Las Vegas nightlife.  The decor is spunky and wild, and filled with lots of jewel tones- it's in the same design pattern as the rest of the Wynn.  The interior designing at the resorts is themed as "Life Imitating Art", and both Parasols are decked out no differently.Parasol Up is filled with numerous couches and tables that are close enough to hear other groups' conversations- so don't take a date there to have an intimate talk.  It's more for your buddies to joke around loudly and be obnoxious :)  Oh, but keep in mind while doing so that this is Wynn, and not your redneck lodge cabin bar.Reserve the soft talk for Parasol Down, where the table are still somewhat close together (but more comfortable and softer), but it's quite secluded since it's in an alcove downstairs, and the traffic of people are either going to the lakeside bar or SW steakhouse.The special drinks menu at either Parasols are very nice- they are expensive compared to other bars, but you can tell why when you taste the drinks.  I ordered an $15 Asian-themed drink one time, and they used very exotic fruit juices for the drink, along with shreds of orange zest and small chunks of aloe inside the unusually tall glass.I wouldn't say that this bar is THE best bar in town because each bar in Vegas serves a different purpose.  One is more meant to chill at and watch people pass by, and others are meant for you to meet and mingle.  Like I've said previously though, Parasol has a good balance of both, and although it isn't cheap, you can see and taste where your money is going.Anyways, about Northview Terrace.   It's located right near Parasol Up, and it's quite secluded, in my opinion.  It's outdoors, so they have misting systems on in the summer and heat lamps in the winter, so it's nice to sit there and watch over the Lake Of Dreams, which features an artistic/abstract light show at every thirty minutes from when the sun sets (typically 8pm in the summer).  You'd be hard-pressed to mingle here, because the mood is very calm.  There is a small bar at the end of the terrace, and the drinks there are slightly cheaper than at the Parasols.Whichever bar you go to, you won't be disappointed.  Wynn employees are holding on to their jobs more than ever in this economy, so service will never be a problem.When you're at your hometown, you wake up in the morning and start your 9-5 job at Starbucks.When you're in Vegas, you wake up in the afternoon and no one will call you crazy if you start your night at a bar like Parasol.Yup yup, breath in the nightlife, you munchkins.
4	Parasol Down is actually one of my favorite spots on the Strip.  The cocktails are amazing.  In addition to the standard cocktails, there are always a handful of seasonal cocktails as well.  I have yet to be disappointed by any of the cocktails I have tried here.There are essentially two parts to Parasol Down - inside and outside.  Inside is small with relatively few seats.  Outside is the patio - you must wait to be seated by a hostess.  Personally, I prefer the inside.  Whether inside or outside, you are in the perfect viewing spot for the Lake of Dreams free show.My only complaint is that they no longer have the free, house-made potato chips as a bar snack.  There are some packaged chips on the menu for purchase now instead.  They were really delicious chips. :(
5	Parasol Down is usually a place I take out-of-town guests who I want to wow with New Vegas splendor (while still being supremely lazy).  You have to take the escalator down, and the wait for a table outside is typically 10-20 minutes.  But you can sit inside and have your first drink, looking up at the gorgeous parasols spinning slowly around...and around...and around....OK.  so.  The girl will call your name, give you a seat on the patio...and there you stay for the next two hours.  The drinks are steep, but pretty damn good.  I'm a fan of the pearasol something-or-other...but have never had a bad drink there.The real reason for hanging out on this patio though (besides the swanky music piped in and the comfy couches) is the gorgeous waterfall view and the "show" that plays out over the course of the evening.  It's quite difficult to describe...there are floating glowing orbs, dancing silhouettes, color shows...words really don't do it justice.  Random things come up out of the water, and from behind the waterfall...all in all, a subtle and entertaining backdrop to a great conversation with your guests.
3	This place is really cool to hangout at.  My friends and I got some fruity drinks and the effin black cherry vodka drink.  The latter is really strong, it gave me a headache.  I never get headaches, too.  My friends I were enjoying outselves until we saw what the waitress did.  She either made a mistake and charged our group the added graduity automatically (they were only supposed to do this if your group is 7+), or she thought we were not paying attention/buzzed/drunk that we wouldn't notice.  Yeah right! I know how servers (and people in general) are and I always keep my receipts.  I'm not going to say any names, but just pay attention to your receipts or you can get screwed over.  I've had it happen to me a few times and seen it happen to my friends.  Good thing the manager was nice about it, but then again it's her job to be.
4	My friends and I stopped at this place after an afternoon of shopping at the Wynn. This a cute lounge with a great view of the waterfall, they have sitting outside and inside, both are great.And they do have great cocktails, try them, you should not only stick to beer like I saw many doing that afternoon.If you are in the area and need to sit down for a bit and have a chat with a wonderful drink, come here you will not regret it....
5	Turn of the Century style and class, all that's missing is the absinthe and the handle bar mustaches!I love Parasol Up - Parasol Down for two reasons:  The atmosphere and the drinks.  Sitting in the parlor-styled bar between SW steakhouse and Daniel Boulud (is it closed?) makes for great people watching.  Lots to see and entertain yourself with.  The colors and decor of this quaint spot really make you feel like you're on your way to West Egg to meet up with Gatsby and crew.If you have nice weather, sit outside, and get ready for a magnificent experience.  The light show on the water is dazzling, and sipping a well-crafted cocktail only adds to the enjoyment.I sat here with my parents when they were in town for a drink, and look back on it as a truly perfect experience.  I love my P's of course, but its rare that I find myself sitting with them friends instead of parent/child.  This place transcends many age gaps to provide a blank canvas that all can enjoy, while holding on to a sense of subtle style and confidence.  The drinks - While the list of scratch cocktails and libations features many great concoctions, there is only one drink for me, that is the manhattan.Parasol Up - Parasol Down takes the Manhattan, and gives it a modern makeover.  They infuse the whiskey with black tea and cherry flavors to create something beautifully dark and seductive.  Expect to pay Vegas prices for your cocktails($12-16), but at least these are made perfectly with innovation and attention to detail.Great spot all around, bring your out of towners here for an accessible and impressive experience.
4	Up had better, quicker service than Down but Down has the outdoor seating where you can see the singing frog show.  This was a very chill place to have meetings over drinks and the best choice for doing so in the Wynn.
5	This is by far my favorite place to grab a drink in Vegas!I always sit outside, as the view from the balcony is just spectacular: a reflection pool with a waterfall, surrounded by lush trees. They have a menu full of sugary martinis, and I stay away from those. Just a gin martini, please, dirty, with extra olives.Once you get your drink, just sit and relax. The atmosphere is so Vegas and so Zen at the same time. The waterfall has a calming effect but everything is perfection and glamour, down to the last detail.If you happen to come closer to the evening, stay for the show. The lights, the music and the frog are nice to watch.
5	Parasol Up looked like a good place to make a hook up if that's what your looking for. Very lah-to-dah if you know what I mean, and everyone was all dolled up.Parasol Down was where it was at for me. Comfortable and fun. When we got there, it was full and we were third in line for a table so they directed us inside to order a drink. Within 5 minutes the hostess came to get us and our drinks followed us outside. I got the Pear-A-Sol, made  with Absolute Pear Vodka, Belee Pear Liquor, pear puree and sweet and sour mix. It was a little sweet for me, but the White Cosmopolitan was to die for - really, really to die for.The real star here is the show. A wall of water, reflecting pool and trees in ever changing light was so delightful. When the show started (every 30 minutes) and everyone different - it was magical. Shapes, music, movement...taking techology to a new level. You have to see this to believe it.Very comfortable, right down to the overhead heaters with the just the right amount of warmth. Great service, delicious drinks ($13 range) and fun surroundings. I will be back!
5	A waitress named Crystal works here and she is WONDERFUL!  I don't like the WYNN really but service from this bar is pretty good.  My friend try to tip her an extra $40 for having her seat us down since it was super busy, and she said that it wasn't necessary and that she would NOT accept it.  WOW...in any case, we slipped her an extra $100 in her pocket and told her that if she looked at it, that we would never come here again....enough said. WYNN...no goodPARASOL UP...because of "Crystal"...good choice Wynn..
4	Excellent place to sit outside have a drink and order a cigar off the menu.  Beautiful setting next to the lake / waterfall. The provide the Cigar cutter.   Nice patio heaters that blend into the decor.  The music from the restaurant next door was blending too much into our music.
5	l like... =)
4	We came upon Parasol Down after exploring the hotel after a nice meal at Tableau. There were a bunch of people taking photos of the waterfall outside. After taking a look, we decided to take a break and grab a drink.Even though the weather was cool because of the winds, we opted to sit outside because the sun and the view was just gorgeous. Lauren, our server, was handling all of the tables on the patio. She was very friendly and personable. I ordered the East Meets West (mojito twist with lemon and lemongrass) and my boyfriend ordered a beer. The drink was delicious! But after reading a review, we ordered the Blue Cloud which to my boyfriend's dismay was pink. He didn't mutter a word when Lauren asked if he wanted anything else. But started laughing when he mentioned about the color of the drink. It's ok, men shouldn't be ashamed of drinking girly drinks! :) But the blue cloud was absolutely delicious. The flavors were SO good together. Because we wanted to walk around some more, we decided to chug the rest of the drinks and were on our way. Believe me, they may tasty fruity but they're potent...or maybe I just have really low tolerance to hard liquor because I was on fire minutes later!I would definitely head back there when and if I go back to Vegas. It may be pricey (we are at the Wynn of course) but the beautiful atmosphere, delicious drinks, and service completely made up for it.
4	This review is for Parasol Down.Me and my S.O. sat at the bar to kill some time before having dinner at S.W. The bartenders are awesome and funny. Friendly but not in your face. And I like sitting at the bar because I like watching them make drinks. Also, I never felt pressured to pay and leave even when we just had 1 drink each.They recommended the blue cloud and I loved it! had little fresh blueberries in it and was very tasty. Very chill spot and the people who were seated outside looked like they were having a good time. - 1 for expensive drinks. But hey, you're in Vegas. So I guess its expected.
4	This is a really awesome lounge/bar area to hang out. When you're walking towards this lounge you notice a balcony that hangs above overlooking the bar area and further, the lake with the giant waterfall. As you go down the escalator, you'll run into the great SW Steakhouse, and then a large glass wall where you can exit out onto the patio that situates above the lake. Every so often a giant frog will pop up above the waterfall, followed by a ridiculously crazy and colorful show of orbs. If you were on a little something else, it would be the craziest trip ever.
5	Really enjoyed the drink in front of the manmade lake, waterfall and the hourly entertainment. Highly recommended.
5	Nice lounge with an incredible view. A unique set of curved escalators take you down to this beautiful and well decorated lounge. Then step out to the patio where you're surrounded by water, a huge waterfall, statues all framed by large towering trees. Where did the rush and buzz of Vegas go? It feels like you're in a secluded area but in reality you're a few dozen yards from the strip. The cocktails and snacks are good. But the views and atmosphere is amazing. Perfect place to relax with a drink in the sunshine and soak up the feel.Exc - View!Good - None.Ave - Service, cocktails, snacks.Poor -  Food.WOULD I GO BACK? YES UNLESS THE VIEW CHANGES!
5	It's easy to say that Parasol Down has to be pretty close to what I call "paradise". This outdoor seating area (in the lower level of the Wynn) overlooks an amazing water feature and is surrounded by a forest of trees. Somehow it's hard to believe the busy strip is just outside these doors. I would HIGHLY recommend stopping here and trying one of their unique drinks on the cocktail menu (no food is offered on the menu here). It's the "perfect spot" to relax and enjoy the view.
4	Whenever I hang out on the north side of Vegas, I'll usually find myself coming here. Very cool atmosphere. Great service. And it's the Wynn.
4	There are bars in Vegas hotels, and there there is Parasol Up - Parasol Down.    Because it's more than $15 cocktails (which on tangent, are amazing if not a little on the sweet side) and a waterfall.  it's a respite from the Strip's endless march of tourism and card-snapping, somehow only feet away.  In that, with your other fellow patrons, you all get to breathe a little easy; soon enough, you'll be back in the slot clanging and guy-with-a-whalebone-drink shoving you into the street, missing that quiet.
2	cool place. It looks pretty but it is not like Chandelier(in Cosmo). This place truly is just for a quick drink not a true lounge more like a fancy bar. Good stop before heading into one of the hotel clubs but not a destination in and of itself. Waiting time is long....so go early
5	Hmmm - for 5 stars - a place needs to a) have great drinks b) have great service...and for extra credit - c) also provide great ambience (yes - that is the correct spelling - sc*** you yelp spell checker).  Parasol Up - Parasol Down delivers on a) b) and c). The drinks are OUTSTANDING. I tried the muddled cucumber (cucumber topped with ginger beer (non alcoholic) and the grapefruit strawberry collins. Both were amazing. The view overlooks a giant indoor pool with a waterfall inside the WYNN. Could not ask for a better view. Will definitely go back.
5	I dont even know where to start!! The hostess, Anise, was fantastic and gave us the best seat in the house - center and up front of the lake. It is the perfect place to enjoy a few drinks and just have a good time with whoever you are with. We saw 3 out of the 4 shows and each one was just aweesome. i was too hungry otherwise we would have stayed for the last one. Our waitress, Chanel, was extremely friendly and nice. You must go - it was romantic and drinks were great.
5	If anyone knows me, or has read many of my reviews they know I shy away from the strip. And by shy away from I mean completely avoid at all costs for the most part. Why? Because I'm a local and I've lived here all my life. I've seen casinos come and casinos go and I am under no illusion that 30 years from now the Wynn and Encore will be imploded and something new will be in their place. However, for right now I will review one of the most fabulous bar/lounges on the strip.Parasol Down can be easily overlooked if you're not looking for it. It is in The Wynn and can be located by looking for... well, the big hanging parasols and large glass windows that go out to the waterfall outside. I used to patronize Parasol when I worked as a promoter at Blush Boutique Nightclub in Wynn. It was a nightly ritual for me to go with one of my coworkers and enjoy a glass of wine. Parasol is known for great drinks and great service. The bartenders are also very knowledgeable and eager to please. I would certainly hope so though - they are working in the fabulous Wynn.There is a water show which I have never seen. When I worked at Wynn it was winter and I was not willing to go outside in a mini-dress to watch a water show. But I have heard good things about it.Parasol is CLASSY. Which I just can't bring myself to say about many destinations in Las Vegas, even if they are super expensive. But Parasol is classy in ambiance and service and it really must be experienced in person to understand.
4	I very much enjoy this spot, although it does get VERY crowded on weekends and can be difficult to snag a seat. The cocktails are first rate. They are made with care and taste delicious! Service is hit or miss, but this still remains my favorite place to grab a fancy cocktail on the Wynn property.
5	Parasol Up Parasol Down was my favorite drink in Las Vegas. They make a ginger cucumber cooler that is amazing. Staying in the Encore my group eventually made our way down to Parasol. As we descended down the curved escalator (so cool) and I saw the beautiful hanging parasols. They were breathtaking... I didnt even see the patio or the waterfall until we were all the way down. We sat outside and enjoyed our drinks on a beautiful hot LV day. The servers were super attentive and very nice, they circulated leaving you to chat and relax but still paying attention. My cucumber cooler was about $15, not bad for a specialty cocktail in a resort on the strip, but still a bit pricy for me. The drink was extremely well made, the only thing that would have improved my time there would either be if the water show was going or if they served better munchies.
5	We loved this place & visited both Up & Down. Their drinks are outstanding. I had the Dream, which is champagne with elderberry liquour and a candied hibiscus flower at the bottom of the glass. Holy cow! Plus the cucumber/ ginger beer drink is fabulous.  The ambiance is gorgeous with the waterfall and pine trees and the service is professional. This place is a treat away from the strip. Wynn does it again!
3	Gorgeous place to stop by and have a few drinks before heading out for the night. It can be a bit quiet, but the service is great.
4	Curved escalators... how cool is that? I had never seen a curved escalator until I went to Parasol Down at the Wynn. We spent some time down at the patio looking at the art that is partially submerged in the water. The lights show in the water outside is impressive! I also liked that the parasols in the ceiling slowly move up and down. I really stopped by here more for the aesthetics and novelty than the drinks.
4	Parasol Up is a circular lounge with delicious, amazing drinks near the lit-up trees by XS nightclub in the Wynn, Vegas. Drink list: A+We stumbled upon Parasol Up in search of a quick drink to start off a midday buzz and quickly became pleasantly surprised. It looks like a typical hotel lounge that could be in any one of the hotels on the strip, but their drink list is highly exceptional. When I order from drink lists at cocktail dens and wine bars, it's rare that I like all the drinks I try, but the drink I ordered (see light pink drink in photo) as well as my girlfriends were absolutely delicious. We were given a small complimentary snack mix to share too. *Parasol Down (downstairs) has the ambience, waterfall view and design concept.  When at the Wynn in Vegas, I'll definitely be back!
4	I'm a pretty big cheapskate, but I'm willing to spend money when it's worth it. And this bar is worth it. I'm a huge fan of Parasol Down, especially the outside area with a view of the lake.My advice about Wynn: head to this bar and grab yourself a Pear-a-Sol, the bar's signature drink. It'll run you $12, which is pretty reasonable for a nice drink in a nice bar in a nice casino. After your Pear-a-Sol, go sit yourself down at a bank of penny slots and play them as...slowly...as...possible. (Wynn has the best drink service at penny slots of anywhere on the Strip, in my experience.)
5	the best best best bar in vegas. try the white cosmopolitan, the pear-a-sol, and the strawberry and grapefruit collins.the collins doesn't taste like there's any alcohol in it, so ladies...  its perfect for us. get the buzz without the nasty flavor.the white cosmo and pear-a-sol are two fantastic martinis that give a great buzz (unless you're a heavy weight. i was drinking on an empty stomach..soo... yeah) and they're delicious.
5	Great bar/lounge.  We love staying at the Wynn, and we spend some time at the parasol bar every time we go.Great atmosphere, friendly bar tenders, good drinks.
5	The best cocktail bar on the strip.  Hands down.It's nice to know I don't have to shlep to downtown to get a decent craft cocktail.  They can make you whatever sugary crap drink you want, but really, make the bar tenders happy and get something respectable.  I have been here many times and I have never had bad service or a bad drink.  The patio is definitively where you want to be, what with the water and the lights and the shiny.  But be sure to put in and be ready to wait because this isn't a fast turn over sort of bar.
5	I LOVE the decor of this place! Wow! I love the reds, the violets, the lighting!Personally, I think Parasol Down is far better than Up because it feels a bit secluded from the casino upstairs and the view of the long ass line of people trying to get in the club. At P.D. you have a better view of the patio's waterfall and giant head. You'll see (if you haven't been).The drinks are yummy! I had the berry infusion (see pic). A great place to lounge, soak up the atmosphere, people watch and just chill!
5	The view and atmosphere is absolutely beautiful. Make sure you sit outside (Parasol Down) and catch the show. I went during the wintertime and was able to sit under the heaters.I had not eaten much that day and after a few cocktails, I got a little headache. After joking with our server about it, she brought out mixed nuts for me to snack on. I thought that was extremely kind of her and we tipped her nicely for being so attentive. Staff was extremely kind and made their presence known. The drinks are to die for and well worth the money. You stay will not be complete without a visit here. I cannot wait to return!
1	Wynn FAIL. I have been to Parasol Up a couple of times in recent weeks. Once, late night, after I saw Le Reve. The other was yesterday afternoon out with visiting friends.Visit 1: Late-night (midnight-ish), post-show, Tuesday night.Crap-py.My date and I went in and secured a sofa we liked, making sure we were in a space to (a) be seen by the staff, (b) be seen by our friend, and (c) better foster a conversation away from some of the busier spots. The first problem? The place was rolling along, but it was not overly busy. Staff was everywhere, and yet we waited for about 10 minutes before someone acknowledged us, much less took our order. As she was asking us what we wanted, she was also complaining about the slow bartenders. That didn't bode well either. That said, and knowing we had some time to kill, we tried not to be too bothered by a little delay. On with the chit-chat! After about 10 minutes, we asked where our drink order was. Our friend would be there in about 15 minutes, and we wanted a head start! She didn't laugh, she didn't crack a smile, she just wandered off and brought back warm white wine and a half-melted gin and tonic.Suffice to say, it did not improve. It didn't get worse, thankfully, but we quickly hightailed it out of there and the three of us did the late night thing at Firefly instead. The Parasol is pretty and physically comfortable, but the service and drinks were pretty bad.... and yet, I returned...Visit 2: Mid-afternoon, post-shopping, Sunday.The place was dead. We thought this would be a good thing. If we're 4 (soon to be 6) of the handful of patrons in the place, which looked to be well-staffed, we'll have a different experience, right?Right?!Um... no. In fact, it was worse.The highlights? (1) We were served the wrong drinks. She messed up the Crown and Coke someone else had (should be in a tall glass with lime; came out as a short glass sans citrus), serving the ill-made drink to the Diet Coke drinker. My wine was OK (she must have read the label to be sure) and the sangria my other friend ordered was OK. When we got the mixups taken care of on the Diet Coke and Crown and Coke (or so we thought), we told her that the soda tasted funny. She never brought another. Three of us tasted it and couldn't figure it out... until...(2) We got the bill and we were charged for a Jack and Coke that no one ordered. Turns out, that funny tasting soda was supposedly a Jack and Coke. I am not sure what's worse... that she then *argued* with us, blamed us ("well, I *heard* Jack and Coke"), and blamed the bartender ("he must have misunderstood me" and "he's old and in 2 major minority groups, I feel bad about him"), or that the drink was so weak that no one could tell the funny taste was whiskey.A serious W. T. F. situation, all the way around.(3) The service was TERRIBLE. We had to constantly flag her down. We had to remind her. My second glass of wine never did show up ("I told the bartender three times!" - I call shenanigans considering SHE brought the wine and poured it the first time). We even saw her walk past a table that she was obviously supposed to serve, then saw the patron go up to the server and tap her on the shoulder... repeatedly. Too busy chatting with her friends, she completely ignored the woman physically touching her to get her attention. Finally, the patron grabbed her drink off the tray and walked off.(4) Even the manager was useless. Shiney and smiley and full of platitudes, it was all gilding and no substance. She took off the Jack and Coke (duh?), acting as if it was a generous offer, then treated us like we were tourists she wouldn't have to deal with again in the future. Well, she's half right.Never again. I will sit at a bar in the casino proper before I go to Parasol Up again (is down different? It will take some serious cajoling to get me to find out).
4	When at Wynn make sure you take the opportunity to have a drink here. First of all the ladies are just sweet. So with plenty of eye candy all around you know you will be fine. You can sit inside or out but the patio is the place to be seen. They have a water show but that's not the draw for me. I love this place because it is one of the only place that you can get absinthe served in the old traditional style. Prices can be steep, cocktails are about $12, but you can get a nice bottle of white for under $40. Sit back and enjoy.
5	Favorite bar in Vegas. Classy and beautiful, and Parasol Up has the best people watching ever as it's kind of front and central to the casino, the walkways, etc. Plenty of great seating. And, the drinks aren't nearly as expensive as you'd think they'd be, for this setting.
5	Parasol Down is an awesome evening spot, I would call it a don't miss spot at least once during your Vegas life.  At night there is a free show in the lake with down time for talking and enjoying your company.  For me it comes into play on a Sunday after a long weekend of Vegas'ing.  The remainder of your party can sit sip a beer, Mojito, whatever and enjoy the shows that come on every half hour.During the day it is also nice but be warned the sun is blazing down on you.  Make sure to get a table with an umbrella and or be ready to burn...and sweat!
4	Both Parasol Up and Down are great places to go to in order to start a night. I usually go there with friends before hitting one of the clubs at Wynn/Encore or while counting down the time to a reservation at one of the many restaurants at Wynn/Encore. I prefer Parasol down because it's slightly quieter and has a more personal feel, Parasol Up however is open later and is more accessible (not sure if its 24 hours though). In addition to this, both bars have a great selection of spirits to choose from, including brands that aren't available at other higher end bars including Death's Door Gin.
3	A pretty decent hotel bar.
3	$14 a cocktail? Rip off! Better to park yourself at a table and get free drinks instead!
4	Good place to relax and do a little people watching.  The little snacks and chips they bring when you order a drink are a nice touch.
5	My favorite stop on our recent Vegas trip. So gorgeous. Avoid the club scene and just get drinks here. It feels like a hidden sanctuary. Looking at the trees and waterfall, I felt like I was in Vermont or something. There's a little statue guy staring out at the water that makes you feel very poetic as you sip your beer (which I recommend, since everything is super expensive). Friendly staff, they don't give you a hard time if you're not staying at the Wynn. A great way to experience the classy side of Vegas for under $10 (around the price of a meal at Burger King on the strip, wtf?)
5	One of my favorite little bars in Vegas located in my favorite casino in Vegas.Parasol Up is the BEST place to people watch.  It is a small bar that sits smack near the entry of the Wynn that is literally right in the middle of all the action of the people coming and going.The decor is like a circus from the 1920's with puffy little chairs and pink and yellow couches.  The waitstaff are all female wearing ruffled little striped outfits and bows in their hair.  It sounds like hell but with Steve Wynn's touch comes off as classy and dainty.  The cocktails are what makes this place shine and damn are they expensive at $14-$16 a piece (though their signature cocktail is "only" $12).  What you really need is their absinthe which is European, old school style.  They also offer snacks like nuts if you have the munchies.Kisses.
5	This is the perfect place for a casual drink or two. Or three or four. Particularly for *someone* in no condition for binding Spanx or tight party clothes after one too many desserts at the Wynn buffet.  It's pretty much a lobby bar with beautiful, whimsical decor, music and big overstuffed chairs for very comfortable seating in the Up section. Downstairs in more sedated and quiet, and the patio overlooks the Lake of Dreams with some giant animatronic talking frog. I'm sure one would have to see the show to ease the creepiness factor.I highly recommend the Cucumber & Ginger Cooler. Gin is my new best friend.
4	Great drinks and good atmosphere.
4	Great place for drinks! They have a nice selection of drinks including scotch (single and blended), wines, champagne, cocktails etc..the atmosphere is very nice and the staff is great. This is a place I would recommend for either have a "warm up" session before clubbing, or just to relax and enjoy good company.I didn't ask, but I saw some people enjoying cigars with their drink, but I am not sure if you can get cigars here and what kind of selection they have..so better bring yours I will say.  And as Heather says, it is a great spot to "people watch".
4	Best summer bar in Vegas IMO. Beautiful and classy. A must see.
4	What more can I say, I am a fan of this place. The the vibe, the view, and the drinks was magnificent. Since I am a nondrinker. I ordered a mocktail drink called "cucumber fizz", it was mighty delicious while the others ordered martini. Also, I really enjoyed their free complimentary snack to go with the drinks. We come back here for a casual hang out or just to grab a drink.
4	This place is very cute.  Its quiet, which is nice, and has tasty and pretty drinks.  Its in the Wynn, right near the casino, but with a pretty view.  We were only in the parasol up part, and didn't try parasol down, so I can't speak to how good that place is.  But like parasol up, and had a good time hanging out here.  Service isn't super fast, but I didn't expect it to be, and we weren't in a rush, so that wasn't a problem.
1	Decided to stop in  while waiting for Le Reve last Monday, and unfortunately had to put up with a horribly rude hostess.  I walked up to be seated and she just stood there glaring at me, and did the same after she came back from looking for an open table.  When she seated me she threw a menu down in front of me and didn't say a thing.  Unsurprisingly, she didn't say goodbye when I left either.  I'm not sure what I did to offend her!  The waitress who served me was very sweet; it's a shame this place was ruined by such a stuck up hostess though.  I can't remember ever being treated so horribly for no good reason.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!The first time I went to Vegas, this was the first bar I went to with my crew and ever since then its been a spot, I make it a point to visit every time I hit Sin City. The vibe here is great, definitely upscale, and its designed as a good spot to chill after you've been hitting the tables at the Wynn (or anywhere on the Strip) and need some down time to relax and grab a quick drink (or 5 lol). It's the first lounge you see, when you enter the Wynn through the front entrance, just opposite the Waterfall, so it's really easy to get to and has a large bar, tables and couches all around it, so you can get a great view of the gaming floor. The staff here are great, especially this bartender here called Nova! She hooked us up twice when we went there, giving us numbers to promoters in the area and help get us VIP admission and discounted bottle service at Blush, Surrender and XS!If you're headed to Vegas and the Wynn, make sure you visit this bar, and as always take care of your bartenders ; ) Tip: If you're headed to Tryst, XS. or Surrender this bar is a good place to pre-game, because the lines for those clubs can be pretty long, so you do not want to wait there sober!! Also, ask the bartenders there if they know any promoters who can hook you up as far as being able to get into the clubs without waiting on line.
5	This place is g-o-r-g-e-o-u-s. If you want to feel like a celebrity or like you're on some sort of elegant, rich, European vacation.....stop by here for a drink! Great service from the cocktail waitresses, amazing ambiance and views, and downright relaxing. Highly recommended!
5	The outside overlooking the waterfall is absolutely beautiful.  The service is great.  And they have one of my top 5 bourbon cocktails (Kentucky Iced Tea).  Nuff said.
5	What a great little hidden gem!  Beautiful place to sit and have a drink.  There's a show on the water every half hour or so.  It's amazing that this place isn't packed solid every single night but we got a great table for 4.  The drinks were delicious but it's the atmosphere that really makes this place a 5-star.
4	You definitely go to this lounge for the atmosphere--not the service. Service was as slow as could be. I think there was only 2 waitresses dealing with about 30 tables. The lounge outside was amazing and relaxing, truly a paradise. Loved the "lake" and waterfall.The drink I ordered was $14 and I don't think it had ANY alcohol in it, but again--go here for the atmosphere.
4	Perfect waterside cocktails.
5	Believe me!! This is the best view lounge in America!! So many different special cocktail. I personally like parasol down, I think it's got better view.
5	Nicest casino bar I went to during the time I was in Vegas. Lovely, romantic atmosphere; creative and tasty drinks (including absinthe with the iced water dripped onto the sugar cube from an old fashioned glass dispenser); and good service. Loved lounging on the comfy couches after stuffing ourselves at the buffet. Highly recommended.
3	Went here last night for a nightcap. Boy, what a nightcap. Two of us went down to grab a table for the nine of us, and we told the waitress that we would just like some waters until our party arrived. Our party took about ten. Inputs to arrive, and our waitress didn't bring us water until after the remainder of our party had arrived. Look, we are in Las Vegas, I'm from Seattle, I'm dehydrated... You get the point.When our waitress finally was around, she was fairly attentive, but she was never around. Before we left, another waiter had taken over, and he was super friendly and nice. I wish he would have been our waiter from the beginning!An anonymous man bought us not one but TWO rounds of shots... So much for a nightcap! The first round was nice, but the second round was too much. I can't really complain about free shots, because we're in Vegas and the drinks are way too expensive, and of course he was so kind to buy us the drinks. It just made for a lot wilder night than we expected. I would come here again because the drinks were really good, but the service was way less than desirable.
5	I freaking love this place! If you want you want to experience casual and class combined, Parasol Down is the place to be.. I love how relaxing this place is.. Enjoy a cup of coffee , latte or martini while you enjoy a view of the waterfall. There is also a show every 30 minutes it is amazing.. I highly reccomend this place if you are entertaining guests and you would  like to lounge and chat. I must warn you it does get a little busy in the evening.. so you may have to wait 20-30 minutes.. So expect that for the patio seating.. It is worth it! trust me!
4	Very cool place. We sat at an outdoor table facing the big waterfall thing. It comes alive at night with various adult puppet shows (not like lewd, but interesting, for adults). They had great cocktails.  I had a ginger cucumber cocktail which was delicious. They also give you a big bowl of quality mixed nuts and fancy chips, real classy.
4	Other than the wacky pricing this is a perfect spot to grab a drink. The bartenders are great and the cocktail waitresses are good at hustling around the space. Be sure to read the fine print at the bottom, drinks that are served neat or rocks are charged an additional $3.50 plus tax...blue cheese olives were also an additional charge. The pour is larger so it makes sense, just a touch confusing. Nice folks and nice place to meet up with friends.
4	When we get into the city late and don't have time or want to go to the clubs, we love coming here and hanging out for drinks.  It's a great atmosphere and the waitresses are always nice.  Sometimes there is a wait for a table but never too long.  The bartender pours very strong drinks every time I've been here.  We always enjoy Parasol Up for the people watching too.
5	Stiff yet delicious drinks, beautiful ambiance, great view, relaxed atmosphere, and a craft cocktail menu to rival any on the Strip. This place is great anytime during the day, whether you'd like to unwind after a few hours of cruising the Strip and shopping during the day, have a quick drink before seeing La Reve, or find a more mellow yet still chic alternative to a nightclub. Do yourself a favor though: Try to find seating outside (in the evening it's a bit of a wait) and order from the Cocktail menu. You can get good wine or a scotch on the rocks anywhere in Vegas or elsewhere but I guarantee you that your local bar won't have the "Dream," a brilliant concoction from Brut, St. Germain, and a hibiscus flower. It's a legitimate work of art, shifting colors and uncovering new shades as you drink it and of course tastes delicious. It may be the most expensive cocktail I have ever ordered ($22) but it's in the running for best as well. On a hot summer day you should get the "Pear a'Sol" made with gin or the Gin-cucumber cocktail whose name presently escapes me. Those are slightly cheaper ($14-15 so standard for Vegas) and I would recommend either in a pinch. They also offer some standard bar bites with an upscale twist and a complimentary platter of peanuts and chips so they'll cover your snacking as well as your drinking needs.
4	Note:  There are two Parasol at the Wynn (Up & Down.)  Parasol Up section is a pleasant bar in the casino.  But, don't dawdle there, the Parasol Down section (reached by escalator) is amazing!* Very well appointed & comfortable seats* Professional service* Good drinks (but, pricey)* A gorgeous wall fountain across the the pond.  Yes, like an oasis.  Totally relaxing.We would have stayed longer, but it was getting pretty darn hot out there by mid-morning.  That said; For an early morning Bloody Mary or late night cocktail, it was awesome!
5	We stopped at Parasol Down for a drink before dinner and really enjoyed ourselves. The prices are "Vegasy" but the drinks are actually delicious and strong. The signature cocktails were all double shot and I had the Sinatra Smash. I can definitely see myself getting smashed drinking them, but luckily we had limited time before dinner. The price was around $15 and well worth it. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. The view of the fountain was also quite lovely.
5	Located within the Wynn's casino, Parasol Up is a fantastic place to sit back and sip on delicious cocktails and relax as you contemplate your next move in Vegas.  :)Service here is always professional, friendly and efficient.  Though the drinks can be a little pricey, they are down right OUTSTANDING and AMAZING!  There are comfortable chairs and couches to sit on if you just want to hang out with some friends for a drink or just sit and relax.  The decor is very nice and the atmosphere is very relaxing, that it is very easy to lose track of time.  :)  But who really cares?  You're in VEGAS, BABY!  :)As for the menu if you are into pears or looking for  something fruity, I HIGHLY recommend, "The Pear-A-Sol."  It has Absolut Pear Vodka, with Belle Paire Pear Liqueur, fresh pear puree and fresh sweet & sour.  This drink is very refreshing and you almost forget you are drinking an alcoholic beverage it is so good!  :) If you are looking for something with more of a tropical flare, I recommend the Piano which has rum, Kalani Coconut Liqueur, creme de banana and pineapple juice, sweet & sour and organic agave nectar.  Very delicious and makes you reminisce of the islands.  :) If you are in the mood for a drink that is summery, cool and refreshing, or a fan of mojitos, I HIGHLY recommend their Cucumber and Ginger Cooler.  It has Hendricks's Gin, Canton Ginger Liqueur, freshly muddled cucumber, fresh lime juice, organic agave nectar and club soda.   The combination of these ingredients are spot on and the taste is heavenly and leaves you feeling refreshed and ready to take on the the unrelenting Vegas heat!  :)  MMMM!Another drink I would highly recommend is their "Lake of Dreams."  It is no longer on their menu, but try and order it.  It is yet another splendid drink that must be tried!  If they don't remember how to make it, message me, as I was able to get a hold of  the recipe!  ;)Parasol Up is definitely worth checking out especially if you are looking for great service, fabulous drinks and a place to chill out and relax after a long day.
4	An oasis in the desert. Located inside the Wynn Casino, this is an upstairs-downstairs lounge dressed to kill. Parasol Up is certainly nice, no questions about it. But don't pass go, don't collect $200 and head straight down the escalator to Parasol Down. There you'll find a well-appointed indoor bar area as well as an amazing outdoor patio overlooking a lake, waterfall, and some modern-esque statues, including a giant head that unexpectedly popped out of the water only to descened again a minute later...photo uploaded.Drinks are pricey, but the quality of ingredients and service make it worthwhile. A perfect place to grab a pre-dinner cocktail (and cigar, should the mood strike) or unwind after a day on the Strip.
5	This is quite the bar, located both on the main casino floor and one level below at the Wynn Hotel. Parasol Up refers to the bar located on the main floor, while the main attraction, Parasol Down, is located downstairs. I visited Parasol Down only, and found it to be quite the experience. On a hot summer's evening, I found myself sitting outside on the patio, located on the Lake of Dreams, enjoying a great classic cocktail and a show on the lake. Apparently the shows on the lake start about every half hour and vary in theme from musical parasol flowers to dancing, glowing orbs. The drinks, however, are the real treat. The bartenders mix their cocktails along a small bar located inside the Wynn (not on the patio). They have a great cocktail menu...however, prices are a bit steep, and there is an upcharge for drinking anything "neat."Parasol Down is a great bar to enjoy a great cocktail. Though I have never gambled or partied at the Wynn, I would gladly stop by for a cocktail at Parasol Down!
4	Always a great way to kill some time and when positioned correctly, an awesome place to people watch.The cocktails are all fabulous (and pricey at $15) and sometimes the service is slow.  But it's a nice little enclave from which you can set up and just enjoy the company of others for a few hours.  They also have a cigar menu which caters to all tastes (I went with the Cao Bella Vanilla which was quite pleasant for at least the first 10 minutes).  They used to sell the best bagged Wynn potato chips but on our most recent trip this past weekend, we were told they discontinued it in favor of offering free bbq potato chips and mixed nuts.  So head on over and enjoy a cocktail as you watch the gaggles of girls in tight dresses make their way through the casino floor in the hopes of getting into one of the sardine can clubs in The Wynn!
3	Good cocktails, OK beer selection. The atmosphere is the reason to come here. The drinks are pricey and service isn't very fast, but sitting out on the patio with the waterfall is a good time for sure. I would make sure to go back next time in town if only for a drink or two.
2	MehSo the reason this is MEH is two-fold.  1) They sometimes automatically include tip and sometimes they don't.  I went here 3 times over the past weekend, 2 times they included tip [with various party sizes] and one time they did not?????  Do you just assume I am a foreigner so tack it on there????  That would be profiling wouldn't it be?2)  We had an instance where one of the guys in our party of 8 was wearing a tank top, as one would in Vegas in August after one just leaves the pool. They would NOT let him into this lovely little bar.  So instead, we had to go buy him a t-shirt.  OK. This would've been totally acceptable IF some of the ladies in our party weren't wearing tanktops as well. OR if there was a sign out from that stated proper dress required. However, I did see people also wearing tube dresses [no sleeves at all] and spaghetti straps [would have rather avoided seeing this particular instance as well but it's burned into my memory].The whole debacle only got more complex WHEN that very evening [our friends were staying at the Wynn] we ladies returned to the bar to meet them for more libations [I have a thing for the Parasol martini].  AND in not one but two separate instances ladies walked into the bar WITH NO FREAKING SHOES ON!!!No shoes, No kidding, that's gross. Shoes were in hand, not on feet.  And they were in separate parties.  So now what to do?  More profiling occurring here? tisk tisk
4	We had a beer at Parasol Up while wandering around the Wynn. It was lovely. I'm taking away a star because their prices are high, but I suppose that's to be expected. Since we just had a beer, I don't have too much to say... the bartender was very nice, the bowl of nuts that we were served was delicious. This is a wonderful place to stop and have a drink.
5	Stopped in recently for a quick drink and a snack.We sat outside by the waterfall which was really cool.The service was outstanding an zucchini sandwich we shared was absolutely amazing. Great place to visit.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! My boyfriend and I were told to come here on the recommendation of my boyfriend's sister since she works at the Wynn. It was AMAZING. They have these shows every (I think) 30 minutes or maybe 15 minutes in the mini-lake that they have accompanied by a beautiful waterfall.What amazed me was that behind the waterfall and the tall trees was a club, Tyrst I think. Regardless of the loud music of the club, you could hardly hear the club's music. You can only hear it if you concentrate very carefully, but you're distracted by the beauty of this place that you don't hear it. On side of Parasol Up/Down, is a restaurant that shares the same view, but there wasn't anyone there when we went.The waitresses working there was super nice! I recall only one or two working and it seemed to me they were having a hard time keeping up. maybe they were short-staffed? In any case, it took them a good 15-20 minutes to noticed us and finally a waitress came over. She apologized for the wait, but we didn't mind. There was a wonderful view to distract us. I ordered the Frank Sintra drink and something with strawberry. I forgot what the two drinks were called, but they were amazing!! Especially the strawberry/berry drink! I was a bit stunned when the waitress offered complimentary snacks. It took me a while to answer, but we said yes and thanked her.So we stayed for a little while longer, maybe 1 hour or so, watched two shows, and left. And when we left, there was a line. When we got there, there was NO line.So, here are some tips.1. ARRIVE EARLY! Maybe 9 or 10 is good to avoid lines.2. Price - I know it's expensive, but when you order the right and yummy stuff, it is worth every cent. :)3. DRESS ACCORDINGLY!! There is a dress code to this place!! no tank tops, hats, and all that stuff. Dress classy. You can wear jeans, buy guys, wear collars.4. Enjoy the show. Each show is different and suggestive in some ways. ;)We will definitely be coming back here the next time we're in Vegas.Enjoy.
5	Killed time at Parasol Down while waiting for a seat on the terrace. If you havent caught that waterfall show (they happen every 30 minutes and surprise you cuz most folks there dont know about it), then it is a MUST while in Vegas. That show changes each time and it's always good enough to create oohs and aahs (not only from the fans, but from the glowing light balls if you happen to catch that particular show.)As for the service, it's right up there with most Vegas spots. The free nuts on the table are delicious, but (peanut allergy folks), some are filled with peanut butter.As for the drinks, they have a great selection of wines, drinks, and even non-alcoholic stuff.They definitely guaranteed my business again and again every time I'm out there.
4	Great view of the waterfall show in the Wynn, excellent people watching, beautiful waitresses, good but expensive drinks, smart casual dress code.
4	I really like Parasol Down.  It is a great place to relax and people watch.  The drink prices are pretty reasonable.  It is fun to people watch also.  You has the ubber rich, or think they are.  The Europeans who just want to smoke and have a cigarette after a long day of shopping.  Our waitress was Charissa and she was very attentive.  However, I do feel sorry for the waitresses having to wear heals all day and deal with people who probably stiff them on their tips.My wife and I stayed for about 2 hours or so.  There is a hostess that will seat you so don't try to just walk in.  However, people like to take their picture in front of the large glass window.  The patio looks out onto a waterfall with some artwork in it. You never know what will pop up from the water.  In our case, this past Friday evening, it was a giant face.  If you get a chance, check this place out.
4	This is a gret "meet up and get a drink" lounge. Parasol Up is lively right in the middle of the action on the Wynn casino floor. it is great for people watching and the service is quick. I had a pear martini and it was delicious. After Parasol Up we made our way down stairs to check out Parasol Down. Parasol Down was dead but we sat there while we waited for a table on the terrace near the Lake of Dreams. The shows every 15 minutes on the waterfall are interesting and worth sticking around for 1 or 2. If you are already at the Wynn be sure to check this place out.
4	Parasol is in a good location.  Service is a little slow but drinks are generally good.  Their signature drink is pear-asol and it's really good.  If you want ask them to make it with more of a kick.Overall not a bad place to kill some time but don't expect fast service.  They also bring you some chips and nuts with your drink so a nice touch.  Drinks are about $18 each.
2	Not a good place for anything more than drinks. They have a very limited menu and were out of many of the items when we sat down. Those available were all small slider-like sandwiches which appeared preprepared (not made to order). It's an ok nook to grab a glass of wine, just don't drop in with high expectations. The waterfall and outdoor seating make it more distinct than other bar options nearby.
4	Beautiful outdoor lounge located in The Wynn, we went to Parasol down on a Sunday afternoon, it was so relaxing sitting next to the lake, a few cocktails while enjoying the views was just what I needed at the moment. There weren't many people, great for our romantic down times, I had a few mimosa and a Mojito like specialty cocktail, very unique, and yummy too. They have restaurants next to this place, just pick one to dine if you get hungry. A great place to meet friends for drinks or a casual date. We might go there in the evening next time, just to watch the color changes of the waterfall.
2	We stopped at this lounge because of the high reviews on yelp, but I was very underwhelmed.  Yes, the trippy Lakeside waterfall show was cool, but you don't have to be in the lounge to watch it.  The lounge is pretty open to people traffic, so it feels a bit like you are in an airport.  If you like people watching, maybe this works for you.We had a champagne, and it wasn't that great.  There were also a lot of smokers around.
4	Absolutely my favorite spot in Vegas. I typically go here to get away from the drudgery of free drinks and all you can eat dullery of Vegas. It is so much fun to sit back with some friends, have some exquisite cocktails, and puff back on a "dominican" Romeo y Juilieta. While you definitely party in Vegas this is a great place to keep the BAL constant while giving the eyes a rest. The "wall" is pretty interesting too and the water effect calming to help you get the strength for some more balls to the wall Vegas fun.
5	One of the most beautiful bar in Vegas. The setting is sexy and intimate. The drinks are delicious and not too expensive.
4	This place is the quintessential chill spot that gives you a welcome break from the hustle and bustle that Vegas so charmingly excludes. Came here for after dinner drinks with the hubster and we got the signature "pear-asol" drink and another  tequila based martini. The pear-asol drink tasted better (sweeter!) but was definitely weaker than the tequila one. I was pleasantly buzzed after drinking the martinis and had no issues hitting the hay that nite. P.S. If you're a people watcher, this is the place for you. You can sit back, relax and watch people all around you!
4	Since we were staying at the Wynn, the wife and I decided to have a late night drink here.  The Pearasol signature cocktail is highly recommended.  I was kinda tired so don't remember much other than the fact the place was quiet and relaxing.
4	One of my favorite things to do in Vegas is people watch while enjoying a nice drink.  Parasol Up / Parasol Down is a great spot for it.  This review is strictly based on my time spent at Parasol Up which is more of a lounge spot whereas Parasol Down is known for it's outdoor patio with a view of the waterfall.  Unfortunately the weather was a little bit too cold for me to be out on the patio and so I stayed indoors.  Still had a nice view of the waterfall though.Drinks are pretty pricey here at Parasol Up / Parasol Down.  But you shouldn't even have to think about it considering that you're inside the Wynn Resort.  It's really a nice place to chill and have a drink and is also a good meeting spot with friends.  I will definitely be back here again whenever I need to take a break at the Wynn.
4	I really love the Parasol Up/Parasol Down bar.  It is pricey, but the bar itself is just really cool...and not trashy.  I really like the concept of it and they make a mean spicy Bloody Mary.  The bar tenders are friendly and will talk to you.  They'll also offer their specialties or suggest a drink if you ask them to.  You can also watch the lake show while you sit.  It's a great place for a pre or post dinner drink.
4	Great lounge, tasty drinks, and friendly staff.  What more do you need?  Oh, and you even get a couple complimentary dishes of chips and nuts to snack on!This time, I hung out in the Parasol Up section.  Regardless, this makes for a great people watching venue!
3	Smoothie drinks for $8.Free nuts and chips.  It should be noted that while this says "Lounge" it isn't a lounge.  It's basically a hotel bar with nicer seating.Not bad after a trip to Tryst.
5	This is my favorite place in the Wynn and Encore complex besides the casino! =DWhy?It's nice to relax and have a drink by yourself or with friends, family or significant other while enjoying the free show on the Lake of Dreams (Another Steve Wynn creation). The service here can be hit or miss  depending on how busy it is and you have to be 21+ to enter the outdoor patio and they check everyone's ID no matter how old you look. So just relax, have a drink and/or a cigar and just relax away with the outdoor music system pumping some classic songs from Sinatra to modern like songs from Michael Buble all in classy taste and some techno and trance to give out that hip vibe. Once in a while when someone walks in and out of those big doors, you can smell the Hotel scent that is pumped in the resorts ventilation system. Also they offer complimentary mixed nuts and chips.
5	Our home away from home in Vegas. Great drinks, great people-watching and the ideal place to just chill for a bit. We've worked our way through the Specialties menu several times by now, and there are some real stand-outs there. The Pear-a-sol, of course, is at the top of the list. So delicious you don't realiza how alcoholic it is. Ditto the Flor de Jalisco, for those who like tequila. Yummy!Nuts and chips are provided and are tasty. Service is usually pretty good, if a tad slow. They don't over-staff this place, that's for sure. But the comfort level and drinks more than make up for it.
4	This was a great place to get away from the hustle of Vegas. We relaxed here around 4pm, when we had our pick of loveseats. Yeah, the drinks are pricey (~$16), but you're also paying for the view + ambiance (and it's Vegaaas).Recommended: Pear-A-Sol (Absolut Pears Vodka + Belle Paire Pear Liqueur + pear puree + fresh sweet and sour = more please!!) and Cucumber Ginger Cooler.
5	Parasol Up is upstairs and inside Wynn.  Parasol Down is downstairs and outside.  Parasol Down has a great view of the waterfall.  They serve pretty good but pricey drinks and some sandwiches.  Some tables have comfy couches to sit on.  There isn't much shade outside, so it's best to come in the evening or late afternoon to avoid the sun beaming down on you.
5	I have walked by this unassuming little bar a handful of times, completely oblivious to the magic that is going on inside.  There are 2 areas.  Parasol up, is upstairs and features a large bar with a lot of plush seating and dimly lit chandeliers.  Parasol down, has a smaller bar area and a patio.  The magic? ...at 8 PM.  They have little shows every 30 mins that are projected on or around the waterfall, where you overlook from the patio.  These shows are quaint, they won't blow your mind, but they will be fun to watch as you sip on premium cocktails and eat the most fantastic bar nuts you've ever encountered.  If you like sweet drinks, get the pear-a-sol, a pear martini...but order it on the rocks, you will thank me later.
5	Loved Parasol Down, had a lovely seat by the lake and were pleasantly surprised by the little a/v show on the waterfall. It was packed, but the waitress stayed attentive and friendly. Came twice during our stay, all the drinks were good, loved the sinatra smash. Parasol Up is a much different vibe, you're right there on the casino floor, the outside patio was nicer in my opinion.
5	Hands down, my favorite lounge/bar in Vegas! I'd pick this place over the hottest night club any day--I guess that makes me an old lady. So what? Parasol Up/Parasol Down is in the lower level of the beautiful Wynn Hotel. I've never sat in in the inside bar but have lounged a couple of times on their patio bar overlooking the waterfall, and I love it. If you're looking for a place to get a nightcap different from the regular hustle and bustle of the strip, this is the place to go. You feel like you're in another world--like an artificial tropical island. The atmosphere is perfect because you get that Vegas warmth but cool breeze off the waterfall and lake. And there is always a fun surprise every 30 minutes--either it's a huge animatronic frog coming out from behind the screen and singing "Low Rider" or it's a flamenco-inspired graphics/light show on the screen. The service is always good and attentive. No lines. Best thing is I don't feel like I'm being rushed if I just want to slowly sip my cocktail.
4	In Vegas, but not interested in going absolutely wild and crazy and dancing?  This is the place to be then. A little tug away bar place for you and your special someone. Drinks are great, services are fast, and a perfect place to chit chat. The outdoor location is gorgeous and beautiful. It also offers a free water show that replays all night~ what's better than free?  Tip: Might have to wait anywhere from 10 ~ 30 minutes for an outdoor seat.
4	I think Parasol Up/Down is the best Lounge Bar in the City!The experience here was fun; we had the opportunity to sit outside (after waiting at the inside bar for like 20min) to enjoy our wine and to watch their complimentary shows; service was very nice because the girls were all very friendly.They offer snacks so it would better to eat something first before coming here; we stayed for a good 2hrs and left with happiness. We'll be back here when we visit Vegas again; it's a great place to relax with a drink or two.
3	In my opinion - One of the most overrated places I've ever been to in Las Vegas. We were there just last night and because a friend of ours told us it was a must.  Walked through the Wynn after having their buffet and waited for a seat on the terrace at Parasol Down.  I was surprised at how small the location was.  While we were waiting for our seats, we sat near the bartender inside.  We couldn't even see out the glass wall there because of the gawkers and families that decided to watch the freebie show.  Too full to try the nuts, and while the martini I had was good, it had better be for $15!  The show was ok, nothing spectacular.  All and all it was alright.  Nothing mind blowing, nothing offensive or dreary.  I wouldn't go back, but this wasn't my cup of tea.
4	Very comfy seating, wonderful free munchies.  Great service. This is an excellent spot to have a drink before the show.
5	Parasol Down rules! Color changing lights illuminate trees, a smooth waterfall and the surrounding water, making for a really unique atmosphere to have a drink. There was no wait, no rush and mixed nuts. Pow! The (mad decent) waitresses are nice and can get you one of their signature cocktails in a jiffy. Those cocktails? Yea, they'll run ya $15, but they're well made. Don't be shocked if you end up staying here for an hour longer than originally planned.Should you come here to rage? Nope. Come here for a chill convo, a drink and a frog singing Garth Brooks before you hit the clubs or head home.
4	This place is definitely a five star-er, but the service sometimes lags so it brings it down to a still awesome four. This is the place where you want to go to show the classy side of Vegas to your friends. With big wicker looking furniture, comfy chairs and a view of more water than I think exists in all of Vegas, you can't beat PU/PD for a mellow, relaxing time. I happen to come here because I'm addicted to the show that goes on usually at night and every thirty minutes, I believe, but more so for the amazing drinks! Banana daiquiri that will make you feel all jungl-y and a pina colada that will have you singing Manilow.You may have to ask where it is, but once you find it you won't ever forget it. You can also try some delish food, but I mainly go for the drinks and atmosphere. You'll love it!
5	Much like the rest of the Wynn, Parasol Up / Parasol Down is as gorgeous of a lounge as they come. It's a spot where there are cocktails aplenty, people to watch, and a great night time view of the Lake of Dreams. It is a relaxing place for a killer drink and is ironically one of the least pretentious venues in the entire property.For the uninitiated, Parasol Up and Parasol Down are almost two different venues. P-Up is the upstairs portion of the lounge, with comfy couches, dimmed lighting and a view of the lake from above. Downstairs is P-Down, where there is less seating near the bar but a more intimate feel all while taking in a view of the lake shows and seeing folks whisk on by. I prefer P-Down out of the two, especially if I'm drinking.The cocktails are undoubtedly pricey at $15 each, but are potent with high quality liquor and made quite well. There is some magic in the Pear-a-sol and the Venetian Spritz is a nice one to start with. Classic drinks like an Old Fashioned or a Cosmo are very tasty and strong enough to where a couple should be sufficient to get the night rolling.If you're not sure what to get, be sure to score some recs from the bartender / cocktail waitress. At the Wynn, service is paramount and P-Up / P-Down exhibits plenty of good vibes from the staff. I typically like to zone out and watch whatever performance the Lake of Dreams is having. It's kind of like watching the Fountains of the Bellagio (http://www.yelp.com/biz/fountains-of-bellagio-las-vegas) except indoors, without the excessive crowds, and a killer drink in hand. If only they had a serious happy hour ...
5	This is my favorite place in Vegas! Away from the crazyness and Dub T of the rest of the strip.  The colorful Parasols are beautiful and the bar inside is also equally easy on the eyes.  Outside on the patio is where you want to be....a gigantic waterfall and a colorful reflection pool await.  As do $15 drinks that may almost be worth it! Don't miss this spot!  Downside...no food.   Hit up the cafe at the pool in the Wynn for a great lunch beforehand.
5	Fantastic place for a low key night in Vegas. Great environment, excellent drinks, and awesome shows. Perfect for a couples trip to Vegas!
4	We're parked the patio and its so lovely. Very hot but beautiful and service is amazing. The menu is diverse but solely cocktails. There a server parked at the door turning so many people away who are looking for food. I'm having the palomas and they're amazing. Definitely the best I've had but I'm looking at $15 a pop. Husband is having blue moon beer and they're at least only $7. It's a lovely and quiet retreat an I wouldn't hesitate to return. To be honest I don't particularly wish to leave in the first place.
5	10 minutes before heading over, I google searched "cocktails in vegas" and came across this place- seemed interesting enough so headed over to the Wynn to check it out. Awesome! The decor is really nice and they have an outdoor seating section that faces the huge waterfall. The inside is pretty much nestled between the escalators and secluded from the main walkway, which is nice. They serve all kinds of drinks and even cigars and bring you an assortment of nuts. I had the lychee martini (really good) and my bf had really good tea. Service was really good and attentive. I'll definitely be coming back.
5	I don't know why I've never written a review for this place with all the times I've been here over the years. Maybe its because I want to do my part to keep this place a secret to the hordes just a little bit longer to those who are unaware of how great it is. This is one of my happy places. The beauty and serenity is unmatched. The drinks are delicious. The perfection I find at this exact location in the all the world, sitting in the balcony (Parasol Down), sipping on perfectly made concoctions and watching the lights and water intermingle with each other during the shows -- I'm convinced heaven must be an exact carbon copy of this place if it existed. You can also smoke here and won't be made to feel like a leper hobbling down Rodeo Drive. They sell some of the best selection of cigars out there for those who are into cigars. The drinks are between 15-20 dollars for the mixed drinks. Considering the ambiance you get for this price, there isn't a better bargain in my opinion. And, they're delicious. There's a Cucumber-Ginger drink, which isn't too sweet. If you like these flavors, it's a nice drink. There's also a drink made with strawberry puree which was very very good, and a hibiscus lemonade that I so badly wanted to try but didn't. You're not going to be able to get food here. It's a place to lounge and get drinks.One solid recommendation: This place is great at all hours and opens very late. But if you want to get the full experience, go when the sun sets and the lights are on. It changes everything.
5	Parasol Down is a great little bar with both a patio and an inside area.  The Parasol Down refers to all these really decorative great "umbrellas" hanging over the inside area.  The patio features a really great waterfall and this is the sort of place where you're not annoyingly checked on every 5 minutes but you are dutifully watched so you're never running out of your drinks - be they a delicious strawberry collins (which I had) or just some water (for friends who don't drink alcohol).
3	Nice enough little spot to pop in for a drink.  When I went they were in between food services.  Had some tasty ketchup chips.  Sounds odd but they were good. Nice view of the falls outside plus a fun decor inside.
5	From the first time I took a seat  on one of their comfortable, posh couches I knew this place was for me (finding a $100 chip in the couch cushion didn't hurt either). No, I didn't turn the chip into lost and found.  I'm sure they will do ok without it since they too were enjoying  $15+ cocktails at this great Wynn establishment. Its always the little things at top end bars that make a difference. At Parasol it is all about class, a well prepared cocktail, and of course some complementary nut mix which just leaves you wanting another drink.I enjoyed a Macallan 12 year, not so much mixology needed here, but I still enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and the prompt service.  The other mixed drinks looked great and I could tell they were well prepared.Now go relax, you deserve it! Have a great cocktail and don't forget to check under the cushion  ; )
4	This is a good place to stop and relax for a minute to do some people watching.  They have a good drink menu with solid scotch choices.They also have cigars.  It is a small selection, but there are good options.  They kindly provide a cutter and a proper cigar ashtray. They also bring out small snack bowls which is nice.  The chips were very good. I was quite surprised. Our server was nice and helpful, but service was a bit slow.  Everything is on the upper end of the price scale.
3	always looking forward to a relaxing time here sitting outside however even at 1:00pm 55 degrees freezing outside sitting under heaters that guess what "are on timers!!"  way to go wynn!! spoiled the entire experience with everyone out heregreat server i must say listening to everyone freezing to death
5	Probably the best bar (out of many :) we went to in Vegas. The fountain view is hard to beat. The Mandarin Oriental bar is a close second - go there at night for a view of Vegas from the 23rd floor of the hotel.
4	I really want to eat at Parasol Down sometime but as for now I have only experienced Parasol Up. The bar is phenomenal. Great drinks (dirty gin martini please!), good bar mix snacks, and good service. It's in a great location at the Wynn for people watching and you can also see the waterfall from there as well. Bar is definitely pricey - basically $20 for a cocktail with tip, but it's worth it.
5	You must go outside on the patio to see the show that happens every 30 mins out in the water!  It is so worth it!  I can't wait to go back to see the other shows since I only caught two of them while I was there.The $15 Sinatra Smash is a fantastic drink, but when we ordered it on the patio, it was super sweet and was lacking in alcohol.  When we ordered it upstairs at Parasol Up, that's the Sinatra Smash I know and love.  You can actually get a little buzz from one drink - makes this $15 cocktail a better value than ordering a $10 watered down cocktail at most other places or having a $12 shot.
3	Nice atmosphere at P. Down, but service seems a bit slow for $15 cocktails. At least there's no screwing up scotch neat. We walked in with luggage and the hostess for the patio seemed concerned that we wanted to take luggage out to the not super busy patio.
5	This lounge/bar oozes class, sexiness and sophistication!Spence took amazing care of my friend and I. He brought out the best chips we have ever tasted, Thought they were tomatobasil but they are Ketchup chips and I despise Ketchup! The Moscato was so Delicious and our conversation with Spence was entertaining. I would defiantly come back to the Parasol RANDOM FACT:The full name of Moscato is Moscato d'Asti
4	I love this lounge/bar. The parasols are awesome to look at, and the lake of dreams is gorgeous. The drinks are about $15 a pop. To be expected in Vegas and at the Wynn. But they have sone creative drinks. The bartender was great with suggestions, and they give you complimentary snacks when you sit at the bar. I would come back to try a new drink.
5	This is my favorite lil Hideaway in Vegas. When you just need a break from all the lights and people. It's tucked away in an area at the Wynn with a lake and waterfall. It's calming and relaxing and the drinks are amazing. Mind you, this is all they serve. Just drinks. So it's nice to go chill by yourself or with someone. The service is great and the staff are very attentive. I think I've been to this spot about three times already and I will definitely will be going back on my next trip(which is coming up,lol). When you visit Sin City, definitely take a break and check out this cool lil spot.
4	Pricy drinks- starting at $16. Not even the best I've ever had. But comfortable. They offer a full bar menu and cigars. Up is next to the casino in lobby area.
3	$8 for a beer, $16 for a cocktail and up to $50 for a cigar (Opus X - $22 for a AF Short Story), so yeah, this place is expensive. You can bring your own with no fee but a 1 drink minimum is required. Waitress have very sexy skirts which are fun to watch, but it's not really a cigar place - it's just cigar friendly. I was at Up but the Parsol Down has a nicer view and outside area. Worth a visit if you are staying a the amazing Wynn/Encore complex, but I much prefer the Foundation Room or Casa Fuente when not staying at the hotel.
5	I believe that this is one of the BEST bars in Las Vegas to have a quick relaxing drink. I am a huge fan of the wine by the glass selection.I absolutely love the chips & the nuts that the serve while you enjoy cocktails. The servers are always very friendly and fast. They do allow room charges which is nice. If you enjoy a nice scotch and people watching, you should def check out this bar before your night out.
5	Hoo baby, such a nice lounge. You definitely want Parasol Down for a quieter, more relaxing and refined experience. (Parasol Down is like Nordstrom, while Parasol Up is more Nordstrom Rack.) Terrific cocktails priced on a par with the top of the market, but not over it. A nice view of the gardens and water show and terrific bar snacks along with professional service. Plus, it's relatively easy to navigate in and out of if you're just popping in for a snootful before continuing down the Strip.
3	Mediocre $16 cocktails, I guess you could drink here if you have to
5	This is such a lovely place to just kick back relax and enjoy surroundings. The drink menu is pretty fair with different choices and various prices to fit almost every budget. The smoothies they serve are very tasty and great a fantastic choice if you are looking for a non alcoholic beverage.
4	This is my choice spot in and around the Wynn. Comfortable lounge chairs and couches, cigar friendly, great service and usually a classy crowd.
5	An ideal place for a civilized cocktail in Las Vegas. Our waitress Charissa was delightful, and generous with her knowledge of LV. The Wynn is classy, no two ways around it. Arrive at dusk for a spectacle over the lake, on the hour.
5	I have traveled many countries and stayed in 5 star hotels everywhere, Joel at Parasol was the best bartender i have ever met. He made a pineapple mohito better than anywhere i have ever tried. i come to wynn 4-5 times a year. Because of employees like Joel i keep coming back to this hotel.
4	Pricey ($16-$25) but very tasty/strong cocktail (so-so margarita). Absolutely beautiful set up on patio (trees around the water reflects in diff moving color, shields from busy street light and buildings), cozy/comfortable lounge furniture, easy sitting due to no food served. Nice place to just relax and lounge w/friends or visitors while waiting for show or restaurant. Music and screen show every half an hour. Good customer service.
4	Drinking here you have no review of the Boulevard at all but the view of inside the Wynn Casino is so breathtaking that all I want to do is sit here and have my next wedding inside this place it's amazing when a woman says that she would get married there ....that pretty much sums it up!
4	Going UP or Going DOWN?On a recent visit to Las Vegas, some friends and I decided to go "down" to enjoy some after-dinner drinks at this bar located at the Wynn.Parasol has two sections:UP:  Located on the casino levelDOWN:  Located on a lower level with patio seating that provides a prime view of the waterfall feature.As we were there in the evening, we were able to view the waterfall lit up as well as the entertainment/shows.  These were fun to watch as the shows varied in color, character, and music.  The shows are comical, whimsy, artsy, and colorful.   I'll go as far as to state they may put a smile on your face.The drinks are a bit on the pricey side.  And with that being said, since this was the first stop of our night post dinner, we each had one drink.  Most had the pear-asol which I believe is their signature cocktail/martini.  The nuts/chips that are served are pretty darn good too.After watching three shows, engaging in some laughter and conversation, we downed our drinks and moved on to the next place.  BOTTOM LINE:  I'd definitely be DOWN to return on a future Vegas trip.  CHEERS!
5	Parasol Down has an "outdoor" (if you use your imagination) patio with the perfect view of the Lake of Dreams.  The Lake of Dreams is one of my favorite hotel gimmicky attractions; I was mesmerized by the cool mini shows that run every half hour.  I highly recommend the signature cocktail, the pear-a-sol.
4	Great spot to meet up and catch a quick drink. We stopped at Parasol Up for a couple cocktails before heading out to dinner. I think the views from Parasol Down would probably merit 5 stars, but the atmosphere at Up is still pretty cool, it's in the Wynn after all!
4	Sat outside at Parasol Down with the huge water wall, it was awesome.  We saw two of the "silly" shows.  We only had drinks, but they were good.  Service was spotty and folks can smoke out there.  I have still suggested it to at least 7 other ppl I know going to Vegas.  FUN!!  Enjoy!!
4	You won't see many reviews for bars on my help feed- i'm not a big drinker and I just don't happen to frequent a lot of bars a cocktail lounges.However, during my last trip to Vegas in November we happen to discover this fun little bar in the middle of the casino at the Wynn.It has two sections- on the up section you are at the casino level. The town section is on the lower level where guests can sit on the patio with a lovely view of the waterfall.They have couches and chairs that are really comfy - you could tell they want you to stay and drink:) They offer a really great wine by glass selection!! That always makes me happy.The cocktails were delicious and made really well. The servers were adorable, cute and all about Vegas. As you're enjoying your cocktails, beer or wine they serve a chip and nut mixture that's delicious! Are the drinks pricey? Hell yes it's Vegas. I do think that the days of the $3.95 ribeye steak and $2.95 amazing buffets are over. Everything is gonna cost you in Vegas. We didn't get a chance to watch any of their little shows by the waterfall but the chatter we heard was that they were silly, comical and really funny.It's just a nice little spot to meet up with friends, check in and have a drink.Loved it :)
5	Great little place to grab a cocktail or two pre or post dinner.  It's got a swanky vibe, cordial servers, and some interesting cocktails on the menu.  The cocktails aren't cheap, but, hey, it's Vegas and you're paying for both quality and for ambience.  And, you get a little bowl of snacks!Munch on and get your drink on =)
5	The wife and I were chillin' at The Wynn and were in the mood for some drinks.  We have been to Parasol Up / Parasol Down before, but I have never officially reviewed it.  This time around, we decided to grab a few drinks by the Lake of Dreams.  The hostess opened the door for us and we grabbed a love seat right by the lake.  The waitress promptly took our drinks orders.  Drinks were the correct volatility.  My wife requested some hot water and the waitress complied, serving it from a teapot and a tea cup.  This is a place to check out for drinks and just to chill.  I'll definitely be back as Wynn/Encore is our preferred place to stay when in Sin City.
5	We sat and had drinks at the Parasol Down bar for several hours.  The shows on the big screen out in the lake are amazing, I couldn't take my eyes off them.  The drinks were good as well, although the service is a little slow.  I will say though that it was not the servers fault, I think she was the only one working all the tables, and we were not in a hurry, and I dont think anyone there was. Definitely worth stopping in for a few of the shows and drinks, a great place to just sit and visit and unwind after all the sight-seeing and shopping during the day.  I will note though that they do serve cigars there, which for some people is awesome and for others is not.  I personally don't mind the cigar smell at all, so it didnt bother me one bit.  The people with cigars really seemed to like the quality of them, so if you are a cigar aficionado, you should definitely check it out.
