5	This place opened about 4 weeks ago and I think it is by far the nicest coffee shop I have ever been too.  The front room has an amazing old antique counter with a beautiful display case of treats - all homemade.  There are big comfortable chairs and a cozy fire place.  The second room has more tables and chairs and a grand piano.  There is also a patio with multiple tables for warm weather.  Bright walls, high ceilings, lots of natural light and free wifi - definitely an idea place to get some work done.   They serve Intelligentsia coffee and my  coffee was perfect.  Read more about Big Dog in Pop City Media - http://www.popcitymedia.com/developmentnews/bigdog1105.aspx
5	Big Dog Coffee serves Intelligentsia, like 21st Street Coffee, and though they don't have a Clover machine to make cups individually, it's still delicious. The interior is a funky mix of bright pastels and European style paneling and wood; a coworker doesn't like it, but I do, so your mileage may vary. The interior has 2 rooms, and a nice layout that gives each table a different vantage point.The pastries are tasty (from the samples I've had), though a little pricey for the size. They often have homemade or farmers' market goods, and the pastry stock appears to rotate.A nice place to sit and study - possibly a bit better for that than for conversation, as the acoustics don't lend themselves well to private discussions (though I've never been there when the place was full, so more ambient sound may help).For great coffee and atmosphere, this is one of Pittsburgh's very best.
4	Big Dog is a cozy little coffee shop, a far cry from what you'll find a few blocks away in the South Side Works.Big Dog is a beautiful shop that is warm and inviting (particularly if you sit by the fire in the winter.)  The drinks were overly priced and were done right - fast.If I lived in the South Side I would be there more often.
5	AMAZING COFFEE.locally owned and off the beaten path.A great way to escape the SouthSide noise.This is everything you want a coffee shop to be.
3	The shop is cozy, and i thoroughly appreciated its real wood burning fireplace and big overstuffed chairs and latest copies of the NewYorker. After walking around Pittsburgh's great little neighborhoods, i must say that the only thing i didnt like about this place was the location. Among the BCBG and H&M stores, this place is a gem. I would MUCH rather go here then the Caribou which is directly across the street. the mixed coffee beverages are no nonsense if youre looking for something to keep you up. Nikolai the barrista is charming with his (slavic?) accent.
5	Big Dog Coffee is one of my absolute favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh.  Its location is a bit tricky, and parking is no small task, but once you make it inside, it's a true treat.The decor makes the coffee shop quite cozy, and the all of the staff are friendly.  But all of that comes after their fantastic coffee.  I've tried their drip coffee, french press, as well as a handful of their espresso drinks, all of which have been superb.  Their baked goods are no slouch either!What has made me a repeat customer is their consistency- consistently great coffee, made exactly the way I like it with consistently great service as the cherry on top.
5	This is my all-time favorite coffee shop. Nice staff, great coffee and baked goods (and gelato!), almost sufficient parking in the neighborhood, takes credit cards, non-deafening music, free wi-fi (though they're not stupid--every hour and a half, you need to ask for another username/password; and while you're doing that, you should really order another drink, because, seriously, you're kind of a jerk if you sit at the coffee shop for hours on end without buying something now and then!). There are enough power outlets, and it's far enough from the campuses that the place isn't swamped. Love it!
5	Big Dog Coffee is great little coffee shop near South Side Works in the South Side of Pittsburgh. The coffee is great and staff are friendly. Free Internet is available just ask for the login/password.Note: don't park on the lot to the side as this belongs to the private apartment building and you might get towed.
5	Big Dog Coffee is the BEST kind of cafe: one that's kind to dogs and people alike, casual, but beautiful & cozy inside, with delicious teas, rich Intelligentsia coffee (the best, really!),  homemade soups, delicious cookies and scones, and plenty of tables where you can nibble your food, talk to friends, study, or peruse your laptop with Big Dog's free DSL. Parking is admittedly difficult, but Big Dog Coffee is sooo worth it. The care and quality in atmosphere, food, and service really shows. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd be a regular regular! ;)
5	This place is one of the best coffee shops in Pittsburgh.  It has an amazing atmosphere that is very welcoming, including a working fireplace to sit near on cold days.  The coffee is as good or better than any corporate chain in the area, and definitely better than the Beehive.  If you have any reading or studying to be done, grab a table or a chair and relax.  They also have wonderful desserts, a friendly staff, and keep a tidy place.  Summer features a nice ( though unfortunately placed right by a shitty building and a dumpster. ) porch area.
5	Wonderful place! Best tasting coffee in Pittsburgh. The iced coffee is especially good. It is cold brewed so you dont get bitterness. First time I had it, i thought they added sugar or chocolate, but no it was black and just the natural flavor of the bean coming through! The shop is the bottom floor of a house and it has a comfortable feel to it. A great place to meet up with people or to do some reading / studying without loud college students around.
3	Great coffee, home made goodies, the owners are pretty sweet.  They sometimes have live music.  The service is fast.  They have a stone ground oatmeal bar in the a.m.
4	They had me at Intelli......that's Intelligentsia. And, they brew it. On the Southside where I lived. The best kept secret of Pittsburgh is how terrible it is to get around in this city. Don't really tell anyone though...because more people should visit the Steel City. And Big Dog Coffee. Especially Big Dog Coffee if you're a 'burgh newbie & are looking for some respite from the Southside bustle. Seriously...am I in Brooklyn or the Southside? It's kind of a big wild party around here...and this place is a clean, well maintained, caffeinated oasis. Parking is a bit hairy...but I suggest just moving to the Southside so you can walk there. And, walk to freshly brewed Intelligentsia coffee -- now that's good livin'!
4	They have Intelligentisa, house made cakes and confections, and gelato - not a bad start.  They have a mellow soundtrack, comfortable seating, and friendly/competent baristas - okay, so far so good.  They have ample street parking, an outdoor patio, and both cold and hot drinks at a good price - plus they have free wifi.Why four stars instead of five?  Two reasons.  #1 - sugar or splenda, no alternative sweeteners.  #2 - the house blend Intelligentsia is one of the worst Intelligentsia blends I've had - acidic and citrusy without much of a base note....thankfully they also brew an estate blend and Black Cat at the same time.If I lived in Pittsburgh Big Dog would be my go-to for studying, hanging out, and reading.
4	I do love their espresso drinks and oatmeal. Why 4 stars instead of 5 then... Their espresso drink is above decent, that is better then coffee tree, and of  course starbucks, crazy mocha or caribou, but there are quite a couple better choices in pgh if you don't live in south side. If I do live in the area, I probably will go to big dog everyday tho.They pull spro out of intelleigentsia, whose espresso blend is one of the best bean among those you can easily buy inside US. Latte foam can be a bit better, but, not bad. Top 5 in pittsburgh I believe. There oatmeal bar is definitely worthy of 5 stars tho. It totally made my day :)) To bad it is only served in the morning and their bread and such is just normal.
4	Ambiance is a 5! Quiet and away from the bustle of E Carson St. BDC occupies the ground floor of a renovated row house. Tables are scattered over many rooms and an inviting outdoor deck. BDC serves Inteligensia coffee (like 21st Street). Oatmeal and gelato are also menu highlights.
5	Love Big Dog Coffee! I am a huge fan of the oatmeal bar, iced coffee and iced lattes. I normally visit this spot everyday before work (oatmeal and iced coffee). The interior space is beautiful, sort of a anthropologie feel to it. A lot of eclectic pieces with out looking like a cheesy TGI Fridays. Also the patio area has charming wrought iron furniture for the occasional nice day in Pittsburgh. Pro: really friendly staff, oatmeal bar, sunny interior, great coffeeCon: Oatmeal bar can be a bit pricey( although the serving is huge), could use a couple more comfy cars. Overall: Great place for studying, reading, first date and people watching!
5	If you need a break from Starbucks or any of the other coffee chains Big Dogs coffee is the place to go. One of their big problems though is parking. If you're lucky a spot will be open on the street. But, be prepared to park and walk far because Sah' siders are notorious for putting lawn chairs out to save their parking places. Good coffee and pastries, great atmosphere, and fun people to watch. Delicious steel cut oatmeal too. Great "coffeehouse" music playing in the background. This place is a real plus for the South Side.
5	Big Dog Coffee is one of my favorite places to get a hot beverage or oatmeal. It has a comfy, modern feel to it, and there is more than enough seating if you would like to sit, chat, read, or study. It is away from the noise of East Carson, which is always a plus in the South Side. I like the Intelligensia coffee (its direct trade), and their other beverages are great as well. One of my favorites is their chai latte. The baristas are always friendly and I like that they serve their coffee a little cooler than piping hot so you can immediately enjoy your beverage.
5	Whew. I thought I was doomed after leaving all the good espresso/lattes I had discovered back in NYC/Brooklyn. (Feel free to check out all my NY coffee reviews, if you are bored out of your mind.) Alas, I was saved by Big Dog.I give 5 stars for good coffee drinks, nice easy going smart people, and an overall chill vibe.
5	Nice place--great coffee, relaxing atmosphere; a nice way to discover SouthSide.  Looking forward to a return trip to Pittsburgh (wish it was for the Winter Classic) to go back to this comfortable spot.
5	The best coffeehouse in the Burgh, hands down.If you love Starbucks, stay away. The is not your run of the mill same old, same old coffee chain ala Starbucks, Caribou, Crazy Mocha, etc. etc. tt is the one and only and it shows.It took more than a year to renovate this South Side loft into a very comfortable and neighborhood feeling coffeehouse and you can tell down to the minute details. From the real fireplace (I am sitting next to as I type) to the handmade coffee bar when you first walk in, Big Dog is something better experienced than described.Everything is made fresh on premises, including the pastries and soups. If you are in the area and looking for a really good cup of coffee or my personal favorite - Mocha Bianca - stop in. You won't be disappointed.
1	Very disappointed after a recent visit.  From the get go, the woman who waited on me was totally rude.  Then to top it all off she went off on a group of women who had their children with them.  Guess it is not a child friendly place like I had hoped!
4	Pros: They carry exclusively Intelligentsia Coffee. The shop was beautiful and comfortable. As out-of-towners, we thought the neighborhood had a funky vibe. My wife's macchiato was great! Did I  mention they have homemade hohos? Cons: my French press came out weak (watery), probably because the grounds were too coarse. I wish they offered pour-over or Clever brewer options as an alternative. Overall, we'll be back, but there is some room for improvement.
5	Awesome coffee, sweet treats, and atmosphere! The outdoor seating is great on a warm Spring or Summer day.
5	It's not fair to compare this coffee shop to any others in the city.  Each place has their own unique charm and style.  Big Dog has some of the best flavored coffees around.  They may just the same espresso beans as the place down the street, but with the combination of temperature and flavorings, they come out a winner. Their oatmeal bar is great! As are all of the pastries they choose to carry.  If we have friends in from out of town, this is a MUST stop in the morning.
5	I moved to Pittsburgh in the Fall 0f 2008 and I am so glad I found this coffee place. The seating is comfortable, the atmosphere is awesome and the staff is really friendly. The outdoor seating is great during the summer and the fire place makes it a warm, cozy place during the winter. The Iced caramel latte is very refreshing and so are the cookies.The owner, Nicolai, is a cool guy and the more to get to know him the better!.
4	Huge fan of the iced coffee here. Not sure what kind of beans they use, but it has a unique flavor that I enjoyed black (typically go for some sugar and/or milk depending).The location is cool in that it's off the beaten path, but that also means parking can be "interesting." I normally stop by when I'm already parked in the area for the close-by Goodwill or.... actually I don't really shop anywhere else in the SS Works.
4	One drive-by visit. Slow time of the day (4PM). Impressed when I walked in and saw Intelligentsia coffee. I ordered a cappucicno breve to-go. Incredibly good. I seriously have no reason to bitch any longer about not having my Bay Area coffee. Pittsburgh is entirely holding its own. So glad I stumbled upon Big Dog.
5	This is one of my two favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh. There's great outdoor seating in the front on padded bench seats that offer a nice "front porch" feel of watching the traffic go by. The back has a nice patio that, despite it being in between a bunch of crummy parking lots, has a dramatically remote and private, calm feel to it where you can sit and read a book, use up some of your free wi-fi, or talk with friends.Inside, there are two comfortable chairs and the rest are standard wood table/chair sets, with the exception of some seating by a wood-burning fireplace that's kept lit almost all winter. There are ample windows for a nice amount of sunlight to save your eyes from the page or screen at which you've been staring for hours.The coffee here is STRONG! As an avid coffee drinker, who drinks a lot of coffee, I find this the most "druggish" around, to the point that I typically need to settle my stomach with one of their delicious, gigantic cookies. The Big Dog Blend, the house blend, is great tasting and smooth, but their regional coffee usually hit's a good note as well. Their specialty drinks are always perfect.If I were to make any complaints, I'd say that I wish they had a smaller size option - they have more, uh, "American" style sizes instead of traditional European smaller options, at least when it comes to cappuccinos. But that's probably because when I want a cappuccino, I really want a macchiato. Also, their prices are pretty high, not above what they ought to be, but above what some other high-end coffee shops charge - especially for plain ole coffee. Their decaf is made by reusing the regular coffee grinds, I'm pretty sure, which is a healthier and more natural way of making decaf than using bleach and a bunch of other chemicals, but my mom got a decaf coffee and it was pretty watery. Just sayin.Everyone who works at Big Dog is friendly and knows what they're doing. Owner is usually on-scene. Great place. Go there!
5	What can I say? It was love at first sip! The experience as a whole here is great! The coffee is amazing! The place is charming inside and out! Even the patrons are thoughtful (taking their phone conversations outside when it was relatively quiet inside). I have found my coffee shop in Pittsburgh.
4	the coffee here is GREAT!  this little gem is only a block away from south side works, which has Crazy Mocha and Caribou Coffee.  But if you are in the mood for a coffee go to Big Dog insteadthe place can get a little crowded though and not much room while waiting in line
4	Big Dog is love. Coffee and ambiance must go together. Frankly, I think the reason I love it here so, so much, is because the slightly creaky wood floors and back patio remind me of my Gram's house ... cozy, comforting, with big chairs and old furniture that beg to be sat in. It's just ... not corporate coffee. And for those of us who live the corporate lifestyle, having coffee in that kind of space is reassuring that the world is still an okay place. They use Intelligentsia beans, a question that a few folks have seemed to pose and I think other Yelpers have mentioned but the reviews might be a bit buried at this point. They roast in Chicago and LA, so chances are if you've had a cup somewhere in those metro areas, you've probably had it before. Other things of note ... amazing gelato in the summer; always an oatmeal bar for breakfast and soup bar for lunch (soups are all homemade), and a ridiculously tempting selection of biscotti and scones/other treats that coffee deserves to spend time with. And ... free wi-fi! Whoop whoop!
2	Barista can't/won't reheat cold coffee. I was told to pay for a refill if I wanted to finish my drink. No, thanks.
1	When I first found Big Dog, I thought it was heaven.  It had good coffee and a great atmosphere.  However, I soon realized it was a complete illusion. The staff are not friendly or even polite- they can't even pull off a simple "you're welcome" when I say thank you.  There is very little seating, and don't bother asking regular customers if you can use the extra chair at their table. Their response of "I'm at this table every week" is completely acceptable by the staff.  The prices are also very steep- Starbucks is actually cheaper!  And if you're carrying three bags, a sandwich, and an overflowing mug and you happen to spill coffee, the staff become even more rude.  Even if you are down on your knees cleaning the mess yourself the only response you get from them is "you'll have to pay for a new one."  This place has great potential- they just need to implement a lesson on manners and customer service in their training.
5	I hate to admit this, but the whole reason I'd never tried Big Dog coffee is because I didn't know where it was located. Now, having been there, I love that it's off the beaten path of the nightmare parade of East Carson Street.I went in on a week night with two friends and the place was a warm glowing haven in the chilly night air. The woman making the coffee was friendly and efficient. I had just a plain black coffee and it was great. The interior is small but cozy and warm. The prices are exactly where you'd expect them to be for coffee of that quality.I've yet to try any of the smoothies or food, but you can rest assured that I will be heading back over for some of that too.
5	This just may be the cutest coffee shop in the Burgh!  It has great food offerings, a great atmosphere and most of all great coffee (or chai in my instance!).As soon as you walk in you feel comfortable here.  There's ample room for you to sit down at a table with your laptop and a tea (which they serve in those cute little tea pots (!!!) and work.  Or you can choose to sit in a cushy rocking car and read.  It may be off the beaten path of Carson St., but I don't think it would work any other way.  Since I had never been in before, judging from only the outside, it looked like it would be incredibly tiny inside.  Not the case, at all!  It's huge!  There's one large room with the bar and some tables and cushy chairs, then another large room with mostly tables.  There's also a pretty decent size patio outside as well.  And the bathrooms, large and CLEAN!  Actually, it's all incredibly clean and well kept.  This proves the point that you don't need to be a "perfect" Starbucks, nor a down and dirty local coffee joint.  You can just be....adorable!  But the best part, the drink offereings.  Intelligentsia to be more specific!  I love their Chai because it's a concentrate and not a gross powder.  Thank gawd!  They also have a full menu of espresso drinks and of course, coffee.  They offer a bunch of different snacks from various local vendors like scones, breads and sweets.  Just enough to grab for a snack while you're visiting.  I will most definitely make this a stop and chill point, a work spot or a meeting place.  Yay for my "new" adorable coffee shop!
5	What up, Big Dog!? I'll tell you what's up, this place is my IDEAL coffee shop. Literally. Figuratively. In my dreams. In Pittsburgh. In my Pittsburgh dreams. Why, you ask? Well, I'll list out the what's what: *A customizable OATMEAL BAR. Yes! Oatmeal with all the fixins: brown sugar, walnuts, chocolate chips, dried fruit and more....! A perfect alternative to pastries and sugary treats, but still a filling breakfast. I love this. Love, love, love it. It's so simple and so great. Mine was piping hot and kept me full well into the day. SO much better than a muffin, and better for you! Roughly $5.50/bowl. No refills, of course. This ain't a buffet, and how much oatmeal can one really eat, anyway!? I might just put one of these in my house. *Wonderful coffee and tea offerings served in REAL MUGS if you are hanging out. Not to mention, INTELLIGENTSIA coffee brewed and served. Be still my Chicago-loving heart. *Bright, clean, spacious, cozy: A fireplace, plenty of sturdy tables and chairs. Bright paint, wood floors, just a down home comfy feel that makes you want to sit around all day drinking great coffee, reading books and chatting with dear friends. It just makes you feel HAPPY. Well decorated. Nicely appointed. *CLEAN BATHROOMS. 'Nuff said. *Friendly staff. You'd think this would be a given at a caffeine-slinging coffee shop, but it ain't always the case. We were greeted with warm smiles and helpful suggestions. Bad ass. Big Dog. Do it. *accepts credit cards*free wifi
4	This place may be a five-r but I've only been there once and had black coffee so I'm really more reviewing the atmosphere--which was great.Cozy and charming as a good coffee shop should be.Friendly staff, cute decor.As I enjoyed my coffee, a group of friends gathered to play a board game over drinks.I like what that said about this place.
5	I love this place so damn much. I've been looking for a place in NYC that matches its awesomeness, but I've been coming up short.* bombass oatmeal bar* employees who smile and treat you like a human being!* intelligentsia* beautiful, cozy space* accepts credit cardsWhat more could you want?
5	I finally went to Big Dog Coffee today and I love it!  I had a coffee and a croissant, and both were excellent.  The atmosphere was cozy with warm colors and adorable vintage-y decor.  I liked that the owner was there in the morning and serving customers alongside his employee - both were very friendly.  The lack of parking almost made me pass it by, but parking is never ideal in the Southside.  Big Dog is only a few blocks from my work, and I will definitely be back for more.
5	For the sake of not boring you dear readers by being redundant, I will just say this:Best. Cafe. Ever. Love!!The end.
5	So cute!I spent some time here today and loved it. The coffee was great and I love that they use really big cups, so that when I ask for a lot of room for cream, it still feels like I'm getting  a full cup of coffee. I also had a toasted, buttered croissant that was so delicious that I didn't even care that I spent the rest of the afternoon covered in croissant flakes.
5	I love this family run coffee shop. The service is great, coffee and food is delish, and the inside inspires me to be productive. I love that they take advantage of wall space and feature artists. I can't wait to go back and sit next to the fire. Check it out, Big Dog knows what's up.
4	I came into Big Dog Coffee on a miserable cold, rainy morning seeking a caffeinated beverage and something to munch on.Upon walking in I was astonished how this little establishment just blended in so well with the neighborhood in South Side. I mean I wasn't expecting to find a coffee place with spot lights beaming through the sky, but Big Dog naturally blends in with the existing south side neighborhood. The coffee shop is very home-y for anyone, maybe that's why I stayed for three hours. I felt as if I was in a relative or a friend's place drinking coffee and browsing on my laptop, I loved how comfortable and cozy the place is. I loved my Mocha, it was definitely top notch and better than anything I've ever had at a coffee place that ends in -bucks. Big Dog offers an awesome oatmeal bar and some other delightful breakfast goodies. I'll definitely be back.
5	My wife and I love this place. A very non corporate, inviting, homey atmosphere. Our new favorite coffee shop.
4	So I'm not really a coffee aficionado but I'm a big fan of coffee shops and the different atmospheres in each.  Simply put, Big Dog has just about the perfect vibe.  Just off of busy Carson Street, it's quiet enough back there to feel isolated from the action going on only a block or two away.  But it's really right in the middle of the active South Side.The girl at the counter was very friendly, and sincerely asked about my day and what was going on as she prepared my drink.  As I sat outside on the small porch another staff member walked by and exchanged a second friendly greeting.The interior, as well as the staff, is very friendly too.  The front room has a couple old chairs that looked very comfortable and I'm pretty sure I'll be sitting in one of them next time I stop by.  They also have a slightly larger room towards the back with a few pieces of art on the walls and a small porch, open to the great outdoors (of Pittsburgh). I'm surprised how long it took me to get to Big Dog after hearing so many good things about it, but it won't be long until I'm back.
5	I stopped in with a gift card the boyfriend had in his wallet for a year in search of some caffeine to help power me through a long day at my second job in the southside. It was chilly when I walked down to Big Dog and upon walking in it was like walking into your Grandmother's house. (If your Grandmother had impeccable taste in upbeat fun morning music and hip style.) it was warm, softly lit, inviting, and smelled so good. I ordered my usual coffee and opted for a bagel with butter to go. Everything was delicious,as I had expected it to be. The coffee was hot and strong, but not that Starbucks "I can't drink this." strong. I know when I have time and a morning to stop down I'll be sure to try the oatmeal bar they have set up in there too.As always, extra friendly employees with great attitudes that never make you feel rushed or dumb if you don't know what something is. I love love LOVE Big Dog.
5	Awesome coffee shop. The staff is friendly, the coffee is amazing and the atmosphere is unique. I love stopping here when I visit Pittsburgh.
4	I stopped in to this coffee shop on a sunny Friday morning.  I had a bit of trouble finding some parking... the Pittsburgh Parking Chair was out in full force...  but I ended up finding some on a residential street about a block away.  The coffee shop itself was quiet and quaint.  There were many people (some sort of study group or something) out on the patio so I stayed inside.  I enjoyed sitting and reading a bit and it was obvious that this was not your typical "run in/run out" Starbucks but it was a place where people lingered an worked.  I had a bowl of oatmeal with fresh strawberries, walnuts and chocolate chips.  I was super yummy but a bit on the expensive side.   This shop was in walking distance to the South Side Works shops and was a great start to a leisurely Friday morning.
5	Nice and quiet place for coffee. They have outdoor seat too. Latte tastes smooth.
5	Love this place!!! They have full leaf tea which they will ice for you -- after it is brewed correctly! I love that they give you a pot of tea and let you keep the leaves for multiple infusions during your stay there. Every barista I've had has been a pleasure to deal with and every time I've stayed, it's felt like I was sitting in the living room of a friend. Great place for tea, coffee, and conversation!
5	I have a warm fuzzy feeling just thinking about Big Dog Coffee, for more reasons than one. First off, I went here with my boyfriend for our first anniversary. Since we're both from the Pittsburgh area, we thought that we had tried every coffee shop in town. But thanks to Yelp, I found a new place for us to try on our special day -- and it did not disappoint. We both got plain black (Intelligentsia!) coffee in big lovely mugs. It was strong but not bitter, and left us feeling great rather than over-caffeinated. My boyfriend got the best croissant we've ever tasted, toasted with some jelly. I had a small chunk of banana bread -- nothing groundbreaking but definitely a delicious treat. The staff was very friendly and made sure to great us AND say goodbye on our way out -- definitely a great way to make your customers feel welcome. The decor was clean and quaint yet also hip, perfect for any coffee lover. There was plenty of seating so that we didn't feel as though we were hogging the two big comfy chairs we sat in for about an hour. Also, really nice *clean* bathrooms... a strange thing to comment on, but a really nice thing to have.When I move into the city this is definitely going to be a regular spot for me. I love that it's just off the beaten path, placed perfectly in a residential area in easy walking distance to the main drag. Thanks for making our anniversary such a great one, Big Dog! I'll be back ;)
2	Stopped in once for a chai tea, hot coffee for the wife, who is a coffee snob (you know you are, honey). I was curious to try this place, as I had toured it a few years ago when it was ripped down to the studs and was on the South Side home tour. It was really very cute inside. We got our beverages and got a slice of banana bread to go. Well, I'm sorry to report the banana bread was really dry, the chai tea was weak and downright flavorless. Wife hated her coffee. With every sip, she said, "Ooooo, not good". "I don't like this", until finally after giving it one last try, wincing, and throwing her overpriced beverage in the trash.The decor is cute, but the quality of the product just wasn't good. We will know better next time.
5	We discovered this place by accident early one morning while waiting in line at REI for their famous sale of remaindered goods to get under way. First, my son Brendan and I happened upon it, and liked it so much that I dragged my wife over to share the experience of why we were so enthused. "This is a destination place for coffee!" she raved. In other words, it's worth driving to the South Side from East End, to enjoy the atmosphere as well as the brew.
4	I really enjoyed this place. So nice and clean but really cozy.  Nice outdoor seating.  The staff was really friendly.  drinks were good, however my chai was a little to milky and was missing flavor.  I just have to laugh because I went there with  my husband to enjoy a good beverage and every seat at the front was taken by a person with headphones in and working away on a mac book. It was soooo quiet in there, i felt like I was in a library not a coffee shop.  I think there were only 2 other tables in the whole place that were actually having conversation instead of staring at a computer screen.
5	I live at this coffee shop. They have some of the best coffee in Pittsburgh and definitely in South Side. They Brew Intelligentsia coffee, out of Chicago, which is pretty awesome stuff. They use it for their drip and espresso. They also have guest roasters from time to time, the most recent being Klatch Coffee out of LA which was pretty awesome.The owner is a great guy and the barista's are knowledgable and skilled the the espresso arts. It's a cool place to hang out and read a book, do some work, and hang out buy their wood burning fireplace. You have to check it out,
5	Big Dog is my husband's go-to coffee shop, and since we work for the same company, I often end up getting coffee with him. Well, needless to say, it's quickly become my go-to place, too.I don't have extensive coffee knowledge. I like both milk and sugar in my coffee and my coffee is more tan than black. But Big Dog is SO GOOD that the quality and flavor of their drinks overcome the fact that I water them down or only order lattes.I highly recommend this spot. The baristas and owner are great - very funny and easy to make conversation with. It's the sort of spot that draws you in and will make you not want to go back to work....Essentially, skip the Caribou, Starbucks, and Crazy Mocha, because if competing head-to-head against any drink, Big Dog will come out on top. They're simply the best. Meandering across the street away from the chains is totally worth the additional steps.
5	This place is great for a nice cup of coffee and a conversation or a good book. I loved the decor and the wood burning fireplace. It was so cozy that I could have stayed for a while, and with the delicious Intelli coffee, there is no reason I wouldn't.I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh. Until then, I highly recommend trying it out.
4	Great hidden gem in the South Side! This is a great spot to enjoy a pastry and coffee, sit and read, or chat with friends. It is definitely a nice change from Starbucks and Caribou.
5	Simply the very best coffee shop here in Pittsburgh, and possibly the very best out of any I've been to anywhere.Delicious coffee, tasty pastries, a great atmosphere, and wonderful people work and hang there.Can't beat it.
3	I don't know. The place is nice. The coffee is good. But it's not out-of-this-world good. From the reviews, I expected a religious experience in the coffee quality, but it wasn't that. And the service staff are too-cool-for-school art students who'd never let a customer see them smile; I'm sure they'd seethe at being called service staff. The coffee is good, the oatmeal bar is a nice touch, the interior is cutely done, but I didn't leave Big Dog shuddering and speaking in tongues or anything.
5	A+ for ambiance!  I love this place.
5	Probably the best coffee shop I've been to in Pittsburgh. It's got a good 'vibe' to the place and the girls working are almost always very friendly. My favorite part is that they don't over-steam their milk. Seriously, there's even a sign by the counter warning you that it won't be Starbucks (lava) hot. If I order a latte, I don't normally even bother with syrup. By steaming the milk to the correct temp, you get some of the natural sweetness of the milk. It's great to be able to just start drinking your beverage rather than waiting around for it to cool enough to avoid burning your mouth.Of the food I've sampled, it's all been pretty good, but the coffee is the highlight.
5	Among the best coffee and coffeehouse treats I can find around the 'burgh.Their coffee and espresso selection itself is great, as is their cold brewed iced coffee. And their service is consistently friendly and helpful.What's good mean?  My favorite order in summer is an iced latte. I often enough go to Caribou because it's right downstairs, and sometimes go a block to Crazy Mocha... both are good, I like Crazy Mocha better.  But when I get to Big Dog and get my iced latte there, it's that first sip where I always say, "oh, that's good"... it's just a richer tastier drink... what can I say?They have a variety of treats, especially the oft-mentioned oatmeal bar, which are consistently very good.This isn't a slick corporate chain kind of place, but it definitely has an identity of its own. Cozy seating at about a dozen small tables, plus a few outside. Pets are welcome.A favorite for me to walk a couple of blocks and relax or read or have a 1:1 meeting.
5	I was were almost every day for two months studying for an exam and this place was awesome. The coffee was excellent, the baristas were very nice and they let me just sit as long as I want in quiet. The coffee is also the best in Pittsburgh, in my opinion and the patio is great.
4	I stopped in here late one night before making a very long 7+ hour drive back to Long Island. It was a wet, chilly night and what I needed most was a solid cup of joe.This place got the job done in splendid fashion and I only wish I could have stayed longer, as the place had a vibe all at once cozy and inviting. Hailed as the best coffee shop on the South Side of Pittsburgh, I was excited to test the claim and did so with a Cadbury Creme Egg Latte.The drink was beyond good. There was no creme egg mixed in - it was simply a concoction of flavors set to mimick the taste of one, combined with strong, rich coffee. My girlfriend and I were blown away. I remember her remarking, "Can't you taste the difference? Of this versus a Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts?" And I had to admit that yes, this was good coffee, full of natural flavors and with premium ingredients.We walked around the place and the decor was cute. Very old school, with a blackboard and chalk to note the day's selections and lots of colors and funky props. Even a mini chandelier above the display cases!They had soups, pies, cookies, breads, pastry, gelato. Everything looked tasty. There was also outdoor seating available.Sadly, we were at the end of the trip and only got the lattes. Next time we are back in town, we'll stay longer and sample the baked goods.Reasons for subtracting a star are pretty much due to not having enough exposure to give this place an "all-time best" recommend and also problems with parking (tiny lot, very little street parking). Certainly the coffee was great and our barista was friendly and knowledgeable.I am excited to make a return visit and try more epic coffee goodness!
5	Loved this coffee shop, where Rachel C and I plunked down this morning to get an hour's worth of work done. I had already had several cups of coffee so decided to move on to something lighter. I saw iced tea on the menu and asked the friendly guys behind the counter if they had iced green tea. The one guy said he could brew it hot then pour it over ice for me, and then he proceeded to explain the four different kinds of green tea they have. So beyond nice. I selected the emerald tea and it was earthy and delicious. Just what my body needed. Rachel took a sip and told me it tasted like grass, but we had already established that our palates are wildly different. If you like green tea, you'll love the emerald.There wasn't much seating inside though we managed to snag a table. There is also a super cute patio outside, where a lot of people were happily typing away. Free wireless and no password necessary, by the way.Loved this coffee shop and I'd be hitting them up on the reg if I lived in the 'Burgh.
3	Good coffee, great service, great atmosphere.In my book, Big Dog is one of the best cafes in Pittsburgh. My $4.50 medium mocha was excellent. The atmosphere is clean, comfortable, a bit upscale (a good thing), quiet and perfect for 1-on-1 conversations or quiet study. There is a fireplace, comfortable furniture, and high ceilings.I met a friend here at mid-afternoon on Saturday. Big Dog was full but not crowded.This place feels like it was taken out of the West Village. Definitely a great way to experience a lazy weekend morning or afternoon.
4	Nice place! I stopped here on a Saturday around 11 AM. Ordered an Americano and toasted croissant with jam (they also have bagels toasted with cream cheese, oatmeal, and an assortment of baked goods). The Americano was good, though not great. The croissant was absolutely delicious. I took a chocolate chip cookie with me, and it was also great.The place is beautiful -- very spacious -- but if the weather is agreeable, there is also a cozy, peaceful outdoor patio. I sat outside and brainstormed notes for an hour or two. I think they have WiFi but I'm not sure. I'd definitely come back if I stay on the South Side again.
5	Love this place. Out of all the coffee shops I've been to in Pittsburgh, this is one of the best to do work in. Good WiFi, calm and beautiful atmosphere, great staff, and amazing drinks. Their coffee is strong and tasty. And the price to size and quality ratio is much more generous than a lot of other places. Their buttered snacks and delicacies are delicious. There may not always be space on the weekends to do work but the wait for a seat is definitely worth it.
5	If you're looking for a nice, quiet place to relax with a decent cup of joe, this is the place.  The genuine cafe feel is a great escape from the crowded, corporate chain experience.  The cafe is adorned with comfortable furniture that you would have in your home rather than industrial chairs and tables, and the live fireplace is a great touch in the winter months.  It's a wonderful place to sit and read or study.  I've occasionally had problems finding two seats together, but something always opens up eventually.
5	This place is great! Nice warm atmosphere complete with a real working fire place. The baristas are all cool laid back people. It has a unique vibe to it. It's artsy, yet not pretentious.
5	Serving direct trade coffee and tea and local baked goods, among other good treats. This place is my second office and living room - great atmosphere - currently soaking in the warmth from a cup of single origin Guatemalan coffee and their amazing fire place!
5	Love this place. Great atmosphere and amazing Intelligentsia coffee. You should definitely go here for a cup of joe. I tend to rate most coffee shops by their cappuccino and this place has a great one!
5	Amazing ambience!  Super- chill vibe.  Cozy w/ with just the right amount of pretension.  Abuzz with interesting folk.  Great place for a date, friend(s), or solo.  Yummy yogurt, nice 2-cup French press.  Love it all around!
5	A really nice place to go for some good coffee.  They have a lot of froo froo drinks if that is what you are into but also have good coffee for people who are serious about it.  I love that they have a "real cappuccino" The is impossible to order in a large size because that is not what a cappuccino is.Yesterday when I ordered a double espresso they even asked my what kind of espresso I wanted and were able to tell me the differences between the choices.  Big plus for me.The baked goods are always varied and always look tempting.  They taste pretty good too.There are 2 cozy rooms to sit in inside and also a outside area for in the summer.  I think it's a bit of a shame that the outside area is fenced off from the sidewalk though.  Not good if you just want to take in the neighborhood and watch people go by.Would highly recommend this place.  If you are in the Southside Works and want a good coffee, take the time to cross the street instead of going somewhere mainstream.
5	Comfy chairs? Check.Fireplace? Check.A delicious soy latte in a big fatty mug? Check.Outlets for my laptop? (yes, I know, slightly obnoxious) Check.The baristas were extremely nice and accommodating. I felt like I was sitting in someone's home.Music wasn't too loud, and the two rooms really make the space feel cozy (even though there are plenty of seats)Will be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh for sure!!
4	What! intelligensia in pittsburgh!? My hipster frustration (thinking its only in san fran/chicage/LA) was piqued. However, i got over that very quickly getting into the cool vibe of the place and the nice staff. AND the great iced latte. Double however, it would have been a debatable 5 stars if they had fresh/legit milk with it. If you are serving intelligensia and live near 800 dairy farms, should be standard.
4	I'm a big fan of Big Dog Coffee.  It's a relaxed, welcoming shop that's big charm, even if it's just two rooms.  I love the dog items and the dog friendly atmosphere, too.  Usually it isn't too loud or too quiet to work, the chairs are comfortable, and the coffee is top notch.  I could stay here for hours!  I love the cranberry bread and the muffins are amazeballs.Now, the drinks deserve a paragraph unto themselves.  The tea selection is extensive.  You get your leaves loose in a small French press (and you also get a second fill of hot water included).  They have plenty of caffeinated coffee creations to keep you happy if that's what you're in to - I personally lean more coffee than tea.  This is the place that will give you a funny look if you order a macchiato but really mean that you want a latte - they don't mess around with the goods and I appreciate that!  Big Dog takes coffee seriously, along with everything else that they do.Pros: coffee is amazing and created with attention to detail, baked goods and other food selection is extensive, tea is fresh and loose, hours are great (open later)Cons: baristas are sometimes a little curt and impersonal unless you're a regular, can be hard to find a seat if it's a day that everyone comes in at the same time, real talk: the ladies' room is always freezing! What's up with that?
5	Delicious coffee! A melt-in-your-mouth chocolate chip cookie! What else could you ask for?
5	There are a few times in your life when you regret a decision. The decision to drive across town to come here is not one of them. After a heavy dinner downtown, the girlfriend and I wanted coffee. But we're members of Coffee Drinkers Anonymous, so we're super picky. Needless to say, this place is amazing in every aspect possible. From the time we walked in, we were in love. The prices are cheaper than anything you can get at some chain. The espresso is pressed and roasted in front of you. The milk wasn't to the barista's satisfaction, and so he took the time to dump it out and tell us that it needed to be better. It took thirty seconds, and the result is one of the best cups I've had in a long time. Oh, and I forgot the saucer-sized chocolate chip cookie. It was super fresh, moist, soft, and delicious. And two huge mugs and the cookie cost me ten dollars. Needless to say, if you're even close, just get here. It's that great. Don't argue, just do it.
2	Not enough heat, tiny tables (if you want to use your laptop), people constantly walking in and out of the stairway (there's residence upstairs), so-so coffee -- maybe there's more of a sense of community? people seem to know people here, but for someone not familiar with southside, it's not the best coffee house and definitely not worth taking a trip out there.
4	It's quite a welcoming place and the best coffee on the south side. I enjoy coming here to get work done while sipping on a cup of coffee. The bagels are also pretty great as well. The barista's are a bit interesting, but oh well.
5	Huge coffee place! Friendly barista And excellent cappuccino.
5	Thoroughly enjoy this place. Great atmosphere with a warm, crackling fireplace this morning. Ordered a pot of their loose-leaf tea and the unfilled cup was already warmed so you were not putting hot tea into a cold cup. It made such a difference!
5	Thank you yelp. Thank you for leading me to this amazing spot that's only a hop&skip away from where I live. First off it is adorable and breathable. Very cozy. So I only tried two things but both were stellar. I stuck with my classic caramel iced latte. Amazing and refreshing. It wasn't filmy like some other places. Then.... These chocolate chip cookies that they get from a bakery in homestead look like cartoon cookies, so hard to describe please go see them, taste them! Lol so amazing! Best cookie I have had in a while! The service both times were super friendly. They also have a nice pitcher of ice water and cups by the napkins and sugar. It was a pleasant plus. I love stuff like that! They also have a cute little outdoor seating area that was so nice at night to sit in the silence of a random nook of south side. Anyway I would recommend to anyone looking for a new favorite spot. I've been there twice since a week ago when I finally went. Everything about it won me over.
4	Love the warm inviting space, and they pass the soy cappuccino test with flying colors! I don't think I would bother trying to enjoy coffee drinks anywhere else on the Southside now that I've tried hanging with the Big Dog.
5	This is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. It feels like you're at someone's adorably decorated home. The drinks are made with care and the baristas are really nice. They have great espresso beverages and the chai latte is one of the best. It has indoor and outdoor seating.
4	Big dog coffee is one of coffee shop that I wanted to try and it's also on my to to lists while in Pittsburgh. I came here last week with a friend, you probably won't notice this is a coffee shop because the location. The spence of this place is quite big, there are two rooms and court yard which already caught my attention. This time instead have latte or coffee I had cappuccino and bagel with cream cheese. The cappuccino taste just right you don't even need to put syrup or sugar. I don't get cappuccino often because sometimes it taste too bitter and strong. Yet I like their cappuccino, also the toasted bagel was good to just put less cream it would be great. Besides coffee they     serves sandwiches, smoothies and yogurt. You can customize your yogurt according to your tastes. Not to mention a lot of places does not yogurt bar and bagel mostly they just have bakery. This place has win my heart already. It's my second favorite coffee place in the city so far, if I live in the neighborhood I would come here frequently.
4	Charming, comfortable, and when the barista recommends the chocolate chip cookie, you should definitely say "yes" - it was delicious. The iced tea was also a really nice blend of fruit flavors - pomegranate, hibiscus.  I have a feeling once I try the coffee, I'll give Big Dog 5 stars.
3	Really cute coffee place- seating options inside and out. I got the caramel latte and it was fab. I gave 3 stars (3.5 if I could) for the service. I think the women in front of me was a regular since the two women baristas were chatting her up, but then once I got to the counter they turned stone-faced. Huh? I was polite but they would only give me 1 word answers to my questions. Then I watched another two gentleman get treated totally differently. That bothers me.
4	I absolutely love this "hidden gem" of the southside. There are quite a few small coffee shops in the south side as well as a Starbucks and Peet's coffee and this place beats them all, hands down. I love their caramel latte. The atmosphere is cozy and perfect - exactly what you would want in a "local coffee shop". A fireplace is always lit in the winter and there is a small patio of outside seating for the summertime. The only thing keeping it from being a 5-star for me is the service. They always seem to be nicer to the regulars that come in there than the every once in a while goer like myself. They have never been super friendly any time I've been in there. Maybe I'm not "hipster" enough.Still overall great coffee and atmosphere and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great cup of joe in the south side!
5	Great local coffee shop. I've had the drip coffee and espresso; both were top notch quality and exactly what I wanted. They also have pour over, which is impressive for Pittsburgh!Plenty of indoor seating and a nice patio in the back. Bathrooms were clean. Not sure if they own the WIFI, but there is free WIFI that worked well for me all morning. I would definitely go back to this place!
5	Quiet, cozy, lots of seating..good place to get some work done. Cute outdoor seating. Awesome art on the walls!!
4	This place is beautiful! I love the look and design of the space, from the awnings outside to the exposed brick inside. The only drawback for me is the actual coffee. I'm not a fan of intelligentsia coffee. It's way too strong and bitter for my taste. Next time I go, I'll opt for a tea or espresso drink instead of a regular cup of joe.
3	While I find this to be such a cute, quaint coffee shop, the coffee in my opinion is so so. The service is great and they do have a variety of coffee here, I am just not a huge fan of the coffee. It doesn't have a bold, robust taste to it in my opinion. I also find it frustrating that parking can be difficult. You would think that since it is on a side street it would be easier to find parking but Southside is just so overcrowded that it is impossible.  The setup and interior of the shop is really neat. It has a warm, comforting feel to it. It has that old Southside building charm with ornate architecture but made modern with a rustic chic interior design and color palette. They also have a very small outside patio area that is relaxing. Overall, I go back every once in a while because it has a sentimental value to me, one of first dates with my husband. However, if you never stop in here you are not missing anything besides the serene environment.
5	This is the most adorable and cozy coffee shop that I have ever been to. Friendly staff, gorgeous pop art on the walls, comfy chairs and a little fireplace! So cute. I have been here to study quite a few times. There's an awesome back patio area for the nice weather days and an adorable back room with small tables - plenty of places to study. From the outside, big dog doesn't look that large , but you will be surprised when entering the building - there's lots of space! When I went, I ordered a Mocha Bianca, or a white chocolate mocha- yum! It was presented beautifully and tasted wonderful. Next time I go, I plan on getting some of their awesome fresh organic tea- if you have the tea in the shop, they give you an entire little pot! They have tons if tea flavors too! One of the cutest things about this place? A lot of stores in south side are "no dogs allowed" but in big dog, you are more than welcome to bring your friendly pup in while you order yourself a drink. They even have a little container of treats close to the door. Love this place! I can definitely see myself coming here regularly to study or to have a drink with friends.
5	What a gem of a place! My husband and I loved the unique atmosphere created by pop art juxtaposed against the antique, well-preserved features of the building. The outdoor seating in the garden/courtyard is downright charming as well. The baristas are relaxed and friendly and have mad skills. We've been here twice so far, and both times our lattes were perfectly balanced in taste, with just the right amount of foam. Definitely one of our favorite finds in Pittsburgh!
5	I love Big Dog - the coffee is great and the atmosphere is really artsy, cozy and cute. Perfect place to study, work, or just to unwind. It's definitely a hidden gem on the southside and one of my favorite coffeeshops in Pittsburgh.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find that Big Dog serves Intelligentsia Coffee, which is great. The baristas are always friendly and professional. Every time I've been there I've had good, fast service. The pour-over coffees are quite good, but they do take a little bit longer since they are not often ordered here. The espresso (usually Black Cat) is also good, with the baristas knowing how to properly extract a shot.However, the milk they use is so awful that I can't order milk drinks anymore. After multiple attempts ordering a cappuccino (thinking maybe it was just a bad batch of milk or a new barista) the terribly sour taste of the milk drove me away. If you are adding heaps of sugar, you may not notice, but I find the milk to be sour and sharp rather than properly complimenting the espresso with natural sweetness.On that note, the pour-over coffees are great, and the tea is also worth ordering. The atmosphere and location is great, with the patio in the summer and fireplace in the winter. Probably the best place in South Side.
5	This is the best place to get coffee in Pittsburgh. There are other places that sell incredible coffee- Espresso a Mano, Prestogeorge Coffee & Tea, La Prima Espresso, and Marty's Market  come to mind.However- if you want your coffee shop to be supremely comfortable for doing some work or meandering around the internet- look no further. I've never had Wi-Fi issue unlike many places. This is the best place to unwind no matter what the weather's like outside and enjoy some coffee while getting some work done. Their chai tea latte is the best I've had in the city. Some places can't get that right.The atmosphere is great, it's a beautiful old town home with multiple fireplaces, eclectic furniture, and bright colors everywhere. The staff are very friendly. It's a great place to go and I'm sure you'll keep coming back.
4	I stopped by on Tues. after attending the Chef's Best Dish competition at the Circuit Center Ballroom.  It was bitterly cold and windy that day, and there weren't any free drinks at the event, so I figured I'd drop in for a nice hot drink before heading back home to Oakland.After perusing the tea menu, I decided on the 333 blend, which was a mixture of peppermint, chamomile, and another herbal tea, since I was in the mood for something soothing.  While the barista was friendly, she didn't ask if I wanted my coffee to drink there or to go, even after telling me I could wait at a table for my coffee.  She put it in a to-go cup, which meant that I didn't receive the full teapot that others have mentioned that you receive if you drink your tea there, so I was a bit bummed about that.  However, the 75 bus came more quickly than I anticipated, so I suppose it worked out for the best, after all.In addition to the tea, I also ordered a buckeye candy, which I'd originally tried at the Beehive coffee shop on the other end of Carson St.  Although it's been awhile since I had that one, so I can't really compare, I liked the fluffiness of the peanut butter in this one, which reminded me of the peanut butter found in Reese's Cups.As many others have mentioned, I enjoyed the atmosphere of this coffeeshop, which I'd describe as quaint and cozy. This is a welcome difference from the coldness and sterility of chain coffeeshops such as Starbucks and Crazy Mocha on the one hand, and the eccentricity of the Beehive on the other hand.While my experience was generally pleasant and I don't have any complaints aside from the barista's failure to ask whether I wanted my drink to go or not, I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come here unless I happened to be in the neighborhood.  Having said that, I can see myself dropping by if I'm in the South Side Works or down this end of Carson St. and am craving a hot drink or a place to hang out and kill some time.
5	hard not to patronize this establishment during a Pittsburgh stay. The quality of breakfast is impeccable, especially Pittsburgh. Efficient service, and location at a rate of Parisian brasserie. Its location on Park Avenue gives a special restaurant. Price may be an obstacle, counting $ 20 per person including tip. Avoid small round tables located at the entrance (winter cold air current). A short wait at peak hours but a very well-performing organization that limits this small inconvenience. After a breakfast at Big Dog Coffee snacks can be enough for lunch.
4	The fire place is so great for cold Pittsburgh mornings! I enjoy the atmosphere weather studying, working, hosting meetings or catching up with friends it's a great cozy space. The drinks are a bit pricey, but its worth it supporting local business owners who are great community members.
5	Cute atmosphere, wonderful friendly staff and service and the best latte I've had in a while which is saying a lot, because I'm picky about my lattes.
5	The large latte is HUGE.  Tasted good.  The place was packed when we got in but fortunately enough we got seats soon as the order was ready.  Very comfortable environment.
