5	Owwwwwww.  That's how my butt felt when waking up yesterday morning. And I owe the pain to my previous day hike at Pinnacle Peak.  I consider myself to be in pretty good shape- i weight train, spin, kickbox, or do something active pretty much everyday. But nothing compares to hiking because it's a great workout, you don't even feel like you're working out (until you wake up with the butt pain the next morning) and mountains excite me after growing up in Florida.  Unfortunately, there are no mountains to hike in Chicago so when my hostess with the mostess, Gabi K, suggested we wake up early to hike Pinnacle Peak I was all for it. If I lived in Phoenix I'm guessing you could find me hiking Pinnacle Peak on a weekly basis. The view from the mountains is absolutely breathtaking and it really is the perfect hike...steep enough at times so you get out of breath, but nothing that's going to kill ya. The entire hike took us about 1 1/2 hours although those crrraaazzzzyyy peeps who run the hike are probably done in half that time.
5	Pinnacle Peak is a consistent workout buddy of mine... I've been hiking PP since I moved to AZ more than 3 years ago, and I'm always happy when I get my ass over there and do the 3+ mile hike.  It's not the most challenging trail in town, but it is a good workout and the way it has ups and downs, it's almost like an interval workout.  The views are amazing, and the others who are hiking are usually pretty friendly - if you're not a fan of crowded trails, do not go on the weekend.This is a great hike that out-of-town visitors enjoy as well... pretty much anyone who comes to visit me gets to go hike PP with me!  It's an out-and-back trail, so if someone is less athletic and doesn't want to do the entire trail, there are resting points and/or they can turn around at any time.I say this every time I go, but I seriously would like to go more often to hike PP... go, and maybe I'll see you there!
5	This past weekend, I hiked Pinnacle Peak for the second time.  Its a great hike because its challenging but without killing yourself.  I was on a date... and I would recommend this hike for this type of activity.  You can talk to each other without getting too out of breath.  Also, there are some 'romantic' spots that you can relax and take a breather.Not only for dates, but I think this hike is good for out of town guests.  There are some great views on this hike for picture taking.  And, also, the footing is very even.  Less chance for sprained ankles, bumps, and bruises.  Just like most of the hikes in the area, parking is limited.  But, there are plenty of spots on the road... you just have to walk a little longer.  But... hey... you are out for a hike, right?!
4	So here is my thought. You have a beautiful October day , a fun family that likes to exercise together, a mom and dad that love the AZ desert  so Pinnacle Peak is a great place to put it all together for our family. Welcome to our Weekend Hike. I love the feel of a different "type" of  mountain to climb.My husband and I usually climb  Thunderbird Mountains  or Camelback. This was different with a  gravel path  instead of a large rocky path. The  hike is also unique that it is a turnaround versus a point to point hike. Watch out for the variety of people .The path is narrow and some people are unaware of the need to move over for faster climbers.
5	I LOVE pinnacle peak park! Even the park ranger people are so sweet.We just moved to the area and I love hiking anyways, so it this is just the cream of the crop! I had to write a review today because we saw a BOBCAT tonight!!!! Yes, a real-life bobcat! It was so little that I was only scared for the first second
3	Very picturesque, gorgeous views, out of the way for most people, esp. 4 me.  I like loop trails, this is not 1 of them, (it's an innie & an outie).  The paths are fairly narrow, which equates into rubbing elbows with many other hikers (share the trail, btw) quite a bit.  {sorta ruins it}.Also, no dogs, and i hate not bringing my hiking buddy.  Further, this is VERY busy.  (Kinda takes the whole 'zen' feel all away.  You don't  feel at 1 with nature kinda thing with this hike).
3	my stupid ass actually thought that this would be a summit trail because the name has "peak" in  it lol. this is a very nice trail and beautiful and probably one of the best and lowest prone to accidents if you wanna run through it, like most trails though it can get crowded and finding parking can be a pain in the ass
5	This is a fantastic hiking trail! You get there from going North up Scottsdale Road then turn Right on Happy Valley, go East to Alma School and turn left. The trail is 4 miles overall (2 in and 2 out) and rises quickly. There are basically 2 peaks. The 1st has a view platform that looks North. It describes other mountain formations and points them out with markers. The second looks South and does much the same except that you can see the Phoenix and metro areas. This is a popular hiking trail so if you are planning a weekend excursion remember that the parking is limited so you may have to park away from the hiking trail entrance but it's only about 1/4 mile or so away. They have bathrooms, a fountain for water and a shade area. Be sure to stretch as there are a lot of stairs going up and coming down. Some take a walking stick. ALWAYS take at least 2 bottles of water. Try and hike early when it's cool if your hiking in summertime. Horses are also allowed on the trail and always have right of way. You'll hardly ever see one though. In the spring there is a fantastic display of flowers on the south side of the 1st peak as you descend. Bring your camera. You should use hiking shoes because the ground can be a little slippery with fine granite/dirt. Beware of snakes when spring time comes. Always look at the ground ahead of you to be safe. There is other wild life there as well. I have seen both snakes and a bobcat once. If you are challenged by a stair stepper machine then this may be a challenge for you. Be careful. The back section will kick your butt. Knees will be challenged coming down the trail. Other than those words of practical caution, Enjoy!
5	After a long week of being trapped in a conference room, I really really needed to be outside.  Pinnacle Peak helped to put me back in my normal happy place.This spot is very popular and can get really crowded on weekends.  I wanted to enjoy a little bit of solitude, so I arrived as the sun was rising.  Good choice - there were only a few others around on this chilly morning.The 3+ mile trail is an out-and-back route, with enough ups and downs to keep it interesting.  Like a stairmaster, but better because you aren't in a gym squished next to some icky sweaty person.  The well-maintained path is packed gravel, so you can spend more time enjoying the beautiful views rather focusing on where you are stepping.For those that want to take their time and learn a little, there are small signs along the route that label various plants, as well as two rest points with markers to tell you the names of the mountains you can see in the distance.  Get up!  Go outside!  You will love it as much as I do.
4	Easy to moderate hiking overlooking the Troon golf courses with views of Four Peaks and most of the Valley. It's a little over 3 miles but it doesn't loop around.  Very well marked and maintained.Watch out for snakes - I've seen a few of them and some of them quite big!
4	PP is consistently rated an "easy" hike and I really don't know why, maybe because it's not very long.  I've hiked pretty much all the "moderate" mountains and a few "difficult" ones and I think Pinnacle Peak is at least moderate.  It is not easy.  As others mention, it's important for a variety of reasons to realize this is not a loop, or "up and down" trail.  You go up, down, up, down, up down, (you get the idea).  In face, the most challenging part is the first "up" after the last "down" (aka, the midpoint).  The "way back" is more challenging than the way out, particularly that first 1/4 mile which is UP.  So just pace yourself and be prepared for the way back to take a little longer than the way out.  A steady walking hike takes about an hour and fifteen.  I have friends who run it in 45.  If you're not a hiker, just prepare for closer to 2 hours and take breaks.   In any case, it's a nice hike.  No shade, though, so prepare for that too.
5	After some of the hikes I've been doing, hiking Pinnacle Peak the other day with some girlfriend seemed like an easy stroll . . . almost.Still got a good workout in.  Could see bringing my 3 1/2 year old son here for a hike, could see myself hiking here on a daily basis.It's all good.  Well maintained trail, beautiful scenetic views, full facility.
4	Pinnacle Peak Park lies on the North end of Scottsdale...I think.I hate only giving this hike four stars but I'm such a water lover that I just couldn't do it.Being in Az I should have expected the dry, but I'm such an east coaster it didn't even cross my mind. However, the trail was so beautiful I thought I had to rate it and add some pictures.Everyone should check this place out, the views are fantastic!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Sierra Club rates the 150-acre Pinnacle Peak as a moderate hike with an elevation gain of approximately 1,300 feet.  The trail has a very smooth tread with a number of ups and downs over the course of the 1.75 mile trail (one way).  It is not a loop trail so you come back over the same trail.  High point on the trail is 2,889', the lowest point is 2,366', and the elevation at the trailhead is 2,570'.   Hiking, horseback riding and rock climbing will take you to spectacular views of the valley .  Rock climbing, for experienced climbers with appropriate gear, is permitted in three areas of the park with a variety of routes and skill levels.Amenities are a parking area (trailers are ok), restroom, drinking fountain, ramada, and 4 picnic tables.Interpretive programs and trail signs describe the flora, fauna, geology, and cultural history of the area.The park is an ideal habitat for a variety of native plants such as Saguaros, Cholla Cactus, Creosote plants, and for creatures such as Bobcats, Gila Monsters and Western Diamondback Rattlesnakes.  Hiker safety is important to us, so please read Park Rules and Safety Information.(This except is included in the Pinnacle Peak Park website.)http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/parks/pinnacle
3	Great hike but very busy even on a Monday and thats why I give it only 3. I got stuck behind and in front of very chatty people, so if you want to get away from it all this isn't the hike for you. Great views and challenging enough trail, it is harder coming back to the trailhead, so make sure you can make it back.  As always bring lots of water, I still can't believe how many people I saw without water!
5	Pinnacle Peak is my top choice for a beautiful place to experience, see, & admire the great beauty of the Sonoran desert. The hike itself is gorgeous, whether looking in towards the peak and trail or looking outward to the surrounding landscape. I became absolutely enchanted with Arizona on this hike. The trail is covered with many different varieties of cactus & beautiful rock formations. Looking out to the surrounding area is very beautiful as well - there are other rock formations & hills close by and the housing development is unobtrusive. I wasn't sure what to expect from a hike that is in the middle of a bunch of houses because I normally find obvious evidence of civilization to interfere with my enjoyment of nature, but the houses are very muted and I really only noticed the great beauty around. The hike isn't too challenging, but just enough to feel like you've gotten a workout and are totally deserving of a delicious sonoran brewing company beer from the steakhouse near the parking lot.
4	This was my first real visit to Arizona and the only hike that we got to go on, but it was quite lovely!  The park was easy to enter and park, and they had a very nice restroom station when you arrive.  The trail itself had some steep inclines, but seemed easy enough for all ages.  The view were amazing and I loved reading about all of the vegetation along the way.  One of my favorite parts was where you can stop at this observation area and view the surrounding mountains. They had mile markers and sites where you could bend down and zoom in on which mountain was marked.
5	This was my first time hiking the WHOLE thing today..I must say it was a gorgeous, challenging and perfect hike trail. It is very well maintained and even though I am a total dog lover, I think it is wonderful that they aren't allowed to keep Pinnacle Peak as beautiful as it can be. Bring a lot of water, camera, and if you go in the middle of the day like I did- SUNSCREEN! It was breathtaking views from all angles, enjoy!
5	Extensive trails, manicured walkways, over 20 species identification signs and the lookout with sighting distances to far away peaks.  This is more akin to a well groomed city park than a mountain hike.  Not very tough but there is a lot to keep your interest.  Don't miss it but don't go on a crowded weekend either.
3	I was excited to try Pinnacle Peak, mainly because I've lived and hiked in AZ for over 15 years and have never been here.We had to park pretty far, right in front of Pinnacle Peak patio.  The trail was extremely crowded, especially towards the first 1/4 mile.The other hikers were not friendly either.  I'm used to hiking where everyone smiles and says hello when you pass.  No one did that.  I think out of the hundreds of people I passed today, I got one hello.  At one point at the very end of the hike, when there was a huge clump of us that were all stuck together, a runner came by complaining "Jeez!" really loudly because she wasn't able to easily run past us.The hike was pretty good and had beautiful views, but I was expecting a summit.  I was surprised that there isn't one.  You hike until you get around the mountain and then you just come back around it again.  I was pretty bored by the end of the trail.  I look forward to that goal of getting to the summit and having a sense of accomplishment.  I didn't have that today.  You just got to a sign that said "End of Pinnacle Trail" and you have to turn around.That being said, I think this is a good place to take families and kids.  It's an easy trail.  There were lots of wildlife out.  We saw some type of lizard (I hope it wasn't a Gila monster, but to be honest, it looked like it) sunning himself on a rock.  There were also a lot of birds and some funny looking large red beetles.  I also liked that they had signs for the different types of trees and cactus.I don't think I'd come back though.
4	This is a great trail to hike for all ages. Its not too challenging but the scenery makes up for it. It's never too packed every time I've been. The parking is plentiful and the area is easy to get to. There's bathrooms and hiking guide at the beginning of the trail. There's places on the trail where you can rock climb as well. We completed the whole thing in about an hour and half. We never felt too winded.. its a good trail to hike as a pre-workout before heading to gym.
5	So far, my favorite place I've hiked. Probably because it's been the easiest hike I've been on. It's very scenic, great views right from the start. Love the area, not too short, yet not to long. Gorgeous wild cacti that are amongst the tallest I've ever seen. No dogs on this trail-Crowded on weekends
5	Great hike! Excellent for beginners, fitness buffs, or visitors looking for a good view. The trail is 1.75 miles each way, and the signs suggest allowing 2 hours to complete it. The trail is not a loop, and consists of two summits. The first summit is Pinnacle Peak itself, with 1/2 mile leading up to the Grand View. The highest point of the trail is just before the 3/4 mile mark. Just before the one mile marker is the Owl's Rest, a nice stone circular seating area that offers great views of the Valley. The trail up and down the second summit is only 3/4 of a mile, but it is much steeper. The first summit can be completed by people of all fitness levels and offers some of the best views, while the second summit is better for those looking for a cardio workout.I recently moved to the area and started hiking the trail last month. With little to no prior hiking experience, my first trip was a challenge. We went on a Saturday around 9 am when temperatures were in the mid-80s. I took the first part of the trail too quickly and had to take a long break on the way back from the second summit. Despite struggling, we finished the hike in 1 hour and 50 minutes. Since then, I have hiked Pinnacle 4 more times, on both weekdays and weekends. With enough water and short breaks, I have been able to complete the hike in under an hour and 30 minutes. Most people I encounter on the trail have been friendly and respectful, with the occasional runner speeding by with no warning. I have also seen a few runners take a tumble, so please be careful! The terrain throughout is mostly smooth but there are some rockier parts so trail runners/light hiking shoes may be helpful.The trailhead facilities are very well-maintained, and offer restrooms, water fountains, and trail information. In addition, there are volunteers who walk the trail each day offering water. Parking can be a problem, but I have gone at peak times and still been able to find a space in the lot itself.Advice for locals: go after a rainstorm. The views are spectacular and the air smells wonderful. I went on a Saturday morning around 7:30 am and braved the 40 degree weather. I saw less than 10 other people and enjoyed some tranquility on the usually crowded trail.
4	There are two groups of folks you'll see on Pinnacle:Out-of-towner/tourists Locals with big lips/tits/egosRegardless of which group the hikers fall into, everyone is very considerate and willing to move out of the way for those who are truckin' along faster than they are.As others have suggested, it is NOT a loop trail, so it's a up/down/up/down and repeat kind of hike.  There are two mid-hike seating areas with look-outs and distances to the other area mountains - pretty cool.Beautiful views, but that's to be expected!Parking: park on the street.  Don't even bother trying the parking lot, as there are always several cars stalking for spots.   (Which BTW, I will never understand why someone who is about to HIKE A MOUNTAIN will wait 10-20 minutes for a parking spot to save a few steps...!?)The only minus are those parents who bring their very young kids along and don't supervise them as they dart in-between people (or alternatively, the parents yell at them when they say they're tired/have to pee - stupid parents).
5	As you come up to Pinnacle Peak this appears like it will be a daunting trek. As you watch people seemingly go straight up on switchbacks you may get the impression you are in for heavy workout. However, this is a hike for beginners to intermediate level and is a well-groomed, easy going trail.The first part of the trail leads you up close to Pinnacle Peak top, but then wraps around the mountain to three main checkpoints, to give you various amazing views of the city and mountains. There is enough parking close to the trailhead and some information on some of the shrubbery and cacti of the desert along the trail.I don't feel like most people are familiar with this mountain trail, but for any level of outdoor enthusiast I would definitely recommend it.
5	The hiking at this area is beautiful!  The trails are smooth, besides viewing mountains- you get to view the beautiful homes in the area.  It is not at all a strenuous hike, but it will make you sweat.  Definately a place to check out!
4	Would you like to feel close to Heaven while still just a couple of miles from King Smoothie? Me, too! That's when I hike Pinnacle Peak! This is, by far, one of my favorite ways to start my day when visiting Scottsdale; I'm always rejuvenated and never let down by this trail. Although there are sections where the steps and overall grade are steep, the trail is well-maintained and not difficult if you allow enough time. It's 1.75 miles one way (not a loop trail) and the whole 3.5 mile glorious trek takes me about 95 minutes with stopping to take pics and sip agua :)Do your lower extremities a favor - hike here soon!
4	This is an excellent place to hike. The hike is easy- moderate based on your fitness level, but not strenuous . The view as you go up is quite nice - a combination of mountains, city, golf course and beautiful homes. Some rests along the way are also there. There is plenty of information on the diverse vegetation as you make your way up. Its not a loop so you come back the way you went up. Parking is limited but possible on the street. Highly recommended hike in the fabulous Arizona spring.
5	I love it here.  A great way to start most mornings for me.  The staff is always friendly and constantly working to improve or maintain the trail. The trail is walkable just be sure to stay to the right to allow faster hikers by and make sure you have plenty of water.  Hope to see you there!
5	Pinnacle peak was my first trail and it was a challenge but such a rewarding adventure. The trail is well kept and the staff there are very attentive to everyone using the trail. The view is fabulous and breathtaking, the trail is steep at times but the view helps with the needed strength to continue on this trail. I do advise to drink at least 16 oz of water before you begin the trail and carry plenty of water to assure that you do not suffer from hydration. I recommend this trail to anyone wanting to exprience a God given exprience and view of creation. Love it.
4	Pinnacle Peak is located just outside of Phoenix and I did it twice in one day. The first time I ran/walked up and then because it was so beautiful, I did it again, but the second time I brought my iPhone so I could take photos on the way. It's absolutely gorgeous and one of my favorite ones in the area so far. The hike is only 1.75 miles (one way) and you climb approximately 1,300 feet with the highest point of the trail at 2,889 feet. It's not a loop trail so you go down the same way you go up. One of the pluses of this trail is that it's well-marked so you won't get lost. They also have guides that walk up the path an hour before they close (at sunset) to make sure everyone is off the peak - so no chance of being left behind. The only downside of Pinnacle Peak is that it can be crowded on the weekend. I tried it one Sunday morning and even at 6:30 a.m., it was crazy busy. It's less busy during the week.
5	I love this hike - it's a little under 4 miles roundtrip going up and down and back and forth the whole time. If you take it at a decent pace (or take it twice), you'll get a great workout and wonderful views of North Scottsdale. I've never seen it "crowded" but parking gets busy and at times and you may have to pass (or be passed). All the other hikers are very friendly though!
4	Love this hike! It's doable at a fast or slow pace, + still a good workout all around.No need to park on the street either, there's usually plenty of parking in the lot outside the entrance.
5	Pinnacle Peak is a great moderate/easy hike if you are in decent shape. To go to the end and back is about 4 miles which was the perfect distance for us. Lots of signs and information along the way about plants on the path which I liked, and many park employees passing by as well. I went on a rainy day but it was still very enjoyable and ok to do, unlike other peaks with more rocks which get slippery. Google maps will take you to an abandoned road when looking for this- just keep driving toward the mountains and you should see signs.
4	Decent out and back trail. Good views. Make sure you go on the .125 mile jomax trail and touch the gate to make it a full 4 miles round trip!
4	WOW! The most cleanest hiking trail I've ever seen anywhere!  Lots of unprepared tourists hiking the mountain as well as residences of Troon.  It's not a tough trail, therefore easy on those that never hike.  Many of the plants along the trail have informational signs about the plant which is cool if you have never seen a cactus or desert plants.    The views are beautiful especially in the Spring with the flowers in bloom. If you have guests coming from out of town and want to experience a hike, an easy one, this is the one to take.  It's about an hour from Central Phoenix but worth the drive.
4	Pinnacle Peak is a great all level hike. The paths are extremely well maintained and very clean. The trail is patrolled by volunteers to ensure your safety. There is an information center at the trailhead that is staffed by volunteers and there are also restrooms which is a nice feature.Pinnacle Peak may give the impression that it s a relatively easy hike. Well, I would say that it is a moderately challenging hike and a great workout. Bring plenty of water with you and start early as it can get warm quite fast and the park along with its parking lot get crowded. Wear light clothing, a hat and sunscreen and you'll have a great time. Take your time to enjoy the views and rest in the shady areas along the way. Most importantly, if you do find yourself out of water....stop  and make your way back, you'll be glad you did. Nothing worse than running out of water when hiking...on top of that, it's downright dangerous! Have fun!
3	This is a very simple hike.  For those who are beginners to the hike and trail running world I would say this is for you.  Not to say I didn't have fun.  The trail itself is well defined and the view from the top is just as good as any other hikes around.  I finished my run in 35 mins or less, but it was an easy day for me.  I needed a new view aside from my usual Camelback or Squaw Peak so this was perfect.Overall, nice hike and easy.  Getting to the top is very simple and the view is just as spectacular! - Enjoy!
5	Best hike in az hands down I love I love it!! pretty paved trail. Beautiful scenery, so clean! There's a golf course, tons of parking and its very well maintained. There is a bathroom as well.
5	WOW! That is all I can say is WOW! You would have never guessed I did a 12+ mile and 28 obstacle race in Utah ( in which I had to climb the mountains 3 times)  just recently the way that this mountain kicked my butt. I will chalk it up to me still being a little tired/sore from that race for my failure to keep up. Yea that was it! LOL. I loved every grueling minute of it and the views are spectacular. Plus I even got to see some AMAZING houses that are hidden behind the mountainside. I really cannot wait to do it again even though it was the stair master from HELL!!
5	Really nice hiking trail!!Had never hiked this one before, opting for either Camelback or Squaw Peak (Pistewa?).  Not as challenging as either of those, but a good leisurely hike with outstanding views.Definitely recommend this place to connect with nature.  And to envy the multimillionaires homes (and pools) which you get a great view of :)
4	This is a very scenic and simple hike for the most part. Not nearly as tough as Squaw Peak. It only takes like 40 minutes to reach the 3000 foot summit, but none of the reviews mention that the trail goes back downhill again (you could turn around here) and just kinda wanders another 1/2 mile before winding up in a golf course. It really isn't necessary, but a good extra workout and a few more good views after you reach the top. Some of the houses are really pretty and you can saw them and a whole lot of cactus too. Plenty of rest areas, but overall an easy hike to the peak.
4	Peaceful, short, and effortless trail.  Beautiful views of the surrounding area.  Enjoyed a light breeze of clean air on my trek.
5	Love this hiking trail! Sometimes it's crowded, but the trail is well kept and has beautiful views.
4	Great place to trek. I was there with my wife and kid couple of weeks back on a beautiful semi-cloudy day. I think its the best time to trek these peaks. My wife and 4year old girl were trekking along with me. Had to carry my little one couple of times but other wise she enjoyed walking and running along. Great views from above. One word of advice, never try to touch those tiny cacti. I tried touching a nodule of teddy bear cholla which was lying on the ground.. and the next thing I knew was my four fingers got tangled with the thorns deep in my fingers. Was able to get them out only after 10 mins ! Overall great experience and adventure for me and family  :)
5	A great hike!  This is great for all levels of hiking and great for families.  If you are in Phoenix/Scottsdale and looking for a great hike - then go.  It is a crowded trail and the parking lot fills up fairly quickly.
4	Beautiful hike! The trails are VERY organized and smooth. I would easily give it a 5 star if it wasn't for bad signage to find the trailhead. Fix that and this is a 5 star!
3	Easy to find, plenty of parking (don't get scared and park 700 miles way like my dear hubs did- even when its crowded there's plenty of movement right at the entrance of the park)Beautiful desert, easy-ish hike, here are some points to consider:NO DOGS: they are extremely strict with this.VERY popular spot on a Saturday- you will be in a loooong line of people of all abilities/ages climbing up and down the trail. Its probably infinitely more enjoyable during the weekdays.Be wary of the "runners". When I went, some were polite, some were rude, and some were just ridiculous: leaping and jumping in front of people walking slower. My son was actually pushed out of the way, they can be aggressive. In my honest opinion, that trail is just too thin to accommodate these people, unless there are no crowds.The view is really beautiful at the top. But then you must climb down exactly the way you came- it does not loop.So, I would give it a solid 3 stars, its a perfect level for a beginner.Bring water.Also I second the motion about those "Teddy Bear" cacti: do NOT go near them (or any cactus for that matter) they will "jump" on your clothing or skin and embed their spines in you. My poor nephew had this happen !
4	This is a very good trail for hikers of all levels, which is why we almost always take our out-of-town guests here rather than some other trails around town. Parking is easy (except perhaps for some very busy windows), no special equipment or even fancy shoes are really required, and the scene is a very good showcase of Arizona beauty. You can run it, walk it, or take it in at a leisurely pace.While there are just a couple of steep sections mostly at the start, the climb isn't rough at all and the trail is very well established. It's fairly wide throughout, so it accommodates a couple of people in each direction. It is a "there and back" rather than a loop, which is actually nice for people who may not want to make the whole trek or for less active hikers that may tire more easily. While you may encounter some runnners, most people know proper trail etiquette (we all know there are some party poopers out there but they are few and far between). The only feature I wish were different is the dog policy. With the popularity of the trail, I understand the restriction and it is easier to keep clean this way, but I do miss my four-legged friends. For being a quick drive from town, this is a terrific go-to hike.
5	Beautiful hike and great, well maintained trail. Bring water and a camera. The full hike is 3.5 miles round trip and will take a couple of hours. Don't miss this if you are in the area.
1	Have not hiked this as it is the first park that comes up under dog friendly parks and there are signs all over that say NO dogs
5	Great trail to ease your way into hiking.New Year's Resolution #1: Get my a$$ off the couchThis proves difficult when faced with bone-chilling, negative-degree, gray midwestern winters. Gyms? Pfftt... I'd rather not have an audience to my pathetic attempts at "fitness".Pinnacle Peak was easy peasy, perfect for everyone of all fitness levels. I may not have the gumption to run up and down the trail but everyone seemed cognizant of each other's pace. Nice views, well-structured (stop and read about the different flora!), and good access to parking.
5	I love this hiking trail. Anyone from beginner to advanced can enjoy this trail. The distance is anywhere between 3.75 to 4 miles, an In & Out path. Well paved and on some days very well traveled. As many as 800 to 2000 visitors come on a given day, except in summer ( a given). I highly recommend to take to chance to visit this mountain. The views encompass all points of the valley.
4	I went on this hike with the hike and brew UYE group...which was awesome! This is not close to my house and therefore would never be a regular hike for me. Despite this, the facilities are very nice, there are nice places to take a  break along the trail. So why not 5 stars? It was really easy.... all of the switchbacks make for a pretty flat hike and when you get to the 'highest point' there is no view....what's up with that? The actual peak isn't accessible via the trail and obscures your view of the city....not awesome. I was pretty disappointed. The backside of the hike is a little more of a challenge than the front but still nothing too difficult. I guess it is a testament to my personality, but I like a hike that goes straight up to the top of the mountain so I can get a good view and a good workout and be done with it.... maybe I have no patience, but if you are like me, this may not be the hike for you. Otherwise, this is a pretty nature hike that is fairly easy, so go for it!
2	I took an out of town friend here who wanted a fairly easy hike. I read reviews that said this was the place to come for an easy-moderate hike and gorgeous views. I probably won't be coming back here for these reasons:1) I personally wasn't impressed with the views. 2) The hike was way easier than I thought it would be. Lots of ups and downs and flat stretches. 3) No summit. I typically hike squaw peak and camelback so I probably am unfairly comparing the views and good workouts from those mountains to this one but personally, just not my cup of tea. If you are fit and looking for a good workout, go elsewhere. It would probably be better to run this trail.
5	Absolutely a beautiful place to hike! Whether you're A. A beginner B. Out of practice C. Out of shape or D. All of the above (like me) Pinnacle Peak can still be conquered! I love that there are multiple sitting areas at the bottom, and along the hike for resting and taking pictures. The paths are clearly marked  and easy to follow and are wide enough to move over for the faster more experienced hikers, again while you rest and enjoy the view! ;-) There are also signs dedicated to letting you know what types of plants are there, a great distraction for the younger hikers aka good excuse to stop, read, photo ops and catch your breath! A wonderful way to enjoy the outdoors and get a decent work out too. I survived, my 8 year old princess did too! If we can do it so can you!
4	I really enjoyed this hike even though I did not make it all the way to the end. In spite of the fact that the other reviewers seem to think it is easy, the up and down aspect made it challenging for me. I would have pushed myself a little further to make it to the end if I knew that the whole way back would be downhill. Anyway, I did make it to the highest point and so I got to check out the rocky peak up close (the trail does not actually go up to the very highest point on the mountain, that is restricted to rock climbers with proper equipment). I also really liked the scenic view about 1/4 mile before that. There was a small resting area that was laid out like a compass and there were rock markers with the names of landmarks on the horizon carved into them with the distance of how far away they are. That was pretty cool. I also liked that there were a lot of plaques with the names of the different desert plans along the trail, too. So it really gives it a "nature walk" feel. They have a decent sized parking lot (though it was full when we went) and also bathrooms and a small booth where a park ranger was available to answer questions and hand out pamphlets. I was pretty impressed with their facilities.Even though this is pretty far from where we live, I plan to do this hike again and hopefully work my way up to finishing. Even though it's not long, the up and down is like interval training so I am sure it would be a good workout to do on a regular basis. Some people were even running it... so kudos to them!
4	This was the first peak I successfully walked up in Arizona.  I was with a group of Yelpers of just about every physical condition and we all made it to the first summit.  I actually made it about halfway up the next smaller hill and at least half the group made it all the way to the end and back.  The views were worth it.  Considering how many people walk this trail it is maintained in really good shape.  The parking lot isn't big enough but that seems to be the case with every hill in the valley.  The wide street leading in to the park has enough parking to just about double the available.
5	I am a gym rat.  I go to the gym every day for 1 1/2 to two hours.  I started hiking this trail regularly about 7 weeks ago.  It is not horrible, but it is not as easy.  Those switchbacks are killers.  The only thing that keeps me going is my mantra, when I am doing those damn steps.  I love that it is not a loop and if you are hiking with a group, people can hike at their own pace and what they can do.  The views are really pretty, but I am probably partial since I live practically around the corner.  I am glad I started this routine, but I am sure I won't keep it during the summer.
4	Love this hike. It is a one way (not a loop) so you can manage your time and exertion as much or as little as you like. When you reach the peak you can go further for quite a while without steep slopes but when you get on the other hill things will become more challenging again.Bring water no matter what time of year it is and if it is in the warmer months you will need to bring lots of it. Outside of the landscape views there is a lot going on right near you as well. A good number of plants are described with signs and insect life and animal life are fun to catch if you concentrate to notice them.I have been on the trail several times during different points in the year and have only been to the end once to date. One time during the warmer months I wanted to get there at park open to see the sun rise -- which I did -- however, while I waited for the gate to open there were a few jumpers that started before the ranger got there. They made note of which vehicles did not have people in them and did their best to find the trespassers -- I have no idea what the penalty might be but I suggest not trying to find out!Another point (which I have not taken advantage of) is the people who manage the park (be they rangers or volunteers) seem to be very helpful and knowledgable. Maybe one day I will focus on this fact and learn a lot more about the place I have been exploring at random.
5	One of my favorite places to hike. The views are amazing and it is moderate level of difficulty. Plus there are some great restaurants to have lunch at after:)
5	Love this place!  Great place to go safely hiking and get a workout.  But it is a trail where it is harder to come back - more uphill.  Most hikes you reach your peak and then it's all downhill from there.  Not this place :)  Great views!  Usually see Chuckwallas (lizards) and I just saw my first rattlesnake on this trail and I have probably hiked this trail 20 or more times.  If you are visiting Scottsdale, you must go, even if you just get to the peak, without heading over to the second mountain.  Fabulous!
5	Awesome experience!  I hiked this trail 3 mornings in a row this past week.  It has difficult parts, however it is doable.  I had my 11 month son on my back the whole time.  The views are great and everyone on the trail was super friendly.Highly recommend anyone visiting the area to check this place out.  Go early!!
5	I love Pinnacle Peak. It has a moderate-level, one-way, 3.5-mile hiking trail located by the Troon neighborhood at the north-end of the City of Scottsdale. It's a beautiful park with some great views of it's own as well as the north-end of the McDowell Mountain Preserve. The difference in elevation from the lowest point on the trail to the highest isn't huge (just a few hundred feet; about 300 to 500 feet), but  it'll easily get you're heart pumping pretty good with all the going up and down you have to do. The trailhead consists of a parking lot with a generous number of parking spaces, but parking is also allowed along the sides of the street coming upon the park. You'll need them on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the AM. This place can get pretty packed to the point that I've seen a long line of people along the side of the mountain as you start up. Before you make  you're way up on the trail, you are greeted with restrooms, an info area staffed with stewards, a veranda, and about 6 tables with benches on either side.There are two areas on the trail with places to sit & rest or just enjoy the views. You come upon one of them pretty quickly on the trail; maybe around 3/4 of a mile from the trailhead. Pinnacle Peak is really great for families or for casual hikers just looking to be outside for a little while to enjoy the views, the sunset, and the sunrise. The second rest/viewing area is located down the end of the first peak right before the little valley that transitions into the second mountain on the trail. I highly recommend Pinnacle Peak for trail runners or hikers looking for a quick workout. It's not a long trail so it doesn't take long to travel the entire trail and back. Trail runners should avoid avoid the peak times of Fri, Sat, & Sun in the AM. I might mention that dogs are not allowed on the trail. Furthermore, the hours of operation varies according to the season; for the most part that's from sunrise to sunset. The hours are posted at the trailhead and I'm sure it's also available on the park's website. You'll find stewards along the trail to let you know it's time to turn back when it's near closing.
4	How much you like this hike depends entirely on what you are looking for. If you're looking for a nice relaxing hike that isn't too hard or too short than this is it. If you're looking for a good workout or great views than both Camelback Mountain and Piestewa Peak are better. Found a pretty good description of both the hiking and rock climbing options available here http://www.fuistetravels.com/wanderings/2014/7/6/pinnaclepeak
5	I visit Scottsdale frequently to spend time with family. The first thing I want to do when I get off the plane is hike Pinnacle Peak. I don't care if it's 112 degrees in August, I'm doing it! This is a great workout if you're up for trail running or even just walking--I'd probably leave friends/relatives with heart conditions at home, however, as it's not quite an easy hike for those not accustomed to a steady climb. I love this trail so much that after I broke my ankle running it, I made it the first thing I did the next time I visited. THAT'S LOVE, DAMN IT... or maybe just insanity.
4	I've been in Scottsdale for only a month and have hiked Camelback, Tom's Thumb, and Piestewa Peak. This trail is great and you really get a solid workout! I really enjoyed the views and will definitely be back as this is a trail that I can bring friends and family who are visiting and not overwhelm them with an arduous climb like Camelback.
5	Beautiful hike. It is usually busy but this can be nice if you are hiking by yourself.  We take visitors here as it is not too difficult and if you get tired you can just turn around and head back.
5	Moderately easy hike, with beautiful views! This hike is great whether for jogging or for relaxing. Can't wait to do it again soon!
