1	One month!  Why didn't I follow my one month rule?  I usually wait a month after a restaurant opens up before going there for dinner, but I haven't been to Binkley's or Cafe Bink before.  With all the great things I heard, I had to go to Bink's Midtown as soon as I could. I regretted it.My girlfriend and I went on a Saturday night and waited to talk to the hostess.  We waited a while, and I started to see what was happening up front.  The guy ahead of me said.. "hey, what's going on? do we have a table or should i wait outside.. what do you want me to do?" they finally told him his table was ready.  My turn came up and I sat there for 5 minutes watching them take one page after another and clip them together.  Why didn't they do this before hand? We were seated right next to the front door, but I would have rather been in the more inviting living room.  At least I wasn't seated outside where it was freezing.Our water came out promptly, but we waited 10 minutes before the server came.  We ordered a carafe of wine and waited another 15 minutes before that came out.Service aside, I was excited by the menu.  We ordered the beets, leeks, risotto, mussels, parsnip soup, sweetbreads, beignets, squash, and brussel sprouts.  The waiter's eyes went a little wide, and he grabbed the table next to us to make more room.  Five minutes later the hostess came by and asked if we were expecting more people and why we didn't tell them?  I felt offended that they thought I pulled over a table and didn't say anything to them.  I explained the situation, they paused, and he walked away.20 minutes later. yes, 20 minutes later. our food finally arrived.  Of course, as they were putting the food on the table, they knocked over a glass of wine on to my girlfriend.  She somehow ninja'ed her way from getting anything spilled on her.  The worse of it all though, was she had to ask 2 different people to replace her glass of wine.The food was some highs and lows.  The foei gras donuts and mussels were okay.  The leaks, beets, and risotto were great.  We especially loved the cheeks in the leaks.Overall though, I just wasn't happy with the place.  The service was horrible, and the staff had no energy or personality.  With all the waits we endured, I just can't recommend this place to anyone at all.What's worse is I give the valet my ticket and watch him almost stall out my car 3 or 4 times while trying to back up.My two cents. Stay away for a few months.  Maybe then things will get better.
5	Reading the previous review, I am very surprised with their experience at Bink's. I too dined at this great new restaurant last night and experienced the five star service I expect from Chef Kevin Binkley and his staff. Keep in mind, this restaurant has only been open since Wednesday, March 20! My friend and I were 15 minutes late for our reservation and still were seated promptly, first on the patio and then when we decided it was a bit too cold they told us we could wait a bit for a table or sit at the bar. We happily sat at the bar where we enjoyed the bartender, Joby as well as the sommelier, Amy Binkley's service. After a great wine recommendation, we ordered the beets and the burratta. Both were served in approx. 5 minutes after we ordered. And both were so tasty! We also received a little gift from the Chef, an order of sweet and sour sweetbreads, which were delicious! And not something I would usually order so it was a great treat. Next we asked for help choosing between the cauliflower and the broccoli. Joby said to go with the broccoli and he was spot on! Finally, we ordered the risotto and it was the best part of our meal. We wanted seconds, but opted to try a cake doughnut (just one!) before we finished up, paid our tab and headed home. The bill for all of that food and a bottle of wine, only $80!!! My review of this restaurant - incredible food, polite, accommodating service, overall wonderful experience. I will be back! In fact, I already made another reservation for next Saturday!
5	I've been anticipating the opening of this place, so tonight was like Christmas, except sans creepy Uncle's.Location is where Sophie's French Bistro once stood.  I have many good food memories there, so I walked in with some slight trepidation.  I brought along a GREAT FOODIE friend, as support.   Thanks Meschelle!!!The decor is perfect.  They've made some inspired changes, including French doors in the back (mirroring the front) which makes the place feel larger, more open and inviting.  The service was wonderful.  Very friendly, patient and informed staff.  We dined at a table and had cocktails at the bar afterwards and received perfect, comfortable and personal service in both cases.Now, what follows is border-line food porn, so gird your loins.  Ready?I skipped the cold and hot starters all together and dived right into two appetizers:  Crispy Sweetbread Nuggets and Foie Gras Beignets.  The former is my new favorite thing!  Perfectly done!  Perfect texture!  The sauce coating seemed vaguely Asian influenced.  The latter is nearly a dessert dish.  Rich and wonderful.After much himming and hawing, I finally decided on the 5 Spice Duck for my entree.  Man, did I choose well!  Everything looked great on the plates of the few diners around me, but I had ZERO buyer's remorse when my plate arrived.  It was beautiful.  The seasoning on the duck seemed layered, just enhancing the natural flavors, yet adding a certain  "I don't know what?"    It was cooked perfectly per my order.  I can't wait to eat it again.After, we'd decided to have a dessert: Tangelo Cold Soup.  Tangelo sorbet, tangelo sauce, smattering of blueberries and kisses of blueberry meringue, artfully plated.  Then, a pour-over of liquid nitrogen.  With some places, this is mere show.  In this case, it works! It's totally functional to the dish and couldn't be executed with the same aplomb without it. Cocktails afterwards were very well done.  There are a lot of little things: ingredients unseen elsewhere, wonderful techniques (employing some molecular gastro-tech on a few house cocktails!), spherical ice.  It rounded out an amazing evening of dining with a friend.Go there. Eat. Drink.  Give them all your money. Seriously.
3	Three of us decided on trying Bink's today for a work lunch.  The interior is quite nice.  With the weather being so nice, the doors were open....and we had flies buzzing around for the next hour--they need to get some screens in place.I had read about their hot/cold starters.  The bread that came to the table was undercooked and doughy.  Had the cauliflower and dates (hot and cold).  The cauliflower had a nice flavor, with a hint of yellow curry--it could have been warmer.  The dates didn't have much presentation or integrated flavor.  I'd skip that next time.  My table mates had the brussel sprouts--high marks.  Also the sloppy joe and a salad.   Service was slow even though we were one of maybe 2 other tables inside and a few on the front porch.  20 minutes plus on the food delivery.  We waited again about 10 minutes for the credit cards to come back.  All in all we would go back and are looking forward to their happy hour.  I think when they get the service honed it should flow better.  Nice staff!
4	In a nut shell the main dishes were very good and some things didn't knock it out of the park for me but they just opened and might still be working things out so that should be noted. Even with the only SLIGHT misses I still think they are deserving of a four star rating.I thought the roasted cauliflower with yellow curry was delicious. The sauce was mild so you could still taste the vegetable and currants and better almonds in it. Cafe Bink used to make a curried chicken salad that tasted very similar that I enjoyed.The marinated Leek dish was the most attractive dish we tried but for my taste it was missing something since it was so delicate with little flavor. I looked for salt and pepper but the tables don't have any on them so I went without. They weren't awful just lacking with flavor for me.The Deep Fried Baby Back rib came out a bit dry and chewy. I didn't taste the sauce but my husband said it lacked heat and for him was overly sweet.I had what they called a Sand Dap Po Boy Sandwich. I'm not sure if it really is the definition of a Po Boy but it was a very tasty sandwich that you can't get anywhere else that I know of. I ordered the single piece of fish but for $3 more you can have two pieces of fish in your sandwich. It was a smaller sandwich that wasn't too heavy. The pickle was not your average pickle and was dimensional with flavors. The salad was fresh and good and dressed perfect.My husband had the Cider Braised Pork on Onion Bun, This was a bigger sandwich than the Po Boy. This was another very good sandwich. The pork was tender and seasoned very well the onion bun was fresh and tasty. Apple added nice crunch to the sandwich. I recommend that if you order this sandwich to get the mustard on the side so you can appreciate how well made it was with interesting flavors that linger. They should sell this mustard it 's very good.We tried the Cake Donut and the Butternut Squash Pop. The Donut was good but I wasn't a fan of the butterscotch sauce only because for my taste it was over caramelized and had a caramel taste instead of a butterscotch taste. The Butternut Squash pop was the better one for me. But It seemed to be missing Chocolate that I read in the description. (see my photo no chocolate) I could taste the tamarind it was different but overall good with layers of different flavors.I liked all the White Stripes Music they played while we were here but it might not be appealing to some people. They have fresh herbs growing in the bathroom. I hope I don't eat bathroom herbs when I come back. I think that might be the biggest miss for me.I didn't try the soda but my husband said it wasn't so good here. I had Iced tea and it was OK.The atmosphere is light and airy and they have lots of patio room.You have to use the valet here no charge for the valet but you tip him.The sandwiches from here were very good and all those sides made it fun and interesting.
3	I was so excited to go to Bink's last night. I haven't been to Binkley's yet, but had heard so many good things about it, so when I found out they were opening Bink's in my hood, I was excited. Unfortunately, our experience was less than awesome. We arrived there, had the car valeted (I hate valet, but I get it), went in and were seated right away with a reservation. The restaurant is very cute, all wood floors and very open, letting the sun shine in (and letting bugs fly in, but that's not their fault). I ordered a strawberry basil lemonade cocktail, which was very good and large. The BF and I decided to order a bunch of things and share them which included: brussels sprouts, risotto, steak, and (at the waitress's recommendation) asparagus. They brought out the brussels and the risotto first as the 'appetizer' with 3 little pieces of bread. The risotto was good. It had beef cheek in it, which was very good and tender, but the risotto itself was slightly undercooked, nevertheless, I liked it, I would put it in the above average range. The brussels sprouts were alright, but a bit on the burnt side. They are supposed to be fried, but these were somewhat blackened. They had some good cream of sorts with them that saved them from being too burnt to eat. I would put these in the average range. So then the waitress comes and clears the plates and asks if we want more bread. We said yes, but never received any more bread. In fact, we waited quite awhile between our apps and 'dinner.' When our food (finally) arrived we were a little underwhelmed. The steak is very small, which is ok, I knew we were in for small portions, but it looked kind of sad on such a big plate. We tried the steak and immediately noticed that it was cold. It had to be sitting out a good 10 minutes or more before being served because it was room temperature at best. Additionally, we ordered it medium well and it was pink in the middle, but totally charred and burnt on the outside. It just tasted like burnt....it was not awesome. I considered sending it back, but after the BF and I had had our first bites, there was not much of the steak left to send back, and I didn't think that was right (it was tiny). The shallots they put on top of the steak were good, and I'm sure if it were cooked right and hot, the steak would have been very good. This is in the below average range. We then had the asparagus.....also cold, also burnt. It's served in a cast iron bowl, so there is no reason it should have been cold at all, so clearly our food sat a long time. The parm that was on top had hardened into a sort of cracker almost that just fell off the asparagus when picked up with a fork. The asparagus themselves were cold and tasted like a gas fire....it was pretty gross. The BF said they were the worst asparagus he has ever had, and I think he might be right. I feel badly because supposedly all of the produce is local and was probably very good before being totally destroyed by this kitchen. The BF ate most of the asparagus because he was hungry and because they cost 8$ (!?!?!), but I couldn't bring myself to have more than a couple bites. This was in the far below average range. This place would definitely warrant a 2 star review, but because they just opened, I feel like I should cut them some slack and give them 3. I can't see myself going back here any time soon, as the service was slow and lacking and  the food I cook at home is much better than their food and for a 70$ meal, that is unacceptable.
4	Update:  So, I told my dining buddy about my experience here and he was interested in checking it out.  My second stop in was a 4, makes an avg 3.5 for me which means, I'm bumping this review up to a 4 Star.  My previous experience was dampened by the over-bearing people sitting at the bar with me who talked loud and were just pretty annoying.  So, my friend and I made a reservation and we were seated in a comfortable table on the inside as it was too cool for the patio.  The dining room is fairly small, but it is nice and elegantly done.  OH, I recommend a reservation.  This was a week night and it was pretty full at 8pm.Here's a very quick run down of what we had in my 2nd trip:Cocktails - liked 'em so much we had 2 of each.1. Strawberry and Basil Cocktail - sweet, tasty and a winner.2. Farmer's Margarita - extra jalapeno did the trick for me.Appetizers1. Fries - MUST have.  AWESOME. WONDERFUL. DAMN Good!  Ketchup is fav sauce.2. Fried Ribs - Again, a winner.  Sauce is awesomely good.3. Shaved Carrots - Delicious4. Fried Brussel Sprouts - with dollop of yogurt on the side, still not a winner for me.  This time not burnt, but barely chewable.  I want to like this dish so bad!!!!Entree - we were too full to order 2.1. Bolognese - simply stunningly delicious.  This dish replaces the traditional pasta with a dense and hearty piece of garlic bread and is topped with fresh parm.  Most certainly a hearty and filling dish.  Simply delicious.  Quite possibly among the best Bolognese I've had.  Pic -  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/binks-midtown-phoenix?select=Wbe27DhUqSCO843J8fhmPQ#aE_ejhNuLJ8zoS7K4_ZsJw_______________________________________________________________1st Visit (Last week)I went there alone on my "Date Myself Night".  I was starving which may have set this place up for a 3-star review.    I chose a seat at the bar in the 8pm hour of a week night.  I was told that my server/bartender was busy, but would I like a drink.  "Suuuuuure, of course.  Where's that cocktail menu? "  I tried the Farmer's Margarita $11 - a great drink that they could kick up the spice/jalapeno on a little bit and put a dash, or two more of tequila in.  Despite the "mods" on the margarita, it was still a creative decent drink that I would order again with the extra spice to kick it up a notch.For dinner, I ordered a few things.  Everything on the menu is under $30.  The menu is broken into a couple of sections.  Cold and Hot sides.  Appetizers and Entrees.  I had one of the Fried Spare Ribs, the small chopped salad and the fried brussel sprouts.  The Fried Ribs were just fine.  The sweet/hot sauce that came with it was the star of the night in my opinion.  The kick of heat in that sauce was at an excellent level to allow the sweet zing of the sauce to explode in my mouth.  I loved that sauce, but too bad I had to eat that rib with a fork.  Oh, the horror that dental appliances put me through!  I digress.  I enjoyed the chopped salad, but it was certainly not what I would have expected from a chopped salad.  I expected the salad to have a little more seasonal veggies in it and a little lighter on the lettuce.  Still a yummy salad.  The one item that was not as appealing was the brussel sprouts.  They taste pretty good, although I would have eaten anything at that point, but they looked like they had been brunt in the cooking process.  They were all browned too far.  Here's a pic of what I expected http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/binks-midtown-phoenix?select=ziN4xNNDOrEKIRKbAUUK5w.  See there is evidence of green there.  And the dollop of yogurt was a bit much in the middle of the brussel sprouts dish.  I should have asked to put on that on the side.   I thought the atmosphere was nice and the service was stellar.  After reviewing the notes I took that night, i completely forgot to mention, in my rush to review, the fact that all the beer on tap was Arizonan beer.  A detail definitely worth an update. Sun up, Four Peaks and a couple other AZ beers.  I thought that was awesome! Parking is complimentary valet here, so bring some cash.In general, I wouldn't write a review after a night like that night because there were a few annoying things that occurred that affected the ambiance for me and brought down my experience that really isn't a reflection on the business, just the loud mouth idiots.  I plan to go again with a friend so we can try out the patio.   I will update!
5	A new culinary 5 star treat in Phoenix/Scottsdale area...It goes into our top 5 places in AZ to dine out...Bink's is as good as It's "parent".. Binkley's and different at the same time...If this were in a major city they would get a Michelin star for food alone.We ate at the bar because they said they had no tables(not true based on our observation)...But The bar and the bartender create a good place to dine...Each and every dish we had including drinks was special...What makes it special?..Everything was cooked to order,fresh,the spices and sauces were extraordinary and interesting.OK..We had..For cocktails.and Elder flower Manhattan..a little bit on the sweet side(I had it with Canadian Club).and a Glass of Magnus wine..Our biggest critique is the limited wine selection and OK not great..The bar has small cones of popcorn that has been spiced up a bit and went well with cocktails...Appetizers were A Pork Shoulder Papusa(Kind of a Empanda and unique) and a Beignet Foiegras mousse..with a smidgen of cherry preserve...again a unique item For the main we had Sand dabs(in butter and almandine) and "Amy's Bolognese on a bed of what I would say was a block of corn bread but they said it was breadpudding and tasted great.
4	I have been watching Bink's construction with curiosity to see what they would change as my family owned that home/business for decades.  I was unfamiliar with Chef Kevin Binkley prior to the day of going to Bink's Midtown and now I will be very familiar with all 3 restaurants following my great experience there.  To begin there was a miscommunication with my husband and I resulting in my ordering lunch for both of us and him not being available.  I called a replacement to join me and during this time waiting I had multiple staff members including the Chef stop to check on me.  The server did an excellent job in describing the dishes which lead to my friend and I sampling a few too many.  I enjoyed the ambiance at lunch it was light and airy if it would of been full it would be very easy to hear you neighbors conversations as the tables are close.  The weather was beautiful so the doors were open and my only annoyance during the meal was shooing flies during the beginning of my meal.  I did notice the salt and pepper were missing because I normally need them but the food was so perfectly balanced I never thought of them during the meal.We started with the fried Brussels sprouts which tasted good but I prefer different preparations that result in a softer brussel sprout.  The roasted parsnip soup with poached pears, celery root foam and black pepper honey was amazing.  At first I was tasting the foam and enjoyed the salty flavor and then the soup with pears which was flavorful but needed a little salt and mixing the two brought it to perfection.Next came probably my favorite dish of the week the foie gras beignet with blood orange marmalade.  Listed as an appetizer but would also be great for the end of the meal.  The mousse was light and flavorful the little beignets were perfectly cooked and then the marmalade brought a pleasant sweetness to the dish when I mixed it in for the second beignet.  I did have to ask for a spoon because I couldn't leave any of the mousse behind in the dish.  My friend had the roast beef tri-tip I had ordered for my husband and she loved the flavors and how fresh the sandwich tasted.  It is not a large sandwich but she said with the French fries and dessert it was the perfect size.  Now for the French fries I am an aficionado and they are fabulous especially with the 3 dipping sauces which I normally don't use.  They have a truffle ketchup with was my friends favorite but I loved the light and flavorful salsa vert I was addicted and we both liked the mayo aioli with the light garlic flavor.After seeing the tangelo served at another table I had to have it and it was the exclamation point to the meal.  The tangelo starts with a fairly sharp citrus sorbet that I enjoyed in the center of this large bowel.  It is surrounded by blueberries in the base and purple pillows of foam around the edges topped with mint leaves.  The server was also carrying two containers of fluid with one of them misting.  He poured an orange liquid over my ice cream and immediately followed it with the picture of nitrogen to make my dish a freezing soup.  After waiting for the bubbling to stop I couldn't wait to try the dish and I wasn't disappointed.  The purple pillows are homemade marshmallow with blueberries and I wanted a bowel of just that.  The mint added a nice dimension to the marshmallow and kept it from being to sweet.  The sorbet and frozen soup made a nice pairing of citrus and sweet with out being to sweet and should have been the perfect ending to the meal but we didn't stop.  My friend had the butternut squash ice cream pop which she thought was delicious and she enjoyed how it was served including the extra crumbles for dipping.  She loved the tamarind level in the pop but she never clearly identified where the chocolate was and our server didn't seem to know where the chocolate was either.  Chocolate or no chocolate this dish left no regrets it was very flavorful.As I said we couldn't stop we heard that the baby back ribs were good and so we each had one and they were tasty especial the honey hot sauce served on the side.   The service was great and except for knowing where the chocolate was in the pop provide great descriptions of every item we asked about.  I enjoyed my tea but they seem to have a nice wine list which I can't enjoy during working hours.  I thought the pricing was great and I loved the different sizes available like 1/2 salads, single ribs and the beignets.  The high point for me is the amazing balance of flavors in every dish both savory and sweet.  There was nothing bland or ordinary in any item I ate, what a gem for east Phoenix.I am so lucky as I pass Bink's 5 times a week for work and it will be at least a weekly lunch stop if not more. The parking lot is limited so the use of a valet is quite smart to maximize the spaces available and the tip is more than made up for with the meal and pricing inside.
2	I so wanted to like this place, especially since it is so close to where we live. I really liked the decor; I've never been to the previous Sophie's Bistro, but it looked like Gordon Ramsay came in and redid everything. The tables were nicely arranged with tablecloths and the artwork consisting of perfectly framed and positioned photos of vegetables was clean and fresh. It would be nice if they just added some candles on every table.Keep in mind that this place is not inexpensive by any stretch; consider it fine dining. In line with this concept, the portions are very very small. And while the menu has plates described with just a few words, they are far from simplistic. We started with a foie gras beignet and the pork pupusa. Little did I know, until our server told me, the beignet had a component of the foie gras in it. I was expecting it to be stuffed or paired with a seared, slice of foie gras, one of my favorite things when I can find it a restaurant. Unfortunately, all I got was a 2" square donut with a foie gras "foam." The tangelo marmalade underneath was a nice compliment, but it turned this dish into a more sweet than savory amuse-bouche. On the other hand, the pork pupusa was a nice arrangement of pork sandwiched between a disk of fried corn topped with a wonderful salsa verde with apples and radish slices. Moving on. The sweetbreads nuggets were very sweet, reminiscent of a Trader Joe's orange chicken sauce. In other words, having never had sweetbreads before, I couldn't even discern their flavor as the sauce was overpowering. The risotto was an epic failure. It was soupy and thus not really a "risotto" since it was made with barley instead of rice, which was crunchy anyway. And we couldn't even figure out what the foam was. Finally, the entrees were just that; small portions like what the Europeans deem as entrees, starters really. The sand dabs were more like doused in butter. I'm still not sure what this fish is supposed to taste like, if anything different that what sole is, but I couldn't tell from this dish. But that's all you get in a small plate: no starch or vegetable. Keep in mind that everything is a la carte, but we passed on the small hot or cold vegetable plates, which I think they consider as appetizers: confusing. Amy must have never been to Italy because her dish is nothing you would find in Italy (Bologna would be insulted): basically, a big square block of burned bread pudding plopped in a hot small iron skillet topped with a bolognese meat sauce. I don't get it. Why couldn't they just make a homemade pasta, any shape will do as this is not that difficult, with this sauce (which was pretty good actually)?Essentially, I think Chef Binkley is overthinking his dishes. Why not let the ingredients speak for themselves? If you are using the freshest ingredients, why is it necessary to use gimmicks as an iron skillet, foams, tons of melted butter, etc.? And while the service is great, it was a bit overwhelming at first being bombarded with a server and two partner/managers coming to the table almost at once. Again, overdone. There are a slew of servers, expeditors, and bussers all running around in comic sans-esce t-shirts. For a fine dining restaurant with these prices in this neighborhood, there is too much identity confusion. Either be casual with casual prices and simple food or dress it up, literally, and provide big plates with big expectations. Unfortunately, I guess I expected too much.
4	Stopped in last week on the way home, sat at the counter- Had teh duck and the Cauliflower, the cauliflower was fantastic, duck perfectly cooked, nice wine by the glass list, great setting. Good service at the barsensed a little new service challenges in teh dining room but Amy will iron those outGreat New place,
5	Finally!! A little Bink for the rest of us!My good friend, and fellow Yelper, Shay V. and I decided to head on down for some tasty dinner.  We were greeted upon entering and after a moment we were seated in the dining room.  First off, beautiful photographs of fruits and vegetables lined the walls (along with a photo or two of some McClendon's doing what they do best).  The room was bright and fresh, but not too ritzy.  Good thing, cause I wasn't exactly dressed to the nines.  Anyway,  we were each given a menu with apps/entrees/desserts, then another with all of their local vegetable side dishes/salads, and one for the booze *weee!*  We started with a carafe of the Arizona Stronghold Tazi (one of my faves!), a lovely blend of: sauvignon blanc, chenin blanc, malvasia and riesling.  For food starters, I ordered the Citrus Salad (assorted citrus wedges, toasted hazelnuts, watercress, honey drizzle) and my cohort had the Foie Gras Beignets and the Sweetbread Nuggets.  I loved the salad, and I thought he was going to die from pure food ecstasy ...there was more food to be had, though.For the main course, I ordered the beets (roasted baby beets, hibiscus-lime vinaigrette, jalapenos, wild rice and cilantro) and the kale (kale, lemon, walnuts sans cheese), and my friend ordered the Duck.  I really loved the beets, the kale was ok and Shay V. almost died from food excitement.  I ordered a Gimlet to accompany my veggies, and was delighted when it came out topped with liquid nitrogen (think bubbling, foggy cauldron).Next up, dessert!  We both ordered the Frozen Soup (tangelo sorbet, tangelo sauce, blueberries, mint, liquid nitrogen and mine sans meringue).  It was so freaking good! It was hard not to inhale it, however, I have a propensity to get freeze headaches...so that helped.It was a great dining experience, and the servers/kitchen were SUPER accommodating with my food restrictions.  We moved to the bar for a few more libations, and Chef Binkley came out to chat with us.  I was swooning, as I have a big fat Chef crush on him.  He asked us if we wanted to try some new shooters he had, of course we said yes!  Friend had the rum with mango "bomb"  at the bottom and a nutmeg rim, and I had one with tequila and some limey business in it.  You basically take the shot and when the ball of juice hits, bite it and it explodes with tasty splendor.  Let's review: great local wine/beverage selections, beautifully plated local food, exciting presentation of drinks and dessert, excellent service at the bar.  If this doesn't make you want to go there, I don't know what will!
5	We tried this place for brunch and can't wait to go back for dinner. We sat on the patio which was very nice and shaded. I decided on the Strawberry Lemonade to drink, which was strawberry infused rum, fresh lemonade, and muddled basil. It tasted fantastic! I would come back here for the drink alone, it was perfect for a warm day. My husband had the Sleepy Dog stout which is really good too.As for the food, I decided on the pork papusa and arugula salad, and my husband had the french toast. The papusa was amazing, based with a corn/tamale like cake with pork, topped with avocado and crunchy apples. The mix of savory and sweet really worked, the flavor combo really stood out. My salad included goat cheese, with a butternut squash puree on the bottom, also another sweet and savory dish with ingredients that paired really well. My husbands french toast was fantastic. It came as a thick slice of bread served in a cast iron dish, topped with ricotta and figs, served with real maple syrup. Service was great and on-point as well, our was able to explain the menu in detail and also able to recommend drinks. I would highly recommend Bink's Midtown and can't wait to return, it's a fantastic addition to the neighborhood.
3	Enjoyed dinner here last night with the wife and and another couple. Nice looking place. Sparse decorations, all photos on white walls, but it works.We shared a bunch of fresh vegetables to start. Our favorites were the kale, Brussels sprouts and beets.I had the sand dabs which were tasty, nothing special. Wife had the mussels which she enjoyed.For dessert we shared the peanut butter creme brulee, squash push pop and a cake donut. I thought the creme brulee was one of the better things I had eaten in the past year... absolutely fantastic. I could have done without the push pop and my wife thought the donut was pretty good.All in all, I put this restaurant on the same scale as FnB or Beckett's Table. Good food, nothing fantastic though, friendly service and reasonably priced.
4	We are long time fans of Kevin Binkley.  If he opened a restaurant in the men's bathroom at a Walmart, we would go.  If he served us pate swimming in deer urine, we would eat it.  We surrender our taste buds to his will as often as our wallets and waistlines will allow.  Bink's Midtown in casual joint tucked away in an almost-residential area.  It's small, cozy, and intimate.  Parking is pretty much valet only (unless you want to get vehicularly creative) so bring a few bucks for a tip.  The drinks were fantastic.  The Farmer's Market Margarita was possibly the most complex margarita I've ever tasted.  Magical tequila, cilantro, jalepeno, and other goodness in an unassuming glass - yes, please.  The Strawberry Basil Lemonade was good - dangerously good.  My appetizer of beef risotto was delicious.  Served with a dollop of creme fraiche, it was interesting and untraditional.  My company raved about their octopus and plate of bone marrow.  The sand dabs cooked with brown butter and almonds were out of this world.  Crispy on the outside and ridiculously tender on the inside... these folks know what to do with sea creatures.  My husband enjoyed the bolognese (which he's had many times at Cafe Bink) but was not as fond of this iteration.  It was made with a garlic bread pudding and he felt there was just too much butter.  (Apparently, too much butter is a thing.)  My chocolate puddin' cake was tasty but not jaw droppingly interesting or delicious.  It felt like it was missing a little something.  Our server was wonderful.  Friendly, present without hovering, and quick to offer a suggestion.  We truly enjoyed ourselves and look forward to coming back.
5	OMG...I'll start at the beginning.  Waiting at the bar at this cute little house (used to be Sophie's Bistro) for the MacEachern's to arrive.  Our bartender, Rachel, was so helpful, knowledgeable, cute, had us try litte cherry bomb shooters...shots of vodka with a little cherry drop inside that explodes in your mouth.  Their signature drinks were amazing as well.  Thanks,Rachel!  Then on to our table with our wonderful waitress, Jessica.  All I can say is, we sat outside on this beautiful evening trying the most outlandish, unique, savory dishes.  First they bring you home made biscuits with honey butter.  Then we shared thrice fried fries (say that five times fast) with three dipping sauces and (are you ready) garlic toast dipped in Bone Marrow (t was buttery, savory, mmmm).  I had the Parsnip soup...so rich and creamy.  My entree was Amy's Bolognese...a garlic bread pudding with a bolognese sauce made w/beef & veal & tomatoes.  My hjusband had sand dabs and roasted brussel sprouts.  My son had a flat iron steak that melted in your mouth.   The presentation by the entire staff as they placed the dinners on our table was awesome.  But the best part was the peanut butter creme brulee with pretzels & banana ice cream. Binks is an adventure in the middle of Phoenix.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Great experience my first time here.  The food is fresh and delicious, nice patio to waste away the hours and excellent service.  I'll be back.
2	I heard about Binks from a coworker who had been to Binkley's so I figured I would try it for Mother's Day. Much like another reviewer I hate valet but they were very courteous. Once in the restaurant I how quaint the place was and the decor, several people asked if we had been helped or if we needed anything but that is where the good service stopped.We waited 5 minutes for our table to be prepped, we had a reservation so I'm not sure why it wasn't done already. It then took 10 minutes before some came to our table to give us water, yet another 10-15 minutes before our server came to our table. The drinks took another 15 minutes to get. It was around 5:00pm, there were only about four tables with people so the slow service was inexcusable. Once we ordered the food was delivered in a flash I was lured into the all you can eat pork, salad, bread and potatoes (more on this later), while my wife had the flat iron steak. They has roasted a pig and it sounded like a great special. The food was very good overall, the pork had great flavor and small gristly pieces in it like pork grinds, it made it unique. The steak was phenomenal, cooked to perfection and very tender. Some of the side dishes seem to be over thought and forced.The service is where the experience fell apart, in the 90 minutes we were there the waiter never came back. They never asked if I wanted another drink, how I was doing, refilled the water, nothing. I wanted more of the all you can eat pork special mentioned above but never had the opportunity, the bus boys came and cleared everything but my waiter was nowhere to be seen. After 20 minutes of sitting around with a empty table like I was squatting he finally comes and at that point I was frustrated with the experience and quickly asked for the bill disregarding that I wanted another serving. For the price I expect more from the service industry part of the business. It turned would should have been an excellent dining experience into a less than average, I would gladly go to a place with lower caliber food but better service so I can get more than one drink and actually get more of the food I paid for as part of the advertised special.
2	I was really excited to try out Binks Midtown. My husband and I had been talking about going for quite awhile, and while my parents were in town we thought it would be a great place for Sunday night dinner. I made a reservation two weeks in advance for 5:45. We showed up at 5:40 and were seated immediately. We did happen to get the table right next to the front door. I was a little disappointed, but no big deal. We were really excited about the food because we had read so much about Kevin Binkley. We were given menus by the hostess and assured that our server would be right with us. 35 minutes later a flustered young lady came by and asked if we wanted something to drink. We ordered some cocktails and 20 minutes later, they arrived at the table. Our server then rushed off before we could ask to place our order. After another 20 minutes, another server came and asked if we had had the chance to order. After apologizing for the wait, he took our order using a tablet of some sort that I would assume sends the order straight to the kitchen. He was very pleasant and it seemed obvious that he took over our table after realizing that we had been neglected. Our confidence was restored. Our vegetables were brought to us in a reasonable amount of time, and man, were they delicious. Curried cauliflower, kale and the parsnip soup. So far, the food was definitely living up to our expectations. Our plates were cleared and we were assured that our dinner would be right out. Meanwhile, multiple groups that we witnessed coming in the front door after us were already leaving and we hadn't even gotten our food! We waited another 40 minutes for the rest of our food. A manager came over to personally apologize and assure us our food would be out momentarily. It wasn't. Our main courses arrived an hour after the first course plates were cleared. All in all, the food was great. Our second server was very attentive as well, but for some reason, our food order must have fallen through the cracks multiple times. I was in the restaurant business for 8 years, and I understand that sometimes this happens, but usually the guests would receive some sort of compensation for the wait in order to assure them that this was not the way the restaurant usually operated. That was not the case. When our bill came, it was fully intact. We walked out of the restaurant at 8:15. We were not in a hurry, and I am certainly the kind of patron that enjoys a good dinner out without feeling rushed, but this was ridiculous.I was embarrassed that the place I decided to take my mother for Mother's Day dinner was such a service disappointment. I had high hopes, but we will certainly not return to Binks, nor will I recommend it to any of my friends.
5	After years of hearing about Binkley's in Cave Creek I was thrilled when Kevin Binkley open a new place on my side of town.  Bink's is amazing, by far the best food I have had in quite some time.  The vegetable side dishes all sounded so incredibly good, it was impossible to choose which to order.  I finally settled on the broccoli and cauliflower and I honestly cannot tell you which was more amazing.  I dined with a group of 15 or so and the only complaints I heard were about the size of the soup (it was really, really small, like maybe 4 bites) and the Burrata, it was pretty unflavorful and by far not as good as Burrata should be.  Everything else was so wonderful that I cannot let those two little things get in the way of 5 stars.  Their house wine is also just $5 which is worthy of an extra star right there.  I recommend Bink's for groups and couples, they also had a really cute bar area that I could see myself dining solo at.  Kids may want to stay home unless they are older or you get a seat outside, tables inside are close together and a crying baby or unruly toddler would quickly interfere with others who are dining.So next time you are doing the whole mid-town, ho-hum, where-do-I-eat routine try Bink's, it is a little further  (Osborn & 24th) but so incredibly worth it!
4	Ok, here is the deal......The actual restaurant is a great setting (the old Sophie's Bistro) and a wonderful patio. However they have only been open a short time and the service showed. It is for that reason and that reason alone that I did not give the fifth star. Our server was a nice young lady that didn't have much of guiding hand and didn't quite grasp the service thing. However by the end of the evening she had warmed up to us and began to be less mousy. Yes a full 20% commission was still left for her efforts (and they say I don't have a heart..). Now for the good stuff, the food was remarkable and a real Phoenix standout! To be completely honest when I looked at the menu online and even when we arrived I was not expecting the delight that was to be in store for us. We had several starters and each was better than the next..... the fries with truffle Ketchup really blew us away (yes french fries blew my mind). For my main dish I ordered the Bolognese on garlic bread pudding. Now I am a rough critic when it comes to this particular dish, personally make a pretty mean version. However it was amazing and the twist of serving over a bread pudding was very smart. I have a feeling that with some time the service will become as good as the food but don't let that stop you from going sooner than later. Brook
5	Wow, super happy this did not disappoint. Every Saturday, they do a pig roast here. You can get the pig roast on Saturdays after 3 and all day Sundays, left overs from the day before. It's $25 for all you can eat and was OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Each weekend apparently has a theme, and this weekend was Asian. They brought out a large bowl of roasted pig for the table, along with all the fixins for Banh Mi (french bread, marinated veggies, basil, mint, jalapeno and lettuce wraps). It also came with a side dish of cold marinated soba noodles, very good. It's all you can eat, so they'll gladly keep the pork and food coming as long as you can stand it. They also had happy hour from 2-6, so I was able to put down a few $4 beers and they had $5 on tap wine! The atmosphere, service and food was perfect! I'll FOR SURE be back to sample the regular menu and for more porky goodness!
2	I never imagined giving this place such a low rating after hearing all the buzz from various foodie sources, but here we are. Service wasn't great although our server was nice enough once he finally came. The water in the glass bottles was nice aesthetically, but it was way to warm to drink. Thank goodness we were on the patio so we could dump it out when a colder bottle came. I'm just surprised no one noticed how warm the first bottle was before serving it. The other big misstep that really irked me was our two entrees came out separately. We were doing the restaurant week menu so it's not like we were eating family style. My poor friend and I had awkwardly stare at my plate while we waited for hers to come out.The presentation of the food perplexed me a bit. There was too much "assembly" involved with our apps and desserts. We both started with the jicama salad. It was light and lovely, but there were some big pieces of black pepper in there that tickled our throats. My friend said she liked her pork belly entree, but she never complains about anything (unlike yours truly). The chef made a special vegetarian fried rice for my entree. I loved the flavor but the brussels sprouts were very chewy. For dessert, my friend got the banana split which featured ice creams "dots" and a frozen, chocolate covered banana. It was tasty, but she struggled to get through the frozen banana with just a spoon. My tres leches was unlike any tres leches I've ever had before, and I don't mean that in a good way. The cake wasn't very moist, and I didn't like the copious pepitas and raisins topping it. There was a nice cinnamon chocolate mousse on the side, though. I would have enjoyed just eating that.Bink's and Binkley's has earned enough praise from those in the know that it persuades me to write this off as an off night and give it another chance. The patio area is lovely so I might be back when the temps go back to double digits.
4	Can't wait to have dinner here.  Met some friends for happy hour.  The location is still the wonderful little cottage--with lots of light and still the rustic paneling in the bar area.  I only had a couple of glasses of wine and the french fries--but it makes me want to come back for more--the truffle ketchup as a dip for the fries was incredible and the fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside--clearly Binks knows the that fries are an art and not a science.  Can't wait to have dinner.
2	After having been dragged to his restaurant in Carefree with the freakish menu of bizarre food which the Coen Brothers on a good day could not dream up, I was really skeptical of Bink's Midtown. I must say that Binkley is starting to read his market or perhaps sees that the new is starting to wear off his "fine dining" concept. Here, he seems to be trying to get it right. There are enough freakish things on the menu such as roasted marrow bone (gag!) and he's big on mussels. This is Arizona. I've had mussels out of the water in Nova Scotia and this is just too far away. I want to keep on living. No thanks.Those items aside, Bink's is making a stab at reasonable prices and food that is creative yet non-freakish and non-threatening. He can keep the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts. That's not food. That's what food eats. Bink's hits the need for lunch and happy hour and in these areas he does pretty well. Portions are small as at any Bink's place but decent. He makes a good but not a great burger. Salads are really, really fresh with good accompaniments and dressings. The happy hour menu is very reasonable and can serve as a sufficient early dinner. His express lunch concept is to offer two broad categories with three selections within each and he promises you will be in and out in 30 minutes and he delivers on this. Express Lunch is $15 and you're done. Still kind of an expensive fast lunch but not bad to treat one's self. I still think he has a long way to go in order to leave behind the freaky menu of his anchor restaurant in Carefree but he is making a gallant effort to offer food that people have heard of without being strange just for the sake of being strange or avoiding comparison with other restaurants. This will never be a favorite of mine but I am glad I let myself be dragged there to see that Binkley is at least trying to accommodate the local market and not just well-heeled snowbirds who apparently will eat anything at any price.
5	I love bringing newbies to a place I know they are going to truly love.  Such was tonight.  First, our watier, Shawn, was amazing.  Our guest likes to have the waiter pick their favorites for him and Shawn stepped up to the plate!  We started with my recommendation of the creamy, mouth-watering Bone Marrow .  But Shawn's pick, the green chili pork papusa was the table favorite.  Then came the entrees.  I had a tender flat iron steak, my hubby had the trout, our kids had the flat iron steak and the pork belly and our guest had the sand dabs.  All of us were happy with our picks but most of all, we LOVED our sides. WE pushed them all in the middle of the table so we could share. I had baby beets that were topped with an amazing sprinkle of cilantro, jalepeno and cashews, hubby had a roasted cauliflower with a curry sauce that melted in our mouths but Shawn's pick was the favorite of the table - dates with goat cheese and a sweet vinagrette that popped in your mouth when you took a swig of red wine (AZ Stronghold Magnus on tap - way to support our local wineries!).  Next came a round of shots with infused fruit in the middle.  Nice touch!  Then came the desserts and we were all very quiet as we ate.  I also don't remember anyone wanting to share.  From a tantallizing, sweet creme brulee with banana, frozen raspberry, pretzel ice cream to Shawn's pick of navel orange sorbet doused with liquid nitrogen...the presentation was incredible.  Suffice it to say, this was an incredible experience...we LOVED Shawn.  And we can't wait to come back to try Sunday brunch, lunch or just sit up at the bar.  The staff is so nice, we would just want sit and drink and relax.  We will be back!
5	I have been to binks several times now for happy hour, lunch and dinner. The food has been nothing but great and in good portion to the price and quality of the product. They've changed menu items regularly to stay fresh and service has been great from the valet to bartenders and servers. My favorite dishes have been the sweetbread nuggets, pork belly, duck and they're weekly pig roast with revolving theme on the weekend. They also have a great happy hour if you're only up for a quick drink and a bite too.
5	Fab... Can't believe we are getting just fantastic restaurants in Phoenix.......
5	We came here for happy hour. I took a bunch of pictures. The one thing I did NOT get a picture of, is the bacon burger. This is devastating, because this is one of the BEST THINGS I'VE EVER EATEN. They have the audacity to grind the beef WITH the bacon, so it's all inside. You can't imagine the flavor, the juiciness, the all-out delicious warfare happening in your mouth. Just go for happy hour, get the burger and fries, and thank me later.The curry cauliflower was just divine. Of course, I'm a little partial to everything yellow curry, but this was my favorite side dish of the night. I really enjoyed the fried ribs, but you need to prepare yourself to get your face involved. They're hard to eat, but tasty. It's a minor complaint for me. Oooh, the pommes frites (french fries) were soooo good. Dipping sauces: check!A word of caution: all of those items add up fast. So, if you order like a rock star, be prepared when the bill comes.
5	This place is wonderful! The chef is amazing. Be careful driving by, you may just miss it. Their front door isn't well positioned, so we ended up walking around the restaurant. It looks like there are tables in front of the door. One of the waiters came out and let us in finally.  We had the curried mussels, green chili pork skillet, bacon burger, truffle fries, chocolate cake thing with marshmallow on top and the peanut butter creme brulee (there were 4 of us). Everything was beyond expectation. We were all so happy and full. Service was great! I would definitely recommend to friends.
5	I passed this place everyday while driving home and thought to myself that I should definitely try it. Try I did and was very pleasantly surprised. This is a wonderful place - excellent decor - simple, muted and not overtly loud - and great food ! They have some very different options to your regular sandwiches. We had the salami sandwich (forget the name) and the pig sandwich of the day ! totally mind blowing ! and their green tea is awesome. And don't forget the house chips ! Went there for lunch. Will try for dinner sometime.
1	Hmmm,  definitely not Sophie's anymore. The ambience reminds me of an asylum or hospital, perhaps a big white and off white crate.  :0/. The parsnip soup is amazing. The server is wonderful.
4	Quick review:  Great (seriously great!) food, attentive service, white tablecloths (even at lunch), slightly (IMO) overpriced.I'd go back (off hours) for the food, and the beer selection (all local).  I bet it gets crowded and noisy during  peek hours.EDIT: 'overpriced' is not the right word.  "Higher then I'd like to pay, yet probably still worth it" was the word I was looking for.
2	Had lunch here with a friend on Saturday at 11:30. Located in what looks like a converted house, the sign was large enough that I didn't have any trouble spotting it on Osborn. There was plenty of parking and a quick glance at the patio, it looked really nice. It was a bit confusing trying to figure out where to go in as one other person mentioned. I'm still not entirely sure where the front door is so it would be nice to have some signs. Someone finally let us in one of the doors at the front off the patio. The place was nice and bright and I actually enjoyed the classic decor. We were sat around back and only one other table had a couple enjoying their lunch. Our waiter came fast to greet  us and went over the menu after he asked if we had been in before. Several things stood out to me on the menu but in the end we went with the fries as an appetizer, an upcharged mixed green salad to accompany my slow cooked chicken breast sandwich. My friend ordered the kale salad and the Rueben sandwich. We seemed to sit for quite before our fries arrived but the fries were really good once they finally came out. I wasn't overly found of any of the dipping sauces...the aioli didn't have a whole lot of flavor, the sauce vert was just strange and the truffle ketchup was ketchup with I guess, a hint of truffle. Having never had truffle anything, it was pretty good and I used it for my dip for the rest of the fries. Regular ketchup would have been just as enjoyable though.About 1 minute after we received our appetizer, our sandwiches arrived. This is one of my pet peeves..It makes the meal rushed and always cramps the table. Maybe the advertised 3 or 4 times they fry the fries is what caused the delay? My sandwich was okay but it lacked a whole lot of the flavor. The bread was soft but didn't have a lot of flavor, the tomato sauce was okay but again, lacked a lot of flavor. I eventually opted to take the top off my sandwich and just eat the chicken to save a few calories from the lackluster bread. The salad was really good though but they put the dressing directly on it, something I requested on the side. My friend never mentioned anything about her sandwich so take that how you want.The restaurant did seem to pick up by the time we were finished and our waiter repeatedly walked by our table and never asked if we needed anything else or to refill my Diet Coke. I eventually had to flag him down for the refill...and then again to get the check. Overall, cute place with forgettable food and some not so great service. For a $24 lunch, I doubt I'll come back.
4	Finally got to have dinner here last night and it was everything I expected to be.  We started with a carafe of wine and a couple of appetizers.  The meatballs the night we were there were Asian inspired and very tasty.  One friend had the special--which was roasted pork that they had done during the day--it was very flavorful.  I had the gazpacho which is just wonderful--it is a creamy orange red and such a great flavor--I  also had the sand dabs--the fish was done perfectly--for dessert we had  a peach sorbet--that was flashed frozen at the table--also excellent.  Service was just as you expect--there when you needed him but not intrusive.   Looking forward to the next time I go --which is in August.
3	What's good:ServiceAtmosphereQuality of ingredients, many of them locally-sourcedPossibly the best gaspacho in the world, complete with truffle oil. (I'm convinced anything is improved by the addition of truffle oil.)What's not-so-good:The salads and main dishes served at lunch were decidedly over-seasoned. This is coming from someone who likes the spice and the hots and the flavors. If you have any problem with salt you likely want to avoid the sandwiches and even the field greens.I'd be open to a second visit, but not too sold on it yet.
5	We went to Bink for dinner and we got Green Chile Pork Pupusa and Watermelon for appetizer. The watermelon is very good, the red color of the watermelon look like ahi tuna, that was what our waiter said. Pupusa is good too, it taste like tacos.We also got Little Gem Salad and Gazpacho Soup. They are very good also refreshing and unique. For the entree, I got Sand Dabs and my husband got the Pork Belly, I like Sand Dabs but not so fan with the Pork Belly, but my husband likes it. The side dishes that come with them are very good too. We were full already with these and we got the dessert coming for chocolate pudding and strawberry shortcake. The strawberry shortcake was not a piece of cake but they are spread apart without dough.
4	Had a "girl's brunch" at Bink's and found it to be a nice refreshing change.  The converted home to restaurant has a fresh, contemporary charm and the servers were very attentive.  The Gazpacho Soup was the best I've had in years and reminded me of the soup in Spain.  The Melons dish was very refreshing with a nice mixture of flavors that included chili, mint and sangria granite.  We ordered one Cinnamon roll to share amongst the group which was deliciously decadent and came out in a warm cast iron skillet with the caramel frosting melting down it.  Yumm!Only complaint was that the salad and a few other dishes were rather salty.I look forward to trying them for Dinner next.
4	Just visited for the first time for a birthday party.  They have a nice private room for about 15.  Service was great, and they were patient with us as we closed the place down.  This isn't and not intended to be Binkley's.  It is a comfortable casual atmosphere with a limited menu and smaller portions, but the quality is better than most places in town.  Beets awesome, loved jicama both fresh and tasty. My cod was served surprisingly with tiny beans.... didn't expect it but enjoyed it.  The desserts were ok. Overall, a very enjoyable evening.
4	We have been to the other Binkley's outposts, so decided to give this one a try for happy hour.  Great space, convenient location, super friendly bartenders, excellent AZ wine on tap and amazing food.  I seriously think those were the BEST french fries I have ever eaten...delicious!
4	I just had lunch here and the food was delicious.  We had the pulled pork sandwich and the chopped salad.  I was really impressed because I was worried after seeing the menu descriptions that it would be too fancy and not enough flavor.  The atmosphere was really nice, too.  It's a little pricey, but what you would expect from this type of restaurant. I don't really like places that force you to valet park, but when space is limited I guess it's better to have to valet than to not be able to park.
4	Great food and atmosphere. High end gourmet food and a very reasonable price. Went here for lunch and the entire group loved it. A hidden gem.
4	With apologies to the grammatically minded, I seem to have lost my vocabulary this afternoon...Went for lunch with the BP [aka business partner/good friend] today and she reminded me that this was the old Sophie's Bistro spot. I loved Sophie's and am now that I'm working back on this side of town I'm glad to find a Binkley hoe down.  As, always, the good:Interior and exterior that have been lifted and lightened beautifully. Really comfortable ambiance, wonderful service. Foodwise: shazam! I had the shrimp roll and it made me soo happy. Shrimp was perf, pickled celery was perf, not too much dressing...all on a buttered,toasted split roll [the right kind of roll yet!] that was also, perfect. Yummy side salad had beautifully fresh greens, pepitas, raisins and had a light, sweet dressing. Partner had the chicken salad sandwich - she was smiling. A light delicious green tea was perfect on this August day. Dessert was [as our waiter informed me] the 'Best of Phoenix donut'  thingy mabob. Sorry, I got stuck on the omgosh, its an award winning donut! It's a bowl full of small, very warm cinnamon sugar donut thingys - smaller than a ping pong ball - served along side some delicious Mexican chocolate mousse-esque mound. Tasty enough for this donut fan but I have to say I didn't like the hard crunchy on the outside, softer on the inside thing. I like gooey, doughy, sweet. It was overall delicious food.The oh-so-slight boo hiss. And I do mean slight. I don't like the valet. Its a bit pretentious for this space, at least at lunch. Please don't leave me in a line with the back of my car hanging out on Osborn. Apart from the fact its not a good look for me, I don't need that kind of stress going to lunch when I could have just as easily parked my car. Valet was nice and efficient so at least if I have to do this, he parked me out front, facing out so I could leave easily. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
4	Our main plates were masterfully crafted and delicious and well worth what we paid and deserving of five stars but this is how it went.We shared one of the many small seasonal vegetable plates to share. The Asian inspired Marinated Eggplant with serrano chili , peanuts and enoki mushrooms was pretty good but was an extremely small portion for $7.00. I am guessing the piece we shared was two and half inches long and approx. an inch and a half wide. Not a big deal but I think it should be mentioned.My waiter didn't completely describe the pig of the week sandwich and left out the Greek Yogurt Sauce in his description and neglected to give my husband his choice of side. We didn't say anything about receiving chips instead of a salad or fries but my husband had to say something about the yogurt sauce since he HATES yogurt and doesn't eat it and pulled the top bun off the sandwich since it had a big spread of yogurt on it. Our waiter did check on us and offered to bring my husband another dish but neglected to bring my husband a yogurt free bun top. With all that being said Everything else about the plate was excellent down to even the house made pickle.My salad was amazing, the kind of salad that makes you hear angels sing. The horseradish honey vinaigrette dressing had the perfect layers of sweet , heat and deliciousness. My arugula salad had fresh figs, sweet and spicy pecans, chewy apricots and slightly crisp spaghetti squash it was so interesting. At first I thought it was very fine crunchy cabbage but it was spaghetti squash. All the different tastes and textures were very good. It's optional to add protein to your salad and since I can eat chicken or steak anytime I went for the sand dabs. They were very charred but not burnt. I think the char was intentional because it tasted good that way. This certainly was an over the top very good salad.It's not my intention to end this on a sour note but our waiter brings us dessert menus and accidentally gives us two different menus. The waiter returns and we asked what menu do we order from and he didn't know and returns with the answer so we went with what was called White Chocolate Strawberry Short Cake. What we received were tart marinated strawberries topped with some crumbs and a BIG side of lemony white chocolate cream. I wouldn't get this dessert again as it wasn't naughty or tasty to me like what I want in dessert. I'm not really sure if it really should have even been called a strawberry short cake since it didn't have any cake only crumbs on the top. It was sort of weight watchers if you held back on eating all that cream. I think it was like an unfrozen parfait in a dish. I do note I have had very good desserts from Bink Restaurants just this last one didn't do it for me but it might for someone else.Overall a four star rating because of so so service some dishes are well crafted big hits but a few  misses.
4	Outstanding happy hour.  1/2 off beers gets you a $3 pint.  Half off good wine is like $5-6 per glass.You can order from happy hour menu from tables, which are crisp, clean room, not too close together.  It's a nice experience.Plates are small, but if you order enough you can share.Ribs are good ($9) and worth trying.  Foam yogurt dipping "sauce" was just okay. Mussles ($11) were good.  Sauce was outstanding.  Decent portion, and you'll use all the bread mopping up the sauce.  Fries were okay ($4, same as regular menu).  Nothing special.  But the dipping sauces were worth it.  Truffle ketchup was amazing.  Vert sauce was interesting.  Garlic Aoli was a bit too much like pure mayo for my taste.Soppy joe is a value at $6, but nothing super special unless you love sloppy joes.  I wouldn't order again, because I don't, but wanted to trust the chef.The burger is, like all reviews, outstanding.  Well worth the $8.  I ordered it well done and it was perfect.  The onion roll is unbelievable.  Just a great burger.  Better than the "st francis" onion burger, which is great in it's own right, from a competing restaurant.Dessert was donuts (just okay), but with a mexican mousse that was really good.  $5 well worth it.  And the push pop at $5 was also very interesting and worth trying.Altogether, all the above food was in the ballpark of $65 for two people inlcluding two drinks and tip.  We were stuffed, and had enjoyed creating our own "tasting menu".  We'll absolutely be back for happy hour or even a regular dinner.  Salads seemed nicely sized, so I think I'd try the salad with sand dabs on it as an entree, as the other entrees I saw being served were "tiny" portions.  I'm sure good... but tiny.
4	Excellent. Great burger and lovely golden beet dish. Buckwheat biscuits with vanilla honey butter...
2	Kevin Binkley is a world class chef, I'm not here to dispute that...heck, I'm lucky to make a tasty mac-n-cheese, so who am I to judge?.  Well, I am a customer, and I've been lucky enough to eat at several world-class restaurants and know the difference between a good dining experience and a below average one.  My wife and I ate at Binkleys in Cave Creek and enjoyed several fantastic meals, so when Binkley's Midtown opened, we were excited about the opportunity to get great food close to home. We arrived on time, and were seated promptly.  The interior is fresh and has a nice patio, along with several small rooms that give the restaurant a quaint feel.  Most of our meal was quite good, including a citrus salad, french fries with truffle ketchup, and baked brussel sprouts.  My main course, however, was the quality of a Denny's steak.  (Yes, I've eaten at world-class restaurants AND Dennys, so several of you can immediately disregard my comments!)  The steak arrived, and I eagerly took a bite.  It tasted as if it had been prepared 30 minutes prior to arrival, and wasn't even put under a heat lamp.  I've NEVER returned a meal to the kitchen, but tonight was my first.   After about 10 minutes of looking for our waitress, another staff member was close by and I explained the steak.  He asked if I would like a new steak or it to be heated, I said I just wanted a steak that was freshly cooked.  About 5 minutes late, I received the same steak, slightly warmer, but not freshly cooked.We weren't the only ones to have a poor dining experience.  The table immediately to our left had several issues.  After finishing their meal, a lady waved down Amy Binkley, whom I've met at their flagship restaurant, and said they've been waiting 15 minutes to get their bill and only saw their waiter once the entire evening.  Amy said, if you trust me to take the credit card, I'll ring up the bill.  When the check arrived, the lady proclaimed she was so disappointed with everything she wasn't going to leave a tip.  Another member of the party persuaded her that he wished she would leave a tip, and she buckled and left 10%Ok, no big deal, right?  Well, after the party left, Amy Binkley cam back on the patio and spoke to the only other table nearby (whom I'm guessing she was friends with.)  She complained about how rude the table was, and that they were recently opened and should expect some hiccups in service.  While I'm not a restaurateur, I do own a business and would never bash a customer who was unhappy with my service for valid reasons.  It was quite embarrassing for an owner to speak in this manner.I didn't expect the quality of Binkley's restaurant at their new restaurant, but I didn't expect a sub-par Denny's experience either.  What rubbed me wrong the most, however, was the owner's attitude.  Perhaps it was just an off night or a stressful week for Amy; I truly hope so.  Phoenix needs quality restaurants, and I hope that Binkley's Midtown will improve.
3	The decor was nice and the food was very tasty. Had the chicken salad sandwich lunch special with salad. The only reason I didn't give 4 stars is that the waitstaff was really strange. The host/waiter seemed put off that he had to seat us...lol...and our waitress just wasn't all there-like she was on a different planet.
2	My friend and I had lunch at Bink's on a Tuesday.  I was specific with the server that I am vegan.  She made some recommendations and assured me that certain dishes could be made without meat or dairy.  I ordered the corn soup which she recommended and it came out with pieces of chorizo in it.  Our other selections came out in no particular order and not at the same time.  We had to flag down our server for the ice tea that was ordered upon arrival.  Poor service, lack of attention to detail and average food.  It's a pretty restaurant but not very satisfying.
5	Girls' night out at Bink's Midtown. Located near 24th st. and Osborn this is one of those small, cozy, house-style restaurants that I so love about living in Phoenix. The menu is clean, simple, and specializes in small tasting plates. There are a handful of appetizers, entrees (which as our server explained are essentially just the protein and sauce) salads, and then hot and cold produce plates. As a non-meat eater, I found the main menu a bit limiting. Mostly everything had meat in it somewhere. I chose the cod entree which was expertly cooked. Somehow they managed to elevate this seemingly simple white fish into a tender, flavorful wonder! I also ordered the onion tart with sweet roasted onion, tomato and ricotta. I was scraping the plate. My girlfriends did more of a tasting menu and as small plates came through I heard rave reviews about the bone marrow and sweet breads. Just when you think you're not going to have dessert, the menu comes and you glance at it....ok then you have to get dessert. I ordered the pudding cake. Served in a mason jar it's three layers of essentially a pudding-thick chocolate cake (think more pudding than cake), a graham cracker crumble which gives an amazing crunch to the pudding below, and topped with a cinnamon marshmallow fluff. It's a little tricky to eat and get all three layers at once, but it's a sacrifice I was willing to make. A couple of my girlfriends ordered the strawberry shortcake and although I kept hearing them say they couldn't finish it...there was none left on the plate when the table was cleared. Our server did a nice job of allowing us six women plenty of time to talk to each other in between coming back to take orders or check on us. I never felt rushed and the evening had a nice pace to it. We always had water on our table. Overall it was a wonderful evening of good people and good food.
5	Finally got in to check out Binks Midtown, which is tucked off of Osborn and 24th street. Upon first glance, I would note that the setting is more casual (jeans on servers and paper tablecloths) than Binkleys up north, but had absolutely no doubt that the caliber would be the same.My boyfriend and I are foodies at heart, and decided to make sure we tasted all that Binks had to offer.First up: burratta served with a jelly and pistachios on a graham cracker biscotti. Burratta was delicious- but overpowered by the graham cracker.We also orders sweet bread nuggets (had an Asian flair ), BBQ fried ribs (finger licking good),  grilled octopus (spectacular) , blackened okra (AMAZING), BBQ lobster mushrooms (interesting preparation), and fried Red potatoes served with a poached egg (the BF's favorite). For our main, we ordered the lamb, 5 spice Duck, and steak (hey... The portions are all so small!)... Lamb was the stand out.Drinks: they could really use a nice wine list... There was a meager representation of wines... (2 stars)Service: seems like they are still working out the kinks... Asked for H20 3 X's... Wine came extremely late...server was nice.No surprise amuse bouches as Binkleys does :(Despite its unpretentious vibe, the food is anything but. Food was great on the first visit... We will be back!
4	Very tasty "Pig of the Week!"  And the Dagwood looks awesome. Worth a try.
2	The deep fried barbeque ribs were decent.  Tasted pretty good, nice caramelized sauce.  It comes with a yogurt sauce that complements it nicely.  They don't boil the meat which I'll give them props for.The fries were awesomely crispy.  However, they were SALTY.  The 3 sauces the fries come with were very good, but I couldn't even see the salt on the potatoes to be able to brush it off.  The mussels were delicious!  The bread it comes with was actually too salty too, but I was able to brush off a lot of it, and dip it in the sauce to wash it out a bit.  The curry based sauce was very good this way.  This is the only dish I may possibly ever go back for.  Very good.The burger they had trouble getting going.  I ordered it medium, got it pretty much looking like raw ground beef in the middle.  They took it back and seems like cooked it just on the side I had cut it, the cut edge was brown but still raw beef in the middle.  They took it again and we thought they said they'd redo the whole thing.  We got it back with the bites missing, burned to a crisp on one side and still raw in the very middle on half the patty.  We all gave up and they took it off the bill and gave us dessert on the house.  The little bite I had was decent, seems like they seasoned it with soy sauce or something.  At least that's what I tasted before the burnt flavor overpowered everything.  However, its pretty tiny for a 12 dollar burger, which is pretty hefty already for a happy hour special.  The strawberry shortcake was pretty delicious.  I would prefer a little more shortcake but it was good.  Overall not too sweet, edible creme (I usually don't like whipped cream or anything like that).  Donut holes weren't bad, came with a nice sauce though it would be better as a thicker sauce.  Chocolate pudding cake was delicious, though it's hard to mess up.  Its like slightly raw brownie batter or chocolate lava cake.  Yum.  The sweet potato cheesecake I was less of a fan of.  It starts tasting like sweet potato and ends tasting something like Cheez Wiz. All in all, despite the kitchen mess up I wasn't too upset over it because they really seemed like they were trying to make it right.  Our waitress was awesome, and the bar staff was great too while we were there.  The drink specials are AWESOME, the food specials not so much (as far as pricing goes).  The food isn't very impressive at all with the exception of the mussels.  Maybe I'll go back far mussels and wine, but I really don't see anything else worthwhile.
4	Huge Binkley's fan.  Hit Bink's Midtown for restaurant week.  Some dishes, amazing.  Others not so much.  The corn chowder and the chocolate desert were worth the drive.  Our server was some cute 20 something airhead.  We heard "my bad" all night as we waited for our water, our wine flights, our bread.  One person got his appetizer with dinner.  My Bad!  So, why 4 stars?  The dishes that were good were really, really good.  Very comfortable place. I'm giving them a break for it being an unusual week!
4	Glad we finally made it over to Bink's.  Another great spot in the hood.  The Sand Dab rocks.  I think that may have been the best fish preparation I've had in ages.  Can't say I was a huge fan of the Foie Gras or the Dates.  But, definitely loved the place.  Also loved the drink presentations.
5	Bink's was a fantastic finale or restaurant week.  Enjoyed the patio and great service...something other restaurant week picks were lacking.  Corn chowder, beet carpaccio, vegetable paella all very flavorful.  This would be excellent place for date night!
5	What a great little find!! I highly recommend this place!!! The food is amazing, portions small (perfect size)! Great atmosphere and service! Highlights, bone marrow, cucumber salad w/ smoked salmon and for a cocktail the strawberry basil lemonade.  Can't wait to come back when we visit AZ again!
4	I highly enjoyed my dining/drinking experience here. You can enjoy this place for HH, a romantic dinner for two, or Sunday brunch. They do it all! We went for HH so my review is based on service at the bar. The bartender was super nice (I think his name was Jeff)! He engaged in conversation with us, offered his recommendations on food, kept our water glasses full and reminded us before HH ended to fill up our drinks. Very important if you want high marks from me. The food was all delicious. Some dishes really knocked it out of the park, others were just good. We shared a few things:Burrata - everything you hope Burrata will be - creamy, milky, slightly sweet buttery flavor paired nicely with pistachios and apricot or date compote. YUMFried ribs - good, but they should ease up on the sauce. It overpowered the actual meat flavor. Next time I'm going to ask for the sauce on the side. Mussels - OH man! That curry sauce should be bottled and sold. I would pore it over anything and everything. The bartender was nice enough to bring us extra bread so we could mop up the sauce. Oh and the mussels were cooked perfectly. Veggie Paella - This dish took a little longer but perfection takes time. I will be going back for this dish on the regular. Most Paella is over powered by them putting too much saffron but this was perfect and you don't miss seafood or meat at all.I can't wait to go back and try more!
2	The staff Is nice, friendly-but that's it. Nothing else about this place would make me want to come back.  One word to describe the food, all of the food: SALT.  Our table had two orders of french fries which were waaay too salty.  They are served with three sauces..you guessed it!...All incredibly salty too.  The green chili pork that my sister had was also overly salted and the hamburger was nothing special.  I had the brisket sandwich which should be served on a heartier bread.  The square rye sandwich bread cannot hold this sandwich and by the time it reached the table was a soggy, sloppy mess.  On top of that the food took an incredibly long time to come out and the place was not even half full, not even close.  The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.  In my opinion this place is over rated and I would honestly not come back.
2	The prices are very expensive for the food you receive.  The Duck was three  little dollops (like chicken satay) on  a tiny dish with three grapes and that was an entree.For appetizers we chose ribs, beets and eggplant....The ribs were tasty and tough, the beets were cut so think they were a joke and the eggplant was a mouthful . Oh, the french fries for $5.00 was the best bet.Dinner was $90.00 with tip and we left hungry - yes we had two $5.00 glasses of wine.
5	I feel like anything Kevin Binkley touches turns to gold...or something delicious. We have been regulars at Cafe Bink in Cave Creek and we've had the great fortune of enjoying the true Binkley's. We were so excited to try the new location and we stopped by for lunch on a Friday. I love the converted house design, the open concept and outdoor seating. Free valet! I can't wait to go there at night.  The lunch menu is set up a bit differently than we are used to at the other locations, and I noticed they had a great express lunch option. Typical of all Binkley restaurants, LOCAL PRODUCE is used. :)  As always we enjoyed the truffle fries!! In defense of these fries, I do not usually like a lot of salt (FYI, trained chefs use a GOOD AMOUNT of salt; it is used to enhance the flavor of foods and is seen as necessary in the culinary world) and I do not feel like the truffle fries have an inedible salt content. I had the chopped salad and was very happy with my choice. Chef Binkley is a genius about combining ingredients and flavors. My better half had the brisket sandwich and my bites were awesome!If you are familiar with Binkley restaurants, then you know you will generally be treated to some amuse bouche (these are little complimentary tastings/treats the kitchen sends out to patrons). We were treated to some buckwheat biscuits in a buttery sauce that was served in a tiny skillet. Yumm. I appreciate that there are healthy options here and then there are the richer, heavier options too.Is it expensive? Well, it depends on when you go and what you order. It is a bit more upscale, but you can get amazing quality food at good prices if you go at the right time.  And they have a LONG Happy Hour! 2:30-6 PM, always a plus! Another great Binkley location! We will be back!
4	It's worth a visit. The food is decent wine list a bit limited. We liked it there would make a trip back
3	Restaurant week, this was dinner number 2. Three gals, a gorgeous night on the patio for cocktails, conversation and great food.I've heard from several sources the veggies are flat out amazing - the entrees disappear in the shadows of the veggies. And while I tried to approach with an open mind, this was definitely my experience.The beet carpaccio appetizer was out of this world amazing! Possibly one of the most perfect dishes I've ever tasted. Colors, textures, flavors - the presentation and the eating was just astounding!My entree was the grilled tiger shrimp. The shrimp themselves were okay - but nothing to write home about. I realize it was restaurant week and this is a Binkley place - but still not thrilled that an entree portion of animal protein consisted of 4 shrimp total. 5 or 6 would have made the plate more complete. However - the couscous with cucumber and mint? Outstanding!Dessert was okay - but better in concept than execution. Chocolate cake with a side smear of peanut butter mousse, a strawberry sauce and raspberry sorbet "crumbles." Any one of the complementary flavors would have made the whole more than the sum of its parts - it just got lost within itself a bit.Oh - and how could I leave this for last? Elderberry Manhattan. DO IT!Will be back for veggies and cocktails for sure. Not in a big rush to do another dinner, though.
4	Some highlights on the current menu: ~buttery, moist, delicious sand dabs (a delicate, sweet flat fish) and an ample portion. ($18)~smokey okra, complimented by pepper jelly that is reminiscent of something you dip egg rolls in -- never had okra or don't think you like it? THIS is the one to try! ($6)~and my VERY favorite: baby acorn squash. Hard to do this tiny treasure justice with mere words! The presentation uses the squash as a bowl with the top cut to form a sweet little lid. You dip your teaspoon in and come up with a rich, creamy, simultaneously sweet and savory, tangy heaven! ($10) The first two items could be shared but I encourage every body to get their OWN acorn squash!
5	I am a fussy eater.   I am a vegetarian.  I am a serious cook. When I dine out, I want fresh veggies served in interesting ways I have not thought to do myself.  (Sigh) I am hard to please.  I was ELATED with my meal at Binks Midtown.  I am now officially a fan.Along with a friend visiting from California,  I went to Binks this weekend. I ordered the veggie paella.  Friend ordered the pork belly.  We split the acorn small plate.  We also split the chocolate mousse type dessert.  Our meals were, quite simply, DELICIOUS.  We each ordered the tap wine.   Friend had the white.  I had the red, which  was a Tuscan style blend.  Both of us loved our wines.  The rest of the story -- the ambience, the staff's professionalism...the Scene -- were spot on.  I would describe it as High End Casual.  Or, put another way, FUN.  Which is why you are going out to dinner anyway.  Right?!
2	6 of us went to Binks Midtown on friday night for a friend's birthday dinner. I would give the ambiance and food a 4 or 5 but the service was quite poor. My friend touched the bread serving dish and burned her hand so badly her fingers blistered. There was No warning about the temperature of the serving plate and there were  no apologies for her sizzling fingers either. She asked for ice to stop the pain and had to repeat the request 4 more times to 3 different people to get a simple ice-cube - which finally appeared about 15 minutes after she was burned.  They knew ahead of time that it was a birthday for one of our group and there was not even a cupcake or a happy birthday wish from our server.Appetizers were brought out one at a time and out of sequence so  some of us were nearly done while others had yet to receive their starters.The server seemed unaware of the use of "please" or "thank-you"Every request had to be made 3 or 4 times - everything was so slow it spoiled the experience. As I said, the food was special but the service was so poor, I will not recommend it nor will I return.
2	Nice location west of Arcadia. That's about the best I can say. We were a party of 4 for dinner on a Sunday night. Restaurant was about half full. We received water shortly after we sat, then waited 10-15 minutes for a server to come to the table and only after we flagged her down. We were hungry and ordered a bottle of wine, salads and main course all at the same time. It took about 30 minutes to get the wine and 40 minutes for the salads (despite multiple requests for a status on our salads). We asked to speak to a manager, and that took another 10-15 minutes. When he did stop by our table, he asked if he could pour some more wine (no thank you, we were pouring our own and were fine), then he walked away. Completely disinterested. Our main courses came about 10 minutes later. Two of us ordered the flat iron steak - one ordered medium and the other medium well. Both came on the "well" side of medium well. Another in our party had the pork special, which was very good. The chicken ordered by our fourth was unremarkable. If I were rating this solely on service alone, it would barely be one star. The rating at two stars is for a nice location and decent (but unremarkable) food.I will not be back.
2	We really wanted to love this place, really! But sadly, we did not.  Where to begin, let's start with the food.  We sampled a number of dishes (Posada soup, Eggplant, Deep fied rib, onion tart, paella, chicken).  None of our course were particularly memoriable.  We were starving too, so that's not good.  The decor was ok, but very poor experience in a crowded restaurant trying to have a romantic dinner on date night and having an onslought of servers sprinting by us and nearly tripping on my legs.  There was also something very inconsistent about what appears to be a pretty upscale place, but with a staff in jeans and t-shirts. The service was adequate and prompt.  Nothing to rave about, but nothing to use against them, although had the food and ambiance been better, we may have felt better about the aspect too. If only we were drinking, the cocktails that we saw others ordering looked really intriguing, but we were not partaking.
5	we went to binks knowing that the chef was one of the best in town and we got to experience just that, the best in town! food was awesome, with amazing food combinations that you are unsure you are going to like, then you just cant explain how good it is. so good!the service was great, our waiter Russ was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the restaurant, the food, the preparation, and was just a good guy, everything he suggested was great. go here with the intention of having a family style dinner with everyone sharing each plate, and ask the waiters what to order!
5	Come here with a open mind to try fun twists on food.. & make sure who you choose to come with will share food cause that is how you have a great experience of the menu. Have had sweet potatoes was pureed with bacon froth. Total spin. That and the corn chowder are not on the menu cause all the changing. The summer and winter squash was a very pleasant surprise! The new soup cant remember the name was wonderful and had a similar to a Mexican homemade delight! The arugula salad was amazing! I love arugula when done right candied pecans, figs, chicken, light and not to creamy dressing cant wait to go back and get it soon..The menu changes a lot and fast. Always something new and yummy! By far a favorite.Deserts are unique AND adorable Service great too.
3	Ok... Three stars is a little harsh. However, for a place that has so much to live up to, it really didn't wow or amaze me. As other reviewers have mentioned, all the food is very colorful and has excellent presentation. The flavors, however, were underwhelming. The ingredients were fresh and the food was well-cooked, but it wasn't anything I couldn't make myself. I was really looking forward to being more dazzled.
4	Been here a few times.-bolonese: quite good, good portion, filling. I like that the bread pudding and the sauce are separate and you take a bit of one with the other.-pork, on the weekends. The hubby says delish and worth returning for. I liked the fresh salsa with it. -haricot verts- deelish!-pineapple rum passion fruit shooter- good! Just a shot but fun. Looks like an egg in a glass, pretty fun and fancy pants!-orange sorbet: a very cool show with liquid nitrogen and freezing "soup." The actual sorbet was so-so but the "soup" - delish. Good to show the out of Towners!-brisket sandwich - not very good due to the brown mustard (I only like yellow mustard... Dunno, just me.)Comes w fries and 3 sauces- the ketchup has horseradish! (Again, yuck!) Green sauce not good. Garlic aioli IS good.-sloppy joe- good. The salad is not that good, get a different side.
4	We eat out fairly often, and travel often, but mostly, we love to eat and cook great meals at home. When at home in Phoenix and eating out, we prefer unpretentious, comfortable dining with great taste. Binks offers all that.
5	Amazing restaurant phenomenal food homie feel. Love to eat here and relax with friends and family while enjoying some of the best food in Arizona. Best to just try a little of everything even if you haven't had it before it will be good.
4	The local produce menu is ideal for vegetarians. Fresh, lots of variety. Dinner menu has everything from duck to port belly to paella. Best of all: happy hour 2:30 - 6 pm every day (including weekends). Half off beer, wine and well cocktails. Restaurant atmosphere is bright, homey and clean. Two outdoor patios; the one in the front has a fireplace. A worthy restaurant to visit in Phoenix.
5	We were incredibly impressed with our first (embarrassed to admit) experience at Binks. We have been talking about going for a long time, and finally tried them for Sunday Brunch. The food was excellent, service was great and the setting is awesome. Even though Binks is located in a somewhat questionable neighborhood (and this is coming from a central Phoenix resident) on a semi busy street, the patio is awesome. You don't really notice the surroundings, even while playing a game of croquet (which we did). The server was awesome, very knowledgable and even got a chef to open up the smoker so we could see the pig they were cooking for that night. We ordered a couple of pig of the week sandwiches, the green chili, and the brisket sandwich. The green chili was amazing, I would have get that again. Both sandwiches  were really good to, deserving of a reorder on our next visit. My only knock with the food would be the sauces that came with he fries. The ketchup was weird, something tasted off about it. The other two sauces weren't bad, but didn't really compliment the fries. Luckily, the fries were good enough on their own where it didn't matter. For the desert we ordered the chocolate cake, which was served as a deconstructed cake in a mason jar.  I love the use of alternative serving dishes so the jar alone won me over. Bu itself, the cake stood on its own. It was moist and flavorful, and even the whipped cream at the top was awesome. Overall, it was a great experience. We will definitely be back many times in the future.
4	Had an amazing dinner here and definitely recommend Bink's.Staff were very fast, friendly and helpful and the food is amazing.The menu is a lot of fun, you can literally build a tapas style dinner together from all of the hot and cold dishes.  The squash soup was amazing.  Great for vegetarians too!  It does get a little pricey but you're paying for nice ambiance and of course the Bink's name.   There were good wine choices and valet service was friendly albeit a bit unnecessary.
5	Wonderful! After driving by Bink's for months and wishing I was seated at the patio, I was finally able to stop in and enjoy.You have to valet, so make sure you have some cash on hand. Seating is simple and comfortable - the restaurant is cozy, rustic, and the outdoor patios are shaded nicely with large umbrellas and trees.Started with a couple baby back ribs and an order of fries. Baby back ribs were messy, yummy, good. Fries were great - I LOVED the aioli and truffle ketchup. Accompanying vert sauce was good, too.Bacon burger was great. My husband asked for medium, and it was cooked perfectly. He doesn't like pickles at all but the mix of caramelized onion mayo, onion roll, and cheddar balanced perfectly with Lucy's spicy pickles. It was rich without being greasy and heavy.Chicken salad sandwich was also very good - the perfect lunch sandwich. The onion roll is wonderful, and the chicken salad is hearty without being too heavily weighed down with mayonnaise.We both got a salad on the side - so wonderful. It's a bowl of mixed green that's incredibly earthy and simple. You can tell all the ingredients are local - they shine with freshness and quality.I think prices are reasonable for what you get. I did come in with the expectation that I was going to have a decadent, heavy meal. I think what we ordered didn't give us that, but I was in no way disappointed. When you take a good look at the quality and preparation of food at Bink's, it's hard to be disappointed.Service was good - our waitress was helpful, knowledgeable, and prompt. I am excited to go back!
5	Kevin Binkley is an extraordinary talent.  He is positively cutting edge and has helped to put Phoenix on the culinary map.  His genius would be welcomed in cities like NY and San Fran, and we are very fortunate to have him here.
1	Avoid at all costs.After having heard such positive publications for Bink's, I had high expectations. Unfortunately none of these, save the appetizer we had, were upheld. The octopus appetizer was perfectly cooked, though no amount of amazing food is worth putting up with the lousy wait staff and unengaged management team.As a server myself I am empathetic to fellow waitstaff who are busy and trying to do their jobs to the best of their abilities. Though our server walked around the half filled dining room with a "can't be bothered attitude". An hour after we had sat down Russell, our sever, asked us if we wanted to order entrees. We spent that hour being blatantly ignored and had decided over dirty dishes and empty cups that we could do better elsewhere. We got our check and had Russell run our card though when I got the receipt back he had charged me nearly five times the amount of the original bill. I brought it to his attention and it took another twenty minutes for him to come back with the rectified copy.As it turns out I wasn't refunded the amount but just charged the entire bill over again. I spoke with a manager named oscar and halfway through the conversation I realized he wasn't planning on asking about my experience so I let him know a brief synopsis of the dinner. His response? "Oh, sorry 'bout that" he told me he'd look into it and get back to me. He didn't. I ended up following up the next day, 48 hours later, because the funds had still not been given back. I spoke with the most customer service oriented individual, Joby (not saying a whole lot) and he told me that he'd look into it and call me back, I explained that it was a time sensitive matter and he assured me he would respond as soon as possible. Five hours later at 6:30 PM I decided I'd been blown off... Again.When I spoke with Joby again he told me he had planned on calling me back but he was busy that day doing inventory and went on to tell me that the restaurant had done everything in their power to fix it, though I wouldn't be receiving the funds for another week. Both Joby and Oscar tried explaining that it was my banks fault and they'd done everything they could to make it right. It took them two days to tell me it would take another week I ended up explaining to Oscar he difference between making it right and merely refunding the money they took and he finally asked if a gift card would make it right. He assured me that he would be emailing it to me the day after. Three days after the fact I realized that he had merely lied to get me off the phone.Mr Binkley, you ought to be ashamed of your restaurant staff.
5	Wonderful happy hour experience.Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys great happy hour food and drink specials.Items we've enjoyed and would recommend, sloppy joe, curried mussels, burger, fries, buckwheat drops.We love visiting them when we are in this part of town.
5	I thought that I had experienced some of the best Short Ribs in Phoenix but last Saturday night Binks had a off menu rib that was to die for! This was our first time at the Midtown location and the experience was great. Make reservations 2-3 days in advance to get a seat.
5	Our party of 3 loved every aspect of our recent dinner at Bink's Midtown.   From the amazingly crafted cocktails - a ball of green apple "ice" in the Gin- to the thoughtful and well-informed staff.  The vegetable menu is totally surprising.  Carrots four ways?  We scraped up every last bit. Try the bone marrow starter - it makes you feel like very lucky caveman, in my case, woman.  Some restaurants are good with entrees and starters but not the rest - here nothing has been left out. Kevin Binkley has creative and delicious everything, so save time and tummy room for dessert.   Next time we hope to get a table on the romantic patio next to the cracking fireplace....
3	The French fries with the trio of dipping sauces is a must try!Really enjoyed the burger. Be sure to order medium!Pass on the green chili pork on the brunch menu as the pork was lacking flavor.  And the ribs had a weird tart flavor and the yogurt foam did not enhance.Nice ambience and natural light throughout restaurant.
4	Bink's Midtown is a great place to visit with friends. Like Bink's Scottsdale, the menu is small plate-dominated. I've been to this location twice and the Scottsdale location once. On each occasion, we ate family style by simply ordering a variety of small plates.You really cannot go wrong with any of the locally-sourced produce items, hot or cold. The sweet potato and squash were two winter standouts. The butternut puree soup was exceptional. One friend commented that one bite was enough to put Bink's in the "regular rotation".The cocktail list takes classics (like a Sazerac) and puts an original spin on it. The wine list is decent, just don't expect it to be as extensive as Binkley's in Cave Creek. Many bottles are decently affordable ($40s) by restaurant standards, and a few AZ wines are featured.The restaurant itself feels like a farmhouse, so I like the ambience here a bit better than the Scottsdale location. Aside from that, the menus are the same, so you may just be better off visiting the location closest to you.
5	Bink's Midtown is in my opinion the best happy hour in town. Also, one of my favorite chef inspired restaurants here in Phoenix! Let's see, where do we begin?The french fries with truffle ketchup will change your life. They are the best french you will ever eat! They come with 3 different sauces but I usually just ask for 3 truffle ketchup's =)Their Mussels in curry broth with fresh focaccia are AMAZING!!! The Bacon Cheese Burger has the Bacon INSIDE the Patty!! It is finger licking good!The sloppy Joe will change your opinion on sloppy joes... in a good way!ALL their local produce and salads are DELICIOUS!!!I could go on and on.... The food will not disappoint you. It is flavorful, fresh and very well thought out. The wine list is equally as good! They have a fairly small but incredibly picked wine list. They are also not over priced. Even their 'house wine' Vine Capsule is delicious and only $5 a glass ($2.50 on Happy Hour) However, Purple Hands Pinot Noir is my favorite. The staff is so kind, attentive and helpful. I would name them all, but we have been there a lot and have had a great experience every time. The General Manager is Oscar, what a great guy!! They got lucky finding him. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Bink's Midtown! You will not be disappointed. Cheers!
4	Great January day to sit out side.  The San dabs were great for lunch.  Also the squash soup was excellent.  Great service
2	Come here for the French Fries. Everything else was waaaaay too experimental in its flavors. Tart BBQ Ribs and Yogurt Foam? REALLY? No thank you!This chef is known for getting some horrible feedback for trying to do weird things with food. It doesn't work IMO.
4	Food was EXCELLENT!  The menu when you first look at it seems a little all over the place but when you taste it, it all fits.  The chef really has taken his strengths and played to them.  \The service was ok.  Nothing to write home about. You can tell the back of the house was much more passionate than the front of the house where it seemed as though everyone was for themselves except for the bartender who had a resemblance to the chef/owner.  It was even more apparent as they were going through shift change when a server was telling the oncoming bartender sorry they were a little behind as one female server was 35mins late and the male server was 45mins late and she recapped the whole day for him.  There was no malice in her saying so, just reporting as if he were a supervisor.  Service is the only reason this place got 4/5 stars.  Would I go back?  Yes!  I tried a little bit of everything and like I said, absolutely delicious!  Prices were too low on the fries.  They need to charge a few more dollars for those.  The ribs were great on their own as well as with the yogurt creme. Green Chili Pupusa, excellent use of Jamaica and tomatillos.  Their sandwhich came on a nice ciabatta bread, toasted to perfection and the pulled pork was succulent with a hint of butter and vinegar?  Never the less it was awesome!!!  YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE!  It is one of the best places I have eaten in Phoenix.
4	We have been wanting to try Bink's ever since we moved about 3 blocks from it, so I thought my husband's birthday would be the perfect time.  When we walked in we noticed that is was a lot bigger than we expected, it was bright & clean, and we were greeted right away.  The food was very good, the service was a tiny bit slow, but nothing to complain about.  The reason I am only giving 4 stars is because they knew it was my husband's birthday as I had put that in the notes when I made the reservation on Open Table and mentioned it again when we were ordering.  Nothing was said and nothing special was even offered.
5	Great place to have dinner with friends, eat amazing food, and get lost in conversation.  Service is attentive, but not so much that your conversations are getting constantly interrupted.Wine selections are what you would expect for this type of establishment.Appetizers we enjoyed:Mixed Greens salad - One of the best salads I have had in a long time and if I could make salads like this every day I may just become a rabbit. :)French Fries - They didn't change my life as others have suggested, but they truly are some of the best french fries you will try.  Be sure to try each of the sauces because they are all very tasty.Burrata - Good, but probably my least favorite choice.  A little on the bland side.Beets - These are not your beets from childhood.  The Huckleberry vinaigrette and hazelnuts make these beets the best you will ever have!Dinner:I chose the Paella and added scallops - AMAZING!  Flavorful without being overpowering on the pallet.  I would definitely have this again and try without other protein choices, but would also try without protein as well.Others in our party chose the Sand Dabs which were also very good, 5 Spice Duck Breast - perfectly prepared and probably the only duck that I have tasted that I actually enjoyed.Dessert :Nuts-Berries dessert cocktail - Very tasty and enjoyableOlive Oil Cake - Very good presentation and tastes good too.Cake Donut Holes - Very good - what you would expect, nothing overly exciting.Recommendation:  Get both the Olive Oil Cake and Donut Holes - then try the Donut Holes with the berries and shattered white chocolate mouse.  THIS combination is worth a selection of its own on the menu!!!Overall, Binks Midtown is a place to relax and enjoy some good food.  If you want to rush your meal, do not bother because you will miss the point of the restaurant.  Stop by and leave time to enjoy, savor, and relax.
3	The food was interesting, and mostly very good, but it was spoiled by the unbelievably slow service.  We came into an almost empty restaurant, but it took so long for our food to arrive that my son-in-law finally left with my granddaughter, and we took their food home to them.  We are not people who rush, either (We're Euro Cafe fans, and they are not fast!), but this was far beyond acceptable.  I wanted to like it.
3	The restaurant is lovely and the food is excellent. The presentation and portion sizes recall nouvelle cousine. If you are someone who doesn't mind small portions priced way high, this restaurant is for you.
3	We went to celebrate my birthday on a Thursday night. There was a large party that monopolized our service.  The host seated us right away, brought menus but forgot the wine list.  Our server greeted us after 10 minutes.  She asked if we had any questions and I said that we hadn't ordered any drinks?  She quickly brought us a wine list and reviewed the dinner menu.  After another 10-15 minutes we asked our busboy, who delivered our bread  if we could order wine? The HOST came and took our drink order.  Our server returned at the time of our drink delivery.  She apologized for the delay then took our food order.  The redeeming factor was that our meal was FANTASTIC. My husband had the duck and I had the flatiron steak.  Closing comment: if you know you have a large party to deal with why not free up another server for the dining room?
4	I'd give this place 5 stars based on the food, but the service was so iffy I had to bump to 4 stars. The house that is Bink's Midtown is darling - terrific wood floors, lovely little bar at the entrance, a cute patio out front, and conversational tables situated throughout. We were greeted very nicely at check-in and ready to enjoy their spectacular happy hour specials. Beer, wine, cocktails all - 1/2 off! Along with some specialty delights. We shared the golden beets (yum) and the sweet potato (yum) to start. The wine selection was decent and there are a couple of beer choices on tap. We moved through to the deep fried ribs and sweetbreads (both good) and on to the amazingly delicious butternut squash soup and shrimp roll. The cardamom donut holes were also superb. We ate like kings from the smaller menu and can't wait to go back and try the dinner menu with trout, duck, and the like. As a side bar on the service - it was mostly efficient and barely friendly - a smile and some care or concern for our time in your restaurant would have gone a long way and given you a better tip too.
4	Easy to get into. Unique menu. Everything seems very tasty and fresh. Service is pretty good. They are great with alterations to orders. Prices are reasonable too. Great local staple. Especially recommend for a lighter meal.
5	Love this place. Amazing food and great drinks. Knocked it out of the park
4	Valentines Dinner, first time and looked forward to a great meal. The menu and wine pairings were excellent. The service was more drop and go, table interaction fell farbelow expectations. Feel the service let the Culinary team down on this night.Will return for the full menu experience.
4	This has turned into one of my favorite lunch spots when I'm in the area. I like to stop in here on the way home after a nice morning hike at South Mountain Park.There's a fireplace on the patio, and the dining room has wainscoting - it's a very comfortable setting. A place you can relax and enjoy some good food.I recommend getting a few things from the "local produce" section of the menu.  The pecans with arugula and chevre is a personal favorite. I'm a sucker for the their Posole soup with either a chicken salad sandwich or brisket sandwich.  If you're into pork, try the "pig of the week" sandwich; ask your server how it was roasted this week (they vary it from week to week).Good spot!
5	A great find! The food was to die for. We did the Papusa and it was a winner. We did the Beet Salad, the Arugula Salad and the Chopped Salad, all were wonderful. Presentation was perfect, service was over the top and the building itself was very nice. It's an old house that was very comfortably done with two nice patios. I'll be back!
5	The most amazing dining experience. The wine we selected Alakai 2011 red blend was so colorful and red. The bolonegese was absolutely  beautiful. No pasta just meat read sauce and cheese. The sweet potatoes were perfect and so different. This place is for a more sophisticated foodie and was an amazing meal and experience.
5	I am usually the "chain" guy and stick to what I know.  This past friday we hit Bink's for happyhour.  This was my first time, and let me say.. far from last time, that we hit this place.  I was floored by the quality of food and beverages.   From what I learned, all the food ingredients comes from the local markets and all the beer is Arizona branded. The service was great, we got our food in a timely manner and sitting outside in the beautiful weather was the perfect touch.Can't wait to go back!
5	Fabulous!! Look forward to returning. Valet parking a plus first off. Waitress Sara was perfectly attentive. The master chef, Justin explained his experience and how well rounded he was .  We tried among many things, the papusas!! Nothing like I have had in El Salvador. If you are looking for something truly unique, scrumptious and sensational gaze no further.  Dare your mind and taste buds to an evening of wonder! Afflicted affection will surely ensue.  Really quaint and enjoyable . Gail Z
3	Super excited to try it since it is within walking distance of our house in Loma Linda. Went with friends and family.  Pricier than I expected, but not a huge concern...with drinks a few appetizers and entrees with sides for all 6 of us was under $250. Weight staff was very friendly, decor and inside of the old house is adorable- very clean.  Was a little disappointed that we weren't able to be seated outside on a beautiful night, despite asking to sit out there on my reservation....but, other thoughts:Boo:   To the WAY overdone asparagus....was practically burnt.    To the oily (not greasy, oily) flat iron steak half of us had.  Had to blot it off with their fancy napkins to even eat it.Meh:  To the trout dish....loved the sliced almonds, but other than that, was not very flavorful (though it was NOT fishy tasting, so that was a plus!)   To the bone marrow....a smidge gelatinous, but tasty, though I wish the bread they served with it wasn't as hard as a hockey puck.Yeah!    To the fingerling potatoes! Delish     To the yellow beets....omg.Will definitely try again, but probably just for small plates and not an entree.  Would definitely be plenty of food.
4	Happy Hour at Bink's Midtown = YUMMY!This past Friday I was fortunate to try out Bink's Midtown for the first time.  We were seated on the back patio and on such a beautiful night this was a real treat.  Our waitress was super friendly and honest, which is a must in my opinion.  She directed us to some great choices and we embarked on a very delightful and filling meal.Thanks to some great happy hour pricing we tried a variety of appetizers.  We had the green garlic fritters, fried ribs, mussels, and the meatball of the day (Hawaiian).  Everything was super delicious, but I was particularly fond of the fritters and ribs... although be warned the ribs are super messy.  There was so much enticing things on the menu it was very hard to decide what to try.  We also partook in the pumpkin donuts for dessert, which I felt could have been a touch sweeter, but really with a fried cakey item, what more could I really ask for.Bink's Midtown was super charming inside and outside. I'm looking forward to coming back soon and trying more off of their unique menu!
2	2nd time at binks and there won't be a 3rd . I want to be kind and not say negative things about the food  . lets just say its not good , let just say I would rather have my eyes gouged out than eat here again . Two guys walk into a bar ........... Its a Joke .
5	We had a tremendous meal at this cute and hip little spot.  Loved the farm fresh ingredients and thoughtful preparation that goes into creating each menu item.  Our server was terrific -- offered some menu suggestions that were spot-on.  I love eating in old homes that have been lovingly restored into restaurants. You can really feel the caring and pride that went into creating Bink's.  Sort of like going home to Mom's for dinner...except you discover that Mom is now sporting tattoos.
5	This place is unbelievably great.The service is outstanding.  Everyone is very kind.They have a very nice, dog-friendly patio, right next to a grassy area with croquet set up!They have some of the best french fries I've ever had.Their sandwiches are delicious.  So are their salads.  Everything tastes very fresh.Even the water is great!We can't wait to come back and try dinner.
5	I took a date here, we sat next to the fireplace. It was a nice romantic setting. The chef gave us some type of bread to enjoy. The service was great and the food was great.I tried BBQ Octopus and it was really good!
5	Everything was great, but my sausage on my sandwich was really big.  :) Management knows what they're doing here. I would definitely go back. I only have one criticism, why is the espresso machine so old. This place has money can't they afford a good quality machine?
2	I consider myself  (probably wrongly) an upscale diner.  I love experiencing new restaurants (with the help of Yelp - yeah!).  I went to Binks with three other people at their suggestion.  To put it simply -- I just don't get it.  We ordered many different small dishes to share --  BBQ ribs, bone marrow, sweetbreads.  For a main course, I got the steak but tried the duck and polenta.  We also got several different veggies side dishes -- carrots, asparagus.  We also ordered a couple desserts and I had a couple bites of the smores sundae.Overall I thought the food just wasn't that great.  The best thing was the polenta  (which unfortunately I didn't order).  The steak was okay but I've made better at home.  The sides dishes were average to poor.  The smores dessert was tasty but was basically an undercooked brownie.I saw in another review that the water they serve at the table is excellent -- very true but I wouldn't eat somewhere for the water.Just too hipster and the food just wasn't good enough.  Best part of the meal -- it was free for me -- my friend paid.  Just not my cup of tea.
2	I give this place two star because they should know better than to open a restaurant without having their ducks in a row. This isn't a first time venture from a restaurant newbie, this is the third installment of rising culinary star, Kevin Binkley, and unfortunately Bink's has the appearance of a place trying to cash in on the celebrity of it's owner.  A well-pedigreed name gets me in the door, but after that, you've got to earn it.Now, for the review:Opening:  No one greeted me at the door, and when I walked in, I waited for a few minutes before anyone approached me.  Not a biggie, but you know - a better restaurant wouldn't let this slide. The drinks: While my table was being readied, I sat at the bar and watched as the bar-tender angrily poured out a drink and complained about the server's mistake.  After waiting to be spoken to, the owner takes my order.  In the end I was served a well-attempted Hendricks martini, made to my preference.  But for the money - $13 - it was small and unspectacular.  The liquid nitrogen that my bartender heaped upon it - did nothing for the appeal.The food:  the best area but highly uneven.  The foie gras beignets were tasty. The soup was delicious, the mussels so-so, the chop salad and french fries were highly salty but still good.  The cauliflower excellent.   Of all the elements  I experienced, the kitchen was the bright spot - and easily worthy of 3 stars.
3	Was to this restaurant twice. Liked the taste of the dishes and the lunch menu a lot. Decided to invite friends there for dinner. The happy hour is fabulous, the food is great, but... I will not return unless they take care of their fly problem. Because of the outdoor sitting, the door has to be opened frequently, and the flies evidently come through there. They were landing on the food, the drinks, the glasses, on your face. To say it was unpleasant is an understatement. For any restaurant, especially the one like Bink's , it's unacceptable and pretty gross. That's why I rated it as 3stars. Please take care of this awful problem so people can enjoy your food and restaurant.
2	Overall it was ok.  What they are charging for the food you get is not worth it.  I have had much better for the same or even cheaper. Flavor was good but nothing better then I could do in my home kitchen. The menu, wait I mean menuS, I remember 5 of them but might have missed 3 or 4, are over complicated and not well put together.  Presentation was really lacking in all of the plates we had.  If you are a craft beer drinker STAY AWAY, selection is about as good as Circle K.  The only good part of our dinner was the service.  We were greeted upon arrival and taken to our table.  Our server Jeff was very attentive and had a smile all of the time.  He was able to explain all of the food to perfection.  Another great part of the service was the busser.  I usually do not even notice this but even he was happy and was there to clear your table at the perfect time every time and was very polite.  Overall I would not go back.
4	The menu is a little pricey, and service is very hit and miss.  Sometimes the "slow food" style will be too much, and it makes the dining experience languish.  The cocktails are delicious, the wine list is decent, nice variety, well-priced, a little pedestrian.  I would not recommend doing a prix fixed event here, it was way too much food, and the food quality dipped greatly when we did this for New Year's eve last year.
5	Went last night for dinner with a group of 6. The staff was really friendly ans seemed genuinely happy to be there and to see us! The ambiance is great--a little house that is beautifully decorated. The menu is fabulous and we wanted one of everything so we shared a lot of little plates. The meals started with some delicious Buckwheat Biscuits covered in butter. We then had 10 plates including sweetbreads, octopus, caprese, green chile papusa, crispy chicken, roasted potatoes with truffle cheese, beets, peaches, stuffed dates, and a dessert (which I didn't eat since I was full). My favorite dish was the beets. I was most looking forward to the peaches, but I did not enjoy the texture of the crema. I wish Bink's was in my neighborhood because I would love to eat my way through their menu!
3	I was really excited to try this restaurant and decided this would be the perfect Monday night escape to celebrate a birthday. The menu was appealing to me, too bad our server couldn't really "sell" me on the food. She didn't appear enthused and certainly lacked any sort of passion about the food.We started with a cocktail that could not decide whether it was going to be sweet or savory....it did not taste nearly as good as it looked. We then ordered mussels and a kale salad. The mussels were not very fresh, dry and between the three of us, we couldn't bring ourselves to finish them. The kale salad was excellent, nice and fresh with lots of extra's such as dates, cranberries, etc. definitely pushed this review from 2 stars to 3.Two of us ordered the fish for our entree and one ordered the pasta bolognese. The fish was good but the presentation was poor. I would rather have paid a few dollars more and gotten a green on my plate or paid nothing extra and gotten a lemon wedge. The bolognese looked good but I didn't hear a peep when I asked her how it was. Overall...we were so disappointed that we didn't order dessert.  Shame on the server for knowing about the birthday and not either bringing a treat, encouraging us to order one, or at the least, saying Happy Birthday.I so wanted to like this restaurant, like I liked the one in carefree...but I am afraid I won't be back. The lack of luster with the service coupled with the mediocre food at  best, leaves me less than impressed.
3	3 stars only because service was really bad.  Bad service, no matter how great a place is, makes it hard for me to want to go back.We went on a Saturday night and it wasn't a full house so didn't understand why our drinks were left empty or why our waiter was so forgetful.  I had the Greyhound margarita which was yummy...had to go to the bar to get my 2nd because the waiter was never around. I had the Pork Confit dinner...I think it was called that...anyways, it was delicious!  We ordered fries which didn't come out with the meal and had to be ordered again.  Fries were awesome.I hope to go back one day and change my review to 5 stars.  Place is so cute!  Our party of 5 all agreed that the service kinda made us not want to go back.
5	I really don't know what else there is to be said about Binks. It's an incredible casual setting of Binkleys. I love Binkleys and have always went. And now that Binks is closer to my place I go all the time.  Incredible place. Calming classic vibe. Clean. The staff is calm wonderful and eclectic. The food is beyond phenomenal. And I love how they have some items on the menu that are different but bc you trust the name Binks you trust that the food combinations will work so you try out the new adventure of food and it comes out wonderful!! It's just great. We went during restaurant week as well, and it was perfect. It's that bite of food that instantly puts a smile on your face.
5	Very good, I do not have anything negative to say about the whole experience.I was in PHX for business and a co-worker and I decided to give this place a try after driving by earlier in the day.  We showed up and there was only one other customer in the building which was concerning but we figured we were there and would stay.Ordered many small plates to share and they were all great.  We sat at the bar so service was very prompt, well that and maybe there was nobody else there when our food started rolling out.Highly recommended place!
5	Second time here. Boyfriend and I both LOVE IT! Highly recommended! Getting the "Deal" again, but I'm gonna try different items. Great lunch place for sure, can't wait to bring my sister here. Chicken salad sandwich is awesome. The dipping sauces for the fries and a nice surprise and the before meal bread...holy shmoly!!
4	This is now on my short list of best places to eat in Phoenix. My wife and I had a very fun and tasty date. Plus there is croquet in front!
5	Great example of how metro phx is such an underrated and up & coming food town. Flavorful food finessed with artisinal love. They really hit their sweet spot here with just enough carefully prepared elements without being overly complex or too darned fancy for their own good. Example is the charred summer squash, with corn relish and cilantro. Just enough without starting to be too much. Bottom line: fantastic dishes made with a nod to classy simplicity,  without any black  ties. I will return for sure!
5	AMAZING FOOD! Highly recommend. Definitely an amazing unique experience. Don't pass it up.
5	First time at Bink's today, and it was for the All-You-Can-Eat Pigs Head Buffet.  You read that correctly.  Pigs head.  Now, I consider myself a pretty adventurous eater, but can't say pig head has been on the radar.  BUT, I figured if anyone could serve me pigs head, it would have to be Kevin Binkley.A bit apprehensive, and once I got past the heavy-duty mind fuck of eating PIG HEAD, the meal was thoroughly enjoyable.  Kevin himself was carving the head to order, so he took the time to explain what he was serving.  I had cheeks, ears, brains and tongue.  The side dishes were all total wins.  Simple BBQ type items, but with typical Kevin Binkley flair and creativity.Service?  Top notch.  Everyone was entirely attentive, without being annoying.The special day was a true testament to Chef's intense bond with food.  The fact he would even "go there", shows how unique and rare his talent.  I can't wait to go back and try the regular menu, as that looked fantastic.Like all of his endeavors, a total WIN.
3	My review is for all the vegetarians out there. This place is great for meat lovers, but for vegetarians, there is NOTHING on the menu. The bread is delicious (wheat biscuits), but it comes with butter mixed into the bread and the butter contains lard. Very difficult to eat the bread without eating the butter. Salads are good. Got the Little Gem salad, which was good but very heavy on the dressing. Probably would have gotten it with dressing on the side. Entree was Corn Pasta. Not a fan at all. That was pretty much the only entree I could get and it was extremely rich and buttery. I got fries as a supplement. They came with three different dipping sauces, which were extremely unique so if you're a vegetarian, I'd recommend the fries. Not healthy at all, but they do make for a tasty dinner. Service was kind of slow. Had to ask waiter to bring bread halfway through dinner and they took a long time to get the check. The other people that were able to get meat dishes had an excellent time, but if you're a vegetarian, then I'd stay clear.
2	So my BF surprised me and took me here around 4 they have HH. The place looked nice and all. The menu was a little small but we just ordered the Bacon burger and fries which you had to pay separately (fries 5 and burger 12) a bit pricey but anyway we waited about 15-20 min for our food while we sat there starving they gave us water that tasted like pool water so I asked for lemon that made it taste better. When the food arrived it looked good and the fries came with 3 dipping sauce but didn't give too much of a portion, would be better to just have the option to get all 3 or 1 sauce. The fries were eh, tasteless and hard, don't see what all the hype was about. Anyway half through eating our burger we noticed there was no bacon lol and it's called the bacon burger anyway... We were starving so just continued eating it. After that we decided to order dessert we got the bread pudding that took about 10 min until our server came by and asked if we want dessert???? Didn't we just order it 10 min ago lol. She finally realized and about 5 min it came out, tasted great but seemed microwaved. Anyway I give it 2 stars for the food for taking long,pricey,and missing bacon lol and service for beiiiinnng slooooooow and forgetful lol
5	Delicious and healthy food! I love how they use all local ingredients and how their menu changes so often. Our server, Jonathan, was excellent - he was very informative and nice - he checked in regularly but was not overbearing or intrusive in the least. A little pricy but the food was delicious! I will definitely be going back.
5	The restaurant is quaint and appealing.  Our waitress, Kendall, was great.  And the food, well the food was just as great! The apps, octopus and sweetbread nuggets were delic! The lobster pasta was heavenly, couldn't stop eating it and for dessert, PUDDIN CAKE!!!!! What more can I say except for it had different layers of flavors, there was crunch from a cookie layer, chocolate pudding and chocolate cake, it was so stinkin good!!!  Great dining experience all around, would love to go back. Oh and the cocktail, just as great. Kudos to Bink's, keep on doin what your doin and keep that puddin cake on the menu forever!!!!
4	What a lovely establishment!  Beginning with the bartender who was so very friendly and attentive to the servers who were professional, attentive, and very knowledgeable.  The food was outstanding and I can't believe I have lived here for 5 years and never knew this place was here!  Kudos to the owner, chef, and all of the staff as you have an awesome gig going!  I will DEFINITELY be going back:)
5	We went to Bink's Midtown for Restaurant Week and in my opinion it has been one of the best choices yet. I strongly recommend the chicken pot pie croquettes for an appetizer and for dessert the Black Forest Cake. For the main course I had the pot roast. I'm not a big pot roast person, but the mashed potatoes were worth it. They people I came with got the hake and the short ribs which I think were better, but really nothing was a bad choice.I also got the tableside rum punch, which I recommend everyone try. It was made tableside with fresh fruit juices and frozen nitrogen. It was pretty expensive but they way I saw it, I got a drink and a show. They also gave us free bread and this vanilla butter that I'm pretty sure had drugs in it. We wanted to eat it by the spoonful. They could have given us cardboard with the butter instead of the bread and it still would have been amazing.Even better than the food was the service. Our waitress Kendall was one of the nicest we've ever had. Another staff, John, prepared my drink and chatted with us. I'm not sure what his position was but he was really nice and helped us choose our dishes. Nice restaurants normally have great staff but these two were outstanding! We will definitely be returning, the regular menu looked fantastic and I really love the atmosphere!
5	Wonderful lunch Justin.  I could have stopped at the drop biscuits with vanilla butter but I'm glad I didn't.  The green chili pork pupusa and the chicken pot pie croquettes were perfect.  Very attentive and knowledgeable staff.
5	Great brunch today at Binks! Green chili pork and dates were amazing, Jonathan at the bar was engaging, helpful and creative with cocktails. The only thing I missed was an almond milk latte like lux..
3	I was here for happy hour last Friday! I'm not a huge drinker so I was more so there for the food. Their HH menu for food was just ehh, in my opinion. Most of the things on there are pretty adventurous (baby back ribs, cod fritters, a sand dab sandwich?). I think these types of things definitely appeal to a lot of people (people who know what sand dab is and people who are eager to delve into ribs at any given moment). Maybe I am boring, but I really just wanted something like chips & guac, or a flatbread, or something snack-y, which is what typically comes to mind for me when I think of HH. I ended up getting fries, the cheeseboard, and the burger to share with my boyfriend (the most boring, happy hour-ish things on the menu). It was all pretty good. I'll be back, but when I'm in a mood to get more culinarily adventurous than a burger and fries.
5	My new fave place. Honestly best happy hour! Half-off all wine including bottles. The food is superb, fell in love with the complimentary buckwheat biscuits w/vanilla butter. They are to die for! The sweetbread nuggets are a fave as well. The menu is extensive & genius. I can't wait to eat my way through the whole menu eventually. I also tried the mussels & okra w/pepper jelly, both fantastic.
5	I've only been to Binks for happy hour, but I must say: this place is fantastic.The venue can be best described as classy-chic in combination with homey comfort. It's calm and quiet, but can still be fun.The happy hour is excellent! Although they only offer HH for drinks and not food items, it's still great.Their food is very tasty! It's like culinary creativity brought down to basics.Great place for a date or a nice dinner with friends and family.
4	Tried Binks for the first time this evening.  We shared meatballs, the biscuits with honey butter, and sloppy joes.  I had Cosmos and hubby had Titos and Tonic.Everything was fantastic.  food was different and tasty, drinks were spot on.Happy hour 3-6. Staff was very friendly and accommodating.  ambience is very warm and inviting. Great patio area with a fire.We will defiantly be coming back to Binks.
2	Went to Bink's for the first time to celebrate my birthday. As reference we have been to Binkley's and loved it. The location is great and we were able to sit outside next to the fireplace..very cool.  Unfortunately, that's kind of where it ended for me. We ordered the green chile pork papusa as an appetizer. I would give it a B. Tasted good but was a little on the dry side.For the main course I ordered the Bacon Burger with fries.  The bacon burger was pretty tasty but was so rich I could only eat about half of it. That's almost never a problem for me :-)  And the fries, oh man the fries. Binkley's has the most amazing fries. I can't believe what they served me here. They were essentially Ore-Ida fries.  Terribly disappointed.My wife ordered the lobster pasta. We were both really excited to try it and equally disappointed in what came out of the kitchen. It was pretty heavy, the pasta was overcooked badly, and there was hardly any lobster in the dish.I spent most of my free time for two days thinking of the perfect place to enjoy my birthday dinner and, unfortunately, ended up really let down.   We may try them again one day as we really want to support Kevin Binkley, but we'll go in with lower expectations.
4	Great place. Food was good and service was good also. Cool house turned restaurant with green grassy lawn. There seemed to be only 1 waiter for the whole place but he was good. I ordered the white bean soup which was good, roast beef sandwich was really good also, side salad that came with roast beef sandwich was okay. Its by the street so you do hear traffic if you sit outside but it was nice out when I was there so it was not that bad. The have a really small parking lot and you have to use the courtesy valet. So that is only reason I didn't give five stars is lack of parking and they basically force you to use valet and spend a couple extra bucks to park.
5	LOVE! Fresh, fun, fantastic farm to table food. Attentive service. We had 7 people outside and felt very cared for! LOVED.
4	Once again Chef Kevin Binkley creates a new place. Just had a wonderful dinner with wife and friends at Bink's Midtown. Great wine and food have successfully replaced what was once Sophie's French Bistro. One of the only places you can still get duck breast and a push pop at the same place. (Plus his traditions fries are a must.)
5	Service was great! Food was fantastic. 1) French fries are a MUST!  Crispy and three dipping sauces. 2) Sweetbreads- I completely loved it. The sweet and sour flavor makes you believe your eating a Chinese chicken dish. 3) Mussels in coconut curry were perfect with the focaccia bread. 4) Butternut squash soup was creamy, rich and full of flavor. Favorite5) Fish sandwich with a homemade after sauce DESSERT 1) Blueberry doughnut with a lemon cream was a perfect combination 2) S'mores cup was rich and smooth.3) Fall flavor bread pudding perfect for thanksgiving week. favoriteCompletely would recommend this place!
5	Bink's Midtown is my favorite place again! After a couple of poor service experience visits last year I hesitated to go back even though the food was always fantastic!  Today I decided it was time to try again after reading some great yelp reviews written recently.  Well...I am back as a regular without a doubt! Service was excellent, food exceptional and atmosphere is quaint, homey, intimate, clean and bright.   Kevin Binkley knows how to serve up food that is fresh, inventive and a little bit of comfort.  I hear the happy hours are great too, will be back!  Soon!!
5	Excellent cocktails, excellent food, and a nice space.  This place should be on everyone's midtown radar.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Phx. The food is amazing and creative, I love the focus on local product. The staff is friendly and attentive and the food comes out fast. The variety on the menu is great and I love that there are a lot of plates/sides you can share. I even had a fancy push pop for dessert. Remember those as a kid? I went with my husband and we also took my mom when she came to town. Great food, awesome atmosphere, I highly recommend it.
5	Binks is hands down is my favorite place to go to unwind and have a great meal and drinks. The staff is so incredible and always is so accommodating and friendly. I love coming in and ordering the green chile pork papusa or the mussels, both will not disappoint! Binks is a breathe of fresh air after a long day at the office or reconnecting with some old friends. You will not regret coming here!
5	On a chilly Sunday morning, DH and I decided to sneak away from the teens and have a meal to ourselves. Deciding to support small restaurants with fresh ingredients, we left our Surprise neighborhood, filled with chains and the taste of corporation in each bite. We found ourselves in Downtown Phoenix. After a few false starts, going to places that had no parking or no seating, and even one that wasn't open at all despite their Yelp information, we settled on Binks.We called ahead and spoke with Timothy about seating availability. He said to come on in! In minutes we were seated by the comforting outside fireplace. Binks is a restaurant that was once a home. It has a large room in the rear, and plenty of outside seating. The inside was a bit busy so outside went.I have specific dietary needs. Our server was Randi and she helped me to choose the best options from the menu. I settled on the bacon burger and a date dish. My husband ordered a chili pork dish with cornbread on top and a baked sweet potato. We prefer to order multiple sides so that we can eat family style. The food was delicious and arrived exactly as ordered. Portions are on the small side but neither of us left hungry. But then who says that large portions are really better?The service from Randi was exceptional. She was very attentive but not disruptive. We spoke with numerous staff in the course of our visit and they were all very pleasant.Our meal came to $45. It was a lovely experience.
