2	I moved to Vegas a couple weeks ago and began seeking a good furniture store. I saw an advertisement for RC Willey and decided to drop by, even though it was a little out of the way in Summerlin.They have a pretty big selection of furniture, all of which appeared very sturdy and well-built. The salesman my family and I worked with was very nice, making recommendations and helping us choose furniture. Once we bought furniture and had it delivered, delivery came on time and was very efficient.The first delivery included a book shelf, but the pegs were missing. No problem, they said, they'd place an order and send it out to us. One week later, no pegs and no call to tell me when they'll arrive. Honestly, how long does it take to get a few shelf pegs??The second delivery included two desks, one of which was mine. The set-up was fine, but the delivery guys didn't take the styrofoam out of the drawers. I managed to fight my way through two of them by breaking the styrofoam and forcing it out, but the third drawer would barely budge. I had to schedule someone to come out and open it. He did manage to get it open, but left a huge styrofoam mess. Having just moved here, I only had a hand vacuum, which took roughly an hour to clean up. I feel that after spending $800 on a desk, I should be able to simply enjoy my desk.I'm still waiting on the pegs. Between the three couches, four desks, two dressers and smaller items, I can say that the furniture is good quality, but the customer service falters once you leave the store.
3	The bookshelf pegs arrived a little over a week after the bookshelf did, and the deliveryman installed the shelves for me. Later, a team of two guys attached a mirror to my dresser that I originally wanted to keep separate, but later changed my mind. I'm not sure why they sent out two separate parties to complete two small tasks on the same day, but whatever, it got done. It was a little confusing because one party called me to confirm a time and the other party called my dad, although I had been scheduling and accepting all deliveries. Not a problem, though.After everything was settled, I received a handwritten thank-you note in the mail from one of the two salespeople we worked with. Overall, the organization is not great, but the furniture and associates are high quality.
5	Excellent prices, EXCELLENT service. Sales rep named Steve helped me out here, I was able to buy my man couch (dual recliners and cupholders for the win!), a dining room set, coffee table, end tables, lamps, a bedroom set for my guest room, and a couple of more odds and ends.The furniture prices were 1000% reasonable. I definitely feel like I didn't get ripped off. Service was second to none; Steve gave us his cell phone number to call him personally if we had any problems with our order. Highly recommended for anyone furniture shopping in the Vegas area.
4	We go here periodically to search for new furniture. I've had so-so experiences at this store. Majority of the time, the sales people are vultures and will haunt you once you step in the door. The best salesperson I had was sara. She is very polite and answered all our furniture related questions.Thanks,Jason
4	I'm a fan of RC Willey.  We've purchased 3 mattresses, 2 TV stands, a dishwasher, washer & dryer set, and a TV at this location.  Here are some tips:- Negotiate.  The prices listed are not final.  Do some competitive shopping ahead of time so you can tell them XYZ store has a better price on a comparable item....it will give you leverage.- Ask for FREE delivery, if you're spending over $1,000.- Keep an eye out for sales and specials where they give you something for FREE.  When we bought our TV, they gave us a holiday dish set.  We didn't need it, but it was a great gift for someone.  We've also got gift cards in the past as well.- If you don't want to be bugged by a sales person, tell them up front that you're there to browse.  They'll leave you alone.Overall, it's a great place to shop for furniture.Return Factor - 90%
2	All those out of work used car salesmen had to end up somewhere... I furnished an entire place with electronics and furniture from RC Willey, and would strongly advise against giving them your business. The sales staff here are very commission driven, which is obvious when you start talking with them. I felt a little pressure to purchase certain items over others from the salesman helping me out. I grew very turned off by the whole experience. I had to buy and exchange three different couches before we found one that fit through the front door of my apartment. Every time something didn't work, I ended up at the end of the delivery list, going weeks before having a couch to sit on. Once they have your money, the quality of customer service falls apart. Also, they are not open on Sundays, so plan on taking time out of your busy work week to be hassled by a slimy sales personnel. The positive note is that I like the furniture I purchased, although I imagine I could find other items somewhere that provides a much better all-around experience.
1	Wow with so many people working here you would think that it would be easy to get service. But think again!I recently went in to purchase a small but $100 item, and obviously me looking young and asking for help on a small dollar item (small compared to the over priced furniture) didn't warrant any attention. I asked for help and one salesman said he would find someone to help me, so I take it they are limited to what items they can sell or get commission on. After he said this I watched him not tell a sole that I needed help and then never came back. So next another salesman in front of me started talking with another salesmen's client about gambling, and when I said excuse me (when he stopped chatting) he made eye contact, then walked away...again probably not his dept., but wow not even acknowledge me.  Lastly there were 3 salesmen in the dept I needed help with, they were with clients, all within 10 feet of me, and not one of them said they eventually would help me, or even make eye contact.So I left after 20 minutes, I do not believe in having to fight to give anyone business.
4	The sales associates are on top of things! They don't make you feel pressured to buy. Our rep asked questions and did some research to help us find the perfect fit. We were there for awhile because the selection is so great. Not once did the associate look at her watch or try to get us to rush. We will be back!
2	The problem with RC Willey, as I mentioned in my first review, is the aggressive staff.  I came in yesterday with my girl to look around at some tables and mattresses.  We had no interest in purchasing anything, just wanted to kill some time and look at some furniture.  We were approached by 7 (yes we counted) different sales people asking if we needed help.  If it ended there, I wouldn't really have an issue with the staff, but it did not.  I informed every one of those sales people that we were only looking, and not even considering a purchase, and still, they would not let us browse freely.  They followed us, harassed us about sales, and asked me questions about the furniture I had, which I bought from them a year earlier.  It pays to be aggressive in most sales jobs, but not here.  The sharks that work at this store make it very hard to be relaxed, and have convinced me never to step foot in RC Willey again.
4	Ok, we were desperate for a washer /dryer and NO ONE, and i did my research, had anything locally we could even consider and/or afford. RC Willeys had the best selection so we went for a look. Now mind you, we are late 50s' and do NOT have an "appearance" of people with means, because we aren't. We ALWAYS get short shrift when buying anything "large ticket", so i was immensly surprise when we got such a pleasant reception from the salesman! (David you are AWESOME-i will seek you out next time we are in!) he was patient, well informed and we ended up purchasing "higher" than we had planned and i could not be happier! The only minor "glitch" for me were the delivery guys. The first pair were good but obviously expected a tip. Only one appliance could be installed that day, so we had to take delivery the next day after a repair. (see my review on Butter Plumbing) The second set of guys were rather limp and slow but of course they had had a long day-it was 9pm when they showed up! Again with the tip...but i am still WAY happy! My new appliances are way more fab than i expected so this was a super experiance and i will return!
3	Right now I'm going with a 3 star but that could change if the furniture they deliver this weekend is not damaged like the first time.  I recently bought a new place and of course needed to upgrade some furniture.  I bought a living room set and a fridge.  Fridge was floor sample and the sales rep said it would be delivered bubble wrapped and it wasn't.  I complained because don't tell me something and then not do it.  They were nice enough to take 10% off.  That made me happy!  I waited weeks for my full living room set to come in and soon after delivery left I noticed that there were visible staples and a portion where it wasn't even stitched properly.  I will be sure to inspect more thoroughly this time.  But I do love all their interest free promos and the selection really can't be beat.  Not a fan of closed on Sundays though.
5	Great service, selection and prices!  Do not get ripped off at those name brand furniture stores charging double or triple for stuff made in the same Chinese factories!Wayne Gorsek
4	Usually every Wednesday they have a sale on a selected DVD and that's when I buy it.  It goes on sale for $8.95 for DVD and $14.95 for Blu Ray.  You order it online and pick it up at the store...not a bad deal at all!  They have wonderful customer service.  Once you walk in the door, you're greeted and the sales associates always ask if I need help.  I have walked around to check out their items and they are impressive especially when they have a sale.
2	First of all, I love RC Willey!!!! They have a great selection in furniture, fixtures, accents, and appliances. I can literally spend ALL day walking around, just browsing. I usually go to the location in Henderson but tried the one in Summerlin recently. The RC Willey on Town Center felt the same at first but then I was greeted by the mist annoying sales person I've ever met in my entire life. When I say," Thank you but I'm fine for now. I'll come find you if I have any questions..." I mean it!!! This guy followed me around through every single department and continued to give unsolicited advice. If he saw me look at a striped pillow, he'd mention that it's available in four different colors. If I looked at a desk, he'd walk over and show me how each drawer opens differently. OMG!!! I felt so pressured and unrelaxed because of this guy that I eventually left without purchasing anything (I normally would), and when I said I had to leave, he actually had the audacity to give me his business card with his cell phone number hand-written on it. Yuck! Just because I happened to have cute shorts and lipstick on, does not mean I want to spend my afternoon being followed around and hit on. I will not be returning to the RC Willey in Summerlin anytime soon for fear of ruining another relaxing day furniture shopping. You're better off perusing the location in Henderson if you're under 30 and semi-good looking.
4	We have been here on several occasions.  We are usually just looking for ideas for our home, but have purchased a bed set, sofa, and bar stools.  We found their prices, especially the sale prices are some of the best in town.  The only reason they didnt get the 5th star was the over abundance of sales people asking if we needed help.  If they were a little less agressive they would definately have earned the 5th star.
4	I'm very thankful for RC Willey and there credit line, if not for them i would still be sleeping on my old bed set from high school. I have been outta school for 10+ years and I love the new look for my new house....... I still have a Lot more to buy from the friendly people at RC Willey. the best customer service, wonderful staff
5	Love, love, LOVE RC WILLEY.  After avoiding this gigantic home furniture for a long time for fear of being attacked by salesmen and such fighting for my business, my wife and I finally went in a little over a year ago to look for a new couch.  We were greeted by a friendly staff member and then browsed around unbothered for a couple minutes.  A few sales staff offered help but did not follow us or hound us.We met our salesman Dick, who is the best.  Since buying the couch from him, we have purchased a dining table set, a desk, and a tv console.He is always available for us, and we have our go-to salesman for whatever we need.  We just call him ahead and let him know we are coming and he always has our best interests in mind when getting us checked out.Even when he was on vacation, he answered our call, and put us in touch with his associate that helped us out just as well.The delivery service is great and they set up everything for you and take the trash away with them.RC willey always has some really good deals and love all of our purchases from there.
4	RC Willey is a great furniture and appliances store. Like every organization, they have great employees, and not so great employees. We found two great employees that we utilize with all of our purchases (Jonathan S. in appliance and Mike Duffy in furniture)Great prices, great value, we utilize their interest free payment plans, and pay prior to interest being assessed. It is a great program.
4	I've bought electronics, appliances, furniture and even flooring from this place in the past.  Their sales associates are always professional and helpful.This a good place to go shopping at when making a major purchase.  As far as their prices, sometimes they have them, sometimes they don't.  That is where other Big Electronic stores come in.When we were shopping for flooring here, they actually had the best price after shopping around for a few weeks. I recently discovered "Wild Web Wednesday" where they take a DVD or Blu-ray and put it on sale for $8.95 / $14.95 respectively.
5	The recent lamp I purchased is functional and perfect for an end table. Very pleased with the quality and it was quite inexpensive too!
4	RC Willey is a vast store with furniture, bedding, appliances, tv's EVERYTHING.It's owned by Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway so even as many stores close in this recession these guys stay open and fully stocked. Good prices, large selection and even a small cafe. The sales staff are motivated so you will be helped out very quickly should you desire.I detest shopping for furniture but if I've got to do it I'll do it here. Top notch.
1	We had an amazing sales person who really knew the products and helped us pick out some great beds and bedroom furniture. The problems were all with the merchandise being broken and the orders being incorrect upon delivery. The first delivery was scheduled and we were told that the headboard was broken for the King and would have to be sent another time. When the first delivery was made and they set up the Queen bed, it had a front board that was bowed out and wasn't even flush with the sideboards.  The driver agreed it looked defective and a 3rd delivery was schedule and it was to be brought out with the other beds King headboard.  When they delivered the pieces today the King bed had the wrong size rails (Cali King) so now they will have to do a 3rd delivery and it will happen later tonight when we will not be home. We also realized that the lightening in the Kind bed doesn't work as promised so that will probably be a 4th delivery/service call. I had to call RC Willey and there was nothing they could do about the timing and I asked them to credit my delivery fee. They didn't even attempt to offer this to me, I had to ask for it.  AWFUL experience and we may just return everything if we are having this many issues and we haven't even used our furniture. (This happened at the Flamingo Road Store) but it's the company I have an issue with in general)
3	R.C. Willey is really not my thing, furniture-wise (eighties-looking couches with cupholders - no thanks!). BUT, but, they are pseudo-awesome for the following reasons:1.  Free hotdogs and soda on holidays.   Yes, I am one of those people that will do anything for free food.  This is especially great when hungover (awkward, however, because boyscouts serve the food...).2.  The R.C. Willey credit card gives you no APR for 12-18 months.  This was a very awesome thing when I put wood flooring in my house.    I am a cheapo!
1	We purchased our furniture on 1/23 and today is 3/12 and all of our furniture is falling apart (wooden headboard bubbling, side rail is bowed and chipping and they admitted after several attempts to replace headboard that didn't have working lighting feature that the manufacturer said it doesn't have 3 settings like advertised!). Luckily the 14 day return policy isn't void since we haven't actually finalized our order. If we didn't like the console or end tables I would return everything. Nothing we bought was quality and we would never purchase from RC Willey in the future because you get what you pay for. The upstairs bed looks nice but the corners don't even meet and the only reason we are keeping it is because I'm tired of waiting for furniture deliveries but for the money you can find much higher quality almost anywhere else.
4	bought a great couch sectional from the Town Center and 215 location.  Great deal!!
4	I couldn't wait any longer. I needed a legit bed. For the past several years, I've had an ikea bed frame, with a single mattress. It's been great, but it was definitely time to go out and get an adult bed.I popped over to RC Willey, because not only is this group of stores awesome, but it's a strong investment by Warren Buffett.  RC Willey started in my hometown on Salt Lake City, and growing up, my parents furnished my childhood home with all kinds of stuff from there.I had a great salesman there, and I was able to pick out my new TemperPedic bed. I couldn't be more happy. Everything was just like clockwork. I paid for the bed, and as promised, my bed arrived within a short amount of time.The only downside, is sometimes, you'll get the sales people who will creep on you because clearly they are on commission.Aside from that, this store has a FANTASTIC selection of beds, couches, TV's, and such.Definitely make this part of your shopping trip for large ticket items.FYI, They charge about 70 bucks for delivery, however, anything you buy for the rest of the year won't have delivery charges.
4	Purchased a new couch , love seat , fridge , washer and dryer for the new house.  The sales men were extremly helpful and informative.  We spent quite a long time picking out the right couch and the sales person walked around with us for AT LEAST an hour.   They have great pricing if you catch their sales on the right days.  We pre purchased the fridge , washer and dryer on presidents day and saved nearly 800 dollars. We also got the couch and love seat on sale when packing it.  I would definitly recommend RC Willey for certain things , but not all. The delivery is 59 dollars for the year. So if we purchase anything else in the next 12 months , it is free delivery.  And the delivery people were extremly nice and helpful.
5	RC Willeys is a great store, So far i have purchased all of my furniture from there including appliances. My most recent purchase was an Oatmeal color upholstered chair, which is so confortable! I recommend you check their sales out!
4	Great furniture the service was great too and the prices reasonable I will definitely come back here to shop for more furniture.
4	I recently bought a BUNCH of new furniture for the house and each time we went, we asked for the same sales man.  He has been at this location since it first opened and knows his stuff. He's VERY knowledgeable and patient and really helped us around and picking stuff out.   Their selection on tables, furniture, couches etc are great.  Their prices are VERY reasonable and most of what we bought was in the $500 range.  Their delievery came in a reasonable amount of time and with each delivery there were no problems.  It was the right product, nothing damaged, the delievery men were very nice and quick about everything too.My only small comment is they should give the customer a few more options when it comes to fabric or color choices on their couches and chairs.  I love my couch I picked but hate the color.  I almost went somewhere else but their prices are good and the couch is soo compfy. I can live with the color choice.  I would definitely go back to RC Willey as my first choice in looking for any type of furniture.
4	LOVE my new furniture!  Dealt with Tony Nguyen.  Very nice and helpful.  Only issue was that my hutch had to be replaced due to a crack.  Took 2 weeks for the replacement.  Great prices.
5	We moved to Las Vegas a year ago and we love this store. We were referred by friends when we were looking for new flooring. We have purchased flooring, tile, furniture and now we are remodeling our kitchen. Everyone is so nice and professional and helpful. And the rebates are the best. We buy at RC Wiley because of the great service and the quality of the merchandise, but also because of the rebates and future credits. We used our future credits to buy new TV's and we are looking forward to getting more appliances soon. Thank you RC Willey.
2	Do not order custom furniture! I was quoted to recieve my custom two piece couch within 6-8 weeks.. 12 weeks later, it finally made it to the store from the manufacturer.. Not to my house, to the store.. After the weekend, it finally arrived.The only reason I ordered the custom two piece couch because of the timeframe in the quote. I shouldve ordered one of their regular couches that were in stock instead of being without a couch for over 3 months! I kept getting the excuse that they have no control over the manufacturer and they were taking forever to build it (2 pieces mind you...) and that the delivery would be delayed a couple weeks. Obviously I heard this excuse a couple of extra times.. Again, if you dont want to a terrible experience with a custom order, buy something in stock.
4	I came in here to buy furniture once, and it was a terrible experience. I don't know if it was just the employee or the prices that I didn't agree with. Anyway, we were looking for a washer, dryer, and fridge for our new home and we decide to come here just because, even though we had a bad experience previously.We were helped by Zach. He was so awesome. He was knowledgeable about the appliances and was able to give us some insight on the best products. He helped us without bothering us more than necessary. They had some great Black Friday deals that extended to the following week, so we were able to take advantage.Somes pros include:- Holding appliances until you need them delivered- Price match policy- Good appliance selection- They set up the appliances when deliveredI would definitely recommend this store now!
1	Arrogaant and no customer service.  Delivery is a mess, we had a large appliance delivered today and they did not deliver it until 6:00 PM even though they were within a few blocks from our house about 4 hour earlier, we saw them.  Could not get them to stop by. I would not recommend you purchase from them.
4	Furniture shopping all day and finally decided to hit the westside for RC Willey.  RC Willey is good old faithful for me when it comes to furniture shopping.  Price, value, and customer service is what they key on.  My previous RC Willey visits were in Henderson.  This was a first for me. As soon as I park, the first thing I noticed was the huge sidewalk sale and Girl Scout Cookies.  I haven't even walked and already thinking 5 stars just for the Tagalongs and Do Si Do cookies. I was greeted by at least 4 employees and was offered assistance even before I got halfway down this place. So far, I have to give them 5 stars for customer service alone.  I didn't find what I was looking for in the main showroom, but found exactly what I'm looking for in their clearance area.  Assistance came to me, he wrote me up, set up delivery, and I was off to the cashier.  Quick and painless furniture shopping as always at RC Willey.  RC Willey has decent quality furniture.  Obviously, the higher grade merch is also higher cost.  They also sell more than just furniture like electronics, exercise equipment, game room furniture, and grandfather clocks.  I spent a bit amount of time debating whether to get a grandfather clock.  Not too often that you see these in homes anymore.  As a kid, everyone had them.  Just brings memories and the prices for the grandfather clocks at RC are well in my budget. Only problem, where would I put it?My only gripe is their delivery schedule. I made a purchase and it will not be available for delivery until 4 days later.  This happens to work out fine since I will be out of town anyway.  However, if I wasn't out of town, this would be an issue with me especially since they're local.
3	0% financing is always good. But you can't go in this place without someone following you around so they can get a sale. Good selection of everything tho. Will always go back but might want to dress in camouflage to blend in and look in peace.
1	You know, I was warned by many, but did not listen!  Ugh!  The people that work in this store are so rude.  I went there with a big budget to buy a new mattress and no one would give me the time of day.  I don't know if I looked stupid, crazy, or like a vagabond without any money, but I couldn't get anyone to help me at all.  After about 15 minutes I was able to find someone that didn't run away when I approached them.  I asked him to help me with what I was looking for.  He really wasn't any help and would just point and say try that one.  Everything he pointed me to wasn't what I had told him I wanted in a bed.  It was so frustrating!After about 20 minutes of useless help I left and went to Relax the Back and bought a $4500 bed there because they WOULD help me and didn't treat me like I was dumb and not worth their time.  Boo R.C. Willey!
5	Had some hit or miss experiences here at RC Willey. Some of the sales staff is creepy with the stalking that they do. But they're friendly for the most part. I understand that they're on a commission, but theres other ways around it. We were fortunate enough to have William Wetzel as our sales person in Electronics. Tell you what, this dude is first class, top notch no nonsense no pressure sales guy. I highly recommend you ask for him! He at no time pressured my wife and I at any time, and when we were ready, he was ready for us. He made the whole buying experience a pleasant one! Definitely ask for him when shopping here! Plus the cashiers are super friendly, as usual!
5	Bought many items from them and every time I was treated with the highest respect. I had one issue with my dining room chairs and they fixed it right away without a problem. Will be buying from them again soon. Items are high quality and they stand behind what they sell.
1	Simply put. RC Willey doesn't care about you as a customer, only your wallet.From the get-go I informed them of concerns about their horrible delivery reputation, and was assured it wouldn't be a problem.Then.An hour before they closed, and the night before my scheduled delivery I got a call that one part of my order was broke and it would need to be reordered, and I would need to call customer service to schedule a new delivery date.So I call the next morning (delivery day) and the lady could care less that I was having a bad experience.  She sighed and made it sound like it was better that I just cancel that part of the order "because it was coming from Salt Lake City and wouldn't arrive until Wednesday".  Her attitude was so piss poor that I canceled the entire order. She didn't ask how she could rectify the situation. She didn't care, and told me to call the cashier to get my money back.So I called the cashier to get my money back, and the same terrible customer service.  She didn't ask how they could make it better to keep my business, she didn't even appologize for the bad experience. They didn't care.So they lost out on a $2,300 order, and since I am new to the area with no furniture, probably another $4,00 to $6,000 this year alone.It may seem easy to walk into their big store, with so many options, but remember they will gladly take your money, and once that is done , they will gladly forget that you are the customer. Even before you get it delivered.Demand better customer service!!!!
4	First, ask for Ken if you are looking for furniture. Ken is the man. Don't worry about being pressured or nagged or followed around the store with him. I have bought my entire house of furnishings from this place and when I found Ken, I refuse to work with anyone else. I hate the guys who float around and seem to be vultures looking to make a buck rather than give actual customer service. With Ken you get such great help and he seems so honest. I love all of my furniture I have purchased (king bed, tv, entertainment system, couch, loveseat, etc...). I also love that the $59 delivery fee covers deliveries for the entire year, so stock up! What I hate is that they will call you late at night like around 9pm to confirm your delivery. Seems rather rude to call that late and I think their customer service dept needs to respect households who sleep early or have kids. At least the delivery guys are always in an out rather quickly and are always nice. If you are looking for appliances, an older gentleman named Anthony/Tony helped us out as a suggestion from Ken since he doens't work that side of the store. Tony was super helpful as well. We ordered our washer, dryer, and refirgerator from him. He made it very easy for us first time home buyers who knew nothing except price tags and what looked neat. We ended up with some pretty decent deals and great looking appliances from trusted brands. Tony was so nice and explained the warrantied thoroughly. Like with Ken, we never felt pressured to purchase something over the top so he could make a better commission check. He told us what we should stay away from since it breaks down a lot or was over priced and not worth it. The gripe I have and reason I can't give them 5 stars is that it took 3x to deliver me the right couch that wasn't broken. The first time it was the wrong color even though the correct color was ordered and on the ticket, the second one had a broken recliner, and the 3rd time they finally got it right. You would think quality control would check this stuff before it is put on the truck. I would highly suggest anyone looking for furniture or appliances to check out my guys. My husband and I received way better service here even when we were just getting rough estimates on what it would cost to cover new items for the new house, than we did when we acutally wanted to purchase something from Ashley Furniture. Again, ask for those 2 guys and you wont feel disappointed!
4	The more furniture we order the more I like this place.  There are always plenty of people to assist and the furniture has always been great quality.  This is becoming the only place my wife and I think about when furniture shopping.  I also saw a 65 inch Samsung tv at $300 over distribution price.  That is a steal.  We have had multiple items delivered and have not had a single complaint.
1	Run..don't walk away from this company.  I went in to buy a new mattress and bed.  After explaining that I was not in the market for a 6K bed I settled on a mattress and power base with a headboard.  I asked if the store would pick up my old bed and they said yes.  Well I decided to check on the night before delivery and I was told no, they will not take my old bed away.  So...I called the sales man that had written my order and he said yes they would.When they arrived this morning they began whining about having to carry the new bed up the stairs before even setting foot in my home.  I informed them that many many people have bedrooms on the second floor.  Then they said they wold not take my old mattress and bed away.  I told them that's fine, close your truck and leave I don't want anything from your store I am canceling my order.  The sales man called me and began to argue his point.  I firmly let them know that I was done with RC Willey.  My advice is don't be fooled.  They may have nice furniture, but they have NO customer service!
4	I just purchased a mattress and was fairly pleased with the whole process.  They offer weird deals, like a free no-name large screen tv with the purchase, but when I wasn't interested in that, they offered $150 off instead.I then explained I was just looking, since I knew there was a big Independence Day sale coming up and was told they have a price guarantee for a certain period beyond the sale.  Yay!  I don't  have to wait.So, trying to pick a mattress isn't fun, but they do have a decent selection.  My delivery arrived on time and the deliverymen were friendly.
2	RC Willey is a Berkshire Hathaway company and if you're familiar with Berkshire's other furniture companies such as Nebraska Furniture Mart, you pretty much know what you're going to find when you walk in the door. They have a nice looking selection of furniture and electronics, and at semi-reasonable prices. Electronics and appliance wise I've looked at their inventory, but I've ended up buying elsewhere as I was able to beat them on price and features for both a TV and a washer / dryer. Furniture wise I've had mixed experiences with the quality of their products. A full living room set with a sofa, chair, and love seat has had some quality issues with fabric attachment, framing, and foam issues. A new bed frame, a rather pricey one at that, had quality issues with scratches and cheap mattress supports with knots that fell out leaving the support not able to hold any weight. In short the quality on some of their products can be sketchy. But...having shopped the competition, RC Willey still kicks the competition's rear end. In short if you want furniture in Vegas RC Willey is one of those places you'll end up going to look. The best advice one can give is to look closely at what you're buying, do some comparison shopping...and when it comes to appliances and electronics those are best purchased elsewhere unless they are running one heck of a sale. (Psst, if you're familiar with Denver, American Furniture Warehouse has better prices and ships anywhere and can beat RC Willey on some stuff even with shipping being factored in.)What looks pretty isn't necessarily stuff that will hold up over the long haul. 2 Stars...it's all I can give them as yes, I have experienced better.
1	This place has horrible customer service!!!I went to this location today to buy all new appliances for my kitchen. I was approached by a salesman and I told him I was just looking around for now so he gave me a business card and left me to shop. Later on I had a quick question about a refrigerator but that salesman was busy.I went to another salesman sitting in the area to ask my question but he told me"We r paid on 100% commission and you are "his" customer so I'm not getting paid to help you! You will have to wait until he is done helping those other customers and ask him!" Can you believe that! Needless to say I took my business elsewhere.
5	I have been an R.C. Willey customer for years, always at the Summerlin store. On occasion I have had issues with their customer service department, but never anything major. For electronics and appliances I highly recommend Jonathan Sutherland. No pressure, knowledgable and treats you right. I tell him what I need and he always nails it.  For furniture I have had a couple of good experiences with Kaleen(spelling?) Friendly and knowledgable as well. I have always been pleased with deliveries. I was surprised to read so many negatives about that. Anyways......great business in my opinion and I will always return!
4	Went to this RC Willey recently to purchase a new living room set.  We got a great deal on the furniture, along with a great 7-year fabric protection warranty that guarantees against stains.  The best part of the entire experience, however, was our sales rep. Steve.  I typically HATE shopping in furniture stores because the sales people are so pushy and annoying, but the staff here are great.  They are actually very helpful, considerate, and hands-off.  Steve was kind enough to spend a couple hours with us answering questions, showing us items in the store, and focusing every ounce of his attention solely on serving us.  It was such a great, easy experience.  The reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is because the guy at the sales center messed up on some of the details of the delivery, which caused a bit of a headache.  RC Willey went above and beyond to remedy the situation and serve us.
4	Although we didn't purchase our furniture from RC Willey, we were quite impressed with the bedroom and dining set we found here.  After applying some of the coupon book savings, we would've saved over $1000.  However, they don't deliver over 70 miles and that became a huge problem for us.  Since we live in LA, we needed to figure out a way to get this furniture delivered and installed.  If the cost of delivery from the third party wasn't couple thousand dollars, we would've bought our furniture from this place.  The service was outstanding and the choices of furniture was abundant.  Prices seem fair for the quality of furniture you get.
1	we ordered a fridge on a friday.  Saleslady (Priscilla) said it was in Salt Lake City & we would get it on the Thursday the following week, we would get a call for delivery (mind you, we had no fridge/freezer for this weeks time).  Thursday came & went so we called RC Willey only to be told Priscilla was on vacation for a week.  Customer service girl (Elsa) was rude & had no care that our fridge wasnt in & made no efforts to find out how long it will take.  We asked to talk to manager (Tom) who was basically acting the same...didn't know when our fridge would be in, it was back ordered (which no one thought to even tell us until we called) and answering our questions with "I don't know" or "ok...?" as if he was annoyed by our questions as to when we would get a refrigerator. when we decided to cancel our order, Tom just said "ok, it's cancelled", no apologies, no trying to find a solution.  The service here disgusts me and I know we will never order from here again.
4	Yesterday when laundry was being done, the washing machine was giving me fits.  It didn't want to do anything but agitate the clothes--no draining, no rinsing, no spinning.  After checking online for some possible fixes, I found a way around the problem that worked for the first load.  It didn't work for the second load.  Since the washer was recently repaired, I decided to replace it rather than keep pouring money down a bottomless pit.After a full morning including a reasonable wait at the DMV, I stopped and finally got my Starbucks. (sigh of relief!) As I entered RC Willey's, a woman asked me if she could help me.  I'm sure I had that male, deer in the headlights at a furniture/appliance store look.  I asked her if the coffee was OK and she answered, "Certainly!"  OK, three stars right there!She directed me to the appliance area and within a few minutes, I bought a new washer and dryer, very similar to what we now have but 12 years newer and with a 5 year warranty.  They will be delivered Saturday.The salesman, Jamie, was a pleasant enough fellow and I was on my way in no time at all.  This was a better than expected experience!Mr. Buffet, you owe me another coffee just for putting some money Berkshire Hathaway's direction.  I won't hold my breath waiting for it!
4	Great deal on furniture in general.  Reasonable prices when it's on sale, but really the big deal sealer is the customer service (your mileage may vary here).Most of the sales people here are always helpful and can provide your all needs there.  I wasn't expecting my couch to have screwed up legs, and the delivery people caught it twice, then called the Utah store and had one shipped over because of it.  When the customer service people offered me a gift card for my trouble, and I didn't get it?  Figured that I'd just tweet about it.And.... whoa, in a matter of a few more conversations via tweets, the GM of the LV store had my gift card approved, and out the door.  I was just making a mention, and it was there.  Totally awesome.The only thing that I'd like to clear up though is that if you buy a mattress, they will not take away your old one if there are stains on it (I don't know how you can not get any on, if you move around like I do, and dirt and such gets on it).  In any case, they quote that OSHA doesn't allow them to do it.   However, there is no such OSHA regulation that prevents this.  A lot of mattress stores will quote this urban legend apparently instead of company policy.In any case, great store, but just caveat emptor on the mattress buying if you're looking for a removal.
1	I spent $3,000 on a 7 piece desk and it was delivered broken. 2 of the pieces had pieces broken off, and the desk portion did not even have the holes drilled in the correct place, so it could not even be assembled. Very frustrated, I now have to wait ANOTHER week to have it re-delivered. I called customer service and I didn't even receive an apology until I had to ask for one. Completely unacceptable. When I spend that kind of money I expect to receive quality service and quality products. I received none of that.
2	People are helpfully but poised off that the financing lady just her deck and left me there for more there 20 minutes.
1	Our salesman was helpful, and we were very happy with our couch purchase, even though it seemed a bit over priced, we justified it because they claim to have such a good warranty.  About a year later a zipper broke and the same cushion was soiled by our puppy. I called the rcwilley right away because we purchased a 3 year warranty on the fabric, I mentioned the broken zipper and they said its not covered in the warranty, after about a week someone came and steam cleaned the cushion. A few days after that I noticed I could still smell pee, I called again and was told "sorry, that is unfortunate". I believe the warranty is bogus, and just a scam to sell.  Please beware, there are better deals elsewhere.
5	Purchased a Tempur pedic bed, dining room set, and bar stools our first time at this store.  Roger, our sales associate was extremely helpful in helping us arrive at just the right product for us in each case. The prices were competitive and the product quality excellent.  Delivery was done exactly when promised within a narrow time window.
1	Unacceptable way to do business. We ordered full bedroom set, along with fridge, washer and dryer back in September. On the delivery date, we received a wrong dryer... Not only that, but all of the bedroom set pieces arrived with broken parts.We called customer care for re-delivery. They had to re-deliver twice because they just couldn't get it right. On top of that, we're still waiting to receive our last replacement part on our headboard.They asked us to reschedule, because the 'technician' became unavailable on the originally scheduled day or something. They assured that someone would come the second time it was rescheduled. But guess what? No one showed up. Not even a call!!!We've been waiting for nearly 2 months!Never will we purchase from RC Willey ever again.
1	Totally unacceptable customer service.  Not a good way to run a business.  I wish I had read some of these reviews ahead of time.  We came from N UT and had always found the R C Willeys fine there including customer service.  Here in Las Vegas we will be taking our business elsewhere.  We bought a TV console in the clearance area for a good price then I waited in line to pay for it including an extra $59 dollars for delivery.  The cashier (I think her name was Cindy) told me how much available credit we had on our R C Willey account so I told her please put this purchase on our account.  She said, "I don't know how to do that".  Huh?  You're a cashier and you don't know how to charge something to your own company's account?Anyway, she said that she needed to speak to a manager to see how it was done.  She leaves for a few minutes, comes back and says it's all taken care of and your delivery will be on the next Friday (this was on Sat).  My husband and I rearrange our furniture and give away our old TV console and wait on Friday for a delivery.  No delivery.  So I call.  Oops, your sale was never charged to your account so the sale was voided because it shows as never being paid for.  And of course the TV console we wanted was then sold on that Monday so too bad, so sad.I call the salesman, Dick "Dixon", no help, just cops an attitude.  I call customer service and am on hold for 20 minutes.  I ask to speak with a manager to see if we can get a similar console at a similar price.  I'm put on hold again for about 10 minutes.  Then they transfer me to Nadia, a sales person in the clearance area who was extremely rude, said she was not a manager and couldn't do anything for me and hung up on me.  I tried calling customer service back but of course was on hold again listening to bad Christmas music.  At that point, I gave it up as not worth my time and aggravation.Bottomline, we won't ever be shopping there again.  We had way better customer service at Walkers.
4	After writing my negative review a couple of days ago someone from R C Willey contacted me to help resolve my issue.  The general manager of the Summerlin store found the TV console we had ordered was available in their Reno store.  It is now in transit on it's way from Reno to Las Vegas.  They honored the clearance price we had been given with the original purchase.  We don't have it yet, but are hopeful we will get it in a few days.  Thank you R C Willey for making this right.
5	Ordered bedroom furniture for Christmas and it not only arrived early but was beautiful.  Love the selection and the prices.
4	I wandered in about 10 days ago..didnt have time to shop but they appear to have a very large collection of products. Only thing that makes me hesitate is all the previous reviews about their customer service. Perhaps I will try a smaller purchase to test them out before the large ones. But,there is no shortage of choices here for all types of looks...will follow up if and when i decide to pull the trigger.
3	Its been 1 month since I've been in to pick and choose my mattress and bed frame.  I received my mattress that same day (5/14) but the frame was on back order and I was told they should receive it mid May so the following week, that was totally fine since I really just needed the bed. But it way longer then expected so I canceled the frame. They didn't seem to know when it was coming in. So I got a frame else where.
1	Sales people nice, delivery people nice, but if there's s problem no one takes responsibility. They make you wait around for hours and when a mistake happens (they bring out wrong product) they won't give you any type of priority delivery time.  Honestly I stopped shopping there 9 years ago because of terrible customer service, recently bought a new home and after spending thousands of $ realize they still have stinky customer service. Not one I'm sorry let me fix it, and very happy to accept my cancelled order.
5	i was dreading going  shopping for a mattress. I was lucky enough to be assisted by Michael McDuffie.  He was awesome! Knowledgeable and not pushy at all. I can't wait for my new mattress to be delivered!
3	Terrible customer service, I went to ask them why my bill has not arrived yet and they told me you're behind on your payment,  when I asked how can I pay without getting a bill, I was told you should know when you need to pay, even on your very first bill. The lady at the desk was no help at all and was blaming me for not getting my bill. I will never go back to any of there store or ever recommend anyone I know to go to any of there stores. If I could give them less than one star I would....After posting the review above I got a call from the GM of the store apologising for what had happened and tried to fix it, because of that I gave the store 3 stars instead of the 1 star I had put up 2 days before.
4	Have to say after my post they tried their hardest to fix the errors, I appreciate their efforts (we still had some hiccups) in trying to make things right
4	We've always received great service and products at competitive prices.Have bought bedroom set, mattress, rug etc.
3	I ask to see "deep couches, ornate wood, dark fabrics" I'm shown blue couches and I literally just walked away from the sales associate. Huge selection of lame styles.
1	Purchased a mattress, headboard, and frame from these guys recently. I have to say I've done alot of business with this company and this is the first time I've been disappointed.   While in bed all of the sudden the center support snapped as well as the the supports that hold the slates on my side. I have never had this happen to any bed that I've ever purchased. I called them and informed them of the problem, someone is scheduled to come to the house this week to take a look a the bed.  The quality of the bed is sturdy and strong except for the support underneath the mattress. Not sure what their going to do about it but I know one thing is for sure, they are going to have to replace it. Not sure if I even want the same frame bc I can absolutely forsee this being an issue in the future. Not a very happy customer! By the way, im 6 foot tall and weigh 200 pounds, by no means should this ever happen!
3	3.5 stars. I've bought many things from RC Willey's and everytime I walk in I feel like I'm buying a new car. Sales associates quickly spot you and ask if you need help and it can be a bit annoying. However, it is a big place and they have almost everything that you could possibly want for your home. My latest purchase was a bed and a bed frame. Who knew that buying a bed would be such an experience? My husband always wanted a tempurpedic bed and so off we went to the mattress section. After trying a couple of the tempurpedic beds a couple of times and on different days we decided on one.  They had this awesome sale and it seemed worth it. We got the bed and hated it. They have a 100 day policy where you can exchange or return after 30 days.  Well that sucked because our new bed made it feel like our bodies got beat up! They really would not work with us until at least the 30 day mark. On the 30 day mark we went back and bought a mattress that was not Tempurpedic. I was a little mad because a week after we had bought the Tempurpedic they rolled out new models of almost everything (no wonder why it was on sale). The new mattress was a lot more expensive than our original one and there was still a $59.99 restocking fee. I understand if you buy a bed that is cheaper but ours was 50% more expensive than the original. Overall, this mattress experience was not fun. Apparently your body is supposed to feel beat up with a new mattress but my body didn't hurt after the new mattress... Our sales guy was ok. He seemed knowledgeable but at the same time I just felt he could have told us that our sheets would be wrinkly and loose with the old mattress, etc. The neat thing about RC Willey I guess is that they charge a one time delivery fee for the whole year so if you buy anything else there is no delivery fee. I would definitely recommend buying other things other than a mattress here though.
2	Nice looking furniture but that's about it. Salesmen came off as desperate and didn't provide much knowledge of the furniture. Ordered some nice tables unfortunately on back order. Waited two months for furniture that would never arrive. Never received calls from the store regarding updates, seemed as if it was an inconvenience to them when I called. Bad experience, store is inconveniently located, probably won't be back.
5	We started looking for new furniture for a home we were having built. Our first visit we were welcomed by Steve. He was very professional, friendly and not overbearing like someone sales persons can be. Steve was very helpful in sizing of the furniture we needed ( had all the measurements). After a couple days we went back and placed our order. Steve had the delivery date and delivery set up, although because of the house not closing escrow, he had to change it MANY times and was very nice about it.We had to place another order on other items and Steve let me know he was having a minor surgery and he would be out the day we get our new furniture and let us know we could call someone if we were not satisfied. Low and behold he called the day ofdelivery to make sure we were happy.Thank you Steve for all your help keep up the good work.
1	Two weekends waiting for furniture.Strongly recommend NOT paying the $59 for delivery.  They deliver the wrong items. I'm on my second Saturday waiting for them to show. Yawn. The three hour delivery window was explained to me that a 1 hour extension either side could happen. Running the math again I keep coming up with 5 hours. Perhaps RC Willey is modeling its customer service on businesses such as cox cable or the DMV.Honestly for the hassle of dealing with a simple purchase with no apologies or offer of a reimbursement for delivery costs I advise stay away. I thought I was shopping at a real furniture store. My mistake. Update. Furniture did not arrive.  Called the customer service line and cancelled the order. UGH what a nightmare experience.
4	We have bought quite a bit from this location over the years. Furniture, appliances , electronics etc. we have always received outstanding service and the prices are awesome too. Very happy and loyal customer.
1	Do not trust these people! They sold me an extended warranty on my TV and now claim that it was valid from the date of purchase. Why would I double cover a manufacturer's warranty? Shame on you for lying and stealing my money! After thousands in purchases from family and friends, we will no longer do business here!
1	shame on your deceptive business practices . You sold an extended warranty and then stated it was up. I purchased a 3 year extended that should extend from manufactures which is 1 year. My tv is just over 3 years old . I should have 6 months left. I am going to make sure that everyone knows about your terrible faulty business practices . I wish I could give you no star !!
1	The rating is for delivery service, not the product. Haven't received yet so can't rate. Be warned Rc Willey delivers on their schedule. Not the customers. They give you 10 hour window for the day you choose so you better have whole day with nothing to do so Rc Willey can graciously deliver the item you paid for thousands of dollars + delivery fee. The day before the delivery, u need to make sure you go online (yes online) No one is goimg to bother to call you with 3 hour window time frame. Apparenty it must be up to delivery guys where they feel like goimg that day first. So you better don't make any plans on delivery day. Extremely unwilling to make it convenient for customer to have the item deliver.
3	Updating my previous review. I received a message and a call from Rc Willey trying to help with situation so changed my rating to 3 stars. They gave me a call this morning to give me time frame for delivery.
1	Worst experience ever. They damaged the table I purchased with the first delivery. After waiting a second week, they delivered the wrong table entirely. I sent it back upon arrival,  then went to the store the next day. I was told it would take 24-48 hours to be credited.  It's four days later, and STILL no refund.  Very inexperienced Cashiers, and sales staff.
1	SHOULD BE 0. Its just sad how a company, and maybe, just a certain store can have so many faults. I havent yelped in years, but this calls for every review on every site possible!!!! No heads up for delivery, no email, nothing. Must do your own due diligence and be proactive to even have a shot about delivery times and where trucks might be. Have to call in to talk to customer service just to get a block, and then no call back or message in regards to the matter. COMPLETE AND UTTER DISREGARD FOR THE CUSTOMER AND CUSTOMER NEEDS. Have to call to speak to a manager, get told, that a sales associate is the manager, only to find out that associate has no power or klout in the team and youre talking to the wrong guy the whole time!! WOW THANKS FOR WASTING MORE TIME!!!Honestly, good products inside but THROWN DOWN THE TRASH with customer service and lack of business ethics and execution. WILL NEVER RECOMMEND TO ANYONE. SORRY, ken, I was told by two sources, you were the manager, still waiting on his call BTW so i can stuff his ears with some (F)unny (U)seful (C)ool criticism
1	These people will give credit to anyone, EVEN YOUR EX!  They never do their due-diligence to ask if this is your EX's account or not.  When your double-crossing EX stops paying his bill, they come after you like vultures.  It's been a nightmare to straighten them out.  Won't listen, they just want their money.  Will need the courts to get involved in this fiasco.
1	I wish i could give no stars....This place is terrible, customer service is virtually non existent.... side note -- should we talk about the fact that their Point of Sale program is a DOS system... like the black and green screen from the 80's.....the first time we went in. we got help from a sales associate that we loved. he was great, very helpful. wrote everything that we were getting out on a card so we would know exactly what we were paying for what.we'll he was a dirty liar.... when we we're paying at the counter the associate printed out exactly what he put down on our card everything looked right until i looked at our charge account online... and there was a discrepancy. and not just a little one.... a $600 discrepancy!!!! when we called the location to figure out what it was, none of their associates had any idea what we were talking about. i gave them reference numbers and account numbers, etc. no one had a clue, we called the corporate office, who told us that they couldn't discuss anything about our account because they weren't responsible for what happens at the individual stores.... how is a corporate office not accountable for what happens at their stores?when our furniture was delivered, only half of the order came.... which was weird but not the end of the world... it wasn't till our mattress was delivered that we found out what the discrepancy was.... it was the $600 worth of BOX SPRINGS that we were told was included in the total price of the mattress... but they were not included. they were $300 a piece and without them your warranty  is voided. so they force you to spend the additional money because, and get this, once they deliver the bed, they cant put it back on the truck.... you have to accept the charge and contact the corporate office which isn't responsible for the activities at their stores.every time we try to get a hold of a customer service agent, no luck, no one ever calls you back, no one is ever available. its just worthless, none of their sales associates have any idea whats going on, no one can tell you anything. just drive to california and go to IKEA, the prices are way better and you get exactly what you expect and the IKEA family and associates know what they are doing.Hopefully when IKEA opens in vegas next year, it will drive all the RC willey's out of business.
1	Will never buy from here again. Purchased an expensive desk and chair. They delivered to me damaged. Both items. So then they tell me they can't take the desk cause they don't have room on their truck. A week later they deliver another desk. Yup damaged. Bunch of expensive crap. Will be looking elsewhere for an entire house of new furniture. If anyone has recommendations let me know.
4	After reading some reviews of this place I can see ho many people may have had bad experiences. However, our experience was fantastic. We only dealt with the Clearance staff though, so that may be the reason. We actually went to the store to look for a new bed for my son. As we were walking into the Clearance section. I noticed a Serta iComfort Cal. King mattress on a movable base. I looked at the price tag and to my shock it said $2799 for this whole set that cost nearly $8000 retail. I figured it was a mistake and spoke with a very nice sales person (I think her name was Katherine Brown, sorry if I wrote the wrong name). She said that the price was right, so my wife and I did the normal lay on the mattress, this is really cool and bought it. We were told the soonest date for delivery was the following Saturday. So the set it all up and walked out the door paying $3300 for an $8000+ bed. The delivery people called the next Saturday as promised and the bed was delivered and all went well. After sleeping a couple nights on the new bed and enjoying it very much. I have to say that this RC Willey did a great job for us. But, again we only dealt with the Clearance team which apparently operates somewhat separately than the normal team there. The delivery team is actually from this store and not the standard delivery people according to the customer service person I spoke with.
5	This is by far the best place to purchase anything for your home.  They have excellent customer service and not pushy sales people.
5	RC Willey, has the best quality of  Mattress. Last month, I bought a California King  Temper peduc mattress. Since then, I sleep very well through the night without no back or neck pain. I am really enjoying my mattress. All, I recommend RC Willey.
2	Where do I start...there is no doubt they have beautiful furniture. I love their layout and their selection of furniture. Now to the negative part...their sales associates need a little lesson on customer service. We have been there twice and each of those times, their sales associates were meh. It seems like they just care about their commission and not being very polite. The first time we went, we had someone follow us around trying to help us. We were just looking around for some ideas. Some we were ready, he wasn't very friendly. Second time, we needed an end table. We ordered and the guy who was helping us wasn't helpful AT ALL. We had to ask him when they were going to deliver, if we had to pick up, if they had them in stock, how much, everything. I don't think it's that hard to be friendly. They need a customer service lesson. Won't be going back. Terrible terrible.
5	Ive been a long time customer of Rc Wiley.  I recently found myself needed a few things an Rc Wiley has come thru with flying colors.  When you visit the store PLEASE do yourself a favor and ask for ISSA. He is a great salesperson an so very knowledgeable.  He will go above and beyond the scope of his job.Ex...I had a install scheduled an the delivery time couldn't be guaranteed.  So Issa put the item in his personal truck and made the delivery himself.  Wow.This is a great store an he is the best sales person.
1	They delivered damaged furniture twice... We had to take the days off twice and had guests coming over and had no furniture... They brought brown leather couches that were scraped and peeling. They even put the legs on one of the couches backwards. I was told by the delivery manager Mark that they could not do anything or transfer me to their general manager. Their GM Bob Anderson called to follow up and did nothing to resolve it. I did get credited for the items. However, they did not credit me the delivery charge which is completely wrong!! I am waiting for a follow up and I expect the delivery charge to be refunded. I will update this post after they follow up with me. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND BUY ELSEWHERE OR ONLINE!!! THIS COMPANY DOES NOT DESERVE YOUR BUSINESS AND CANNOT DELIVER ITEMS IN THE SAME QUALITY THAT THEY ARE DISPLAYED IN THE STORE!!!!!
1	Came to rc Willey to buy a mattress. I had one sales rep ask me if they could help me. I said yes I was looking for a low cost mattress, I just needed something for the holidays. He pointed me in the direction and left. I guess my purchase was so low he didn't want to stick around to help me purchase the mattress. I stood there by myself for 15 min waiting for someone to help me. I just left. Bad customer service.
1	I bought a table set from here. Had to wait 5 days for delivery and once it got here. One chair fell apart. Delivery people left and noticed another bench had uneven legs! I called and they scheduled me for another wait of 5 days! Meanwhile they were expecting me to be with a incomplete table set. I spoke to one of the managers and asked for a delivery refund and a discount on the table set. The agreed on the delivery charge being removed but did not want to give me a discount on what I paid forThe table. Unacceptable!!! How can they deliver a table and leave a unbalance bench and leave it here! Is this the swapmeat? I spoke to the store manager and still nothing. They chose to lose a customer! Do not go there if your expecting good customer service after you buy the product or good furniture!
5	We bought a couple of couches there a year ago and really could not find the nice design anywhere else. They shipped quick and gave us 0 percent interest for 18 months. Awesome! Pretty decent selection there, and it isn't just your typical all brown leather Americana everything.We ran into a snag where we missed a payment and the interest came back, but after talking to a rep they removed the interest again, even though they really didn't have to. That's great!Give em a go!
1	Bad, terrible, ridiculously disappointed. Dont even bother. Run as fast as you can. Black Friday bought a couch & a dining set. It's been about four weeks, our sales associate told us he scheduled for our delivery Christmas eve. Sat around our house waiting for our delivery all day on Christmas eve, no one showed up. Wasted a whole day based upon false information, we called the store & apparently our delivery was never even set up by our sales associate for that day or even at all. The manager kept apologizing after we told her the situation, but sorry isn't going to fix anything. Not to mention their next delivery availability is for another whole  week out. Now our guests have to be entertained while sitting on cold hard tile in our new home for our wonderful house warming Christmas party. So thank you RC wiley or whatever the eff for ruining everything.... & causing us a huge Christmas headache.
1	I bought a dining room set and was told by the sales associate my order would be in by the end of the month. So I called and was told it won't be in till the end of January. I called again to update my number and the associate was rude and no help at all. First and last purchase.
