5	So happy this place is finally open. The food is amazing. I can't wait to watch a game on the big screen. We have been waiting for Lucky Foos to open and it finally did. The drinks are good and flavorful. Can't wait to come back and eat and drink here again.
5	I was one lucky ones to get to attend opening. They did an excellent job. Refreshing to leave the strip and find Elegance, beautiful ambiance, delicious food and great staff... Class all the way, if you get a chance to go, you will not be disappointed must check it out, it was amazing!
5	I followed the sky lights to Lucky Foo's last Friday.  Turns out it was their opening night and celebration. The food is not only delicious but it is beautiful to look at. ..true food art. They have an AWEsome assortment of sake including some house infused flavors.  We enjoyed everything about this place! The atmosphere is fresh and the staff is warm and welcoming.
5	First time at this brand new establishment. We had a group of ten and were treated very wonderful. It wasn't very busy which surprised us all that some of the rolls took so long to come out, but as soon we notified our waitress she immediately took care of it. The food was amazing and the staff was just as amazing. The music is dancy (it wasn't too loud but if that bothers you it might not make for a good ambiance experience for you) and they have kung foo on tv (awesome). I would definitely hope for this place to thrive.
2	The dumplings were good. The service was sketchy. The featured item in the menu was boxed in the middle of the menu was mushrooms cooked on a 1000f oven. We sent them back. They were not good and not hot. They had a sauce on the outside of them that tasted like cold sweet BBQ sauce. The sushi rolls were tastee but we were given the happy hour menu after happy hour. They didn't have the shrimp and bacon skewer. They didn't have the Anchor Brown beer I ordered. We ordered desert and the guy brought out the snowball and left the serving tray. With all this, as we were leaving and stopped by the bar and I asked what was in the big clear Vats with cantaloupe floating in them. The bar tender's responded "Cocaine" I was like what??? The other bartender quickly ran up and explained it was infused saki. Probably won't go back for a while. Will let them shake out the wrinkles.
5	Amazing! Everything I had was delicious. Had the Short Rib Ramen, which was great. Beef & Onion dish, so friggin good.  And one my favorite dishes there was the Pork Belly, indescribable how good it is.  Ended the dish with a Snowball Dessert, which was fantastic.  Everyone is super friendly and the atmosphere is fun & casual.  Definitely one of my new favorite places in town!!
5	Great vibe! Delicious food at good prices. Great for sharing and there is an awesome little chill room filled with pillows in the back. Can't wait to come back!
4	I visted on monday .Like this place a lot I see a lot of potential .Brand new .Cons  I ordered things on the menu the girl came back and I was told sorry we are not offering that item yet . Couldn't order food for a while  just Sushi  which took forever and a day to make it on our table. Pros It is definatley better than when it was extreme sushi. The food was very tasty.Get the Pork belly !The house  drink I had was very good . The ambiance is top notch . Feels like fine dining without $$$$$ prices . Our servers a short brunette and a tall blonde gave great service. The music was good and not too loud . Overall I will be back in due time to try things when the full menu us offered
5	Sushi is INCREDIBLE. Can't suggest a specific item on the menu because they are all just as good. Great vibe and service not to mention a very good and reasonable price.
5	First time checking out this new restaurant.  Great new look with a cool atmosphere.  The music was good at a nice level for having conversations.  Went with a big group and they accommodated our party and seated us very quickly. The food came out fast and in good fashion with sushi being first and hot food coming after. The food was great, the fennel roll was amazing, had to order another. Will definitely be coming back to try the rest of the menu.
5	So thankful that this place renovated and went under new ownership. This new spot has been nothing short of spectacular. The Environment, ambiance, service has been exceptional and can't say one thing negative about it. Food was phenomenal. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**** kimchee friend rice, fennel roll, and lemon roll. Especially the lemon roll. WOW. If you know me you know I know food and this place will get me back here... A lot.
5	What a great concept and awesome place esp for the local industry people in vegas to hang out, eat and drink without being overwhelmed by the strip. Finally a place on my side of town with great food. The Mac and cheese noodles were one of my favorite items we tried. I also recommend the rainbow roll with lemon on top! There is also a great selection of sake and the service was on point. Congrats to the ownership. Highly recommend giving this place a try.
5	Food, decor, service, ambience was perfect! Everything I ordered was good! The resting panda cocktail was light & refreshing. Great quality food & presentation! Definitely coming back for more!
5	This is  a great addition to Henderson. If you're looking for fresh, healthy Asian-inspired food, check it out. They have everything from salads to Sushi and steak. The restaurant is clean and attractive. The menu isn't too expensive and the staff is friendly.
5	Amazing, Sexy, Food Porn, Divine Delicious Eats- Just fucking yum!FoodGasms Galore!Cute, super cute people!Chef Shawn Rocks!
5	Great!! The charred edamame and shishito peppers were great for starters. And the short rib steamed buns were out of this world! We had the Las Vegas Roll and warm root veggie salad which were great as well. They have great portions here and everything is reasonably priced. It's a very welcome addition and change from the horrible Xtreme Sushi.
5	The food is amazing with a great vibe!  Highly recommend the Steamed Buns and the Salmon Supreme Roll.
1	Small portions. Expensive. Limited menu. Not a single thing for kids/teens to eat. $4 for a kids orange juice. Staff wasn't very friendly. $100 tab and we left hungry.NOT FAMILY OR KID FRIENDLY.We won't be back...
5	A beautiful new place for an incredible dining experience in Las Vegas. As a local, it's so nice to be able to find this kind of upscale atmosphere, reasonable pricing and amazing food without having to go to the Strip. My group and I tried many different items from the menu and not one of them disappointed. Quite frankly, they were all fantastic! The versatility of the many rooms creates an environment that can be enjoyed by any size party. The service was exemplary and the music was at the perfect level to enjoy without upstaging the table conversation. It's obvious the owners took great pains and thoughtful care in creating a beautiful restaurant and bar that is built to last. Needless to say, I shall return. Well done, Lucky Foo's.
4	Not much on the menu. But went during happy hour got pork belly, shrimp and bacon, and crispy spring roll. Really enjoyed the pork belly.
3	So we had the cheese mazemen and it was delicious! The smoked Gouda was a hit!! We had three rolls...the fennel roll was ok. The burrito roll was good with its two sauces and the Hawaiian was great. We also had the Thai beef salad. The meat portions were pathetic. 5 small cubes of meat in an over minty salad. Disappointing. The pork belly skewers were very good. Great flavor on the pork. It was the hubby's favorite. Personally I liked the shrimp and bacon wrapped skewer. Warning...its spicy! But I personally like spicy! The Foo dogs were good. Nothing fancy but tasty. The short rib ramen was good. But the LYCHEE PANNA COTTA was fantastic!!!! The bits of fried coconut on top gave that little added crunch. I will go back for sure.
5	Mouth succulency, food porn, GASMIC sensations times a GodZillion fold.Have you ever eaten food that simply makes you feel alive? Food that makes you tingle all over? Food that gives new meaning to why we eat to begin with?Why eat food that has no meaning when you can eat food that gives meaning to why you eat food in the first place? Yes, this place is that place.
5	This is a great local spot in a central neighborhood! My husband and I were so excited that this spot was going to be open next to our gym and all of our shopping needs.  It has an extremely fun and vibrant atmosphere for evening dining and drinks! It also had a multitude of tasty and healthy options for eating which is always a plus for me!  I can't wait to go back and try more items from the menu!Try the moscow mule and the happy hour appetizer menu - you can't go wrong
5	Inviting atmosphere, amazing food, good looking and friendly staff..Lucky Foos exceeded our expectations..I think my Husband and I found our new favorite date night spot..
5	Wow! The food ignited taste buds I never new I had! The ambiance....Superb! Customer service.... Can I give more than 5 STAR??!! Don't wait to go try LUCKY FOO!
5	This place is fantastic. The happy hour menu made mah tummeh very happeh. Salmon Supreme roll was so good. The tacos were great too, and the staff was super friendly. Sit at the sushi bar and let the sushi chef tell you what you want. He does this for a living.
5	This is the type of place that makes you feel like a thousand bucks without actually spending it. The happy hour menu has sushi! I mean what more can you ask for in life? Bartender was awesome! Super trendy spot with good music & such a chill vibe. The original cocktails are a must! You won't regret skipping the beer.
5	Incredible drinks and amazing food at an affordable price. Great service, especially the head mixologist, Landon.  The Water Dragon is a must try, it's extraordinary!  & the Crouching Tiger is perfection!
5	I highly recommend Lucky Foos. This is definitely a new hotspot on my list. The food was fantastic!  It was difficult to make a decision because everything on the menu sounded so good. My family and I sampled several items and everything was amazing. The food was very fresh and the service was outstanding. I loved the decor and atmosphere. This place would be a perfect setting for a party or holiday gathering with a DJ booth onsite. I suggest that you try the Moscow Mule...you won't be disappointed.
5	Excited to finally check out this great local spot. First impression; wonderfully chill vibe, cool decor and our waitress was excellent! The Moscow Mule is a great traditional cocktail to start and the water dragon has a unique peppery kick. The food is unique Asian "fusion" and is meant to be shared, so many of the items come out as 2 or 4 pieces. The short rib steamed buns were phenomenal. Crispy spring rolls were delicious. The portions are a bit on the small side, but it's a great way to try many different items. For dessert we tried the giant fortune cookie and chocolate snowball. One word: delicious. Overall the food was great, service was so friendly, can't wait to come back. Btw they have happy hour...looking forward to that too!
5	Great Environment and amazing food!  What a great neighborhood local hang out.  The place is set up for fun and for a quiet date night.  They have a great bar area and an area with couches and lounge like seating, they also have a large patio area, and  a nice dining area.  They have a cool digital jukebox type system that allows you to select the music that will play straight from your smartphone, people in the restaurant get to vote on your selections from their smartphones, kind of cool.  I typically drink a straight vodka drink to stay away from the sugar.  But that night the bartender had me try a few things, usually I say no, this day I didn't and what a surprise.  They had a house made mango infused sake that was awesome, I had a taste of two house specialty drinks that were also amazing, but my surprise was the sake on tap, it was cold, clean and crisp, with a light carbonation to it making it more like a champagne, really nice!The food was amazing.  I went in for sushi, which was really great and they do have some house specialty rolls, that looked and sounded amazing, but I would up having their take on Hawaiian poke', which is nothing like any poke' I had before, I don't even know how to explain what was on it, but the flavor was great!  I then had the cedar plank salmon which was not  even on the menu yet, they told me it was a newly introduced item that would hit the menus next week.  WOW!  The salmon quality was amazing, it was cooked to perfection, with a nicely crisp outside, but still soft tender and moist inside, it had a cedar and believe it or not a bacon like flavor to it.  YUM!  It was served with some greens and over an awesome risotto with crispy prosciutto? or bacon? or pork?  or ?? in it, I don't know what but the flavor combinations were great!I will be back, and I'm really hoping that this place becomes the go to spot in the area, it has all the potential to do so, great food, great environment, fun social spot!I feel Lucky that I found Lucky Foo's!
5	My husband and I had the most delicious meal.  The service is excellent and they go beyond to wow their customers. Food was fresh, very well presented, and delicious. Prices are reasonable and one of the best features: the restaurant itself.  The space is beautiful with really good taste.  It is very cozy and great ambiance.  We ordered some kind of Japanese burrito which was amazing and different, and we also had pork belly tacos which were great.  The tortillas were different and made in house.  We also had pineapple infused sake which was outstanding.  I can't wait to come back and I really suggest it as a place to have drinks and bites with friends.  They even have a DJ. I love there is a place so good out of the strip.
5	This has to be the best sushi restaurant in Henderson! !  We have tried several in the area and we have been always disappointed.  So excited to try this new restaurant.  It did not disappoint.  We started with the Kale & Pear Salad. Amazing presentation. The flavors were excellent. Went on to the Brussel Sprouts. Perfectly prepare. Hot and crunching in a sauce that was perfection. Then did a spicy hand roll, lemon roll, caterpiller roll and fennel roll. All were flavorful and delicious. Will return!! The restaurant is sectioned off for a more intimate dining experience.  The bar area has plenty of tv screens going to make everyone happy. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.
4	Nice modern atmosphere and a very cool hangout.  We ended up here too late for the regular menu, but the late night menu had some great choices with quite a bit of variety.We tried out the Korean wings, spring rolls, spicy miso ramen, and kimchee chicken fried rice.  Experienced some awesome flavors, but in somewhat small servings.  We spent $35 with tip and left satisfied, but not super full.Our friends had the burrito roll and lasagna roll and enjoyed them both.Will definitely try again, but looking forward to checking out the regular menu next time!
3	What really stood out here was the service- waitress was super attentive, hosted greeted with smile and overall everyone was really nice. Refills would happen immediately. And empty plates would get removed lightening fast. Food was good nothing too memorable but it didn't disappoint at all. Menu is somewhat innovative but it lacks execution. Prices are moderate, this place will not set you back at all. If you tired of overpriced, overhyped and underwhelming food on the strip , than defiantly visit this place. Perfect way to start off your night on the town.
2	Mediocrity at its best. Weird, spotty service. The staff seems snooty already...as if they're already a successful restaurant. Far from it...We stood at the front entrance for a few minutes with no one to greet us before taking matters into our own hands. We walked over to the left side of the restaurant where we saw a group of about five people conversing. They finally took notice and sat us. They continued conversing for the next five minutes until one of them came over to serve us. Again...weird.We ordered some happy hour items: wings, tacos, sushi rolls. Nothing had pizazz. Nothing was impressive...very boring and blah. That's enough out of me. They didn't want to give me the time of day, so I won't either with a long winded review. Just not impressed. Should've gone to sushi-mon.
3	I like trying new places, I seen pictures of the inside online looked very cool. When I pulled up the sign threw me off it looked like a old casino sign does not do the place justice. The sushi was ok, not many selections but I loved the LEMON ROLL **i might go back for that alone. It was empty on a Saturday night and the hostess failed to sit us in the "21+ area" were there was people and were the ambiance was cool. In all I will go back for the lemon roll and cool bar area for drinks!!!
2	This place has decent ambiance and decor, I liked the music playing, and our server was well put together, friendly, and on top of things. So why the two stars? The food is where this place falls flat on its face. We went in on a Monday night. There was one other couple seated at a table and a few people at the bar. Other than that, it was a bunch of staff mulling around with nothing to do. Ghost town.I was starving and ready to hop all over the menu. We got the Warm Root Salad (which wasn't bad, but also wasn't warm), two miso bowls which were just average, and two sushi rolls which were just plain not good. On one roll the rice was very compacted and dry, to the point where it was almost inedible without adding soy sauce, yet somehow the second roll was soggy and mushy. My lady companion is from Hawaii and knows her sushi. She said it tasted like the rolls sat in the fridge all night and then they just topped them with fresh fish, which I have to concur. The mushrooms in our miso bowls were clearly dried and then rehydrated. The quality of ingredients was just underwhelming. Also, I ordered a Moscow Mule, which didn't taste bad, but it also didn't taste like it had a drop of alcohol in it. I wasn't going to say anything, but when my server asked how the Mule was, I answered honestly, "It tastes a little weak..." Her response was, "Oh...I'll have to let the bartender know." But that was it. No offer to remake it, comp it, or anything. $10 for a weak drink is kind of lame. Our bill was about $60 and I still left a nice tip because our server was nice, but I see no reason to return here. I was still kind of hungry when I left and would have ordered more if the food were better. Maybe it was an off night, but with no customers and very mediocre food, I don't see where all of these great reviews are coming from or how they'll be able to keep their doors open.
2	This is my first time to lucky foo and as an avid foodie and after seeing them on Instagram I wanted to give them try. From walking in it looks like a cool place, modern seating updated fixtures and a chill atmosphere. We were allowed to seat ourselves which was fine and wasn't really a problem. The problem was the lack of attention and service that we received. It took at least 10 minutes till someone asked if we had drink orders in yet. And overall all the servers seem uninterested in helping. Working in hospitality I think I just had a higher standard especially for a nice place like this. When you had as little customers as they had only 5-6 other tables is when servers should be trying to take extra care of their customers not check on them every 15 minutes I think that if they just went over their manners it would go a long way. A simple please, thank you and your welcome goes a long way. The only server who actually responded to my thank you with a your welcome instead of a k was "James" also the only server to introduce himself The food is pretty good the miso ramen was the best I would recommend it! The portions are alittle small side Overall I think that this negative experience  would make me not come back, but I think everyone has off days but overall when you work in the service industry regardless of how you feel you gotta suck it up and put your customers first. Something management should really focus on. I'll be trying it again in a few months hopefully it'll be better next time
5	The Brussel sprouts are amazing. The fish is fresh the sushi melts in your mouth. A new local favorite for sure! The chef is awesome. Came out to check how everything was. Also the infused pineapple sake was delicious
2	So I had high hopes after seeing the pictures online and they continued on when I entered. The place had a fun vibe to it. Cool pop art all over the place, vivid colors.  We were prompt greeted, and given a menu to look at while we waited for a table.  The menu had lots of cool looking fusion items on it and I was so excited.  So we settled on the Hawaiian roll, the fennel role, shirt rib ramen, and the chicken fried rice.  First thing that came was the ramen it was 12 dollars and about a 3 rd the size of what I would get at monta.  The meat at least was tender good cook on the egg, and the broth had good flavor although a bit too salty. They did give us two extra bowls since we were sharing which I appriciated.  Then the fennel roll came out the rice was so sticky and the peices stuck together.  It was also bland.  Kinda tasted like tuna salad.   The Hawaii roll came out and it tasted like a bland California roll with some mango on it.  These rolls were around 14 dollars. Way to much money for poorly executed rolls.  Then finally the fried rice, way to wet and not harmonious at all.  Just to many things happening without any balance.  Even though we really didn't enjoy our food nearly enough, the staff was great.  I will say this is not a place to bring a kid, more an adult vibe.  I am tempted to go back just to try the lychee panecotta, but scared of another lovely sounding item not coming together.
5	I waited anxiously for Lucky Foo's to open and it is better than I even hoped it would be! The hamachi crudo is amazing, as is the Uni crudo and the completely unique and unexpected tuna poke. Lucky Foo's has become a weekly ritual for my family and me, and my 9yr old son loves the lemon roll, the potato chip-wrapped sausages and the chicken wings. Oh! And the Brussel sprouts! Those are his favorite! The miso soup is delicious and the short rib ramen is ridiculously yummy! Although I'm not really a drinker, their hand-crafted and unique cocktails look tempting. I always settle instead for the best green tea I've ever had - served in a french press, atop a rustic wood platter. If you're an edamame fan - try theirs! Lastly, the service has always been great! I have seen the chef greet guests, on occasion, and the sushi chef always has smile on her face. The servers are friendly and informative and I can't wait until they open for lunch so I can try more things and add more meal times to my weekly ritual! Thanks for opening Lucky Foo's!
5	Yay! They finally put a great restaurant in this location! I was a customer twice back in the Extreme Sushi days and that was enough to last me a lifetime. Lucky Foo's is such an upgrade and an awesome new addition to this center. I really love what they did with the place. So much better than before! If you haven't been yet, you should check it out. Already they were off to a great start with the major improvement in the atmosphere. Then we ordered and WOW, their menu blew me away too. So many interesting dishes and drinks to choose from. I can't wait to go back and try more! Everything we ordered was great but a few favorites were the Pork Belly Yakitori and the Charred Edamame. That Pork Belly just melts in your mouth. You must try that! I also loved the fact that they had so many choices for Sake. I ordered the House Infused Apple Sake and it was so good that I ordered another. Also worth mentioning... the Caterpillar Roll and Philadelphia Roll but I prefer to recommend things that are unique because you can order these items at any sushi bar. I'll try more of their menu and update this review after I have a few more visits under my belt but for now I was way impressed. They even have this cool app called Rockbot that you can download to choose what music they play. I had fun with that. As an extra bonus, there was a familiar face there. Much to my pleasant surprise I was able to locate a chef that I had lost track of named Koong. She's a chick whose sushi game is on point! Now I already know this restaurant knows what's up since they hired her to work here. No wonder I loved my food!In closing, I will definitely be back since now it's my mission to become the duchess of Lucky Foo's by getting the most checkins. Excited about my next visit! It's nice to have that feeling after visiting a restaurant for the first time. I need to explore more of their decor since I'm studying interior design. The visual stimulus here was off the chart! I was invited to check out the other rooms but we didn't have time this visit. I will definitely be back for that, plus to hang out more because I really love this place.
2	Walking up to the restaurant I did not expect the interior of the place to look as nice as it did. It was a very relaxed atmosphere with a mix of modern-asian decoration. The staff did an excellent job of greeting and helping us find our table for our party to get settled. The real reason for the 2-star rating was the disappointing serving size of the food. I ordered the pork belly ramen and it is truly about 2/3 smaller than your typical serving at other ramen restaurants. The dishes ranged from 15$ and up which is why I expected a much bigger order. The ramen bowl was salty and the flavor could have been more intense. Our table also ordered some cut rolls which actually met expectations.The chef came out to our table and introduced the Foo Foo Dogs saying that he invented it and said something like the sauce was made with Tonkatsu..and the hot dogs were sausages from a place in Japan. They didn't taste special. The service was great and the people were nice but the food needs to be improved.
1	Service was good. The server was nice but clearly didn't have much product knowledge. The food was terrible. We tried the miso ramen and to be frank instant packaged noodles taste better. The rolls were mediocre and the dumplings were soggy. I would not recommend this place.
3	I've been dying to try this place since we accidentally walked in on them during their server training prior to opening (maybe we should lock some doors once in a while... lol) so finally when the opportunity arose for a date, Lucky Foo's was what I suggested.Hrmmmmmm.... I do want to give it a gushing review, but I can't.First off, not going to lie, the place looks pimp. It looks like an Asian restaurant from a Quentin Tarantino film. If you remember the club from Kill Bill, I got that vibe: traditional but hip at the same time. And the service was killer. Our server was very chatty but not too intrusive, and helped us pick some really great items, including cocktails and drinks. She checked on us frequently, and was really pleasant. So those arenas get high marks from me. Psychic high fives all around.The food was my main issue, and why this review only gets three stars. Their specialty seems to be the yakitori grill, so I ordered some pork belly skewers with a side of chicken fried rice. While the fried rice is served at an okay-I-guess size (and heads up, they fry an egg on top with runny yolk, not scrambled in like other places), I only got three little skewers, with five chunks of meat. Tasty, to be sure, but I couldn't help but think all the way throughout, "I just paid $10 for fifteen small pork belly nuggets." My wallet wept.It was an "Oliver Twist" moment, really...ME: Please, sir, may I have some more?LUCKY FOO'S: MOOOOOOOOOORE???Dinner, drinks, and a split dessert (since I was still hungry!) cam to $60 for two people. Gak. Overall, Lucky Foo's has got something good, but it can stand to be better. 2.5 stars is what I would have liked to give it, but it gets the third star for excellent service. At least THAT is on point.
5	A couple weeks ago I stopped by Lucky Foos and sat at the bar, had one drink with my wife and we both thought the vibe was really, really cool (don't believe me? Look at the photos:)) ... so, I returned today to try their food for lunch. I had another great experience....I was pleasantly greeted at the door and seated in a comfy booth. The atmosphere is unbelievable. They spent some money on the decor, love it! They play cool music too. Had me tapping my chopsticks the entire time. Ha! The waitress was very nice, she had a few recommendations, "the lemon roll"... Which I ended up getting along with the foo burger. Yum! I was served a complimentary (two pieces) of blue fin tuna, which I thought was a cool touch to the experience. The lemon roll was EXCELLENT! The Foo Burger and fries did not disappoint. Since I work around the corner, and they are open for lunch now, I will be visiting probably once a week. The Ramen is next for me. Yummy!!
3	The decor and everything int he restaurant is really nice and sheik looking. We got the Resting Panda and the Whiskey sour, both of which were very tasting drinks. We started with the Foo Foo plater (just to be able to try a bit of everything). It was pretty good actually, I'd highly recommend it! Our server (i believe her name was Nicky) was super awesome and really nice and helpful. She decided on getting the pork belly ramen and two sushi rolls. The ramen was good, a little salty, but I'd recommend it. Then we received the Spider roll, which was great. Next up was the Crispy roll, which was where the problems arose. We had to wait over 45 minutes for one roll. After about half an hour they finally brought us a different roll to apologize for it taking so long. Apparently they didn't have the crispy rice prepped so that was what was taking so long. I myself am a server, and although the server came over and apologized several times, it probably would have been a good idea to have the manager come and apologize. We finally got it and it was okay, and they ended up comping it, which was nice. I'd give this place one more try...But I most limey wouldn't order the crispy rice roll again.
5	omg love this place brought my vegetarian employee and there were plenty of options for her. our waitress kelly is great she is vegan and great service from the staff.. had a conversation with the general manager matt he was polite and nice!! cant wait to bring my business partner here
5	Great tasty creations! Nothing too over the top and the portions are just right. Nice ambiance!
4	Our first time here and we'll definitely be back! Happened to hear about them through a friend and it sounds like they recently opened. Service was excellent, I also liked the ambience and decor. We were here on a Sunday night and they weren't very busy.We ordered a lot, so our bill was high for two people w/out alcohol ($90) but we like to try a bunch of things.Highlights:Lemon roll - California roll with yellowtail, salmon and thinly sliced lemon on top (fresh tasting, really good, our favorite dish so far)Foo Dogs - mini kurobota sausages wrapped in potato and deep fried (also very good, could've eaten 10 of them, bummer it's only 3 per order)Short rib ramen - short rib was tender, broth was excellent, texture of the noodles was more like soba, but I still enjoyed it Short rib steamed buns - again, short rib was tender, great flavor, bun was steamed perfectly, only complaint was too much parsleyPork belly skewers - good flavor but very fatty, even less meat than what you normally find in pork bellyChicken fried rice - loved the crispy bacon on top, loved the Kim chee, but there was a sweet flavor that I didn't like (personal preference)Chicken wings - will pass on these next time, nothing really special about them and they're really large (for wings) and came out piping hot so really hard to eat/handle
4	Located in the LVAC center on Eastern. Ok so this is the latest in a long line of restaurants that have been in this location since I have lived in Las Vegas (8 years) I wish them luck, it's a good location, they have a good happy hour, the food and service were very good, so they have fighting chance. I will go back and try some more things on the menu for a more comprehensive review but for now I say stop by and check it out! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	New place in a convenient location at Eastern and 215. Food was good, service was good, and there were some new items on the menu I've never seen before. It seemed to have a hip, yuppie feel in the atmosphere. I'll be going back again.
4	Lucky Foos has amazing food and the service was superior. I would recommend going for their happy hour so you can try many items.
4	Went in for a quick afternoon lunch we order the tiger roll and really enjoyed it (enjoyed it to much forgot to take a picture). Then ordered a mountain miso soup and I would say it probably won't cross my mind to order it again!Overall the experience was good and will probably go back and try a few new things.
3	Okay first off let's talk about cultural confusion. Lucky Foos? Sounds Chinese to me.. But overall definitely not Japanese. I know this place serves a variety of Asian foods but sushi is prominent on the menu and is Japanese. This is the main reason I didn't initially go here. But eventually I went. Cute place, nice decor. Waitress tells me this is an Izakaya which I am more than familiar with (japanese). And also goes on to tell me not to pour my own sake which.. I also knew but whatever. It's not a cultural lesson, right? First thing that came out was yakitori. Flavor was not so good but edible. Next we had "dumplings" which actually were luke warm gyoza. The crispy rice and lemon roll were both really awesome. Then we had the ebiyaki which was also really good. The only inedible part of the meal was the chicken wings. It was like two gigantic bird wings that you had to break apart with your hands to dip in the sauce and I felt so barbaric I couldn't finish it. Overall this place has a lot of potential, but needs to refine the small menu that they have. I've been to much better Izakayas in chinatown so that's my baseline and this place isn't up to snuff
