2	Like the previous reviewer, I was very underwhelmed.  The waiter went way beyond the typical aloofness of  waitstaff in better restaurants -- he was downright  rude when he saw that our table was two women only -- neither of whom was drinking.  What he doesn't know is we both have backgrounds in the culinary industry and tip, at the very least, 20% for very poor service and up to 50% for outstanding service.  Needless to say he got 20%.  The crudo was outrageously priced and disappointing.  I got the crudo with "the mixed pickled veggies".  The mixed veggies were only scallions -- one of my least favorite foods.  I guess it could be called "veggies" (multiple) because there was more than one scallion.  The waiter was less than helpful when I asked about the source of the beef  because Customshop is known for serving some local and organic foods.  The only thing I could find local and organic was the pork and some cheese.  The carpaccio was pretty tasty.  The entrees were so blah I can't even remember what I had.  I will not be going back.
4	We went to Customshop as a birthday dinner -- I found these previous reviews after making reservations, and was concerned, but nonetheless ready, taking into consideration both previous reviewers backgrounds (one an nyc diner, another with a "culinary" background) and also very aware of the genuine lack of outstanding dining choices in Charlotte. I was pleasantly surprised. While yes, the prices are high, I was not offended by a $10 crudo plate or salad. The wine, a Volnay, was delicious, and our crudo plate for one (scallop, tuna and one other) was very good and if I were to be picky, the scallop was a little fishy. We ordered it to get a sense of the restaurant, and I think it was an accurate representation. We also ordered a fig salad with wilted spinach, pine nuts and a blue cheese vinegrette and a calimari plate with a delicious tomato sauce and caper berries. While the spinach salad was uninspired, it was still good. The calimari, however, was very good.I ordered the squid ink spaghetti with king crab and mint, and my husband ordered duck with cherries. The duck was extremely rare, which my husband enjoyed (it was less appealing to me...) but the squid ink spaghetti was fantastic.I found the food to be good and our waiter, Jack, was fantastic -- very attentive and ready to offer suggestions when we had a difficult time deciding.The worst part, by far, was the noise volume. Both my husband and I like loud places, but this restaurant hurt our ears. This is not the place for a romantic dinner, but more for a boisterous party of friends or a place to hop to before going out.
3	I had a better experience than the previous two reviewers, but not by much.  I went with my girlfriend EARLY on a Saturday.  Early - like 6PM.  I've never eaten dinner that early on a Saturday....  Needless to say, we did not need a restaurant.  We were the only people in the reservation.  We were, thankfully, seated properly.  OK - I'll get the bad out of the way.  The fish crudo.  It's overpriced.  Was it good? ehh.  It was OK.  In fact, the fish was still frozen.  I would not order this again.  A cocktail off of their list - it was $12 if I recall and completely not worth it.  Seriously - $12 for gin and juice?  Pass. The good - I had a really good glass of wine.  Was not completely overpriced.  I think it was about $10 - good for the price.  I had a braised meat pasta.  It was very good and not overpriced at all.  I would absolutely get this again.  I really don't remember what my girlfriend had...  sorry!Service - Our waiter was nice and pretty attentive.  I guess he should be, given we were the only ones around.  I would still go back again. Good tip - I have heard they have the best brunch in town.  Can't confirm, just a rumor....
3	I have been countless times it can be a hit or a miss but I never miss with the Pork Chop its from Grateful Growers. They're pastas are all made there and I have to say very good. I have to agree that they can be pricey in some ways but make up for it in others. They're wine pour is generous and wine list is different.
4	I really enjoyed the Customshop. The service was great and the atmosphere was pleasant. I had a glass or 2 of the red the waiter recommended and was happy with the selection. For starters I had a Kobe beef carpaccio with homemade flat breads, micro greens and fresh grated horseradish on top. I would order it again in a heartbeat. Although I might ask for more horseradish since I am rather fond of it. Main course I had a braised short rib along kale sauteed with maitake mushrooms. The plate was garnished with a small drizzle of a balsamic reduction. The beef was very tender. I did not have to pick up my knife once. The kale was not at all bitter and not overcooked. I like seeing kale on a "trendy" menu. I would order this again as well. I tried my friend's salmon that was crisp seared on the outside and juicy in the middle. It was served over a cream sauce that I think had a touch of marscapone in it. It was nicely done even though said friend ordered it medium-well and not my normal rare or med-rare. =) For dessert, I have to admit, I skipped since Elizabeth Creamery is right next door. This place is not known for massive portions. I was satisfied when I left. Not stuffed which was good. It is pricey but the relaxed atmosphere and tasty food make up for that. It is near the top of the list when I get to take out business associates for local flavor.
3	We went to Customshop during restaurant week to discover a new good restaurant and hopefully add it to our "eating out" list.  The food was very good....few quibbles here, but the front of the house was arrogant and demeaning.  We will not be returning.
3	I was so excited to go to Customshop after reading the menu online.  I had a hard time trying to decide among the amazing sounding entrees, but ended up getting an arugula salad which had zero flavor, and black grouper, which was actually quite good.  The other people in my group had mixed reactions to the food.  Gnocchi was good, chicken meatballs were not very tasty, ribeye was cold in the middle.  Still, it was an enjoyable meal, and I left feeling that I want to come back to try other entrees.
3	I  found Customshop to be a really good restaurant. The ambiance was great- a dark bistro, traditional yet modern.  I love their commitment  to supporting local and organic farms and sustainable seafood. Black grouper with sweet potato and pesto, outstanding. I think it deserves 4 stars but I have to give it three :( for the horrible service. The server had no interest in our table whatsoever. I hope to go back with a better service experience.
4	Really, this should be a 3.5...I have eaten at Customshop three times.  Once for brunch, and twice for dinner.  I have had two excellent meals, and one that I really have no interest in repeating any time soon.  First, the good.I have had consistently good service (with one caveat, which I will discuss below).  The service has been attentive without being smothering, and the servers have been very knowledgeable.  I also love the atmosphere.  The lighting and the decor are great - not too dark, but dark enough where it feels very comfortable.  Compared to the horrible atmosphere at Carpe Diem (across the street), Customshop is a real gem.The drinks (cocktails) I have ordered have also been very good.  They aren't cheap -  they are overpriced as is typical of Charlotte's better restaurants - but I have found them to be creative and very tasty.  (My last trip to Customshop found me at the bar ordering a martini with gin and wine in it.  I was skeptical, but it tasted fantastic.)The food, for the most part, has been first rate.  For brunch I had their eggs benedict.  Excellent.  For the first dinner we started with their flat bread, and I was impressed by the texture of the crust and the tasty toppings.  I had a boneless short rib for my entree, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was cooked to perfection, and it really melted in my mouth.  We also ordered the brussel sprout side dish, which was excellent.  For dessert, we had the bread pudding.  I love bread pudding, and while I have had better than what they serve at Customshop it hasn't happened often.  I think it is a must order if you like dessert.My third trip to Customshop produced a much more disappointing outcome.  We ordered crudo and two salads.  I didn't try the crudo, but the judgment from my dining companions was that it was not very good at all.  We also ordered two salads and they were both disappointing.  The butter lettuce and blue cheese was really a bit of a joke for $8.  It is certainly the worst thing that I have had at Customshop.  I can't believe that they are trying to justify charging that much money for several pieces of lettuce, a bit of blue cheese, and a smidge of dressing that wasn't flavorful.  The arugula salad was better, but not worth anything close to $9.  The good news was that we got a great wine recommendation... For our entrees we ordered the ribeye, the short rib, a pasta dish, and I got a pork dish (after asking for a recommendation from the server).  The pork was thinly sliced and breaded, and, well, really not very tasty.  I was terribly disappointed, and I realized that I should have trusted my gut - which told me to ignore the server's recommendation and order the duck instead.  My dining companions seemed very happy with their entrees, so thankfully I was the only one who ordered poorly.  We had bread pudding for dessert, and it lived up to our previous experience.  Three appetizers, two beers, a bottle of wine, a glass of wine, four entrees, and two desserts (plus a bottle of Pellegrino) and with tax and tip the meal was $280 - not a particularly good value in my mind.I would certainly return to Customshop.  Relative to some of the other "higher end" restaurants in the area - Carpe Diem and Fig Tree - I can at least say that I have had good food here.  I don't think Customshop is a great value, though.  If you are looking for great "bang for the buck", then I would try a different restaurant.
2	The staff was really unimpressive.  The food, okay.  Overpriced for what you get.  They are really trying to run an upscale restaurant but they have a  long way to go to achieve this.  Wine list is very limited, the food portions are tiny and the staff is a tad bit stuffy.  You can find far better in Charlotte than what they offer here.
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about.  I've had dinner and brunch here.  It's been a while since I've had dinner here and I'm not  sure if it's still on the menu, but how can you have a 2 minute ceviche with a diver scallop?  It was undercooked and disgusting!  For brunch, 3 out of 4 person's eggs were undercooked.  I give them high marks for their fresh-squeezed bottomless mimosas.  Overall, I'm not impressed.
4	Meat and cheese and wine, oh my! Customshop is the place the hubs and I will visit for a hefty serving of all of the above. While we've had a full meal here, I think they shine with their appetizers and wine selections. Their meat and cheese boards as well as their crudo, are fantastic. If you're a Kobe beef fan, their carpaccio is very good, too. The menu items are definitely not cheap, but I'm ok with that because of their local focus and quality.I know that they update their menu with seasonal (and usually local) offerings and each app has been delicious. Definitely ask your server or bartender about wine and cheese/meat pairings. The servers are certainly educated and each one has been very friendly. Their bartenders are also very talented - I had the most amazing Blood Orange martini that the bartender made off the cuff. Inside Customshop is, as Veronica O. says, a great dark bistro. It's definitely got some mood lighting, dark wood booths and a plethora of candles. Romantico! On a few side notes, I've also been there for brunch and I wasn't overly impressed. I had their brioche french toast with marscapone and it was lacking in the marscapone department. Major bummer for a cheese and sweet lover like myself. Also, I think this restaurant was really hurting the past year due to all of the construction on Elizabeth Ave. - now that the trolley work is done, I'm really hoping they pick back up. I'll definitely head back over to Customshop for a martini and a big slab of proscuitto and cheese.
4	It's been about three years since I've been in Customshop.  My sister and I went there for brunch.  We both had a magically delicious brunch entree called "rancheros", consisting of poached eggs, delicate tender little corn pancakes, black beans, white cheese, and fresh salsa.  The price was reasonable, the size of the entree was perfect -- we didn't roll out feeling overstuffed -- and the coffee was tasty and the waitstaff friendly and attentive.  All around win -- except maybe the 80s nostalgia radio that showered us with G&R, Oh Sherry, Duran Duran, etc.  And we couldn't have bottomless mimosas what with it being Sunday before noon and all.  But that's not Customshop's fault.
4	If you're looking for a fun, casual meal at a place where seasonal menus are embraced, then you'll love Customshop. Whenever I go here I always grab a seat at the bar and start with a glass of wine (heavy pour in a mini-carafe) and the meat and cheese plate, which they usually make right behind the bar for you by a chef. Bartenders are very knowledgeable and will strike up a conversation with ease. Take their advice on the new wines or drink specials, you won't be disappointed. Gnocchi is great, as well as the desserts are awesome. I hardly resist the bread pudding. They sure put the love in the food! This is a local place that had some challenges with the trolley construction and deserves to stay and be a local vibrant joint in the Midtown/Elizabeth scene. PS - you'll enjoy the scenery in the restrooms :)
5	I'd certainly classify myself as a "becoming foodie". I find that you can see true passion in food from the person who's crafted the dish to those who you surround yourself to eat the dish. Going on my 3rd year here in Charlotte, I've had a chance to try most of my research. I read food blogs, food magazines and keep up with whats new, hot and always good in Charlotte. If I had to suggest a solid, experienced, delicious and great atmosphere to a local or outsider - Customshop falls within my top 3. I go to Customshop with girlfriends, family, my beau and who ever else may way to. There is something beautifully rustic and natural about Customshop! Staff all around has always been great! Food is always superb and each experience leaves me with something else. Looking forward to the next visit! Who's ready?
4	Like Molly mentioned earlier, I hadn't even thought to go to Customshop until the Living Social Deal pretty much forced me to buy the coupon and give it a shot! The place is relatively small, so you should make reservations early if you want a "normal" dinner time. 5 days in advance, I was able to reserve a table at 8:30pm. We arrived 30 minutes early (movie got out sooner than expected) and were promptly seated, despite the time discrepancy. The hostess was very nice about it and lessened my awkward feeling about being so early. Fortunately, they do have a small bar in case you're early and a table isn't available.The ambiance of Customshop is wonderful. It's just small enough to feel cozy and the candles throughout bring a warm feeling to an otherwise stark building. It also has this great quality to it where EVERY table was full the night we were there, but it never felt crowded or loud. They start you off with some delicious, soft bread drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with freshly cracked pepper. I wished the bread was "crustier", but all-in-all, it was really good. Our water glasses were always full and the initial pour of wine was quite a pour! For dinner, I had the pumpkin gnocchi in brown butter and sage and the BF has the scallops on mushrooms and a pumpkin sauce. My gnocchi was incredible. Perfectly cooked and nicely spiced. The sauce was great also. I typically cannot stand seafood; however, the scallops were perfection. Soft and buttery, yet light and creamy. The pumpkin sauce they were atop was also perfect. Nicely seasoned but the flavor of the pumpkin still came through. Customshop knows what's up. The food is great, the ambiance is fantastic and the service is about as good as it gets. If you have a Living Social coupon, go ASAP! You will not be disappointed! If you don't, go ASAP! You will not be disappointed!
5	My second time eating here, it was --- literally --- the best meal of my life.Not necessarily the best entree or appetizer or dessert I've ever eaten, but as a whole, this meal kicked all the others' asses!I'll just list what we ordered and if you have similar tastes, you will understand.We asked Chip, our waiter extraordinaire, to recommend a bottle of red under $40.  He chose a Super Tuscan and it was delicious.  Perfect for the meat and cheese plate we ordered next.We started with the meat & cheese plate. We chose 3.- A hot sopprasatta from North Carolina.- A French blue (cheese).  Very blue, very rich & creamy texture. Served  with dried, whole figs. Delicious. Perfect pairing.Chip described it as "exactly what you'd expect from a high quality French blue". Spot on.- A smoked sheep's milk from Spain. Also exactly what you'd expect. Very good.  Served with roasted tomatoes.Then we had a watercress salad with roasted beets, crushed pistachios and a ricotta salata vinaigrette, which was very, very light. But perfect!For the mains:- I ordered the pumpkin gnocchi, topped with a full POUND of lobster (!!!), oyster mushrooms, in a tomato sauce. (Check the menu for a better description, but it was divine.)  All of their pastas are made in-house, too.Oh, and it was priced at $25, which is totally reasonable for a dish that includes a pound of lobster (and homemade pasta)!- My partner ordered the braised boneless short rib with tuscan kale & cipollini marmalade & loved it. His only complaint was that the portion of meat was perhaps too much relative to the kale. Some might find this a plus!And to finish the meal off, we ordered the chocolate souffle. DIVINE. This is my favorite dessert, so maybe I'm biased, but they nailed it.  Perfect darkness of chocolate (if that's what you'd call it...) --- not too sweet, not too bitter.  Served with vanilla icecream.I will DEFINITELY be going back, and will always request Chip, if he's working. He was the perfect waiter.
5	A great way to start out Charlotte's Restaurant Week...this place has been on my list of too try restaurants for awhile now.  I don't know why I waited so long LOVED it.  After just returning from a trip to NYC I felt like I never left Manhattan and that is a compliment.  I actually haven't had the chance to participate in restaurant week in the past and was very surprised by the unbelievable choices Customshop had to offer.  First off I love that they included a glass of wine with the meal, then an appetizer of kobe beef carpaccio - I consider myself a carpaccio snob I order it in every restaurant that serves it..this was definitely one of my favorite versions of this dish.  As an entree I went for the flounder..I'm still dreaming of it a perfectly executed dish.   Last but not least and apple walnut brioche bread pudding with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with carmel.  I know your mouths are watering now so call up and get a reservation NOW!*side note I called for a last minute reservation and as busy as they were they accommodated me - I had incredible service.
3	I've got good news and I've got bad news.  Why not start with the good?I've eaten at Customshop a handful of times since it opened.  I thought it would be the perfect Restaurant Week destination for a night out with the ladies.  Trendy yet cozy on the inside.  Full of energy, and people for that matter. NICE VIBE.The restaurant week menu was simplified.  I went with the carpaccio with fresh horseradish.  It was served with a cracker of sorts with some nice solid chunks of sea salt.  This made it for me.  For my entree, I ordered the flounder with spinach and a lemon butter sauce. It was great!  I tried my friend's eggplant ricotta gnocchi.  As an eggplant lover, I should have gotten this dish. You live you learn!Dessert: My deep, dark, secret is that, it's true.  I have a sweet tooth.  I ordered the apple walnut brioche bread pudding.  OMG.   This was the best part of the meal.  It was like caramel apple crunchy crusty bread chunks with melty vanilla icecream.  I am a sucker for those crunchy end pieces. You think I should write menu descriptions for my day job?  Me too.And the BAD:Our waiter could not have been any more blatantly miserable with his life if he had tried.  In fact, I am pretty sure he was trying.  He was short (and I don't mean height-wise), SNARKY, sarcastic, and a grump!  I almost felt like we were on Candid Camera.  That would have been awesome!Go for the food, but watch out for Oscar the Grouch!
3	Now I would say the biggest highlight of this place is the decor, very charming and rustic feel to it. Low light and will have set you in the mood right off the bat. Visited here for restaurant week and although sitting at the bar may not have been the best idea, in the end our bartender "Chip" was very attentive and explained the menu to us fully and made up for the entire evening. Onto my main course. The yellowtail tuna (imported from hawaii) Deliciously seared with pepper and some other fine marinates. Delicious and well proportioned. My date enjoyed the tuna meatballs and pasta dish which was also delicious and was served with house made pasta. Both dished were delightfulI had the bread-pudding desert and all I have to say is HOT DAMN THAT SHIT WAS GOOD!!!
4	The ingredients are creative and, all but one time I've been there, the flavors are blended beautifully.  Seared Ahi with butternut squash, apple, and carmelized pearl onions...so perfect.  It's nice to have a chef in Charlotte willing to be more risky.  The atmosphere is elegant, but down to earth and the servers are friendly and know their stuff.  Really, I couldn't ask for more.  PS.  Bottomless mimosa brunch is where they really win my heart.
5	I've eaten here for dinner & brunch. Dinner was delicious, but my brunch visit is what will keep me coming back. I wish I could recall our server's name, she was amazing. She seemed to be the the only one on, (besides a male filling waters and seating guests) & even though she had so many tables, the moment she came to ours it was as if the rest of the guests didn't exist & she was under no stress whatsoever. kudos to her. When you sit down they serve you scones w/butter & honestly I could have just eaten a plate of those for breakfast & been content, but then I would have missed out on my rancheros. Poached eggs on pancakes with beans and salsa and oh my goodness. My friend had an egg white omelet & both of ours were cooked perfectly, I don't think I've ever been served such egg perfection. I did notice that their brunch menu was very heavily accessorized with hollandaise. Not that it isn't an item you can't request to be left out, or that it is necessarily a bad thing, it just seemed odd to me.But go, and enjoy!
5	Fantastic!My coworkers and I ate on a weeknight  - the place was just about empty, which I found suprising since the food turned out to be awesome.Nice ambiance, while our waiters were knowledgable and efficient and friendly, not a fan of wait staff that aren't cross trained or authorized (?) to handle all requests. We tried a bunch of dishes - we started with the olives. Excellent. We then had a meat and cheese platter - the items with their accompaniments were all excellent. We especially liked the chorizo and the country pate.I ordered the WTF pork chop with spaetzel - solid dish, though the pork chop could have been a bit more juicy. overall the dish was solid. I also tried my coworker's dishes - pumpkin gnochi was delicous as was the ricotta gnocchi with eggplant. My other coworker's ribeye deckle was also delicious, though still not entirely sure what part of the cow is the deckle. Nice to see some interesting cut.We ordered a side of brussel sprouts which were delicious. Even the people at the table who didn't like brussel sprouts loved them. I swear, brussel sprouts taste much better now than they did when I was a kid. The only dissapointment of the night was the potato fingerlings with horseradish. No heat - just some boring roasted potatoes.Wine service was solid with a lot of interesting choices.I'd highly recommend this place for a comforting meal.
5	After getting a taste of Customshop at a Yelp even last fall we decided to go back for a Valentine's Day special occasion. In both ambiance and cuisine they delivered in spades.For an appetizer, we split the fried goat cheese balls. The sweetness of the honey complimented the warm richness of the cheese wonderfully. I followed that up with pumpkin gnocchi. The crunchy walnuts and wild mushrooms added texture and the salty perfection of the chucks of blue cheese was the perfect compliment to the tender gnocchi. If I didn't feel so classy in the low-lit, chic space I probably would have licked the bowl. Toss in a choice of two local beers on tap and bread that literally melted in my mouth and you have a dinner that I won't soon forget.Some of the earlier reviews cited service issues, but I saw no such problems. The hostess was polite and friendly and the server was attentive and engaging while still giving us plenty of privacy to be all gushy between ourselves (it was Valentine's Day after all). Yes, the prices are a bit higher than I would usually seek out, but I an a touch cheap. They are well within reason and the food was definitely worth it. Everything was so fresh and tasty. I used the Open Table feature on the Yelp mobile app to make a reservation and the system appears to work wonderfully.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Customshop to anyone looking to grab a classier bite in Charlotte while steering clear of uptown. I know I'll be back.
4	The first time I went to Customshop I wasn't super impressed. My food was overly salty and just flavor-wise it was off. Went on Friday for a Birthday dinner and I have to say they really pulled it together this time.The venue itself is awesome- beautiful candles line the walls and big comfy booths are there to relax in. This is the type of restaurant where you stay and relax for awhile.Started with some excellent wine selections - our server was more than accommodating in this arena. Wasn't very impressed with the fried goat cheese. They were sort of bland and I was hoping for a savory dish rather than sweet. The Ahi tuna and scallops were amazing - as were the two gnocchi dishes I tasted.So while they missed the boat on the appetizer, they definitely made up for it with the entrees. The meals were both creative and tasty, so I look forward to my next visit!
4	Having had a handful of dinners here and now (most recently) a stop in for brunch, this intimate restaurant remains near the top of my list for upscale places to visit with foodie friends and out of town guests.  While partially subscribing to the locally-sourced ingredient movement, Customshop gets creative in the kitchen and the result is serious flavor in a very cool atmosphere.As mentioned in other reviews, the appetizer menu is not to be overlooked.  Specifically, the cheese (and meat) boards are a must do as there are selections here you will not find at even the local specialty grocer.  Each cheese is paid with a honey, marmalade, or other side that complements the pairing.  The board is also served with large crunchy crackers that contrast nicely with the creamy smoothness of most cheeses.  Pair these with a glass a wine from the trim but sufficient wine menu and you may not make it to the main courses- a very happy problem to have.  You can bring your own wine, but there is a corkage fee of $20 per bottle- typical, but a bit disappointing.The main course menu does vary according to the seasons, but they usually have at least a couple of house-made pastas that deserve your attention.  Squid ink linguni, for example, might first look like tentacles lurching across your bowl, but when paired with a chili pepper-based sauce and rock shrimp with mint you'll trust in your taste buds as you tame that beast with your fork.  Gnocchi based dishes and their pairing were also worthy of attention.  But don't be afraid to venture beyond pasta, as the others mains will tempt you with unexpected but most tempting combinations of flavors- all waging a mini-war for the attention of your taste buds.Brunch is equally a feast for your eyes as much as for your hunger.  You will find an upscale collection of both traditional breakfast items as well as main dishes for those more on the "lunch" side of the equation.  The wife and I both had dishes that utilized poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, which were both expertly executed and decadent when paired together.  Sadly, the small side of home fries seemed bland and uninspired compared to the main dish.  Portions sizes were adequate, and refreshingly not made to fill a buffet-style plate.  Bonus for offering counter culture coffee in a french press.  Bottomless mimosas are also a popular choice.  Love the old yet modern feel of the space- from the booths to the little tables tucked along the wall and cloaked in primarily candlelight after dark.  Even the bar feels rustic yet private, like a speakeasy tucked into a back alley.  Smoothly cool, yet creative and expertly executed- Customshop is a serious gem to be savored.
4	The service was great! I liked the cheese and meat platter we ordered. The main courses were fairly good but pricey.
5	We've been to Customshop a couple of times and each time we're blown away.  The food is just amazing and the service is attentive without being overbearing.We recently went for my husband's birthday and had a fabulous dinner.  We started with the 3 cheese plate and the crudo trio (you must try!)  We were a party of four and just couldn't decide on 4 entrees so we got 5!! Everything was so delicious and well prepared. We love this restaurant and are always excited to go back!!
1	I don't understand the hype.  We went there on a Living Social coupon as first time diners.  Couldn't book on Open Table and restaurant was empty when we arrived.  Despite making a reservation, we we seated at a small table that barely held our four person party.  To say that the wait staff was ambivalent is giving them credit.  Our waiter spent more time conversing with the bartender than he did with us.  Despite informing them we were headed to a theater show and needed to leave by 7:15, our order was not taken promptly and the food was not delivered until 7:05.  My wife's tune was inedible, with lots of sinew throughout.  Given the time, we couldn't even order a replacement.  The waiter took the tuna off the bill, begrudgingly.  The other meals were really just average at best.What peeves me the most though, was that when I called the manager to share our concern, from my car as we were now running late to our show, she indicated she would phone me back and resolve our concerns, the next day.  I've not heard back from her since then.Don't go to Customshop.  There are many other great restaurants in Charlotte with far better attention to customer service, far better food, a more comprehensive wine/beer/drink list.
1	Customshop was the first restaurant I ventured out to when I moved from DC two years ago. I was very hesitant as I had become quite a foodie, but I was so impressed with the service, the quality of food, and the overall experience. It has been my go to place when friends come into town or for a special occasion. Well last night was one of those special occasions in which my boyfriend and I had planned a romantic evening. They had changed the seating in the restaurant so we actually were seated right next to another two top and basically had dinner with them we were so close, and let's just say they were not the type of couple we wanted to have dinner with on our romantic evening. We asked to move and were given a quick no response, along with attitude from the person at the front. When it came to ordering entrees it became a hot mess.....the waiter informed me that the fish I wanted was no longer available that evening and my go to scallop dish was not on the menu. I initially ordered saffron fettuccine. The waiter came back ten minutes later to inform me they no longer had the saffron fettuccine. I then ordered the gnocchi with shrimp. Fifteen minutes later he came by to inform me they were out of the shrimp for that dish. He said I could combine the gnocchi with my original order and make that happen. I said fine----however, he came back yet again informing me that he could not do that either. I ordered squid ink fettuccine with calamari at that point because it was my only other option. So we have now been at the restaurant for well over an hour with nothing to eat....we had to ask for bread- which they usually bring in heaping portions and a major highlight of the restaurant. At one point when the table next to us asked about their appetizer (they had been waiting for well over half an hour for mussels), the waiter walked away throwing his hands up in the air!  The food was no where near as good as it has been in the past, including their always delicious crudo.I left so disappointed last night- it has gone from being my favorite restaurant in Charlotte to I'm not sure I'll ever go back again!
4	Wow, Customshop had a busy week this week in reviews! The hubster took me here for my birthday, and we had a 5 star experience so I am sad to see Diana's bad experience. We didn't have a reservation so we snuck in early and were lucky enough to get a booth, which are definitely more comfy than the interior tables (just like any restaurant). I have always loved their interior, lighting and vibe. To me, this is the perfect size of a restaurant- cozy, small, neighborhoody, exclusive.  It is not a place you go everyday because of the cost and small menu size which is the reason I docked it a star. They change up the menu and this time there were only 2-3 entrees I could eat because of my rule that I won't eat an animal I've had as a pet and I've had a lot of pets. Anyway, our wonderful waiter Bill was friendly, funny and attentive. He introduced us to Black Slate piorat wine which became my husband's new favorite wine! We noshed on the delicious bread drizzled with divine olive oil and fresh crushed black pepper- OMG.  Then we ordered the scallops and I had the whole fish special (snapper) with preserved lemons and pesto tossed arugula which was heaven on a plate. Hubby's scallops were perfect for someone on a diet, and definitely a "chick" dish so it was good that my fish was large enough to share. And he had a big cake at home for me. If I were planning to have scallops next time, I would also order the beef carpaccio or another starter. At the end of the night, the bill was $125.  I enjoyed it immensely so we were happy paying it. I have had their squid ink pasta before with a different prep and it was wonderful.  Unfortunately I'm not a charcuterie/cheese person at all, so that specialty is wasted on me entirely. That's OK, I enjoy every other part of it.  I don't think I've ever had a dessert here (shocker) because I tend to get homemade ice cream next door at Elizabeth Creamery.
4	It hurts me to give this place a 4 out of 5 stars.  It really does.  Probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  That being said, the last two times I've been there I've made poor choices in ordering.  I would recommend steering away from the crispy duck breast any entree specials that include veal.  The duck breast was anything but crispy.  Try a half inch layer of fat.  And the last time we went the waitress raved about the veal special they were having.  My boyfriend and I being regulars to the Custom Shop and knowing their typical portions, both ordered the veal plate.  Let me tell you, this thing was offensive.  It came out looking like a pizza pie.  Pounded veal, wrapped in prosciutto over a "bed of greens".  Thinking about it now makes me a little queasy.  We both felt sick for the next 24 hours after only finishing half of our plates.   Greasy, heavy, flavorless and in general very unappetizing.Now, the veal episode aside... the Custom Shop usually never disappoints.  Their scallop dish is to die for and their beef carpacchio with fresh ground horse radish is my favorite in the world.This place has the ambiance of New York City with an industrial building feel coming through.  The wait staff is always knowledgeable and friendly - really making it their goal to make sure you have a good experience. Overall we really do love this place and I'm sure you will too!
5	I came back to Customshop on a double date and this experience was perfection. We were able to sit outside on the small patio--it was the perfect temperature for males and females alike. Unlike my last trip, our waiter was very friendly and not at all Oscar the Grouch-esque. The food: let me just say it was one of those meals where everyone was audibly mmm'ing. Not much talking = culinary success. I loved the complimentary bread, generously drizzled with olive oil and cracked pepper. We ordered a charcuterie plate to start with a selection of meats and cheeses. Notice a trend here? After ogling a delicious roasted okra concoction at the table beside us (not on the menu) we asked our waiter for one of those as well. It was outstanding, a bit spicy, a lot smoky. Spying can really pay off. The softshell crab with collards and polenta took home the blue ribbon that night. The crab was so lightly breaded, with a delicate crunch that no crab lover could ever resist. The beef carpaccio appetizer was also a standout. A much larger portion than I had during my Restaurant Week visit. The same can be said about the brioche bread pudding. Good God this dessert is delicious. Just thinking about it makes me weak in the knees!
4	My wife and I consider ourselves aspiring foodies, so its no big surprise that we really like Customshop. I can understand that a bad experience there could really turn you off -- it isn't an inexpensive night out, and I suspect the food they serve could alienate the Groupon crowd that they have cultivated (I count 3 or 4 Groupons in the last year). But we've had nothing but really exceptional meals.We have alternated cheese/charcuterie and crudo for two the last few times, and enjoy them both. I have succumbed to the pork chop several times because it is awesome, but have also enjoyed their specials.It would be a five-star restaurant except for the jacked-up wine prices (nearly 200% -- $14 bottle for $39) and the occasional snooty server experience. But neither have distracted us from making this one of our "Top-5 Restaurants in Charlotte." It would be 4.5 stars if such a rating existed.
5	I measure every place I eat against Customshop. Fresh, local delicious- special unique. This is my favorite special occasion place in the area. Its upscale without being pretentious- always  impressive. I have a special place in my heart for places that shop local whenever possible and Customshop never disappoints. Have the chocolate souffle and bask its delicious.
1	I hate to do this.  I love the idea of this place, but wow did I get the wrong end of the deal.  My long dissertation here has been sent to management and they are assuring me that the problems will be resolved.I wish this letter was to inform you of what a great experience it was, but regrettably it isn't. I've had better service from Mad Marge at Waffle house and most of the meals I've eaten at Applebees were much better.We came in on the day after a holiday to a pretty much empty restaurant. The hostess seated us immediately, but next to the only other people in the place, which was a group of loud old ladies. We were a having a business meeting, but didn't mention anything since they were obviously about to leave.Next we were greeted by our waiter(Tim G), we looked rather casual, so he acted casual which is fine to a certain extent. When my business partner ordered a bottle of prosseco our waiter intruded you know thats sweet sweet champagne right? In a somewhat condescending voice. I felt no need to correct him and say it was just an Italian white sparkling that is normally drank before the main meal. As we waited for our bottle, we drank our just recently for the first time filled water. Once the bottle was finally brought I ordered some charcuterie and cheese. With 2 people to a table late in the eve the bottle was still put on a table away from us.We drank our first glass quickly, but it was a good 5-10mins+ and many walks by by our waiter, before I decided to just stand up and grab the bottle and pour some drinks ourselves. This entire time we still had no more water and not our first bread. Once he finally showed back up to take our orders he asked if it was ok to put a bottle in reaching distance of 2 people in a booth. This is where things started to get much worse.I then asked about what type Oyster mushroom was used in the saffron fettucini. He said that he didn't understand what I was saying. I repeated myself, and he stated that my question didn't make any sense. I repeated myself one more time and he stated that there was only one type of oyster mushroom in yet again a condescending voice. I was under the assumption that the customer was always right when ordered, especially when he was actually right. I was also under the assumption that your facility had some knowledge of mushrooms. I felt no need to teach a taxonomy lesson, but I did briefly explain that there are blue, phoenix, golden, tarragon, etc... mushrooms. My fungi knowledge is vast, I guess I should expect the same of others.  He never offered to ask the chef, as he "knew" he was right.  After that encounter I just ordered the whole fish(most expensive entree?) after I asked about it and found out it was close to a "red snapper". When I was told there was only one left, I had no idea that that meant it wasn't really even servable but if you wanted to order it, we charge you for it. My cohort ordered the potato gnocci with the lamb ragu.Our charcuterie finally came. The "hot" chorizo, was neither temperature hot or spicy hot, so I have no idea what your intentions were. It was small shriveled up little pieces with not much distinctive flavor. My Prosciutto di Parma was not what it was supposed to be but was something like a salami. Ironically, I liked it, it was thick and the pepper chucks were a little much, but still had good flavor. The Parmesean was good, but I'm not sure if it should be automatically served with honey. The salt/sweet vibe worked, but would have worked fine with our "sweet, sweet champagne".We didn't talk to our waiter for a while after that. It was still well before 10 and him and the apparently only other waitress on duty were too bust closing down for the eve. When he did finally show up with our plates the presentation was pathetic. So it was obviously not just an off night on the wait staff. My whole fish was a little burnt in the face and covered with greens, very interesting way to present(I have pictures). My buddies dish looked edible but at first bite I could tell he wasn't happy. He was paying for the bill so I was trying to play it up and enjoy myself the entire time, but as soon as I dug into the fish, the reality set in. This fish was nasty. Burnt on the head, not even a chunck of cheek left. The middle was chewy and of a strange texture. The lemon jam was pungent, but other than that not usable.We obviously didn't like our food but felt no reason to complain, if anything we shouldn't have had to, we deserved an apology, but I assume no person that had financial interest in the place was working that day. The waiter did take time from his cleaning job to ask his last table if they wanted dessert, by this point we just wanted out of here quickly. We discussed another bottle but got one else where. The bill came and we were overcharged, it was only a buck or 2 so, we let that go as well.  Paid/tipped and walked out pretty pissed off I must say.I'll try it again at some point.
4	Its just easier for me to break the review down in chronological parts: Drinks: 4/5(tasty local beer (Farmer Ted's)....good wine selection, cocktails, experienced & knowledgeable staff) Cheese & Charcuterie plate: 5/5(As mentioned later, this was the highlight. We went with Prosciutto, Chorizo, Chicken Liver Pate, with Manchego & Mimolette cheeses; It provided a great way to open the meal over initial drinks.) Starter: 3/5(We had the Pork Belly (awesome), although the bed of beans it was served over were pretty undercooked..)Pasta: 4.5/5(all Pasta made in house, we had Ricotta Gnocchi which was great in our opinion) Main Course: 3.5/5 (We had Pork Chop, Duck, Short Rib, Lamb, & Whole Fish. Only complaints were execution...I hate to sound critical, but the Pork was a little chewy and definitely overcooked; same with the Duck...The Short Rib/Lamb & others were amazing though, and the review would have been higher had there not been the 2 critical temperature mistakes on the big ticket items) Dessert: N/ASo, we had to stop somewhere!....Looked amazing though (Pumpkin Creme Brulee & Brioche bread pudding), that will be next time. The Charcuterie & Cheese plate(s) were definitely the highlight of the meal. I thought the wine was fantastic (2007 Row Eleven Pinot Noir), server was knowledgable with the pairings, and overall a great dining experience. This is a great place to go in Charlotte whether you're a culinary expert or an aspiring foodie; they really leave no doubt that they want the food/ingredients to be the focus.
4	I was so excited to try this place and I must say I was very impressed the minute I walked in.  The girlfriend and I popped in for a quick bite before an event and decided on some appetizer dishes to do the trick.I chose the pork belly skillet dish and while the pork belly was great it was luke warm.  Maybe that was the presentation intent but when I read "skillet" I think it's going to be hot.  Didn't really matter, I devoured it :)  It was really good.The decor is full of metal, glass and warm wood influence and very appealing in general.The service was incredibly good which is why I pushed this review to the 4 star level.  Our waitress knew all the cheese lingo and was very knowledgeable and accommodating with the drink menu as well.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant... period.  The Deckle (sp?) and Bread Pudding are the bees knees!  I recently moved back to Nashville, TN and can't wait for a visit to this place!  It really is so amazing...
3	Don't get me wrong I still love Customshop but my experience the last time I was here was meh.  It was a busy Friday night and being a former waitress I can understand being in the weeds, but my table was definitely sacrificed.  I was so excited to have the carpaccio it is one of my favorite things on the menu but it never came, are dirty martini's were not dirty - and the food overall was just blah this time around.  i guess it was just an off night.  The table next to us seemed to have a similar experience.
3	Oh Customshop. I really wanted to love you. I have been hearing incredible things from my sister for awhile now and last night I finally had the opportunity to try it out. I would like to start by saying that I immediately liked the atmosphere and decor upon entering. We told the hostess we did not have reservations and she said it was no problem, they had a cancellation and could seat us right away.  Once seated we were immediately greeted by our  friendly server and ordered two dirty vodka martinis. Unfortunately  things kind of went down hill from there.Our martinis were not dirty as we had ordered them, but we were ok with that and drank them anyway. We ordered a cheese plate and beef carpaccio to start. The cheese plate was only so-so and we actually never received our Carpaccio. We would have said something, but we didn't see our server again for quite awhile (it was extremely busy) and at the point that we did, our entrees had arrived, so we figured it wasn't worth it.Our entrees were ok. Not anything memorable. The ricotta gnocchi was clearly made fresh but the sauce was extremely bland. While eating, we heard the table next to us say something to the server about their gnocchi dish. The server returned to their table with the bowl of gnocchi and told the table that the chef said it was supposed to be that way. ??  That really rubbed me the wrong ways. People pay good money to go out to eat and expect to enjoy their food. This man was in no way being unreasonable or making a fuss. He just didn't think his food tasted good. You would think the chef would want to make this right? Hmm...Overall, I think there is potential for this place to be great! It seems like so many people have awesome experiences here and perhaps we just caught them on an off night. I would definitely give it another chance. I'll update my review when I do.
4	UPDATED 8/2012I went once for brunch and the food was good, I thought the prices were moderate. A dinner experience there was a lot of fun; the food was very good (octopus with bar b q sauce, strange as it sounds it was real tasty as a starter) wine selection was OK and moderate in price. I would not describe this as an upscale place or put it in the same category as Carpe Diem across the street. The service was typical for what can best be described as an "East Village" type of restaurant. The only caveat I would pass along is not to sit in the first three booths by the door, it can be annoying with people coming and going.I would go back especialy those times I want a modern hippie experience and a good time..
2	The customshop is a fail unless you love hollandaise sauce. If not, you should stay at home. Looking at the menu you wonder if maybe hollandaise was on sale or it was the chefs best dish in culinary school. I thought the grits would be safe but no they came covered in hollandaise sauce.
2	I don't like to be the guy who goes into a place one time and leaves a negative review.  If I have a bad experience I typically hold off reviewing and give the place another chance.  I didn't even get past the hostess stand at Customshop and I'm not sure that I will ever be back to try again.  We've been talking about giving Customshop a try for a while now and decided last week to go for dinner while we were in the area.  Considering that it was 7:30 on a Friday and we had no reservation, our hopes weren't high that we'd get a seat, but it never hurts to try.  As expected, there were no available tables.  No big deal.  Like I said, it was expected.  Here's the problem:  don't talk about what you can't do for me  right in front of me.  Step away from the hostess stand, study your table map, confer with each other, pretend that you're trying to find a table for me--you know me, the guy who pays your salary?--pretend that you actually care.  Instead, a scowling and apparently harried waiter shot down every idea that the two slightly more--though not completely--helpful hostesses presented him with.  Poor form, indeed.  If this is the type of servers that are hired to work here, I'm glad that I didn't have to endure it for an entire meal.  What restaurant managers and owners need to understand is that uniqueness does not reign in Charlotte.  Chances are quite high that another restaurant 2 blocks away is serving the same type food in the same type atmosphere.  You've got to pull me in with service.
3	Good food and good atmosphere. Can get pricey but quality is consistent.
4	Went to Customshop for anniversary dinner last night.  We were not disappointed!  Our server was very attentive and answered all our questions.  The recommended wine was great and she served a generous pour. I had the pork chop which was awesome and my husband raved about the ribeye.  We will definitely go back.
4	Customshop is, by a fairly wide margin, my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I have eaten there dozens of times and have only once had a dish that was disappointing (a duck dish that had nice flavor but was chewy). That said, the service is ridiculously inconsistent. Some of the waiters I've had over the years have been unengaged, and others have been exceptional (though I've never had one anywhere in between). Some visits the kitchen seems to take forever to get the food out. In spite of the service, I will keep coming back because the food is on a different level from anything else I've had in Charlotte. I can sympathize with the negative reviews, but highly recommend looking past them. The food is worth it.
5	Been here twice, once with my wife for our wedding anniversary and again to celebrate my Grandfathers 90th. Loved it both times. I was able to get a rare seared duck breast, made me happy! Wine was great and atmosphere is a 5*. On the downside I was not terribly impressed with the service, seemed a little snotty at first, maybe what I would expect in NYC but not in Charlotte. Staff warmed up immediately after we found out we had mutual friends but.....
5	Birthday dinner last night. Amazing food and Service!  Thanks for the fun with the table behind us. Your the best.!
3	Went for breakfast and had a frittata which chorizo ricatta roasted tomatoes. It was full of flavor and very light.
5	Love the brunch menu & atmosphere! Wish the bottomless mimosas were cheaper and you could get the carafe like in the good ol'days ... FANTASTIC bread pudding for dessert! Great dinner place too.
3	Customshop looks awesome. It's like the book you pick up because it has the coolest cover on the shelf. It's not just a fancy picture, it's a hand-carved work of art.Then you open the book and you really get going - some of the items on the menu are the kind of things that really get your mouth watering. Others are so-so, but you can almost always find something that will be interesting.About then you realize that you probably haven't seen a server for a little while because your glass is no longer full. The last time you did, they were nice - really nice, in fact. But it's been a while. Then you notice the price. At least you got to enjoy the scenery, right?
5	We went for Sunday brunch. We had a terrific experience. The little street is super cute. We sat outside on the awesome patio. Everyone loved what they had. I LOVED the Norwegian eggs. Definitely in my top 10 ten best brunch dishes I've ever eaten.Very hipster service. Honest, nice, friendly, yet not sugary southern. We glanced over the cocktail and dinner menu. Looks awesome! Excited to go back!
4	When I entered this establishment at 645pm, I was the only customer on a Tuesday until the rest of my party arrived.  The bartender was very cool.  We were sat immediately and our waiter was attentive and friendly.  Strangely we were sat right next to another party of 4, even though no one else was present.  They were extremely obnoxious!We ordered from the charcuterie offerings to get things started.  All the descriptions of the items were spot on to the actual offerings.  Just thought the food offering was just not enough for the 4 of us.Entrees took a good 30 minutes due to the slow retherm of the short rib entree, which was sous vide cooking.  All well, but it would have been nice to have been told that information at the time of ordering, not when we looked like we were being ignored.Food presentation was well executed except for the pasta dish which was tossed together just like at Olive Garden.  And what is up with serving tail shells in a pasta dish? Or for any other dish that is not finger food? Really now!All my co-diners enjoyed and complimented their entree.  I asked about an ingredient in mine and got a pretentious answer that made me realize that this waiter thought over expressing the preparation of my dish was his way of expressing his knowledge and sounding good, but to a 30yr classically trained chef, he looked foolish.We will go back to experiment with more options soon.  Stay tuned!
3	I really want to love this place, perhaps the starters set the bar too high...Pork belly and the cheese and charcuterie (which provides no place to hide) were simply excellent. The entree was fair but lacking and the desert was a solid souffle but I was expecting more.Service was good and the coffee was also of a high standard but at this level I was expecting something extra (perhaps a small biscotti) that was missing.
4	After a couple of just ok dinner experiences - mainly due to service issues - we decided to give Sunday brunch a try.  We were the first ones there when they opened at 10:00, and we were still the only ones there when we left.  Maybe that's why we had great service?  Whatever the reason, I'll  take it!I've always loved the atmosphere - exposed brick, black and caramel booths/tables, cozy feel.  For brunch, we were greeted with warm scones and boysenberry jam.  YUM.  I got the marscapone and blueberry french toast ($12).  I don't normally like a mouthful of whole blueberries, but these were warm and delicious, and the marscapone gave it just enough creaminess.  I almost didn't even need the maple syrup.  My fella got the eggs benedict ($12) and loved that the poached eggs weren't runny.   It also came with prosciutto instead of canadian bacon, which was a neat twist, but they were a little stingy on the meat.  I also need to give the coffee a special award; it was rich and delicious.  Then again, it oughta be for $3.50.  I also need to point out the fantastic soundtrack.  It's a nice start to the day to listen to Pink Floyd, The Doors, Jimi Hendrix, Johnny Cash and The Allman Brothers.  We'll definitely give dinner another chance soon and hope it lives up to brunch.
4	I had the distinct pleasure of dining at Customshop last Friday. The weather was icy and foreign to Charlotte. When we called earlier, they said they would be closing at 10p. Deep in conversation, the staff patiently waited and did not rush us out as we were there well past 10p. We selected several cheese and charcuteries and begin with malbacs and smooth  bordeaux (a must try)!We shared the duck breast. I read reviews about it being cooked in a variety of ways and my date was kind enough to ask for recommendations, per the chef that evening. We requested it med. well and it was more undercooked. I would definitely return to try more items as the atmosphere was very sleek and romantic and service was impeccable!
1	So, I have to start with the good - the food actually tasted pretty good. I suppose you're thinking, Heather, good tasting food should equal more than 1 star. Well, you'd be wrong, sir.  I have no issues paying higher prices for excellent food but with that I certainly expect a good experience to go along with the price tag. I don't mean to toot my own horn but I'm not a bad home chef so going out to eat is more than just tasty food. I want a relaxing, comfortable, exciting and yes, tasty experience. Only having one of those criteria do not justify a $100 tab. I made reservations a week ahead of time for a Saturday night. It was for the manperson/meateater's birthday.  I'd heard (and they promote on their website) that they have a chef who formerly worked in a vegetarian kitchen and would cater to special diets. Word up! I mentioned to the hostess I'm vegan and she said she'd make a note of it under our reservations. We arrived about 10 minutes ahead of our reservation time. Of course I expected it to be busy but there is NO waiting room. Well, there is room to stand but it is awkward and you're constantly shifting about to make room for people to enter/leave. They do have an outside area which I assume is nice in the spring or fall but not when it's 30 degrees outside. I told the hostess our name and she said it would be no problem, it would be a few minutes for our table. Whatevs, no biggie. Wait, no biggie until people came in AFTER us with NO reservations and are sat ahead of us. I don't know if she was confused, had marked a specific table for us or what but that is not ok. Anyway, the wait wasn't terribly long and we made our way to a 2-top that was painfully close to another 2-top. It's a small room; I understand they have to make room for as many tables as possible. It took about 10 minutes before we got a drink order, another 10 for drinks to arrive. Server completely lacked any personality and seemed annoyed to be there. Honestly, they seemed short-staffed and I know that's frustrating but cheer up pup, you still have to pretend to be happy to serve us dinner.  I told him I was vegan , "no problem". Then I said my dining partner was going to do a salad and main dish, could the chef also do a salad and main for me . Silly me, I assumed he was listening. About 20 minutes later manperson's salad arrived, nothing for me. We didn't see our server for another 10 minutes or so and I just gave up at this point. We had to flag someone else over to get water and a replacement fork for one dropped on the floor. Entrees arrived. He ordered a ribeye with blue cheese and they brought me (I kid you not) a plate of random veggies in a tomato sauce. No grain. No protein. Essentially a side dish of about 3/4cup of veggies that they charged $17 for. Give.Me.A.Break. This is what a place that yaks about their vegetarian chef comes up with? Pathetic. We'll wrap this up now as I'm getting irritated with the whole experience almost a week later but in summary - overpriced, pretentious, crap service. Spend your money elsewhere.
5	I've been to Customshop 3 times now and I wanted to make sure my first experiences were not an anomaly before I posted. This is hands down one of the top restaurants in Charlotte and one of only a few that I consider a true "foodie" spot. Lets start with the atmosphere since that is what we see first... very cozy with a speakeasy kind of vibe. Small enough to feel like you're part of an insider crowd, but not too small that you're eating on top of the table next to you.Next up, menu and wine list... here is where Customshop really shines. They are not afraid to get creative with their dishes - not total mainstream like many other places in CLT, but also not over the top eclectic that you have to pick and just go on blind faith that what comes out on the plate will be enjoyable. Best of all, they have a wine list that matches the menu and atmosphere - go figure, one place in town actually tries to harmonize the main ingredients of a restaurant! Again, not a complete geeky wine list that makes you feel intimidated, but not the usual Harris Teeter selection at 3x the grocery store price.Last, and most important, the food and service. All 3 times I've had great service - no empty glasses, long waits or issues with the orders. The food has always been great, with individual dishes ranging from my personal bests in CLT to at very least way above average. Oh, and the bread pudding is sick! In a good way, like you eat so much of it because its that good and you get sick when your body stops receiving that goodness.Long review, I know, but in a town that really lacks good restaurants that can put it all together - atmosphere, harmony between the menu and wine list, and great service, Customshop stands out. At least in my book.
4	Awesome spot located right on Trade/Elizabeth near Carpe Diem.  There is parking on the street.  I have been here several times - love the atmosphere and decor.  Service is fantastic and knowledgeable about the wine, the beer - everything.  They won't have a beer menu because they cycle craft beers through regularly.  Don't ask for an average beer here.  What they have is much better, free your mind!!!We had the charcuterie platter - you can pick a few meats and cheeses from several options.  Served on a great platter with flair - they also plunk on complimenting chutneys or caramelized onions.  Yum!I had the scallops for dinner - perfectly cooked served with squash and mushrooms.  Sooooo good!!  This is just a great place for a date night - highly recommend.  P.S. If anyone from Customshop reads this - could you pretty please turn the heat on in the winter?!?!  I was a frozen Chick-cicle!!!
5	Great place , this food and menu is different and refreshing.  Had the BBQ octopus as app, ribeye and whole fish as entree and bread pudding for dessert.  Food was insanely good, service was great and atmosphere was great , don't miss this great restaurant.
4	A highly frequented place by me. Love the seasonal menu. Fall's Pumpkin Gnocchi w/ ox tail ragu is my favorite. The duck is succulent, prepared chef's choice. The BBQ octopus, oysters and beef carpaccio are top options for apps. Did I mention the complimentary focaccia? Awesome fill for my inner "carb queen"! And the wine list  includes great selections.Update Fall'13: Smoked Skirt Steak is a must try! Absolutely delicious!
4	The food here is really good, the service is eh.  But I am giving this 4 stars because the food really was just that good.  The bread pudding was the best I've ever had and I don't LOVE bread pudding-- but I LOVED this one.  Also, they make their own ice creams and their are delicious.  The fish I had was extremely fresh. I am no food critic, but I did grow up on the East Coast beaches of NC, so I can say with certainty the fish is fresh.  I love that they use local vendors for most of the food and the atmosphere of the restaurant is cozy and hip.  My complaint, the service.  Flighty is a word that comes to mind.  The food took a really long time to come out and I have yet to figure out if that was the kitchen staff OR our waiter not putting our order in on time.All that said, this is a place I will most certainly come back to.
4	Wanting to step our of my comfort zone, hubby and I ventured over to Customshop on a Monday nite.  Few people there at 6:30.  Were seated promptly and it just got better and better from there.  Ordered a nice red blend wine (wines are a little pricey) - asked waitress is they have 1/2 priced wine (worth a shot) - she looked down her nose and said we don't do that - this was the only low spot of the evening.  Ordered a wonder cheese platter - who would have thought that cheddar cheese dipped in honey was so good!  So we decided to just work our way through little bites.  Olives were awesome as was the butter lettuce salad and carpacio.  Highlight was the PB&J ice cream - how do you describe pure heaven melting in your mouth.  Peanut butter and jelly swirls in creamy ice cream.  Have to go back again just to try these homemade delights.  Highly recommend Customshop - just don't ask about 1/2 priced anything!
1	Cold food. Two bites of the entree. Wait staff took my plate, said nothing. Enough said.
5	Yep, still tasty. I came here for an early brunch the other day, sat outside in the sunshine and had some delicious salmon and eggs over a potato cake sort of thing. Definitely a good pick. I really like this menu because they have many, many items that are ideal for various definitions of "clean eating". Lots of locally raised meats and interesting combinations of veggies, and an emphasis on veggies as sides rather than bread and starch. I like also that they have a lot of small plates in case you're not as hungry, or just indecisive. The service is great, the coffee is excellent.
4	My fiance and I went to the Custom Shop for my birthday dinner and it brought a good end to a great birthday.  The service was perfect - attentive yet not intrusive, and we both loved our dishes.  The menu changes frequently so there's ample opportunity to try something new.  They also offer fresh baked bread that is SO GOOD, the server didn't even judge when I asked for more like 10 times!
5	Was able to walk in on Mother's Day and get a seat on the small (very small) front patio for brunch.  Ordered chorizo fritatta which was really good with just a nice kick from the chorizo.  Used the Elderflower Mimosa to tame the spice - and just to make sure the fire was all out - have another Mimosa - hey it was Mom's Day and Mom wanted a Mimosa!  All in all, very nice brunch.  Only complaint was for sweet potato hash and rib eye, rib eye was very fatty and not that flavorful which was odd - think it needed more seasoning during the grilling process - was just not very flavorful for that cut of meat.
1	Went there for the first time for a couple of drinks before heading to Visulite.  Sat at the bar.  My wife wanted a martini.  Although they weren't on the menu, the bartender made one up.  That's the good part.  The not so good: it was about half full and only once we got the bill did we realize they were $12 apiece.  Combined with my weak mixed drinks, a $50 (with tip) tab for four mediocre drinks left us with a sour taste in our mouths.  Sitting at the end of the bar next to the door is esp awkward.  Having people hover around you is not what anyone would want.  Instead of cramming in as many tables as possible, perhaps they should have inlcuded a little more room for people to, I don't know, get in the door and wait to be seated.The food might be great but I'm in no hurry to go back and find out.
5	Somewhere in the sea of restaurants that get lost and inevitably closed in Charlotte you start to lose focus on why the really great ones work- because certainly you have a lot of options- but those are options that you can sort of bounce around to and then never really depend on as a repeat guest- but I think that is what makes Customshop work..The menu is trendy without being over bearing- it changes but not so much that you lose what you LOVE- you may lose what you like but the niche that is removed is filled accordingly-  most notably the Lamb Cheek was so good I nearly set up a battle line so I could hog it from my date.  Everyone around us talked about the Ribeye Deckle- which was better than even they had portrayed it to be- eventually I had to give in to sharing so we ordered two..The service was just casual enough- I think of it as sort of Brooklyn-esque- Scott was fantastic and really made it seem like we had met him a dozen times before..  I would recommend asking for him- I couldn't believe how comfortable the whole scene was- as busy as it got he never flinched or harried anything..  The Chef came by the table to make sure the cheeks were good- he was incredibly humble which was nice because I had shamed myself by vaporizing his cooking..Overall I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely return to this restaurant..
4	We went for a date night last week and really enjoyed the vibe and the food.Small restaurant with an intimate bar setting and low lights. It kind of reminds me of a restaurant you'd find in NYC's lower east side.We started with a red Cotes du Rhone and a charcuterie of chicken liver pate, fromage and prosciutto. YUM!Second course was a medium rare duck breast for me and a medium rate pork chop for him. Seriously, some of the best duck I have ever had and his pork chop was HUGE. You will want to order a side dish, as the entrees don't have much on the plate except the protein. We ordered fingerling potatoes and they were cooked perfectly.The service was on point and the waiter had lots of nice suggestions.Good place for a ladies night or date night. Great wine and cocktail selection. Wouldn't necessarily bring a small child here, but I don't think anyone would mind if you did, as long as he/she sat quietly and was willing to eat pate ;)
5	We have been to Customshop a few times recently...and last night was terrific...again.  I had tilefish with favabeans that were so perfectly cooked and so flavorful I might never forget it!My husband and his buddy ordered the steak and they were both shocked at how interesting the cut was and how crisp the outside was and how moist and tender and flavorful the inside was.  Our buddy's wife had a pasta dish which she really liked, too.I'm always amazed at the small, wonderful restaurants we have in Charlotte.  Keep up the fine work you're doing, Customshop...we'll be back!Oh, and Chip, our server, was knowledgeable, pleasant and professional.  Nice work.
4	This is one of my favorite local restaurants in Charlotte.  Good food in a nice atmosphere. I love the octopus and the yellow fin tuna.
4	This was my first visit to the Customshop and I really enjoyed it. I love the area and the intimate setting. I ended up having a couple of small plates vs. a full meal. I started with the pork belly because that's what I do - I order pork belly.  And then I had the lamb cheeks and lamb sausage.  Both were good.  I would've liked the pork belly to be a tad more tender both the flavors were there.  I really enjoyed the lamb cheeks and sausage. The service was great, we sat at the bar and Christina, the bartender, was awesome. I'd definitely be back - perhaps for brunch!
3	Went here for brunch on Sunday.  Truthfully I wasn't very impressed.  The place was rather empty for a "brunch rush" time and yet the employees seemed annoyed that we even showed up.  Maybe they were hoping to get by with not having to work the entire day but it made for a very awkward first impression.I should have known I was in for a "treat" when the server brought over two complimentary, microscopic scones to kick start our great brunch experience.  They were freakin GOOD but I needed chopsticks to pick them up.  They were soooo itty bitty.The menu was limited and the prices were on the high end, especially after I saw the portions.  I ordered the frittata and it had chorizo, ricotta and potatoes in it.  There was three pieces of chorizo---seriously, I counted, the cheese was so bland and flavorless it should have been left off and there were 3 potatoes that were hard and crunchy, which made no sense.  It was a small portion so needless to say I was still hungry after my 5 bites.My husband ordered the benedict which he seemed to enjoy but again, he left hungry.  The benedict was served with a side of potatoes and I think I counted 5 on his plate.  That's just brutal...no getting around it.I get that this place is more upscale and the food is supposed to be top of the line but I am confident there are better brunch places with just as good of quality (if not better), where you will leave satisfied and not broke.  Zada Janes is just about 5 minutes away...just sayin'...I wouldn't come back unless invited by others.
5	This is one of the very few Charlotte restaurants that I would dare take my foodie friends to. To those who complain about the service, I suspect that they don't understand what they're ordering, how to not treat servers like servants, and generally act like they're at Olive Garden. Grow up people, this place is great and deserves much higher ratings based on the simple fact that it's not the same old Charlotte old american staples. They serve food you can't get anywhere else in Charlotte and much more like what you might find in San Francisco or NYC.
3	I really liked the idea of this restaurant, locally sourced food and an ever changing menu to accommodate ingredients. Although the overall Yelp rating is middling, it seems alot of the lower reviews were from a couple of years ago and more recent reviewers were stronger, so I was excited to try Customshop.Unfortunately, my meal in November 2013 was uneven. Some dishes were 5-star and some were 2-star. Four small plates, two cocktails, one dessert and one coffee ran $80, which was fair.The space is small and attractive. I made an Open Table reservation a couple of days ahead, but apparently you have to reserve even further ahead than that to get a booth. Fair enough, and a small table (enough room for two water glasses, two drink glasses, two small plates, and one entree) is usually fine for the "tapas" option we were having as I was expecting the dishes to be brought out one at a time. Unfortunately, three of the small plates were ordered were all brought out at the same time. I ended up having to eat my pork belly, which was hot, before my burrata di buffalo, which was cold.Had I known everything was going to be brought out when we ordered it I would have ordered the dishes one at a time in the order I wanted to eat them.In terms of quality, from high to low, I had:5-star: Bread pudding. Probably the best I have had, and I have bread pudding whenever it is on the menu. The bread was moist and all of the sweet buttery goodness of flavor was captured in the bread - no syrup or sauce poured over. 5-star: Beef carpaccio. Simply presented with salt, pepper, oil, and fresh horseradish, but wonderfully melt-in-your-mouth tender and flavorful. I was left wanting much much more of this.4-star: Shrimp ceviche. Carolina shrimp were tender but the promised heat from the jalapeno was not there. Could also have used a spoon to work with the sauce.2-star: Pork belly. Unevenly cooked and underseasoned. A big disappointment.2-star: Burrata di bufala with roasted beets and pistachios. The burrata was bland and the beets exhibited little roasting flavor. The best part of this dish was the arugula salad which housed the pistachios.I would love to give Customshop another try, though with many good restaurants to choose from in Charlotte I do not know if I will be able to.
5	OK so you;ve heard it over and over but the best bread pushing can be found here. Not to mention really nicely prepared seafood, both cooked and Crudo. Pasta- which is always hard to beat. I know it's a lot of gushing but this place is a go-to. Wanted to try a bunch f other places in Charlotte but it keeps calling me back.
5	What a terrific meal!  We loved the menu from the pate, to the beef carpaccio, to the scallops, everything was well prepared and tasty. Make sure to order the brussel sprout side, it was amazing!
3	Creative food, poor service. Spent close to an hour between appetizers and the main entries.
3	A great location for a restaurant that offers great promise. The problem Customshop has is consistency! Our course came out at different time for different members of our 4 guest party, sometimes as much as 5 minutes between when the first person got their plate until the last.  Some of the food was outstanding, the BBQ octopus, some had no flavor at all, the spicy tuna meatballs. Some would have been excellent, the duck breast, if there was enough sauce to go with the nice sized portion.  All this coupled with service that mirrored the food. There were times when it was attentive and professional and others, they must cherish their water because trying to get a refill is a chore, that the servers seemed pre occupied with the theory of relativity.  Customshop has great promise if it only had consistency
5	Wow, Customshop impressed us! My husband and I didn't travel for the holidays and we decided to try a new restaurant for Christmas Eve. It had been a while since my last visit (Elite event way back in the day) and I thought this may be a good, quiet place to dine. It was fantastic.We made reservations, which are recommended...and if you want a booth, supposedly you have to make those months in advance. Who knows where they'll be eating that far in advance? Not this girl. Anyway, the tables were fine although a booth would have been slightly cozier. The service was great! Attentive, but not intrusive and in no way did we ever feel rushed. The wine list was extensive, but not overwhelming. We started with the cheese plate followed by our main entree and vegetables. It was just the right amount and made deliciously! I had the scallops and they were divine! Besides the quality of the food, the ambiance and visual presentation is top notch. The decor is rustic, yet classy. They know how to set the mood with dim lighting and dining by candlelight. The food is thoughtfully placed on the dishes and is picture perfect and ready to eat.I love that this place is local and rotates its menu to reflect what food is seasonal. I also like that they support area farms and add where they get their items on the bottom of their menu. It's like a win-win-win: us-them-community. Yay.It's a new local favorite and I'm sorry it took me so long to return. Now that it's on the list of great places, we'll be back soon and happy to recommend to others.
4	Absolutely delicious!We had reservations on a Sunday night, but they weren't necessary. The restaurant was almost empty, but I don't understand why!I started dinner off with a tequila cocktail. It was pretty sweet, but you could still taste the tequila. My party shared the charcuterie, but it wasn't very special. Probably the one thing on the table that wasn't necessary. The Brussel sprouts were delicious. They had lots of flavor. And the Tuna (main dish) didn't disappoint either. The sauce that comes with the fish, covering the cauliflower was amazing!  I couldn't get enough of it. The rabbit confit and pasta was a star at our table. It tied for first place with the Pork Belly (small plate). The Pork Belly had the perfect glaze on it!  It was crunchy, but it still melted in your mouth. I can't wait to head back. Thanks for the yummy meal!
5	The owner/chef came over to our table and sent out amazing selections all night long. Some things I would have never ordered on my own but so glad I tried them. Everything was delicious and I want to go back again. I love restaurants that serve high quality, fresh food.
3	I hadn't been to Customshop in a couple of years and since my husband and I were over in Elizabeth we decided to give it another try.  The restaurant is lovely and the service was great but unfortunately the food was not.  Based on a quick glance at the yelp reviews and a few recommendations from the bartender (we sat at the bar which I actually really enjoyed) we ordered the BBQ octopus, brussel sprouts, and the ricotta gnocchi with butternut squash.  I'd never had octopus before, but based on the bartender's recommendation we went for it. Neither my husband or I enjoyed it, but I will note that there is the potential that we just don't like octopus. The brussel sprouts were fine, but honestly just sauteed without much seasoning. The ricotta gnocchi was my least favorite. Ricotta is already bland and nothing in the dish changed that.  I enjoyed the ambiance and service at Customshop, but unfortunately the food was not worth it.
5	Brussel sprouts, Fingerling Potatoes, Rib Eye Deckle are my faves here. So is the cheese plate and brunch. I'll mention that I'm not a bread pudding fan, but I get it here because it has got to be one of the best in town.I repeat, their bread pudding has got to be one of the best in town.There's parking at the lot across the street; or along the side street adjacent to the building.
4	We tried Customshop the other night and definitely enjoyed our meal. Our server was helpful in guiding us towards some things we might like.We started out with 2 small plates: Little Neck Clams in an Oxtail Ragu and the Pork Belly which were both delicious. I had the Ricotta Gnocchi which was good but the Kale that was paired with it was a little undercooked for my taste. My husband had the ribeye deckle and it was delicious. Definitely get the side dish of brussel sprouts they are fantastic. We finished off with the banana bread pudding which was delicious. All in all it was a great meal.
3	So, it has been years since I have been to Customershop, but we decided to make a date night of an old favorite.  We arrived around 6:30 and there were a few other tables taken.  We were seated against the window, in a booth, which was nice.  Unfortunatey a party of over 15 girls, maybe for a girls dinner, arrived and were seated next to us, which I have no issue, but the place is small so the noise level was very hard.  I felt like the two of us were screaming at each other just to have a conversation. We started with the pork belly and tuna appetizer.  I have never had pork belly so it wasn't something I enjoyed by my date did.  The tuna was amazing, something we both loved!  After two more drinks we decided to order one small plate and one entree to share.  The menu, unfortunately, is very limited..meat centric, and was told they were out of the Tuna.  So, not too many options for me, but the special was a Tile Fish. We chose the skirt steak appetizer and the Tile fish entree. Both were SO overcooked.  The skirt steak had a nice flavor, but needs to be cooked right and sliced correctly to be good.  The tile fish was so overdone is was disappointing.  I think I would return for a drink and appetizer, but was not impressed with the entree menu and the entrees were experienced that evening.
3	I really want to give this place two stars, but the touch of complimentary service brings this place up to three stars.Came here after work on a Tuesday last month to meet up a couple of friends and try out their happy hour/appetizer menu.FOOD - We tried a bevy of appetizers to go with our drinks while sitting at the bar.  Maybe it was our selection, but everything just kinda tasted the same.  What a misnomer, huh?  Should be Customshop Blandcrafted Food.  Without going through the apps, the one item I thought was really good is the carpaccio.  Wasabi-fiends would appreciate the hint of wasabi on the carpaccio, it really gives it a good kick (and takes care of allergies).SERVICE - Maybe we looked like a couple of fatties or something, but the bartender brought us out a free skirt steak to enjoy.  Literally get an extra star for that.  It's not so much the free factor, but they saw we were having a good time, the alcohol was flowing, and really just trying all the food.  Bold and confident to be like, "Yo, try this steak out, son - it's bomb-deez!"  Okay, bartender didn't say it in those words, but you get the drift.AMBIANCE - Tuesday hh is dead, or at least, the day that we went.  I probably won't suggest this place, but wouldn't mind returning here if some peeps wanted to go here.  That's almost strictly for the carpaccio.dmo out
5	Great service for our large party. The food was fantastic! I haven't been in years and it was worth the trip.
4	The rabbit and candied lentils was amazing. I dream of eating that dish again.
4	Great atmosphere. The porkbellies are amazing! Had a nice cheese board. Also the Spicey Octopuss was interestingly very good.Will be back.
4	We dined at Customshop last night, in somewhat of a hurry to get to a show on time. The server was very attentive (granted, there were only a few other tables seated), and very knowledgeable of the menu! The food came out fast, and we were thoroughly impressed.  We ate the Seared Tuna (an amazing romesco sauce), and had 2 small plates of brussel sprouts and the Plaza Midwood mushrooms. We would have ordered more, had we had the time! We got out of there with time to spare to get to the show - had a great experience overall!
2	This was the first restaurant me and my wife came to upon moving to Charlotte, and we had good food and a great time. Recently we returned expecting more of the same, but that is not at all what we got. At some point they totally changed up the menu from fine dining to more of a overpriced tapas mess.They still listed a few entrees, so I ordered scallops from the entree menu. The restaurant was not busy but our food took a half hour to come out, our waiter was trying and came over to tell us he had checked on the food and it would be out soon.When the food finally came, there were exactly 2 scallops on the plate and the meal was $27.Seriously, $27 for 2 scallops and they took a half an hour.Silly.
4	I really like this place.  I like eating farm to table and the atmosphere is cool.  Acoustics can be a little challenging and the 2-tops close to your neighbor!  But the food is excellent and the service is top-notch.  I always order whatever the wait staff suggests and have never been disappointed.  I love turning people on to this hidden gem.
1	This was a very disappointing dinner. Went here when it first opened and remembered it as pretty cool and food was decent. New to town and brought a friend from out of town hoping to get a decent meal. Had the buratta and beet appetizer. Beets were way undercooked- hard and inedible. Buratta was not even buratta- it was frozen motzorella.  Entrees were all very bland- special duck was extremely bland. Pastas were just as bad with no seasoning or flavor. Ordering wine was a special task in itself as they were out of the first two we ordered. Didn't really seem like anyone cared here. Service was ok and waitress was nice but seriously- for the price... There are much better places to go. We will never go back.
5	Love the drinks. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. It isn't easy to get a reservation here on peak nights, but if you do, its worth it. I love the hopping energy in the small dining room. It is a bit hipster, but in the best way possible. The charcuterie was awesome and the drinks we really cool. I love drinks that come in the old style champagne glasses. Everything we ordered was super tasty.I am willing to pay for good experiences and this was one I remember. I will be back.
5	Sometimes tough to get a reservation, but typically no problem with adequate planning. They have the most creative and delicious menu in the city and the building/location is remarkable as well. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte!
