4	Stopped in for lunch after tea at Barrique's next door. K Peppers is a new establishment. I thought it was decorated nicely, if a bit sparse. It definitely has that new restaurant feel. It's just lacking a bit of coziness that comes with long time residence. The waitstaff was really attentive and helpful. They were more than willing to talk about entree choices, which is helpful for those of us that are not familiar with Korean cuisine. I ordered the Kim chi Jjigae, a flavorful soup with kimchi, tofu and veggies. It also came with Banchan(which are little side dishes. These included kimchi, and lovely marinated cucumbers, for example) and rice. It was flavorful and spicy, but not so spicy that I couldn't enjoy the dish. I'm no expert on "authentic" Korean food. I would imagine that a restaurant that puts "fusion" in the tag line of their menu, comes with a twist, anyhow. All I know is that the food was fresh and yummy, service was great, and that I'll be back soon!
5	our workplace cafe is being remodeled this week, so we are forced to venture out to get sustenance. i happened upon a local review of this new restaurant, and my lunchmate's been to korea, so we decided to give it a try.it was absolutely remarkable. the interior of the restaurant is very clean and welcoming, the two men working were very attentive; one asked if i didn't like the sauce for the bibimbap because i hadn't mixed it in yet. i assured him that i would like it, i just hadn't gotten that far yet.the kimchi was good, it tasted better after i had gotten to other flavors. there was also a cucumber kimchi, potato soaked with syrup, and a macaroni salad. this also comes with a bowl of miso soup.i could not finish all of the food and happily boxed up the rest for leftovers.
4	We stopped in for a late lunch on a Saturday. The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated. The staff was attentive and friendly.We started with hot tea (Chinese black tea and a green tea) and the rice and bean curd appetizer. The appetizer was light and tasty.I can't remember the name of my dish, but it was beef, green onions, egg and glass noodles in a beef broth. Absolutely delicious. I went for a "3" on their spicy scale, it was perfect.My partner had the pork bulgogi, also wonderful. I enjoyed the banchan, especially fried vegetables with spicy sauce.I wish I lived closer, I would eat here all the time!
4	I'd been meaning to try some Korean food for a while now and discovered this place.  From my non-expert research it seemed like bulgogi or bibimbap were the way to go.  I had pork bulgogi, one friend had the beef bulgogi, and the other had samgyubsai which is particularly porky pork side.  Pretty dang tasty.  I ordered my bulgogi a 3 on a scale of 1-5 in hotness and it was about as spicy as you'd want anything to be--plenty fiery but the spice didn't overpower the other flavors.  I'd advise lower numbers if you're not looking for something legitimately spicy.  They also give you a bunch of side dishes: kimchi, cole slaw, a kind of tempura broccoli, a fish cake thing, and a fritter with sweet sauce.  I'm no kimchi expert but it was pretty good.  So, add me to the list of fans of this place.  Definitely worth going to!
4	I was super excited to see a Korean restaurant open near my neighborhood. It's a small space for a sit down restaurant, but the atmosphere is cozy. Korean food may be my favorite cuisine and K Peppers does a great job in serving authentic dishes. They also let you pick your level of spiciness (1-5) and it's one of the few places where order it at the extra spicy level actually packs enough heat for me. I recommend the pork bulgogi, although it can get messy with the lettuce wraps. I've also had the bibambap and it was also tasty, but the portions were smaller than other Korean restaurants. I'm not a big eater, but it's rare for me to actually clear my entire plate.Most recently, I tried one of their spicy seafood soups. It was fantastic and tasted even better reheated the next day.The only complaint I have is that the prices were high for the portion size. It may be better for lunch, but they only serve that Monday through Friday. Saturday lunch is dinner menu only, which kind of make you feel like their trying to chisel a little extra out of you because it's the weekend. I'd rather see them lower the prices to match the portion size or increase the portions to match the price.I think fans of Korean food won't mind the price due to the high quality of dishes, but more casual diners might find it a little overpriced. I hope they make it, but I think they may be asking for too much out of the local diner's pocket to be a huge success.
5	I moved to Madison recently after having lived in bigger east coast cities that have many Korean restaurants. I love Korean food and consider it my favorite. Having been very disappointed by the other Korean restaurants in town, I was very excited to read the reviews about K Peppers. It did not disappoint! My fiance and I got excellent service and the food was authentic and delicious! We both ordered the bulgogi (he the pork and I the beef). The sauce for the pork was perfectly spicy and everything tasted very fresh. It was so good, I ordered a jab-che to-go so I could have it for lunch the next day (it was great too). To my surprise the owner of the restaurant came out himself to tell me how best to reheat my food the next day for maximum delicious-ness! K Peppers has quickly shot up in the ranks of my favorite Madison restaurants. We will be back often!
5	On a business trip in WI and wanted to try something different for supper.  I definitely found a great type of food that I have managed to miss until now.  Korean food may replace Thai as my favorite Asian food.  I had the kimchi jjigae which is a kind of cabbage stew with onions and lots of other wonderful veggies.  I had the tuna but could have chosen pork.  The tuna was wonderful and the soup brought together so many wonderful tastes and textures that I will definitely be searching for Korean food when I get back home!  I began the meal with an order of spring rolls which were crispy as few restaurants can accomplish.Service could not have been better.  If you are in Middleton, Wi and looking for some awesome combinations of subtle spices, warm and friendly service and an enjoyable evening, you should definitely try this place!
3	Excellent atmosphere, good service. Food was good, not great.The bean paste and the kimpai were too vinegary. The soup was great, but I'm a sucker for sodium. The Korean express rice with chicken was pretty average.
5	FINALLY got the man to go with me tonight! I don't know which dishes we were more enticed by...ours, or the ones at the table beside us! I got the hot stone bibimbap(well worth the extra buck for the stone bowl), and he had the Kimchi Jjigae. Our dishes both came out sizzling/boiling(literally). Our neighbors order came out on the cart, and our eyes glazed over like the saucy meat rolling by. I'm pretty sure it was bulgogi, but whatever it was...I'm ordering it next time!!!We both left with smiles on our faces, full bellies, and a raised internal body temperature!Fresh, flavorful dishes. Super friendly and helpful people. Is there anything else you could need?
4	It's billed as "Fusion Korean Cuisine" and while I don't really see the fusion here, I consider the non-fusionness a good thing.Good food here.  Many of the items are what you might see at scattered restaurants in Koreatown, and everything I've tasted has been reasonably good to very-good.  The menu's not huge but that's fine; what they do they do well, I think, which is how the best Korean restaurants generally swing.  And if you want spicy, you get spicy.  They have a scale of 1-5, and at most places I get 5, but here I got 3 and that was hot enough for me.  4-5 would be even hotter.My favorite is the spicy beef soup (listed in Korean as "haejangguk" although it's not the usual variation of haejungguk I've had at other places, no matter, it was still good.  Try it if you're hung over.)   My sister got the stone pot bibimbap, and I was pleased to see fernbraken and bellflower root, which most bibimbaps in America lack.  They also had yangnyeom chicken, which is chicken in special sauce with sweet potatoes and peanuts.  I might try that next time if I'm rich.Speaking of, what I don't like are the prices, which I take off a star for, and the decor, which I don't really take off anything for but feel like mentioning.  Decor = they try a little bit *too* hard.  It's more or less standard Korean restaurant looking, but fancy in a few odd ways.  I think of it as Americanized decor and service.The prices for menu items range from upper-end-of-average to a-little-ways-off-the-deep-end.  Yes, the quality is good, but slightly less good for the price, and the portions aren't huge.  Hot tea and sometimes sikhye (sweet rice drink) are served free at most Korean restaurants.  Here tea's an extra $1.95, which irritates me, and that sikhye stuff at the end of the meal is $2.95, though I'll let that one slide since I don't prefer it anyway.  Then refills on side dishes (of which they don't give you a lot to begin with) are an extra 25 cents each -- while that's reasonable, you get free refills at most Korean restaurants.   The side dishes also try a little bit too hard, in my opinion.  The napa & radish kimchi were good, but the broccoli didn't need to be breaded & fried (esp. since it was kinda cold), the pancake had too many extras in it and the potato salad was a bit too sweet, though the cherries were a nice touch.  Maybe lay off the rest of the sugar in that  My other gripe: they don't have brown rice. :(Three and a half, but I'm rounding up since the food quality is good.
2	Maybe it should be "con-fusion" cooking.  Or at least menu.Lots of instructions in this cozy restaurant .  Not a good sign when the front of the menu, under the name, gives owners'  definition and social ideology of the tipping process.  Sign at entrance explains that due to "energy" and "traffic" issues, they will no longer be open for lunch on Mondays. Carbon footprint problems?Much of menu contains lots of special directives, many uses of the word "NOT" and "NO" and complex instructions regarding the ordering of sides, which were never defined.Food was passable; soup tepid; not used to paying two dollars for a cup of tea with lunch special at most West Coast Korean restaurants, anyway.Waitress was a model wannabe who thought job beneath her--interrupted us frequently without excusing herself for speaking over us to ask if everything was okay--when any fool could see we were out of water and tea. Why do so many waitpeople equate good service with just showing up at table and interrupting and not anticipating what is needed?The locale has easy off street parking; very tidy inside; decor is Hello Kitty meets Pottery Barn.
3	My sweetie and I went on a Friday night, about an hour before closing.  I was enticed to go here by the many positive reviews, and I'd say.... eh, it was okay.  The service was great and the atmosphere sophisticated and cozy.  I got the bibimbap with the hot stone (it's a bowl made of stone that is heated to keep the food hot as you eat it).  Sadly, I'm pretty sure the bibimbap I've had elsewhere was more colorful and plenty more flavor than here.  Both of us dining added soy sauce, hot sauce, and ladled in soup and mushrooms from our side dishes, to make the bibimbap taste like anything.  (Also, next time, I'll forgo the hot stone because it kept my food too hot for too long!)We'll probably try again sometime, but because of the dish I ordered, the place didn't become insta-fave.
4	Website: http://www.k-peppers.com/Since the first time I was here, I've started developing an strange craving for kimchi thanks to them including a small serving with my entree.Now, at least monthly, I stop by to pick up some Kimchi Jjigae (a kimchi soup with tofu, and pork or tuna), and my wife thinks I'm obsessed (she is right).  They also started including kimchi as a optional flavor for their Korean fried rice.  The fried rice version isn't spicy, but the soup certainly can be! (edit: no more Kimchi fried rice as of 1st quarter 2012 - bring it back please!!)For any of their spicy dishes marked by a pepper on the menu (the Kimchi Jjigae is one of these), you can select the spiciness level from 1 to 5.  I made the mistake of of ordering it at a "3 spicy" the first time I had the Jjigae, and it tasted great but was a lot hotter than I was used to.  Nothing like saying "this tastes soooo awesome!", while your face is red and your eyes are watering.  I've graduated from a 1, to 1.5, to 2 spiciness now.  Point being - this seems to be a great destination for hot heads.For the other parts of their menu, I've enjoyed various appetizers.  And I really like that they include a lot of little plates of kimchi and vegetables and whatnot with the entrees.  You get to taste a bit of everything.The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is that I wish their prices were $1-2 lower.They do have takeout, which I use regularly.  10-15 minutes between calling and picking it up, so that's nice.They also use some kind of third party delivery service (that I haven't tried)  that a lot of other establishments on that side of town use - if you're looking to get it at home.  The delivery service tacks on some fees however. UPDATE: straight2yourdoor.comIf you're looking to sit down and eat, I wouldn't worry about timing.  It's been pretty dead (even empty) when I've been picking up takeout recently.  Which is a shame because they have really good food.  I hope they don't close because I need my kimchi fix.
4	I came here with a coworker... I was hesitant because I am vegetarian and I know Koreans are know for there meaty bbq BUT guess what I could eat there .. We started off with this savory crepe sort of dish that was delish, then i had the veggie bibimap or however you spell it .. to bad  I couldnt have the kimchi - its not veggie here :(  but anything with a broccoli next to it on the menu I was able to eat... Also it is decorated very well, I forgot I was in Wisconsin (hey don't judge). I felt like I was in Santa Monica or Korea Town ...
4	Had the "Haemulpajun" appetizer and "Pork Bulbogi" Both were very good! Waitress was extremely pleasant and able to explain menu items as I wasn't that familiar with the food. I'll definitely make this a stop when I'm back in town!
4	Great food. It's a bit more expensive than standard asian food, but its also quite a bit better quality (good cuts of meat/etc.). You also get a nice array of "free" starters (kim-chi, fish cake, etc.) with your meal, as is common at Korean restaurants as well. This really isn't mentioned on the menu, so will take some by surprise. I went with spice level 4, which was just right. Overall I really enjoyed the place and would recommend it.
5	Ever since I ate here, I've been craving it! dishes range between $15-$23 but def worth every penny!
4	My wife and I are unfamiliar with Korean cuisine. We love Thai, Japanese, Chinese and a good American steak from time to time. Looking for a new spot, we found K Peppers on Yelp. We checked the menu and thought it looked interesting. We came in as it opened on Saturday. We were the 1st to arrive. It's appearance was cozy, but adorned minimally. t least the walls weren't white and it's clean. After a few minutes, other couples started to pour in (all Asian -- a good sign). The sampler looked so good on Yelp we had to order it there. Everything was good, but the potato croquettes stood out. They were so delicious. The topping is mayo and ketchup -- the only condiment that would have been an improvement would have been a sweet barbecue sauce instead. We ordered the squid and shrimp bulgogi (3* Spice Level) + shrimp and bacon bibimbap (in stone bowl).  Both dishes were amazing and balanced each other quite well. The bulgogi was sweet and spicy with very tender squid, while the bibimbap was more earthy and textural (the shrimp were tiny, but tasted fine).They did serve four bonus mini-dishes with the main courses. Outside the kimchi, they were mediocre. The worst was a store-purchased potato salad with some dried cranberries thrown in. Why bother?We do plan to come back. The food was delicious, it did not cost too much and service was good. Most importantly, it helped us appreciate a new cuisine.
4	Went to lunch with a co-worker. I must say it was very good.
4	Excellent "safe" Korean.  Nothing scary on the menu. Excellent quality bulgogi - really excellent quality pork and beef.  Watch out for the spice, 2 is hot, 3 and above are killer hot (3 is inedible for me, and I'm a spice guy).  Serving sizes are pretty big.  It's an every other week place for me.Entrees include soup and 4-5 small tastings of different types of Kimchi.  I would like it if they had a full sized side of Kimchi vs. the small side.They don't do the traditional BBQ.  Still really good though.
4	Went there on a Saturday when a Badger football game was going on in the evening. So I think thats why we were the only 3 people in there. But they seemed to be having alot of carryout. First came out the free banchan along with the egg broth soup. Really enjoyed the kimchi and the fried corn things with a sweet mayo sesame dressing. The soup was well seasoned. The appetizer topokki we got with a level 4. I like heat and that wad just right. Don't want to imagine level 5 (pain). The rice cakes had a chewy texture so I recommend eating it rather quickly because they do get a little harder to chew when it cools off. Had nice flavor from the gochujang. Sweet, spicy and savory. Now to the entrees. The Bibimbap was cool in the stone pot. It kept it hot and cooked the egg when stired. The Japchae I got with chicken. The homemade sweet soy sauce was yummy. The noodle were clear even thou they were made from sweet potatoes. I also got the solomon tea. Had a nice nutty flavor. Truly different from the oolong tea you get in a chinese restaurent, The Chicken Bulgogi Rice was amazing. Had just the right amount of sweetness but still savory. The waitress was great at answering any questions, but the entrees came out not even minutes after getting the appetizer and banchan. Thats how we noticed the rice cakes were hard to chew cause we were trying to eat our entrees also when they were still hot. But I say again we were the only ones in there besides the carryout and a couple that came in alittle after we got there. So we will just make sure to tell the wait staff next time when we order out appetizers to hold off the entrees at least 10 minutes cause we were stuffing or faces with the great food so fast. We had no time to chat. Thats the only hiccup that stuck with me. The food was so good and different then any other place around I easy forgive.My mouth was in heaven. I felt like I was in Korea. Nice, Clean atmosphere. Will take the hour drive for dinner very soon again.
4	I've got to highlight this place in a review, in the hopes that Yelp fosters good word-of-mouth. I've had lunch here three times, and dinner once. It has become one of my favorite places in the Madison area. I'm concerned for its future because the place is usually three-quarters empty. One reviewer noted robust carry-out activity, so I hope that's what keeps K Peppers thriving. It is rather tucked away under Barriques' shadow, so I doubt it's getting a lot of drive-by traffic. And as others have pointed out, the decor and ambience is average. But it's the food you'll want to come for (and ultimately come back for).For appetizers, avoid the curry croquettes . . . the dumplings, though, are great. What's nice is that they bring out small samples of Pajun and Kimchi (and, inexplicably, potato salad) whether you order appetizers or not. This is the case for both lunch and dinner. For entrees, you've got one major choice . . . whether you'll get the Bulgogi (Korean BBQ) or not. If you elect not to go the spicy meat route, you've still got some great choices, including heartwarming noodle dishes and the amazing-looking (I have yet to order it) Bibimbap. The Bulgogi, though, is fabulous . . . go for spice-level 3 if you can and enjoy the burn. I can't imagine what 5 must be like (inedible?). One final note: if you have a head cold and it's a frigid winter day, go here for lunch and get the Ramyon noodles with the Bulgogi on top. Not only will it clear your sinuses but it will warm the cockles for the rest of the day. Just wish this was on the dinner menu as well.
5	The food here is delicious, you will not be disappointed!
5	Just had a great meal here.  Every dish was excellent.
4	Pork bulgogi is good.Food is spicy. 3 star, for example, means heat.
3	This place has excellent customer service. The waitstaff work their asses off and try their very best to get everything right.The food here is... good. It's A-OK. They Korean fusion (which by all intents and purposes so am I har har har) so make some changes to the food. The problem I have with this place is that the menu is a bit limited. Spicy Pork Bulgogi and Ttuekboki are the stand outs in my opinion. Soon Dubu isn't worth ordering. Also their spicy scale is SPICY. Do NOT be fooled. I had the kimchi jigae in a 3 and could barely finish it. Don't try to prove your manliness by ordering a 5 because like another review said... I don't even want to imagine.No soju but they have sake... bit weird but hey whatever floats your boat. 10 to 15 bucks an entree.
5	Came here with my Korean cousins.  I have been on a huge Korean kick over the past few years, and am making Korean at home.  Sometimes, its just great to have someone else make it.  This place doesn't disappoint.  Its not really "fusion," though I suspect they put that there to entice people not used to Korean food.My wife and I have gone several times.  Service is good, but its usually just one waitress.  I've been there only for lunch.  The prices are a little on the high side but nothing extraordinary.  You can't go wrong with the bulgogi or tofu jigae.  You can alternate the spiciness as approrpiate.While it can't compare to true barely-english-speaking Korean restaurants in major cities, it is a very good restaurant especially for Madison, and a great place to learn Korean cuisine, which i can summarize as sweet and spicy (to a degree).  Currently K Peppers is our favorite restaurant here in Madison....
4	Where is everyone? Srsly Middleton! Show up. Represent! After an exhausting... er I mean underwhelming trip to World Market Tom, Ryan and I decided it was time to make the drive west worth it. Tom had been craving Korean for some time and because I don't make decisions I was game. The interior is pretty fancy pants for a small strip off the beaten path. Nice booths, tasteful artwork, cool color palate. But the paper napkins? That's like going to L'Etoile and eating dinner with a spork.Here's the thing though, I'd eat K Peppers with a spork, with a spatula or with my own bare hands, heck I'd eat K Peppers with YOUR bare hands... it's that good. We started with Topokki, Korean rice cake and a boiled egg cooked in a sweet and spicy sauce. We all thought 2 stars (spicy) was pretty darn spicy, but the sweetness balanced it out. From there, I moved on to Bulgogi which was unbulgogievable (wah wah). Tender meat, sweet soy, some veg for good measure... it was bomb, more than I could polish off after the app, but great for breakfast. A little bummed that we were the first table there at ten after six, and the only table dining for the hour-ish we stayed. But maybe people just don't know K Pepper's brilliance just yet. Get to know.
4	I've been craving Korean food for some time now.  The only option close to downtown is not so tasty, so I've been dying to dine at K Peppers. I'm happy to report that K Peppers killed it; exactly what I was looking for. We were the first table on a Monday night sbout an hour and a half after they opened, so we got some pretty attentive service. The prices are a little steep for what I've come to expect, but it's worth it. I knew the meal was off to a good start when we got bowls of potato soup and some solid banchan. The kimchi was taaaasty and some of the best I've had. We started with toppoki - rice cakes braised in sweet & spicy chili sauce. I love me some toppoki and this was the bomb. I was craving some soup and decided on the kimchi jjigae with pork - a rich stew with kimchi, tofu, pork, and some seasonings. Holy amazeballs, this stuff was great!! My only regret was not super sizing up to a stone bowl. Definitely excited to head out again for some more soup. Hey Middleton (and Madison), get out there and support K Peppers; you won't regret it.
5	The wife and I went to K Peppers for dinner this past week because we LOVE Korean food and live close to the restaurant. We were a little wary based on the size of the restaurant, but were happy to discover that, when it came to this restaurant, size didn't matter.We arrived a little later than normal dinner time, and had no wait to be seated. Our waitress was great, and our food was fantastic. We started with the Jjin Mandoo (steamed dumplings) -- yum! The wife had her usual chicken bibimbap in the hot stone bowl, and absolutely loved it. I ordered my usual bulgogi, and absolutely LOVED it. It is, by far, the best bibimbap I've had in several years, across several restaurants in several states.The wife and I will definitely be back for more fantastic food!
4	They had a lot of vegan options, and everything was delicious.  Only down side is they do not sell wine by the glass (was told they were dumping too much out), so by the bottle only.  Since I was there alone, that was a bummer.
3	Hey food is not bad at all ! I had Kimchi Jigae and when I wanted spicy, they gave me spicy alright ! The reason why I am giving them 3 stars because the service was iffy. My friend did not like her dish, so our waitress first offers her a new look in the menu and then adds in, "Oh you need to pay for both" then after my friend showed disatisfaction, she tells her "Can we somehow change the way it tastes by taking it back in?"Also side dishes are not unlimited (I never been to a place that doesn't offer unlimited side dishes)Prices are a little high too. Oh and make sure to ask separate checks or else !
4	It's really good.Definite emphasis on fusion. The kitchen seems to be having fun and in a  good and interesting way. I'd generally skip the appetizers.
2	A horrible take at Korean food, even if you take into account the term "fusion".The food here just doesn't taste right. I think the only thing that tasted remotely Korean are the fried dumplings -- if you mess that up, that's pretty bad... I also remembered that one time I ordered the pork bulgogi, it wasn't fully cooked (i.e. pieces of the meat were still red). We brought that to our waiter's attention and rather than either recooking it or giving me an entirely new dish, he had it microwaved for me. Not cool.Anyways, good Korean food does not exist in the Madison area. You may be tempted to think otherwise, but you might be sorely disappointed.
1	The Service is horrible! I cannot believe how it has 4star rating! There were just 3 tables of people but the waitress made us to wait outside for almost 10 minutes! When I asked for some more napkins , the waiter replied "You haven't started yet, why you need napkins". He just left and gave me nothing. That is offensive! And finally he charged us 18% tips as "gratitude". Never go there again!
2	I guess that "fusion" is a good way to say that "we don't know what we're doing"This is overpriced Korean street vendor food, the only con-"fusion" is why we should pay entree prices.I guess that people enjoy the experience of something new keeps them in business.  I would only suggest that they make this a Korean BBQ and do justice to their menu.
4	We did take-out from here and we were so glad we did. The tofu bibimbap was so delicious, I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full and my stomach started to hurt.. I still needed to eat ALL THE BIBIMBAP. Give me BIBIMBAP!!
1	Terrible! The worst korean restaurant I've ever eaten! Never will I visit this one any more.No more words besides swear!
1	oh man... where to start...I walked in on a sunday night with my 9 month old baby and my husband, there was a decent amount of tables filled and no one waiting.  I ask the owner how long the wait is... he eyes us and tells us 40 minutes to an hour!! I didn't think much of it at the time buuuuutttt, the next time i came i realized he just didn't want us to dine there!So this last time I actually got to eat there we sat down and ordered our food, I pulled out my baby's food and bottle so I could feed him.  The owner came back like seriously 5 separate times to tell us how inconvenient it was that we brought a baby to his place!The first time he looks at me with a serious face and asks "does your baby like drop food all over the floor?" and I was just so shocked I said yes he might a little?  I mean, I'm definitely NOT one of those moms who leaves a mess on the floor... I literally clean up the floor before I leave! Anyways... so he comes back again after 5 min and says that I can't serve any outside food in the restaurant.  So I asked if he was talking about my homemade baby food and he said yes, you are not allowed to bring food for your baby because it is against the law?! Um I've been to many places in Madison and given homemade baby food to my son and I've NEVER been told this comment.  SO i asked him then I can't give him formula either? And he said no, so I said then how can I feed my baby?! And he says "Thats why its difficult to travel with a baby!" AND he said all this with a straight face!! I will never be going back to K peppers, they are racist (against koreans, I am korean) and outright rude! PS. I am korean and the korean "fusion" food there is ok, not the best.
5	I'm sad to read the poor reviews for this restaurant. My husband and I ventured out last week and were both pleasantly surprised. The "fusion" label had turned us off a little, since we like our Korean as authentic as possible, but I'm glad we gave this place a chance. The owner, I think, was our server, and he was great. Personable, helpful, kind, attentive...everything you'd want a server to be. There were a handful of other tables in the dining room and he was the only one working the front of the house, but we never felt neglected or like we were waiting an exorbitant amount of time for anything we needed. My husband ordered the seafood bulgogi, and it was maybe the best thing either of us have ever put in our mouths. I had the dolsot bulgogi bibimbap and it was delicious. Also, randomly, the lemonade was awesome. I was extra pleased to see that, even though they call themselves "fusion," they still brought out soup and banchan, all of which were delicious (though the kimchi was a little sour for my taste, but the cucumber kimchi was to die for). In summary, this place is a little gem in Middleton. We'll be going back again...and again...and again.  Don't take the bad reviews seriously, or you'll miss out on some great Madison dining (and there isn't that much, so take what you can get).
1	My husband and I went there last Saturday evening. We were 1 of 2 tables occupied, so we were a little nervous. Why wasn't this so called great place busy on a Saturday night?  Well, we found out. The lone person on the floor was a nice enough person, just needs some training. She was the hostess, busser, and waitress. She spent a lot of time in the kitchen area so when we needed something it was difficult to find her. It was obvious her dinner was in the back since she came out eating several times.We ordered the vegetable pajun only to receive the one with shrimp in it. Luckily my husband could smell the shrimp and saw them quickly since I am allergic! It took a few minutes to find our waitress since she was in the back again, but she apologized and made us another one and served it with our dinner instead of before our meal. Then we received our meal. We shared the Bimbimbap with chicken. Blah and bland. The rice was under cooked and the chicken was not seasoned and extremely dry. We added a lot of hot sauce and soy sauce to get some flavor, but it was hard to get over the "chewey" texture. The pajun that we had ordered was fine. A bit under cooked and runny, but fine in taste.After a LONG wait for our waitress we got our check. We were quite surprised that the pajun was not comped. I didn't complain, just took mental note of another misstep in bad service. If you want really good Bimbimbap, go to Graze on the square. That place knows what it's doing! This was not worth it.
4	Being a Korean-American who lives in Seoul and runs his own Korean blog, I can assure you that K-Peppers does a pretty good job delivering almost-authentic Korean food to Madison/Middleton. I say "almost-authentic" only because most of the dishes are slightly sweeter and milder than its original Korean counterparts, and they have quite a few ingredient substitutions that make it more appealing to American palates. Because of this, I think the label "fusion" is justified, especially in case a hard-core native Korean (like me) came in and started making a ruckus because their soup/stew wasn't spicy enough. Or you never want to insult the huge population of Koreans in Madison as well.  This was my second visit (both for lunch) and I had the pleasure of bringing along my sister, a long-time Madison resident, who was hesitant about Korean food especially after disappointing visits to New Seoul, the other Korean restaurant in town. I told her that my first visit was pretty good and this second one would be for validation. Luckily for both so us, we were both very pleased with our dishes--spicy bulgogi, soft tofu soup, and a side of jin mandu (steamed dumplings). We got them at the spiciest level 5 and they surprisingly cleared both our sinuses in no time, something that we are accustomed to when eating traditional Korean food. The only quirk I had was the egg roll on my plate, seeming totally out of place on a bulgogi dish, but then again that's where "fusion" comes in. As for service, the American waiter was very nice, prompt, and knowledgeable about the food--no issues there. The ambiance and atmosphere was better than your normal Korean restaurant, which oftentimes skimp out on quality decor to save money. Actually, it wouldn't surprise me if they hired an interior designer or consultant to give the place a more rustic, Asian charm. We both thought the Korean figurines and ornaments were a nice touch to the place. As for the budget, the price is on the higher end, but it's understandable because of logistics and location. The two Korean markets here get their inventory from Chicago, which in turn makes prices slightly higher than your average restaurant.Overall, I was very pleased with our visit and even more pleased that my sister now has a place to indulge in decent Korean cuisine. And although my stay is limited to a few more weeks, I won't hesitate to return just to try out some of the more "exotic" Korean dishes served here. Well done K-Peppers. Food: 4 Service: 5Value: 3Atmosphere: 4 (Out of 5 stars)PS. Additional photos have been posted compliments of mykoreaneats.com.
2	This is a cute fusion restaurant tucked away in the corner of a commercial plaza. The area is nice, with plenty of parking, and it is a short walk to other establishments in the area for after-dinner drinks. Service was prompt and light hearted, and the atmosphere was welcoming. While the menu does have distinctly Korean fare, I think the preparation has more emphasis on the fusion. This might be a good place to introduce a friend to Korean cuisine - the flavors are non-threatening and should be familiar to the western palate - though I would recommend ordering family style to get the most out of your experience. I don't think it's likely I'll be back here because I think the prices are a bit high for what you're getting food-wise. But, I wouldn't protest loudly if I was part of a group that really wanted to come here. What's not to like about miso soup?
3	A bit of mixed-bag:On the positive side, kimchee soup was super delicious. I liked K-peppers' kimchee soup better than New Souls'. The service was friendly.And speaking of the service, it's slowness was somewhat of let down. I guess they were sort of busy, but it didn't look THAT busy. And one more negative star for luke-warm bibimbap stone bowl - imo, the bowl needs to be sizzling hot that it'd make the rice crusty. So there you go, three lukewarm stars for the first try at K-Peppers.
3	Unlike many of the scary reviews before me, I did not have any problems with the service. Our waiter was polite and actually pretty helpful in explaining our options and apologized when he delayed once on the way to our table. I ordered the Tuk Mandooguk and Pajun as an appetizer. I found the spice level(for my tastes) on the Tuk Mandooguk satisfactory. I actually low-balled it with a "2/5" spice level and will probably try for 3/5 on the next visit but I've gone to chinese restaurants and ordered 6/6 spice and felt like I was having french fries or something...so I'm glad they actually put HEAT in their food. I find it hard to commit a higher review until I try something with tofu and more spice but I'm pretty impressed so far.A menu suggestion - I'd say, in general, it'd be better to simply have a "vegetarian section" of the menu rather than have the "can be made vegetarian" option or underneath each menu item, have something like [Vegetable $11 Pork $12 Beef $12] or whatever. Without either, when I instinctively see the green broccoli and don't see a meat listed in the item description, I assumed it's a vegetarian item and didn't require an additional request to make it vegetarian. Fortunately the helpful waiter came back and double checked, likely because I was ordering previous vegetarian appetizers, but on a typical day, I'm worried it would cause problems for other vegetarians who come. ( I know there is a "key" also that says "item CAN be made vegetarian" but again, I don't think many study menu details that much in restaurants.) Its just better to be "safe than sorry" because I know I would have a 0% chance of eating an item with meat which results in me having to trade with another person at the table or having to send it back which upsets staff.
4	I've never had Korean food like this before.  I had their Goon Mandoo (potstickers) which were tasty with a sweet and slightly red pepper seasoned sauce.  It was just delicate enough for my sensitive taste.  The Shrimp Bimbibap was fantastic.  You could add some hot sauce to get the mix of flavors even further.  What I found that was extremely tasty about the dish was that it had 6 different vegetables - including the fresh spinach on the bottom.  I was totally feeling like I had fresh healthy food for lunch.
2	I'd love to give this place a higher rating.  I've dined in twice, and had take out 3 times now.  Every take out order had been incorrect.  It's been incorrect items being put in the bag, or spiciness level applied to the wrong meal.  i.e. the last take out meal we had.  Mine was unfortunately not 5, and someone else in the group mistakenly got my heat level.  You can't imagine my disappointment that I had a meal that was bland and fit for a Briton or even someone from Wisconsin.  That being said, I love it that I've found another restaurant that actually understands proper spice levels.       Dining in the meals have always been fantastic.  The wait service was polite, and apologetic for any incorrectness or delays.  The japchae, bokumbap, and bibimbap have all been great when dining in.  I think you'll find the over use of oil in cooking here is less than other asian restaurants in the area, and I suspect without actually asking that they don't use msg's.  I'll be trying the bulgogi at some point this weekend, we'll see if I edit this initial review.
1	We tried to order for delivery because we are a few miles away. On their menu it says $15 minimum. We called to place the order and we were told today it's a $50 minimum. We found that insane so never ordered.
2	Had dinner there last night with a friend.  We had an Asian waiter who appeared to be the owner (30-40s with glasses) and asked him for his recommendation.   He gave us the look "are you serious" and we felt as if we shouldn't have asked.  After the awkward pause, we asked again and he made an effort to recommend their signature dish: bulgogi bibimbap ($15).   The restaurant wasn't too busy, about 35-40% filled on a Monday night.  The food was good and I'd rate it 4/5 for the bibimbap.  Before we left, I asked the owner about how to go about fixing my cracked dolsot (hot stone bowl).  He didn't seem to care and replied "Oh you can't fix it".  It was an another awkward moment and perhaps I shouldn't have asked.  Trying to carry the conversation to avoid the awkwardness, I remarked, "Dolsots are expensive."  He asked, "How much did you get it for?  "$30" I replied.  He then condescendingly replied, "That's cheap.  Ours is more expensive. It's commercial."  The owner needs to work on his customer service skills.  In all fairness, he did do a good job refilling our water and we gave him the standard tip, despite his poor attitude. Bottom line:  Food 4/5, Price 2.5/5, Service 3/5.
3	An excellent lunch restaurant if you have the time to go visit.There are two things that hurt my experience while dining at K Peppers, and none of it had to do with my main dish. Careful with your stars! I enjoy a bit of heat but found 3-stars to be my limit of enjoyment.1) There is only one server/host, and while attentive, when busy the role is stretched. May not get refills on drinks when necessary if at a busy time. 2) The "fusion" part of the restaurant. It's the first restaurant I've ever been served kimchi and macaroni salad as side dishes on the same table. Not sure how I feel about that one.
4	We stopped here for a late lunch around 1 pm.  Both of us ordered the Bibimbap in the hot stone bowl.  Mine was a 4 star heat.  I must say it was very tasty.  My bowl was sizzling when it came out so no problems there.  I think it could have used a few more vegetables but overall I enjoyed it.  I must say that a lot of the reviews seem to point to the attitude of the owner, and we had no contact with him so maybe that helped.  He sounds a bit like the soup nazi from Seinfeld....our waiter was very polite and attentive.   'Would I go back?  I think so!
5	My favorite food and place in all Wisconsin. Can't go wrong with any of the dishes. The place is always clean and the staff is very friendly. I Was there for valentines day last year as well and it was a great idea going there! I will keep going there and highly recommend it to anyone.
5	This place is 45 min out of my way without traffic and I still make a point to go as often as possible. I have yet to have something that didn't have great flavor and understand it's all homemade! Give it a try because you won't be disappointed!!!
4	Had the Spicy Beef Bulgogi, with a level 3 out of the 1-5 range for spicy.  I cannot fathom what the level 4 or 5 must be like.  My entire upper body is still on fire as I write this.  Was not a huge fan of the appetizers however the soup and main dish were very good.  I'll definitely be back but next time it will be a level 2 on the spicy scale.
3	Kpeppers is...ok! After running to Madison for the weekend I decided to check out Kpeppers. It's a small place situated in a strip mall. Parking isn't too bad, and you should get a spot even when it's busy. My first impression was the place was small, clean and had a good atmosphere. We were seated right away by the owner. I was sad to not see any soju on the menu, but there was an explanation about liquor licenses and what not. Reading the menu further...Awwww snap no kimchijeon either :(  what the feck?? So I subbed soju for water and kimchijeon for pajun (which was made with egg, not what I'm used to but good overall). A plus was that there was gimbap on the menu! I was with a group of six that night and the waitress was friendly and fast. The sides were ok, kimchi was very good but the rest of the sides left a lot to be desired (no anchovy, squid or potatoes). I ordered the beef bulgogi bibimbap in the hot bowl because there was no jajangmyeon, seriously I almost cried! Everything came to us quick, hot and as ordered. The bibimbap was good, nice flavors and the sauce gave it a nice little kick. The portions were just right even though it was a little costly. My impression of Kpeppers was ok, I've had better but this is Wisconsin and I'm glad to see Korean restaurants at all!!! I would come back to try the topokki and Tuk Mandooguk next.  I wish I could give more stars but the lack of soju, kimchijeon, or jajangmyeon crushes me. Those are my staples and without them I usually opt for a burger.
3	Admittedly my only prior experience with Korean food was on Korean Air (derided by frequent fliers for always serving bibimbap on every flight in all classes of service, but it is tasty and travels well), so I'm no expert on Korean food.The menu seemed Korean, rather than Korean-fusion.  There are traditional dumplings, bulgogi and bibimbap on the menu.  We had dumplings and bulgogi, which were tasty and enjoyable.  Service was prompt and friendly.  There was one server working the room, but it all worked out fine.Their spicy dishes are spicy.  We've got a high spice tolerance (when in India we order spiciness "as the chef would prepare for himself"), but I found a 2-star to be definitively spicy and enjoyable.  A 3-star might have been too much.  Be warned.The side dishes were very tasty, though the typical-Wisconsin elbow macaroni salad with mayonnaise seemed completely incongruous.  I'd definitely go back when I have a craving for Korean food.
4	I came to K Peppers twice in a two day period while I was in Middleton for a little adventure.  It's not necessarily that it was good--I just needed a warm, comforting meal the night before my adventure and a satisfying meal afterwards.  K Peppers was up to the task.  I got the tofu soup for one meal and the bibimbop for another.  The tofu soup was perfect for a cold February evening in Wisconsin.  The bibimbop was hearty and satisfying.  It's not authentic Korean, but the taste is good.  The banchan especially were a little fancier than a typical Korean restaurant.
3	Got the spicy pork bulgogi plate and was more onions than meat. Flavors weren't horrible, but could've been better.
5	Big fan of K Peppers.  I am always reminded why I go back...when I go back!The Bibimbap is still the best around (gotta do the hot stone bowl).   The flavors are great and their Red Chili Paste is excellent it's incredibly flavorful.Their sides are always interesting and delicious.  This goes especially for the kimchee which is alway crunchy with a perfect amount of flavor and spice.  I was also pleasantly surprised to have the check split for us without asking as we had a group of six in there for what was obviously a work group lunch.  Individual checks were brought the the table without having to ask for them to be divided.  It was a very nice touch.  It is hard to find a place these days that don't roll their eyes when separate checks are requested and we didn't even have to ask!It is a favorite lunch spot of mine and will continue to be so.
5	The food is still great! My new favorite - the spicy beef bulgogi - is a great improvement of my previous favorite, the beef bulgogi.
