5	Great new Irish Sports Bar in Surprise.  The Boys from the 'New Dubliner' have done themselves proud in the land of the Blue Hairs.  Authentic Irish owned and operated and pouring plenty of the black stuff.
4	Irish Pub?  Gotta try it!First time we went just for a drink.  They'd been open a week, so one pint of Harp wiped out their keg.  A pint of Murphy's Amber for me and we were both happy.  Good bartender - gal from Glasgow (that's a suburb of Dublin).  Friendly service, made sure we got to see their menu, told us about their Friday all-you-can-eat fish and chips, their Sunday 2-for-1 on traditional Irish breakfast and their unique sliders - corned beef and cheese on small rolls with dressing.So today we went back for lunch.  Nice crowd and plenty of Harp (plus about 9 other beers on draft).  I had the fish and chips (not bad, but sorry, lads, I have had better - the fish sandwich is a better buy) and Jo had the sliders (very good). Chips were tasty and potatoey - just like in Ireland.  Slaw was very good.  Bill was $35 for lunch and four pints.  Not bad.  Most of their sandwishes were in the $7-$10 range including sides and their burger is 1/2 ponnd Angus beef.We'll try the Sunday breakfast next and I'll let you know.  Slainte!
5	Great place! The food is off the chart. My wife and I have been there four times. Everything we have tried has been delicious. We've had the fish/chips, ribeye, boiled bacon, corned beef, blue and boxty and a few of the appetizers. I know boiled bacon sounds weird but the chef (yes, he walks the crowd) told us it was an Irish specialty more like a tenderloin but spiced similar to a corned beef. You gotta try it. We went once on a monday night and they have plenty of tvs to watch the game on. Play some darts, live band on weekends and this place rocks.
4	We stopped in at the Irish Wolfhound last night on a wim for a beer, little did we know that it was their "official" grand opening, they've been open for a few months and we've been meaning to try them.  We walked in the door and the man on stage playing irish folksongs on his guitar actually stopped his song pointed at us and said "DO YOU HAVE A RESERVATION"  the indoor part of the bar was packed, so we decided to check out the outdoor patio.  the patio was busy but we were able to easily find a table, let me also mention that the chair have this plush padding on them, and also not all of the space heaters were running just a few so there wasn't that weird outdoor sweatbox effect.  A server greated us within a minute or two and took our drink orders, they had my favorite irish beer "Smithwick's" a few minutes later we had our beers and they took our food order.  I decided to order the Ciaran's Fish and Chip's Sandwich which included a cup of soup, I chose the Irish Coast Seafood Chowder.  Now I have this thing about soup with certain restaurants, my theory is that if a restaurant has one good soup, usually all there other soups are just as good.  The soup I had was amazing, creamy chowder with either shrimp/prawns, calamari and I believe scallops, very hearty and we were very excited to find out you can get soup to go for very reasonable prices.  My wife doesn't share the same pension for seafood that I do, so she chose the Potato Leak soup with her meal which I also tried and was just as delicious. Our meals came and my sandwich was good size with a piece of fish that took up most of the roll with coleslaw on top of the fish filet.  The sandwich was Delicious, imagine if the Filet of Fish from McDonalds had a cousin that went back to college and finished his degree, that would be this sandwich. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it, I'm pretty sure they batter the fish with Guiness.we stayed a bit longer and had a few beers, our server was on top of things despite the drunken chinese fire drill that was occurring on the patio and inside.We will definitely be back.
2	The drinks are good (if u order them correctly.) I recommend the sheppard's pie! Nice atmos, ok service. Has potential to be a very fun evening.
4	Total fan here- regular in the making for sure. A little less than a month after discovering this place we have become weekly visitors. The layout is great and the patio is top notch. Great seating with a fire pit creates multiple opportunities for causal sitting arrangements, great for conversations. The patio even has bar access which is a really nice convenience. The inside is a lot larger than you would think with multiple types of seating including booths, tables, pub tables and ample bar seating.  Beer on draft runs you about $4 and this includes a tall can of Strongbow Cider (love that stuff). The menu has a good variety of Irish fare and burgers. For $9, I can get a really good burger complete with rasher, sauteed leeks and Irish whiskey aioli, chips, and a cup of soup. They have 4 standard soups and the 2 we have sampled have been delicious. The potato leek is my favorite- creamy with potato chunks and rasher bits- so good for a cold day. I really want to try other things on the menu but my love for their burger has prevented me from doing so. The husband get the fish and chips sandwich and sings its praises to everyone we tell about the Wolfhound.With live entertainment, live trivia, and strategically placed big screens this place satisfies all of our needs for a great local pub- plus the food is awesome.
5	Very good authentic food. I will definitely be going back again. Love the soups!
4	Finally, a great bar in the far west valley and to top it all off its an Irish Bar!!!  I've been there 3 times now  and the service and food have always been excellent.  The potato leek soup is as good as my mothers and thats saying alot!  The Declan's Irish Stew was so good it bordered on decadent.  Imagine a rich stew loaded with celery, carrots, leeks, and potatoes surrounding an entire lamb chop that is so tender it falls off the bone as soon as your fork touches it.  My hubby loves the seafood chowder and the corned beef. The wait staff is very friendly and amazingly remembered us and our drink order after just one visit. I
4	For the past five-ish weeks that I have been a temporary Surprise resident, I have been to the Irish Wolfhound numerous times. It's almost like I am a regular there. I guess I needed a new Irish pub since I am on the other side of the Valley from Rula Bula now.Everytime I have been to the Wolfhound, it has been busy. Doesn't matter whether it has been a Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, or Monday. It's been busy. It's a sign that a)it has a good atmosphere (love the patio with the firepit); b) the drinks and food are really reasonably priced; and c) the food is way better than you would expect at an Irish pub in Surprise. The cheesecake with Bailey's is so much better than I could have hoped for. Is it NY Cheesecake OMG I want to die good? No, but it is still really tasty while drinking a Harp and playing bar trivia on a Wednesday night. The seafood chowder is a great soup and I don't even like soup!Service is really speedy and friendly. The Irish Wolfhound hosts Team Trivia on Wednesday evenings which is when you can catch me and some friends defending our nerdiness. If you ever find yourself in Surprise, this is a good spot to check out.
2	Ok, I've been there 3 times now. Twice on Saturday, one on Friday. First 2 times we were there, service was horrible. The servers were rude, very slow, and didn't really care. First time we went there, it was Saturday. We got there 10 til 10. I tried to flag someone so we could get food order in before the late-night menu started. First girl I talked to said they were not serving food. I asked if they were serving late night menu then, she said "Ya, but I don't know where the menu is" and walked away. We waited for few minutes but nobody came to our table, so we gave up and couple of us got drinks from bar (after 10 minutes of waiting at the bar too) Few minutes after, our server came to us and said "Where have you been? I was waiting for you all to sit down" Well, One of my friend was sitting at the table for the whole time and the server didn't go over for like 15 minutes, it just sounds like an excuse. We finally got late night menu, which was a one page print out of like 5 things... We got wings, Reuben sliders, and fish and chips. Wing and Reuben came out first. Wings were alright. It was too crispy for my taste and flavor was so-so. Reuben slider wasn't so tasty. Meat was dried out and bun was too hard. Fish and chip came out about 10 minutes later. It was 1 fish. One chunk of fish that was very over done (dark dark brown). Did kitchen guy forgot to take it out of the fryer? Or did server forgot to bring it out and it got cold so they had to fry it again? Either way, it wasn't so good. Chips were very greasy too. And speaking of server... she didn't know what half and half was, or black and tan... she kept asking which beer we wanted. Overall, we weren't happy. Second night was 2 weeks later, on a Friday night. Walked in, got ourselves a table, different server. Let's see if this night is any better than last time. Nahhh, it was still the same. We ordered drinks, asked for a menu (unfortunately late-night menu again) and waited... She came back with drinks, no menu. So we asked again. Her response was, "Oh, you want menu? I'll be right back" She said that first time we asked for a menu! Anyways, she got menu... and disappeared for 20 minutes. You know... if somebody asks for a menu, doesn't it mean that somebody is hungry and wants to order a food? Maybe? Anyways, she wasn't paying attention, so my buddy got up, grabbed a random server that's standing by POS, and asked to put an order of wings in since our server is MIA. As he was sitting down, I see our server getting up from another table across from ours, walked towards us, and said "Oh, did you want to order food?" so we replied with "Yes, we asked for menu because we wanted to order food. But you were gone for 20 minutes, so we decided to find somebody else" So then she responded with "Oh, I'm sorry we are slammed. I just got like 10 tables." Hmmmm, I just saw her get up from other table which I could see and she was there for good 5 minutes. What a way to give us an excuse! And we are not stupid, people were leaving, not coming in. The place had half the people compare to when we came in.  And also she was blaming other server for doing her job. Oh, and my buddy asked her what the writing on the wall meant. It was in Celtic. She was running around all over to find what it meant. She failed though... My comment on that was "If only she tried that hard to get our order and drinks right..." So... the second visit was a bad one too... The next day! 3rd time is a charm. We'll give it a one final chance before we give up on this place. Walked in, got a table right in front of the stage. (We also went 2 nights in a row to see The Biffos play) This time, a server came right away to take our order! So the night started good. She took rally good care of us, got our food, and checked on us more than other 2 servers combined. Later of the visit though, she was getting slower, but I could also see she had other tables she was tending. That's fine. She wasn't making up story about how it got mysteriously busy with no people.After 3 visits, I give 2 star. The food wasn't something to rave about and service was way below average. I would rather go to other bars with cheaper Guinness and better service.
5	This has become our go-to spot. With team trivia every Wednesday we are here at least once a week. The servers recognize us and are always friendly. The corn beef/Rubens are delish and I love the laid back environment. They always have full tables which must be a sign that they are doing something right! I encourage anyone in the area to stop in and give them a try!
4	I have been here twice now and both times the food was excellent, and the drinks were good as well.  Some of the wait staff is new, heck the whole restaurant is new, so they are still ironing out the kinks.  The first time we went was right before we left to go to Ireland, and I had the lamb stew while my husband had the bangers and mash.  Both were very tasty.  After returning from Ireland we took some family there to eat and the food was again excellent.  If you don't want a bar atmosphere, don't go here, but if you want good Irish food and drink, go, have fun and try the Jameson's :-)
1	I tried this place because I like Guinness beer and Irish fare bar food and it's close to the house.  I probably will not return though.  The food was OK, nothing to really get excited about.  My wife had the fish and chips but it was over cooked and rubbery but my burger was good.  The waitress did take the fish order off the check which was nice of her but because the food isn't reliably good, we would simply prefer to go to another pub (the one in Glendale) for our Irish food fix.
2	I love the way it looks inside.  Its the new bar in town so everybody goes, though i will say it is a much older crowd than the other places in town.  I went on a Saturday, they had at least 5 bartenders working.  I found it really hard to get a drink, sure it was busy but I've seen 2 good bartenders handle the same workload without a problem.   I finally got my beer, handed him a $20, got change for a $5 and he was out of sight before I could even say anything.  2nd time I came in I stood there and got bored of doing so before being helped and left.Maybe they can get the kinks ironed out down the road and it will improve.  They got the patio finished and it is quite nice!  I recommend it if you're over 50.  Just not the spot for me.
4	There isn't a whole lot going on in Suprise, so when I saw the Irish Wolfhound being built, I was pretty excited to try a new place.My friends and I started going after work on Mondays and Thursdays for beer, food and to watch football. We sat at the bar, service was always great and the food is excellent. I'm a soup guy and haven't had a bad soup, yet. The Guiness battered fish and chips should also be tried. They have a good beer and whiskey selection.After football season, we've been back a few times on weekends and for St Pattys day. WOW has this place filled up! It looks like word spread and the Wolfhound is full almost every time we go. I've read some complain about the service time, but I don't mind waiting a bit.I haven't gone as often, lately, but will definately pick it back up once the World Cup starts. Highly recommended.
2	Eh. The Saturday night that we showed up, back in March, it was just dead.  I liked the band that was there that night, but the service was ridiculously slow for how few people were there.I haven't been interested in going back.
3	So...I'm not a huge fan of traditional Irish food, but stopped in to try something different last week. The place has a nice look to it...it reminds me of Rula Bula in Tempe. I went Friday afternoon and the place was dead. Literally 2 people at the bar and 4 people (other than us) eating. I tried the Guinness beef barley soup...has some nice flavor to it and some spice, too. Also had the Irish Wolfhound burger...while the burger was cooked a little more than I liked (ordered medium), it was juicy and hot, but lacked seasoning. There also wasn't very much aioli, I guess I should have asked for extra. Service was decent, but could have been better considering the place wasn't busy at all. I'm thinking this would be a good place to come after work for a few drinks, or when it's cooler out and you can enjoy a few drinks outside on the patio. I'll have to give the food another chance, too.
3	Been here twice now. First time was back in July. Only stayed for one beer at that time. The atmosphere is your typical dark irish pub type of place where you feel you should be dressed in a turtleneck and drinking a Guiness. Definately not the vibe you want when it is 115 degrees out. So we bailed. We went again yesterday for a business lunch. We ate in the game room which had a few more windows so it felt a little brighter. Overall not bad. The service was prompt and friendly. The waitress was quick with suggestions and complimented you on your choice. The food itself, while pricey (seriously, 10.00 for a burger is on the high side) was good. I wanted my burger medium and thats how it came. There was 7 of us and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. I am sort of looking forward to one of the 3 actual cold days we experience here in the valley so we can pop in and have an irish coffee or two.
2	Well where do I start...When we walked in the tables that were not already seated were dirty with remnants from the last guests.After being seated for almost ten minutes, we finally got our drink order taken.  We had drinks by about the 16 minute mark, although not everything we ordered...then we finally had food by about the 34 minute mark.Look, here it is...service was a mess.  One server for what I could see was 19 people at various tables in the section we were seated in.  Wow.  That is not what I call service.  People were waiting for food, refills and the check.The food was good, in fact it is a real shame that the food was so good, because we will not be going back.  A lot of places have good food, but usually when the service is bad as this, those places do not stay open long.
4	I have to say I really like this place. Wish the beers were a bit cheaper, but they have a great selection so I can't complain too much.Try the patio when weather permits; but it fills up fast on Friday & Saturday nights. (Dear Management, Please add extra tables outside. Thx)So far I've had great food and pretty good service too (considering how busy they were at the times I've been there).Chips and curry are amazing! I actually ordered it to go one night! Who on earth orders bar food to go?!? Yep, its that yummy. If you're going to try the Irish Nachos definitely share with someone - the portion is HUGE!Chicken tenders and the pub burger are good and worth mentioning too.Anytime I've been there on a Friday or Saturday night they've had a live band playing. Some bands have been pretty good and even played some of their own songs which is nice. And then there have been some bands that sound, well, like bad karaoke.
4	We started coming here just after it opened. It was a little slow then, but we liked it enough and came back. In fact, each time we popped in for a quick drink, we would leave and say, " I Like that place". We go about once a week or so. We typically sit at the bar and always have had great service. The food is great, especially the fish n chips, the burger and the reubens. I highly recommend.
5	The food is awesome and the atmosphere fits an Irish bar.  Guinness is on draft and the fish and chips are excellent.Service was great too.  I had the barley soup and really hit the spot.
4	We found our new (replacement) Irish pub after losing the Ol' Dubliner.  We came after a spring training game (saw an ad at the park) and we had the fish and chips, very tasty, not over greasy and good flavor.  The atmosphere seems spot on and we will certainly be back and try something else as well!
4	Love the fish n chips!
4	We've been stopping here ever since they opened. We love this place and since it's a short walk from home, it's a winner to us!The food is awesome, service is so-so at times, but hey, it's a PUB! Stop in on the weekends and listen to some great live music.. a must for St Patty's Day!Don't forget to try the new $1.00 street tacos.. the steak are my favorite..mmmm yum :)
5	The Dubliner is gone :( but dang I found a better joint in the process!First off I am not a fan of fish from the good old days in the navy where I ate some of the worst fish ever on the planet! But you need to order the fish and chips here if you like fried treats and maybe can stand a slight fish taste as long as its golden brown. BOOM this was the best fish and chips meal I have ever had, I even heard the waitress boasting to the Sun City folk that they are the number 2 seller in the US of friken A of fish and chips plates and I defiantly know why in this case. They say this is Guinness brazed fried fish, but I have a feeling it's way more top secret than that. Try this place on the non all you can eat days because you will be waiting an hour to get in (friday / saturday) just to scarf some good eats down. This is due to only one fryer in the kitchen (another note I overheard). The only flaw I tasted was the coleslaw which could have had a bit more mayo or taste, was a bit dry. The chips were perfect, and the fish was downright awesome. Once you have tried this place then you can venture there when it's packed and enjoy a cold one with me ! I will update soon when I can go there and not order the fish and chips (maybe in 2012) Check it, wreck it...
3	This is a decent place to get drinks. I've never tried the food so I can't comment on that. The patio is also nice.
4	I love the Wolfhound! It is a great bar.  I think the service we got tonight was the best we have ever had... It was amazing.  Our server finally told us she has a degree in culinary arts and that she tries to provide the service she herself would want... Girl, you brought it and we appreciated it!We all shared a plate of mussels; I still think these are the very best thing on the menu and they are, hands down, the best I have had anywhere.  The white wine sauce with leeks is divine and the meat just slides right out of the shells, I could eat them weekly!  We also had a plate of fish and chips; the fish was very good and the batter tasty but wow, the grease that soaked into the bed of fries... It made the fries inedible.  We also had a selection of the street tacos, fish and carne asada, they were fine but bland.  I realize they were only a dollar each, but for a small amount of meat, some cabbage, and pico on a tiny corn tortilla, the dollar was about .40 too much.  Cheese, cheese is a common taco topping and these needed it.  Sour cream and avocado or guacamole should have been somewhere... And let your customers decide what and how much veggie topping to put on the taco!  We were informed that there was some sort of sour cream based topping on the tacos but really couldn't taste it and I definitely couldn't see it!  If I can't see it or taste it, it wasn't there... Sorry.  These were great ladies lunch tacos... Ladies that aren't hungry.But the Wolfhound gets the four stars because of the icy cold Stella on tap, the phenomenal mussels, and the impeccable service on this visit.  Pay this young lady more and put her in the kitchen... Her talents, while appreciated in the dining room, are wasted as I am positive she can cook based on our conversation...
1	went for friday fish and chips  - very disappointed -  had to send first order back because it was soggy and cold as it was prepared 30 minutes before I ordered.. The waitress agreed that it had been sitting for awhile.. this place IS A BUST !!! George and Dragon and Pier 83 so much better! Don't waste your time or money...
4	Some real good food here.  Best Reuben I've ever had from here. I have loved every appetizer I have tried.  Large selection of beer and whiskey.  If they had a better red wine selection i'd go 5 stars.  I love to play trivia here.
4	We love to go here and enjoy the Packer games. Just bought a bunch of gift certificates through our RE/MAX Rewards program so we can take more friends along! The food is good. The bloody mary bar is a blast. Friendly staff and a pleasant atmosphere top it off.
4	My husband and I love coming here to play darts and listen to the Irish music. The drinks are reasonably priced and they have a great selection of draft beer. The patio is wonderful and roomy with a great fire pit, if only it wern't for all the smokers. The menu is mostly Irish fare (obviously) which involves a lot of meat & fat. However, they have decent wings, good home made soups and the lamb shank dinner is divine.  The service is hit or miss, usually pretty slow to refill our drinks but it's usually pretty busy there. Chrissy (waitress) is super friendly and very accommodating.
3	I've been here about five or six times and I still don't know if I like it. I go here with my boyfriend, who loves Irish food. The prices are pretty up there, even for the appetizers, so I always find myself scrounging through their menu, tying to find something small and reasonably priced.They once let me order of the kids menu, but that was a one time shot. They won't let me do it again. Maybe next time I should "order a kids meal to go" and then sneak, sneak eat it.The only other reasonably priced Item is a small side salad. FYI: My idea of reasonably priced is $6 or less.
2	Used to be my favorite place for chicken & curry until I came in for my to-go order & saw the chef through the order window boxing my food with his bare hands. I'm sure my food is touched with bare hands at restaurants more than I probably realize ... but when I asked the bartender if that's what I really saw, she gave me the excuse "That's all he touches. That's his spot." (yeah right - hard to believe he stands there like a statue all night and only places his impecably clean hands on food alone.) so I replied "he isn't supposed to be wearing gloves?" No gloves in my own kitchen .... fine.No gloves in a restaurant .... totally grossed out. Come on, even the Subway two doors down from this place puts on gloves every single time.Offering to remake my food would have been nice. Still undecided if I'll be back - and that's saying a lot since they have a ton of great beer on tap and I could avoid ordering food.Beware chef does not wear gloves!
4	Food & drink were good (tho our waitress seemed clueless as to the whereabouts of a wine list -- "We have a lot of other wines, on a big list, somewhere!" -- fortunately the house wine was fine).  Inside is excruciatingly noisy, which some might find energetic, and outside one dodges wafts of cigarette smoke.  Other than that, a decent meal.
5	Great just grab a drink and relax. Pretty good food too. My favorite is the Reuben.
5	We had lunch here and the food was wonderful.  I had the Reuben Sandwich, it was hands down the best corned beef I have ever had.The food service was very good also.
4	I enjoyed this visit to the Irish wolfhound!! We went once for dinner and another for the St. Patricks festivities!! So much fun!! For dinner I had a chicken caesar salad, and it was really good! One the St. patty's day there was dancing and food booths and of course beverages. For food I tried the Irish nachos, really good, and the brats..YUM!!! Will be back again next year, I'm sure!!
4	I visited this place on a whim. Two friends and I were meeting for a late lunch and this is near our jobs. It is a pub and definitely has the dark wood, beer drinking, rugby fans vibe, but the tables are large, waitstaff friendly, and food was delicious!We passed on the fish fry (there were a ton of people who came in strictly for that) and shared appetizers and desserts. We shared the potato nachos, fried shrimp, and curry fries for our meal. The curry dipping sauce was tangy and perfect if you like curries....not burning hot, but obviously spiced. The shrimp were huge and piled high on their little plate. The potato nachos were the dinner hit, though. Wedges of red potatoes are smothered with a cream sauce, cheese, herbs, and mixed with slices of sausage. Yummy!Being stuffed didn't stop us from sampling the dessert menu, either. Our order was for the ice cream sandwich drizzled with Baileys, cinnamon topped apple pie, and bailey's cheescake (which had a fun name that I can't remember currently.). Even with two chocolate-icecream-bailey's concoctions the mix dessert flavors was varied and hit the sweet tooth spot. If you are ever on that side of town, it is well worth the stop.
4	I go for the pub atmosphere.  The food I did try wasn't up my alley.  They have live bands playing often and nice patio area.
4	I am a regular at this restaurant, mostly for the fish fry Friday.  I went there with a bunch of colleagues from work on Wednesday to celebrate the end of school. Our server was great!  She was very attentive, and there were a lot of us, all on separate checks and all coming at different times.  The drinks were excellent and I ate the slider sampler.  YUM!!!!!  The only complaint I have is that they don't have a happy hour and the drink prices are high.
3	Not a must go to if you are in Surprise.  I have visited here 3 times hoping it would get better....Food was ok, price is ok..... I tried 3 different dishes and did not finish any meal.  We tried to make this a regular place to visit, but I need food with my beer and the food can be better. The service was ok, not really looking to refill my glass, or I would of had a few more beers..... Wish I was a fish fry type, if thats what your into then go here.
1	Maybe I'm too spoiled from living near Padre Murphey's and RTO Sullivans, but this place just isn't up to par. The Beer is actually good, I like their bar and drinks selections. But the Food and menu is horrible. Wing are shitty, I'm not a huge fan of Irish food but at least Padres has THE GODFATHER which is probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Plus their wings are awesome. Also the customer service here sucks, bartenders hardly notice you when sitting at the bar or act as if its a chore to take your order. Irish I know you're one of the only bars in surprise but step your fucking game up. Because once a better bar opens up, your going to be in trouble. I much rather make the drive out to 59th ave and bell to go to RTO's or to 43ave and bell to Padre Murphy's. In fact today I'm going to meet a friend at Native New Yorker instead of this place because the food sucks so bad, and I know I can count on Natives wings.*UPDATE*So apparently Native New Yorker is closed, so I ended up meeting my friend at Irish Wolfhound, figured, geez what other place could we really go too, especially on short notice. I had a burger, it was horrible. The fries were actually okay, not the greatest but better then the burger that's for sure. We tabbed out after 2 drinks and talked. Well after talking for a while we decided on another beer. Waited and waited for our server to come back around and when she didn't I just went to the bar.I was STANDING at the bar for a while, even looking at the bartender in the face as she cleaned glasses yet didn't acknowledge me and there was maybe only 3 people total sitting at the bar. FINALLY she comes over and I order 2 IPA's. Our server then comes back around and makes a comment like "oh you're still here?" Uh wow. After talking for a while longer with my friend, (we were sitting at a hight top) I put my feet on the open seat next to me to rest them while I chat. then another SERVER actually comes up to me and says, "Excuse me sir, we don't allow feet on our furniture". I had fucking shoes on and it's a fucking bar, i'm actually sitting indian style before and after that on my own seat and on my shoes anyway. REALLY RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY. I'll NEVER be coming back, FUCK this place. Downgrading it to ONE star.
4	This place has some good food and is a nice place to hang with friends after a good workout. I usually get a burger here and they come out pretty good. They have a bunch of beers on tap and the interior of the place is set up nicely. Live music some nights and a game room with darts and pool tables as well. The patio outside is great if you're a smoker (not me though). Prices are average to higher but at least it's going towards a real restaurant and not a chain.
4	This is a great place to hang out on a Friday. The all you can eat fish is pretty good, although I prefer the sandwich. It's a good deal for drinks until 7 and they usually have a band worth listening to after 8. We started going there because it was so close to the house, but I keep going for the food and service. Give it a try.
5	Me and my dad have become regulars at this place. The atmosphere is always great and we are never disappointed with the food or service. We go to trivia night on wednesday nights and always have a blast- good food, drinks and people. I'd recommend this place to anyone!!!
3	We had lunch here and the food was wonderful.  I had the Reuben Sandwich, it was hands down the best corned beef I have ever had.The food service was very good also.  This was about 3 mo. Ago. Today  we went there for lunch, 11:20am.  about 23 people,there, I ordered iced tea and hubby had a Bud light,  we both ordered the Rueben Sandwich, he had the soup, I had cold slaw and the chips.  Reuben's corned beef was probably leftover, some pieces were very dry and had to chew, and very very salty.  The chips were not crisp, they were soggy, like old from yesterday, cold slaw was the best part of the meal.  For  the total at $ 34 format lunch, nothing to brag about.  Finished my ice tea no refill. Could of used something to wash the salt down.
4	Love the atmosphere here. Live bands, great food, and a good time!
3	Fish fry was good.  Irish stew was ok, it's a big bone in lamb buried in potatoes, carrots, parsnips and onions.  Guinness was fresh and delicious and mixed drink off the tabletop drink menu was good.  All around good place that I may or may not visit again.
4	Good food, but I have to admit I'm not overly adventerous especially with Irish food. I typically get soup and salad or a turkey sandwich.  We used to go for trivia but have stopped since we moved.  They have a good bar selection.
2	Been to several bars/restaurants and everytime I go into this place I just never seem to like it. Whether it be the service, the atmosphere, the food or most recently the security guards on a sat. night that were dressed like cops that seemed to be hovering over anyone at the bar they felt had been there too long. They actually went up to a couple and I believe cut them off from drinking...? I have no clue what this was about as I had never seen this before?  I just can't seem to get into this place. No wow factor, no good feeling.. nothing that makes me want to go back. Just bla...Alot more upbeat happier places to get a drink and good food.
4	I've been here probably 1/2 dozen times in the last 9 months. The corned beef and cabbage + the Fish and Chips are really the only two choices food-wise. The beer is always cold and at good carbonation levels. It's a good representation of what an Irish Pub should be. I disagree with Nicholas. I would much rather go to the wolfhound than padre murphy's or RTO Sullivans. However, there is one catch. The food really is too pricey. $14 for fish and chips is a little much in my opinion. The atmosphere is genuinely Irish. My brother lived in Ireland for 2 years and the first thing he said when he walked in was "Wow this is the most Irish place I've been since Ireland" With that said, I've always had good experiences and will go back.
4	Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.  I have a fondness for Guinness and Murphy's. So far this is the only Irish Pub in Surprise. They do a few amusing variations on the classic Black and Tan that are worth a try.  The tried and true fish fry brings in the faithful but the corned beef is my favorite bia. A great mint lamb dish was dropped from the menu. If enough requests come in they may bring it back(thats a hint paddys)  High pub style seats and lack of lower altitude chairs are a complaint that I've heard from my mother In law.
3	Whenever my friends want to hit a place up that's unpretentious, this pub always comes to mind!During lunch hour, I love coming here for corned beef sandwiches and relaxing. Saturday nights are pretty popular. There's usually a live band playing on weekends, where some people end up drinking and dancing, but it can get super loud. The outdoor patio has plenty of seating and tables to escape from the music playing inside, when you want to be able to talk without shouting over one another's voices. There are flat screens outside so you can watch football or other sports when chatting it up with friends. There's a big crushed glass circular fire pit with circular seating around it if you want to chill by the fire instead of sittng at the patio tables. Seeing as how weekend nights tend to get busy, service is okay. The waitresses will get to you when they can, but sometimes you may have to walk up to the bar yourself to put your order in. Last night I enjoyed a special they were having on Irish Coffee that was served hot with whipped cream on top. Perfect for the holidays! But wait a second, Arizona doesn't get that cold, so of course I had to cool things back down with an Irish Car bomb drink or two.
4	I come here regularly.Their fish and chips are very good and the seafood chowder is excellent.The beer is cold and they have a very decent selection on tap.My only complaint would be that their happy hour includes no decent beer.
5	We were here for lunch on 1/3/13.  We had checked online to see what was on the menu and to read the reviews. We loved the atmosphere, there was a medium sized lunch crowd with people enjoying their food and lunchtime. Various ages from mid - twenties to probably a few 80 year old gents in for a toddy.We had such a cheerful waitress who provided timely service.  My husband had the Irish Stew with Lamb Shank and I had the Pub Steak Salad with a great dressing. I had the Pear Cider and my husband a Guinness  draft. Very enjoyable and excellent food and service. We will definitely be back and will bring our Irish sis- in-law here when she is state side.  We both almost had the Irish Breakfast that is served all day.  Maybe next time.
2	I'm a regular at this bar but this is the first time I've decided to eat here. I can't say the food was terrible but I have a issue with calling something a "Shepherds pie" if it doesn't actually have SHEEP in it. Ground beef is used in a cottage pie....but it was bland regardless of the name. Also, quite over-priced. They have decent bar choices and only a quick drive from home so I do go regularly but only as a bar patron. Please be careful of your checks if paying by credit as I've been over-charged a few times. I had one of the bar tenders decide to give himself a $60 tip. Luckily, I was refunded but those "mistakes" shouldn't be happening at a place that would like to keep business.
3	Came here after visiting another bar down the street. I've heard a lot of good things about Irish Wolfhound. On Saturday they had a live band which was very good and the place was packed, but not overly packed. I came here with high expectations but thought it was good, but not great. The rooms and decor looked a little generic. Guess I'm getting tired of bars that call themselves Irish bars by just look Irish by putting Guinness posters and a harp on the wall. But what can I expect from an Irish Bar in Surprise??Not saying I wouldn't come back here.  Beer selection was good, Guinness was poured right, and good music, so I would come back. I didn't try any of the food so ill update my rating when I try the food.
5	Love the Irish Wolfhound!Haven't ever had a bad meal here.  Never thought I'd love 'corned beef and cabbage', but I do!  Best part is their beer list.  One of the few places in Surprise where you can get an IPA.
5	I love this place!  I have only been for night festivities  but it has always been awesome.  There are normally live bands and no cover charge, for those that want something quieter they have another room that is farther away.  The outside fire pit is the coolest one you will ever see.  The service is for the most part good.  The Reuben sliders  are amazing and the fish with the fish and chips is good.  the fish just has a little too much batter for me.
5	Great food and service.
3	I went here a week ago and the service was great. Then, I went back Sunday for lunch and I can't say it was the same.It wasn't even crowded and there were tons of servers. Our server took forever to give us our drinks and our food. She came to us twice... to give us our cold food and check. Wait, I take that back, three times, she took our order, brought our food, and gave us our check.The decor is great and the atmosphere is nice. But, I can't say it was the same for the slow servers on a Sunday afternoon.
4	Great atmosphere, Guinness was delicious and the Corned Beef and cabbage hit the spot. Great service! Happy St. Patty's Day
3	Ok, came here to enjoy happy hour and the service was ok?  Waitress really did not want to help us, she rather be somewhere else for sure.  I have had better times in other bars, outdoor patios than here so I must only rate this an ok place.  Wish I could give it a higher rating? Why you ask?  The place is nice, just the service is ugh and the crowd.  Wish it could be a younger crowd, but it seems to attract Sun City here and not Surprise.  Luckily the patio is big so our group could be far from the other patrons.
5	I love this place so much!!! There's live music sometimes, trivia sometimes or sometimes just people chillin. It's got great food, full bar, gorgeous an comfy outdoor sitting area with waitstaff. Love it here!
4	Nice restaurant and pub with friendly service.  The fish and chips were great.  The corned beef and cabbage was surprisingly good.  The cabbage was sweeter than normal and the corned beef was lean but tender.  I like the Murphy's stout in a can that I ordered.  Will be back on my next golf week with my friends who live near here.
4	Came here with a large group on a Friday for lunch and were totally impressed.Service was quick to accomodate our group of 20. They moved tables, got drink orders, and then all food orders all quickly!Food was also quite delicious. Everything from the Irish Nachos, Cobb Salad, Boiled Bacon Sandwich and more.Highly recommend!
4	If you live in the Surprise area and want a bar experience that isn't filled with bikers and the blue-haired crowd this is the place to go. With their good selection of beers (including Magners which is very hard to find) and on Fridays all you can eat Fish N Chip, it's a great place to go. On weekend nights I love getting some beers, sitting around the fire pit outside and then maybe playing a couple rounds of pool inside. They also have a great St. Patricks Day celebration around that time of the year.
4	Get the 3 slider plate, best of all the sandwiches. Reuben is my favorite.
4	First time there - flyin' solo and immediately felt welcome.  Seating could be more comfortable or I could be younger.  Delicious soup and sandwich with a Harp and loved the ice cream sandwich with Baileys. Server was great.  Will go again-patio looked interesting come cooler weather.
4	OK, this is going to be a narrow review.  Liquor and the "Reuben"Went to the patio with a friend on a Friday night to drink some scotch and smoke cigars.  The outside patio was well laid out and not cramped or confined.  Plenty of TV's around if your interested.  The fire pit is smack dab in the middle of the patio, but this was summer time so nothing to report other than it was nicely sized for a patio that large.The drinks were ordered and 2 scotch and rocks came out in decent size glasses.  I thought it looked good.  Then the manager approached and told our waitress to take them back and tell the bartender to fill them to the top.  WOAH!  We were pleased to see that our top shelf order was given top shelf treatment.  The Reuben was ordered later that evening and it was delicious.  It was classically prepared and the coleslaw on the side was a bit more crunchy then I prefer it, but it was a generous portion in a cereal bowl sized container. Not like one of those small ramekins that has 4 or 5 bites of food in them.  Through out the evening service was key, we always had someone checking on us to see if we needed anything.  Overall it was great, I feel I got my monies worth and I will return and recommend this spot to others.
5	Still one of my favorites on the west side.  Steak sandwiches and Reuben's are excellent.   Prices are right and the service is always great.
4	First time here, I liked the ambience and the plethora of tv's. Beer selection was good. The slider sampler was delicious! Can't wait to come to this place at night when not as many kids are present. I don't like it when parents let there kids climb all over other tables and touch everything, that is my only complaint.
4	Fish and Chips all you can eat!!! Outstanding!!! Very crispy on the outside and moist on the inside not dry! Very flavorful and not fishy tasting. Highly recommended. Very affordable at about $15 a plate for all you can eat fish n chips.
4	Nice Irish atmosphere, decent food,  great service, fun back room with pool & darts, & live music. Enjoyable experience altogether!
5	Cool place! Great beer selection, comfortable outdoor patio with heaters and TVs. Food was awesome, I had a burger with chips that I would definitely order again. Will be back next time I'm in town!
5	I have been here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Food is amazing! The Slider Sampling is great and the Reuben Sandwich is delicious. Great beer selection and you have to get the bread pudding for dessert!!! Loved it!!!
3	Always a good place, could use more bar tenders on the patio!!!! What's up with that?!?
5	Just moved here recently from CA, Toby Keith wrote a song that should be the theme song for this place " I love This Bar". Great atmosphere, awesome service, wonderful food and Andy is the best bartender ever. The staff is great and fun to be around, also if you are a fish lover Friday night is all you can eat fish and chips. John Taffer would find little wrong with this place and I have so much respect for his opinion, he is the best in the biz. Do yourself a favor and stop in and have a cold $2.50 beer and sit a spell, you will be glad you did.
5	First time there. Food and service were great!! I ordered the fish and chips and my hubby ordered the meatloaf. The only thing we found lacking was that there was no seasoning on the fries. Other than that, everything was great!!!! We will be back on a Friday so that I can have the all you can eat fish-best I've had in a while!!
4	New to the area and wanted to try it out. I loved it!! Great bar, WAY bigger on the inside then it looked from the outside which was a nice surprise. Great food, Great atmosphere and great people. Would give it 5, but the service is a little on the slow side. Im not expecting super fast service and always being check on...... but the couple of times I have gone there It takes a while to get someone to us right away (usually you seat yourself) and the bartenders don't really seem very interested in the new people that walk in..... Other then that!! I love this place. Went on a Sunday night by chance and they had a super fun trivia night! It was so cool to see people getting into it they way they do!
5	First time here for Wednesday "date night" with my mom. We decided to try something we've never had: pickleback (bushmills whiskey with pickle juice chaser) down the hatch! Not something I'd normally go for (and probably wouldn't again) but that's because I'm a huge baby when it comes to shots..I think I liked the pickle juice more than the whiskey.  Check that off my list and we're onto the mini irish sausages appetizer.. I'm not a sausage fan but again, for the sake of stepping out of my routine I gave this a whirl. Paired with the plum dipping sauce, it actually was enjoyable. Reminiscent of breakfast sausage with maple syrup. Mom and I decided to split our meals so we could taste more menu items. She ordered the Atlantic cod and chips with cole slaw and I got the Reuben with a side of Guinnes beef barley soup. Where do I start? How about with my most enjoyable food? The soup, although heavily salted for my taste (and mom's), was hearty and delish. I wouldn't mind eating that as a meal. The Reuben was stacked with flavorful corned beef and the right amount of thousand island and sauerkraut on a nice crunchy rye bread. Yum. Enough said. Mom's favorite: the cod. One good sized piece fried to perfection. With the included sides, this was a big portion size. I really liked how the "chips" were more or less potato wedges. I thought the cole slaw was a little dry and I think it needed more vinegar, as it fell a little flat on flavor for me. All in all, we liked our food. We actually put our phones down ;) to eat so we didn't get any pictures of the meals like we did for the drinks and appetizer. I thought about giving this review 4 stars but bumped it up to 5 because we had fast, friendly, and attentive service from a knowledgeable staff in a relaxed and unique environment. This was also reasonably priced at about $40 for the two of us (before tip).I'm thinking I'll go back again!
3	Food was really good!  I had the shepherds pie which tasted great but it was a Lil more runny than I prefer.  Service was good.  I wasn't really impressed with the atmosphere.  Johnny Fox's is better for an Irish setting.  We wanted to play pool while we were here but that room was over run with a bunch of meat heads playing darts, maybe they were rugby players I don't know.  It was dinner time and most if the customers were senior citizens.  Doubt I'll come again.
4	Love this place. Alecia is the best waitress. Great homemade soups, fish & chips, shepards pie. A keeper!
5	My family and I love it here. We used to go once every week to two weeks but it's a little expensive and we're trying to cut back.  The food is always amazing. The seafood chowder, fish and chips, and bangers and mash are to die for! The wait staff is always super nice, they recognize us when we walk in.  I can't drink yet but my mom will occasionally get a beer and there's a wide variety to chose from.
5	Staff here is Amazing and very Friendly. Great place to take the family or hang out with friends and have a few drinks. They have a really nice patio with a bunch of Tvs on it with a fire pit in the middle.
5	Excellent food and service. Authentic Irish. Charming waitress!We will be back again!
5	Good food. Good view and good service. Had dinner outside and had a nice view if the white tank mountain.  I had the Guinness meet and mushroom pie and it was well worth the wait for the crust to cook.
2	I came here on a Friday night. There were four people in my party.We arrived at around 7PM. When we got inside, the hostess wasn't there, but a nice girl let us know that she would be back momentarily. She got there a few minutes later and asked if we'd like to sit inside or outside. We opted for the patio. She asked if we were all over 21 (?). Not sure why. She let us know to just seat ourselves. Fine...We sit down and waited about 15 minutes for a waitress to take our drink order. When she finally arrived, she also asked us if we were all over 21. We nodded, since we were. She took everyone's drink orders (everyone ordered beer), and when she got to me, she said, "I'm going to need to see everyone's IDs." Why is it that two separate people asked if we were over 21, but didn't  bother checking IDs? Odd. I ordered Smithwicks (awesome beer) and the all you can eat fish fry. The fish was good, but they literally give you two tiny pieces of fish for every plate. It would make more sense to give more fish on the first plate, and less on the subsequent plates.The french fry's were okay, but the coleslaw was HORRENDOUS! There was no dressing on it whatsoever. They put dry cabbage on a plate and called it coleslaw. The pricey food coupled with the below average service, along with the lack of effort put into the food gives this establishment two stars. I would only return for the Irish Beer (and any Irish pub can supply that).
4	Loved this place! Amazing food! My husband and I ordered shepherds pie, and cornbeef and cabbage. Delicious! The waitress was super friendly too. The only complaint is the hostess seemed annoyed by everything. Maybe she was having a bad day.
5	They have it down. This place has good food and service. The review that tried it for first time on a Friday night at 7PM needs to try it again. This place gets very busy for their fish fry. And they ask for ID's because they turn in to a 21 and over establishment at 9pm for the live music on Fridays and Saturdays (Posted on their door before you walk in). The two pieces of fish they got on their fist order was probably because the kitchen was slammed with orders at that hour and wanted them to have their meals and not wait for them.
4	We had a great time when we went here to eat. My wife and I dined with a couple of friends and we ended up playing team trivia. It was a neat thing they had going on in the restaurant.I found the food to be really good. They know how to make the reuben sandwich, so I would highly recommend that. They have high prices, but if the food is as awesome as it was when we went I would come again.
5	I'm definitely a fan.  A couple of friends and I came here for a birthday celebration on a Saturday night.  I thoroughly enjoyed the pub atmosphere and the variety of choices on the menu.  I had the potato leek soup, which was perfectly creamy and...leeky?  LOL.  And I couldn't help myself...I also had Ciaran's Fish Sandwich, which has their Guinness batter fried fish on an egg bun.  It was super tasty and went well with my soup and beer.  The only thing I didn't especially like was the Irish band that basically prevented us from being able to have conversations with each other.  It was way too loud.  I love it when restaurants bring in local bands (but just like The Yard downtown)...turn the damn volume down!  It's not a concert and people do like to converse over plates of food.
5	After fours years of living here, and kept on talking about eating here. I finally had my chance! 1st mistake, do not take your wife who hates seafood, and can not stand the smell of fish here on Fridays! It's all you can eat fish fry! After getting over the smell, she was fine.Now I wasn't sure if this was a restaurant that serves beer? Or a bar that serves food. This place looks a lot larger from the outside, however it can still sit a lot of customers by using their outdoor patio.Now the food!I order the bangers and mash, I was very satisfied with this dish. Really enjoyed the sausage. Very good taste, loved the texture and seasoning. Our girls both had chick tenders, both liked their dishes very much. I actually tasted the tenders and I also agreed with them. Again, very good seasoning.Wife had a cheeseburger, and after taking a bite out of it. I knew she liked it, because of the grill taste of it! She loves her charbroiled flavor. I also had to get some hot wings. The girls like to have them every time we go out. They were good, and very tasty.Service was great, even though they were very busy for the Friday fish fry. They were able to take care of everyone without any problems.This is definitely a place to come back to, and we will.
5	Love love love 2-1 Mondays and Carl! Never eaten there but it looks delicious... Karaoke night is always an experience. Def recommend this bar.
5	Went here for the first time today - what a great bar! Food was really good - especially the fish and chips and the Reuben. Patrick, our bartender, was fast and efficient - friendly as well. :) Bathrooms and the bar overall were spotless and nicely decorated. Even though we live more than 30 minutes away we will definitely be back!
5	The bartending staff at Irish wolfhound is always working hard to make sure everyone feels welcome. especially after a long day at my restaurant it feels nice to come in and be recognized because they always know our names and what we usually drink it feels like our version of cheers. Dirty bird forever! !!!!
2	Went to Irish tonight and sad to say we had terrible service by Jennifer. We have gone here for years and it was always the place where we would take friends, coworkers etc. Over the years the service has gotten worse - with the exception of a few good wait staff. Decided to take a client out tonight for business. It was a mistake. She tended to our whole table with an unmistakable annoyance and it was taken very personally. My Client tapped another girl from staff on the shoulder and asked to talk to a manager and for that Jennifer kicked him out after ripping the drink out from his hands. It was embarrassing and shocking to say the least.
2	Kind of disappointed that the Guinness was not served at the proper temperature. The response? "We only have one cooler." So a properly poured Guinness it was not. Hamburgers were good. There was a sour smell at the bar.
5	First - REAL Irish food can be found here. Shepherd's pie, Black pudding, Irish breakfast, great boiled bacon, whiskey, soda bread, whiskey, Irish Stew, whiskey...Yeah, you get the idea.The bar is tended by real professionals that can pour you a perfect pint.You can then head out to the patio for a smoke and drink or shoot some darts in the game room.A great time at a great place where the service is fast, personable, and just never seems to tire of bringing me food and drink.
5	OMG, clearly the best Corned Beef & Cabbage EVER!! And they had Carlsberg beer on tap to go with it. Heaven.
5	Brian, Carl,  and Kristy are amaze -balls they are totes-mcgotes the bestest bartenders ever!!! Plus Cody is always a friendly face around the bar helping and making everyone feel welcome! !
1	Not sure what place all the reviewers are writing about ..... This place was horrible!!!! How does an Irish food place have awful Corned Beef and Cabbage???? Fish and chips were equally bad as well. Had to go to Jersey Mikes after.
4	Want a draft Guinness? How about some bangers and mash? This is the place. Want to watch football on a huge screen? Yep! Great service, oh yeah! If you want quiet, well not so much. Music, TV, people laughing. Friendly people. Definitely coming back, next time I'm in the area. Thanks Yelpers, for the recommendation!
3	Updated my previous review from 1 star to 3 stars.  I just have to remind myself that this place is primarily a bar and really not a restaurant - I guess I set my bar a bit to high when it comes to decent food.The wife was at the hospital with a friend yesterday so I was on my own for something to eat so I decided to give this place a second try after a few years since my first and only trip here.  The place was pretty empty with only about 6 or 7 tables occupied but that didn't stop the waitress from ignoring me for about 10 minutes.  She finally got my drink order and another 10 minutes my drink finally showed up. Food was OK but like I said, the Irish Wolfhound is not a real restaurant (hint: medium well means overcooked - burnt really) - more like a sports bar I guess (there are dozens of TV's on the walls).So....  minus one star for the lack of service and minus one star for over cooked burger.  But they are improving - my previous review was one star.
2	The food was good. Husband loved his fish and chips. My Shepards Pie was good,  could have had more vegetables.  Would order something else next time. IF there is a next time.  Had a glass of Mascoto wine. (A bottle of the same wine costs $13 retail) they charged $8.50 for my glass of wine. REALLY?? A glass of good red wine usually costs that much. The entertainment,  a guitar/singer, was a little lame but I know that must be a tough job.
4	Awesome!  I found good food near my house!  All you can eat fish fry!  Nice quiet place with billboards and darts! (Not the real kind)  Authentic decor. Plus the games on tvs. Outdoor smoking section!
1	Well...if you are showing up for the all you can eat fish fry...YOU will need to forget the enticing photo of their cod as seen above.  They use a different model of cod...little tid bites, as it were. And BLAND as HELL. A completely uninteresting cole slaw too!  I called the restaurant...loud bar phone, what fun...how reassuring.   So, I called back again later...to ask why the pic was not what we were served.  And I was told, first, without asking really, that it was "the same fish" and that it is "easier for the kitchen to make second" rounds that way.. And I said "but the very first plate was little bites, too"...blah blah blah...bs bs bs BLAND BLAND BLAND...and I have no taste bud impairment. Dont be fooled by fools that claim this fry is tasty. IT AIN'T!
5	This place is amazing and I've never been disappointed. The ambience and atmosphere are great, making you feel like you're in a true Irish pub and the food is top notch. The fish and chips is to die for and my friend's wife is from England and she was quite impressed, what better seal of approval is there? Never had anything bad here. The portions are big and everything is prepared fresh. The seafood chowder and corned beef are equally scrumptious. They also have a military discount, so bonus points for that. Additionally, there's a great outdoor patio with misters in the summer and a fire pit and heaters in the winter, sports on the TVs, a gaming room, live music on the weekend, etc. It doesn't get any better, whether you just want to have a few drinks with friends or have a delicious, lovely meal with someone.
5	Read the reviews and was mixed about trying this restaurant. I had run hotels and restaurants for 20 yrs and am a little critical. My wife and I work a lot of hours and wanted a dinner out so what the hell, we tried Irish Wolfhound for their Friday night fish fry. I have to say we were greeted immediately, seated in minutes and the server (Michelle) was right there. Took our drink orders, answered questions and was very friendly. Drinks came soon, Michelle took our order and I was impressed how soon our food hit the table. The food was hot, presented well and the fish was battered with a wonderful light beer batter. Usually all you can eat means you have to flag your server down and good luck! Not here, again Michelle was attentive to all our needs. I don't know about others but our night was very pleasant and I WILL be back, often! Oh, and Michelle is NOT a relative or friend. Try this place out.
5	Woohoo that Karl guy is amazing. I sure wish he worked every night, I understand that he can't but boy it sure would be great if he could! That would be super super awesome, because he is the absolute best. I want to live in a world where all the bartenders are as great as Karl!!!
5	Great place to bring the family and enjoy the game, the Dublin Coddle was fantastic!
5	Again, Tried the fish fry expecting not to be as good as the last visit, but guess what ? It was as good. So maybe some of you with the poor reviews may need to look in the mirror. Be friendly yourselves as you walk through the door and treat your server with respect and you will have a wonderful experience here (and anywhere). I will keep coming back. Good Job!
4	It was dark, crowded, but with a muted noise that wasn't offensive -- even for an oldster like me.  I had just had a nice winning poker session in a private game in Surprise, AZ and wanted a late night place to celebrate my win.  This place fit the bill.I started with some 12 year old Redbreast.  It was a little expensive -- so I thought when the waiter told me the price.  I completely reevaluated when he brought me the glass.  My God, it was at least a triple.  And what a delicious malt.  I ordered some "hot" wings to go with it -- hoping to absorb some of the alcohol so I wouldn't fall off my stool (I drink very little when I drink and have a low threshold for inebriation).  The wings were good -- flavorful, hot to the touch but relatively mild for their hottest of four options. The Redbreast was terrific, but way too much for me to finish -- since I was driving back to my motel  -- and AZ has very strict DUI laws.  I wish it was a motel lounge and I could have finished it and staggered back to my room -- or stayed another couple of hours for the effects to wear off.No matter, a pleasant environment for what I was looking for with good food and a generous pour.  What's not to like?
