5	I just had lunch at this spot and have to say I was very impressed. I eat and breathe food and when I come across a menu that is unique and fun to read I get very happy.The food here will not disappoint, I wanted to try everything on the menu. Man O Man save room for the deep fried PB&J on crack.
5	Where else can you order authentic orchata, chicken and waffles, Thai beef jerky, albondigas, Irish nachos, for tapas! & @ Champagne taste and style for beer prices! Literally flavor based, with a dash of soul, pinch of Asian sprinkled with Latin, all American tapas! I need to go back and try more dishes, like the ribs, monte cristo, tiger cry...
5	Boyfriend and I just left this place happy! Cant say anything but amazing things about Nosh & Swig! Cute clean cozy decor with excellent service and hospitality! Food was unique and just the right portion but perfect to share. We tried the rib stack, the chefs special grilled cheese, cock-a-waffle-doo, dragon claws, elote, bantam burgers just to name a few and washed it all down with a chata-effup and there mint & basil lemonade then finished it all off with there made to order cookiemon dessert mmmmmmm!! Wish i had room to try every single item on the menu but ill be back soon enough. If you live in Vegas or are visiting take it from this foodie this place is a must try!
5	Here is what I Love about this restaurant.  Think tapas small plates with fusion flavors from all over the world!  You can get Thai, Japanese, Italian, French, Mexican, American dishes.  Every dish is well thought out, balanced, and full in savory flavors.  The plating is beautiful , really a work of art. The prices are unbeatable for the great quality and presentation.  You really can't find another restaurant in Las Vegas that servers this kind of food. It is a completely unique concept that couldn't be executed more perfectly!
1	"The restaurant is four days old, and already has five 5-star ratings? Hmm, must check it out," I thought.Not so fast...What I suspect we have here is a lot of the owner's friends creating 5-star reviews to bring in curious Yelpers like me.  (You can tell because they're very "promo-ey" and not so critical/constructive).Let me give you the real deal, at this stage of the game.* They're still 4 weeks away from a liquor license, thus no adult beverages to go with your tapas (unless you BYOB, which everyone around us did -apparently they got the memo). We could have used some of that awesome sangria from you-know-where.* Seemed like they're suffering the same ethos that plagues many mom & pop restos -lots of friends and family hovering and trafficking in and out of the kitchen, like its an extension of their home kitchen. Kids running through the restaurant. Felt like we were imposing on a personal space, yet, we're paying customers. Awkward. * Had to request silverware, after the first appy arrived. We sat there looking at it, at each other, at it, scoured the surrounding tables to see if we could borrow a set, but nope. Eventually we flagged the hostess (co-owner)  who then brought a set. Then another set arrived a few minutes later from the server. A bit uncoordinated. * The water is unfiltered, so it was truly tap water from the best the Vegas pipes have to offer. Tastes terrible. * Dining partner had the muddled mint and strawberry lemonade. Tall thin glasses at $3.50 a pop. WIth ice, of course, so you'll be going through your drinks pretty darn quickly. My brother went through about six refills (which you do pay for). The hostess was nice and comped him one, I think because she knows that's a steep price for a tiny bit of actual beverage. * Cheese plate. $11 for tiny morsels of forgettable cheese! There was about $2 worth of cheese on the plate. Retitled, "Rip me Off Please Cheese Plate."* Chicharrones. My brother is a chicharrones aficionado (he guiltily admits). He took one bite and didn't touch the rest of it. His assessment, "No. Just, no."* Bucket of tempura veggies: edible along with the calamari. Hard to mess these up, but the calamari was comprised of super tiny rings. Lots of breading, not lots of calamari. Just kind of bummed at this point...* Lastly, bro ordered the cookie baked in a mini skillet for dessert. It arrives, with a plastic spoon. Odd. I watch him fight to get the tiny plastic spoon through rock hard ice cream while also trying not to let the spoon melt when touching the scalding hot cast iron skillet. Humorous to watch, yet, ridiculous. I flag down the server, ask for a metal spoon. He looks at my bro and asks, "What's wrong with that spoon?" "I can't eat the ice cream with it -its frozen solid."  So what he brings us isa huge serving spoon meant for back of house. Jolly Green Gian spoon. Whatever. My good nature is on its last tempura crumb at this point.* Asked for the check. Took 20 minutes... After check was paid (with hostess), we had the receipt with a large stack of bills sitting on the table. Server flys by and scoops up the stack of bills ($50).  "Whoa, cowboy, that's our change." Again, uncoordinated -I think they don't know who's doing what there, just yet. Server looked pretty young so maybe his first job while still in HS? Friend of the family, I'll bet... I keep saying to myself, ok, they're new. But lots of this stuff has nothing to do with new. Overall, not ready for prime time. And $50 later... feeling like I would have had a much better time, much better & filling food at Firefly. Everything on Nosh & Swig's menu can be had, in better quality, in their respective establishments around town. Leave the Korean to the Koreans, Japanese to the Japanese, White Trash to Simon, unless you can outshine them. Featuring variety is one thing, but variety without stellar quality = not coming back.
4	[This is a preliminary review for Nosh & Swig because the place has only been open a week and does not have a liquor license yet (though they are BYOB)]Nosh & Swig is a fusion tapas restaurant with some tasty dishes and fun food combinations.  The food is creative and the kitchen sends out dishes plated in imaginative designs on the plate.  Between the plating of the food and the inventive flavor combinations, Nosh & Swig is a place where you're encouraged to play with your food.We ordered a few meat plates and each was expertly-prepared, creatively plated, and fun.  The Nachos O'Brien consists of peppered pork on potato chips with stewed tomatoes in a creamy bechamel cheese sauce.  The flavors of the meat and cheese sauce were surprisingly well-balanced.  The potato chips were prepared by the kitchen and the fried flavor might have been too strong, but the peppered pork stands strong and the cheese sauce blends the whole dish.  The kitchen also did a great job with the short ribs plate--the ribs were glazed with Dr. Pepper.  The glaze was sweet and thick on the expertly-prepared, tender beef, which is served on amazingly sweet, crisp polenta cornbread and candied carrots.  The candied carrots were a bit much, but everything else was brilliant.The non-meat dishes were similarly imaginative.  The salmon skewers came cleverly prepared in a miso sweet glaze, making the fish taste almost honeyed.  The kitchen added a fresh seaweed salad that was an excellent compliment to the dish.  Our favorite dish on the menu was the Elote plate--corn covered in a sauce of garlic butter, cayenne and cilantro.  Wonderful combination--creamy and tart.  The dish is messy, but who cares.  The sauce mixes exceptionally well with the fresh corn underneath. Measuring the plates on their own, I think I'd only re-order the Elote, but that doesn't mean I didn't love Nosh & Swig.  The other three dishes we had were clever and fun to experience.  So much that I want to head back and try several more dishes.Note on the newer-status of the restaurant: Right now, the restaurant seems a little awkward.  The space is designed to be sleek and cosmopolitan--metal tables and comfy booths with small bookcases on the wall including books and busts.  They're not filling up the restaurant yet, so the space feels a little empty, but its more than compensated for by a staff that's working hard to make sure the customers are satisfied.
4	I dig Nosh & Swig. They had me from the second I walked through the door and they were playing Tupac. The vibe and the food are just too cool to pass up. Food porn that tastes as good as it looks.NOSH- You all I know I can nosh. Beef Lumpia-Wonton thing. Delish. Served with a sweet and spicy chili sauce and garnished with green onions. Not on the menu, but if you are lucky it just might be a Chef Special that day. Pretzel Brat $8- You REALLY need to order these. Chicken sausage, sauerkraut, cheese gravy on pretzel roll. I cannot begin to tell you how much I enjoyed this and I don't usually get down on kraut. Everything works with this and it came on two separate rolls which was perfect for sharing.Monte Cristo $7- ORDER THIS. My favorite dish here. The mellow melted goodness of the Gruyere complimented the smokiness of the Black Forest ham. But it doesn't end there. It's then topped with a perfectly fried egg and warm berry compote. Hot damn I loved this. Truffled Tots- ORDER THESE The best tater tots I have ever tasted. They were creamy, yet crisp on the outside and topped with shredded cheese. Every bite tasted of truffle and made me wish my friend I was dining with was allergic to potato so I could eat every single one of them. No such luck. We both battled it out for the last tater. You won't be disappointed with these and if you are well we probably wouldn't be friends anyways and your mutha's a whore.Cock-A-Waffle-Doo $10- This was good, real good in fact. My only problem and it's a total personal one because I'm not perfect is it was dark meat. I don't enjoy dark meat chicken, yet it was crispy, flavorful and worked well with the sweet Belgium waffle and Berry Maple reduction. P.S. I could drink the reduction all by itself. Spicy Edamame $2- Small portion, but not short in flavor. GET THIS, TOO. We destroyed this and loved the sauce so much we were dipping the tots in it. SWIG- I slurped up the Chata-Effup which was a-okay. I am still excited for them to get their liquor license because I know they will have some crazy good cocktails.Prices are cheap for the creative delicious dishes this place is bangin' out. Great place for sharing plates in a casual environment. The service was on point and friendly. These are good people executing great food and I can't wait to bring everyone I know back to grub and rap with me! IT WAS ALL A DREAM. I USE TO READ.....
4	Yessssss. Yum yum yummy. Four stars only because you can't swig just yet, but once that happens, I'm sure I will upgrade. Tapas is my new favorite thing since moving to Vegas. What do you know, small plates aren't a hot commodity in South Dakota. Anyhow, I loved my meal with the beautiful Jaime W. and we noshed to our hearts' content. Chicken sausage sliders, yum. Monte Cristo with an egg on top, yum. Truffle tater tots? Among the best things I have ever eaten. Make the familiar strange by elevating low class food, and we will be forever friends. I don't have the biggest affection for the lemonade. I was expecting muddled herbs, and I could definitely taste them, but I wanted the crushed basil and mint leaves in my drink, you know? However, put a lil rum in there and all is forgiven. Can't wait to see how this place evolves. It's kind of hard to find. I drive by it every day to work and didn't even know it existed until Jaime brought it to my attention. It's in a strip mall with a Subway. If you reach Lee's Discount Liquors you have gone too far (well maybe not right now because of them not having their liquor license yet!). They are a friendly husband and wife couple who run the place. $3-15 per plate. Definitely give it a shot!
5	Nosh and Swig is a diamond in the rough.  After living in Vegas for years and getting tired of the continuous downfall of Firefly (not to mention longer waits due to more and more tourists frequenting it), I am always in search of tapas.  I love trying a variety of different foods and being able to share small plates with friends.  Nosh and Swig fills this void in my culinary world!! The restaurant is hip and modern.  The staff (props to owners Steve and Laurie) is attentive and friendly.  Yet, most importantly, the food is amazing!  The menu is laid of by protein (or lack there-of since there is a vegetarian section) and it is filled with fusion flavors.  This could be overwhelming at a restaurant, but not here, because it is done right.  The portions are perfect for sharing and the prices are reasonable so you are able to taste a variety of foods and flavors.Everything we tasted was delicious and it was almost impossible to agree on a favorite.  I can't wait to go back again and continue to sample and explore the menu (as well as the bar menu- they will be getting their liquor license soon!).
3	I am really in two minds about this place, a second visit will be needed, by then I hope they have the place running smoothly AND they take notice of a couple of reviews on here, mine and CF would be a good start.We showed up early, just after 5, as the only customers in the place I was happy to be greeted and sat immediately.The menu is ok, no where near as extensive as some Tapas places I have been to, but there should be a couple of dishes for everyoneThe drinks, yep I have to agree here with CF, taking a thin glass, filling it with ice, then adding a very small amount of liquid isn't the way to go, design over use strikes again, you can get away with that if you are serving premium drinks, but these are not premium.I really need to get this out of the way now, this place screams of an owner thinking about what he likes rather than what his desired customers would like. The seating looks good, but in reality isn't that comfortable and the music choice...Where do I begin, ok, they are aiming for a hip crowd, fair enough, but hip crowds also have kids, gangsta rap really isn't the best idea in the world, to be playing in a restaurant at 5pm, I personally can just block it out, but with the demographic of the area (predominantly older) yeah they may have issues....I totally get that a restaurant should be an extension of the owner/chef, but a neighborhood tapas place isn't the right venue....Anyways food for thought.On to the important stuff, the food. :There are some very good dishes, then there are some that I really just wanted to run in the kitchen, grab one of the iron skillets and smack the chef upside the head, just so I could get a clear picture of what he was thinking.The sticky bun tacos, very nice, the pork belly pieces could have been a bit bigger, but overall a good dish.Monte Cristo, certainly one of the gems, a great combination.gai satay, I was in two minds about this dish, I love traditional satay, this is not a traditional version, but after my second piece I decided I liked it, leaving the skin on gives it a slightly different taste and a way different texture.The Hodgepodge....Ok, this is the dish that had me almost running to the kitchen and is the main reason this place got 3 stars instead of 4 (well ok, hearing the F bomb dropped every 10 seconds for the first 20 minutes we were there also helped, but mostly this dish).If you are going to open a Tapas restaurant, DO NOT BUY AND SERVE products purchased from US Foods or Crisco, the potato tots I can forgive in this respect, but french fries and sweet potato fries directly from the bag, you have got to be kidding me.Make the fries fresh, it's easy to do, cheaper for the restaurant and they taste better. A way better dish would be just taking the tater tots by themselves, they tasted great, the fries tasted just like they had come from a bag, sad.For dessert, well actually I was going to pass, but the cream cheese lote sounded good, so we decided to split it.....And there was the best dish of the night perfect texture, great taste, the only let down was the fork, it wasn't plastic, but it was one of those that are so thin, when you look at them they bend and in fact, ours did bend, yes a crepe (call it Thai flat bread if you like it isn't, but whatever) bent two forks....This place has potential, but it needs a reality check or it won't be around long, the staff are pleasant, the service quick and friendly, this could be a great place with just a little thought put into it.
4	This place is legit! Im so glad something like this opened up in the area. Sticky bun tacos and the elotes are bomb! Cant wait to come back to try the rest. I see many good things for this place.
3	I was looking online for a new place to try and came across Nosh & Swig and wow I'm so glad I did. I had the sticky bun tacos super yummy I cant wait to go again and try something new! Family owned business great people and their food is amazing you need to give them a try!!
5	Excellent food!!!!! Kinda my style of cooking but above all, excellent service, but yes, servers need to work on punctual timing in serving everything according to service. Don't know if that made sense but would love to try the rest of the items. Fun place for my generation in music and laughter. If you're going to be old and bitter with a close mind, don't bother going, cause it's made for open minded people who loves food and laughs. I highly recommend this place to everyone though....
4	I was here last night, mainly to finally meet some Yelp friends for a UYE.  I've been to other UYE's, but never to one in Las Vegas (where I live).  There's a first for everything and had a great time sharing personal and Yelp stories with everyone.  5 Stars for the UYE, 4 Stars for the restuarant ambiance & staff, and 3 Stars for the food & prices. My Eats:-Short Ribs (Beef):  This was my food highlight.  Dr. Pepper braised ribs that was so delicious.  Thanks Shawn H. for suggesting this.  You can smell and taste the Dr. Pepper with each tender bite.  The ribs are perfectly placed on top of Polenta Cornbread.  You have to eat this with fork to get the full experience. Their Short Ribs were worth the additional wait. Forgot to take a picture because I was so hungry by the time it arrived. -Bantam Burgers which is two beef sliders with white cheese.  I have actually had better.  Doesn't compare to 808 Tapas' sliders and messy for a slider. At least these were decently sized. -Fries and Tater Tots:  No my order, picked on Christina W's. Just okay, nothing special.  Better tots at Sonic's. Pros:-Nice ambiance, wide open and not dark like some other tapas locations.-TV by the kitchen bar so you're not missing the game.-Not a busy restaurant. New and not many know about this place.  As a result, getting seated shouldn't be an issue.-Service:  Even though there was a little snafu with one of my orders, they more than made up for it. Tons of employees for a average sized restaurant.  There's always someone available to take additional request and top your drinks off (i.e water, no booze). -Located on the east side of Las Vegas.  Not too many eats out here on the east side, Nosh & Swig is a change of paceCons:-Parking.  Small parking lot up front with a handful only being 15 minutes.  Parking at the back is an alternative.-Food is just okay for the price. -No swig at this joint.There's still a lot more for me to try on the menu.  Still want to try their Monte Cristo, Steve-O Grilled Cheese, Smokey Poke, and Salmon Skewers. PS:-Thanks Molly T. for putting this together-Thanks Stephanie S. for pulling my leg to finally show up for my first Las Vegas UYE.
5	Great place! Staff is friendly in this family owned joint. I will be back. Make sure you try the short ribs. WOW! Amazing!
2	Thank you, Lonie. I appreciate you taking the time to reply. And you know my review wasn't malicious, just a factual accounting of how the visit unfolded. My brother's tip $? I wasn't aware, but I think that's how he expressed his feeling of also being non-plussed. Curiously, I did receive a Yelp "compliment" from a certain male related to Nosh & Swig soon after my review. This compliment simply stated, "You're a bitch." So you might want to check with your cook-husband (or other partners?) to see if they felt the need to reach out to me in that particular way. [Definitely not returning, now... Who knows what would befall my food.]Lastly, I've had no less than 10 "thank you's" from fellow Yelpers regarding my review. Safe to say that I'm not alone in wondering where the overly generous 5-star reviews are coming from. Good yelpers aren't so easily impressed. 5-stars are rare, and usually hard-earned; saved for the highest level of culinary (and consumer) enjoyment.Good luck and continue with the improvements. Make sure you let the good reviews happen organically and honestly. And maybe take the Yelp keys away from whomever thinks its ok to be nasty to us patrons.
4	UYE @ Nosh & Swig!It was definitely nice to finally meet you guys, plenty of Yelpers to talk food and everything else for that matter!  So how does the food fare?There were a lot of really good dishes!  Some of them were not so memorable though.  I will start off with the yummy ones!1)  Dr. Pepper short ribs!  This was the reason why I came here!  Well, besides the Yelp meet anyways lol.  I had very high expectations, and it did not disappoint!  The meat is super tender, almost like pot roast, and pulled apart very easily with a fork.  The cornbread underneath was a very cool combination!  The only dish I considered ordering more than one, and every time I come here, it will be on my table!2)  Monte Cristo!  Never had one of these before.. It was very yummy, with a fried over easy egg on top....a complete breakfast in a sandwich!  I will order this one again!3)  PB&J was excellent.  Imagine a fried PB&J...it tastes even better than that lol.  This was one of the best dishes of the night...I will order this again.4)We ordered the truffle tots by themselves...can't say how much it was, but it was cheaper than getting the whole sampler.  The tots are very salty, but still good in my eyes.  You can taste the truffle oil, but the cheese + salt was a little too salty.  I would still probably order these again.5)  Dragon claws were cool.  It tastes like sushi wrapped into a jalapeno lol.  Fish tasted fresh and the whole combo works well.  Not sure if I will order again though.6)  Pretzel bratz with chicken sausage was cool.  They were like sliders with pretzel bread.  I was soo full at this point, but it was a nice dish to order.  I might order it again.7)  Smokey Poke was good.  The fish was nice and tender, tasted like sushi quality, but there was so much ponzu on there.  I really enjoy sushi, so you will probably like it....I just am used to enjoying the fish for themselves without being covered up.  I'd probably skip this one next time.8)  Fondue cheese itself was great.....The sides were not so much.  One of the sides looked like hamburger bread lol.  Most of the others were too big or two long, so you had to cut them all in half or more.  The skewer sticks didn't do the job well, so we ate it all with the fork.  I wouldn't order it again.9)  We tried the creme cheese lote too...didn't do much for me at all.  Barely tasted the creme cheese...it was pretty bland IMO and not an adjective I would use for a desirable dessert.  I would not order this again.Service was decent, and dishes took around 10-15min from order to table, even with our large party.  Cool tapas place to check out, with a chic/trendy feel to it.So now that I have written an entire book, I hope you check it out!
4	Look out Firefly, there's a new tapas place in town. Luckily for me, it's in my hood! To start, I've been reading the reviews on this place since day 1, yelp prompted me to my neighborhood goods. I figured the first 3-5 reviews were friends or family trying to hype this place up. Too good to be true type stuff. So Of Course when I heard about Molly's UYE, and with me recently becoming Elite, I was TOTALLY IN! My boyfriend joined me, and we arrived just a few minutes early. Overall the event part was great, and I love all my new yelp friends. 5 stars for that part no doubt! My nerves were quickly settled with everyone being welcoming. The food part was decent, and has potential to be really good. We ordered a monte cristo, good and filling but the ham inside was just eh. The chicken littles, very good. The sauce was unique and addicting. The tempura veggies. 2 outta 5. Not crunchy enough n a little mushy. The albondigas. GREAT, but more like over baked risotto balls to me. Either way, I'd order them again. I had the special, spicy noodle soup with tofu, a salty spicy ramen with a few veggies. The cookie-mon at the end was the best part, a gooey warm choc chop cookie with ice cream, YES PLEASE!  Also tasted the truffle tots and Thai jerkey of some other yelpers, enjoyed them both. I seen a few complain about the price but for all I mentioned as well as 2 of the watery strawberry lemonades, (yes the ones I should have listened and not ordred) but our tab was $45 and I thought it was priced great. One of the main reasons i will return actually. I hope this place works out it's few kinks and keeps up the good work. The employees were nice, the atmosphere was friendly. Excited to come again and see if I get the same attention as a stranger.
4	We must have gotten very lucky with our picks (10+) because we did not try a single item that was not delicious. We shared sticky bun tacos, monte cristo, short ribs, smokey poke, dragon claws, paella, gai satay, cock-a-waffle-doo, korean bbq wings, and nutty popeye. My favorite by far was the paella, followed by the korean bbq wings. It was BYOB so we shared two bottles of wine as well. The staff was very gracious and accommodating despite the craziness of having several large parties to deal with. I am not thrilled with the aesthetics of the restaurant and the open kitchen concept, but to each their own. The restaurant did appear clean which is much more important to me. Although this is a great start, I hope the best is yet to come for this little restaurant as they perfect their recipes and bring in the swig.
4	Thanks to Molly T for organizing an UYE at Nosh & Swig, otherwise I might never get to try this new tapas restaurant with influences from all over the globe or maybe just a fusion of Las Vegas cuisine.The restaurant is on the East side of town, in a busy strip mall.  Available parking spaces are oddly sparse.  The decor of the restaurant is kind of minimalist, with an open kitchen layout (but you will have to be seated at the counter right next to the kitchen to see the actions, otherwise you will only see the staff's heads as they go about their work).I was able to sample a decent portion of the menu, as the best part of having tapas are sharing it with your newest friends.  The Monte Cristo (which others have recommended in their Yelp reviews) was great. The jam was the secret ingredient that made the dish over the top for me.  The Dragon Claws was delicious without packing too much fiery capsaicin power.  The Korean BBQ Wings, was good, but way too salty and really spicy for me. But the kimchi was good. Maybe I just needed some rice with that.  Food, overall was above average, but the best part about Nosh & Swig's menu is what they are not offering from the other OG tapas restaurant.Service was admirably decent for handling huge parties, that were all clamoring (okay, maybe without the loud voices, the negative pushyness and protest signs) for the waitstaff's attention.  They were all very friendly and aside from a hiccup from here and there, the evening was fun.Solid "A-OK", but I had a lot of fun meeting new people that I am bumping it up to Yay! I'm a fan!
4	3 and a half star to be honest. Went here for the first time as part of Molly T's UYEAlright a little about me: My mom always told me that when ever we go to a buffet or a restaurant, look at the price of the item or the cost of the buffet and try to eat that much worth of food. With this programmed into me at a young age it's often hard to steer away from this mentality. Anthony M can vouch for this as he seems to believe i am capable of devouring everything in front of me at an alarming pace. So yeah with all this said, I do admit that i generally do not like tapas places because the portion sizes are way smaller then they need to be at entree prices. I do fully agree with Anthony M that Nosh & Swig deserves some extra kudos points for not being the cookie cutter run of the mill 'oh look bacon wrapped dates...oh joy bacon wrapped shrimp...' tapas places. Not that there's anything wrong with bacon wrapped dates and bacon wrapped anything. Just saying that after watching nothing but action movies where everything EVERYTHING has to in some way shape or form explode it's nice to break it up with a romantic comedy or two. Just sayin. That and before i get anymore complements it's Anthony M that pointed this out to me so the idea is not original i'm just agreeing with what he told me in person seeing as he hasn't written his review yet.So i ordered the chicken and waffles because the Urban in me likes chicken and waffles. The price was decent (10 bucks). What came out was a standard sized waffle that wasnt too crispy but had a decent texture. The chicken was a de-boned thigh that was butterflied and stretched out to cover the waffle. Sauce provided was a blueberry reduction syrup like thing. A nice gourmet spin on an otherwise dangerously unhealthy comfort food. Overall my favorite were the dr pepper braised short ribs, nice flavor that wasnt too overpowering and very VERY tender. Seeing as i dont live on the east side, nor the north side, safe to say no where near the north east side; i just dont see myself going outta my way to go back to Nosh & Swing unless it's another UYE hosted by someone i know.Would i recommend this place to people that do live in the area. Yes, yes i would as they're doing something new in the tapas scene. Hopefully next time i go back they'll have their liquor license and we can have some cocktails along with our finger food.Yelp 100 - 004 of 100
4	I love tapas. And I love little locally owned eateries. So when Jaime W. invited me to Molly's UYE at Nosh & Swig, I was super excited to check out this new place.Nosh & Swig offers up delish little plates of unique and interesting foods served up by warm and friendly employees. When we were there it was only Nosh, no Swig, but the owners were gracious enough to allow customers to BYOB. Located in one of the numerous, plain-jane strip malls around town, Nosh & Swig is one of those places you may just drive on by if you aren't looking for it. Inside, the area is split in half, with cozy booths and movable tables to sit at.  I personally enjoyed the classic hiphop playing in the background, it made for some great conversation at our table. I sat with Jaime, Candice and my husband, and we all ordered our own dishes but shared the majority of them.  Nosh & Swig is a little pricey for the serving sizes, particularly the drinks. I had a thai tea with boba ($3.50) but the cup was so small and there was so much ice, I only tasted 2 pieces of boba (my husband got a fantastic cup of french press coffee for $1.50 though). I started with one of the daily specials, a fruit gazpacho (Do not recall the price). It was light, cool and refreshing... and served up beautifully in a martini dish with a shaved melon flower as a garnish. I had a taste of the Pretzel Brats ($8) and was blown away, I had no idea that chicken sausage could taste so good!  The tiger cry ($9) was another standout. But my absolute favorite was the brie dawg ($6.50) which tasted as good as it smelled. Us ladies shared the Uni-cones ($6) for dessert, one of the owner served it to us and made sure things were tasty and service was ok. I personally thought everything was on point, even the slightly high prices weren't ridiculously high and besides... I'd rather pay a higher price to help a new locally owned business succeed then be a cheep ass and watch it fail! If you enjoy noshing and want to try something different then what you see at the  usual tapas joints, giver Nosh & Swig a try. (Probably wise to call and see what the liquor policy is first, in case they got their license and no longer allow BYOB!!)
4	The thing that got my attention while looking over Nosh & Swig's menu was the small plates style of eating.  Not tapas though, as this is not Spanish cuisine.  There are quite a few Asian influences throughout the menu, so don't expect your typical tapas mainstays like bacon wrapped dates and such.  After dining here a couple times, I've been able to sample a good spread of their menu.  In no particular order:Aloha Tips: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=36qA9mbLAm4UzNJfqBz9SQ#36qA9mbLAm4UzNJfqBz9SQ)  They're kalbi short ribs, good but not the most amazing rendition of kalbi.  Comes with kimchi veggies and a spicy sauce to dip your tips.Cock-A-Waffle Doo: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=Kbg2FSaGuUUHqISOeCtftg#Kbg2FSaGuUUHqISOeCtftg)  I'm usually not a chicken and waffles kind of guy, but this hit the spot.  The chicken was nicely fried and juicy, the waffle was a waffle.  But it came together good with the syrup.Dr. Pepper Short Ribs: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=WcIitJmcgoImCuBXCkN-yg#WcIitJmcgoImCuBXCkN-yg)  Super tender!  I wish it came with more sauce, and another piece or two of cornbread, but these ribs were a winner.  Sharing is not a problem since the meat easily comes off the bone with just a fork.Elote: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=7TuYpBuRIeP8Zc7al5oEIA#7TuYpBuRIeP8Zc7al5oEIA)  Wasn't a huge fan, it tasted like corn and cheese to me.Monte Cristo: (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=24ey0doywCMI3dz09FLNNw#24ey0doywCMI3dz09FLNNw)  Another winner!  Ham + gruyere + egg + berry compote = delicious.  The compote is on the side, so you can choose how sweet you want each bite to be.Pretzel Brats: (Photo with Hawaiian Bun: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=ivFmmcFBhvZxQ3EpAb8xsw#ivFmmcFBhvZxQ3EpAb8xsw) (Photo with Pretzel Bun: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pWVunvvwXmNLmJ0F9MldQQ#pWVunvvwXmNLmJ0F9MldQQ)  The first time I ordered this it came on a Hawaiian bun because they were out of pretzel buns; no big, either bun works great for me.  The brats are chicken sausages, and the cheese gravy is delicious; that should be a dipping sauce.I lied earlier.  I listed the dishes in alphabetical order, but I bet you didn't catch that.  It's okay, the pictures make for an acceptable distraction.Overall Nosh & Swig has a lot of decent dishes, and a few really good ones.  As of mid-January they really should have just been called Nosh since they didn't have their liquor license yet.  I'm really interested in what their drink menu will consist of and how it will pair with their food.  For that alone, I'm sure I'll be back for more in the future.
4	Looked up the newly added businesses in town and i saw two things about Nosh & Swig that caught my eye, Tapas and east side of town. They wife and i ordered ALOT of food for the 2 of us but we didn't eat all day since we new were were going here. Everything we had had great flavors and was presented beautifully. There is so much more to try and I can't wait to go back! Service was outstanding and the staff and owner stopped to have a conversation with us.
5	Amazing tapas. Creative. Haven't had a bad meal.
4	We came here to check out the new tapas in town. Loved all the dishes we ordered. Our total bill is not that bad for three people. The food is awesome  as well as the service. Clean and unique. It's still a brand new restaurant and there are some things that still needs to be taken care of. But I just wanted to request, I hope they can make the serving glasses a little bigger.Its nice to see a place like this to have a big impression as far as food is concerned, nicely put together. Good presentation and it tastes AWESOME!  I'm definitelygoing back to see how they are doing and to check out other delicious foods. Congratulations Nosh & Swig, I am a fan.
1	This place has honestly taught me to never fall for a restaurant with barely 20 reviews, especially when 95% of them are all five stars, which is really hard to come by in the Yelp world unless you're friends with the owners or something.Walked into the establishment and wasn't sure if it was open since no one acknowledged our presence. It wasn't until we asked the girl at the hostess stand if we had to sit ourselves, which was odd since there was only one other table sitting inside the restaurant around 6pm with more than five people on the floor. From that moment on, we had this weird vibe about the place knowing that the staff wasn't sure what they were doing, or had any knowledge when it comes to any type of customer service.Next, let's talk about food. This place offers a variety of things and I like that. I mean, it's kind of what you would expect at a tapas restaurant, right? Reviewed the pictures on Yelp to double check what we wanted and decided to go with these:Cock-A-Waffle: We honestly lowered our expectations since we're jaded with this famous concept from Roscoe's in Los Angeles but honestly, it was bland, dry and flaky. The fried chicken? Kind of similar to the fried chicken packs you could find in the deli section at Food-4-Less. The waffles? It was hard and tough. I had to drizzle my maple syrup all over the plate to soften it up a little then finally decided to call that my dessert.Elote: On the menu it says that the corn are grilled, which we didn't even taste at all. It tastes as if they were just boiled while hiding that fact with random sauces and garnishes. That would have been ok if they didn't mention that they were grilled on the menu. But seriously, to mess up corn says a lot about a restaurant.Dragon Claws: Their version of a Japanese popper. Probably the best thing that we've had there but doesn't even compare to the ones you'll find at any sushi restaurant.We lost hope in this place and didn't remember the names of the last two items that we ordered. One was the bite-sized lasagna dish, served on top of a circular skillet plate and the other was similar to a steak bruschetta. Both were nothing special. Came to this place VERY hungry so you would think we would enjoy any kind of food but it turned out to be the exact opposite. Beverage glasses were thin and narrow so we didn't even get full off of water either and THAT was ok. We just wanted to leave to make up our experience with a better dinner somewhere else.Maybe I'll give this restaurant another shot next year. Maybe then they'll finally decide to invest in an Aloha System so it doesn't take ten minutes to receive your check and ten minutes to process it (with a card). Maybe their staff will be better trained and knowledgeable about the menu as well so they won't have to disappear every now and then every time we would ask a question about a plate. Or maybe when this place has more than 100 reviews I'll reconsider this place again. Until then, I won't be coming back.
5	Every single item we had was really really good.Ceasar salad (served in a very unique fashion)  check it out.  Those croutons!!Sliders (called bantam burgers).  Two juicy servings, white cheddar all over, on the messy side, but well worth it.The salmon skewers.  All I can say is so fresh, cooked to perfect moistness.  The pork belly buns.  Three servings, the dish looks beautiful.  Extra points for not being oily.  I have seen many greasy renditions of this dish, and I like the version here.Short ribs.  These are on the sweeter side if that is your thing.  Big portion, great price.  Tender, but still requires a knife to eat, if that paints a picture for you.For desert, we got the cookiemon, a baked cookie topped with ice cream.  Can't really go wrong with this dish, it takes time to make, because it's cooked fresh.  Highly recommended, owners are very endearing.  They care about you and the food they serve.
4	Cool atmosphere,  good music, friendly staff,  and pretty yummy food! Their mint and basil lemonade is so refreshing. We tried about 6 dishes and my favorite so far was the Sticky bun tacos. The bun was so light, pork belly melted in my mouth, and pickled cabbage was so crispy and full of flavor. I'll be back to try the Monte Cristo!
4	The first time I've had deviled eggs and they were pretty tasty.  Everything i had was very tasty. The staff is very friendly. The mint lemonade was refreshing on a warm day like today and free refills.
4	It was a date night for me and my better half, so after reading from fellow Yelpers what great food was served at their UYE, we headed to Nosh & Swig to give it a try. Service - when you decide to eat early as we did, guess who ends up being your server? The owner! She was very attentive and informative, helping us decide what to order. We even had a discussion about Yelp, and she mentioned appreciative she was of Yelp, yet how it was very much a love/hate relationship between them. My boyfriend probably could've done with less talk and chitchat with our dinner, but I didn't mind. He perked up when the owner mentioned that he get a free refill on his Thai tea. Yes, please!Atmosphere - Decor is very simple and casual. Music was playing pretty loudly as we walked in. As we were eating, the owner informed us she went and turned it down.  My bf and I like background music, but just that, in the background. We were there late afternoon, so it was pretty empty. I'm guessing it could get loud when it's busier, but we weren't sure what the ambiance normally is. Food - what did we order?Sticky Bun TacosSmokey PokeFrito CalamariTempura VegEloteLotsa MozzaEvery dish had great flavor. I've had a lot of poke in my days, I thought their version was okay. The Elote is grilled corn brushed with garlic butter, cayenne, and drizzled with cilantro pesto. Phenomenal! Yes, corn was that exciting! The Lotsa Mozza was recommended to us and it was delicious, herb cheese, tomato stacked on top of eggplant and polenta cake. Their menu definitely has me intrigued to visit again. We wanted to have room for dessert to try the Warm PB&J, but our tummies definitely said no. Next time :)
4	Great place!!! Can't wait to go again !!! Sticky bun Tacos & Truffle Tatar tots, a must order every time !!!!
4	Interesting menu for a tapas restaurant.  I have been twice now, and enjoyed it both times.  Some excellent items, such as short rib, crimini caps, salmon skewers, and aloha tips, but I would avoid the Monte Christo.  Undecided on the chicken and waffles.  The place is super casual, echoes of a diner.  But that fits with the neighborhood.  The price does not really fit with the neighborhood.  Plates average $6 to $10 each, with some higher, which was more than we expected, especially with less expensive tapas restaurants in nicer parts of town.  Staff is very nice, even changing the background music when we commented on the annoying rap music playing.  Will likely go back, if out of town friends come for a visit.
5	We did not do any swigging, but plenty of noshing.My friend and I ventured to Nosh & Swig at about 6 PM on a Thursday night. We were starving, having fasted all day and we were ready for tapas. I was also equipped with a $20 Groupon so we were ready to do some eating. The place itself has a "cool" vibe, with metallic chairs and tables. This is complimented by large sayings on the walls and interesting art work. The space itself though I felt was a little... "cold". I think if there had been more people there it would have felt a bit less that way. However, only one other person arrived during the time we were there.This is what we ordered -Smokey Poke ($8) - I love poke and this poke was quite good with, yes, a "smokey" flavor and some kind of sauce with a few potato chips served on the side. Pretzel Brats ($8) - Chicken sausage, pretzel bread, deliciousness. I LOVED this dish. I wish I had had two. I will be ordering it again.Hodgepodge ($11) - Just as the name implies this came with french fries (eh), sweet potato fries (eh), tater tots (pretty good!), onion rings (yummy, light exterior, very good)Dragon Claws ($7.5) - Spicay! I had one of the three because they were a bit spicy for my palate for some reason. Usually I'm all about spice, but just not tonight. However, for those looking for a kick - get these! Jalapeno. Spicy Tuna. Yum.Dessert! We wanted the cookiemon - they were out. Nothing else was really appealing to us, so the waitress suggested the chef just whip us up some chocolate ice cream with chocolate chips on it. It was a nice end to our meal.Customer service was fantastic. Our food came out quickly and our drinks were refilled numerous times. My card was accidentally run for the full amount of the meal instead of the price with the Groupon, but it was quickly fixed. I get it - sometimes stuff like that happens. And they even gave me a $10 gift card!Awesome spot. So awesome it is on the East side. I love it and I will be back!
4	Went a few days after they opened...very good.  They were still in the process of getting everything together but recommend this place and the food.  Look forward to going back soon.
3	I wonder if I am just being negative tonight?  Oh, well, on with the review...When we were first seated, we were served water in tall skinny glasses & seasoned popcorn in tiny buckets, very cute & unique.We ordered 6 items and shared: Singapore Greens & Nutty Popeye (salads), Hodgepodge (a tower of fried treats), Diablo Eggs, Elote (a corn on the cob dish that I didn't try), and Smokey Poke.Menu Link:http://www.noshandswig.com/nosh%20and%20swig%20menu.pdfThe salads were served in mason jars with the dressing on the side.  The jars are so you can shake the salad with dressing; clever.  Both were tasty though the Singapore Greens need a protein to round out the flavor profile, IMO. The Hodgepodge consisted of pomme frites, tempura sweet potato,truffle tots, & onion rings.  I liked the truffle tots, but a little overboard on the truffle oil & salt.  The presentation is a twisted & tiered tower; I posted a pictureThe Diablo Egss are deviled eggs (obviously), pretty regular, a little on the salty side; there is a recurring theme, appearing here.The elote was grilled corn in garlic butter with cayenne & topped with cilantro pesto.  I didn't try, sorry.Finally the Smokey Poke; little ahi tuna blocks in citrus ponzu, garnished with norichips & some type of fried squash or potato slices.  Great presentation & flavor, but SALTY...Ok, I broke down our food, now for service.  It was feast or famine: repeat visits in a short period of time or no one for many tens of minutes.  They were trying hard, I could tell, but they didn't appear to have any type of "table visit rotation" procedure. The waitstaff was friendly, regardless.Finally, ambiance.  There were cute touches, like the sign for the bathrooms was a street sign called "Flushing Avenue", clever.  Decorations were sparse and the feel, to me, was that of a hipster automat.  I didn't mind it, but it also doesn't stand out.I am hoping that all these issues are due to its relative age.  I will definitely try here again though it is FAR from my regular stomping grounds.  Great ideas & concepts, but spotty execution is my overall impression.  Oh, yeah, and salt.
4	I am a pretty harsh critic when it comes to food AND service combined to create an experience. I am giving Nosh & Swig 4 stars-- this is a VERY good review from me!!!I I bought a groupon cause I love small bites and apps and nosh's. From the starter of popcorn in cute little metal tins to a wonderful sweet blond waitress who had personality and an eagerness to please that i really appreciated!       The number one thing you should order is the Chicken polish sausage on pretzel bread..AMAZING!!!! The mushrooms were ok- just eh, they were out of a few items, the mac and cheese was to die for and out of the hodge podge...the o-rings and truffel tots were finished off completly! We didnt make it to dessert, but want to try the pb and j next time.   I am so thrilled with groupon for including this place, would never have known they exhisted. Hope they do more offers, either way, we WILL be back!!!!!! GREAT atmosphere, good food, nice server..... I am very happy :)
4	I would like to say that everything here is NOSHtastic and SWIGalicious. This gem has been open for about a month. It's hard to find (especially at night) because they don't have an illuminated store front sign just yet. So keep your eyes open! The decor is modern. Clean and simple. There are smaller booths around the restaurant that seat 2-4. Large tables are available for bigger parties. There are an ample amount of high top bar tables that seat about 3 per table. Where the high top tables and booths are, you can see the open kitchen. It's a lot of fun to watch especially when they start pumping out their food. Their food is tapas style, so don't expect large dishes that fill you up with leftovers to doggy bag. Everything on their menu screams fusion. Can't really put a finger on what they're a fusion of so I'll say that they fuse flavors from all around the world! The menu itself is super adorable. They separate their items by categories: pork, beef, chicken, seafood, veggies, cheese and dessert. Within each category, they have around 7 or 8 dishes to choose from. Each plate is priced anywhere from $5 to about $12. I took my cousin and we were content after 4 dishes. And then we saw servers carrying plates of food to other tables and decided to order 2 more dishes. In part, this was a big mistake. We had no room for dessert and became overly stuffed. - Complimentary popcorn: What a cool way to substitute your average bread and butter basket! Perfect amount of butter. - Sticky Bun Tacos: Fried pork belly, pickled cabbage and ginger soy. The pork belly wasn't greasy. I personally think this dish would be better if the pork was shredded. Total of 3 small tacos. - Albondigas: Meatballs with salsa roja with sliced jalapenos. Even without the jalapenos, there's a kick of heat in the sauce.- Brulee Salmon Skewers. Three pieces of salmon on a stick with a honey miso glaze and a side of warm Japanese cabbage salad. I thought the honey miso glaze tasted a lot like regular teriyaki sauce.-Pretzel Brats: 2 mini sandwiches - chicken sausage with cheese gravy and sauerkraut on pretzel bread. This was my fave, hands down. - Cremini caps: Mushroom caps filled with asiago cream and caramelized onions. For all you mushroom lovers, this is a very yummy appetizer. I can sit and muNch on these babies all day. - Tater Tots with truffle oil and parmesan cheese: the tots are super crispy on the outside with a soft and tender potatoey goodness on the inside. Truffle oil taste on every bite. I can munch on these all day, too. Shout out to Groupon for making this trip possible! Although Nosh & Swig is clear across town from my house, I'll be back to nosh and swig some more.
3	I like the popcorn that accompanies every meal; it has an interesting seasoning. The ribs were delicious. I could've done without the paella. Great prices and variety.
2	A friend of mine invited us out to dinner here. We ordered the calamari, the fondue, the Monte Cristo, the short ribs, the Lotso Matzoh, and a few other things I didn't try. The Monte Cristo was the only thing I enjoyed - and credit where credit's due, it was fantastic. If that had been the only thing I'd ordered, I'd have given four stars. My wife said that the short rib meat was OK, but the sauce was burned. The calamari was so heavily breaded and soggy that it was just gross. Don't think I'll be going back.
4	the food has great presentation but the decor is drabby and needs to be more lively with more style. the tuna poke was excellent as well as the cookie with ice cream. i would go back for more food to enjoy.
4	I love small plates, oh yes I do. I have wanted to try this place since they opened and once I saw the Groupon deal available, that cinched the deal. I came here with my mom and fella for an early lunch while we were running errands in the area over the weekend. Walking in the place was empty, but since it was so early, we cut them some slack. We were seated quickly, in a booth of our choosing. The table was a little wobbly, but ok. Perusing the menu, I was drawn to all the interesting and creative menu items. We decided to order quite a few different items and share them, which is what I love about small plate restaurants. Sharing is caring after all, y'all.We tried the Nachos O'brien, Monte Cristo, Chicharron, Carne Asada Sliders, Sticky Bun Tacos, Elote, Pescado Frito and Singapore Greens. We clearly over ordered, but we were excited to try as many things as we could. The standouts to me were the Nachos O'brien, Chicharron and Elote. Everything was solid, but I would definitely steer away from the sandwiches and sliders next time. The Sticky Bun Tacos were tasty, but the bao wasn't the freshest I have ever had. I quite enjoyed the filling and would definitely order this again. The Chicharron and Elote were spicy and oh so tasty. The addition of tator tots was an interesting flavor added to the chicharron, but it was still really good. I could eat these two dishes all day long. Everything on the menu was really fun and innovative. I enjoyed the play on words and cheeky item names. You've gotta love food with a sense of humor.Our server was incredibly attentive and came back with refills very regularly. If only their cups and glasses were a larger, more reasonable size, then she probably wouldn't have had to come back and forth with refills quite so often. There were quite a few cooks in the kitchen as well and all our food came out quickly and almost rapid fire at one point. My guess is because they weren't too busy, they were able to focus all their attention on us. Service was fun, food was great and I can't wait to come back with a larger party to enjoy some more of their fun cuisine.
4	Took advantage of the Groupon offer to try out this fairly new place located a few miles from LVBLVD in the Jacinta strip mall. It's a tapas style restaurant where they have an eclectic representation of international as well as American comfort style dishes served up in small plates. The menu is in a little flip type book organized by pages with header pictures of: Pork, Beef, Chicken, Seafood, Greens, Cheese, Desert and Drinks.  Also Vegetarian friendly dishes were indicated with V and color coded green on the menu.   It made it easier figure out and zero in what we wanted to try out. Thing is we wanted to try alot of dishes and it took a few minutes for Bonnie P. and I to decide what we wanted to have for lunch.  We  on settled on four of them which our server said was plenty enough to start out for both of us. What we NOSHed on:Monte CristoTeri ChickenCock-A-Waffle-DooBaked & Blazed Fun presentation and not so small plates after all. The portion was enough for two people to share. (Well especially if you plan on ordering 2+ more small plates) My favorites: the Monte Cristo, loved the combo of the fried egg, ham with mild flavor of the Gruyere cheese oozing and the touch of sweetness of the berry compote. Also the Cock-A-Waffle Doo! The cornflake crusted fried chicken, meat was moist, had flavor and was juicy. Crust was crunchy and again a touch of sweetness with a berry maple syrup reduction.  I love the fusion of savory and sweet in these dishes! Both "small" plates I  I definitely would order again!The Baked & Glazed and Teri Chicken also pretty good.  The fussili pasta was cheesy and made the perfect comfort food dish and also vegetarian friendly! The Teri Chicken was grilled and I like the garnish of crunchy won ton strips.We made room for dessert and chose the "cookimon'" which was a cookie baked right into a mini cast iron pan. So that little sucker was warm and the chocolate chips slightly melted and topped with vanilla ice cream and whip cream.  Kinda reminded me of BJ's Pizookie! The Cream Cheese Lote, which is the version of Thai flatbread was more like a crepe but rolled up. It was spread with cream cheese, rolled up and drizzled with a simple vanilla sugar glaze (Creme Anglaise)Service was great! Our server was really sweet and friendly. She truly liked and believed in the dishes she serves up and shared with us what she had tried out as well. Just a minor issue of check when presented, Groupon discount was indicated on check but not deducted..brought it to attention of our server who corrected it right away. We were there during the dead zone hour between lunch and dinner so it wasn't busy much.  Two other parties were just finishing up and a large party was setting up towards the end of our meal.  Our dishes came out paced at the right time, there was no awkward long waits between the dishes . The atmos was casual with tunes of the likes of Bob Marley playing in the background. Our lunch ended up being an enjoyable two hours. Stars for creative dishes, fair value and portions, good service, and fun place!  I shall return to NOSH again!
4	This tapas style restaurant is located in a very unassuming little strip mall along E. Flamingo.  Blink your eyes and you might miss it because of the small sign outside the storefront.  But try NOT to miss it because it's GOOD! I was immediately greeted by the chef in the kitchen and the server.  I told them I was waiting for a friend (shoutout Shirley B) and the server sat me with a menu asked if she could take my drink order.  When Shirley arrived we were mulling over the menu, which has a large assortment of small dishes.  The server was super nice and offered to help answer questions about any of the meals.  Her enthusiasm for the restaurant and the food was infectious - I was, like, so excited to try a million dishes!  She also gave us advice on how much to order and if we hadn't listened to her we surely would have had way too many leftovers.  She started us out with a little bucket of sweet & salty popcorn.  Sweet and salty anything is like a dream for me.  Also, big ups to her for keeping water filled the entire time.   We had quite the variety at our table.  Cock-a-Waffle-Doo, a cornflake crusted fried chicken on top of a waffle served with a blueberry maple syrup reduction, was not only adorably named but a fun and delicious dish to eat!  Baked & Blazed, a fusilli pasta with white cheddar cheese was a mac & cheese dish to die for.  And not small by any means!  These are just a couple of dishes among others.  For dessert - COOKIEMON!  Warm chocolate chip cookie made mushy and delicious when topped with vanilla ice cream.  How can you beat this simple but savory dessert dish?Simplistic/modern but colorful decor that almost feels like it's missing something.  There are cubes on the wall near the kitchen and you can see the holes where a couple of them are missing.  I'm not taking off stars for that but I just feel like this place needs something to make it "complete".   Mixture of low and hightop tables and booths in a larger dining room than you imagine from the outside.  I loved the music choices but every now and then I would "tune in" and hear Bob Marley.  I LOVE Bob Marley but maybe a little more variety?  Once I noticed Reel Big Fish was playing.  Cool haha, don't hear that every day.  One small snag when Shirley B. presented her Groupon.  The groupon was written on the check but not reflected in the total.  She sorted it out right away with no hassle.  I read in another review that someone else had this small issue.  Hmm.  This place overall will have me coming back because there are so many small dishes that I have yet to try!  Great place to come with friends and split a variety of plates so you can dig into all of them.
3	I came in for a meetup event and they had a set menu because we had a group of 20 people or so. It started out with flavored popcorn on the table presented in a 3 tier display. It looked really cool and something I would have never thought of for popcorn. They do have a diverse drink menu and I really enjoyed the Elderflower cider. It was nice a white wine spritzer. The first course was the spinach salad and it came out in a Mason Jar. The ingredients are all in the mason jar,  you add in the salad dressing, shake it up and pour into your bowl to eat. Definitely an interesting and fun presentation but I would have liked more salad. The next course was Cocka waffle doo. I liked the fried chicken with the sauce and would totally order it again. I have no comment on the waffle because I didn't eat it. The dessert was the cream cheese lot'e, which is like roti with cream cheese in the middle and warmed in sticky syrup. I am not a fan of cream cheese so I squuezed as much out as I could, but still did not like it because the  roti roll was way to hard to cut and eat. Like chewing beef jerky. In addition, I ordered the Smokey Poke. That plate was awesome because the tuna was fresh and the flavors did not overwhelm the fish. It was also a generous portion.
5	Took the whole family to eat here and we all loved it! Very cool looking restaurant inside and very laid back atmosphere. We tried several dishes and everything was delicious with a unique twist. For instance, the salads come in a big mason jar and you put the dressing inside and shake it up! Things that stuck out in our minds were the mac n' cheese, which is insanely good and the fried PB&J dessert...bliss. To me, the only thing I wished was different is how far they are away from me, but they're well worth the drive.
4	This is a very new restaurant and has a lot of potential to be very popular and great! My friend and I got groupons for it, but that was after the fact we decided on coming here so it wasn't necessarily the groupon that attracted us to it. The location is in an odd part of town and in an odd complex, but I was able to find it just fine. When we entered there was only one other party seated there, a table full of teachers on a Friday night. It was kind of funny! The decor is modern, clean, and diner like with booths, high tables and chairs, and solid colors. The menu is full of amazing items! Served tapas-style so they are pretty small portions, but quite filling. My friend and I were awed by the selection. The menu categorizes the tapas so it was easy to pick and choose from each page. We had the aloha Tri tips, the two chef's specials items of the night, which were tomato cream soup in a cute coffee mug with a mini grilled cheese sandwich on the side and deep fried cheese/rice balls (so delicious!), we also had the seasoned/herbed corn on the cobs, Mac and cheese, chicken bites, and also tried their mango moscato! So sweet and yummy, tasted like juice. Our bill came out smaller than expected considering we felt like we ordered everything on the menu and with tapas the price always seems to add up, so it was a nice surprise in the end. I have another groupon here I need to use so you know I'll be coming back!
3	I want to really like this place since it's such great concept and menu...I just think it needs a little more work execution wise.  The prices were great and they had a great beer/drink menu as well as having a clear categorized menu by pork,beef, chicken, vegetable...etc.  We went through almost each page ordering 1 item to try to hit as many things as we could.  Unfortunately I think most of the items needed a little more work.  What we ordered:Pork: Sticky Bun tacosbeef: tiger cryfish: dragon clawschicken: cock-a-waffle-doovegetable: tempura vegcheese: dessert: cookiemonout of what we ordered I think the dragon claws were the best, I would like to give this place another chance since the menu sounds very interesting and I think they have a lot of potential, no rush but definitely worth a second try at least.
5	FRESH AND TASTY!!!!!! The layers of flavor on all the dishes I ordered were unbelievable. The food speaks for its self. This is a restaurant  I can see myself eating at least once a week.  I gave Nosh&swing 5 stars based on the food its self. Nosh&Swing is a must eat at.  I'm really happy they opened in my neighborhood.
3	We had the groupon and came late for lunch on a Tuesday.  The place was nearly empty, only one other table dining, but it was about 2:45.  I tried the basil mint lemonade, but it wasn't for me.  It had too much basil, not enough mint, and the basil overpowered the lemon flavor.  I just got the regular lemonade, which was good.They bring you popcorn while you are looking at the menu, and it's GOOD.  I don't know what they put on it, but it seems like garlic powder and a bunch of other seasonings.  I bet it's crazy good when it's hot.  We ate 2 things of it.To eat, we had 4 dishes:  the monte cristo, the short rib, the chicken littles, and the ricotta roll.  My favorite was the monte cristo, it was perfectly crisp, they use corn flakes in the batter.  The egg on top was over medium, which I prefer, I don't usually like eggs ALL the way runny.  It had excellent jam underneath.  I absolutely will get this again.The short rib has a Dr. Pepper glaze.  This was too sweet, and overpowered the dish.  But, the short rib was perfectly cooked, very tender and easily pulled off the bone.  The dish needed salt and pepper to balance the sweetness.  But, after that was added, it was another winner that we will order again.The ricotta roll was a miss for me.  This is basically fancy baked ziti.  The sauce needed garlic, it lacked flavor.  They serve it in a cast iron dish, which keeps it hot to the point it was hard to eat.  The chicken littles were solid, you get a good portion for the price.  The sauce was more sweet and sour and not quite as much BBQ as we were expecting, given the menu mentions both.  But, it was solid.All in all, very good prices, and a comfortable restaurant.  There were many other dishes we want to try, so we'll be back.
5	Amazing food!!! Great service... knowing its a locally owned , family ran , mom and pop shop!!! It blows away the competition....
4	I really liked this place. The small plates they have are so interesting and they have so many different options from all over the map.There is something for everyone here. You can even find more health conscious items to go along with the more unhealthy menu items. My favorite was the chicken bites. Really good flavor and I like the monte cristo. We'll be back, even without a coupon.
5	What do you get when you cross fast food with tapas? Why, nosh & swig, of course!This place has some of the best tapas in town, yet its hidden away in a little shopping plaza that disguises it. The food here was SO good! Very creative  mixing of ingredients. For instance, the fish sliders had a kind of a creamy coleslaw on them that was so good i ate every bite, and i dont even like coleslaw!We tried a variety of foods as it was our first time here. ALL were delicious. Here they are: Short ribs: tender and delectable. Catfish sandwiches: WOW Chicken wings: crunchy and nice&BIG Vegetable tempura: again, WOW! Ive never seen my veggie-hating hubby clean a plate of vegetAbles faster! PERFECTLY cooked. And the SAUCE! Again, WOW!Dragon poppers: stuffed jalapenos. I dont normally like spicy but these were GREAT!Tempura fried pbj for desert : this and the fish were the most memorable things about the meal. SOOOOOOOOOO good!All this for about $50!!!!!! What a value! Plus Both of us thought theservice was top notch. Very attentive, our drinks were never empty, and the girl had a sense of humor, which is always appreciated :)Yes, i give em five big fat stars!
3	Visited N&S for lunch earlier this week.I remember this space back when it was catfish alley.  I thought the location was a little odd  still do now but i like that it's a couple trying to live their dream.As to the food ( since my friend was on a work lunch break, i did not look at the drink menu ) The space looks nice.  I like how the menu is set up.We ordered nachos o'brien, the short rib, meatballs, monte cristo.  Total bill was $46.  Given the serving sizes, i'd say a little pricey.The food was served quickly but the nachos and meatballs were lukewarm.The flavor ? The meatball sauce was tasty - had a Little bite.  The meat was a little chewy - i think it could use a little more fat, just a little.The nachos were unremarkable - the sauce was too lumpy/coagulated.  The short rib was tender with nice flavor.  The polenta "cake" cold and firm.pretzel brats - nice flavor but a very small portion for the $$ ( $8)I want to like this place - i like the menu options but my sense it's an execution issue.I will definitely try again - probably at dinner to see if the food is prepped differently.pics attached
3	I debated updating my review to remove a star because I really enjoyed Nosh & Swig on my first visit and I want to see them succeed. I actually decided to contact Nosh & Swig management via their website before writing this update... and only decided to write this update because I never received any sort of response.My second visit to Nosh & Swig was nothing like the first. It seems that the word is out, perhaps due to the month-long Groupon promotion, because the place was packed and it certainly seemed to impact the service we received. As I was looking around (usually to find a server to refill my drink) I noticed the vast majority of those seated near us had Groupons on their tables. The complimentary popcorn that others mentioned, and that we received on our first visit, was not offered this time around. Other reviewers have mentioned a drink menu... And I noticed that back in January, of of the owners of Nosh & Swig responded to a review here on Yelp stating they received their liquor license.... Now it would have been nice to see the drink menu, but again, we were not offered it this time around. Sure, I could have asked... and would have if our server had come to our table in a timely manner. Instead, we waited about 10 minutes and just ordered normal drinks and a few food items. Every item we had on our first visit was delicious. Sadly I can not say the same about the second time around...   Perhaps we should have just ordered more of the items we knew we liked? I had tasted the pretzel brats on my first visit and enjoyed them so I decided to get an order. The cheese gravy was overpowering, but once I scraped the majority of it off the brats were as tasty as I remembered. The carne asada sandwiches were pretty good but not outstanding... The teri-chicken tasted like it was made with low quality meat, we left over half of it untouched. The chicken littles would have been a lot better if they were less sweet and more tangy, again we left a decent amount of these untouched. I was prepared to order dessert but again, after waiting far too long for our server to come around I decided to skip it. Nothing we ordered was so bad that it warranted a complaint, but it was surprising that the server didn't ask how it was, considering how much of it was left untouched.I hope to try Nosh & Swig again after the Groupon hype dies down. Hopefully the service will be better then?
5	This place is so awesome. The food is amazing and perfect for drinking afterwards. There's a mixture of foods from all kinds of backgrounds. It's a place to take 10 people and just pig out and maybe throw a birthday bash and have the whole place to yourself. I hear they are going to have live music there too on some nights.
5	Located in a very modest shoping center, the chef/owner of this new restaurant is offering unique small plates that hit only high notes.  We started off with Elote (3 pieces of grilled corn on the cob with garlic butter, cayenne and cilantro pesto) and nachos O'Brien (house made potato chips topped with peppered pork, Dublin cheddar cheese and tomatoes).  On the second round we opted for paella served in a cast iron pot and Singapore greens.  The latter combines romaine lettuce, crispy noodles, and stir fried veggies and is served in a mason jar to which you add tamarind vinaigrette before shaking and serving.  Everything was delicious so we will undoubtedly be returning. A rating of 4.5 would be appropriate.
2	Nosh & Swig was pretty empty when we popped in on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. We were shocked with how dirty everything was. The tables had cleaning rags on them, there were crumbs all of the seats and in the nooks and crannies (like it had been there for months), and there were staples coming out of the damaged seats. Aside from being just yuck, I was worried that my 4 year old would get poked by the slew of ragged loose staples hanging out of the upholstery. The food was just meh...nothing to write home about, but it was definitely kid friendly. Minus the seat issues. Lots of heavy, heavy food items and what we ordered didn't seem that fresh. The service was decent, if not a little slow. Overall, bummer...I was hoping this place would be a fun new modern tapas place for me to frequent.
3	Last summer, I was initially really excited about the opening of Nosh & Swig after the owners were the very ones to tell us about the restaurant they were opening.  We waited and waited and bam, they finally opened.  We were further pumped as friends and fellow yelpers were loving them right and left.  We decided to wait a little while since it's on the other side of town for us, and a Groupon appeared.  I thought this was a sign that we better go check them out soon.  We did attempt to go on a Monday before realizing they were closed on Mondays.  But alas, we finally made it.The waitress/owner gave us a little pail of complimentary sweet popcorn, which was a nice treat.  She even provided a toy for the Little Guy to play with, although she didn't bother bringing a plate, napkin, or utensils for him until I requested it.* chicharron "crisp pork belly, salsa roja, cucumber feta pico" ($7) - When digging through this dish, I thought I found myself a huge portion of pork belly.  Imagine my disappointment when I bit into it and realized it was a tater tot.  Wtf?  The Husband thought maybe one just happened to fall into our dish, but realized that there were definitely tater tots all over.  I thought maybe they put that in as a filler because there was no mention on the menu or in anyone else's review about tater tots in this dish.  I felt this was rather misleading...why call it chicharron when there wasn't a whole lot of it there?  And looking at some of the other pics from previous diners, it looked like they got way more chicharron than we did.  We did get lots of green onion on top to cover the look. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A* lotza-mozza "herb cheese, polenta cake, eggplant, melted tomato" ($8) - This was a hard dish to cut up and share.  It was alright, except the polenta was more on the sweeter end than savory, which was what we were expecting. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#bKXEGe37z9Ngf51yMSUejg* pretzel brats "chicken sausage, pretzel roll, cheese gravy, sauerkraut" ($8) - The sausage was tough, although it was the Husband's favorite of what we ordered.  We would have liked a nicer mustard though.  I could hardly taste the sauerkraut in mine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#LEvUquseM9C-4fp92fupfw* charred beef crostini "coffee dusted beef, horseradish mousse, guyere baguette" ($5.50) - I watched as the Husband went to take a bite and ended up putting the whole thing back down on the plate. The beef was way too tough to bite off and had to be cut with a knife and fork.  It was way too large to be a one bite crostini.  Other diners posted pics of getting four portions while we only got three.  They also got some sort of leafy green on theirs and we did not. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#s5_TIPie29f7oyj2M8RPBQ* statefair waffle sandwich "waffle, vanilla ice cream, candy confetti, chocolate glaze, fun for everyone" ($8) - I had seen photos of this from the very beginning and was stoked about getting it.  It didn't look as grand sadly enough.  We only got one waffle cut in half versus those who got 2 waffles.  We had one regular scoop of pink ice cream and a cone whereas others got more ice cream.  And there weren't any marshmallows as other pics showed.  It lacked the wow factor. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh-and-swig-las-vegas?select=pFl95Lbk4GOXxwvN1PwA7A#051tAtnhzaJbOlsBSM5BNgYes, we ate it all because we were starving.  The Husband went home and had some ramen because he was still hungry but wasn't interested in ordering more here.  It was a Sunday evening and there were a handful of other parties there.  A few more did arrive during our visit.  Water glasses were huge and we got a pitcher to refill ourselves, so there was no shortage of liquid available here.I wish I had come in the beginning stages when they were more generous with their portions.  I think their food lacked consistency from what other diners got.  I understand that it's always different in the beginning and changes are bound to happen, but getting less food shouldn't be one of those changes.I do love their clean design and font.  I think the menu is pretty clear cut, and the theme is good.  But the food just wasn't there for me on this visit.2.5 stars.
4	I've heard so many good things about Nosh & Swig and I finally got to try this place.  We came here on a weekday for lunch and there was nobody which was perfect since I heard they're packed at night.  It's a tapas place that serves American, Asian, Mexican and Italian bites.CHATTA EFF UP: Mexican horchata meets Spanish horchata. Cinammon-y taste of Mexican horchata with the graininess of Spanish horchata.  It was the perfect drink for all the food we got. 5/5CHICHARRON: for $7, you get a bowl of crispy pork belly with cucumbers, feta, tomatoes, beans and tots.  This was my favorite item on the menu.  It was a great play on different flavors and textures. 5/5MONTE CRISTO: fried sandwich with ham and gruyere cheese.  Their version has corn flakes, fried egg on top and strawberry puree. 4/5RIB STACK: Shawn recommended this dish since it's his favorite.  Pork ribs braised in Dr. Pepper served with corn bread.  Honestly, it was too sweet for my taste. But the pork was so tender. 3/5POMME FRITES: it tastes like the fries I make at home so it's not something special. 3/5TRUFFLE TOTS: I enjoy anything with truffles/ truffle oil. This was a bit lacking in truffle flavor but it was still good.  4/5WARM PB&J: fried PB sandwich sliced into 4 pieces dusted with powdered sugar. You dip your sandwich in jelly, chocolate syrup or cream/condensed milk that are on your plate. 5/5The service was excellent.
5	When i think of "Nosh & Swig", I think of noshin' on a fat juicy drumstick and swiggin' some red wine in a golden chalice filled to the brim as crumbs and spillage trickles down my royal beard.. if I had a royal beard.  Nosh & Swig satisfied my  kingdom hunger minus the golden chalice and.. the royal beard of course.I'm a sucker for venues that are inventive, unique and full of fanciful character. This was my first impression of the newby on East Flamingo that fixed up tantalizing tapas with inspired flavors that range from mexican, to japanese, chinese, thai, hawaiian and soul food.  The service we received upon walking in was on point: Welcoming, confident and observant.  Noticing that we had kids in our party, they immediately supplied the lil' buggers with magnetic doodle pads which kept them occupied.  In no less than 5 minutes, out comes our bread and butter.. Except it wasn't bread and butter, it was a small pail of kettle corn.. Amazing idea!  It's the little things that make a big difference.We open the pop artsy menu to find a pandora of dishes that go beyond the box of normality.  We travel the road often taken by ordering what other yelpers have suggested.  Mind you, the venue is "tapa-centered", so portions can be small, but it definitely did not lack in flavor.  On our list of goodies were: The Elote, Smokey Poke, The Monte Cristo, Baked & Glazed, Cocka-waffle-doo, Steve-O Grilled Cheese and two huge mason jars filled with Chata-effup and the Mint & Basil Lemonade.  I could have done without the Chata-effup (Shut the F up.. Didn't get it at first) but I couldn't have done without the Cocka-waffle-doo!! It was my fave among the list.  This dish can be slightly compared to frosty flake crusted waffles with fried chicken and a dash of dyslexia!  No, no, no.. this time the chicken was covered in frosted flakes and the waffles were left the F' alone.. Thats what I'm talkin' 'bout!  ..and the berry reduction that drenched the waffles made it all the more soul seductive.. And on top of that, they had "Passin' Me By" by The Pharcyde playing in the background, such a great pairing!Nosh & Swig is my definite come back until I try everything on the menu and then some.  I hope they do well and open numerous chains around the state and still manage to keep it real!
2	It's a good thing I had a Groupon for this place, because I would have been really sad paying any more than I did. For being in the part of town it's in, demanding the prices it does for tapas - the bar is way too low.The interior is simply a place with tables in it. That's all I have to say about that. They tried to pull off a new trendy look - but they should really look at Eat downtown for inspiration.The service was a little slow but friendly. Nothing noteworthy here.As for the food, I tried the chicharron, Thai beef jerky, the Monte Cristo, and paella. I'm not sure why this happens at all tapas places I've been to, but why is everything served so lukewarm? Nothing seemed that fresh. The chicharron, for example, was looking dry and didn't taste like much. The Monte Cristo is the most expensive piece of fried white bread (with a piece of ham) you'll ever have. The paella is, again, the most expensive rice and two shrimp you'll ever have. The only thing I may have enjoyed was the Thai beef jerky. It tasted good, but came out nearly cold and maybe too dry for something made to order.Yeah. There's really no point to this. You can do better.
2	Yawn.First impressions are important, and the first impression I had of Nosh & Swig was the distinct smell of sewage in the air upon walking in. I don't know if a pipe burst in the back or what, but their feeble attempts to cover it up by burning incense did not work.We eventually got used to the stink cloud and were seated in the nearly empty restaurant. To be fair, it was 9 p.m. on a Tuesday. Considering that there were almost no other tables to take care of, the service was acceptable, but not great. I would describe the food similarly.Everything was served lukewarm. The waffle in our Cock-a-Waffle-Doo (try and order it without sounding ridiculous) was completely unheated - and no where was it mentioned that the chicken is entirely dark meat. The Nachos O'Brien were VERY tiny, even by tapas standards, and bland, bland bland. I couldn't pick up on the "coffee dusting" that  supposedly coated the beef in the crostini, and the "artisinal breads" in the fromage fondue were more like day-old scraps.The menu that Nosh & Swig has put together sounds so delicious when you read it online. Once you arrive in the restaurant, though, you see that the execution just isn't there.If Firefly is at the top of the Las Vegas tapas ladder, Nosh & Swig is near the bottom. Such a shame, too, because it sounded like it had so much promise.
4	If this restaurant was on my side of town, I'd become a regular for sure.  Come here to try something out of the ordinary.  I came here originally with a Groupon, but would happily be back for normal prices which are slightly cheaper than Fireflys.  Speaking of Firefly's, give Nosh and Swig a shot if you want to help with a smaller tapas bar than the local chain that hasn't had major health code problems recently.
4	Yummy! yummy! yummy! The location is not ideal, but the food is absolutely perfect! It's tapas style, so you're encouraged to share, or to order a few plates for yourself.I had the Caesar Salad, which was actually a very large portion. The corn was bathed in cheese and herbs, making it juicy and delicious. The beef was tender and well seasoned.I haven't tried the Dr. Pepper ribs, but I hear they are amazing. I will have them for my next trip, because I will definitely be back for a next trip.The location is small, and I imagine it can get crowded in the evenings. We went for lunch so it wasn't a problem. The service was also a little slow, again not too bad at lunch, but can cause issues if the place is packed.I know they are the new kids on the block, so I'm giving them a bit of leeway. I'm hoping they work out the technical issues fast because the food definitely has no issues at all.
4	BAM BAM BAM!!!!  Incredible food....such amazing treatment by the chef himself and their staff...They need to move to a more posh location (but then they might have to raise their prices)  The most affordable GOURMET DELISH TAPAS at the best price in Vegas if you ask me.  They also offer Ocean Vodka (Organic, Gluten Free Vodka from Maui)  It's my favorite, LOVE IT, and so impressed that they are "in with the in crowd!!!  I will be back at least once a week. Count me in as a supporter, Nosh and Swig should be at Crystals City Center.  I just wish they could keep the same food, vodka, and pricing on their should-be world renowned tapas creations at a location that gives them justice.
1	Nosh and Swing got lots of good reviews when it first opened and I was excited to try it. A Groupon was released for it a few months after opening, so I bought it and ate there a couple months later. In short, it seems a place that doesn't know what it is while trying to be everything at once. It's a place where they try their best to be bold and playful and modern all at the same time and it all clashes in a way that is confusing to the palate. Think of all the recent culinary trends...small-plates for sharing, pork belly bao, bold cooking with bacon, clever names, etc...this place tried to do all of it.First, the environment. It's in a pretty run-down strip mall. Once you go in, the space feels cold and uninviting due to the metal on the walls and the metal tables. The items on the menu made no sense being together. They had pork baos (on the menu as pork bun tacos), some asian-inspired chicken wings, ceviche, albondigas (meatballs), fried elote, monte cristo, carne asada sandwich, etc. I had the waitress just bring us her favorites because I had a really difficult time trying to figure out what I wanted.We tried two drinks. The "chata-effup" (a spiced cinnamon rice drink which is essentially horchata) and the Mint & Basil Lemonade. The lemonade was decent, but the chata-effup was pretty watered down, making it very unsatisfying (imagine a half-milk-half-water blend). The drinks were served in large mason jars. Again, completely unnecessary. Why am I being served my drink in a mason jar? Nothing about Nosh and Swig indicates a reason for mason jars. It's just being done because it's "cool".The food was okay, but not great. The best thing we had that day was the Cornflake-breaded fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was well-fried and the waffles were decent. The only flaw was that it came with a blueberry sauce which was a lot more watery than I'd like (it just soaks into the waffle and makes it soggy). The other dishes all missed the mark in some form. The pork bao tacos really needed something to brighten up the taste a bit. It was a very flat and muddled in flavor. Same for the ceviche. The ceviche had soy sauce and a few other sauces that made it a very salty dish, yet it was in desperate need for some acid. The monte cristo was completely lacking in any flavor and had way too much bread for what little was inside.  For the poor quality and the small portion sizes, Nosh and Swig is vastly overpriced.We skipped dessert because we were pretty disappointed in our meal. In the end, we paid just over $50 for two people (2 drinks, four dishes) and left trying to think up a place to go to dessert to lift our spirits. I was very annoyed at the whole concept of the place and the food did not make up for it at all.
5	Went there tonight with a friend, only heard about the restaurant because I had a groupon. Very friendly and attentive staff. We ordered a bunch of plates between us, the salami as well as the cheese plates, the deviled eggs, the corn on the Cobb, a salad ( that came in a jar), and we each had a drink. Everything was unique and delicious. I especially liked the lychee pearls in the drink. I will definitely be back.
4	Really good food ! All The tapas i had excellent ! The location no to good .. But The food worth it . The staff really nice they seem a little distracted but its a New business so its ok .. Anyway i Will  come back for sure
4	First, I'm embarrassed that it look this long for me to write this review. To say that I love Nosh and Swig is an understatement. You can tell by each dish you try that the chef loves what he does and the entire staff is proud of what they are offering. And I've tried many of the dishes. It is a very easy going place almost like you've walked into the owners home for lunch or dinner. Sometimes all I want to do is kick back and this is my place to do just that. They have figured out a way to have gourmet food at affordable pricing. They are also very good to the local music scene by having performers come in on Friday nights. We held an event there and they really went out of their way to make it perfect for us. They closed down the place, made room for our DJ and dancing. They allowed us to use their TVs at the bar. They printed personalized menus for my guests, create a special menu and helped by offering happy hour pricing at the bar. I don't think a lot of place you go out to is going to be perfect every time but at least I know that when I go to Nosh and Swig, they are trying to give me a nice dinning experience.
4	This restaurant is very near my house, so we tried it one evening for something new.  We love tapas experiences and this one did not disappoint.  We ordered a number of things for the table.  I tried everything and there was not a single crumb left over.Personally, I loved the monte cristo sandwich and the terriaki chicken skewers.  We also tried a spinach salad (served in a jar, very cute), carne asada sliders (very spicy and not my thing, but my husband loved them), chicken and waffles (very very tasty, but sweet) and the cookie dessert.  The Monte Christo was by far my favorite.  It was hot and sweet and salty and tasty and just delicious.  As I was sharing with the table, I almost wanted a little more.  We will surely be back.
4	I met a friend for an early dinner and was surprised at how empty the place was.  Now, even though it is called Nosh & Swig, I think it is a lot stronger in the nosh category than the swig.  The menu was fun and I saw quite a few things I wanted to try.  We ended up sharing the following:Sticky Bun TacosCock-a-Waffle-DooCremini CapsA Fish and Chip Slider and Cookiemon for dessert.I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked everything.  Often with small plates, there will be a few hits, a few misses, but these were all good.  With the mushrooms being my personal favorite.The drink menu was a little disappointing, the name of the restaurant evokes a place equally dedicated to both cuisine and beverages, but the cocktails all sounded a bit odd and the wine list was boring and minimal.  However, I thought the prices more than made up for their out-of-the-way location.
4	It was not busy on a recent Friday in June when I dropped in after skipping breakfast and lunch, thanks to eating way too much the past two days in SoCal.For a tapas place, their portions are decent.  I ordered 3 items and was full and the bill was about $24.Monte Cristo - Again was the highlight of what I ordered.Pretzel Brats - Was good, but the sauerkraut was curiously lacking in flavor (as if it was rinsed), and maybe deli mustard would have been better than the plain mustard.Short Ribs - last two sold out just before I ordered it.  Sadness.Sticky Buns Tacos - Decent, but some of the pork belly were still tough and the rind too tough to chew and swallow. Glad I tried it, but it was a one and done for me.Service was great. Was greeted immediately by one of the staff within seconds of walking in.  Ordering, delivering the prepared items from the kitchen, refilling the water, etc. were all positive.I really enjoyed the 80s playlist of songs that was not blaring out of the speakers, although for a few moments I thought it was what was on MTV at the time.A-OK or better.
4	My wife and I went here for an early dinner this afternoon before a show at the Plaza.  As with some other reviewers, we ordered too much because their portions are really nice on some items even though they're small plates.We started with an order of Tiger Cry and Nachos O'Brien.  I wanted to order the Hodgepodge but they don't serve that anymore.  Instead, the server suggested I get two of the dishes that made up the tower thing so I got pommes frites and Truffle tots.The Tiger Cry and the Nachos O'Brien were both very good.  We shared the dishes and we both liked the nachos and the Tiger Cry.  The hit of the two was the TIger Cry which is Thai beef jerky with nam prik and some sesame.  There was also a container of sticky rice in a ball in a plastic bag.  I'm sot sure it was sticky rice or rice just twisted together in the plastic to make it stick together.  I expected it might be a bit spicy from the nam prik, but it was not.  However, the nam prik they did use along with the jerky glaze made this a great dish.  The nachos were good, but nothing exceptional.  My error was in ordering both pommes frites and truffle tots.  That's a large portion of both in their small pails.  They were both very good, but I ended up eating most of the frites and finishing off the truffle tots.  I didn't taste any truffle but the cheese, parsley, and salt  made the tots very good and I loved the pommes frites.We still had some room and I ordered the Baked and Blazed--their take on a mac and cheese dish but made with fusilli and cheddar cheese and having a nice crusty top.  This was an excellent dish, too.  When we ordered this we mentioned the Cookiemon and he said it takes 15 minutes so we had him put the order in then also.  It came out a little early because we hadn't finished the baked and blazed yet but it was OK.  Only a little ice cream melted and the very hot cookie had time to cool a bit before digging in.Service was great.  Considering we were the only customers in the place, it should have been great.  But, it was above and beyond that.  Our server answered our questions and suggested things.  He was prompt with iced tea refills and a pleasant fellow.I noticed as Tony T. did that the music was pleasant and wasn't blaring.  Conversation was easy and the music didn't interfere.I wish this wasn't on the other side of town.  I'd stop in more often.  I do have to make a stop here when I get my car serviced the next time.  I have to try the State Fair or the Uni-cones, or the Warm PB & J.  Well you get where my head's at!
4	The restaurant location and decor was totally not what I expected but it didn't take away from the creative menus and taste of food! They have tapas options that they separate by beef, poultry, fish, vegetables, etc and the descriptions of all the items makes you want to order everything! Portions were larger than I expected for the price! I had a great experience but with all the other food options in vegas, I wouldn't put this place high on my priority list to come back to.
3	Tapa style, reminds me of bar food back home in Hawaii, just very small portions.  Hawaiians eat large plates :)The location is a bit far for us, but we have been wanting to try this place for a long while.  We came here to entertain an out of town friend after work, it wasn't that busy, score for us to enjoy the place and the game.  They were playing some old school hip hop, big plus for us.  We tried a lot of things on the menu but main dish we all liked was the Monte Cristo.  Its a pretty simple concept, but Delicious in flavor.  I also got myself a Lychee Sake.  The mixologist even came by himself to share how he creatively made my drink.  Jesse N.  loved this place because they had a nice selection of beers to choose from.  So the Swig part for us was a better experience for us.  Would I come back, yes, when I'm on this side of town.  Its has great ambiance, great  service, and good amount of food and drinks to choose from.
5	Great food!  I am definitely going to become a regular there
5	Nosh & Swig was really good, I went with a group of people because we knew it was Tapa style, and we could share different items on their unquie menu.  They have these brie dawgs that are out of this world.  Or mixoloigist, JD was also helping with the tables, gaves us great advice on what was good to try, and he also made some bad-ass drinks.  Great customer service, great tapas, all around a great night.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!! The atmosphere is modern and chic! The food is so good! I loved everything we ordered: sticky bun tacos, stev-o grilled cheese,pretzel brats, elote! So delicious!! The service was great too! They were kind, fast and everything was great for a short lunch break!! I am very impressed and will be here often! So glad I work close, but I WILL drive from NLV to come with friends on my days off too, because its that worth it!!
4	Every plate that the chef made for me and my fiance looked like a piece of art; the presentation of the food was breath-taking. The food: fabulous. I LOVED the waffle (which was fresh and made to order) with ice-cream  dessert. My partner's favorite was the sticky bun tacos.  My only suggestion is that the restaurant make it clearer that it is basically a fusion restaurant, so that the customers know Nosh and Swig's point of view.
5	Once again this place never disappoints! J.D. on point again with the drinks, just tell him what you like and he'll whip you up a masterpiece! Chef Steve is the man, only been there 1 other time and remembered who I was! Very rare in Vegas;-) Got the Monte Cristo and now I can't have any other monte cristo anywhere because NOBODY Will top this monte cristo! Indescribable to say the least, just order it now! Girlfriend said her seafood paella was as lemony as it gets, and most places don't put a lot of lemon in them here, but Chef Steve knows his stuff! Can't wait to go back... My girl and I will be frequenting this establishment more often than not!! NOSH & SWIG 4 LIFE
5	They ROCK.  I hope they'll open one in Sherman Oaks, CA!!
5	Food is great good to see a independent restaurant with a great product
4	I have been here a couple of times and love the food, service and ambience. A very unique twist on a tapas style menu. This place would fit right in downtown or in the arts district. Have a little or a lot... for a casual lunch or a dinner date ...and it wont destroy your pocketbook.The Smokey Poke is MY FAVORITE!!!The Charred Beef Crostini is absolutely delicious -(They should give you a mini steak knife to cut them with)
4	Four stars only because I almost never give five...but this was definitely a really good lunch experience.  A creative menu without getting overly cute, and everything was done well and nicely presented.  It's an odd location, but don't let that fool you.  It's well worth going a little out of the way to enjoy some interesting small plates-style dining.  This could become a regular in my lunch rotation....
5	I, for the life of me, cannot understand how anyone could give this place any less than five stars. I mean, what restaurant were you eating at? Because this is most definitely the most innovative, forward thinking, evolved restaurant I believe I've been to in this town in a LONG time.I mean, you walk in and you really don't understand what you're in store for. The concept is on the windows, but you don't really get the gist until you sit down and open up this fabulous menu.I was only slightly, slightly disappointed that some of the things on the menu were discontinued as they are going through a seasonal menu change (for sure a sign of a great restaurant) and were knocking things off at them moment. Trust me when I say that lasted all of about 10 seconds. The concept is this: whatever you eat, be it vegetarian, pork, chicken, etc. You have a set menu for each type of food. It's all covered, each one, on one small page, but the tastes are SO big. Also, there are rumors that this is a tapas bar, but that isn't quite true. Yes, the plates are all sold separately, there are no sides, but the plates are a nice sized portion, not that tiny things you get at a regular tapas bar. That's misleading as heck. I was stuffed after I had just three plates!I personally (as a pescatarian) had the smokey poke. Let me tell you, that was some deliciousness on a plate. The poke sits atop several sauces (of which I've forgotten at the moment) and I was encouraged to dip some in each. Whatever. I totally mixed that all together and then inhaled it. I got a little of the smokey, a nice bite of spicy and some mellow flavors that balanced it all out. It was fresh and delicious.My second plate was the elote. Listen, I would love to sit here and wax eloquent about how delicious this was, but I'm just going to go ahead and say it: if I could mainline this into my veins I would have OD'd, oh, several MILLION times. There are no words for how great this dish is. I can't even go on, I'm getting emotional about not being able to go get some more right now. And then an hour later, and an hour after that. Hi, I'm Nickolle and I'm an elote addict. CRACK on a cob. That's what they should call it. Try it and come to meetings with me. We'll get through this together. (this is corn on the cob that you grab and eat with your hands - lick your fingers afterward, no one cares)Next up for me was the lotsa-mozza. This is essentially cheese, polenta, eggplant and tomatoes. But yet so much more. Anyone who has ever taken cheese and melted it in a hot pan knows the delicious taste. That's sort of this, but with sliced mozza and other things in between, specifically, sweet polenta (mmmmm...). The thing that brings this all together is the taste of that melted, crunchy cheese. So, so good. So good.For dessert (like, someone stop me, okay?) I had the cream cheese lote. I obviously have a cheese addiction as well. I was going to go for the chocolate chip cookie and ice cream, but I wasn't ready to be jolted out of my mellow taste experience with something that sweet. I was super pleased that I didn't. This is a flat bread that is the consistency of a crepe, but with a little more crunch. The cheese actually is very subtle as is the cream anglaise. It sits atop some little bubbles, I can't remember the name name now (arghhh!), but they were sweet when I popped them in my mouth. There were different flavors and they really added some zing to the sort of savory taste of the crepe/cheese combo. Really pleasing to my mouth!This restaurant is a brand new fave and I can't wait to go back. The owners are so friendly and awesome that I want to be their new best friend. As much as I'm about to start going I'm pretty sure we'll be on a first name basis soon! Get here. FAST.
4	We have eaten here 5 times since they opened and the food and service is great!  We have tried almost everything on the menu and there is nothing we won't order again.  Corkage fee to bring your own bottle of wine is very reasonable.  They recently added live music on Friday night,  which is nice but need to make sure the volume is not so loud that you can't talk.  This place has become one of our favorite places to eat.  Give it a try!  You won't be disappointed.
3	I went as people were raving about it. It is located in a complex with no other restaurants and was initially hard to find. I ordered the Monte Cristo which was good, and then I tried the chicken waffle do: I was sorely disappointed... the outside of the chicken was overcooked, the waffle was average and dry... I don't get the hype. These are NOT Tapas... they are regular plate sizes in Europe. I only ate part of the Monte Cristo in order to be able to try other things. The dessert someone ordered was average and boring. Everything was ok... Nope, nothing to write home about. I tried the Thai ice tea: it was good, yet they said it would have tapioca in it: there was none! I then tried the lemonade with mint and basil: it tasted like liquid toothpaste with basil!One of my friends ordered a dish they ran out of 6 hrs before closing, then they ran out of a wine he ordered. Otherwise, the service was very good and you get a cheap meal out of it unless you seriously overeat. I wanted to give it a four star, yet it would not be justified... the chef tries to be innovative, which is great, yet the taste comes out to just ok.
5	There are very few restaurants in vegas that I would say are amazing but this is definitely one of them.My boyfriend and I ate thru their menu and loved it! We had fall off the bone ribs to chicken bites. They have something for everyone. All their food was clean and fresh. Will be telling all my friends and family to make sure they stop in and check this place out. Absolutely amazing!
5	So good! Beef with sticky rice was my fav and the Chinese churros .... Just get them!
5	Wow! What an interesting little place! Love the industrial SOHO look to the place, made me feel like I was back in NYC. The service is warm, inviting and friendly. They seat you and put a small pail of in house made kettle corn on the table to munch on. Just a side note, the pails should be bigger or they should be bottomless. That being said, lets get to the food. Delicious. Comforting. A cross between comfort food an fusion. The corn is the best you will ever have. I dreamt about it. The chickpea hummus with artichoke hearts was mouth watering. The cocktails are delightful and fun. And at only $8 each you may want to bring a designated driver. I will be coming to this place again. And again. And again.
5	This place is wonderful! Love everything I have ever tried. The mix of all the different flavors that go into each of their creations is fantastic. Smokey poke, dragon claws, elote! All great. Location is a little hidden but, you've got to try it! Fusion tapas :)
2	2 out of 5 stars. 2 stars for the ambience and decor. I must say my husband and I were extremely disappointed after dining here. Being a Chef myself, a new tapas restaurant is the foodie excitement I crave. Small portions (waaaay small), over priced, and over exaggerated descriptions of menu items.We started (and ended) with the Smokey Poke, Short ribs, and Nachos Obrien. Smokey Poke- about 3/4 cup of a portion, Ahi was chewy and flavor lacking. Short Ribs -were described as "dr.pepper braised short ribs, candied carrots, and polenta bread". What we got was ONE short rib (fix your menu) an carrot shavings that were probably candied in the morning cause they were just dried out with no flavor, 2 small pieces of raw broccoli and the polenta bread that tasted like plain old cornbread (skimping on the polenta)Nachos Obrien- described as " peppered pork, house made potato chips, Dublin cheese, stewed tomatoes". What we got was potato chips with melted cheese, BACON with pepper shaker pepper sprinkled on it and diced tomatoes. I know bacon IS pork but don't exaggerate, just say bacon. We were imagining a roasted pepper crusted pork that was shredded or something. The bacon wasn't even pepper crusted, they could have at least did that. Server never checked on us but we were still polite and asked for the check since we are both in the industry. That's what yelp is for. Conclusion- even after a salmonella outbreak, I'd rather go back to Firefly. Nice try Nosh & Swig
5	The poke is great! They are really creative with there Tapa fusions . Thirsty Thursdays are wonderful, be careful those drinks they pack alot of punch.
5	I have never had anything bad here. So delicious! Quite a find. Highly recommend this place!!
5	I've been here twice. The food and service are amazing. The owner actually works there and has greeted us both times. This hole in the wall place is definitely worth a visit. I ordered the salmon both times and absolutely loved it.
1	I was really excited to check this place out.  The menu looked pretty awesome when I checked it out online.  Reviews here, to sum up, seemed to be pretty mixed, with one's experience tied pretty closely to ordering the right things on the menu.  Armed with knowledge gleaned from other reviews, the lady and I rolled over there on a Friday night at 7:00pm.The parking lot was a ghost town.  There were two tables being served.  Not a good sign, but hey, let's give it a shot.We were immediately greeted by a friendly young guy who took us to a table of our choosing.  We were also immediately greeted by a NASTY smell in the air.  It smelled like someone dropped a deuce under a table.  Five days earlier.  This eau de outhouse permeated the entire restaurant.  I'm not the kind of guy who is up for making a big deal out of things.  I was fully prepared to try and ignore it and have some dinner.  The lady?  Not so much."Ummmm.... excuse me.  Do you smell that?"Our host/server sheepishly replied, "Haha... yeah, I guess I'm just kind of used to it.  It comes and goes around here.  It's the whole area."Now, I'm not a huge fan of the East Side in general, but come on.  The parking lot smelled fresh as a daisy by comparison.  There is clearly something horribly wrong with this building, and I hope that the young owners of Nosh and Swig have an attorney to help them get out of whatever ugly lease they are tied up in.  After he said he'd be back to take our drink orders, we held our breath, and made a beeline for the front door.I feel awful for them - and I hope they can get into another location.  One that doesn't smell like the parking garage of the Four Queens.  Two tables at prime time on a Friday night?  How many more Fridays can they possibly have in that space?
5	The food is awesome! Must try the pork buns and elote. Great food and venue! Will come back for sure.
5	Okay first of all the food here is soooo delicious. Everything I've tried has been amazing but the Dragon Claws are the BEST!!!! Staff and service is great! What more could you ask for?
5	Awesome, amazing food! The highlight of our Las Vegas trip! An adventure in culinary genius! Service is excellent, and personable.  We could easily spend hours eating our way through the entire menu. The Happy Hour specials are fantastic!
5	This place is great! The food was excellent, and the cocktails were awesome. Had the monte cristo, short rib sliders and chicharonnes all were great. Must try the crunberries cocktail. Above all our server was the owner and he was really attentive and courteous. Overall my experience was the best.
4	Worth the trip! The service was great and the menu is very thoughtful. More of an experience than a meal. I have a sneaky suspicion this place can be hit or miss though. Half the items ordered I would order again. The other half just missed the mark or were more sensation than tastation. A few pieces of meat were too fatty to eat and the other half were making us moan. Don't let the parking lot/location scare you. This is Vegas. Many talented chefs come here and open hole in the wall gems to get their names out there.
4	I'm here on a Sunday nite, prompt excellent service, 2 other couples. The food so far is excellent. There is no foul smell like another person noted (p.s. don't pick on the east side, summerlin. Get over yourselves and go prance at whole foods salad bar). The food is wonderful and so is my wine. I will definitely be back to try more, maybe on a Friday nite :)
3	I was excited to try to this place out so we drove all the way to the east side of town to check it out! I think it is a cute concept but nothing really stood out for me except for maybe the Pallea. It had a good taste but the Calamari in the dish had tentacles. I was a good sport and ate it anyways. The chicken skewers were nothing special. The deviled eggs were really plain . I think adding Siracha to the mix would give it a little kick. The sliders were tasty. The dessert which was a trio of ice cream flavors were displayed creatively. Most of the dishes I tried just  tasted okay. The presentation of the food stood out though.  I think Nosh and Swig should experiment with their recipes to make signature items that are unique to their restaurant.
4	My wife and I went a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night.  The place was dead, which scared us, but we tried it anyways.  It was well worth it.  I don't recall the exact plates we got but we had a cheese fondue that was excellent, the mini-brats that were really good, the mini-burgers that were good, and some kind of curry dish that neither of us cared for.Service was okay.  Not what you'd expect for a place being so dead, but not horrible either.I would definitely come back and try a few more things.
5	Damn this place is good! You can find me there most fridays with my peeps havin dranks and ... Well noshing. The elotes wings nachos chilaquiles tots... Damn im a bit of a pig huh? Oh well..forget the reviews about slow service small staff very friendly personal staff....u may have to wait a little while for your dish but its worth the wait! Try it friday and if im there buy me a drink and thank me!
5	Great food and drinks! Very reasonably priced. Also has happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. Get the Smokey Poke and Dragon claws.
5	We decided to have our month guys night at Nosh & Swig, and we were not disappointed.  The six of us decided to order a little of everything.  The table favorite was by far the Sticky Bun tacos.  The slight crisp on the pork belly combined with the sauce and pickled cabbage.  It was the one dish that we all agreed on to order again.  Also had the Nachos O'Brien, which were house potato chips with tomatoes, cheese, and pork.  This was excellent as well.  Had the Pretzel Brats, and highly recommend them over the Bantam burgers, if you're looking for a sandwich type item.  The chicken apple sausage was AWESOME, combined with the delicious cheese gravy.  YUM!  Also had the Cocka-Waffle-Do, their take on chicken and waffles.  A delicious deep fried piece of chicken breast over a waffle, but the finisher for this one was a very tasty blueberry maple reduction.  Excellent!  The Fromage Fondue, as the waiter said, excellent on a date, but was delicious for the guys too.  The garlic cheese was stellar.  I'm running out of adjectives on how good all of the food was.  And then, our waiter (also the owner), suggested we try the chuyquiles.  You read it on the menu, and you're not sure to order it....well....order it.  It was one of the most interesting combinations of ingredients, and very delicious.  This one is a filler.  They also had a nice beer selection.  We live on this side of town, and we hope that this location works out for the owner, because I plan on taking the family there so they can enjoy the delicious food.
4	The reason I give it a 4 star is because I love the food. We went there during their happy hour on a Saturday.  I believe it's between 4-6pm.  We had the Chicharones which was so amazing! We also had this burger with bacon and egg slider, the tiger cry and the korean bbq wings.  Each dish was really great!  Lastly, we tried the Chinese churros...that had three different dipping sauces (condenced milk, chocolate and berry syrup). ONE WORD: YUM!! I would have to agree with some of patrons, it was a bit over priced for some of their menu items, considering they do serve small portions of food.  I have not had the opportunity to try out any of their alcoholic beverages, but I may one of these days.  It's usually pretty empty in there, which I'm surprised about since the place serves pretty amazing food.  I don't know what "SMELL" one of the patrons have mentioned, I live just down the street from there and I've been to Nosh & Swig twice already and there wasn't any "smell" there.  But to each his/her own.  Maybe they just have an enhanced sense of smell. For me, this was place is a hit.  It may not be as upscale as some people expect it to be, but it's a neighborhood joint and I love the flavor of the food.  Boom!
3	The whole place could benefit from one word: refinement. I get the cool & swanky decor, but the booth we sat in was falling apart at the seams and the seats were incredibly worn. Plus, the purple and ivory for some reason feel vaguely reminiscent of an 70s porno stage or something. The environment could've benefited from some polishing touches, like new booths and such.Onto the food:The bf and I ordered 2 dishes each, and that was definitely enough food for us both.Tropical fruit tea - The sweet flavoring syrup (tasted like lychee) was very obvious in the tea, but it was still refreshing & delicious. I did end up watering it down after a bit, which significantly helped dilute the syrup, but it was good.Pretzel brats - The top pretzel bun was toasted perfectly and had wonderful crunch to it. The item as a whole seemed a tad dry. It could've benefited from more sauerkraut or cheese sauce or something, but I felt the need to visit my glass of water or tea after every bite. Pretzel buns tend to be on the saltier/dryer side, and not much in this dish provided for moisture or hydration. But these were pretty good.Monte Cristo - It was a pretty typical monte cristo. Nothing bad, but nothing to write home about.Sticky Bun Tacos - The sticky buns were unfortunately dry and were visibly cracking. The pork belly was good, but the flavors seemed like they could've been developed and infused more. A more moist bun and deeply flavored pork belly would've really made this dish a stand out.Short Rib Sliders - When you did get every ingredient in a bite (apple, bleu cheese, petite green, and short rib) it was delicious. But the ingredients were unevenly distributed and therefore each bite was incomplete. I got a huge chunk of bleu cheese in one bite (and don't get me wrong, I love bleu cheese), but the sweetness & crispness of the apple would've elevated and evened out that bite more. All in all, it was okay. But as previously stated, the restaurant would benefit from some refinement in both the decor and execution of the food. I would go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so. Also, I'd probably go back to try happy hour.
5	This place has amazing food for every palette. I tried the truffle tots as one reviewer suggested and they were amazing. I also tried the spicy edamame and the brie dawg which were also very good. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff! They also had some live music while I was there that was great too.
5	Anyone who posts anything bad about this place must be mistaken. I hear a lot of nonsense about this and that but if you understand what you are coming for here it will be nothing short than amazing. You cannot possibly beat the absolutely wonderful experience you get here let alone the owner is amazing. He is absolutely genuine, has a part in handling yet cooking his food. Let alone the service alone the absolute genuine feeling about this place you cannot describe. It is literally made for you to enjoy every ounce of the food you order. Be sure you know what you are ordering because at times it can get confusing but I guarantee if you have any question about a single thing on the item you will be able to get a genuine answer. GENUINE PEOPLE SERVING GENUINE FOOD. Nothing less, nothing more. Thee end.
5	My best advice is to pick something from every category. The combination of all the dishes was just simply delicious! Not to mention the friendly staff with good recommendations. I give it 5 stars.
5	Pure amazingness and I mean PURE AMAZINGNESS.It is a few miles off the strip but I guarantee you it is absolutely worth the trip. We got to meet the chef and you can just tell he enjoys what he does and does it to perfection.Located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. When we got their, it was completely empty since they just got done with the lunch rush, but I urge you to not let that scare you away. You will not be disappointed.We got 13 or 14 plates in total and split them between the four of us. We seriously wanted to keep going, but just literally couldn't breathe by that point. The chicharron off the happy hour menu: 4 stars. It was really refreshing with the tomatoes and cheese on top of the tater tots.Sticky bun tacos: 5 starsSteve-o Grilled Cheese: 5 stars according to my friend. She just kept raving about it as she was eating.Monte Cristo: Definitely 5 stars according to our friend that just keep going on about how amazing it was.Nachos O' Brien: 5 Stars. They weren't your typical nachos whatsoever. Literally tasted like pure heaven. I should've gotten a few orders to go.Tiger cry: 4 stars.(N)gai satay. 5 stars for the chicken as well as the cucumber salad. WOW!Smokey poke: 5 stars for sure!! Pure heaven on Earth. Please please please don't ever get rid of this!Short ribs: 4 starsSalmon: 4 stars. Cooked to perfection according to my friend.Diablo eggs: 4 starsElote: Absolutely 5 stars. Mama mia the mayo on the corn was AMAZINGGGGG.Mushrooms: 4 starsPretzel brats: 5 stars according to my friend. Sadly he had to get the second brat to go since this was the last dish of the night and he looked like he was close to exploding.You will absolutely not be disappointed with the food. I've never been to a restaurant where I've liked everything I ordered. I especially love that they're smaller tapas plates for a decent price that way I can try a lot of the menu at one time.The chef/owner was talking about changing up the menu sometime soon which I love since you get to try something different everytime you come their.Thank you to byron for the awesome service and recommendations!I will be back on my next trip to Vegas!Tips:Full barHappy hour daily from 3-6Live music every Friday night. Reservations only those nights!
5	Love the simplistic food choices that are palatially exciting. Always unique food and beverage choices available for all to partake of.  The service is always top notch and the food is always a delight.I highly recommend the Kim Chi Wings and the Nacho's O'Brien. The plates are small, but you do realize it is a tapas joint.
5	Awesome place for a kickback social night with close friends. Great food! Great service!  Honestly can't ask for much more from a genuine couple who run the place! All I know is I'm deeply in trouble because the churros are the BEST IN TOWN. Like wow.
4	I lived in Vegas for five years and never knew Nosh existed, and I'm glad I got to try it. Fantastic menu. As a disclaimer, I love tapas, because I hate eating only one thing. Small plates are all the rage in my world. The pretzel sliders with sauerkraut and mustard were delicious. I forget the meat, but they inspired me to start making these bad boys at home. Tiger claws were spicy, but tasty. Really nice presentation. I also enjoyed the sticky bun tacos, great consistency. Didn't have the opportunity to try their mixed drinks, opted for a beer instead. I hear the cocktails are good. Ambiance is interesting, seems like they are going for hip and trendy. Service was okay, our waiter was very nice. This is a great spot for drinks and small, interesting plates off the beaten path (strip).
4	I get a lot of flack for being over-generous in my reviews. It is well deserved. I am an easy grader and I grade on a curve. But I never write flowery reviews to get free stuff. There's another reason for my madness and Nosh & Swig is a perfect example of a place needing some slack. A food snob could roll into here and completely trash the place. And I admit, the edges are rough, the execution is not perfect. But this place has potential and it has SOUL. What I mean by soul is, the owner was there on a slow Weds night (it was just me, this guy, and another couple) and he was chatting it up at the bar.  I just assumed he was the bartender but then he started recommending stuff on the menu and talking about the recipes. Wow. It was obvious this guy loves what he does and has a passion for his business. The DRINK: They have a good drink menu, and it seems they have a full "bar". I guess the better way to describe it is they served hard liquor. I got their non-alcoholic blueberry mint lemonade and it was delicious. It was huge (I couldn't finish the whole thing), served in a mason jar with a side of crack popcorn. Seriously, the stuff was so addictive, I believe he does sprinkle crack on it. The FOOD: I was starving, so I didn't read up on Yelp reviews when I came here. I thought it was just another Nevada style pub. Noep. It definitely has a bar-feel, especially with the owner chatting it up with the locals, but I'd say it's more a casual restaurant that serves tapas. I got their elotes with garlic butter and cilantro. AMAZING! I eaten my share of elotes but these are different. The sauce they smother it in is pure tantric sex. Yeah.. that's right. Next I got a side of nachos o'brien (peppered pork.house potato chips, dublin cheddar. stewed tomatoes ) and a side of Korean BBQ wings (kimchi spiced chicken, Shoyu reduction). The nachos were ok, but the chicken wings were good, nice contrast of sweet and spicy. Things I didn't like were the chairs, they were too low for the "bar". The prices are a tad high for what you get, but they do have happy hour Tues-Sat from 3-6. I have no idea what that entails, call to see what they offer. And the food got a little messy. It's beautifully presented but difficult to eat. +stars for the great, friendly service, the innovative menu and just an overall vibe of awesomeness. I want to come back and try their Dr. Pepper ribs. That sounds amazing.
5	Tried some new things. Still great. Only thing is making a reservation might be necessary.
4	3.5 really - but I'll round up 'cause I'd like them to do well.Here's the deal. I had three small plates and a cocktail. The cocktail (Sake Long Time) was light and refreshing, and the little lychee balls that popped in my mouth were tasty and fun. It's been so long since anything has popped in my mouth... but I digress...Two of the small plates (a nightly special - Blue Crab Spring Roll, and the Asian Crepes) were quite good. The dishes were well-prepared and tasty.The third plate - the Chicken Pretzel Brat - was pretty standard. Just okay.All together, the meal cost about $40 with tip.And there's my issue. For $40, I felt like I was on the low end of "enough".Yes, I appreciate the fresh ingredients, as well as the inventive preparation - but when I can get good All-You-Can-Eat sushi nearby for $30 total; ...well, I'm more likely to go for that. I'm not a quantity-over-quality guy, and I don't need to gorge to be happy - but the balance needs to be a bit more in favor of portion size before I can justify being a regular at Nosh & Swig. Glad I tried it. Hope they do well at this location.
5	I have to update my review to the full on 5 stars. They deserve it. The last 3 times I have dined here it has been perfection. They have stepped up their game as a new east side restaurant. Got rid of the things that didn't work and embraced those that did. A family owned joint, that remembers their regulars. I have taken friends, family, and kids here and every time everyone is happy. A couple items that I personally love are the deviled eggs, the edamame, and the fondue. For a dessert you can't go wrong. There is the cookie-mon, choc chip cookie, and ice cream. Simple and great. There is the happy ending, which comes with popping mochi pearls. Or the Brie dawg with bananas and Brie cheese. The most recent experience I had a full striped sea bass. I've never ate a fish with the head still on it, let's just say it was very pleasant. I plan on continuing to dine here until that isn't an option anymore. Well done Nosh & Swig!
5	I've been wanting to try this place and last Saturday I finally did! I had amazing company from my husband Joel, my good friend and fellow Yelper Dyanna L. and her boyfriend Brent. I can't tell u how much fun it is going out with these guys! I know Dyanna and Brent have been to Nosh & Swig several times so I looked to them on what to get. Their answer was everything is good! Nosh & Swig are a tapas type of place. So we of course ordered ALL the things and shared. We started with the Spicy Edamame and the deviled eggs. Once you start eating the Edamame you can't stop. Perfect spice! Next came out our Fondue which had apples, strawberries, bread, chips & some veggies to dip in the cheesy sauce. More food started coming out. Dyanna got the special which was a whole Seared Bass with the head and all! It was covered in a wonderful Sweet Chili sauce. It was excellent and a little birdie said it's going on their new menu in April. I'm so getting that next time. Joel had the Monte Cristo Sandwich which came with a berry compote. It was crispy and gooey with the fried egg on top. The Short Ribs came out next for Brent. I got the Dragons Claws. They were jalapenos stuffed with a spicy tuna and fried in tempura. The sauce on top was delicious. A great bite of food. We also all shared the Sticky Bun Tacos. Which I loved. Mmmmm pork belly. The Korean Bbq Wings had the perfect amount of spice. The Pretzel Brats were so tasty. I could have eaten like five more of those. The Chicken Apple Sausage is a great complement to the cheese gravy.We of course had to get dessert. Joel ordered the Cookiemon. It was cookie dough cooked in a little cast iron skillet with Vanilla Ice Cream on top. Mmmm so yummy. Brent got the Happy Ending it's kinda like a Thai Ice Cream taco. I think that is pretty much all we ordered. It was a lot of food and really not that expensive for what we got. The service was excellent. The Chef even came out and talked to us and made sure we liked everything. I hear they have music on Friday nights. I'm for sure going back for more and more! Especially for the new menu in April!!!
5	This is about as good as it gets for fusion! An epicurean delight. I had to meet the owner/chef Steve who created these unique dishes. I'm not even exaggerating when I say I was noisily eating, making close to obscene yummy sounds. I truly hope everyone gets to try this place & gives Steve the credit he deserves. Nom nom nom!!!!!!!
4	I've heard a lot of good about Nosh&Swig so I took the Mrs to see if it lived up to the hype. I have dined at this establishment 3 times now and can say that it's a solid 4 star joint. The food is good (skip the salads, not worth it) and the price OK. The pork offerings seem to be their wheelhouse (seriously great) while the chicken and beef are good options as well. The location is the real problem for Nosh & Swig. It's in an odd location that isn't particularly convenient. It requires dining earlier to catch a show and isn't close to anything. It's good, worth the detour, and a must try for foodies!
5	My taste buds are doing back flips ! So everythings served on  small plates . You get to experience many exciting flavors , textures.  Chef is fun & the food phenomenal.  Atmosphere really chill the music the staff. Just makes you want to smile. They also had another great surprise . The popcorn !" You say what ? Popcorn ? Yes the popcorn . Kicks the crap out of Krispy cream donuts .( the one thing I noticed people can't just have 1 of ) Impossible you say . Try it , I dare you ;) crazy good !! This is a really fun place . Bring a group, break bread together.  You will leave with a great big smile . An surely come back for more ! We have everything in Vegas. So it's really hard to stand out . This is a gem . Also the chef is also the owner so the food is consistent.
5	My new east side fave! The Diablo eggs are not to be missed and the Korean Chicken wings ...all was severely yummy!  Fabulous service and nicely different drinks!
5	By far my FAVORITE place in Vegas. Tapas style. Delicious, Fresh, Flavorful, Eclectic, Invigorating.Every dish is a delightful suprise. Even if you've had it before. Warm people and great service offered in a charming, contemporary setting, with every detail thought of...you absolutely must try this place.
5	Even if you don't go for the food, the happy hour is great!! Live music is good too.  Just a nice place to chill, swig and nosh of you choose.  I have been many times and never disappointed.
5	Really good food, great prices (especially during happy hour).  We tried about 8 different menu items and all were phenomenal.  The monte cristo, bao and Korean wings were standouts.  The drinks were also very good.  The night we went they were having live entertainment and the band (Hawaiian/bluesy) was great.  We had a movie to get to otherwise I think we would have stayed longer.  This is a great place to go as a group or for date night.  I probably wouldn't bring my kids here since I didn't get that vibe from this place, but otherwise I think just about anyone would enjoy it.
5	This is now the first place I will be taking my friends.  You would never expect this type of restaurant when it is located in a old strip mall on flamingo.  Inside is a slick modern restaurant with a great tapas menu and drink selection.  The servers were super awesome, and the first time I knew i was pretty rude at the male server, so if you are reading this kind sir, I am quite sorry.  We enjoyed your service.  Alot of the menu is great, there are a few misses but the price and environment is fantastic.  I will be back as many  times as i can and I will bring all the people I know.
5	OMG this place is absolutely fabulous!!!!! We arrived around 6 pm on a Friday and were seated right away. Come to find out because it's First Friday, they were a little slow, to our benefit.First of all they start you off with water and a little tin bowl of kettle corn. Ashleigh was our main server, bet everyone serves all the tables, which makes sure you're not waiting long for anything. The menu is awfully entertaining. I selected their chicken and waffles, i think it was called the chick-waffle-doo or something like that. We also got the Elote (corn) which was 3 small ears of corn with butter and some sauce that was TO DIE FOR!!!!!! Chicken breaded in corn flakes, over a Belgium waffle, 4 sweet potato tots and berry syrup.Another in our group ordered the Chicken Satay. Which was chicken skewers braised in peanut sauce, served with sticky rice and cucumber salad. Can you say Aaaaaaa-mazing! The last person in our group of 3, the only one who had been there before, ordered some turkey sausage pretzlebun sliders and a grilled cheese. Last we shared a plate of sticky bun tacos. Which was heaven in a bun. Fried pork belly with some slaw jammed in a sticky bun shaped into a taco shell. To top it off we ordered thai tea, you only get one serving but it comes in a LARGE mason jar.It was all fantastic, not too expensive and we left full with some to take home for later tonight!  I've never gone to a tapas place before so I am a little green when it comes to this type of food...but the servers and chef couldn't be any less green. Everything suggested was just right. Let me tell you i will be back on a Friday when they have live music!!!! And I can't wait to try some of their alcohol drinks too.
5	When you're tired of the over priced food on the strip. You MUST go to Nosh and Swig. There's so much good stuff here, I don't know where to begin. The staff is excellent and the food is incredible!! The Korean BBQ wings, the sliders, sticky bun tacos are all must haves!! We had 6 plates and wanted to keep eating. The small plates all have fantastic flavor. Chef Steve-O is brilliant and is cooking food that is creative and flavorful!
1	Disappointing! Turned away without even trying after driving 25 minutes to try for the 1st time. It's 9:15, sign says close at 10p. "We decided to close early today" #FalseAdvertising
1	They should say open @11 and close "when we feel like it"...showed up just past 9pm and with no real apology or explanation, they wouldn't seat us..I don't care how good the food is.. I won't be returning.. #YourTimeIsntValuable #TimeToGo #SeinfeldStartsIn45
4	OK -- if you haven't heard about "noshing" before then you need to come to Nosh and Swig. They have a great assortment of smaller portions that you share with whomever you're with. The fun thing is that everyone gets to try a bit of everything. You generally begin with one order of something for everyone, plus one. Then you keep reordering until everyone is full. One item on the must have button is the sticky bun tacos. Wow they were good. They also have a nice assortment of mixed drinks, if you are so inclined. We really enjoyed Nosh & Swig and will be back again soon.
5	Great spot, delicious food and super reasonable.  Their sliders were heaven! If you down near Hughes youMust drive the extra mile and hit this place up, so worth it!!!I didn't have my kids w me on this trip but I noticed on the menu they have a kids section, which is awesome! Ordinarily I wouldn't have been able to stop here but since they have kid friendly items and staples like grilled cheese I def can.
4	Very low key and laid back. They play reggae the whole time.The Cucumber-Kiwi mix-o-nade... Is god damn amazing.Baked and Blazed, Clams and Bacon were our first choices, from the Happy Hour menu (3-6pm)Then we chose the Sticky Bun Tacos, Cocka-Waffle-Doo, and Smokey Poke...and it was alllll delicious. Super yum.Dessert? Brie Dawg.You'll have to come here atleast 3 times to really try the menu, but I highly recommend trying this place period, see what you like. I don't imagine anything being "bad", only more of taste opinion.What would make it a star higher? An expanded menu and more eccentric flavors. Aside from that, very NEAT :P
2	Hmmmm overall, mediocre food, weird atmosphere and both times I've had pretty slow service.Everything sounds and looks sooo much more amazing than it actually tastes. Nothing tastes bad but nothing really pops. Some of their food tastes fresh and some tastes frozen.Popcorn: super salty and kind of stale Cheesey tots - tasted frozen, some tots super soggy, some crunchy, flavor tasted eh Chicken and waffles-dark meat and overcooked chicken, sauce was good thoughBaked and Blazed- like Mac & cheese from a box, underseasoned Monte Cristo- the only item I really liked, good flavor and tasted fresh Pretzel bratz- didn't like the sausage they used, and pretzel buns were a little hard Cookiemon- hard cookie, overbaked I feel that if they spruced up the atmosphere it would be more enjoyable. I was somewhat sweating while eating lol. There's no ac (or atleast it feels like there's none) and they have several floor fans. It feels musty and humid. Also they keep half of their lights off. It feels way too dark for the type of food they're serving and looks like they're closed. It just doesnt feel fresh and they can't blame it on the older building because i've taken several classes at the real estate school in the same building and it's bright and fresher feeling in there. I like their island music though. They have a great concept and great food ideas but sadly not executed that great especially for the price. I'd much rather go to firefly even though they've had their health code issues lol. I probably will only come back if friends want to come here or if my boyfriend wants a light snack.
5	Where to start? I LOVE tapas...I mean LOVE...and when my husband suggested Nosh and Swig for a date night I started racking my thoughts...working in the food and beverage industry I hear EVERYTHING about new restaurants...and after much racking I vaguely remember a coworker describing it as delicious...so I figured we'd give it a go...but not before confirming that it had a great review via yelp...so away we went tonight..WOW!!! I can only describe the delicious menu combinations as a little slices of heaven...we were greeted promptly by Ashleigh and the ordering began right away because we were starving...she assured us we made yummy decisions and the journey began...we had the following:Blueberry Mint LemonadeCucumber Lemonade (2)Spicy EndamameLottsa MozzaPaellaPescado TortaPork TacosKorean Chicken WingsHappy Ending DessertUmmmmm....completely epic...and what was more awesome than that? The bill! $67 with tax!!!! What?!!! Insane...and the attention to the smallest details in food preparation excites me...and they nailed it...from the perfectly spicy Kimchi on the wings to the delicious slaw on the pescado torta...Nosh and Swig doesn't miss a beat...the service was great (props to Ashleigh) and it was nice to see what I'm assuming was the manager on the floor helping out...(props to owners who care!) The set list performed by Jessica Manalo (the in house entertainment) could've kept my attention for decades!!! What a little star...there is nothing to fault at this delightful little restaurant...in fact I can't wait to tell all of my coworkers and friends to stop by and enjoy a night of pure greatness!!! We look forward to coming back!!! Thank you N and S!!!!
5	Wonderful local joint. Great food, cheap drinks and local musicians. They have daily drink specials too. We went for a quick drink and bite before a show, it was perfect. Potions just large enough to share but not over priced. Will defiantly go back.
2	I was excited about all the reviews and the tapas nature of this place, so we ventured here on a Wednesday night after work. For the hour we were there, there were only two other customers-- a woman in her 60's (who liked walking over and asking about what we ordered) and an older man who came in to watch a game. Is anything wrong with older people? Of course not, but it felt like it wasn't the demographic they were shooting for. THE GOOD: The popcorn at each table is cute and fairly tasty. The cheesy tots were good, but it's really hard to mess up tots (I mean, the school cafeteria pulled it off) but they weren't anything special. The ribstack was delicious, and the meat wasn't remotely dry. Very decent iced tea.THE BLAND AND THE BAD: Sticky bun tacos were a small amount of meat and a TON of soft taco, kind of burying everything inside. The diablo eggs were an afterthought-- if you're "meh" on deviled eggs, these will not change your mind. The brulee salmon was almost tasteless... I LOVE salmon (raw is best, but anything well prepared is aces with me) but this was just so bland. So very, very bland.Service was slow, and as noted-- the place was a ghost town. The young waiter seemed kind of annoyed that we were there (two quiet, friendly people; truly a nightmare!) and seemed uncomfortable in general. There were trying for that "expanded food truck" stainless steel decor inside, but when the place is empty and kinda messy and the service isn't particularly friendly... it felt a bit like eating in a room temperature meat locker. 2 1/2, a lot of wasted potential.
5	I'm especially fond of this restaurant because it's in my neighborhood and the owners are really friendly.  My favorite items on the menu are the Tokyo Crepe and the Sticky Bun Tacos... but I think I've tried everything and there isn't anything I wouldn't eat again. This is the kind of place where they learn your name and remember your favorite dishes. And it's a great choice for a big party because of the good service, tapas atmosphere and reasonable prices.
5	I really don't know where to begin, I've never had a bad experience here. The customer service is amazing. The drink menu is definitely not your typical drinks but everything is delicious, from the non-alcoholic drinks served in mason jars to the crunchberries and sake drink that are to die for!!! Everything I've tried food wise I loved even some stuff that I didn't want to try I ended up loving after one bite.  The beef jerky and edamame are the first things I order the moment I sit down and while enjoying my crunchberries and the free popcorn I decide what other favorites I'm going to chose from... The poke is amazing along with the Steve-o grilled cheese... I always save room for dessert so make sure you do also! They are coming out with a new menu next week so I will update after the new items roll out!
3	Came here for a bite to eat on a weeknight as I live very close to this place and I had stalked their menu (which is apparently going to be revamped soon, so sorry if some of this will soon be outdated). The layout of this place is a little weird and it was really hot inside. They appeared to have a portable AC unit but it was really far away. The service was a little off to me. Just came over and non-nonchalantly handed us their menu and set down our drinks. Hardly a greeting when we came in the door and no recommendations when ordering. That is why a star had to be knocked off. In this tough business, you must try and make your business stand out with some personality and customer service. The food was hit or miss. Loved the popcorn that came before the meal. I thought that was a really fun concept. The sticky bun tacos were a bust for us. The bun was underwhelming and the pork belly was super dry. There were not enough flavors in the toppings to add some dimension to the dish. The tuna in the poke was not as fresh as I would like, but a good flavor. The pretzel brats were pretty great. I kept sniffing them because they smelled like a doughnut to me and I was totally puzzled. When I took off the bun to slather some mustard, I noticed what appeared to be cinnamon and butter on the bun. Whatever it was, it worked. The elote was also fantastic and probably my favorite of all of the dishes. I would not be opposed to checking out this place again after their menu is re-vamped but I may see what other reviewers have to say about it first. Hopefully they will instill some more character into their service to try and bump themselves up above the rest.
4	This place is awesome. Love the small plates which allows you to try a few different things. Service was on point and very helpful. We got to try some new menu items since a new menu was about to come out. The only downside was it was very hot inside, I'm not sure if the AC was broken or not. I will definitely return to checkout the new menu.
5	The part of Vegas I live in isn't particularly known for its cuisine. I generally have to drive 15+ minutes to eat something awesome. When Nosh and Swig opened last year I couldn't have been happier. It's a sparkling gem of my neighborhood. Truly. The owners and staff are warm and friendly. The food is fun tapas with gourmet twists. I'm always surprised by the ingenious combinations of ingredients the chef comes up with. I've tried almost everything on the menu. At least once. And I'm always excited  to go back. And homemade French macarons. I just finished off half a dozen like 5 minutes ago. There's love in the food they make. You can tell. And that's what I look for in a restaurant. Inspired creations. What's better than that?
2	First walking into Nosh I had the feeling of walking into an episode of Portlandia, lol.  little brother said it smelled like ZIA record store and reminded him of the now closed Yayo Tacos across UNLV.  Indeed the hip 90's are alive in the decor here.  Reggae covers of popular songs and more reggae played.  Not exactly what I expected with the advertising and pictures of food I saw, kinda like meeting someone from Facebook for the first time.  You kind of have to just accept some things.  The wait staff was very polite but didn't seem like the server type.  The food here is what I described as perfect for any Tommy Chong fan.  There were some fun dishes and then some were trying to be refined ones.  I found everything to be a bit over priced.  The drinks were good.  One member ordered the Fruit Punch tea another had the Thai tea and I ordered the Cream lemonade.  They were all tasty and large portioned.   Chicharon - porkbelly and tots' with cheese and sauces in a small skillet plate.Decent not amazing.Drunken (sailor?) sliders - had a nice fat patty and an egg on it with some great sauce in there.  Very good sliders!  You bite into a yolk and then pow that sweet sauce kicks in.  Naan-ya business - essentially a naan bread rendition of a margherita pizza.  Italian parsley, artichoke, garlic and I think some baby spinach leaves.  Meh.Requested* Truffle tots - did not see a speck of truffle in them or taste even "truffle" oil at all at least.  Came with a big portion of katsup.  Yeck!  Did not care to spend 4$ on plain ol' tater tots..Sticky bun tacos - These were basically bbq pork siopao.  I love dim sum but I'm not a big fan of sticky bun.  A bit skimpy.  Cock- a-waffle-do - Fried chicken and waffles with blueberry sauce.  Waffle was soggy chicken was fried till dried.  It was bigger portioned and pretty though.Lechon - 3 pieces of pork roasted then fried served with a heavy bannana type sauce.  This pretty much is like something we've had at Filipino restaurants.  Gave us a hint at what the over all menu partially stemmed from.  Great, but way over priced.Desert was Shaved Ice.  Had purple yam ice cream in the middle and frosted flakes on top with condensed milk on bottom.  Too much cereal in this one.  Not worth 10$All in all for the bill of 95$ including the tip at Nosh & Swig, I would much rather have gone to Firefly Tapas and added a carafe of Mojito along with it for the same price.  Maybe we'll give Nosh' another chance some day..
5	I should have reviewed this place long ago but I was too busy eating there to take the time to sit down and write. We have been going here since they opened, first enticed in by a Groupon and then brought back by Chef Steve's wonderfully inspired dishes. This is a small plates restaurant so do not order one plate and expect to be full. The menu is divided into individual proteins and veggies. Read the descriptions carefully and then order enough to share. My husband and I typically order four or five plates and then hesitate over dessert. Chef Steve did a menu change recently so now we will be enjoying some new items and hope that you also try them out. Go with a group of people, its more funThe Poke is one of my favorites, but make sure you mix it to get the seasoning all through it. One the new new additions is the Beef Carpaccio, Very flavorful. Also the shrimp dish, I believe its called Mini Mi's but its on a bun with slaw. The slaw is so good I would eat just that. They are so many dishes that it is truly had to remember. Checkout their ode to the Monte Cristo, it will make you weep. The owners work hard to provide good service and are always looking to improve. So.....if you want to eat and not be bothered go for lunch during the day. If you want busy with some music and noise check them out on a Friday night. They have a Facebook page that will tell you if there is something going on before you head out. Since I am all about the food, we go during the daytime. They also apparently have a happy hour but I don't know what that is about, I have just read the sign.The decor is very basic, as is the plating and utensils. Because we have been coming here since the beginning, we have been able to see the changes they have made to the place over time. I can see where they have spent their money and am able to understand their choices. I would much rather have great food than great decor.
5	Food, service, atmosphere are amazing... Hubby and I can't get enough of this place... If you have not tried this place yet your missing out this goes out to all foodies....
4	I came here with some locals for dinner and the food was better then expected! I liked everything we are and the chef is truly talented. I wish I had an appetite big enough to try everything! There was a man singing and we were enjoying it. They have a full bar and there is parking in the lot. You cannot go wrong here. Enjoy!
5	I've been here a few times now, and the food is always excellent!! The Monte Carlo is delicious, as well as the Tiger Cry (although it is pretty salty, but that's to be expected from beef jerky). I will definitely be back again to try some other items on their menu.
5	Last night was girls night (Thirsty Thursday is what I like to call it ;) & we decided to try this place. We had the BEST time. The cocktails were delicious, the food was scrumptious & the service was phenomenal. Our waiter was awesome. He was funny & attentive. It felt like he had been our friend for years. We found out half way through our meal that our waiter was actually the owner. Last night was such a great experience. I'm so glad we gave it a try.
4	Coming into Nosh for a second time I had an open mind to see just what it has to offer.  So far it seems to have more than I initially thought.  I certainly was a bit harsh first time.  I dig the atmosphere.  Now.  It has a campus vibe, bleeding with local establishment character.It's not trying to be what all the hype made it out to be.  It's just a young trendy Hawaiian type restaurant with fusion dishes.  Service was quik today.  For what it is it's a good dig.Took my toddlers with us this time.  The complimentary salty sweet popcorn wasn't stale at all.  I gave some to our 18 month old and he was stoked.  Matisyahu was playing and he was actually grooving to the reggae playing the whole time.  Our 3 year old was running amok in the place without bothering other diners and I like that it's laid back enough to allow my boys spirit to be free.  Islander parenting okay!  How many serial killers are islander, huh?Anyway we stuck to the HH menu today and got the cheesy tots which had some diced tomatoes onions and peppers with white cheese in a mini skillet.  3$ @HH and was really tasty. 3/5Then we had the Baked & Blazed mac & cheese.  It was about as baked as most of the clientele (maybe workers too, lol)  I don't mind it at all.  We all remember the college years..  It had small shell pasta and a creamy white cheese.  Decent for 4$ HH. 2.5/5Next was the Manila clams and bacon appetizer.  Served in a shallow bowl with 6 clams and chuncks of bacon in a red sauce.  Like a mini clam bake.  It came with 2 olive oiled french toast slices.  A nice different dish. 3.5/5Ended with a beloved drunken slider.  We love these.  Its a kimchi garnished sweet beer sauced slider with an over easy egg.  First bite breaks the yolk then that sweet pow.  Still love these. 5/5Had the specialty drinks.  My lemonade cream and she had the cucumber tea, er something er other.  Both were refreshing and large as last time.  The cream lemonade had those tasty juice boba balls.  So sweet and poppy.  I really need to buy those for the house!  Overall I gave Nosh a bad rap last time and I really do like to treat local a little better than that so.  I'll add 2 more stars on this rating.  Yeah I might be getting soft, yelpers.
4	Solid food. It was enjoyable. There just needs to be better ventilation.
4	Turned up not knowing that the person I was going with hadn't been there either. Delightfully surprised. The service was GREAT. The food came fast and was also very very good. The drink menu was elaborate and had drinks on it that I had never seen before and I have worked around building drink menus before. I tried a few and was not disappointed. Keen to try more  drinks and food off the menu.
5	What's not to love about this restaurant? I've been wanting to try it forever and finally got a chance yesterday! The restaurant has a nice big open feel and is way cute inside. Lori (spelling) was a gracious host. She started us off with some caramel kettle corn. Delish! I could have just eaten this alone! I ordered the Cuban B and the Elote and my friend ordered the pretzel brats! Amazingly good! Never had Elote this good. So much flavor packed into each dish. We shared the churronut with pistachio ice cream for dessert. Yummy! I unfortunately didn't take pictures but will be back!
5	The food is so good. And the service was fantastic. I have nothing but good things to say. Please try Peas and Carrots on the menu. It's totally worth it.
5	The best restaurant during my visit here in Vegas!!!My cousin and I had this spot bookmarked and decided to have dinner here. When we arrived, it looked like the restaurant was closed. All darken and dimmed is what we saw from the emptied parking lot. It was around 7pm on a Saturday. We did make our way to the entrance and saw they were opened. We were the only ones in the restaurant, except for a few employees of the restaurant. Our host/waitress was very friendly and speculated the emptiness of the restaurant was due to a UFC event happening this time of day. We were seated at a nearby booth and browsed the menu.The menu was full of delicious fusion tapas dishes. Gloutney was on my mind, but I had to keep in mind that we were mid point of our trip. Still more to see and do! Picking menu items was like picking lottery numbers. We won't know if we had winners or disappointments. For my beverage, I decided to get the Thai tea with boba. Below is the list of menu items we order and shared, detailed with the ingredients of the dishes: - Monte cristo: (black forest ham, gruy'ee cheese, fried egg, and wild berry compote)- Chuyquiles: (sauteed tortillas, melted cheeses, fried egg, and salsa roja)- Peas & carrots: (sweet carrot rangoon and english pea puree)- Coq au vin adobo: (red wine braised chicken wings, garlic shoyu, and flash fry)- Short rib sliders (dr. pepper braised, blue cheese bechamel, fresh apple, petite greens)- Elot'e: (grilled corn, garlic butter, cayenne, and cilantro pesto)***For dessert***- Shaved ice (purple yam ice cream (ube), cornflakes, coconut, melon slivers, popping pearls, and condensed milk)- Churrnut ala mode (doughnuts churro-style with ice cream of the day which was pistachio) All I have to say is with this line-up, we won the lottery. Nothing was over or under cooked. Everything was just right for me. Meats were tender. The chicken wings were fall off the bone good! The spices and marinades brought distinguished flavors that brought all the dishes to life. My favorites were the monte cristo and chuyquiles.The desserts were equally as good. If you're a resident of Las Vegas or an out of towner like myself looking for great eats, you've got to give Nosh & Swig a try!
2	This place has great food, but is habitually closed when they state that they should be open. To put this in perspective they have been closed 4 out of 7 times we've tried dinning here during their posted hours.
5	This place is a wonderful surprise, I would never have expected this level of quality in a strip mall, it feels like it would be much more at home with the five star restaurants on the strip. The service staff is professional yet friendly and approachable and the prices you would never associate with food this amazing. A true diamond on the rough. They just earned a regular costumer.
5	Found this great restaurant thanks to yelp!  As a "foodie" from NYC, I highly recommend!!
4	Excellent good, cool environment.   A little warm at the restaurant but the food and service were excellent.   I strongly recommend the sticky bun tacos.  Awesome! I thought the pricing was very reasonable.   Will definitely go bsck.  I liked the chicken wings as well.
5	Delicious! Great quality, prompt, friendly service and the food was tasty. Looking forward to the next visit.
4	INSPIRED TO RETURNDecided we wanted to change it up this evening and try a new restaurant on the east side rather than fall back on our trustworthy standards. Happen to show up just before 6pm while N&S still had their Happy Hour menu available. Started with four items from the Happy Hour menu, thinking we would have room to order more from the regular menu. The portions were more than ample for sharing and we only ended up ordering one item from the main menu, dessert.  The best Happy Hour item was the Drunken slider. Cooked to perfection and more than enough to share.  Next time from the main menu, we plan on trying the Short Ribs and maybe just one more dish since the portions are large for us.  It might just be a "Thai " inspired one since Steve the owner and chef is half Thai.
3	Items Selected:Nosh Crack CornPeas & Carrots - Sweet Carrot Rangoon, English Pea PureeBeeten Apple - Warm Goat Cheese, Grilled Honey Toast, Micro Greens, Beet & Apple SauceMonte Cristo - Black Forest Ham, Gruyere Cheese, Fried Egg, Wild Berry CompoteCocka-Waffle-Doo - Cornflake Crusted Chicken, Belgian Waffle, Blueberry Maple ReductionGimme Sa-More - Fried Chocolate, Brulee Marshmallow, Banana PureeChurrnut Ala Mode - Churro-Style Doughnut topped with Oreo, Pistachio Ice CreamSelf described as 'a food festival of funzies' and offering an 'express train to Flavortown' I was admittedly a bit leery as I entered Nosh & Swig but with a menu that at least seemed willing to take some risks and myself already in the area I decided to take a peak - my meal as unwieldy as the options themselves in a room that seemed to suggest some sort of spiritualism beneath the blare of Top-40.  Apparently part of some recent food-television contest, at least according to the only other diners present during the first half of my hour-long stay, and featuring the sort of service where patrons are frequently referred to a 'buddy' or 'bro,' it was just a few minutes prior to noon that I entered the sizable strip-mall space and seating myself after grabbing a menu it would not be long before 'crack corn' and water arrived - the former a relatively straightforward salty-sweet combo with that wasn't particularly addictive, though a bit more interesting than boring bread-service to be sure.  Clearly a kitchen where tongue-in-cheek and whimsy are part of the show it was in a duo of vegetables that my meal began and although the Peas and Carrots was decidedly delicious with plenty of vegetal sweetness amidst the crisp wontons, the "beeten apple" was mostly forgettable - a stacked pseudo-bruschetta compromised by lifeless bread with honey and apple mostly overwhelming both cheese and thinly cut beets.   Moving next to options from the pork and chicken parts of the menu it was the Monte Cristo that arrived first and griddled rather than fried the sandwich was far lighter than usual, a fact furthered by far too little filling to go with just a drizzle of jam.  Moving next to a clever presentation of Chicken and Waffles that proved to be the best savory of the meal as both the waffle and chicken showed well, it was here that my server inexplicably tried to end the afternoon by offering the check and acting as if I'd eaten 'a lot' despite each plates' modest portions I assured him I would like to go on - a duo of desserts again representing a hit-and-miss proposition as the enormous Chinese-donut-come-churro was excellent on its own - and even moreso when crumbled into the ice cream - while S'mores were poorly executed with marshmallows not warmed through and the chocolate a dense chunk inside the oily outer shell.Probably a space better suited for large-group sharing, particularly if paired with enough drinking to make the 'funzies' seem more fantastic, Nosh & Swig almost seems to be trying to out-Fieri the Mayor of Flavortown himself - a half-hearted attempt that seemed to fall on deaf ears when I mentioned the flaws in execution on both the 'bruschetta' and the S'mores - the later actually garnering a "yeah yeah, I can see that, bro" when I pointed out what seemed to be a half-dissolved Hershey Kiss inside the remaining wonton I sent back to the kitchen untouched.
5	The Smokey Poke was amazeballz!!..#atetoomuchoffhehappyhourmenu    I'm not being bias to say he does great Thai and fusion dishes but soon he will have Duck and more awesomeness! !! Got the inside scoop. ....from the man!!!
5	Outstanding! I've driven by this place lots of times, decided to give it a shot. Everything was so tasty! The Coq au Vin chicken wings were so moist and flavorful, I actually drank the liquid in the bottom of the plate. Presentation was beautiful all around. Love supporting these quirky, smaller businesses that thrive in the shadow of the strip! Can't wait to go back!
3	I want to give them more stars but I've only been able to actually eat there once out of the 3 times we've attempted to go. And that time we had to wait for them to open the doors at 12:20 when they were suppose to open at 12. We tried to go again, which is a 30 min drive, and they decided to close as we walked up after I called 4 hours earlier to ask if it was going to be busy. This city is word of mouth, and we will not recommend or go there ever again.
5	I live down the road from Nosh & Swig, and yes, the area is a little old and not very glitzy. Don't let that keep you from finding some hidden gems on this side of town. Nosh is amazing, and I have never had a bad experience here. Sometimes there is a new server who may be a little slow on their roll, but everyone is always extremely nice and they are ready to offer up a recommendation if you are second guessing your order.The chef has been rotating the menu lately, and I love it. He has come out of the kitchen to personally serve me and my family because we are regulars, and he exudes passion for his craft and will go into detail about his ideas and his new creations. The vibe there is so friendly and laid back, no pretentious snobbery going on at all.I'd like to recommend at least one dish, but I've had so many and I cannot choose! The mini banh mi sandwiches are fantastic, and the seafood paella was creamy and delicious. I also love getting their green apple iced tea, which tastes like eating a fresh apple, I simply cannot do it justice with words.If Nosh is far from you, then I guess dine at your own risk. I certainly don't drive to Summerlin often, if ever, for dinner, but that's usually because I have Nosh within walking distance and know I can get an amazing meal there. But if you are looking to support something local and not some chain or casino restaurant, then you really should give this place a shot, they're worth it.
1	This place is permanently CLOSED! We drove by tonight for dinner and the lights were off, doors were locked, open sign off and no one answered the phone. Not typical for a business on a Friday night. I'm bummed too because I was totally captivated by their yelp reviews!
1	Poor communication warrants this 1-star review. Nosh & Swig is CLOSED. This is not clearly posted anywhere, even on location! If you have been thinking about going, or like we did, make the long drive over the Flamingo and Sandhill, be ready to swallow some disappointment. According to an article online (that I found while scrolling a Nosh & Swig google search) the owners have closed the doors-  re-open vs gone baby gone? A simple note on their website (or even sign on the door!) may just be a courteous afterthought.
