5	Where do I begin! Atmosphere is cool. Drinks are "dynomite." It's next door to my work. The staff is well, HOT! WOW! Oh yeah and the food isn't bad either. Really, the food is awesome. It's very healthy and they have an extensive menu and it's very affordable. My favorite is the Shawarma (Mediteranian Roasted Chicken Pita). There are several other locations. If you haven't tried one you should! Get that Whopper out yo mouth get your fat butt off the couch and get something healthy for a change!
3	I'm going to start this off with a 3 star review, I may come back to update this with a better one since I love Pita Jungle on Apache. This new location is visually very appealing, so new, clean and nice. I was in a hurry since I was busy at work and ordered togo. It was their first day open and they had opened 1 day earlier than they told me before so it might have been the first day jitters. Well my order was messed up and I ended up not eating it at all. The item I ordered was visually no appealing but could have been to the size restraint of the togo box. Next time i'm going to take the time to go in and enjoy my hummus. =)The Philly cheese pita looked overwhelmingly good.
5	Pita Jungle has something for everything. Even my pickiest friends love it.  The Desert Ridge location is brand new, has a big patio, more tables than the other locations and the food quality has not suffered.  The Salmon Salad, Pesto Pizza, Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus & the Beef Gyro are among my favorite items. This location does feel less hipster than the Tempe location, but that isn't a bad thing.
4	The new Pita Jungle in Desert Ridge is great, just like all the other locations! This is not your traditional Mediterranean place - they focus non offering healthy items at very reasonable prices. They have many of the staples of Greek/Mediterranean food, like gyros, chicken shawarma, hummus, etc., but lack some of the less healthy dishes (like saganaki). What they lack in traditional Mediterranean dishes they make up for with other healthy offerings, like Caribbean salad, veggie burgers, pizzas, etc. Whether you eat in their nice modern dining room or take it to go, you'll enjoy the food, and your body and wallet will thank you.
5	Ok, here it is my updated review of this Pita Jungle. I love this place. Other than their rocky start they have done a great job. The food here is great, service is great and I never have to wait too long for my order. I have been to this location so many times I think they are getting sick of me. Ha, I love this place, the spicy chicken wrap, the Philly chicken pita are awesome and addicting. I love that they take the time to learn my name since they see me so often and make conversation and make sure I always am taken care of. Great service and food!
4	I'm not sure I love this place as much as my wife but I do have to say it was really good food when we went the other day. Really busy when we were there but actually was kinda cool. We ended up sitting right next to @jenn_ex and her family so it was cool to chat with them and the others around us. Everyone seemed to be having a great time and we all just loved our food. My wife, Michelle said (5 times) "I could drink this hummus" so I suggest you order the hummus sampler appetizer. :)
4	I'm pretty much a fan of any Pita Jungle.. but especially this newer Desert Ridge location for two reasons. First, it is only about a 10 or so minute drive up the 51 to this Pita Jungle from CenPho with little traffic during non-rush hours. Secondly, the tables are HUGE which is a big plus for me, considering that the tables at other PJ's are cramped and pushed together. They seem to be ironing out the flaws in the food and the space is really beautiful. Pita Jungle is perfect, as always, for a fast, quick and healthy meal.
2	The food was OK but the staff were unprofessional. One of the hostesses wore a very tight and low cut dress... For a minute I thought we were at a gentleman's club. The hostess placed our menus on a table on the patio. While we were walking to our table, the manager approached us and said "you have to go through the front entrance," as if we sneaked in. He didn't care that one of us was disabled, with a cane. It took almost 20 minutes for our server to come to take our drink order. Someone from our group asked for no tomato and no onion on her wrap... too bad we couldn't find our server to correct the order because he was MIA. Lastly, the food wasn't flavorful. The shawarma was bland and sauceless. If you are into trendy places with snooty clientele and mediocre food, you will love this place.  I've been to the Pita Jungle in Scottsdale and Tempe and had very pleasant experiences at both.
2	It pains me to write a negative review of PJ, but I just have to ... I was so excited for the new location to open because my husband and I go to the Indian School location any time we're down that way, and this is way closer to home. We were impressed by all the room up there! Not cramped like the other locations. Unfortunately, the food was not nearly as good! Both of our meals were not nearly as good as we've had before (at the other locations). Also, our service was terrible. We asked another server if ours was new, but nope: She'd bee there since it opened a couple months ago. She forgot jalapeno our hummus appetizer (to their credit, they brought it out after our meal and gave it to us for free, but it was bland and not that good). She charged me for a side of tahini, even though it was supposed to come with my veggie burger, and she never refilled our drinks. Overall, this was a very disappointing PJ experience. I'll try again one more time, but if it doesn't improve, I won't be going back to this North Valley location. :(
4	I finally made it to this new location of Pita Jungle last week for dinner... While it has a different feel to it, I liked it just as much if not more than the other locations.  It's modern and spacious and has ample seating both inside and out.  Not to mention, you can always count on PJ for an affordable, filling, and healthy meal.I went with a group of five of us on a night that was actually pleasant (not too hot), so we opted to sit outside even though there was a ten minute wait to do so.  We sat at the communal table inside and ordered some hummus as an appetizer and then once our table was available, we moved outside.I tried something new this time - the sauteed garlic spinach.  I ordered it as an appetizer (i know, kind of weird), but it was the perfect healthy beginning to my macro platter entree.  While Jared would not kiss me that night (hello, garlic breath), it was worth it... I enjoyed my meal and our service was attentive as well - and that says a lot since our group went through a ton of water and iced tea.  Other items that our group had were greek salad with chicken, some seafood special, chicken schwarma, and curry chicken.  Everyone was satisfied and went home with a full belly.I learned that this location is a franchise and not the same owners as the original PJ locations.  I think they are planning on opening some additional locations as well.  That's fine with me - the more PJ locations, the better.  The "Jungle" continues to be an old standby for me, my friends, and family - no matter what location!
4	I like this place but it is really nothing special. Everything I have had was good but not great. The 4th star was for price. It is reasonable for what you get. I like the hummus trio and the chicken gyro.
5	Okay, so I have lived i Phoenix for a year and a half and I am moving in 5 days and tonight was my first meal at Pita Jungle...can you say SLIP!? SO SO good! My girlfriend and I started with the jalapeno hummus which was wondrous! The pita was great and light which didn't take away from the great flavor of the hummus. For my entree I went with the Mediterranean salad which was one of their specials and I LOVED it! A mix of lettuces, tomato, red onion. tabulli, roasted red peppers, pine nuts, golden raisins, and feta cheese topped with a very light lemon dressing made for an awesome dinner. As I looked around the restaurant I wondered how I could possibly make my way back to Pita Jungle before the move. Don't make the same mistake I did-get your ass to Pita Jungle stat! Your tummy will thank me later!
4	STELLAR Happy Hour Prices.......More $2.00 food options than I have ever seen!Martinis might have been $3.00? I forget....  But it wasn't crappy well liquor either!Tons of outdoor seating - but like most PHX restaurants - the views were of the parking lot - as well as Desert Ridge.Tons of indoor seating as well.  "Acoustics" not so great - but I dont see it intende to be a romance destination.
4	Great food, awesome chicken masala!! Love it all. One thing I don't get is why the girls who work there dress like they do!? Tight outfits and they all have that "i'm too good for you" attitude.Other than that, food is delish!
5	This has become a favorite location of some of my co-workers that are on a special boot-camp diet because they can tailer to their needs.  After planning an extended lunch one day, we headed out to eat, and I don't think we planned enough time.  They were packed, wall to wall.  They were polite and worked quickly to get us a table and the service was really impressive.  To be honest, when I walked in the door, I thought I might be in Scottsdale, lots of people looking like they were trying to impress others, including some of the staff, but they lacked the attitude that often is associated with Scottsdale.What was the most impressive was the service, that will rate them high in my book anytime, polite, quick, willing to work with us.  The food was fast and good, and extremely hot, temp wise.  They worked past my concerns of time and delivered an excellent meal in a rather challenging time for them.
5	Met up with a friend here for their happy hour menu where a lot of their stuff is just $2. The food was really good, I wish I knew about this place earlier. Ordered chicken, hummus, pizza, and mozzarella/tomato salad. Everything was really good and fresh. Will come back again!
3	A pita place with no lamb? The service was decent but the pitas were not that great. The humus tough was excellent!
4	I am a huge fan of their hummus!  The best anywhere!  However, I always have to ask for extra pitas...I always get the greek salad with chicken.  It's delicious!  And when they add the extra chicken, it's almost too much!  I guess I would rather there be too much chicken than not enough.Service here has always been good.  I like the inside of this Pita Jungle a lot more than the other locations.  This one is much nicer inside with a nice bar area too.
4	I have never had such amazing hummus in my life.End of story.
4	Hands down best Jalapeno hummus around; have them top it with their grilled seasoned chicken and some pita bread and a side salad you're set! They have an endless menu of amazing food, for every person. 'Nuff said.
1	I'm a jack vegan. Well, that's not fair. Most days I do it right. So everybody seems to think I'd love this place. LIke I SHOULD, for some reason, like it. I HATE IT SO MUCH. SO SO MUCH. There's nothing wrong with it unless you want your food to taste good. But if you're one of those morons who are into that, there's a little problem with Pita Jungle. Same with Schlotzky's. Everyone seems to like it. I have never had anything there that tastes good. But many wonderful people feel differently. I can't explain it but thank god for diversity in the universe.
3	So, I might have been slightly wrong about Pita Jungle. Because of the Butterfly Effect, right after the ink on my PJ review dried, my buddy's wife wanted their takeout and since I hadn't been for a while, I thought it was only fair to the Yelp gods that I check my assessment's veracity. My decision to get the jalapeno and cilantro hummus was heavily influenced by my spritual/culinary guide, Richard Z. He's usually right about two things: My neurotic behaviors that lead me to straight to crestfallonically laced internal disharmony and food. It was tasty, indeed. And spicy enough to make me smile. But here's why I'm bumping up the stars...Our server said the funniest shit:My friend asked: How's the tuna melt pizza?Awesome Server: It smells terrible.Friend: Like Farts?A.S.: Like vagina (answers phone)- Takes order. Puts phone down.Well, not like my vagina. Dallas and Friend:... (staring blankly)Three Stars!
1	Just arrived from Pita Jungle on 44th and Indian School. As I waited to give my order I had the feeling that I should be running for the hills. First off in a city where salutations are as commonplace as dust I don't think I even heard a faint hello from all four employees hanging out no more than 2 feet from the front door (2 of them were hostesses) - something told me Papa Bear was not here to mind the roost.As if the service wasn't already a telltale sign, I went ahead and ordered what I thought would be a semblance of a good pita sandwich. However, I should've known when the guy that brought over my bagged food handed it to me as if it were the remnants (read: crap) from his pooch in the bag. Sorry--grew up in NYC have been eating pitas, et. al since I was a wee one, This was awful. I purposely do not own a microwave to avoid the temptation of ever putting my bread in there, and here I was PAYING for chewy bread, awfully cooked chicken and bland sauce. Sorry Pita Jungle, but maybe a good heart to heart staff meeting may deem necessary--re-evaluate the customer and act accordingly---Hint: starts with "human"!
4	So maybe I'm easy to please.  4 stars for me.  I'll tell you why only 4 not 5 later.  The food was great.  Huge serving sizes, which I'm a big fan of, I have to feel I'm getting my money's worth.  Also, it was delicious, everything was very fresh and it was served with great speed.  THe people that work there were super chill which is cool for me.  The layout of the place was clean and clever.  I like the bar on one side with sports playing in the background, and then the dining area with the huge mirror on the other side, very cool design.  I haven't been on the patio yet since it's wicked hot outside right now but they have misters and unbrellas to shield you from the blazing heat, it's really neat.So onto the reason they got a 4 from me.  They need to figure out their greeting.  Both times I've walked in there I didn't know you were supposed to wait to be seated because there is no sign, and they don't have anybody stationed at the front.  So, I just walked right in, never greeted, and never helped til the bartender finally saw me across the room not being helped and graciously came to serve me.  Thank you!  If they could just figure their greeting out they would get a 5 star from me.
5	I love this place..something for everyone. For Garlic Lovers - the garlic dip will NOT disappoint. You will ward off all vamps guaranteed. Philly cheesesteak/chicken lovers...unforgettable. Lemon chicken salad amazing (HUGE grilled  chicken strips), tuna pizza..odd maybe..but delicious all the same. Need I go on? .the only thing i didn't care for was the veggie burger oddly enough. For an exceptional veggie burger I would steer you towards Four Peaks Brewery. But other than that they are spot on everytime all the time. Can't go wrong!
1	Alright, just to set the record, I gave this place 5 chances to make me not do this, and everytime that I went, I was dissapointed.  I wasn't even dissapointed by the same thing evertime I went either.  It was always something different.1st visit: I walked in, and then was ignored by the "hostess" while she was on her cell phone on a "personal" call.  The server brought me the wrong drink (lemonade, not ice tea?! -.- seriously...)  Even after I asked for the right drink, it never came, so I gave up.  The philly steak pita is not so great.  Very bland.  Service was just jacked up.2nd visit: Didn't get service until 23 minutes after being sat.  Trust me, I timed it.  Server didn't even apologize or even point out that we had been sitting there for quite some time.  Plus, it wasn't busy.  After the food was ordered, I never saw my server until the bill.  Brought us the wrong bill...so we had to wait another 15 minutes before we could pay...and then another 15 minutes till we got the right bill.  ARGH!!3rd visit: Ordered the salmon salad, got the salmon entree instead.  Told the server, and the server stood in front of me and argued with me about what I had ordered.  Pretty much said to my face that I was lying.  No tip, FTW!4th visit: Sat and watched my server (while our drinks were empty) stand behind the bar and chat it up with a couple of coworkers, while our food was dying in the kitchen window (you can see where the servers pick up the food from the kitchen from where you are sitting)  Estimated time in the window...14 minutes.  WHOOOO!! -.-5th Visit: This time I decided to skip the service and do a to-go.  So I call ahead...get there 15 minutes later...go up to the bar, and tell the lady..."I'm here to pick up a to-go order under the name of Rebecca."  She looks at me dumb founded and then quickly goes to her computer and says "Oh right, what did you want again?"  Starts putting in my order as I'm standing there.  (Now what was the point in calling ahead?) Then I ask her, "are you putting in my order right now?" she says, "Uh It's okay, It'll only take like 10 minutes." -.- yeah mmhmm...I watched my food sit in the window of the kitchen...for about 10 minutes.  Then some other server packed it up and put it behind the bar, and watched it sit there for another 15 minutes.  I didn't get my food until some old guy at the bar pointed out to the bartender that I had been waiting for quite sometime for my food.  So all in all, I waited for almost an hour to get my food.  With no apology from the dumb bartender.So! My final statement here! If you have good luck, by all means run over to pita, and maybe you'll have a good experience, but as for me, you won't see me there ever again =]oh btw, I had both the salmon salad and the salmon entree and both are pretty good, only if you're crazy craving salmon =]  good portion and pretty good sides that come with the entree.
5	Woah! What the f*&^ happened to Pita Jungle?! When I first hit this new location I was worried, something is going to happen, and it's not going to be good. Service down the drain? Higher food prices? Different menu? So far so good, although the decor has changed and the clientele is slightly different from other locations. You don't get that hippie, earthy, organic vibe at this new location. The decor is modern, they have a bar, it has high ceilings and lots of dining space - all these things are different from pretty much every other PJ location. I like it and I hate it at the same time, partly because lunchtime at this location its full of wannabe Scottsdale mommies "eating healthy" and drinking at noon(nothing again drinking at noon). It's really about the food though and that has not changed.You still get large portions for a great price, the menu is the same. Service is quick, not that same hippiesque, brotherly friendly service at other locations but it's still not bad.The Jalapeno-Cilantro hummus is still the best. The 1000 bean pita is huge and for less then $7 - you can't beat that. The hot veggie pita is great and on my last trip I had the macro platter which was excellent. I hit this location because it is closer to my workplace now but I still like experiencing how PJ got started and hitting the original Tempe location or even the Shea/Scottsdale locale. The great thing is that all have consistently good food, portions and prices.
4	Been here a couple of times now and you know what..... Pretty good. Not a place to go for a "nice" dinner, but great for lunch. Four stars, for a lunch restaurant. I like their M.O., if you will. Clearly the ingredients are fresh and the menu is pretty good.  I have now had the provencal, the gyro, the chicken philly and the beef philly and all were good. I think the provencal may be a little out of the reach of the cooks here, but it was still tasty. The pita's were very good though. Big and full of meat, a very good value.I also find it interesting how every time I come to this restaurant for lunch, it is loaded to the gills with hot chicks.... Normally, that is not something I would mention, but it is so pronounced, it seems to be noteworthy...
4	a coupon for free hummus enticed me and two of my colleagues to stop by on thursday. have i mentioned i love a coupon? we were sat near a party of about 12 police officers - 4 phoenix PD, 8-ish highway patrol officers. they must love the place. i know i did. my chicken del sol was flavorful, with big chunks of chicken, tomato and other yummyness. the cheesy pita bread served with it was delish, but i could only have one slice ... i'm doing the low carb thing. the (free with coupon) hummus trio was yummy and not chunky. i hate chunky hummus. the place is super modern, looked really, really clean and the staff was friendly and efficient. good stuff all around.
4	This is the go-to place for me and and a few of my co-workers.  Why? Because it's somewhat healthy (one of my co-workers is vegetarian and they have a lot of vegan offerings) and we all love the food here.  Not everything is perfect, but the meat is always very well cooked and lean, they sometimes use too much garlic (but I like garlic) but the portions are healthy sized, and you don't have regret later for eating badly.  The gyros here are great btw.
3	Same menu as all the original (and only one true to my heart). Always start with the cilantro jalapeno hummus, add some sriracha and enjoy. I like their starters such as the fresh mozz and tomato dish, and on the cheap check out the pita crisp, its a cheesy mini-pizza/quesadilla circle of goodness. This PJ is def yuppie compared to Tempe but I guess everyone deserves cheapish delicious mediterranean food. The restaurant is huge with tons of seating, the servers are quick and refill drinks often. The manager might hire based on looks though...
5	I really like this Pita Jungle. I used to frequent the one on Apache while at ASU and to me, this place is 100 x cooler. I like the openness of the space, the decor and that it's usually full of a pretty cool crowd. Whether you go for a quick lunch, a long dinner with lots of friends or just to sit at the bar and watch a game it just works for me. I also do alot of take out from here and it is the fastest takeout around, usually just 10 minutes, which is how long it takes me to get there from work. One of my fav's is the Spicy Chicken Wrap- a gy-normous behemoth of a wrap with big tender chunks of chicken, beans, brown rice and big hunks of califlour, broccoli, squash, onions and tomatos. Its spicy and I love it, usually adding more siracha and ketchup or salsa. My new favorite is the Chicken Shwarma Lavosh wrap. It comes with a side salad and some kind of garlic sauce on it that is absolutely mouthwatering! The texture of the sauce reminds me of ricotta cheese! I could almost go for it right now, even though its 8am. My bf can't break away from the chicken philly gyro, and I must admit that last night I scrounged some melted swiss off of his takeout foil wrapper. Its that good! I really havent had anything bad here, even the pad thai special was good (and I doubted it would be). Oh and my favorite starter is the baba ghanoush, but the hummus is great too. I need to get my happy hour companions to give this place a shot, thats the only thing I havent tried yet, but Im sure it is marvelous!
2	I'm so surprised! I brought my ma, sis and her husband here for lunch on the 23rd because sis loved it last time she was in town. We opted to sit at the high top community table so we had one end all to ourselves. It all looked promising until we were approached by the bitchiest server I have ever run into there. She was snotty to my mother and acted bored as hell to have to wait on us. This isn't what I've become used to at PJ and I hope it was just a bad day and not a sign of things to come!
5	Back to 5 stars cuz I just love this place! And because I haven't seen the server with a corncob wedged tightly her nether regions the last two times I have been in. Holly, the bartenders (there are 2!) are both super nice and always friendly. One of them always calls me "hon", which reminds me of Arkansas and I love it!) Anyway- my new fav is the honey ahi salad on their specials menu. The seared ahi is sliced and tastes amazing with the strawberries, mangos and pineapples all covered in the tangy-sweet honey dressing! I can't get enough. I would only love it more if they added avocados. Maybe I will ask next time!
2	Now I realize Pita Jungle is a Phoenix-area institution, but seriously, it really isn't that good.  I just don't think there are many places here that serve good mediterranean style food for people to compare.  And on the flip side, people I know who love good pitas/shwarma avoid PJ like the plague.Considering my review won't dent their rating one bit amidst all of the "rave" reviews this place gets, I'm only going to highlight a few thoughts I have.Hummus isn't hard to make, and while theirs is good, it's not absolutely amazing.  Plus, the amount of tahini they put in it makes it very tasty.  But also really high in fat and calories, and unnecessary to put that much in.  Their pitas are borderline unacceptable.  Perhaps people eating here have never had good fresh pita, but theirs is dry, almost stale tasting, and cold.Their shwarma (chicken) is not shwarma.  It's just grilled chicken.  How is this shwarma? Because it's in a pita?  It is also completely absent of any flavor whatsoever.Don't get me wrong, I'm not expecting the most authentic mediterranean food.  But this is so far from the real thing they should strongly reconsider naming it "Pita-like Jungle".  Or Pita-esque.  Pseudo-pita?  The possibilities are endless.One of these days (maybe, but who knows until how long) a real mediterranean restaurant will open that serves real mediterranean food.  Until that happens though, I guess PJ will still be around jacking people for cash and laughing in the back room about it.
3	I had lunch at Pita Jungle with my mom yesterday. We were looking for something close, good and healthy and Pita Jungle met our criteria. I live around the corner and eat there often. I would not say this is the most authentic food on the planet, but the food is always fresh, affordable and AMPLE! My mom and I could have (and should have) split a pita and left there completely satisfied. She got the gyro and I had a chicken shwarma pita. Both were pretty good (although I prefer to go a mile down the road to Eden's Grill for the real deal, which I did later that night).The atmosphere at Pita Jungle is great. It's very open and the decor is contemporary, music is decent. The patrons seem to be healthy and happy, which adds positively to the ambiance. The service can be hit-or-miss, but overall everyone is friendly, just at times can be a bit slow. I recently went there for Happy Hour, which I liked and hated all at the same time. I enjoyed being able to sample several small plates, expanding my experience with the menu, but the portions were minute, which was really surprising/disappointing since everything I've ever had there is ridiculously over-sized.  While it was fun to taste some new things, it was a bad value and I likely won't return for another Happy Hour. Overall, it's convenient, has a nice atmosphere and is fresh and healthy. I think it's well above average, but again, when I have a craving for real middle eastern fare, I would just assume running a bit further down the road for some more authentic food.
4	I was expecting more of a fast food joint. But I was pleasantly surprised. I had the mahi mahi with pita chips and all though the food was well prepared , I think the fish could have been more fresh, it wasn't bad but I definitely had fresher fish around here.
4	Tonight was the first time I've experienced Happy Hour at Pita Jungle. A frequent diner at the North Scottsdale location, I often opt for the Philly Pita (with steak, if you please), which is a bit of deliciousocity for your taste buds. Tonight however was out of the norm as I opted for the Happy Hour menu. Throughout the night our table tried almost everything on the menu, a few of my faves included the mini version of hummus, the mushrooms sauteed in lemon, and the falafel nuggets of joy. The best part of this lil outing was the bill, which at around $2 to $3 per item led to an outrageously low bill. This is a great place for the 'on the budget in a recession' happy hour. Win for the Pita Jungle, even beyond the normal Philly Pita 'o' goodness.
5	This is the best Pita Jungle and it's not just because they have a full bar. The waitstaff seems to care more about your experience much more than the other valley locations.I recommend the Lentil Fetoosh Salad and the Lavosh Pizza (?--may have the name wrong, but it's not to be confused with the Lavosh Pita, which isn't nearly as good).Even the cheap House Margaritas are good.
4	I love stopping into Pita Jungle for their happy hour after work.  Its a great little bar with a fun atmosphere that fills up fast.  My only 2 complaints are how their food specials on happy hour are only til 5:30 (cuz so I'm frugal!) and how all the employees wear regular clothes, so I can never tell them apart from the customers.When I can get off early enough to make it in time, the portions for happy hour are perfect for a little eater like myself at $2-3 a pop.  Their hummus is by far my fav and I crave it for weeks after I go there!
2	I'm really surprised that so many people love this place, especially when there is better middle eastern food all over this town.First off, I didn't really know who worked here, and who didn't, and thought it was especially rude of the gangsta busboy to cut me off and flirt with our hostess while she was seating us. Classy. The decor is uninspired, and the service was decent. Our drinks were kept full, but I felt that our plates were thrown at us. Onto the food. We first started with the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus, which was a pretty decent hummus, not as spicy as I would have liked. It was smoothMy wife had the Spicy Black Bean Burger, and I had the Falafel Pita.Presentation was nothing special, the idea of putting my foil wrapped pita on a plate seemed ridiculous, it would have made better sense to put it in a basket, or just handed it to me. As for flavor, nothing was exciting, minus the pickles, which were crisp and sour. The falafel tasted like a mix, the pita was dry and incredibly flat, the tahini was non-existent, and the way my veggies were arranged showed the general lack of care/love of food in the kitchen.The black bean burger was much better, and is what earned the 2 stars in this review. The patty was flavorful, spicy, and great. The rest of the burger was uninspired. Vegetarian food can be absolutely amazing, and the rest of burger was a miss. She enjoyed the included blue corn chips, but I thought they were nothing special, the salsa was salty, and the potatoes were not spiced, burnt, and really had no place or reason to be included with the meal. I certainly won't be going back, but if I could purchase just those black bean burger patties, I would.
4	I am sooooo glad there is now a PJ much closer to my work! It is all of 7 minutes away. I had a reallllllllllly bad craving for some Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus so I called in an order to go and added a side order of lentils and rice. My total bill was $11. That's why its only get 4 stars. The prices seem to keep going up as each new location opens. Though, for that $11 I got a large order of the most tastiest hummus ever. AND the side order of lentils and rice is so ridiculously large that I have been eating it for 3 days now. I was expecting a cup sized amount, instead it looks to have been at least 4-5 cups worth! I've gone in to dine here a few times as well and haven't had any issues. Keep it up PJ!
4	This place puts on a great happy hour! the 2 dollar appetizers are fun to order and try new things with a group of people, everyone gets a taste and a great deal. Last month they had a 1.99 wine special going and the wine was tasty and satisfying. We get the best service while sitting at the bar. At the tables, not so much. On the regular menu, the salmon dinner is wonderful. Especially the spinach that goes with the salmon. Divine.  Very casual place, great after a little shopping at Desert Ridge or meeting up with friends making it freeway close after work. A little on the noisy side but for the great food and value, I'll take it and we'll continue to eat here.
4	Good food, good service, great atmosphere.  I would recommend this place.  They have options for vegans which is great.  I needed a place to take my vegan mother and this place was perfect.  They have a pretty good selection of meals.  The Beef Gyro was good and their Black Bean Burger was pretty delish too.  Love love loved the hummus (garlic-y) and their tea is super good too.Go here!
4	I have been dying to try Pita Jungle since I have had a handful of friends tell me how good/healthy this place was. Last night, I finally made a stop there for dinner. I had just finished my zumba class & was extremely tired/sweaty so I opted to take our meals to go.I looked over the menu a bit before giving my order to the sweet girl working the bar. I decided on: a large order of hummus with 2 extra pitas, spinach pasta salad, pita pizza & a small order of the garlic new potatoes. Their hummus is AMAZING!! Their pita bread is yummy & pretty big pieces. The spinach pasta salad was a lot more pasta than spinach but I liked it. The portion was HUGE, could easily feed me for 3 more lunches/dinners. The pita pizza was ok, very tiny! The garlic new potatoes were delish, I loved the seasonings. Overall, I really liked it here & would love to come back & actually sit down & eat there.The entire dining/bar area & outside patio was PACKED & it was only Monday night. Can't imgaine how busy it gets on a weekend!
4	Smoothest, creamiest hummus Ive had. All three flavors are great and paired with some whole wheat pitas and some marinated chicken= WIN.Fair prices and huge portions.
4	Lot's of reviews for Pita Jungle - and I would say that the 4 Star rating average is appropriate!  Food is good, atmosphere comfortable, service decent, price reasonable ... all good!  Lot's of healthy options with a Mediterranean flair, making an excellent option for a good meal out!  I've been back several times and  recommend it regularly.  Both visits I've had seafood (a seafood stew, and salmon), both times very happy with it - and the $1.99 margaritas (all summer long special!) are a great deal!
5	Pita Jungle=Great Success!Love coming here, I haven't done breakfast yet but it's still on the to do list.  Today I had lunch with the family and ooo we love to go here, healthy, fun and upbeat atmosphere. Started of with their amazing iced tea-great as an arnold palmer- :) and then snacked on some jalapeno/cilantro hummus with their fresh and delicious pita bread.  I ordered my usual...the broiled chicken salad.  SOOOO yummy, full of flavor and oh so freakin' good for you-I swear!!  My brother had the spicky chicken something-looked like a giant burrito you could eat for days and was a whopping $8.50 As for mom she had a pesto chicken pizza-smaller so it's perfect for one person to share, if there are two of you plan on an appetizer or salad to share.  Daddio had something a little whacky, I forget the name but it was on the appetizer part of the menu and is really healthy for us to eat.  They looked like green leafs filled with rice and other veggies served cold and covered in an EVOO.  so good and it was $54.68 for us to have lunch (plus tip) and our server was great as well.  MUST go if you haven't been, it can get busy but don't let that get in the way :)
4	i love this pita jungle. great staff, great food, great attention to detail. i love the modern feel. i love that my food always comes out right and that my server checks back a few times after we get our food to make sure all is still good. i love the concept of the community table (but i feel too awkward to actually eat there myself). i wish the waiting area wasn't so cramped. i wish i knew how to make hummus this good. i wish i could eat here every day.
5	Love PIta Jungle for lunch!  What an amazing menu they have, so much to choose from!  I love their gyros and beans!  I also love that they have smaller selections so you can share a few items or just order something small for a child!  It is a perfect place to meet someone for lunch, so delicious and the prices are very reasonable!
3	Okay, let me first say I love Pita Jungle. However, the most recent experience was about a C+/-. My friend and I went there to grab a quick lunch during the week, the place was pretty busy and we were informed that there would be about a 10 minute wait. Not a problem. So we went to sit in the booth towards the back of the restaurant. We were soon offered drinks while we waited, so we ordered a couple of iced teas. (A+ service there! So happy when waiting clients aren't overlooked!) So we waited for about 10 minutes and then were showed to our seats...then we waited...and waited...and waited. About 15 minutes later, the server came to take our order, we ordered an appetizer and two entrees....15 minutes goes by and my friend asks if they can also bring cucumbers for the appetizer when it comes out, server says 'No problem'...another 10 minutes goes by and finally our hummus comes out. No extra cucumbers, but by this point we are ready to gnaw off our fingers. With one scoop of hummus left on the saucer, the guy comes out with cucumbers, but my friend says disregard, as there is no longer anything to dip them in...then another 20 minutes goes by and the server comes up to the table to let us know our entrees will be out soon...then another 10 minutes...(for those paying attention, we have been at the restaurant for about an hour and 20 minutes or so) and finally our entrees come out. I ordered a gyro, she ordered the roasted veggie salad. Her salad was good, my gyro was cold. However, since I am more or less working with about 60 minutes for a lunch HOUR, there is no time to even mention it. No matter, the gyro was tasty (even though it wasn't warm). Two hours for a gyro and some hummus is a little extreme.
4	Awesome hummus.  The place is always a little busy but it's worth the wait.  The food is good and the prices are fair.  I highly suggest the chicken schawarma and any hummus.
4	I have never been let down, not at this location at least...The food is always very tasty and consistent.  I always sit at the bar and the service is awesome too!
4	I really like Pita Jungle.   One of my favorite dishes here is the Lentil Fatoosh Salad.  I love the combo of the lentils on top of the lettuce, w/ the fried onions and veggies.  The lemony dressing is really great too.  I have to say though, every time I come, it seems to be made a bit differently.  Sometimes there's not enough lettuce, sometimes too many onions.  I find that the consistency of pretty much all their dishes changes a lot.  Prices are fair and the portions are unnecessarily gigantic.
5	Love it, love it, love it! I have been eating at various Pita Jungles around the Valley since I moved to AZ over 6 years ago and I have yet to have anything that I didn't love. My favorites include the Black Bean Burger, Lentil Fetoosh Salad, all three hummus types, dolmas, and gazpacho, but everything is delicious, so you really can't go wrong! The Tempe location also has breakfast, which is amazing! Each location is fairly small, so luch and dinner may require a short wait, but its worth it. The prices are fair and the portions are huge! Don't be afraid to split a dish with a loved one.
4	Freeeeeeezing indoors.So I sat outdoors.It was 100+ degrees outside .It was comfortably cool with the parasols and misters and fans.The only annoyance sitting outside was the huge disgusting fly that kept charging at my food and landing on it. :(Sigh. You need to hire a professional fly swatter if you're gonna sit outdoors.I would want my food too if I were a fly. Its so yummy!Very fresh pita and hummus. Food comes out warm.Excellent harmony of taste w/ the fresh cut tomato, hummus, and pita.I thought the grape in hummus looked tasty so I consumed it whole... only to find out that it was an olive! (it had a huge seed in the middle, followed by an extremely olive-y taste)I got the southwest style chicken on pita seasoned with cheese.It was really good. Chicken was a little bit dry but the seasoning was done well.I liked the taste and texture of tomato, beans, corn, and seasoning that gave this dish its unique flavor.I ended up having 2 and half meals out of this one dish.(but then again, I'm a size 00p if that tells you anything)Would totally go here again.Its a classy place with friendly service. I would recommend it.
5	I'm visiting AZ so I was able to try this joint. I love mediterranean food. The service was good, nice atmosphere but most importantly the food is delicious and prices are very reasonable.
1	Other than the really great happy hour prices, its hit or miss with this place. More often a miss. :(The food is less than average, the drinks NOT strong ( at least they are inexpensive) , but the service is truly hit or miss.I'll pass.
4	Have been to Pita Jungle twice before. Feel the wait staff do a good job. Always friendly and good service. Best hummus in town. For s dollar more get the bigger plate of hummus but ask for extra pitas (39 cents each) and some extra cucumbers and tomatoes (99 cents). Not a fancy place but certainly someplace you want to try out.
5	I love this place. Their cilantro hummus and Chicken Tikka Masala are the best!!!
5	Went out after work with a couple of friends and we decided to meet up at Pita Jungle. This was my first time at this place and I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The food was delicious, I ordered a chicken pita and the drinks were also very good in price. My overall experience was great.
4	Seems more like a bar & restaurant rather than a quick stop for a bite. I was surprised when I walked in. The first thing I saw was the bar which were occupied by rather well dressed good looking people. Bar has 4 flat screen tv's playing sports and nicely stocked with various liquors, wine and beer. They also have a cheap happy hour menu. Food is also reasonably priced with a good portion. Had a great meal and would definitely go back. I'm still pleasantly surprised at how nice it is inside. Enjoy!!!
4	I love going to this place, has a good vibe and food is always good. They have the best hummus and i love there ahi tuna..it is a must go
3	I come to this branch because it is closer to my home.  The place is nice, however it lacks something.  Maybe it is because it feels just cold.  The food is nowhere near the one on Shea & Scottsdale Rd.  Sometimes I have no choice but to come here if my doctor is running late.
5	Super delicious!  The hummus trio w/grilled chicken is amazing.  You could actually have it as a main course with some cucumber slices!The chicken curry salad that they often have as a special is fantastic.The falafel platter is excellent.Their kids meals are well-rounded and tasty...and they provide plenty of crayons for their kids' placemats which have lots of activities to help pass the time before the food arrives.This place is so good.  Healthy and delicious.  Go.
3	There's a pita Jungle by my office in Mesa on Southern that is better, I'd say, as is the one on 40th str and Indian School. I always get a trio of hummus, usually roasted red pepper, cilantro jalapeno, and garlic dip (sometimes baba ganoush).Their garlic dip at the Desert Ridge location is a little less garlicky than it should be and the cilantro jalapeno hummus isn't spicy at all (I've found the Ray Rd location has the spiciest!)I had the tropical tuna salad, and the dressing was delish! Tuna was cooked well ("seared" as they say). The bf had the black bean burger, which he loved, though I thought the burger itself was a bit wet, in a water-y, not a sauce-y kind of way...The roasted Red pepper hummus was very good though, better than I remember.The margarita was not half bad, and only $1.99, (also house wines, and draft beers) which I don't remember their drinks being that cheap.Fortunately, I'm not at DR very often.
5	Love me sme Greek! And pita jungle takes care of you. Their Greek salad is huge and it has the perfect amour of dressing an their pitas are warm and tasty. Tge wait staff is young and they have good rapport. It is nice to see them in street clothes, it makes it so it isn't stuffy. Pita Jungle is a great place for lich or dinner and e prepared because they get really busy!
3	Hit or miss.  My gyro was really good although I had to seriously hunt for the tzsiki sauce but my guest's pasta & grilled chicken salad, although large, fresh and good looking had absolutely no flavor. Maybe they forgot to put the dressing on the pasta??
3	I've been to other Pita Jungle locations before and have enjoyed both my food and the service. Today, my food was again great, but the service was absolutely awful. My friend and I had a limited amount of time. We weren't in a crazy rush, but we were hoping to be finished in less than an hour. We were seated outside and then waited 15 minutes for any service (note: it was not busy). The only reason we received service at that time was because my friend GOT UP AND ASKED someone to come to our table. The waiter who took our drink order was not our actual waiter (as we found out later). Our actual waiter showed up after another ten minutes to take our order.  It took an additional 30 minutes to get our food to us - we ordered the tapas Hummus Trio and Dolmades. (Really? Did it require 30 minutes? Oh well.) Once the food made it to our table, it tasted delicious.At one point, our waiter (one of the three times he actually came to our table) asked us if we were in a hurry, and then, why we were in such a hurry. A) that's none of your business and B) we wanted to be in-and-out in an hour - that's not asking for much!In all, it took us an hour and fifteen minutes to eat two tapas appetizers, and it was all due to the poor wait service we experienced.I hate to just rant about our poor service, but it was just terrible! Especially when I know that Pita Jungle is capable of soooo much better! I'm going to avoid this location from now on.
5	possibly the best vegetarian friendly restaurant in phoenix.  love the pita crisp.  pretty good beer on tap,  and lots of menu choices.  we usually sit at the bar where they have several HD tv's and a full liquor selection.  great atmosphere too.  i've been to 2 other pita jungle locations and like this one the best.
4	You've got to try their bell peper hummus!!!  I get it to go about once a week. Also if you're on a budget, get a chicken wrap from their kids menu. Pleanty of food (comes with grilled veggies and a drink) for only 5 bucks!
4	Same food as the other Pita Jungle that I thrashed for being a haven for obnoxious douchebag (and douchebag-uette) servers (and hostesses ad managers) EXCEPT, at this location, it's like they were actually happy to see us!  Coincidentally, the two locations are equidistant from my house, so there's no doubt which one I'll be going to from now on.  Wish I had known about this location sooner - oh well, one day I will learn to use teh internetz.
2	Only Two Stars -- simply because this location doens't live up to any of the other Pita Jungle locations we've visited.The food is okay but the service is lacking.Compared to the other PJ locations, the portions are smaller and the food is bland.
3	I've been to this Pita Jungle MANY times. In fact, every weekend I go here for one thing, and one thing only... the berry iced tea mixed with lemonade. If I could rate Pita Jungle solely on that I would give them a 5+++ stars, however I cannot, but you should definitely try one-it will rock your world. Here's the thing... what I usually get to eat here, I do like, but I can never get anything different because the menu just doesn't appeal to me. The items are just not quite what I am ever looking for, ever. I will say that their roasted red pepper hummus and grilled chicken are great. I also have enjoyed the spinach quesadilla and taziki, but other than that I find the food and service to be mediocre. That being said, I do frequent here often for a healthy meal and to support a local business over the many chain restaurants in this area. And...That's all I have to say about that.
5	The food at this Pita Jungle is as fantastic as any of the others. But there's a big difference between this one and others I've visited. The atmosphere. Most Pita Jungles tend to have a more bohemian look. Very artsy, but not very chic. The Desert Ridge Pita Jungle instead goes for a very contemporary look. As my girlfriend puts it, this is the "yuppy" Pita Jungle. There's a bar with big screens above it playing sports in HD. The lights and decorations all look like they are at a chic new hot spot. But the food is just as wonderful, and gets to your table just as quickly as all the others.  And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that!
4	I had the hummus sampler and the glazed chicken pizza. I split it with another person and it was delicious. The atmosphere was good, we ate at the bar and the place was fairly busy at lunchtime. I'll go back again.
5	Sara (bartender) is the hottest chick in the world!!
5	Best happy hour in the area.  Wish the Desert Ridge location would lighten up on the staff and let them be-the vibe in Tempe is much more mellow.  Things to try:  Black Bean Burger and the Spinach pasta salad-must add chicken.  We always customize our app, by getting 1/2 red pepper hummus (ridiculously delish) and 1/2 tzaziki with a side of cucumbers.  This one is VERY kid-friendly and has the best service around.  We go once a week!
5	I've eaten at this location several times and always had a great experience.  The servers are prompt and friendly, food is always great (and served at the correct temperatures) and the restaurant is clean.  I recently used them to cater a small party at my house and was very impressed.  The food was great and they packaged everything to make it easier for me to re-platter.  The serving sizes were generous and everything tasted amazing.  Will definitely use their catering services again.
4	This was my first visit to this location.  It has a great contemporary look.  The bar area is good sized and a great place to eat.  All the servers were very nice and very attractive!My chicken tikka masala was delicious and I'll definitely be back!
4	I always order the hummus sampler, which comes with of course traditional hummus, roasted bell pepper hummus and cilantro jalapeno hummus,  extra pita bread and a side order of cucumbers.I love their curry chicken salad with extra caramelized onions.  I order the same thing every time that I haven't had a chance to try anything else.  More reason to return.  :)  It sounds like a a lot of food and I usually share this between 2 people easily.  It's a satisfying amount without feeling stuffed.My only complaint is that the staff should have a dress code.  I understand it is very casual, however, I don't care to see the person taking my order with a backless shirt or extremely short shorts.   The staff has always been very nice and helpful but for the dress code alone I can only provide 4 stars.
4	We always enjoy a good lunch at any Pita Jungle.
5	I had not realized that my new friend was vegetarian, so I had to scramble to find a good place to bring a vegetarian.  Yelp to the rescue!Pita Jungle was a great choice. Hummus sampler was totally tasty, but you really do need extra pitas. Our waitress, Dominica, was great. Upbeat and attentive without being invasive, her smile made us feel welcome. We were slow to choose from the menu, being first timers and being as interested in chatting as we were in eating, but Dominica was patient with us, and was quick to point out popular options and personal favorites. My glass never really went empty (yay) and the black tea with juuuust a splash of lemonade was perfect.My dining companion had the black bean burger which was tasty, but didn't hold together very well and smooshed over the sides of the bun, making it messier than it originally appeared.  I had the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap which I read good things about, and it didn't disappoint. Boxes were necessary for leftovers, but were brought quickly for us.Great experience and I plan on going back for more! Thanks Dominica!
5	So happy to see them expand in the Valley. Stopped in for late evening meal. Tried one of the specials...Chicken Curry Salad. Great flavors. Nothing over powering. Beer was only $2 or something ridiculously cheap.
5	The food is always fresh, tasty, and quick. The scenery never disappoints!!
2	Horrible service! My wife and I got the same thing (beef gyro) and her's came out 20 minutes before mine. I ended up having to get mine to go because my 2 year old was at his sitting-still limit and they didn't even offer an apology.  Also, we were never asked if we wanted a second drink.
5	Eating healthy is not exactly the most fun thing to do, UNLESS you go to Pita Jungle!  The desert ridge location has a great patio, a great bar and is always busy!!  The menu is incredible!  The chicken and hummus on the "starter" menu is sooo good!  This weekend we tried the Mediterranean chicken salad and the black bean burger.  Being a meat and potatoes girl, I was a bit skeptical.  The meal was flavorful and filling!  We get take out there all the time too!  If you are looking for a great meal, and a great patio, look to Pita Jungle at Desert ridge!  Yum! Yum!
4	I HEART Pita Jungle so so much! Happy Hour is great! Hummus with chicken is fab! Chicken Shawarma is great- flavorful and filling! I've never had a bad meal here!!
5	Nothing more to ask for when you want a delicious, healthy meal; upbeat ambiance and great service.Their menu has many vegetarian options including the falafel wrap, veg sandwiches/burgers, superb grilled veg. salad and the must have Hummus trio!Nevertheless, the shawrma chicken wrap, chicken salad, fish (LOVE the wood fired mahi mahi) and other meat items are delicious as well! The spicy chicken wrap is big and good for sharing.On a pleasant weather evening or brunch time, their patio seating is great. Also love the happy hour and reverse happy hour after 9 pm with $2 yummy margaritas!!Like I said, nothing more to ask for when you get just everything at one place. Thanks Pita jungle for your awesome service and tasty food!!
4	Excellent all around! Salads are delicious and huge. I recommend a platter for sharing because you get to try all of the spreads (hummus, etc) for like $10. We shared it between 5 hungry people and barely finished it!I had the mediterranean chicken salad which was delicious and giant. Everything is fresh and colorful, and I wish we had something like this in NY!
5	Oh, Pita Jungle!  Dining in or carry out, I have never been dissatisfied!  It is so wonderful to find a quick, inexpensive, healthy meal, especially when pressed for time and needing to call in an order to be picked up.  The chicken Philly pita with a side of tzaziki rocks my world!
3	I'm a huge fan of Greek food. I love me some hummus and Pita Jungle has good food but I feel for the price the quantity just doesn't match up. Giving us two pita's (which costs pennies) for a full tray of dips just comes off real stingy. They do have good food, though.
4	"Quantity without compromising on Quality"Pros:Large portionsYummy food... I have been there a couple of times and was never let downGreat varietyGood Tapas especially if u end up in the Happy HourReasonably pricedCons:As someone else mentioned -Beer selection on tapNot really a con but personally i feel that the food ain't really zesty a la authentic meditarranean food... They could atleast provide a sumac in a pepper shaker as they do at the Zaytoon Kabab bistro
4	Be honest.How many times a day do you check yourself out in the mirror? A bunch?I know, me too.Sort of. Well...not really, but I do look for my reflection a lot In all sorts of things. Like the toaster. Or my computer screen when it's black, and almost always my car...its windows as I'm getting in, and the rear view while when I'm driving.Well if you like checking yourself out too, a lot, have I got a hot tip for you!Pita Jungle.The food here is great. Let's see, you need to order something...yeah, just get the cilantro-jalapeno hummus for an appy, and the lavosh pizza with chicken as your entree. There, now that that's out of the way, check out that mirror on the north wall spanning the entire room. Glorious isn't it.And there you are. Is this not the shit???You, in all your glory, sitting there facing the mirror and talking to your bottle of Coors light as anyone who tries to furtively check-out your backside is busted by your mirror glancing skills.You'll delight when your order arrives, as you can now watch yourself eat, drink, and steal wayward glances at all the weird people in this place who ARE NOT looking in the mirror at themselves.I also recommend the Coors light.Not too hoppy or bitter with just the right amount of alcohol. They serve it in a brown bottle with a cute blue label indicating it's cold.  Just precious.
5	Awesome place.  Food is great as well as prices.  Sunday night is half price wine night too !!!  Outdoor patio rocks!
5	Mouth. Watering. That is what happens every time I come to PJ. I love everything on the menu. Well, everything I've had, anyway, Which is a lot. Let's see...the chicken shawarma, beef gyro, hummus and grilled chicken, lavosh pizza, dolmades, chicken pasta salad, pesto lavosh turkey wrap...yeah. Its all good. I could eat a bucket of their hummus every day. My company caters from them a lot and it is everyone's favorite place that we order from. If I could burrow myself into a beef gyro and sleep there, I probably would.
4	Came here once after a grad school interview and the food was excellent! Same can be said about the service. Their happy hours are awesomely cheap with $2 margaritas, and $2-3 snacks like hummus and pita, stuffed grape leaves, etc. Being a so-cal resident, I am definitely not used to these prices!I got the philly cheese steak pita, bf got the gyro, and our friend got the steak on a bed of hummus dish (can't remember what it was called but he really liked it). Everything tasted great and they have a large menu to choose from. I was really digging the vibe of this place, had a lot of energy and diverse crowd (students, families, businessmen) and waitresses were nice. It gets packed fast though, sounds like there is a wait most nights. If you're ever in the area, check this place out!
3	I love Pita Jungle and am very loyal but this is not the location for me. Too busy and no matter how hard they tried , there were too many people to allow for quality customer service. Food was excellent as always!
2	I like the ambiance of Pita Jungle.  It's a nice casual restaurant with faux healthy food.Usually I eat their grilled chicken and humus.  Get it with the cucumber, tomato and a combination of their three humus.  Pretty tasty humus.  Today I tried the Kafta pizza.  It looked interesting - spicy beef, jalapeno, tomato, onions, pine nuts.  I should have stayed with the chicken and humus.  The Kafta pizza was a greasy mess with non-spicy beef and the jalapeno were nowhere to be found.
4	Story of a Wood Fired ChickenOnce upon a warm, sunny March day, two ravenous monkeys entered the Jungle of Pita. The two monkeys were under the impression that this jungle only offered pita dishes, a notion that was quickly proved to be a myth as each monkey ordered a wrap of sorts. As the two monkeys regretfully chowed down on their mediocre wraps, each caught a glimpse of a most uplifting . . . chicken. Yes, a chicken. A wonderfully massive Wood Fired Chicken, mounted upon a bed of mashed potatoes, floating by to another monkey's tree. Mouths sputtering water, the monkeys finished their meal and agreed to help themselves to this attractive chicken next time.Once upon another warm, sunny March day, the same two ravenous monkeys entered the Jungle of Pita and each ordered a fine-looking Wood Fired Chicken. Anticipation knocked on their trees as they waited. Finally, the stunning chicken arrived. The monkeys ravaged each bite of their outstanding meal, which contained a blend of seasoned spinach, mashed potatoes, and juicy chicken - all soaked in a citrusy tomato sauce. Oh glorious day, that day they reveled in the glorious Wood Fired Chicken. Even though the portion was huge, each monkey licked their plate clean and swore they would return again for the Wood Fired Chicken, because that's where it's at in the Jungle of Pita.
4	We ordered takeout from here and was pleasantly surprised by the quality. Even though it was a little steep for a broiled chicken salad (around $10) that had nothing more than chicken, onions, tomatoes and lettuce (and dressing of course), it was satisfying and more importantly kept me on my diet. I also tried a bit of the pita with the chicken and hummus dip. The hummus was excellent but for a place called pita jungle I really was hoping for fresh made pita, not the stuff that looked like they pulled off the shelf from a grocery store and heated up til overly chewy. Not terrible, but not great when I know how good pita and hummus can be. The highlight of the meal was definitely the chicken. It was perfectly seasoned and grilled so that it had a nice crust yet was still moist and juicy. The onions on the salad were surprisingly mild, almost like they had been pickled to remove the rawness that red onions have. That really made the salad for me. I would definitely eat here again occasionally but not too often considering the prices.
5	Welcome to the Pita Jungle we got hummus and drinks -We got everything on the menu that you want, pita we know the namesWe are the restaurants that you find, whatever you may eatIf you got the money, honey we are here to please (your palates!)I likes me some Sirloin and Hummus please!  Love to come here for lunch.  It's a tad bit on the heavy side, but I didn't tell anyone to eat the entire meal!  I always eat about 50% of the hummus.  Stuffing my face any more and I would be a glutton and I'm anything but.  Their wraps are excellent, but again take it easy cowboy.  If you can't or don't want to finish it all take home for a 2nd meal.  I recommend the Sirloin and Hummus for lunch for sure, but their variety of Pita sandwiches are just as good.  They salads are huge, but definitely worth it and on the healthier side too.The service here is always tops, and hots, wink wink! :)  Overall, I like the ambience of this particular Pita Jungle.  Very modern and sleek with an industrial look.  I totally recommend a stop by if you're ever on the North side of town! - Enjoy!
5	I've been to this Pita Jungle a few times, about 3-4 and ordered carry-out once. Every single time my experience was great. Great service, great food, and great atmosphere. I've ate at the patio once during a rare cold winter night, and the waiter, without us even asking, put a heater right next to us. It was really nice and kept us warm while we ate our food. At times it gets busy, but the wait has never been too long and annoying. This place is great, and compared to other Pita Jungle's I've been to (the one on Shea, Tempe, and Downtown Phoenix) this Pita Jungle has to be the best. The ambiance is nice, and the decor is very welcoming. A big open room for the dinning space works well.
3	Hummus trio is awesome.  The servers have been slow in the past, and don't come back often enough to make sure you don't need anything else.  I love the openness of this location.  Their grilled chicken with garlic sauce pita/lavoshes, are so good.
4	Having gone to ASU and been to the original Pita Jungle location, I was very excited to see Pita Jungle down the street from our new house.  I've been here several times to eat in and take out and the food is consistently the same as the one in Tempe.  My favs - Cilantro and Jalapeno Hummus with Chicken, Chicken Shwarma, Garlic Potatoes, and taboule.  I do have to say that this location is always really busy and it can get very loud in there.  If you're not in the mood to deal with crowds, order takeout...the food is the same.
5	Awesome food at a fair price. Great environment. Hummus is the best. Excellent service, except too many tattoos!Highly recommend.
3	It was around 4 pm when I walked in for a to-go order. I ordered the hummus with grilled chicken under the appetizer section. I didn't have to wait long for my order to arrive, probably 5-10 minutes at the most.The decor was very airy it was very well lit.I agree with fellow yelpers that their hummus was smooth and flavorful. Actually, it is probably the best hummus I've had in a while.  There was a sliver of cucumber, a small wedge of tomato and one olive on top of the hummus. Then there was a fairly generous portion of grilled chicken and pine nuts sprinkled on top as well.However, I was extremely disappointed with the chopped grilled marinated chicken. The chicken pieces were definitely over cooked and dried. If I was eating at the restaurant, I would've definitely made a comment to the wait staff. The chicken also had a tangy marinate to it which was too tangy for my liking. It felt like there was an extra squeeze of lemon juice that I thought they could do without. This was a bummer since their hummus is indeed very good and if it was cooked properly with juicy pieces of chicken then this place would have gotten a 4 stars at least.The two pitas that they give you are a lot larger than the normal pita breads you get at the store so there is plenty to share.If I'm in the area again craving Mediterranean food, I'll probably give this place a try again and order something that doesn't have their grilled chicken.
5	Beyond impressed with the manager that was so generous and helpful. I had placed an order over the phone which was not ready when I arrived nor could they find my order. The manager offered me a complimentary glass of wine while I waited and then gave me my meal free because it was a pretty busy evening! I was shocked and thrilled with the service I always get when I go to this location :) as always my favorite is the hummus trio with chicken!
5	I am definitely going back to PJ!  I ran in to pick up take out for two, and immediately wished we had decided to dine in.  It's spacious and welcoming, but so far back off the main street you have to be looking for it to find it.My wife had the ahi tuna salad which was light, very tasty and fully satisfying.  I had the spicy chicken wrap.  Rather, I had a third of it and am saving the rest of the ample portion for lunch!Based on other Yelpers, I have to try the hummus.  Next time for sure...
4	Love PJ!  I had the Philly Chicken Pita Wrap, and loved it.
5	Everytime I visit Pita Jungle I am always surprised at the quality of the food.  I love the hummus, rice, and really everything on the menu!  The only negative thing I could ever say is that it is very loud at lunchtime.  A suggestion would be to have individual water pitchers at each table-and throw some cucumbers in the water~:)
1	Excellent service. Horrible food. The falafel, lavash pizza, Greek salad were just not good, the humus was just ok - this is a chain and a bad representation of Mediterranean food (not authentic in any way, except menu)! would not recommend or come here again. The plus is the service, our server was excellent.
5	Tasty food, best hummus ever, great service, modern deco (but a bit loud of an atmosphere) and great value! Hubby and I ordered:Steak and hummus trio (u can pick any three off the menu) - I really like the plain hummus (had a yummy smokey flavor) and roasted bell pepper. Kafta pizza - thin crust and generous w the meat toppingShawarma pita - most popularly ordered item. Juicy chicken breast!Bill came out to $28 and we had leftovers due to the large portions!
4	I love Babaganoush, and it's been hard to find  some that is traditional, smoky and not overly seasoned. And now, with Pita Jungle,  I have a place to satisfy my cravings fairly close to home! I can't believe in all the years we've lived here, I haven't been to a single Pita Jungle. I actually thought it was more of a fast food place, order at the counter, rush, rush, rush.  I have never been so happy to be so wrong!Honestly, everything we had for lunch was fantastic! Hubby had an ahi salad which was sublime with the ahi seared to perfection. I had the hummus and ahi. Simply divine.  I would never have put the two items together, but it worked for me -- two of my favorite foods on one plate. I agree with all the reviewers about the hummus here -- probably the creamiest I have ever had with a delightful flavor that I could pair with anything now.I wanted some baba but didn't want to order an entire appetizer size, so our very helpful server brought out a side dish of it . . . yum! Had we not been heading to Costco for some groceries, I would have taken some to go!The seating options are many - dine inside at a table, banquet or communal high top, or dine al fresco. You couldn't miss sitting in any of those locations, although, if you want a little more quiet, I'd recommend sitting on the patio. Service was great and you could see that the managers were watching with a close eye.There will be many meals, both eat in and takeout, in our future with Pita Jungle.
4	I tried this place today for the first time through Yelp since I was craving hummus. I typed in hummus and first result was Pita Jungle. I tend to like Greek food so I ventured over and enjoyed a very pleasant lunch.The atmosphere is super causal but stil a restaurant with a hostess and server. The prices don't reflect the atmosphere, it easily could $3-$4 more expensive. Food is great. I ordered the beef and lamb gyro with mixed greens, onions, and that tzatziki sauce...ahh nom nom. The hummus like others have said is the best I have had. Love that  I found a new lunch/dinner place. Thanks Yelp!
3	Nice place and good food. This specific location is nice because they have a large patio that is kept cool in the summer with the help of misters and it's shaded from the hot afternoon sun. The wait staff here is friendly and efficient as well and I've never had any problems with orders. I hear they have some great drink specials too.
4	Lots of healthy choices and it's all good. I usually get a hot pita, either chicken or gyros and also yummy hummus!!I went with friends one day  and they both ordered salads that looked AMAZING. Chicken curry and a lentil salad. They said they loved it, and the salads were huge, definitely big enough to share.For those interested, there's also a bar! It's a little more of an upscale but relaxing atmosphere, and it's early bird special prices! Can't go wrong there whether you're on a budget or not.If you need a greasy fix, this isn't the place for you. But if you want a casual lunch, go to Pita Jungle!Haven't had a complaint about the service either.One note- I forget about this location sometimes because it's a little hidden on the opposite side of the street from Desert Ridge. It is back there though! (West side of Tatum, just north of the 101. )
4	Love their happy hour cuz you can try bits and bobs of their offerings.  The hummus trio, chicken, scallops, marianated mushrooms are all delish.  Want more?  Their wraps are tasty.  Great stuff when you're looking for a different taste.
5	Love their chicken pita!
2	Pita Jungle is generally kid-friendly and we've come here a lot for that reason.  I don't know if I'm just getting burned out on the place, but it really doesn't seem to hold up in comparison to the Tempe location.Generally the staff is pretty inattentive.  We are often left without water, or milk and they forget to bring things to the table.The kids meal here gives surprisingly small portions compared to other locations.  It is common to see 4 or 5 little quarter-sized slices of carrot on the plate.  We pretty much need to order more veggies every time, which takes forever and they charge us for it.I love Pita Jungle, but this location.... not as much.
4	Service has gotten better this past year. The Broiled Chicken Pita is the best!
3	Love the food here but service is really lacking. Waited 10min to pay for my takeout order because the bar waitress (who handles the take out orders) was working (very hard) to fill drink orders, answer the phone, and help customers at the bar, all while multiple service staffers and what appeared to be management stood around chatting (the restaurant was 1/4 full at the time). Unacceptable.
2	I am a Pita Jungle lover - so it is with a bit of frustration that I write this review.  I have wanted to try their Happy Hour tapas for years now.  I always stare at the $2 and $3 menu thinking a lot of things I love are on there and it would be great to get a meal of a ton of small plates.  So, I finally made it yesterday and what a disappointment.  I ordered the Lemon chicken and hummus (best two things), olives, feta, mussels, dolmades and falafel.  My first major problem with this visit was the amount of time it took to order everything.  I ordered in 3 rounds and it took a full 15-20 mins to get 2-3 tapas in each case.  That's a bit too long for the tapas I ordered.  Nothing should have taken more than 5 minutes to cook maximum.  And I was only one of 4 tables that were seated.  The olives, feta, dolmades and falafel were bland but ok.  Then comes the mussels, that were forced open so their shells were cracked when they were served.  So, now I waited 15 minutes for my feta (just lumps of cold feta cheese with a small garnish of tomato, cucumber and onion) and my inedible mussels (3-4 mins cooking time) in the empty restaurant.  When the server came back by 5 minutes later I explained to her what was wrong with the mussels and said I don't want these, and she confirmed "Oh yeah, that's bad" and walked away with them.  I mentioned after her, unknowing if she was going to put in another order which I would now no longer trust from there, I don't want a replacement order, and she said, "Yeah, I got it".  Never an apology, or any remorse in her voice, actually just the opposite - a little attitude.  Never an offer of a menu back to order something else - I was still hungry.  Oh well, it must have been a bad day because I have had this server before and she is generally lovely and on top of things.  Anyway, I will be back as usual, ordering my mediterranean chicken salad, but it will be to go as usual and I will not be trying the tapas again any time soon.
3	This Mediterranean chain was a pleasant surprise after a long search for a dinner spot.HUGE portions.. excellent babaganoush  and hummus with of course, pita bread :)Everything was just so healthy... the chicken kebobs, gyros and lamb dishes were tasty.If I lived in this area, I would be a regular. Reasonably priced and each meal can easily serve 2.. or just plenty of left-overs for lunch the next day.BUT, patience is a MUST here..Minus 2 stars for service............... waiting 20 mins for a soda? Come on.. you serve great food, you have to do better.
2	I can understand some of the reviews. Had lunch here today with my wife and in-laws. The worse service ever. We ordered appetizers and never got them.  We also waited 15 min for our refills. My wife loves the one in Tempe. This one can take some hints from it. 2-stars cause the food was at least good when we did get it!
2	My wife and I had eaten at  different PJ location several years back, and did not enjoy it. We decided to give it another try this past week. Unfortunately, our experience was no better this time around. We both absolutely LOVE gyros, and have eaten hundreds in our lifetimes.  In all honesty, the gyros here look and taste like they came out of a box.  For some reason, this chain has decided not to use the good ol' tried-and-true gyro meat roasting on a spit that is served by almost every other Greek-ish place (I verified this with the server). The meat here is dry, bland and has the consistency of a sponge. Please see some of my other reviews for places that know how to make a proper gyro. The hummus appetizer was also not to our liking; it was far too runny. The place was packed on the Friday we were there. They must be doing something right, I just can't figure out what it is.  On the positive side, our server was very friendly and efficient and seemed to enjoy what she was doing. Will not return.
5	I have been eating at this joint for the last 4 years. I have probably paid for someones college. The food is always amazing. The staff is always friendly and the garlic dip and hummus is out of sight. (That means "FANTASTIC" for those born after 1990) I give it a 10 on a scale of 1-Awesome.Go. Eat. Now.
4	This place is always good. Never had a bad meal yet. I started going there at the Tempe location many years ago. This location is nice and right by the house. Love the Philly Steak pita, Gyro pita, all the types of humus. Food is good and healthy. Always busy and can get a bit noisy during heavy eating hours. Quick service and great tunes. Yummy!You can listen to their music feed here. http://www.pitajungle.com/music-player/
3	I have been here a few times.  While I do enjoy it for a few select items, I can't give it a higher rating.  Let me start by saying I really like their hummus, baba ganoosh, and dolmades.  My favorite main dish by far is the philly steak pita.  I haven't had the chicken version, but if it is done the same way it's probably good.  I also have a friend who loves the Mediterranean roasted chicken.I have had no problems with service, and the place is always clean and bright.  Also, baby-friendly.  I have an under-one year old and there is plenty of room to park a stroller if you bring one.  This is a big plus for me.On the down side, I have not liked any pita I've had other than the philly steak pita so far.  The falafel was sandpaper-dry, the Mediterranean tuna was also very dry and mostly tasteless though it was a very large serving. The gyro...you guessed it...also very dry!  I'm not sure what they're doing to their food to make it all so dry, but I wish they'd stop.  Their iced chai also tasted like milk, which was very disappointing since I love chai.I will continue to go back because their starters are very good, and I know there is at least one regular item that I like.  I'll have to try the chicken dishes soon.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in Arizona. I can't get enough of this place. I have tried many different items on the menu and my favorites would have to be the glazed chicken lavosh pizza, Philly Chicken Pita, hummus trio with chicken and something that is not on the menu anymore but they will still make is the Honey Chicken Pasta salad. It's basically the chicken pasta salad but with a warm, delicious honey dressing.The service is usually great and the atmosphere is always nice. They change the decor in the restaurant pretty frequently which makes it nice to visit.Give it a shot, good clean healthy food!
5	Fantastic dinner at Pita Jungle!   Wish we had this place back east!  Fantastic app of Seared and Seasoned Tuna over Hummus.  A combo I wouldn't have thought of but flavor that knocks you off your feet!   Great Gyro too.  No street meat here!   Wife had Hummus and Beef tips and she loved it as well!   Young vibe and good bar scene.  Open late.  Quick sit down service.  We will be back very soon. Can't wait!
2	I think their food is great, but I cannot give them a higher rating.  Their service is horrible.  My service has been CONSISTENTLY bad every time I go there for dinner.  I have been seated many times and had to wait 10-15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge me.  Trying to get a drink refilled is impossible.  It seems like the servers are  more concerned with socializing among themselves, in the back corner by the drink station than they are with the patrons.
2	Well, I stood at the bar for 15min with a menu in my hand wanting to order carry out but though the bartender came my way several times, once even completing a carry out order for a guy standing right next to me, I was never acknowledged.  At one point, a woman who also wanted carry out who came in after me, went and sat at the bar & was promptly greeted.  This is where my patience ran out an I walked out.  SUDDENLY, a guy who must have been a manager came out of the restaurant asking if I was there for carry out to which I responded "I wanted to order but I'm over it now."  He politely offered to take my order himself which I appreciated but he HAD to have seen me to know that I was leaving without being helped and after I'm halfway to the car is too late...
5	By far one of my favorite restaurants and "go to" staples if I dont feel like cooking during the week. Also great to-go!! We love the lavosh wraps, salads (esp. with the lemon vinagrette dressing) and hummus is delicious! Would definitely recommend. Also have great drink specials at this location.
5	Pita jungle is one of those special restaurants that make me feel great once I walk in. Instead of all the employees wearing a company outfit, they rather wear everyday clothes which I feel makes it feel less corporate and more relaxing and enjoyable. Not to mention all the servers have a great personality. Moving on, the food is incredible, they have food that everyone will atleast like one of the many choices. I truly recommend this place for not only the service, food, but also the prices, its very reasonable for everything you pay for.
5	Loved this place!  Not only was the food delicious, and cheap, but a few of the waitresses were pretty hot.  Sorry ladies, but I'm a guy and sometimes I can't help but notice.  Will be back next time I'm in town.
1	Personally hate this place. You can add their crappy service to one of the few things you can expect in life like death and taxes. It's consistently bad so I have no idea why I've gone back a few times. The food is ok but the table staff is run by high schoolers, or at least those that provie service like one, with no customer service skills anfd a huge lack of attentiveness (the bar is the worst). You could be waiting forever for them to come back. Take out service is even worse. The last issue I had was a catering order I had which was to be delivered next door. I prepaid and they never showed up! I called 3x and 30 minutes later some 14 year old is wandering in the parking lot with my order. Although they ended up comping the bill, the manager never called me back after I complained! Typical.
2	Consistency, Consistency, Consistency...  As a former employee and frequent guest, it pains me to give such a mediocre review. I ordered the SEARED AHI TUNA AND HUMMUS appetizer. When it came to the table I instantly noticed a problem; No sesame seed crust. I didn't think much of it until I got a third of the way through and realized the advertised SEARED ahi was in fact WELL DONE! :( :( I paused eating and drinking until a my server came back outside. I explained the situation and told her I didn't want a remake but would like some kind of recovery for eating a completely botched order. Not even a manager came out to talk to me. As a former employee of another Pita Jungle, it pains me to make a comment but the fact NOTHING was done to recover my experience. I will definitely ponder which location I go to to enjoy my once favorite dish. My server Nicole was great, I just reallyhope she brought my situation up to a manager or kitchen manager and it was the managers fault in not recovering my experience.Will go back to the Scottsdale location, with caution... and next timeI will have NO hesitation sending it back! Being in the industry has it's double edge sword of service and dining etiquette.
1	Their hummus is delicious, and that is the ONLY good thing about this place. In fact, the only reason I have gone here more than a few times is because my boyfriend liked it and he was paying, but I would have rather eaten a bowl of cereal. And I'm super easy to please when it comes to Greek food as I love all of it. (My favorite place is Saba's on Tatum and Bell, save yourself and GO THERE it's fantastic)TERRIBLE SERVICE. Every time I have gone here I have felt completely awkward and unwelcome, not the type of vibe I'm paying $20 for. The waiters have been so rude and unhelpful and always look stoned.
5	Great place to eat and watch the crazy people at Amy's Baking Company from the safety of the fenced off patio .....
5	I have never been disapppointed with anything I have gotten here. My favorite is the hummus trio with chicken. I ask for cucumbers instead of pita. Yum.
4	My visits to Pita Jungle consists of mostly hits with a few misses. The pros-Happy hour is a bargain. $3 for any draft and they have good ones. Tapas are only a few bucks each. Keep in mind these are tapas. The portions are meant to be tiny. But they are perfect for leisurely nibbles. Our absolute favorite among the tapas are the mushrooms. Garlicky lemony mushrooms. Scrumptious. Our second favorite is the garlic dip. We actually prefer it over the hummus. The thyme pita is a good deal. $2 for a giant pita smothered in herbs, feta, and olives.They have the best coconut curry soup. All their soups are good and usually vegetarian but this one is craveable. My hubby likes their gyro and their fish dishes.The cons-Their veggie wrap is not good. I have had it at the other locations and enjoyed it but not so much at this location. Too many carrots and too dry.My husband didn't care for their chicken. He said it wasn't bad... it just wasn't anything special.Service can be a bit apathetic. Servers do not look pleased to be there. We prefer the service at the bar. Bartenders are quick, efficient, and pleasant. Bottom line- we stick to the bar, particularly for happy hour. Cheap booze, tasty nibbles, and a great view of whatever game happens to be on their TV.
2	Came in for an early dinner to take advantage of their happy hour, which was pretty good.  My wife left half of her dish along with some tapas from later, but unfortunately we forgot the to go box on the table and walked out.  I came back within 30-45 seconds to grab it and was told if had already been thrown away.  They apologized but did not offer a solution.  I appreciate the fast service, but some common sense is obviously missing here...
4	Came here for G's birthday.  That is nice of them to take reservations for us.  We had 11 of us.  The service was great.  The place can get a little loud.  I ordered hummus and grilled chicken with pine nuts served with pita!  Very good a little salty then normal.  Never had to ask for a refill - Awesome!
5	This place does get very cold so I recommend either sitting outside or bringing something with you to cover up for your time being in here. Service is very fast and speedy but sometimes can be slow, but that just depends on what you happen to order. The place is quite loud which is somewhat annoying but I can tolerate it because of the amazing food that they have. The hummus and chicken trio is what I get every time and it is amazing! I definitely recommend it if you are going here for your first time! The grilled vegetables are also super good probably because of the seasoning that they put on it. Prices are good but could be cheaper on some items on the menu.
3	I like PJ, the hummus platter is always a winner.  For some reason though this location lacks some jazzzzz that the other location on Scottsdale and Shea seems to have.  How can that be explained?!?!  Same menu, same food but somehow not the same.We do come here since the location is convenient but every time I sit down, I can't  seem to help myself and  compare this PJ to the OTHER PJ.  I know, I'm so unfair.Well, good thing sushi station is next door as that seems to be where I've been gravitating towards lately!
5	Service is always great and the food always consistent. My favorite location.
3	I have come to love me some Pita Jungle as of lately. The food is always good but the service can be a little spotty from time to time. You can't go wrong with anything that you order so look over the menu and see what tickles your fancy for that day and have at it. The portions are always huge so if you leave hungry than I don't know what to tell you.
4	Love their oven fired lavosh wraps. I remember taking my girl here a few times. I would recommend this place.
4	Best chicken and hummusLove the Arnold palmers They know how to cook their chickenFavorites include: chicken and hummus, medchiladia, wood-fired salmon salad, glazed-chicken pizza, pesto pizza, spicy chicken pita (ask for it in a bowl instead), Greek salad, lentil soup, turkey pesto lavosh wrap ( substitute chicken instead of turkey), and grilled vegetable salad. Tempe location has a great breakfast too.
4	Great variety on the menu.Service was awesome. I did not care for the chicken shawarma wrap but got it switfly changed to something else. They get really busy at lunch time. Our server Annie was very friendly and efficient. My only gripe about the space is it gets very loud. Other than that, I am a fan!
3	We use this as one of our staple restaurants. Better than average food and good service. It is noisy because of the poor ceiling design, but other than that it's a good place to go for a quick dinner, lunch, or happy hour.
5	Love love love! Gyro all day. & can't go wrong with dat rice puddin' (;
4	Y-U-M-M-Y, healthy options. I only wish they had a frequent diner punch card to help me manage the financial aspect of my addiction. (:
5	Stopped by for lunch. Friendly and efficient staff. I had the chicken curry salad and a glass of wine - Awesome! They have an early and late happy hour. I'll definitely check it out.
4	I frequent the Desert Ridge location often.  I usually sit at the bar when I'm alone and always have very prompt and friendly service.  Anyone that is familiar with PJ knows they have the BEST hummus in town.  I love to get the trio of regular, roasted red pepper, and cilantro jalapeno.  And for an entree, top it off with a protein such as the ahi tuna, chicken, or steak.My BF and I will often split the Chicken Curry Salad, a side order of Tahini Cauliflower, and the Mixed Beans AND we STILL have left overs.My new recent favorite is the Veggie Lavosh Wrap.  OMG, even if you aren't a Veg Head this is sooo yummy and a HUGE portion!Also, if you are on a budget... House Wines (Red & White) & Margaritas are super cheap!
1	The staff allowed a woman whom I nicely asked to contain her children, berate me and come back twice to tell me how "mean and evil" of a person that I am for asking her to quiet her screaming children during lunch.  I asked the staff to remove her, and they simply stood and watched/listened.  I've never been treated so horribly in a restaurant.  My friend and I will not be returning, and I will share this experience with everyone that I know.  I asked for the manager, and he did not choose to help the situation by showing up.  As a former restaurant owner, I am horrified and disgusted.
4	Had the chance to enjoy this location last night with a good friend.  They have catered previously for a lunch at my company and the food was excellent, so I was excited to be able to actually visit their physical location.  The venue did not disappoint.  Very modern in it's decor and appearance.  The front desk hostess was extremely nice (and wearing an adorable Star Wars shirt - jealous).  I had the One Thousand Beans Pita, my fiance had the Gyro and our friend had the Chicken and Hummus.  Everything was well prepared and tasted amazing.  The only down sides were the lack of waiting room in the front portion - there was only a five minute wait to be seated, but there was a bit of a crowd waiting to be seated, so it was a touch uncomfortable.  The other thing was the amount of time it took to get our food seemed a bit lengthy and they forgot the steamed veggies our friend ordered to accompany her hummus.  However, on the up-side the waitress acknowledged the wait, apologized and immediately rectified the missing veggies!  It was a very busy location also, so waiting for freshly prepared food isn't really a bad thing - just more something to keep in mind.  Go for happy hour, get a drink and have a nice chat while you wait for the food.  Overall: A Recommendations: Go for happy hour (until 6 p.m. and late night happy hour from 9 p.m. to close).  Go with friends and order a variety of foods and share - everything sounds delish but you can't order it all!  Or can you....
4	Pita Jungle is a great place for lunch or dinner, with lots of vegetarian options and healthy options. The only real downfall of this location is the noise - with a full work week crowd at lunch, it's insanely loud...like almost having to yell at your companions to be heard loud. I got the Pesto Pita pizza, which was yummy and filling, and a Greek Salad which was fresh and good.
5	One of my favorite spots in the valley for lunch, dinner or takeout. Never disappoints and food is always fresh and fantastic. My best friend and I meet here every other week and have wine and dinner and it's very reasonable. Ahi and hummus appetizer is a favorite and you must try the caramelized cauliflower side and/or the coconut curry soup. Oh and the best falafel pita I've ever had. Love love love PJ!!
3	I had a less than stellar experience in the past, but maybe it was a one time thing.The food is good, service is okay.When I'm in the area, it's a great choice, if I can find parking! It can be tricky as spaces are limited for all the congestion at peak times.I recommend the hummus, iced tea, and blue corn nachos with chicken.
5	Food is amazing. The Mediterranean chicken Shwarma is delicious. The plate runner didn't ask if we needed anything else so I had to go to the bar to ask for some Siracha sauce. I must've been talking to the owner or manager because he came over asked if there was anything else we needed and brought us some free drinks. Pita jungle is awesome!
5	The best hummus I have ever tasted!I have even tried buying several different store brands just so I can have hummus at home, but I have not been able to find anything as good as Pita Jungle's.  They have an online allergen menu showing all common allergens that are in their food.  This makes it so easy to order right off their menu with many items not even needing any substitutions if you do have an allergy.  I love the Happy Hour as well.  Many times I have walked away only spending $10 and that is with tip.  Their Happy Hour consists of small portions of their hummus, shrimp, scallops, pine nut chicken, falafel...all about $2 a piece.  Oh and wine is I believe $3 on HH as well.Yum Yum!
5	I could eat here everyday! The hummus, the chicken, the atmosphere A++++
4	I like to go to different places - rarely say "lets go back" unless it's really good.  I love to "go back" to the Pita Jungle.  Fast. Fresh. Great service.  Replace the rice on the plate with extra grilled veggies.  Yes - no problem.  The Caribbean Chicken Salad... FRESH cut fruits (TONS) over mixed greens, topped with shredded coconut, raisins and strawberry vinaigrette (I added broiled chicken) ... awesome.  Fruit was so fresh and perfectly ripe I wondered if they picked it off a tree in the back yard.  NEVER i been disappointed with the food there.  It's busy - so if you're trying to do lunch on a weekday - go early, a little late.. or plan on a nice wait.  It's worth it.
5	Always love this place, great decor high energy and in crowd. Great alternative to burgers and pizza and healthy on top of that. My personal favorite is the Philly Cheese Steak Pita, never can go wrong. Good size portion and juicy prime rib meat with all the toppings.Service is always quick and friendly with reasonable prices and fresh high quality food.Not the easiest location to find, but when you have a great concept, people will seek you out and come to find it.Plenty of parking Will certainly come back again
2	This is a pretty straightforward Pita Jungle - I've been here twice, both times for lunch on a weekday. Parking is a pain, so plan accordingly.The decor is ... nicer?... than other Pita Jungles I've been to, as far as being less bohemian and more upscale, I suppose. If  your idea of "upscale" is minimalist modern art 80s decor (lots of black and white geometric shapes with pops of primary colors) The food is as good as any Pita Jungle. It did take a very long time to come out, even though we ordered right away upon arrival, and while the restuarant was busy, it was not crazy busy. The real issue is the service. We've dined at the restaurant twice, with groups that are not particularly huge - 5 people the first time, 5 people the second time. On my first visit, the hostess tried to refuse to do anything to allow us to sit as a group of 5, unless we wanted to sit at the tall communal table. It was 6 months ago, so my memory is a tiny bit fuzzy, but what stands out is that a) our very reasonable request was apparently insane and b) she was very very rude, and continued to be rude in our direction throughout the entire meal.On my second visit (this past week) we sat at the high communal table (to hopefully avoid conflict with any wayward staff members) The communal table is perched at the edge of the bar area, and it suffers from what I consider to be "bar-bad-service-syndrome", which is where the servers handling tables in the bar either have way too large of a section and/or are also taking tables in other parts of the restaurants, and as a result they never show up to help you. Our server (30s, long dark hair, mean face) was incredibly annoyed with us from the very beginning. Any and every request was met with exasperated looks, irritated body language, and eye rolls galore. Not "can I please have caviar served on a gold platter while you balance on an elephant's back" sort of requests... can we please have straws, can I substitute roasted vegetables instead of salad, etc.Here's the thing: when you disappear for 20 minutes at a time, yes, when you return to the table there are going to be several requests that have built up in the meantime, since you deserted us with no assistance for way, way too long.We were celebrating one friend's birthday (hence the lunch outing) and when the bills were presented, I asked the server to please charge both my check and her check to my Amex. As you can imagine, irritated hair flipping and grimacing ensued.  I even made it as simple as possible by placing both checks into the same black folio. When I recieved my check back, I noticed it was for a lower than expected amount. Upon further investigation, the birthday-girl's check was charged to ANOTHER member of the party (who had not asked for this) SO. FRUSTRATING.We worked it out amongst ourselves and beat a hasty retreat far far away. Hopefully we can find a better Pita Jungle destination somewhere close to work for future lunch-jaunts.This place is the pits.
5	This is my favorite restaurant of all time. Healthy, fresh and fabulously low key. Love it!
5	Best prices, healthy food, awesome happy hours...get the tapas!!!! Watch sports games and expect quality control in their food...place is great!
5	5 stars for catering!!! I was a little hesitant on getting Pita Jungle for a catered corporate event... They blew it outta the water though, all the platters looked elegant.  The staff was absolutely top notch and went above and beyond.  Kudos Pita Jungle for having amazing staff!!!! Makes all the difference in coming back.  Thank you!!!
5	The MOST amazing food ever!Going back again before I depart the area!!!
4	This was a refreshing delicious lunch. The only reason I'm giving them 4 and not 5 stars is I ordered their fresh lemonade, and they didn't tell me it was guava lemonade. I love guava but this lemonade tasted alcoholic:(. Their fattoush salad was amazing, it was the perfect combination of seasonings and lemon. I would definitely eat here again minus the Lemonade.
4	My favorite is still the one on Shea but this is also great.  Kids meal can't be beat.  Fattoush Salad is great, so is the black bean burger (just add Sriracha).  Tapas portions at happy hour look great, but we always forget about that until after we've already ordered.
5	This location is a lot nicer than the arrowhead one, decor and demographics wise. Some of their plates are also bigger and you get more of what you are paying for. I saw the garlic potatoes and they looked so much better than the ones at the arrowhead location. The salads were the same but I think we may make this our primary location. One tiny complaint: too much raisins in the Mediterranean chicken salad at this place.
5	After a concert at the MIM, we went to have a late dinner. They were close to closing, so we orderes from the happy hour menu. Everything was yummy, the pizza, falafel, scallops, etc. Abs the prices were just right!
1	I love Greek food but I have eaten here at least five times and I will now only go to it if a friend chooses it. The acoustics are awful and I feel like I am hearing everyone except who I am with.  No one who serves customers has a smile. If I spend money I expect the servers to act like they enjoy their jobs. I love to tip but at Pita Jungle I feel like I am giving money away to servers who hate their jobs and are annoyed with anybody that they must serve. This is my first negative review. It's such a nice place so it annoys me that the service is subpar. I've had better Greek food just about everywhere else I go.  I had high hopes for this place, but it is just not good (especially for the price).
4	Pita Jungle is the best. They have excellent service and they gave us the food regardless of being busy on a Saturday night. I felt super healthy after eating the chicken salad, and I also had some cilantro japapeno hummus from my friend. It was a bit too spicy, but that was my fault. I'll be coming back again!
5	Great service, sat at bar(dining solo)... Great food and the only place I've eaten so far that I will def come back to! Yumm yumm
1	Food was the same quality I expect but this location needs cleaning bad! Seats were sticky and greasy...everywhere. The walls to the bathroom had food and smear on them. The ladies room was grosse. Again smear on the walls and yuckie sinks. Server was sub-par and served a broken glass to a customer next to us. And stared into space while we sat with our piled up dishes. Wont be back to this location.
1	Very bad customer service. We went in at lunch time and the service was horrible and the food was even worse. I will not be back pita jungle.
5	Maybe i was just really hungry. The food was delish and very satisfying! Good service, too. :)
4	Always great service. Some menu items are hit and miss, but most are pretty good. Great kids menu.
2	We were visiting family in Scottsdale and they took us to dinner at this location, because they like Pita Jungle and because this was supposedly one of the original, non-franchise locations. In their words:"this is the best Mediterranean food you'll have. And their vegetarian food is amazing." Maybe I'm spoiled with Greek, Lebanese and nouvelle Mediterranean food establishments on the East Coast, but I was prepared to be amazed. No such luck! The Patio was full on the lovely evening we went there and inside was cold and very loud, with the industrial decor doing nothing to make conversations easy. The friendly hostess made sure we had our own nook (can you please re-upholster the banquettes or change the seats, they are uncomfortably worn out) and left us to wait for our server. It took a long time for water to appear and even longer for our server. We ordered drinks and a plate of what is commonly known as meze (appetizers) with warm pita to share while we were deciding what to get for dinner. Amazingly, they charge for each pita above the two that come with the platter. And two is not enough for a shared plate. Our wine finally came out, gingerly carried by our server with fingers on the bowl - yuck! The platter of appetizers was underwhelming: 2 falafel, deep fried into oblivion, some passable tabbouleh, slabs of feta, 2 rice filled grape leaves, which were so uniform that they must have been industrially made and finally spoonfuls of hummus, tzatziki, baba ghanoush and ratatouille (?). The dips were okay, nothing you couldn't buy in any decent grocery store these days. The ratatouille was a far cry from it, and not even close to the Mediterranean "Ghiveci" you can get in Greek, Turkish, etc. restaurants or make at home. The chunks of zucchini were big, the rest nonexistent and in a thin, bland sauce. No sooner had we dug into the appetizers, that our main dishes show up and the server and busboy hustle to make room for them. In other words, say goodbye to whatever you wanted to mop up with pita on the appetizer platter! Our serve got half the orders wrong, but by that time we were really hungry. Not only did the server argue with us about what we ordered, we were cowed into eating what was placed in front of us. The vaunted Shrimp Paesano special was one pound (yes, one pound!) of noodles with four measly shrimp on top and shreds of some vegetables. The fish on the salad was raw, not seared and my lavosh portobello pizza deserves a sentence of its own. Nice crisp crust, good mix of cheeses and tomato slices, basil (not herbs, as in the menu) sliced and not chiffonaded, but here was the kicker - the mushrooms were in thick slices, they were raw and the olives scattered on the pizza had pits in them! When finally summoned over, our server offered to have the kitchen cook the mushrooms. Having read about what might happen to food that goes back, I politely declined. In the end we got free dessert, a nice touch and both the rice pudding and the baklava were tasty, albeit run of the mill. We like our family, so we agreed with whatever they said, but even my husband who will pretty much eat anything shook his head.
3	Maybe I'm not ordering the right thing?I've been here twice and both times I've walked away thinking, "I've had better".The first time I played it safe and got a gyro.  It was OK. The meat was a bit dry.  I got a side of rice that was so dry I sent it back and got a replacement that wasn't quite as dry.  Service was terrific.The second time I got the chicken platter and my wife got the Philly cheesesteak gyro.  The chicken was dry, the rice was dry.  The beans were delicious.  The Philly didn't taste like a Philly cheesesteak or a gyro so it confused me.  However, it was good.  Again the service was terrific.The atmosphere is OK.  It's a bit tight and if it's crowded it can get very noisy. I'll probably go back if I'm in the area and I don't want to fight for a parking place at Desert Ridge. But, I won't drive out of my way to eat here.
5	Love Pita Jungle.  Everything on the menu delivers and the atmosphere is great.  Try the hummus with broiled chicken or the glazed chicken lavosh pizza.  Both are consitent hits.  The casual atmosphere fits for visits with friends, dinner with the family, or a business meeting.
1	The service was not only half asked but also one of the worst in dining I've ever experienced.  I was treated rudely and should have basically served myself.  This is the last time I will dine here which saddens me because I love pita jungle!
4	This location for Pita Jungle was pretty true to the others I've been to.  I had the lentil soup & added a side of grilled tofu.  It was standard - very flavorful & vegan!  There are many options that you can get that aren't on the menu - simply ask your server!
5	I love love this place. The menu is exceptionally unique for this part of the country and their prices can't be beat. Seriously. You can spend $10 - $15 on a fulfilling lunch and still need a to-go box. I've been here dozens of times and will be back dozens more. I always sit at the bar because the girls are friendly and especially attentive. As a bonus, they rotate talented artists work every now and then which is cool to look at while you relax.
2	Went here with my boss for lunch one day and was not impressed. We were seated in the back corner by the servers computers so they were constantly walking next to us. It was also very loud inside and I wish we could have sat outside. The food was just okay. Nothing special and nothing I would want again. I don't have any plans to return anytime soon.
5	Ahhh how I love me some Pita Jungle!  I eat here at least once a week.  The mediterranean chicken salad and the hummus and chicken are my two staples.
5	Refreshingly fresh and healthy food in Scottsdale, AZ.  Great happy hour with delicious small plates. Reasonably priced.  On those hot days I headed here for meetings and never disappointed. Their hummus (trio) is excellent, served with warm pitas.
4	Good food, descent service.  It wasn't that packed I just had to ask for the silverware,   which is just always kind of Wierd....but what do you do.this ones a nice location.One thing that is a definite side dish to order is the cauliflower fried dish with tahini. .just good.
4	I really like Pita Jungle, for a few reasons:1.  Great value: large portions, very reasonable prices2.  Good food: well-executed, if simple, Mediterranean dishes3.  Lots of healthy options4.  Both regular and reverse happy hour drink specials.I went to the Tatum location last week.  I chose the Philly chicken wrap.  It was tasty, huge, and pretty cheap ($8 if I remember).  I also ordered a beer, and my wife and I ordered dolmades and baba ganoush for starters.  Everything was good, the tab was very reasonable, our server was pleasant and competent.On an unrelated note, the female staff at the Tatum location were particularly attractive.  Not in a stupid, Hooters-girl type of way or anything; they all looked like yoga instructors.  This doesn't influence my rating it's simply an observation.  Go here for happy hour/to watch a game/for a quick dinner.  If you've never been, I'm confident that you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	Loooove this place! I like the different types of selections and it's fairly cheap in price and decently healthy. One of my top favorite places for sure!
4	Love that there is such a nice, comfortable place to eat healthy foods. Large portions. Food is fresh. Good service. Indoor and outdoor seating. Particularly nice on weekends where the area is much quieter.
2	Let me start by saying my review has nothing to do with the food, which was terrific.  It has to do with the service which was terrible all the way around. Hostes starts off by being rude to my kids who went in first to get a table. Walked up, took menus and walked away without saying anything to them.  It took about 15 steps for her to turn around and look at them as if they were stupid for not following her.  After that she gave them a hard time when they told her we had a party of 5, initially refusing to put together two tables to fit us.Next, our waitress was late (apparently 30 min), which I didn't need to know, but the waitress staying to cover felt obligated to share. New waitress came, introduced herself by saying...you waiting on anyone else? In addition to staring at herself in the wall mirror the whole time we were ordering, she didn' pay attention to what we were asking her.  Then,  when my mom paid and said, "keep the change (16% tip even with cruddy service) she brought back the changed and slapped it down, saying here's the change and gave a bad look.  I would have complained to the manager, but after watching her treatment of the woman behind us who had to wait 40 minutes to get her food done correctly, I choose not to.  That woman was smart, since the manager wouldn't give her a break on the bill she simply put the tab on the table, said, I guess this one's on you, and left.
5	Awesome food. Best hummus. Accidentally I forgot my cel phone here after having dinner. The staff is very cooperative. They kept my phone until I arrived.  Best staff and best food. Worth a try:)
2	Pitas are always good. However at this location the water taste like they poured it from the toilet bowl. The server brought out lemonade that taste like something from Mars. Also he didn't bring out the food or do any refills. Not impressed with the service but pitas are always good. Good luck on the drinks because what we had sucked!!
5	Have been to many Pita Jungle locations, but I go to this one the most. I like the layout of this location the best. It is pretty open and spacious which I like. I have never had an issue with the service here, it has always been fine by me.The food here is excellent though. My #1 favorite thing on the menu is the Lentil Fetoosh Salad. It is massive, and I love the crunchy pieces of pita throughout the salad. It is very flavorful and filling, definitely something to order if you are hungry. The hummus is excellent as well, I like to get a trio to have a little of everything. Their blue corn nachos are absolutely fantastic as well. I have also tried the falafel pita, but prefer the other things I've tried over that.Been back many times and will be back again!
4	The trio chicken hummus dish is to die for!  Order extra flatbread if you want to share with more then one person. The service is fair. I always come back, great lunch spot!
3	Food was great, but service took way too long. Long wait for drinks or for our waitress to even stop by our table and ask if we needed anything.
4	Ive been to several of the locations throughout the valley and this is one of the best ones.  Ive been to one that is not nearly as friendly and overall stingy and this is not the case here.  I'm a garlic lover, unashamedly so... I do have a lot breath mints so have no fear!  I say that because the garlic dip is amazing and has been for years.  A side of chicken wrapped in a pita smothered in the garlic dip is bliss.  Great food and a clean/efficient space.
4	I love this place and for those wondering.....no, it's not only pita's :)My fave is the hummus with chicken and toasted pine nuts. Very very good.Can't go wrong at Pita Jungle.  It's good food, a lot of vegetarian dishes, however there are some very excellent meat plates as well.
5	Sat on the patio with my toddlers, brother, and mom. Our server was Ressia and she was amazing! We are a very high maintenance group with our constant requests and whatnot. We know we aren't the easiest table but Ressia went above and beyond serving us. She was always there to check on us or see if we needed anything. Also the fact that she interacted so well with the kids was a bonus. She was such a doll. The food was delicious as always. I decided to try something new and had the Chipotle Chicken Lavosh pizza. I was not disappointed!! Even my family kept asking to eat some of my newest discovery. This location is one of the better ones in my opinion. It's always such a clean and welcoming environment. Can't wait till next time!
4	This is by far the best restaurant in the Desert Ridge area for healthy eaters (or really anyone who can tolerate a meal not consisting of red meat smothered in cheese). The atmosphere, music and food are all hip, casual and fun. Prices are slightly below average for a restaurant in this class.
5	Great food, good for dates AND takeout! Good  happy  hour  deals  and  half off wine bottles on certain days.
5	My sister and I came here with my 1 year old nephew for lunch out on the patio. The manager was so friendly and helpful. I wish I'd gotten his name, but he deserves to be recognized for his great customer service!! Thank you!
1	I have always enjoyed this restaurant and never had an issue with my food or service until today where a burger comes out cold in the middle. It was ordered medium rare so it was expected to have some pink in the middle but not be raw and still cold. When we asked to have it taken back to have it fixed it came back as the same patty that had been squished down on the grill. When we asked if it was standard procedure to throw the partially eaten burger back on the grill and re-serve it our waitress said yes. We told her it seemed unsanitary and she asked if we wanted a new one. Of course we said yes and the third one came out great, but when we got the bill, we had been charged for two burgers. We asked the waitress again if it was common practice to re cook meat and serve it again. Shamefully she said no. It seems like this particular establishment needs to brush up on health codes and basic customer service.
1	Horribly disappointed. Having been a regular at the downtown location this place cannot compare. Awful awful bartender. I walked out! Usually when you ask someone what they would like to drink you give them a menu first. Duh!  Then when I ask for the ASU game, don't act like its an obscure European sport that no one else would enjoy. You have ruined my Pita Jungle experience near my new home. Hopefully you don't suck in life as much as you do at your job.
5	Great place, great food, reasonably priced, and very good service.
4	This is in a great location and I am a little biased....as its within walking distance of a friends house.  It's great for a quick meal.  Always start with a humus plate....I adore the chicken wrap.  It's big enough to eat half there and take other half home.  Their drinks are reasonable as well.  Atmosphere is pretty chill and dress is casual.
4	This is my favorite place to eat. The red pepper hummus and the chicken salad are pretty awesome. They also have a good idea with the kids meal.
2	I have been a fan of Pita Jungle and have eaten at this location for years.  Recently, there have been some serious quality control issues.  I order the same (Curry Chicken) salad every week.  Now, I receive a different salad every week.  Different ingredients.  Different size.  Different dressing.  I will not be ordering this dish again, last time it was not only different but terrible!  Twice it has been served with absolutely no curry sauce.  Dry chicken salad with no spice or flavor with copious amounts of dry celery chunks.  Yum..  Clearly there are some recipe issues going on in the kitchen.  Very disappointed.  Management should be watching their kitchen a little more closely.
4	If you come here and don't get the Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus...you've possibly made the biggest mistake of your life and you should not be allowed to make grown-up decisions anymore.  Even if you don't like hummus, this is a must have.  It's like the first time you heard the Beatles.  Trust in Pita Jungle.
2	First off, I LOVE Pita Jungle food and experience.  This location continues to slide in quality and service, however, to the point it's now on the "no-go" list.  :(We went in about 3 months ago, and the service was dismissive and curt.  The food was lacking in the normally consistent high quality.  But, we took it as a bad day, and went back yesterday.  Again, we love the food.  :)However, this day confirms the place is off the mark entirely.  We ordered the appetizer platter...food was good, however, the pita's were clearly microwaved, and therefore, got hard as a rock before you could finish it.  Fresh is no longer the rule here, apparently.  :(We both had gyros, which were also lacking.  The meat was super salty - and BF agreed, which says a lot, since he favors food that is well-seasoned and isn't as salt-sensitive as I am.  My pita was also going stale by the time I was at the end of the wrap.Lastly, the server totally mischarged my credit card.  She undercharged us $15 on a $30 lunch, and because I am honest to a fault, I brought it to her attention.  No apology, no great thanks, either.  She went off to recharge the card, muttering something about how she wanted to see what she did wrong.  I told her to just charge the card the remaining amount.  Instead, she brought me back a new slip for the actual total.  I asked her for the cancellation on the original slip, and she said it wasn't required.  Not sure why I have this niggling feeling I was double-charged.  Regardless, overall, a lousy experience,  We'll stick with the PJ at Fashion Square.
5	When I went to Alinea in Phoenix, my expectation was the best. They had told me this fine restaurant. Great food and wine list. Book with reasonable advance. Lives packed!
4	Pita Jungle always has consistently good food.  It's healthy and fresh and the portion sizes are generous.  They are absolutely fabulous when it comes to customizing orders and making substitutions - something not many restaurants can boast!  I've never had anything there that I didn't like, and my favorites are the Chicken del Sol, the Grilled Chicken with Hummus, and the Chicken Combo Platter.My only warning is to make sure you check your take out orders.  Twice when this location has been really busy my order has been incorrect.  Just sneak a peak at everything before you leave with it.
2	I love Pita Jungle and go often.  However, the location on Tatum has had extremely slow service the last two times I was there.  Today 4 of us went to lunch and it was an hour and a half!
5	I love Pita Jungle.  It has something for everyone and at a reasonable price!  Veggie-friendly, vegan-friendly, and carnivore friendly; Pita Jungle throws together clever Mediterranean recipes with a hip, modern flair.  My favorites are Lentil Fetoosh and 1000 Bean salad.  For the meat-eaters, I recommend any of their pitas or seafood dishes.
