5	Found out about this spot from a friend.  The restaurant decor is pretty cool if you are into anime.  On one of the walls, there is a Veritech fighter plane from Robotech.  On that same wall, there is a tv that plays different anime.  The floor has several hexagons (3 of them together in a triangular formation).  The restroom has those same hexagon pattern as a mirror.   The food was amazing.  We ordered several items to share.Blue Mussels - 5 stars, extremely tenderGrilled Ribs - 5 stars, fall of the bone ribs with awesome flavorShoyu Ribs Ramen - 4 starsSesame Tonk Ramen w/ Jade Noodles (spinach noodles) - 4 starsMiso Mazin Ramen - 4 starsHoneydew Brulee - 5 stars, freaking good!Waffle Ice Cream - 5 stars, soft buttered waffle with ice cream... need I say more?The ramen noodles were cooked perfectly.  The broth around the egg in the ramen was slightly sweet due to it's flavor, but all the broths were good.  As a whole, the ramen was good.  The server was extremely knowledgeable about the food and the anime on the different walls.  He was friendly and helpful, our water glasses were never empty.  I recommend this place to people who appreciate anime and those who are looking to try something different.  Every time I make it out to Vegas, I plan on coming back to this restaurant.
5	Came here for the 2nd time with the hubs to meet up a friend.. We ordered a bunch of things and I was STUFFED by the end of the meal.. but it was SOOO yummy! To start, the waiter brought us roasted seaweed squares with a sesame oil dipping sauce with lime infused sea salt while we were looking over the menu.. it was nice and light. Personally I liked getting some of the salt on the seaweed.. otherwise it's a little too light. For appetizers, we ordered the Grilled Ribs.. which was SUPER YUMMY.. awesome flavoring, though slightly dry this time.. and pork sliders trio on lightly toasted hawaiian bread (which wasn't on the menu, but I hear they have a secret menu, so it might be on that??) Edamane was served with a garlicy soy sauce reduction and the same infused sea salt from the seaweed..it was VERY tasty. i'm not used to putting sauce on my edamane, but i have to admit, it was GOOD.I ordered the waffle stuffed with sweet chicken curry. it came with two eggs.. i'd probably recommend it as a breakfast item or something on a very empty stomach. i couldn't finish the waffle cuz i was already getting really full. But the curry inside was good, not too spicy. eggs were cooked according to your request, i went with over medium. So in the end, I ditched the half waffle and ate the curry and eggs. The guys ordered a ramen ( i forgot to ask him how he liked it, but it looked good) and the steak salad. I was very impressed with the presentation of the salad. it looked delish. Dessert was so good. I only had a small bite though if I wasn't so full, i wouldn't have shared. we had the strawberry custard brulee, which now that i look isn't actually on the menu either. ha. lucky us! seriously, i would have licked the bowl clean if I wasn't dying of fullness. all in all, i was impressed with the food, service (waiter was very good about checking in on us often, refilling water glasses etc) and decor. the bathroom signs are the best. very clever.
3	This place definitely has potential.  All the items on their menu sounds really delicious and falls right into a unique Japanesey/Hawaiian style. It looks like the specialties are stuffed waffles and ramen.  Weird combination, but hell, STUFF WAFFLES? the thought of that already makes me drool, but when it came down to it, I ordered the Short Rib Ramen only because I'm a ramen addict.To be honest, after reading the menu, I think I set my expectations a little too high.  When the ramen came out, the portions was a bit small and the broth was a bit bland and not as hot as I had wished.  I definitely will be coming back to try all the other goodies - Mussels - Grilled Ribs - Stuffed WafflesAll are on my list but considering I was there for lunch, I didn't really want to spend over 15 bucks.(this place is not cheap)bumping it up to 3.5 stars for cool service.
5	So this place has an awesome set up, very modern almost futuristic decor with a rameni bar in the middle. They played music from James Brown to Aaliyah and crazy mix ups!  On their flat screen they were showing some galactic anime that I wasn't familiar with but it was entertaining. Server was dressed in classic white collared shirt and black skinny tie. He told us the place is family owned and he is also related to the owners.Anyways...I started off with a Thai ice tea that was prefect.Here's all the stuff we order!Scale 1-5 (1= nasty - 5= food porn)Waffles with sausage, egg & chz: 4.5Trinity sliders(pork, caramelized onions, tomato & garnished with scallions on a nicely toasted bun): 5Seafood kimchi ramen: 3.5 (skimpy on seafood but broth was Yum)Grilled pork Ribs: 4I can see this becoming the new hip & trendy spot to eat.Server let us know they have a secret menu that changes daily & is posted on their Facebook.Come to find out our server was also the general manager, Xalan. Extremely attentive, accommodating, and professional, not to mention nice.He also told us since they're waiting for their liquor license to process they'll be bringing in some exotic Asian beers and pairings for future menus to come. Seems like a very promising place. Definitely coming back.
2	The decor is fantastic. The service is average. But the food is just not worth it. My friend had the herbal chicken ramen, and could not even finish the bowl. I had the cold noodle salad. I LOVE cold noodle dishes, but the noodles were over cooked and soggy. I had high hopes for this place, but the food we had was just outright gross.
2	Ever been in a relationship where it ended, but you wanted it to work out so badly that you gave it another shot.  yea.....this place definitely made me want to come back because i thought it had some serious potential but after the second visit it made me realize that it was:1. Over-priced2. Soup was bland and Luke-warm3. Portions were smallo yea don't order the pork belly either if you're expecting anything close to grilled deliciousness because its everything BUT that.Sorry 28go, I guess it just wasn't meant to be
5	I wandered into 28GO with a friend while we were looking to get a quick dinner near campus.  It is hard for me to express what my first impression of 28GO was, but 28GO is definitely unique. The decor is dark and the lighting is dim. Combined with the eclectic mix of music (hip-hop to latin to old anime theme songs) 28GO gives off a cool vibe.  On the walls are paintings of giant robots from various anime. The ones I noticed were the variable fighter from Macross and Mazinger Z.  According to the waiter, they plan on adding more paintings.  The t.v. above the bar plays classic giant robot anime and live action shows in back and white (an aesthetic choice since most of the shows featured aired in color.)The food is good. Good enough for me to come back a second time and good enough that I would recommend 28GO to someone looking to try something new around UNLV.  Their ramen doesn't come with any fancy topping but, they do feature some interesting combinations of meat and broth. For example their Shoyu Rib came with bbq rib meat which, for me, was a tasty deviation from what I would normally expect. The prices are pretty fair. $8 isn't the least I have paid for a good bowl of ramen, but it isn't the most either. The service was good. The only person who seems to work there is Xalan and he was friendly and prompt both times I was there.Overall I am giving 28GO five out of five stars because I enjoyed both my meals there. They are still getting started but, I think their menu offers some ambitious options that have a lot of potential.
4	Echoing what everyone else has said, but yes 28GO is a interesting looking place with cool decor that goes with its robotic theme. The lighting is very dim and has a very hipster feel to it. If you take away all the decor it seems to be a small sushi joint, but suppose it works for an Asian fusion place. Seems to be a cool place to hang out with friends after classes to grab a bite.The server who was helpful, refilled my water and checked up on us dressed up in business attire which was kinda cool. Yes, the prices are slightly pricey with ramen starting @ $8/ bowl.  Stuffed waffles are priced at around $6 to $8 and come with 2 eggs. Most expensive item is the ribeye steak @ $22 and then $15 for the cold noodles with shrimp. I have only had the ramen, but I see great potential in it. To start it comes in a fancy kind of diagonally cut egg shell bowl, great presentation. I enjoyed the miso maizen soup, it was rich and had nice flavor, howeverrrrrrrrrr the soup was somewhat lukewarm. Noodles were hot enough for steam to come out, but I felt that it was overcooked. It comes with a whole egg that is cooked enough where the yolk is still very runny. Chashu (pork slices) were nice decent slices and tasted great. Personally I prefer the meatier slices here than at Monta where its the thin slices that melts in your mouth. FYI the miso maizen and sesame tonk looked almost the same, but definitely different in the soup.I am interested in coming back in the future to sample their stuffed waffles and trying the other ramen, besides it really close to campus.
2	A couple girl friends and I ventured over for lunch on our break between classes.  One of the girls heard from some of her friends that this place was "soooo good".  Well, these friends of hers have either really low standards or just don't know the difference between good, quality food and junk.All of us ordered the shoyu ribs ramen.  To say that it was disappointing would be an understatement.  The soup was luke-warm at best and it tasted almost sweet.  Ramen is supposed to be savory, so the sweet-ish soup was a major no-no.  The noodles were also sad.  It tasted like the instant stuff.  Gross.  Supposedly, their other menu items (i.e. gogi beef stuffed waffles) are supposed to be better, but that is a chance that I am not willing to take.Their decorations/furnishings were quite interesting.  The first thing we noticed upon walking in was their Transformer-like chairs.  They had some anime characters painted on the wall and had some anime show/movie playing silently on a tv.  The place was insanely dark that we were blinded when we were walking outside to leave.  It goes without saying that I definitely will not be going back.  I much rather eat Panda Express on campus.
2	I was really excited to try this place and had such high hopes but sadly.. I was super impressed. The atmosphere in this place is wonderful, small intimate and just the right amount of mood lighting. The menu is interesting in that this is a japanese fusion place so they have everything from ramen to waffles with bulgogi, I like interesting, hence the excitement, unfortunately where it really mattered they were lacking.We started with the braised pork belly slices, I was so excited and consequently somewhat let down. The flavor was good, not great but good, I prefer my pork belly a little crisp, here, the meat was soooo tender you can barely pick it up.. there was sauce and meat chucks everywhere.. lol I thought it was just me but noted that several others who tried the dish also had the same issue. I finished with sesame tonk ramen and this is where my sadness really crept in. I like my ramen savory, hot and tasty.. here it was... bleh, warm and needed more flavor. The seaweed while good overwhelmed the dish which was disappointing because that is primarily all I could taste. This place left something definetly to be desired, I may return but it will be a while and I WONT be ordering the ramen !!
5	To start off, the reviews I read I think deserved higher ratings... This place is newly opened and I have only eaten here once. The customer service was way past the greatness of any restaurant I have EVER walked into. The waiter is very easy to hold a conversation with. You can ask him anything and he is absolutely knowledgeable with all of their products. The waiter also makes sure to stop by your table often and make sure everything is to you're liking. I thought there menu was very reasonable. I've paid a little more than double for ramen that was nothing compared to theirs. As for presentation, the only thing I had was ramen ( I went about a week and a half ago and i cant remember the name. :/) and the bowl it came in was really cool. Even from the weird shape it didn't make it hard to eat out of. and the garnishes looked really awesome. I also HIGHLY recommend getting one of their fizz drinks. the peaches and cream was fab. :-) If you go I would deff try out their dried seaweed strips. Really looking forward to going back and trying their stuffed waffles. Hope you guys enjoy it as much as I did!!!
4	Don't judge the restaurant by the signage! The food is incredible! I had the Trinity Sliders (Braised Short Rib, Carmalized Onion and Tomato (marinated in lime)...it was incredible! Then I had the Braised Short Ribs has an appetizer, and they fell straight off the bone...amazingly tendor and very flavorful.  For the entree, I had a Stuffed Waffle with Melon Custard and Strawberries...soooooo goood, and it was only $7!!!!!Highly Recommended, great service and very knowledgable staff.
4	Robots and ramen! Is there any way this place could possibly suck?Well, I suppose they need to make good food. And good ramen, to be specific. On that front, I can't help you as I didn't try the ramen. I know. That was kind of the reason I went to check them out.What could have possibly distracted me from my ramen quest? When I saw that they had a sweet chicken curry stuffed waffle, I was intrigued. Based on that dish alone, I'm a fan. It was absolutely fan-freakin-delish-tastic. It's not really a stuffed waffle, but more a waffle sandwich. It comes with two eggs on the side. Inspired by Bentern, I even ate everything with just some chopsticks. That was quite the accomplishment.I suppose I'll return one day to actually try their ramen, but now I've discovered there's another anime-themed ramen place! When it rains, it pours. And it tastes like ramen broth.
4	It's a very quiet joint (at least the two times that I've gone) and it's that one main waiter that I always see there (haven't seen any other employees) but he's super friendly and attentive. A definite plus for the service.On my first visit, I got the Sesame Tonk ramen and let's just say I almost threw it up at one point.. I tried and dealt with it for awhile until I couldn't take it anymore and gave it to my friend. He agreed that something was off and I did eat something gooey that initiated the urge to throw up. I wouldn't get that flavor ever again. One of my friends had it before and he seemed fine with it though...On my second visit, I got the Gogi (bulgogi) Beef waffle and my friend got the curry waffle. It comes with 2 waffles and eggs (the sauce is pretty yummy) so my friend and I swapped one out for the other with each other. They're both pretty good, but I'm a little more biased towards the Gogi one cause I'm not a huge fan of curry. Definitely better than the ramen I had. I'm scared to try anymore of their ramen flavors, though. I do want to try their other waffle flavors. Probably next time :). The waffles range from $6-8.
4	This is great. It is everything I believe in in a restaurant. Small business, unique concept, and great food. They recently just opened and it's the general manager and the owner that does everything. I tried to get the back story on the place. The owner makes all the food himself. His background is Thai so I don't know where his background in Japanese food come. The general manager also waits on the tables. Obviously a small staff, but I think those are the ones that are the best. So service get's an A+The concept is VERY unique. It's based off anime. Now, to be honest, I absolutely hate it when people can only correlate Japanese culture to anime. It drives me nuts! But this place really carries  it well and it's not overdone. It's very techy into the future kind of feel. The walls are painted  by the owner himself with the anime cartoon Tatsugin 28Go, which is apparently one of the first cartoons to have robots. The unique concept and environment get an A+Now on to the food. I'm real picky about my Japanese food. And that's not to say it is because I only like authentic Japanese food because that's not the case. There food selection was very unique and I will be returning to try everything else, however, the sign says ramen. So I expect amazing ramen. I tried the Sesame Tonk. The broth was very thick and the sesame was a little bit over bearing. The pork in it was amazing, very tender and tasty. I tried all my other friends' food, and there's were yummmmmy. I got to try a bite of their Melon Custard Waffles and the spare ribs. Both amazing. So the food was great, but their advertised ramen was decent. They have a special daily menu you can check up on posted on their Facebook. When I went, their secret dessert was a coffee soffle. I couldn't resist, and it was AMAZING!! I would DEFINITELY recommend it to ANYONE in the area, and I plan on making this a regular visit for myself.
2	I came here with several of my co-workers hoping for fun lunch. While the decor was unique and interesting, I felt the black was a bit overdone. It also seems they designed their own chairs and they were really uncomfortable when you sit back. There is some kind of triangular design on the back and it kept digging into my lower back. It forced me to sit on the edge of my seat. Other than the interior decor, the service was prompt and friendly. But there wasn't anyone else in there at the time.Each of us got a different ramen noodle soup, an order of the waffle with korean beef, edamame, and the sliders.The edamame was awesome. Super garlicky with some good dipping sauce. The ramen unfortunately didn't live to my expectations. I had the sesame tonkatsu and the broth felt way too thick and it wasn't hot at all. Maybe room temperature. the noodles were a bit warmer but not by much. I couldn't finish the ramen because it was too thick and it wasn't appetizing because it wasn't hot. My other co-workers agreed that their ramen wasn't hot either. The waffles were okay but not something I would order. I didn't get to try the sliders but they said they were just alright.I hope for the best for this establishment but it's not a place I would return to.
4	There is a saying about taking the time to smell the roses. This is true for your food as well. Not searching for a funky or off putting scent, but instead taking the time to enjoy.The herbal chicken ramen is one of those dishes were slowly savoring is beneficial. The presentation is magnificent. It is covered as the food approaches the table. Once placed down, the lid is removed, and a cloud of fragrant aromas drifts up. A fan of medicinal soups, this one has characteristics similar to the Chinese version, but milder. It does not have the strong flavors of ginseng, tree bark, or roots. Instead, it is slightly sweet and light thanks to the dried goji berries and longans. With all the arguments for casual enjoyments aside, it should be eaten at a cautious pace since the broth is served at a temperature of over 100 degrees. The noodles are chewy and cooked to an al dente texture. The pieces of chicken were plentiful and moist. A hard boiled egg cooked medium was cut in half and laying in the soup. The center was bright yellow and runny. When dunked into the broth it cooks the yolk a little more and thickens the soup. Pairing this healthy soup with an unsweetened golden ice tea made for a lunch that does not leave the body feeling weighed down and heavy. The brewed beverage is served in a Voss bottle and comes out to three servings in their goblet. A chilled goblet nonetheless. For $11, this is a reasonable meal that will not upset the stomach or the wallet.
5	28GO... WOW! Seeing the menu and restaurant pictures online does no justice. It looks good online but it's even better in person!I was in Vegas for a company convention on the strip. 28GO was just around the corner. 5min from The Venetian right across UNLV. When we walked in it you knew it was a mind of creativity that should actually be on the Vegas strip somewhere. With Japanimation characters and designs you know you've just stepped into something uniquely original. Walls were black but the lighting was perfect to light the place up without your food being hidden in shadows. Upbeat music played while we were watching Tetsujin 28 cartoon on the flat panel. Great touch!We had several dishes which were more of a Tapas style servings. Menu was clean and easy to read and understand as oppose to "too much information". Items on the menu had some creative names which I will just let you see for yourself. They came out with these mussels that were to die for. The server Xalan was very knowledgable in the dishes and recommended us how to attack the dish. "please use the spoon for the sauce with the mussels, it's excellent. Every dish that came out he had a suggestion along with letting us know how it was prepared and what to expect. I guarantee that you will enjoy the minor to major difference in the "Fusion" of foods and flavor.28GO is a restaurant that belongs in the center of attention and because of how creative they are, they can express more of what they have to offer to the public eye. Great job guys and keep the ideas going!
4	Robots and ramen.In my mind, little else is needed for a satisfying food experience, but this is what you go in for in coming here, and this is what you will get.I like the vibe of this place.  Subdued, with muted colors, and decent, unobtrusive music.  Oh yes, and that whole "robot" thing.  There are some great illustrations of mechs and robots that adorn the walls, all the while, some "Ultraman" movie was playing on the monitor.  I was secretly in love before I ordered.But the food is no slouch, either.  I ordered the beef ramen, and was served a HUGE, artsy bowl full of savory noodles, chunks of meat, and pieces of egg.  And every bite was quite satisfying, and I ate until quite full.The prices were also respectable.  You get what you pay for, and the service was super nice, even though we were a larger crowd.My only confusion was the bathroom.  I had flashbacks of my experiences of Tao when I walked up to the bathroom and was greeted with fancy symbols instead of "Men's" and "Women's".  This must be a new sort of trend in dining puzzles: Solve the riddle of the restaurant to be granted access to the temples of fortune, glory, and the ability to pee.  I'm going to blow the roof off of this by saying it's the weird symbol of the pseudo stick-man who looks like he may be standing to pee.  I expect government agents to show up at my door to dispose of me and bury my body in the desert within days of this review for revealing the code.It's an overall excellent place with good food, nice staff, and a great idea in overall design.  I will definitely find an excuse to frequent this place again, whenever I find myself in their neighborhood once more.
4	I'm not sure how long it will be able to stay in business, it's always pretty empty when I've gone in, but the food isn't too bad.I decided to be adventurous and ordered the bulgogi waffle, and my girlfriend went the safe route and ordered the plain waffle and eggs. I'd never had waffles served like it before, but I think it was a good change and I enjoyed the sweet and salty combo. If you can get past the strange decor and dim lighting, the food is well-priced and tasty.
4	Robots, mash-ups, funny bathroom signs, and oh yeah - good food and service!My lunch buddy Myke and I decided to go here after a long time absent from lunching near campus.  We used to go to Sushi Boy Desu so we had to finally check out the new spot.  We noticed the same uncomfortable chairs were kept and repainted, but that place had a black and white vibe and the oddly light wood sushi bar remained as a counter spot.I ordered Thai iced tea and Myke had a coke.  The "amuse" was a spicy gingery brown sugar tea in little glasses served via dipping sauce dish.  It was interesting - I have never had an amuse drink!I had the gogi stuffed waffles with eggs over easy and Myke got the shoyu ribs ramen.  I liked the idea of mine (eggs cooked perfectly, and it had scallions!) but I don't usually eat waffles or even pancakes with syrup and butter, but they were poured all over the top of my waffles rather than served on the side (not mentioned on menu).  I think this would have been better just plain with the bulgogi inside and then condiments on the side (there was a side of sweet and sour sauce too but I didn't use it or know what it was for).  I ended up breaking the yolks up, pouring the syrup off my waffles and then dipping them in the eggs.One of the servers brought us togarashi and wasabi lime salt so I sprinkled it on my waffles (I think it was for Myke's ramen).  He was happy with the ramen (served at 165 degrees) but said it was too much food! :)It was definitely a unique experience and we got a punch card for our next visits.  "Hapi" hour is 9-11AM Monday through Thursday, and you can get 20% off your entire check.  The menu is more extensive than the web site indicated so I am intrigued by some of the tapas dishes and will try them eventually!
2	I walk by this place all the time, love the decor but its always empty. I tried the chicken ramen soup and the ramen was good but the broth was sweeter than I prefer. Overall I was disappointed with  the great location they should really cover the basics and have a more authentic menu rather than the fusion. There is not a decent place in the area  to get thai or pho soup, wish they had it!!
5	How have I forgotten to write a review for this place?!I discovered 28Go here on Yelp and brought the wife out for dinner one night, we have been hooked since the first moment we stepped in. Xalan is the extremely personable, attentive and knowledgeable half of the ownership duo that works in the dining room.Any questions we had about their offerings were answered with confidence and (we would confirm) absolute truth. The wife asked how the ribs were prepared, and were they good. Most restaurants would say they were great, get them because they are a nice profit item. Xalan recommended them and said "they fall off the bone". Sure enough, as she picked up a bone of rib, the meat started sliding off of the bone! Over the weekend, I finally broke away from my stuffed waffle run at 28GO. On Facebook, they post up their "secret menu items" ie specials. Friday's was a filet mignon with potato cake and grilled asparagus. The wife and I introduced another friend to the 28GO goodness, who happens to be a chef in training, so we hoped our recommendation would go over well.After perusing the menu, all three of us decided on the special. Holy delicious goodness!  The filet was so tender, when paired on a fork with the potatoes, it was difficult to discern where the potato and filet were in the mouth. The flavors were so perfect, and the presentation was great too.All of us were extremely impressed, and our friend could not have been more impressed either. The meal was good enough I had 2, was going to go for 3, but we don't have a bank account big enough to fill me up with filet mignon.This was the first time we followed up our meal with dessert, and were equally impressed. There was a bowl of melon custard brulee and a waffle topped with ice cream and rainbow mochi bites. There was nothing left on any plate by the time we left.And yes, the bathroom signs are HILARIOUS! A nice added touch of comedy for the patrons.We have been back a few times, and can't wait to go back again. Xalan remembers our first names as soon as we walk in the door, and asks if we want our "regular" table even. These two cousins have gotten the execution of their idea perfect. I hope more people eat there, and keep them around, so I have a great restaurant to enjoy and tell my friends about.
5	The food is unusual and seems to be designed for those with a bit of adventurousness.Las Vegas has difficulty embracing anything that isn't a chain with a hamburger menu so I worry that this treasure will be lost to us.I've been there twice and intend to return as often as possible. It's not a place for your daily meal but a lovely place for a special occasion. Prices are reasonable, service excellent and presentation - wow!
5	If you are looking for a place to compare apples to apples and oranges to oranges then this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for something truly unique and different then the typical places in Vegas then this IS the place for YOU.  What can I say... reasonable prices, excellent customer service and the food taste, quality, and presentation is amazing.  The items on the menu are very inventive and well thought out...combining the perfect flavor and texture to each item along with eye popping presentations.  This is the kind of food you go to Cali for and wish they would move to Vegas.  This place is a must go!!!  Thanks 28GO!
4	Today was the 3rd time I've been to 28GO.  I've been meaning to write the review weeks ago, but I've been behind on my Yelping.Right away I must recommend everyone try their Golden Tea; it's unique, delicious, and healthy.  It's nutty and sweet, if you try it you won't miss having a sugary soft drink.  For food, I highly recommend any of the Ramen dishes.  I've had the Miso Mazin and the Herbal Chicken, both were excellent.  The stars I'm giving 28GO is an average of the 3 visits.  The second time I was there I tried one of their stuffed waffles, and they were very bland.  A 2 star dish, I personally think they should remove the waffle section from their menu. That's just my opinion; I won't order them again. The Ramen dishes are all 5 star.  The Herbal Chicken brought back long forgotten memories of soup my grandmother used to make.  The dish has a unique balance of sweet and savory, almost predominantly sweet but in a good way.  If you're not used to the flavor you may not like it as much as me.  If you order any of the Ramen dishes, don't order any other food dishes unless you're extremely hungry or dining with someone else.  It's a lot of food.I tried one of their tapas dishes, the Belly Rice.  It definitely wasn't tapas sized, a lot of food, and a uniquely tasty flavor combination.  I ordered it and the Miso Mazin Ramen together, and was forced to gorge myself to discomfort because I was raised not to let food go to waste.  I recommend 28GO.***** Best music I've ever experienced in a restaurant.
4	Stopped by here for lunch and I'm definitely going to keep it in my rotation.  I love that they give you a little amuse drink at the beginning.  Very unique and cute.  I had the grilled tofu salad and the chicken curry stuffed waffles.  The grilled tofu salad was excellent.  I loved the citrusy dressing and the grilled tofu.  My only criticism is that they put it on a very small place and I couldn't keep all the salad on the plate.  I think I saw an entree size version of this salad on the menu, too.  I'll definitely have to get that sometime.  More is better.The chicken curry stuffed waffles were more sweet than savory.  The chicken curry did not have a very strong curry flavor and the syrup was overpowering.  I ended up flipping over the waffles and eating the backside that did not have any syrup.  But the eggs were good and the homemade "ketchup" was a nice touch.  It's more like sweet and sour sauce, not ketchup but whatever.  The music varied quite a bit, which amused me.  There was some Christmas song I had never heard before that kept going on about Jesus.  Then a hard rock song in a foreign language.  Then Sarah McLachlan.  The dude next to me started singing "Angel" outloud.  Good times.Service was excellent.  There was only one server for the whole place it seemed but he handled everything very adeptly.  He also brought the check out in a very cute standing frame which I considered stealing and then thought better of it. :)  Great place, love the anime theme.  I'll be back to try the ramen!
5	This is seriously one of the most amazing restaurants I have ever been to, and I want to shout from the rooftops how spectacular it is. My husband and I came here after having an awful time finding a place to eat - I noticed it a few times going to other haunts around the location, but in our desperate search for decent late-night grub we decided to check it out, and we are both extremely glad we did. We perused the menu after being seated and only noticed a couple of possibly vegan items, and mentioned to our server (later we found out it was the one of the owners, whose name I have rudely forgotten) that we were vegan, and he asked us our restrictions and came back a minute later pointing us to different items on the menu, then also came out before we ordered and told us the chef could make us a special dish - kimchi fried rice. That sounded ridiculously legit, so we obliged. First up was a little amuse bouche which was a spicy-ginger nutmeg tea with agave which was quite lovely, and we were told it is very good for you in the winter months. I thought this was a nice touch to the beginning of a great meal. Then we had one of the best edamame dishes I have ever had - there was a garlic sauce with wasabi sea salt. I could have drank the garlic sauce by itself it was so delicious! We actually kept a little of it for our next serving of our grilled tofu salad, to which we dipped the tofu in. The breading on the tofu was fabulous, it was the perfect portion size, and very delicious. Finally came our special dish, the kimchi fried rice served in a really cool bowl with a hot sauce that my husband beyond-adored, and two slices of kiwi on top. The taste is really difficult to pin down, but both of us cleaned our bowls. It was a large serving. Throughout the meal our server was very attentive but not disruptive, and he really seemed to enjoy our feedback on the food. This restaurant also by far has the best soundtrack ever, and it's all of their own stuff - I heard everything from Snoop Dogg to Linkin Park to The Sound of Music. Eclectic, beautiful, and it somehow just all works together - the perfect way to also describe this place. I will most definitely be back. The service was top-notch, the food was terrific, and the price was very fair. It will be very hard to decide between our now three favorites in that same shopping center, but I will return again, most likely with some  friends! Thank you 28GO for turning my frown upside down!
4	Give me a moment as I take a minute to reboot my senses after a shockwave of audio, visual and stimulatory pleasures.  The glorified trifecta of Voltron, Stuffed Waffles and Bionic Restrooms make 28GO a prototype perfection in its own class!  The grub was GunDam delicious.. it was like Asian flavor meets Soul Food.  I definitely suggest the Gogi Stuffed Waffles with the Watermelon Cream Soda.  They also have perfectly infused their own homemade catsup which was off the wall!  Though I rattle n' rave about 28, I was so desperate to give them 5 Stars.  There were a few things that I would've expected in the execution of the only Mecha/Ramen joint in Vegas.  The place seemed too "elegant" for an anime themed restaraunt, I would've expected an array of 4D Giant Robo eyecandy other than what was painted on the walls, there should've been a larger screen playing anime  and the prices were fair but considering that 28 is located right accross UNLV, college students might settle for microwavable ramen... although, the kind waiter did mention that they will be serving alcohol in the near future, a five star worthy addition!
5	Just as I promised from my last review.. 5 Star Worthy!  It has just been about a week  ago since I last hit 28 when the waiter said that they would be serving alcohol in the near future.  Well it looks like the future came sooner than later!  I came back to 28, for some rainy day Ramen, and to my surprise, the waiter remembered my name, what I ordered last and that they finally serve alcohol! ..mostly imported beers and sake.  The second time around my party and I started with some soothing golden tea, the fruity mango cream fizz and blue mussels.  The Blue Mussels were drenched in a puddle of creamy sauce which "crazy good" was its main ingredient.  For our rainy day ramen, we had my fave Shoyu Ribs and the slightly sweet, Herbal Chicken Ramen.  The Herbal Chicken was combined with (from what I remember), Lychee and Pine Nuts which complimented the soup very well... it's a sick day kinda' soup.  The waiter encouraged us to try their spicy sauce from scratch, which I suggest is a good condiment for any Ramen.  The Melon Creme Brulee was our finisher.  I'm pretty sure the creme brulee was pre-made, but none the less, the dessert was bangin"!The menu items are interestingly different enough to keep coming back!
4	What a fun place! The decor is super neat and the service is unbelievably friendly.  We dropped in for lunch and sat at the bar.  I enjoyed a refreshing and zingy passion fruit cream fizz soda.  What a delight! Hubby went for some hot jasmine sake.  It was very floral and definitely a unique departure from your average box stuff.  Our server said they infuse it in house.  We shared a seared tofu salad to start.  It had 4 large pieces of tofu with a sweet crispy outside.  The romaine was fresh and coated with an extremely citrusy and light dressing.  It was topped off with some diced tomatoes.  It was tasty an light...I would have it again.  I had the short rib ramen.  The noodles were delightful with a bit of chewiness.  The broth was sweet but very well bodied and flavorful.  Sake, fancy soda, salad and 2 ramens - $25.  Not bad for a fun lunch!  If you are looking for something different served with a kitchy smile...this is the place to go! I'll be back to explore more of the creative menu.  Note: they do offer a punch card for repeat visitors.  Not entirely sure what the payoff is but I know we've got a lot of punches!
5	This place is amazing! The atmosphere is great, so unique, we thoroughly enjoyed everything! The sake fizz cocktails were delicious and you must try one. The staff was so polite and knowledgeable and very accommodating.We tried a little of everything, and the flavors and presentation scored a 10!
3	Let me first say the service here is amazing! The GM, Xalan, is super friendly, helpful and very attentive. I usually say, it's all about the food, and don't consider service when rating these places, but this place was an exception.I ordered the kim chee ramen, which was bland and needed fish sauce/salt; based on Yelp photos, I ordered the ribs, which were literally fall off the bone and pretty tasty; and the ahi poke...also good. I also ordered their special dessert, which was a coconut square with vanilla ice cream and a strawberry sauce. The vanilla ice cream hit the spot, but the coconut square was basically just coconut jello. The passion fruit fizz was my favorite, so I'd recommend getting that for your drink!
5	Unassuming restaurant with a delicious and inventive menu. If you love pork belly then you must check this place out!
3	28GO! What does that mean anyways? ha. The place is actually nice. I'm not sure if they're trying to go with a lounge feel but i think if they're going to start doing well, they'll need more tables! It is very spacious and since it use to be a sushibar (darn it!) the sushi cases still exsist but is decorated with alcohol, haha. The best part of the restaurant is the awesome service you'll get, which other yelpers will tell you enough so i won't talk about it here. On with the food, my favoriet is the yellow fin Tuna Poke, it looks nice and tastes as good as it looks with my favoriet sesami oil and a mixture of salad, seeweed and wonton crisps. Their desserts are pretty good, make sure you ask about their secret desert ;) And I've also tried their grilled shrimp and tofu salad. A bit pricy for what i received in my opinion but pretty tasty with a strong lemon zest. Their garlic mussels were Awesome! Their Kimchi Ramen needs to be in a better bowle, and not the tipped one they use for everything else..Since they're a lounge/bar feel their menues are limited... If you eat anything, I recommend this place, if you're a vegetarian like me they have a few choices and you'll servive. but with all their vegetable plates being pretty good, its too bad they don' t have more selections! They now have a ladies special mon-fri (i think) so I may go back to try some of that!
3	I was disappointed by 28GO. I had really high hopes after seeing the stellar Yelp reviews. 28GO was good, but not as good as I had hoped. Though may be due to what we ordered. I definitely want to give it another chance because there were some high points. We got the gogi beef stuffed waffles. I was underwhelmed. The waffle was undercooked and the bulgogi only so-so.We also ordered the belly rice. It was rich, salty, and super tender. The richness of the belly slices was balanced with a sweet citrus sauce. This was an awesome dish; yum!!We also had the Seafood Kimchee ramen. It was good but needed more heat (temp and spice).To drink we had watermelon and peach cream fizzes. Both were refreshing, sweet drinks.
5	Amazingly creative and very affordable asian tapas.I wandered in here on a whim for a quick drink while waiting for a colleague, and was blown away by the pork belly. Perfect texture and flavor, incredibly creative spicing, gorgeous plating, all for less than a standard app at a chain.  Chef Ty came out and we chatted for a bit.On the next visit, we just asked for whatever he and the amazing server wanted to send out. The food was not only of excellent quality, but some of the most creative and inventive asian fusion I've seen. Too often, 'fusion' is just code for 'we threw some random flavors together,' but the chef is clearly an incredibly adventourous and talented man, and the entire restaurant is obviously a labor of love that's just fun to share in.Like anything truly creative, the occasional dish may not work perfectly for you, but that's part of the charm of witnessing the experimentation. The prices are so reasonable, it's worth delving broadly across the menu.
4	The melon custard and strawberry stuffed waffles were to DIE for!!! Best ever. Also had the spiced braised pork slices....wow!!! Tiny new spot on Maryland Pkwy behing cafe rio
4	Props to Matt C and Adina for introducing me to this little gem of a place.  If you blink, you'll miss this new joint in the University Gardens (it replaced Sushi Boy Desu), due to it's understated signage.  But you don't want to miss it! It's so good!They specialize in crazy robot food (chicken curry or bulgogi stuffed waffles) and ramen, but are generally a sort of Asian-fusion place. There are very few vegan options on the menu, but they are good.  The edamame are served with a deliciously addictive sesame-soy sauce, and the fried tofu salad is light and refreshing.  If the chef has the ingredients and is feeling generous, he make you vegan version of the Kimchee Fried Rice.  It's spicy, tangy, toothsome, and all-around amazing.  One of the most interesting and creative dishes I've had in a long time, and now I crave it all the time!If you call ahead and make arrangements, I believe that they will make some special vegan things for you too! I have yet to have the foresight to do that..... although I did get a special vegan miso ramen (with rice noodles) one night. They have a few beer and sake options and some house-made fruity/creamy drinks as well as tea (served in a large pot - no skimping here).  They do some happy hour and ladies' night specials as well.  Fun atmosphere (they play old anime on the tv and have robots painted on the wall) and good service, reasonable prices.  I just wish they'd add all of the special vegan things they CAN do to the regular menu!
5	Yummy food n cold beers : )
3	I've been wanting to try their cream fizzes for a while now, and managed to go a few weeks ago. My friend and I sat at the bar area and a very nice fellow came over and helped us out.I got the watermelon cream fizz and my friend got the guava cream fizz. On first sip, my fizz was bursting with watermelon flavor! Then as I drank more, the sweetness started overpowering my palate and all I could taste was sugary fizzy liquid. I tried my friend's drink, but perhaps because I was drinking mine I couldn't really discern the guava flavor in his drink.I would say that this place has a nice casual atmosphere. It seems like a great place to go for a bite after work or school.
5	I originally planned to go to Stefano's next door but decided last minute to check this place out. Everytime I walked past this place, I always thought it was a sushi restaurant (probably because it used to be one). I was seated at the bar and took my time to look at the menu. They had really unique and creative dishes that would usually be found in an upscale joint. Filet mignon for a bunch of college students? I must admit that is cool. I ended up ordering this salad with lime vinaigrette dressing and agave nectar drizzled on top of the tofu. Awesome. The lime was perfectly tart, just as I like it. The combination of sweetness from the nectar and acidity of the lime was divine. I also got the edamame with wasabi salt and garlic soy dip. Again, good stuff. Coffee creme brulee was my dessert of choice. Excellent. Next time, I'm trying the melon creme brulee. The server and the owner were very nice and told me that they could accommodate my vegetarian needs the next time I drop by. This made me super happy. I will return with more people!
5	My family ordered several dishes to share.  Braised pork belly was delicious and practically melt in your mouth.  Grilled ribs was tasty and tender.  Salad with sliced strawberries was nice and refreshing.  Sangria and sake were smooth and went well with the meal.  Thumbs up for rainbow mochi ice cream roll.  Impressed with the unique juicy pearl fizz drink.  Great service.  Comfy place.  Different and enjoyable.  Love it.
5	Words can't describe how much I adore this place, but I will certainly try! (Warning: I get gushy about places I like).This place kind of has things I hate going for it.. I don't like Asian fusion, and upon first glance the Japanese robot theme can seem gimmicky. But instead what I got was a delightful dining experience, dishes worthy of a fancy restaurant, and one of my new favorite places to eat when visiting Vegas.+ Service was wonderful. All our dishes were presented beautifully and explained as they were delivered to the table.+ Meal was a surprise and delight. Delicious tapas, waffles, ramen, and many other choices make me want to come back for sure. I had the bulgogi (Korean marinated beef) and waffle and ahi tuna salad. The concoctions are extremely unique and well-balanced.+ The drinks were delightful - both the strawberry fanta float and the white peach cream fizz were drinks I'm still dreaming about.
1	too expensive, crappy service, and crappy food.
5	Insanely good. Dont leave wo the lettuce wraps. Amazing food, personal service, incredible prices!
5	Thoughtfully prepared food. Very attentive service from manager and chef.
5	I love the filet mignon, very tender. I love all the menu i have tried. rib v. thighs. try it out. if you're looking for something different.
5	One of my new favorite places for lunch! This little gem is right across the street from UNLV. I've been there twice and was very impressed with the different things my friend and I tried. I would highly recommend their crab cake sliders, ribs and UN-gyoza. Absolutely delicious! I would also recommend their Blueberry beer and their pearl drinks. They are my new weakness!
5	Mind blowingly AMAZING restaurant. gorgeous ambiance, music, waitstaff is super nice and friendly... I don't even know where to start with the food ... stuffed waffles and ramen and a delicious sake margarita.... SO SO DELICIOUS! all handmade sauces and infused salts... seriously I would be in trouble if they opened in my town... I'd be there everyday!  Please go here and keep them open so when i return someday for a visit I can eat this deliciousness again.
4	Buddy of mine, who attends UNLV, raves about this place all the time. So when i found myself hanging out with him on the east side of town, i figured why the hell not.The beer pong table is pretty bad ass. It was designed by UNLV engineering students and features tubes powered by air streams that run the ball through water or what ever solution they use to rinse the ball and after it goes on it's cleaning journey it emerges dry and floating awaiting for you to air ball it again. Fizz sodas are pretty good. Damn good thing i didnt order with boba no clue what it would have been like to have a fizzy peach flavored soft drink with chewy starch balls in them. Bulgogi Waffles - Pretty damn good if not on the salty side from the bulgogi beef. Would have preferred it with syrup on the side so i can control how much sweetness. When i had it, it could have used a hell of a lot more sweetness. I asked the waiter for some Go-ketchup as they claim they make their own sauce in house. Turns out what i thought was apricot preserves WAS the ketchup. Whoops. Why didnt i put the ketchup on my waffle to balance out the saltyness you may ask? i did, would have liked it with more syrupBBQ Ribs - forgot what the menu called them but these here damn tender to the bone which has me a bit worried that they were boiled first but even if it was oh well! great grilled flavor to sauce flavor ratio. Enough to split between two people without any awkward moments of gallantry.Cheese Cake of Dreams - VERY interesting take on cheese cake, instead of an actual slice of cake or a square oc cake it was three scoops of cheese cake filling on a foundation of crumbled gram cracker crust. very interesting take on the traditional cheese cake. Personally i would have  liked some vanilla bean flavors but that's just me. One of these days if i find myself back in the area i'd love to go back to 25GO and try more of the tapas menu.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped in on a slow Tuesday.I love the decor and the theme of the restaurant. the Beerpong table is really cool too. The bathrooms are super clean too. The service is really super friendly!Onto the most important part... the food!STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND GO TRY THE 'SOYBEANS'. This was seriousness the best the tastiest appetizer i have ever tried, ever. It is essentially edamame with a twist; no kosher salt, but rather lime wasabi salt and a garlicky soy sauce. The dipping sauce is a-freaking-mazing. I crave this dish. I also tried the pork sliders, and that was pretty amazing. I wish there was just a little bit more of their AMAZING house hot sauce. The buns for the sliders were re purposed hot dog buns. I was not sure if I loved the buns or not, but the pork was awesome. I also tried the Ungyoza, which is a fusion of Gyoza and Ravioli. It tasted really good too. For dessert, I had the White Rabbit Roll, which was plated really cool (all the plates looked like they came off an episode of Iron Chef). It was really good (don't get me wrong), but I have some suggestions to improve this roll. Its extremely white and the sauce is really good, but add some classic ice cream like toppings to make it look more like a sushi roll. Give it a splash of color!Another awesome dish was the curry waffle. Really awesome if you like to confuse your taste buds!On another trip we went traditional and got Ramen (shoyu). The pork, egg and broth were awesome. I think the fusion dishes are more impressive (not saying that the Ramen was bad, it's just that the fusion items are amazing)Pretty much the best Japanese fusion place I have tried. At least do yourself a favor and try their ''edamame'/soybean'. For a new restaurant, it's pretty amazing. However, it still have room to improve. Adding more to the menu, fine tuning some of the menu items, 'finalizing a menu' (when you see the menu you'll know what I mean) and expanding their advertising.EDIT: I talked to the owner and he said that the shipment did not come in for the buns, so he was being creative and used hot dog buns instead for that day. Also, the owner is really nice!
4	This establishment offers artfully presented, quality food, at incredibly reasonable prices. The service was attentive and they did not rush us! Overall a positive experience. The only thing I will say is, I feel that they could make better use of their seating areas. There is not much room for seating, I feel that the area they do have could be used much more efficiently. Otherwise, great little hidden gem in the university area!
5	28go is another example of those places most people will never come across if it wasn't for yelp.Tucked away across the street from UNLV in the University Garden's shopping center, this little is one of the best kept secrets of the area. Its hard to categorize the place, I guess its an asian fusion sushi joint with some appeal to college age kids... I also have no clue as to what the name means.They serve waffles (yeah... waffles lol) stuffed with various meats and ingredients like bulgogi, and a random assortment of fruits. They have a great soybean dish along with the some delicious bbq ribs. Alot of their menu is tapas style where you order a couple of small dishes that add up to one big meal (or 1 big check), but I think the food is really worth checking out. They do have a happy hour though I forgot to check on the time for it.Now.. the big reason I come here is for the drinks! This place has some awesome deals on the alchy. 2 Sake bombs for $5!? CHEAP! and its good beer too! Sapparo! On top of that they have this amazing beer pong table. The beer pong table is pretty bad ass! It was built by UNLV engineering students and has these tubes that are powered by air streams that run the ball through water and then it pops out all clean and hovers over the table! Did I mention that a pitcher for Sapparo beer for the game is only $12?? So worth it.
5	FANTASTIC! Always a delicious meal!  I love their drinks!Also....they have the COOLEST BEER PONG TABLE EVER!! Server told me a local who recently graduated from Cornell built it.
4	Definitely a little gimicky...but you know what....the food is good and it all works fine....hole in the wall type joint that keeps it simple, yet is on the border of trying to do much...but its all good.... its not rocket science, and its not the typical izakaya.... sure its not Kappo Honda or Hondaya, but for Vegas.... its a nice spot....Food & Service are great...will come back someday.
4	Went here with a friend on a whim last night and had a blast.  Nice that it happens to be on the direct path to Favorites from my house.  There was only one other party in when we arrived at about 8:30 and they didn't stay long so we had the whole place to ourselves.  We started with a pitcher of Sapporo.  It's $15 or $12 with a UNLV ID, although they did accept my CSN ID.Our server, Jiame, seemed overly nervous, which was kind of cute and made for good service.  My friend proclaimed him to be, "Best Server In The World."  Now that was quite a statement but at a minimum he was a pretty nice guy.EDAMAMEThe menu lists this as, 'Soy Beans.'  Hands down this was the best I've ever had.  It comes with some sort of bad ass dipping sauce, tasted like BBQ with soy sauce, yum.  It arrives unsalted but they do provide a couple of house prepared spiced salts which were good.LETTUCE WRAPSThe menu lists this as, 'Let Us Raps.'  Ha ha, would have been better if they were served with a verse.  28GO, you have full permission to use the following verse that  I have hastily prepared in honor of this dish:Meat on lettuceLettuce with meatWrapped up so tasty, nice and neat!These were good but when I think of lettuce wraps I think of PF Chang's, and well, these were not as good as PF Chang's.  No biggie though.MIXED SEAFOOD KIMCHI RAMENJiame warned us that this dish would be served at 169 degrees, ha ha, I didn't bring my own thermometer to verify this claim but it was indeed quite hot.  The mussels were good as were the shrimp, could have used a few more in the dish though.  I really like kimchi by itself and I think the broth dilutes the flavor a little but it was still a good dish.I look forward to returning to try the waffles and the beer pong table!
5	Since I am now the Duchess of 28 GO, I figured I should update my review...This is one of my favorite restaurants, hand down!The owner is incredibly nice, and waitstaff is quick. The owner knows me by name now and is always happy to see me and my boyfriend! I love the decor and the movies they show on the flat screen. Now on to the food!Sweet chicken curry waffles- If you like to confuse your taste buds, this is the dish. Savory and sweet! Comes with eggs and even better, their homemade ketchup which is THE WORLDS MOST AMAZING KETCHUP EVER. When I order this I lick the ketchup cup! Soy beans- STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND GO EAT THIS. NOW. It's amazing! I get it every single time I go. I crave the crap out of this simple dish!! It is essentially edamame with a twist; no kosher salt, but rather lime wasabi salt and a garlicky soy sauce. The dipping sauce is a-freaking-mazing.UnGyoza- 'Imagine if a Gyoza and a ravioli had yummy babies' Blue Crab Sliders- Oh man, crab-cake goodness with a spicy tangy sauce...YES. This dish has a very special flavor. This restaurant is the ONLY place I like WasabiBelly rice- Hard to describe how this tastes...but if you like Spam Musubi, you will probably like this. The white rabbit (mochi ice cream roll)- Can be made VEGAN upon request. I really like it!Tea- I brought my mom here and she loooved the tea!
3	Me and friend stopped one night because Fukumimi was closed.  I guess it was a slow night because there was only one other group in there.  I must say I love the decor because it reminds of being in a Japanese Anime.  We ordered the ungyoza for appetizers (ehh ok) and since it was a cold night we both ordered ramen.  The ramen was really greasy and it tasted a bit like the ones you buy in a package.  I will probably give this place another try sometime in the future.
5	Right now this is my spot! Might also add my Mums favorite spot too!On Maryland between Tropicana and Harmon. Across from In & Out, in the same shopping center with Yayos Tacos (three doors down from YT), Cafe Rio & Einsteins.Have come here at least 12 times in the last three months, honestly I really just need any excuse for some mango/coconut fizz drinks, short ribs and amazing service. Below is everything I can remember having so far.**********grilled ribs **********twice cooked and grilled to perfection - I award this first dish the BEST short ribs in the city. A MUST ORDER. Fall off the bone delicious and only what $8? Craftsteak & SHe have nothing on these.                                                     *trinity sliders trio sliders of braised pork, spicy caramelized onions and lime marinated tomatoes - Tomatoes? I don't eat tomatoes AT ALL but I trust these guys so much and everything has been so good I left them on and guess what? It was delicious.                                                  *let us rap romaine lettuce wraps of tender pulled pork tossed in our 28Q sauce topped with house pickled onions and carrots - This was pretty good but i wouldn't suggest it unless you really like pulled pork.                                                                            *blue crabcake sliders trio sliders of blue crabcakes, lime tomatoes and wasabi-lime aioli                                     - Get these every time along with the ribs. Never fail, always a good amount and always delicious.*belly rice a brick of steamed rice topped with braised pork belly, seaweed and green onions with our signature belly sauce - Flavorful.                                                       *28GO Roll warm pork belly, grilled scallions rolled in whole kimchee leaves- I think they house brine the kimchee? If that's what you call it. I think this is called something else referring to "raviolis" on the menu? Different but good. If you like kimchee do it.*28GO Rice rice, sesame oil, hot28, aioli, sesame seeds seaweed mix, green onions- Good.*mignon skewers grilled filet mignon and portabella mushroom skewers cabernet-balsamic reduction, wasabi aioli- Good.                              *rainbow mochi ice cream roll vanilla ice cream rolled with mochi quilt served with green tea creme anglaise dip - Probably three regular mochis chopped up, SO YUMMY! Rainbow and the dip is good! Served with powdered sugar too!           *coffe creme brulee - Yummmmmmmm!!!Last visit was last night with mom. Two orders of short ribs, one order of crab cakes, one pork belly rice, one rainbow mochi & one fizz drink = $42.50? Before tip. Amazing food for the price.One of the places I would prefer to keep to myself but I would also like to see other people enjoy their food too. So here it goes yelp! You're welcome!
5	I finally got a chance to visit this hidden gem a couple of days ago and was not disappointed.  I had a bit of time before an evening rehearsal, so I wended my way to the rather nondescript entrance and was cheerily greeted by the nice server.  It was happy hour when I arrived, but I was the only patron there.  (20% off all food during HH!)  I was super hungry and craving a steak....lo and behold, there was a filet mignon on the menu.  Sold.  My medium rare steak was juicy and tender and infused with a balsamic-cabernet reduction -- YUM.  The accompanying rice and side salad (delicious lime vinaigrette dressing) were also good: light, fresh, and polite enough to yield center stage to the steak.  The interior of 28GO was designed by the chef and from the look of it, I know I'd like this person.  Funky, a touch of geeky, with a good splash of humour, this little restaurant is one I hope succeeds beyond its wildest dreams.  I enjoyed seeing the various board games on the bar top, as well as the beautiful Asian-inspired art inlaid into the same.I am returning to check out the actual tapas menu.....maybe even tonight!  :)
4	Back when I was at UNLV this was a sushi bar, so I walked in here ready for some sushi.  Instead I got greeted by a co-worker from my job (whose boyfriend happens to be the owner/cook).  Like others have said the decor was very anime like, very techy cool.  I was only planning on eating a small meal, so this asian-fusion place was perfect.  I had two things the blue crabcake sliders that were outstanding, followed by the kimchee chicken melt that was very good as well.  They had a good, but limited beer selection.  The wine list was small but had some nice selections. I will come back to this little spot in the very near future so that I can try more of the menu and for sure the crabcake sliders again.
5	AMAZING tapas! Ramen seafood soup base of kimchee/miso is hearty and delicious. The crabcake sliders were our favorite.  28go roll, sweet chicken curry waffle were fused with delicious flavors. The white rabbit dessert was so satisfying.  This restaurant has a sign that does not represent the upscale food served in an offbeat location. Its only a matter of time that it will find a perfect home in one of the Casinos. I look forward to going back soon and often. The young lady whom served us was very friendly too. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for different, but excellent taste of flavors.
4	I went to 28GO Monday evening for a UYE 5 course vegan dinner that was a farewell dinner for Jen F. who's leaving Las Vegas and moving to Milwaukee, WI.  (Go figure!)  :)  She arranged with the chef at 28GO to make a Prix Fixe dinner of five courses.  I'll use the chef's descriptions:Course 1:  This was called Popeye's Revenge and was a spinach roll dressed with spicy garlic sesame and laced with sweet balsamic-soy glaze done to look like cuts of a sushi roll.  Tasty mushrooms in the spinach. good seasoning, and the plating was very well done.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#pKPj_Y4VjqiYU6s9sDYzGgCourse 2: This was a tofu poke martini which was lightly seared tofu cubes tossed in sesame-soy wasabi oil atop a seaweed salad mix.  It was a martini because the presentation was in a martini glass.  The tofu was excellent--a nice crisp outside and great tasting dressing. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#XygDeqRJb33GticwMFhMoACourse 3: This course was named grilled vegetable Napoleon with a blue agave glazed grilled assorted vegetables with cabernet vinaigrette and tamarind-miso paint.  The vegetables were eggplant, onions, and bell pepper and it was plated beautifully to resemble the layers in a Napoleon.  Again, seasoning was well done.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#tz7L0Wj-nOMw9xZPq63BkwCourse 4: 28Gp kimchee o-nigiri which is the house kimchee rice triangles with portabella mushrooms and salt cured cold tofu.  This was my favorite of the night.  I really liked the spiciness of the rice and the salt with the tofu was superb!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#1ttjaX7efdZkIM2ObksT8wCourse 5: White Rabbit is made from imported Thai coconut milk ice cream rolled inside a white mochi quilt.  The ice cream was very flavorful and the quilt was tasty, too!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/28go-the-restaurant-las-vegas?select=_sAqDGLULvhcj9kjhfKS8A#GYCMqWYG39oSp5RXEo_f6wIn addition, I had for a drink a 28GO coconut cream fizz with tapioca pearls.  This is a non-alcoholic drink that was refreshing and added to the meal.The food was excellent, the plating was well thought out given the names for the dishes, and service was excellent!  I found the meal filling and I'd really like to go back and try the place again.  I thought the meal was a bit pricey given there was no animal protein and even organic vegetables wouldn't merit the price we paid.The restaurant is a small place behind the Rebel Book Store across Maryland Parkway from campus.  Monday night was a great evening.  There was no one else there besides the 10 of us for awhile.Good luck, Jen.
4	This was our very first stop after driving up from Phoenix, and we arrived hungry! I was driving so I stuck with a delicious thai tea while my husband and friends had sake bombers. We were all pretty happy to start our vacation, and I really enjoyed being in such a unique place.On to the food-- I got the seared tofu salad which was better than expected. I thought the tofu slices would only be lightly cooked, but they were similar to agedashi tofu which I love. The 28go rice was very good and different. All the seaweed added to the dish gave it a pleasant fishy taste, something I miss since going veg.The guys started with the grilled ribs which were unanimously loved. Our friends also enjoyed their trinity sliders, but my husband wasn't that happy with his miso ramen. He's a ramen fiend, and he thought the broth tasted a bit off. Being a big, hungry guy though, he finished the entire bowl. The waitress remarked that the chef would be happy someone actually ate all the broth. Maybe that should tell him something....I have to get mochi whenever it's available, and our friends had never tried it before. I loved the presentation and liked the flavor, but I wished the green tea sauce was thicker so that it would adhere to the roll. Our friends were happy with it so I'm glad I converted a couple more mochi-eaters.
5	Omg! I am so impressed with this place. Went there when they first opened and it was fantastic.  Today,  after almost 2 years came back and it is still so good.  The ribs literally melts in your mouth plus the everything in the menu from pork belly down to the rabbit desert.  My favorite is their Wild Blue beer...that is saying for someone who don't drink beers.   Gotta go to place!   Must go place because food is sooo good and service is excellent!  Bonus bonus bonus I cringed when think of beer pong but this place has a beer pong that sanitize the balls.  I cannot believe it.  We played a round of beer pong and I it was awesome!  I didn't feel gross drinking the beer.  We will definitely go back again.
5	Today was the first day I heard about this place and the first time to eat here.  It will NOT be the last time!  I headed here for lunch with a UNLV co-worker - with only about an hour for lunch.  The best part about this experience was the FOOD!  I didn't care that the decor was a bit robot-tech and a rather odd concept.  I didn't care that there was an electronic beer pong table in the entry.  THE FOOD WAS AMAZING!  We shared three items off the Tapas menu: Lettuce wraps with BBQ pulled pork, kimchee chicken melt, and the crab cake & tofu salad.  All three items were excellent!   I don't eat much Asian fusion food - but the quality of our food was right up there with some major Strip restaurants - for half the price.  I agree with others who say this is a Hidden Gem.  It is worth a visit from all Yelpers! 5 Stars because I keep replaying the menu items in my head thinking about what I will order the next time!
4	Let me first start off by saying.... there is a custom beer pong table!!! It lights up, water goes through it so you can rinse your ping pong if it falls on the floor. I have never seen something like this and this it's AWESOME. I did not get to try it out as it was a school night, but oh boy, I will soon! Ok, now let's talk about the service. Service was extremely attentive and the servers made really good recommendations. It was a Tuesday night so it was not terribly busy and the thought that I hope they stay in business crossed my mind. The food was impressive and the standouts include the Mignon skewers, Chef's belly, and rainbow ice cream mochi. The mignon skewers were tender and tasted great (even though it looked too saucy). What can you say about a three layer pork belly slice, nothing except that you have to order it! And I really liked the rainbow ice cream roll because they apparently melt down regular mochi and piece together their own Frankenstein version. Ice cream was great and the mochi texture was still consistent to what it's supposed to be, chewy like. Open late but note kitchen closes half an hour before their listed closing time.
4	Asian inspired Tapas!  2 of my favorite things, Asian food and Tapas.  I was a little disappointed that the Ramen and stuffed waffles were only available 11a-4p but I guess that just gave another reason to come back to try that out.  Some memorable items that's a must try is the "Belly Rice" and  the shrimp waffle yaki.  This is not a place you would go to get stuffed, but the food is good, they have the best beer pong table I've ever seen and the biggest plus is that they have a dessert called the "White Rabbit".  For those who know, White rabbit is a candy that's sort of vanilla/milk tootsie roll-ish.  28 go makes this a White Rabbit dipping sauce for their mochi ice cream "sushi" .  I think anyone who incorporates white rabbit candy in a dessert sauce is genius!  *I would've like the dessert better if they chopped up pieces of White Rabbit and served that with the Mochi. =)  It was a slow nice and the server was very nice and knowledgeable as he explained each dish as they came out. *make sure you check out the ball washing beer pong table.
1	The chef owner was extremely rude.  He was also delusional.  He said that he thinks ramen is for trashy backpackers only.  So that is why he stops serving it at 4 pm to get the riff raff out.  He thinks his place with anime on the wall and home made decorations in a college district will magically turn into a classy joint at 4 pm because he won't serve ramen.  If he doesn't like serving college students then he should not have picked a location right across from UNLV.
5	This is one of the best places I've ever eaten. They provide a great atmosphere as well as great food and amazing service. If your in Las Vegas and looking for a great place to eat that is not on the Las Vegas strip don't pass this place up and be sure to ask about "See Thru Green "and try the Crab cake Sliders!! Love this place... EAT HERE!!!!! YUMMY!
4	the first thing you notice about this place when you walk in is the beer pong table. its got motorized ball driers and washers. thats pretty sick! dunno if it was custom made or bought, but its pretty nice. 2nd thing i noticed was the seats backs were at weird angles. you know what i mean when you sit down. ordered the shoyu ramen. lots of pork! broth had really good flavor. waitress was very talkative and attentive.bathroom signs are funny.
3	More like a 3.5 star.  I dropped by to order food to go since Earl wasn't feeling well.  I therefore ordered the following:-Herbal ramen: It is not your typical ramen.  This one is sweet.  Because Earl wasn't feeling good, I figured this will be a good choice for him.  We shared it and it was decent.  Earl liked it but I don't know if I will order it again.  I am too used to savory ramen.-Belly Rice: the braised pork belly (melt in your mouth) goes pretty well with the seaweed and green onions and rice.  It was not at all salty.  Earl and I both agreed that we like this item very much.-28GoRoll: I believe the portion pork belly was too small for the whole kimchee leaves.  The kimchee flavor overpowers all the other ingredients.  I probably won't order this again.Overall, Earl really liked the food and we plan to visit 28GO pretty soon to try other items.  I really wanted to mochi icecream but figured it wasn't a good idea to order it to go.  Staff is nice and the decor is quite unique.
5	The owner of 28GO is also the chef. His food is incredible. I have followed him to 4 or 5 different restaurants. My wife and I go to 28GO almost every week. The prices are very low but the flavor and quality rivals anything you would find at a top restaurant on the Strip. I have not found anything there I don't like. My favorites are Ribs vs. Thighs, Crabcake Sliders, and the Fillet Mignon. I have also been a fan of his jasmine-infused sake (served hot) for years. Any time friends come to town, I take them to 28GO.
5	Wow! Every dish was unique and delicious and shockingly reasonable prices as well as friendly staff.
4	What a unique find! Yummy tapas galore, friendly server, cool interior. It was a wonderful dining experience. My boyfriend & I came on a Saturday afternoon thinking it'd be crowded but we were wrong. We were actually the only ones there which was pretty neat.We started off with a Blueberry Lager Beer Float which was delish! Beer & Ice Cream? Of course it was good. Haha. Then we ordered a few tapas for both of us to share. 1. Salad w/ Garlic Goma Dressing-- OMG! It was delicious! I daydream about that dressing all the time, wishing I could have it in a bottle for my own salads at home. It was recommended by our server. So good! 2. Chef's Braised Belly-- You have to try this, definitely. I think there's one that comes with rice but we ordered just the belly. The sauce was sweet and tangy, not too salty. Came with more salad w/ garlic goma dressing, which I was extremely happy about.3. Gyoza-- They were very unique, shaped like raviolis. Sauce tasted similar to the braised belly, which I didnt mind since the belly was deeeelicous. 4. Ribs & Chicken-- This was actually an entree. Ribs fell off the bone, chicken was tender and juicy.5. Shrimp Waffleyaki-- My boyfriend liked it. The sauce was spicy and yummy, which really made the dish amazing since you couldn't really taste the shrimp.6. 28Go Rice-- I wasn't a fan of it because of the seaweed mix but my boyfriend enjoyed it. I felt like it tasted too fishy? Idk, if you enjoy seaweed that way, (not nori topping), then by all means, go for it. I wish the table we had wasn't wobbly & the chairs were more comfy (back was way too slanted, you couldn't lean back). We were also seated all the way to the front against the hot, boiling sun, next to the window. We were profusely hot! Haha. Place is not completely 5 stars but it has the potential. Will try it again for sure!
4	28 Go is a good ramen joint next to UNLV. I enjoy the Shoyu ramen and the seafood kimchee ramen. I had the ribeye steak with a balsamic reduction. It was good but presentation was messy. A good drink special is the "das boot" which is a bottle of sake and 3 bottles of Sapporo for $12.  One of the things I don't like about this restaurant is that ramen is NOT served passed 4pm.  Good atmosphere with good music  and nice "Gundam" theme. Chairs could be more comfortable. Sometimes the servers may be stiff and sometimes a little aggressive. Overall, it's a good hangout spot for college students, but I highly suggest to go before 4pm to try their ramen
4	Wow! I had the pork belly and the shrimp waffle yaki! Fantastic! Pork belly was very tender and the shrimp waffles were so different! Like nothing I ever tasted! I will definitely go back! Also the blueberry beer ice cream float and electric ping pong! The happy hour menu and breakfast menu also looked good. I just wasn't there at that time!
4	I've had this place bookmarked for a year now.  This is located in the same lot as Einstein Bros Bagels, Mr. Sandwich and Wells Fargo across the street from UNLV. I was worried about this place being packed with students at lunch time but good thing it wasn't. The strip mall doesn't look promising but once you get inside the restaurant, it's a different world.I was meeting somebody for lunch but they were running a bit late but the servers kept me occupied. I'd definitely have to say the service was EXCELLENT. Very attentive, very friendly and they offered a high chair for the little man.We had the Thai tea float, belly rice, salmon poke stack, 28GO roll, gogi beef waffle and J dog: kompleto.Thai Tea Float:I love Thai tea and I love Thai tea float even more. The Thai tea itself tastes a bit different so I stirred the vanilla ice cream in there real well to mask the taste. I've had better but I appreciate this being on the menu. 3.5/5Belly Rice:Tender braised pork belly served on steamed white rice with nori shreds and green onion on top. The sauce is sweet and tangy at the same time which cuts down the fattiness of the pork belly. 4/528Salmon Poke Stack:Fresh salmon cubes in sesame-soy blue agave nectar wasabi oil with seaweed salad, fried gyoza wrapper and greens. The dressing was mild and I think a little bit more of wasabi oil would make this dish pop. The fried gyoza wrapper added crunch. The salmon tasted fresh. 4/5Gogi Beef Stuffed Waffle:Bulgogi in a waffle folded in half served with syrup, 2 eggs and GOcatsup. Sweet bulgogi, sweet waffle. Very interesting combination. 4/528GO Roll:Pork belly, scallions wrapped in kimchee. Our server explained to us to start from bottom left to top right - mild to hot. You can barely taste the pork belly. But if you absolutely love kimchee, go ahead and try this dish. 3.5/5J Dog: Kompleto:Grilled Kosher hotdog, kimchee, American cheese on a grilled hotdog bun. A little bit on the salty side. I think an Asian slaw would add the tang this was lacking to cut down the saltiness. 3.5/5Tapas here are from $4-9.50. Entrees from $8.50-15. They also have ramen and desserts.
4	I made a yelp solely to review this place. The food is delicious: very good ramen, I had the sweet shoyu broth, and the goji beef waffles are SO good. The food is the only good thing about this place. They BLAST awful music (eminem, nelly furtado, flo rida, etc.). The icing on the cake was the wierdest service I have ever experienced. The waitress came to our table what seemed liked 15 times/ every 2 minutes. She also had us introduce ourselves and shook our hands... (?) needless to say the strange experience made my boyfriend say he never wants to come back lol. I'll be back for sure because the food is awesome, but I'll most likely take it to go.
4	Dropped in for Lunch!As with any other Tapas-style place, the plates are inexpensive at around $5-10 for most options, but they add up quick in the end.Started with the Belly Rice : Braised Pork Belly, Seaweed, Green Onions, and Belly Sauce. Super tender and flavorful pork belly...very good!Gogi Beef Stuffed Waffle : Bulgogi Marinated Beef and Two Eggs. This was tasty! The Bulgogi is on the sweeter end, but it works surprisingly well as a breakfast food lol28salmon Poke Stack : Atlantic Salmon, Sesame-Soy Blue Agave Nectar, Wasabi Oil w/ Seaweed Salad, Crispy Gyoza Skin on Romain Lettuce. Good flavor combinations :)28GO Roll : Warm Pork Belly and Grilled Scallions rolled in Kimchee Leaves. Supposed to be mild/hot from side to side, but there wasn't much "heat" behind it. They were tasty, although the pork belly taste is hidden.And finally, the J Dog Kompleto : Grilled Beef Kosher Frank, American Cheese, and Chef's Kimchee. These weren't bad, but not very notable. I'd recommend the other dishes instead. Service was very friendly here...had a few people checking on us.  I think they genuinely want to make sure you enjoy your food here.  Restaurant is clean and trendy.Can't say anything blew my mind, but everything was definitely good.  I'd cruise the menu for new options during the next visit!I am sure we will be back :)Lots of pics :
5	I have been living here in vegas for almost two years and I remember eating here a few days right after i moved.  The restaurant is a small little place, with some really cool artwork, as well as some neat homemade art and some really great and creative things that gives the restaurant so much characters.   After the first day there I have been coming back a couple times every month.  They have a fantastic menu consisting of american classics with a great Asian fusion feel for it.  They have great unique tapas that include pork belly rice, blue crab sliders, and ungozya are all dishes everyone needs to try.my all time favorite dish at the restaurant is ramen.  The ramen is absolutely the best bowl of ramen I have ever had in vegas.  Hands down the best.  The rich flavors the tender meat, and the perfect bite of ramen.  You will not regret getting a bowl.
5	Poke stacks all day long! Love this place. U can play board games. They are nice too. Plus homeboy filled up my water like 6 times! Can't ask for better.
5	Good food, good service. Will have to come back again and try more. 28go rice = real good. Ordered one more to go. Trinity sliders = good lots of flavor. Crab cake sliders = those were good too. Miso Ramen w/seafood = good balanced to the whole meal. Service = great. Very nice.
4	We scouted out this tiny place in the back of a strip mall and found excellent Asian fusion cuisine. For lunch, I order three "tapas," all including pork belly (a favorite). Other than this being too much food, the taste, presentation, and originality were outstanding. The seating at the counter is a bit odd, with "placemats" laminated into the counter finish but benches that aren't quite long enough for two people to sit directly in front of their designated spots. Quirky decor.
3	Their food was definitely interesting! I have never tried a place like that before! They had bulgogi waffles, kalbi ramen, etc. If you don't want to try anything out of your comfort zone I don't suggest this place. The one thing I thought was very odd was that their desserts were way more expensive then the actual main course items.
5	Found this place through Desert Companion magazine.  My boyfriend & I shared the blue crab sliders which were excellent.  I had the yellowfin poke & chef's pork belly. Both were well prepared & melt in your mouth. My Boyfriend had a ramen bowl.  It was huge & tasty.  We both highly recommend it.
4	We came in during "hapi" hour and it was wide open. Got seated right away. The place holds about 50 people. This place is pretty cool. They have a beer pong table and board games if you want to drink and play! The decor is very "anime" style and it fits them well.I ordered the seared tofu salad.....it was so yummy! They were inventive with their flavors. There was a bit of honey in the salad and the tofu was perfectly seared. Crunchy on the outside and warm soft tofu in the inside. I would gave ordered another one....but I still had to explore the menu.I also ordered the "8leg" which is an octopus poke stack bowl....it was definitely something I never had and it was made so well! The octopus was perfectly seasoned and had seaweed salad and salad also. I also ordered the salmon poke stack and that too was flavorful. The salmon was so tender...you could eat it with dentures! The fish was fresh and seasoned well to complement the fish and the ingredients in the stack.My FPIC ordered the ramen and it was good....not great just good. He enjoyed it though but I thought it was a tad bit salty.Last was the rainbow mochi! I liked it a lot! It literally taste like the Asian white rabbit candy that was rolled out and vanilla ice cream was rolled in it. I've never had anything like it and I miss it already! They played a cool Japanese movie and we had a really good experience here. Can't wait to be back!
5	I went here for the first time! And loved it. The service is amazing! Family owned and you walk in and feel like family we had the mignon skewers they were amazing and also the yellowfin poke stack. It's hard to miss but if you never come here you would be missing out! Can't wait to go back for some amazing food, sake bombs, and beer pong!
4	I really enjoyed this place. Poke was great and filling. Service was great. I'll have to stop by again.
4	This is a great little place in a mini mall near the UNLV campus. As long as you do not go while there are a crowd of students (noisy and rowdy) you will truly enjoy the service and the food.Everything I've hd there in three visits has been wonderful. Very fresh, promptly served, and very flavorful. And the final cherry on top: it's VERY reasonable. If it were on the strip it would easily be 3X as expensive.
5	I have no idea why I never ate here until the last month I lived in Vegas. It didn't seem to get a lot of hype, and appeared rather dead when I visited, but wow, 28go is forever in my Vegas memory bank. I was on the hunt for tapas, and this little spot does delicious small plates. Shrimp waffle is scrumptious. The waffle is fluffy, the shrimp is succulent. The pulled pork pot stickers are homemade, and you can tell. Melt in your mouth, seriously. I also sampled some yummy mini hot dogs and a kebab of some sort, both delicious, but regrettably I drank too much wine shortly thereafter. My memory is a bit foggy.Neat spot near UNLV. Odd concept, didn't expect delicious, unique, well prepared small plates in a place that offers beer/air pong on the weekends. 28go is some kind of anime/transformer character if you're wondering, the owner must be a fan. Super awesome, friendly, timely service. Five stars hoping this place gets busier than it was when I stopped in.
5	The unique food is amazing.  From the rahman to the waffles to the moochi you can't go wrong!  Tapas and happy hour are so worth it. I am coming back each time to try something different each time!  The chef is very creative and respects food with his diligence of quality and excellence.
5	The atmosphere is very hip from the anime inspired decor to the variety of games that are available at your leisure. I visited this fine establishment many times in between class and I have always had top notch service. They may not have a huge beer selection but I know I always feast like a king with the great flavors that they have fused with a unique Asian inspired style. Highly recommended for any occasion!  ( the sliders are the bomb)
5	This place is incredible. I've been there multiple times and I have no idea why it isn't packed all the time. The food is delicious, I haven't ordered a single dish that wasn't top notch. I go there regularly now for the ahi tuna poke stack, and I would pay money to know the recipe of the sesame dressing they use. I've also tried multiple Ramen bowls, the pork belly bowl, and the hibatchi shrimp bowl, and they were all out of this world tasty. The service is right up there with their food, pleasant and attentive.
5	it's one of my favorite places to go. a real unique experience with a interesting asian fusion meal. dope music and the black and white videos playing. and of course the beer pong table. 28GO all day
3	Love this place! Cool theme, good cocktails and food. However, they don't split checks. I always eat with my friends after class, so since we can't split checks...we're not coming back. So when they change that, we'll all be back.
4	Good poke bowl. the flavor was good. You could add an egg for a dollar more if needed. But I would only do that in a different type of bowl such as the rib bowl. It's a.lot of food. They served it in a ramen bowl. Good service. They have a nice beer pong table.
4	Delicious Asian fusion food, and awesome attentive servers. It is pretty pricey for college students, so I suggest to get their bowls for the best deal & come out w/ a full stomach. I usually get the BBQ steak (comes with kimchi) or ahi poke. All of their dessert is amazing, especially the ice cream mochi! I recommend the rainbow mochi, or the Mudslinger Z if you like chocolate. I also recommend their peach fizz drink. I never drink any soda, but this is an exception. I don't know what they use, but it is perfect if you have a sweet tooth like me :3 I also had their ramen before and it was alright. It doesn't compare to Monta Chaya or Fukumimi. There are so many better options you can order instead.
4	It makes no sense to me that the majority of my foodie friend's have not tried 28GO. My favorite item is the 28go rice. Perfect combination of rice, sesame oil, aioli, sesame seeds seaweed mix, and green onions.Service is top notch. Servers and staff are so attentive regardless of how busy or slow the restaurant might be. I find that I get the worst serve at most restaurants when it is slow. They are always more than happy to cater to any alterations you may wish on any of the dishes. If you're vegan you can also ask the chef to make you something off the menu. Their happy hour is 9-11AM Monday-Thursday; 20% off your entire check!  Prices are low which is great since they cater to students, being located right next to UNLV.I believe the menu has been changed since the last time I've checked them out. They've added more tapas and ramen options!!
1	The last dated review on Yelp was November 29, 2014.I came to Vegas in early December because my friend invited me to her holiday party. Free booze, free food, and free lodging...pretty much the best deal there is coming to Vegas.I spent one full day here, and being that my friend worked on that day, I decided to peruse around the non-casino parts of Vegas to see what local fare I could try.It took me like, three hours to get out of the apartment. Not because I was doing anything special, or looking food up, or waiting for a repairman to show up - I was depressed. Like, legitimately depressed. Getting out of the house is really, really difficult, which is why getting to Vegas is weird, but it's a solitary trip through the mountains so whatever.28GO sounded awesome. Bulgogi in a fucking waffle? Sign me the fuck up. Pork belly on rice? HELLLOOOOO. My stomach was literally ready. I was, for once, actually looking forward to something. I know it's food, which is weird, but it was *something*.I arrive and...nothing. The door is closed. The windows are tinted out so I can barely see anything inside. No movement whatsoever from the inside - no one going in, no one going out. Sound of silence. Locked. Naturally this would mean I recheck the hours - nope, they're supposed to be open for sure. It's not a holiday, it's a regular Saturday during normal business hours - hell, even if the place closed at 2p or 3p and opened back up for dinner, I'd still have made it within the lunch timeframe.I called to see if it was open...because despite it's clear closed appearance, I was determined.No answer. No signs. Regular posted hours in the window, as if maybe I was a ghost living in a different astral plane, and on Earth there were actual people and it really was open. I reported it as closed, and ended up having to find somewhere else.I'd be happy to delete my review if someone from the establishment lets me know wtf is going on, because I want people to come here, it sounds great. I live close enough to Vegas that I definitely would visit again - and soon - and I WANT that bulgogi stuffed waffle, so..yeah.
2	Definitely a good mix of good and bad reviews for 28GO.. I have a feeling mine may end up in the 'reviews not recommended' but that's okay, I just want to let you know what to prepare for if you dine here. Before my most recent visit about a couple months ago, it was a couple years ago - food was delicious and servers who I'd give A for effort because they were trying really really hard.My last visit though unfortunately will be my last. It was on a normal weekday and I was dining in around 3pm because their happy-hour was starting where it was 20% off menu items -- bad idea. Everything was fine until it hit 4pm, the Beer Pong game started and music blasted all around which was giving me a headache. With the owner participating in the BP game, the server denied turning down the music when I asked. When asked for the check, the server came to clean up and noticed I left a good portion behind - she asked me about it and I tried being polite saying it started tasting weird and that's when she responded "oh girl that's because you let it sit out for too long"... lmao girl maybe the food just tastes weird.It started to become ratchetly inappropriate when the participants at the BP table started to grind and booty tapping was beginning to.I was done lol asked for the check, my friends didn't even tip and I tipped $1.94 for a $30 bill, it was pretty bad. Funny moment though, after seeing one of the participants grind and get booty tapped, she went to back of the house to grab her baby in a baby basket.... Least they got our food orders right lol...
