4	I had a craving for Pho and egg rolls and this is the place definitely hit the spot .
5	This review is based on their pho. Being that I am a friend of one of the employees, I got a tour of how they make their pho. I posted three photos from the kitchen (grilling onions, ingredients, and simmering pot). They use an assortment of beef and beef bones with the ingredients in the pictures. They told me it takes about 12 hours of simmering to make the soup. I have been to many pho places in LV and here in Colorado. It may be a subtle difference, but most pho places' soup base isn't as flavorful as the one I had at Pho Lan. After seeing how they make their soup base, I appreciate the food and their pho a lot more.
5	great service customizedand great food!
5	Ate here about 7:20 pm Sat/12 Jul with my NY visiting buddy and his family (spouse and kids):- We tried this place since it's so close to my home.- Everyone enjoyed their food, which included marinated beef, pho, vermicelli, eggrolls appetizers.- Prices are reasonable.- Nice ambiance, great service.
5	If you want authentic Vietnamese come to this place. Service was great they explained everything to me so I understand and get the food I may like. Gotta admit it was a first for me that someone greeted me at the door to say hi before just plopping me to a table and said how any people.  Wow, they actually checked on me constantly. Def would come back
5	It's rare that I ever come home from after eating somewhere and immediately write a review but their bun cha hanoi is legit!  The meat had a nice smokey char to it and the nuoc mam it was bathed in was perfect.This review is based solely on that, the one Northern style dish that no one seems to get right out here in Vegas, they got it spot on.  The main part of this dish is the pork patty, other places I've had it was bland or the flavors were just not there and there was no charcoal taste to it.  This was so good, my daughter even said it was just like grandma's and that says a lot since my mom makes some of the best patties around!We tried their beef pho too (rare steak and meatball), it was good but asking someone from Hanoi about beef pho is like asking a Northern yankee about southern fried chicken...I grew up eating pho ga (chicken pho) and hu tieu (another dish no one makes as good as my mom!). So far the only place that I've had the BEST pho ga is Turtle Tower in SF and my hunt for hu tieu as good as my mother's is still going....at least I know where I can go now whenever I want my bun cha Hanoi fix.  I just hope they stay open longer than the last owners.This place used to house the old Pho Ha Noi, the new owners just took over this July so when I saw the "new business" on Yelp and saw that they had this, I rushed here not knowing it was the old pho place that I'd already been too.  When we pulled up, I sat in the car contemplating about whether I was going to go inside since I tried the bun cha hanoi from the previous owners and was underwhelmed.  I'm glad I gave it a chance!The service was awesome also! Most Asian places, the service sucks royally but not here.  I watched as our server sat with a customer and described all the different dishes and asked the customer what he liked to help guide him in the right direction.The location is off Decatur and Desert Inn so not as busy as Chinatown, but in the same area as Inaba (another great restaurant).  I really hope their business is successful cause so far they have the best Bun Cha Hanoi dish in all of Vegas.We will definitely be back!  My only request next time, more than just one patty please!!
5	I just stopped in with a friend to get rice because we needed some and didn't have a rice cooker.  I received complimentary eggrolls with it!  Took the order to go, but the service was excellent, so I can't wait to try many of the authentic Vietnamese dishes they serve :)  The place is brand new, so it was super clean and everyone seemed friendly.
5	What a find!  Thanks to everyone that yelped about this place before me.  Let first start off by saying this place is very clean.  The service is amazing.  It is a family run restaurant with a mother son team cooking.  The food is delicious.  I had the a big bowl of pho with everything in it.  The soup was flavorful and light, not all seasoned up and salty like at other places.  The spring rolls were tasty and fresh with the right mixture of meat to veggie to noodle ratio. I will be back to try the bon bo hue in memory of my dad who loves that stuff. Most definitely recommend this place.
4	Clean restaurant and friendly staff. Ordered shaken beef, spring rolls and pho dac biet.  Overall the food is good.  The pho broth could be hotter and a little more robust but the flank, tendon, tripe where all good. Recommended.
5	Phenomenal!! Honestly the best pho I have ever had and I have eaten a lot of pho. The people who work here are incredibly friendly and you can tell that the food is made with love. Definitely recommend eating here. The food is of a much higher quality than one can normally find.
2	I wanted to try a new place for pho because I saw the good reviews on here but I was disapoointed. The pho was too overbearing for me. I usually eat all my pho no matter how big the bowl is, but this pho had no appealing taste. The egg rolls were bland. The com bo luc lac my brother had was okay, but I definitely prefer pho so 1. The nuoc cam was very bitter, tasted like they used spoiled oranges. However, I gave the second star because the staff was very nice. I will not return, sorry.
5	The pancake thingee was amazing. Pho hit the spot. Nice. Clean. Delicious. What more can you ask for?
5	I don't write many reviews but what a great restaurant! Thanks Yelpers..as I never would have found this gem without you. So I went in near closing time on a Wed so the place was winding down. This meant the cook/owner was able to stop by my table for a chat. What a cool guy. This is a family run restaurant, with he and his mom cooking traditional recipes from back home. Upon his recommendation, I had the Bun Bo Hue..delicious! He also insisted on me trying a couple of their spring rolls on the house.. amazing!! Best rolls ever, crispy, light, flavorful pork and other ingredients. Also, lots of fresh crisp lettuce in the presentation. The food and the staff here make it worth the visit.Can wait to go back!Jim
5	This place is legit.  The food, the staff, the restaurant itself (super clean) = SUPERBI come from a family of Vietnamese restaurant owners and grew up serving bowls of pho, bun thit nuong, and cafe sua da to the masses so I'm a bit critical when trying new Vietnamese restaurants. Often times the best places are the ghetto ass hole-in-the-wall mom and pop shops that serve up the best grub.  Pho Lan, although not a ghetto ass hole-in-the-wall, is a very tasty mom and pop shop that serves up some really clean (note: NO MSG -- I know this b/c I wasn't bloated as hell after I left) authentic Vietnamese cuisine. I visited Pho Lan twice in the span of 4 days. I was sober the first time (Thursday during lunch) and hungover the second time (Saturday with 8 of my gfs during lunch -- come on, it's Vegas). Both dining experiences were great. Upon entering, the place was a little empty (probably b/c it's new and just opened). It's very clean and organized for a Vietnamese restaurant. If you've ever been to a Vietnamese restaurant, it's typically a freakin circus.  Anyway, I figured, "ohh... it's going to be one of those places that's pretty, but the food will be blah" but decided to give it a go.I had the fried egg rolls and chicken wings to start.  The egg rolls were fried to perfection and the chicken wings were to die for (just the way my mom makes them). I also had the Pho Ga which was super clean and flavorful. The second time I came, I had the Pho Dac Biet and tried my friend's Bo Luc Lac (shaky beef).  Both items totally hit the spot.Another thing to note, the wait staff were super friendly and accommodating.  They charged my iPhone for me while I ate (what some restaurants in NYC charge $30 for -- damn you Standard Hotel East Village!!).  Also, the bathroom is freakin immaculate (I need to get the name of their cleaning lady). If you're in Vegas for work or leisure, drop by Pho Lan. You're in for quite a treat.
1	I saw lots of good review on yelp , so try Pho dac biet , the broth has no taste , meat and pho is sooooo much less . Can't even feel u up . When to "Lee sandwich" get me a sandwich after .
5	We tried the bun bo hue and pho dac biet. I just moved to Las Vegas last month, and I am happy that I found a good place to have good Vietnamese food!
5	Friendliest waiter I've had in a while.  Mom is in the back cooking and has been cooking for her different restaurants for 20+ years.   Pho was even complimented by my picky 8 & 12 year olds.  LARGE servings of pho and also noodle dishes.
4	Pho broth was clean, NO MSG, and the noodles/herbs were fresh. Some people might think that the broth is bland , but that may be because they are so use to the overload of salt and MSG..  I also ordered the mini bun xeo pancakes appetizer which was tasty.Really great hidden mom and pop joint. EXCELLENT SERVICE! :) Go support them!
5	AN EXCEPTIONAL EXPERIENCETwenty years ago, you could have counted this town's Vietnamese restaurants all on one hand. Today you can dine at three different places serving Vietnamese cuisine each week for a year and never repeat yourself.Pho Lan just opened its doors this year on July 1st. It's two generations of one family that operates this enterprise. They're not new to the Vietnamese restaurant business. Their easy to read menu offers the best of their cuisine for appetizers, noodle soups, vermicelli, rice plate combos and drinks. The menu pictures are absolute accurate representations of menu items. The problem we had was every choice looked so temptingly delicious. It would take the two of us sharing two entrees thirteen weeks to taste everything on the menu not including appetizers and drinks.This evening there were four of us. We started out sharing two appetizers and each ordering an entree of their choice. (There are photos and references of what was ordered.) We had read all the reviews and seen all the photos prior to recommending Pho Lan as our preferred restaurant. The other couple had zero clue of what to expect. They however did recall this same location was previously named Pho Hanoi. They also said the interior was totally different.We all agreed that the cleanliness and ambiance was soothingly relaxing. The genuineness of the table service was par excellence especially so for a Vietnamese restaurant. Most importantly the ingredients were as close to being as farm fresh as one could imagine. Noodles of higher quality were not over cooked. Broth is clear, piping hot and not a bed of MSG. Meats and rolls required little or no enhancing with additional seasonings or sauces. We concluded by saying it was a most excellent dining experience. We'll be back for sure. How many weeks ? LoLONCE UPON A TIMEWe remember the days when it was a novelty to dine at a local mom and pop Vietnamese restaurant. This inner city restaurant would feature a deli case for all the fixins for sandwiches called "banh mi" including ready to go colorful desserts. There were cigarettes, soft drinks, beer, candies and lottery tickets. In the center of the store there would be a half dozen small tables that were always filled. Menu was on one side of a sheet of paper. My husband would always order "dac biet" special bowl of pho or as he called it the "kitchen sink" that came in one size only and for an appetizer, we would try "goi cuon" aka spring rolls dipped in a sweetened peanut sauce or "cha gio" deep fried rolls that would be wrapped in red lettuce and dipped in a sweeten fish sauce with slivers of fresh carrot. There was always too much of the fresh basil leaves, bean sprouts, mint leaves and thinly sliced green peppers. I like anything grilled especially if it was a sweetened lemongrass seasoned pork chop with heap.of broken rice topped with a sunnyside fried egg along with shredded pork and an egg cake. With both a Vietnamese iced coffee and tea included, the bill came to less than $20 including the tip.It was then a personable dining experience where we befriended the husband, wife and kids.  They kept the restaurant opened twelve to fourteen hours a day, seven days a week. Their children spoke perfect English as the played on the sidewalk. While inside their mother prepared the meals for seated customers and their father a "jack of all trades" handled everything else including real estate sales on the phone.We have the deepest respect for family runned businesses. Both of us were raised working in family businesses.
5	The restaurant itself was clean and peaceful after having a long night of partying it was nice to go to a place that wasn't loud and crowded with people like many other pho restaurants. I didn't mind that there was only one other table occupied by guests in the restaurant (usually when it's dead it's a warning sign to get outta there but not this place) because the pho was amazing and the spring rolls was freshly made plus the service was great. It's hard to receive great service from majority( when I say majority I mean like 99% of Vietnamese restaurants).Usually they just take your order , bring you water and your food and that's it. Both the servers made sure we were enjoying our food and filled our waters a few times ( which my husband liked, he hates having to ask for water since it's a given that you need water when it's empty and your chowing down on ice!) Whether it was because it wasn't busy or not it's always nice to have your servers treat you well and communicate with you.
5	This is an excellent family owned restaurant.  Everything is very clean and the owners are some of the nicest people ever.  We ordered pho and egg rolls; both were very good and as other reviewers mentioned it doesn't give you that tired, overwhelmed feeling that pho sometimes can.  My daughter wanted a plain lemonade which wasn't on the menu, but we asked if they had some anyway and they said yes. What we didn't know was that our waiter had to run to the store to get the lemons.  We felt so bad for the trouble and we were also surprised by their commitment to offering superior customer service.  We will definitely be back.
3	Nice place but no one was around.  I am not a red meat eater and thought the menu was somewhat limited in the chicken and seafood department.  The pho was fragrant and tasty.  Thee is one pho price on the menu and that is for the large bowl.  if you have a smaller appetite like I do, a small bowl (a dollar less) is perfect.  Strips of breast of chicken, rice noodles and bean sprouts.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Staff was nice and attentive.  With all the other Pho joints in the area, we will continue to explore.
5	Came looking for pho, found so much more. Great appetizers from the tradition fresh spring rolls with shrimp & port, to beef mango salad that was awesome to a new fish I hadn't had before.. Shrimp pancake with a touch of scallion & coconut (for $4.95 it's a must!).  Fresh ingredients, a no grill atmosphere and very friendly staff; we will be back.  Oh yeah, and table brewed Vietnamese coffee with sweet condensed milk. Yum!
5	We had dinner here last night and like many of these reviewers, we had an exceptional experience.The restaurant is very welcoming, comfortable, and clean. They are a family-owned operation with excellent servers who are polite, friendly, and treated us very attentively. Business was slow when we came in for dinner last night, but I feel that we still would have received the same courteous treatment if that were not the case.To be frank, I have been to several Vietnamese restaurants in town and the customer service has always felt below average. Conversely, the workers here really make an effort to take good care of their customers and it truly sets them apart from the competition. If you are looking for excellent customer service, this is the place to go!Another thing that stands out about this restaurant is their well-curated menu. It has several vivid photos and just the right amount of options (in other words, it doesn't feel overwhelming to look at). We ordered thai tea, a shrimp pancake appetizer, and two entrees (pho and stir fried noodles). Prices are fair and everything looked and tasted very good. We would happily come back to support this lovely restaurant again!
5	Soup is really good! Noodle isn't fouled, and not soft too much. Herbs are fresh. I had also spring rolls too, it tastes good as well.
5	HIDDEN GEM....One of the cleanest Vietnamese cuisine restaurant in Vegas. Staff has excellent quality service.   Now the food, I only had the pho tai. All three times I've been there. That being said, IT IS GOOOOD!! So "Gosh Darn" GOOD! Prob try another dish on my next visit but the pho tai is soooo GOOD!  Only sad thing about this restaurant is lack of customers when I've been there.( twice for lunch 1230pm and late or early dinner 5pm) maybe it's still a new place opened in July or maybe it's tucked in a strip mall u can't see from Decatur or desert inn.   I've tried most of the higher rated pho places but this is the first one I yelped. Well worth it. I hope this place doesn't fold due to lack or customers. Hopefully the other yelpers will spread the word about Pho Lan.  "Winter is Coming...(Game of Thrones) Pho is the best comfort food for the long winter. Pho Lan has it!!
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas from New York in June and have dined at several Vietnamese eateries in Las Vegas. I had been disappointed until I found Pho Lan, and I was starting to think that I would not find a restaurant that rivaled the one I was so fond of back home.Today my prayers were answered. I know, sounds corny but this place is that good. The atmosphere is charming, the restaurant clean and aesthetically pleasing, the service fast & friendly... And my bho kho, delicious, fresh and hot. The broth was amazing. The only draw back is that it's across town, but I can always move. Pho Lan is superior, and I am proud to be a loyal patron of this fine establishment!!! Can't wait to try the bun bo hue!
5	Great service and food The fried chicken wings were awesomeHad egg appetizer was crispy and great flavor!  I never had it before it was real good
5	We were in the area looking for Pho and this place had great reviews. It's very clean and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful (which can't be said about most pho restaurants). The pho broth was very good on top of that. We will come back again when we're on this side of town.
4	PHO this place is clean and open with TVs The food is pretty good had #7. Quality service. Tapwater is purified, I think. We will be back for sure... I approve this message J K KOOL.....
4	After reading the yelp reviews I decided to check this place out. I stopped in for a late lunch.  There was only one other person eating at the time. The service was prompt & friendly. I started with the spring rolls. They were quite tasty. I wasn't overly impressed with their peanut sauce. I like it to be a bit sweeter, but that's a personal preference. I had the Pho for my entree. The cilantro, bean sprout, lime wedge accompaniment was a bit on the small side.  The Pho itself was hearty. They give you tons of vermicelli noodles. The yelpers were right about this place. I'll definitely be back!
5	Had the Bun Bo Hue with spring rolls and a young coconut to drink.The soup was delicious all normal condiments were provided and service was excellent! Their water has a secret in it that you just have to try. Very different from other restaurants but very delicious!
3	I was looking for a good Vietnamese in town. Found this place with great yelp review, so I gave it a try. Clean place. Friendly staff. I ordered egg rolls and special pho. Egg rolls were pretty good. Here comes the main dish - pho. Big disappointment! Broth is simply plain. That's the soul of the soup, it's soulless. :(
5	Clear broth without preservatives and MSG. Very tasty and waiter remembers regular customers and orders. Friendly and eager to please.
5	Wonderful service and even better food. Can't wait to come back! The place is very clean and welcoming too.
5	Was graving some great Vietnamese food while on our trip to Las Vegas and since we are originally from Orange County where there are plenty of great Vietnamese restaurants, we were expecting the best. Thank you Yelp for leading us to this great restaurant. The place was very clean and staff was very friendly and attentive. There was plenty to choose from. Of course the kids wanted their fried rice and egg rolls which came out crunchy and flavorful. I loved their grilled pork chops with rice and veggies. The hubby ordered the #7 beef noodle pho which had a very tasty broth. We ordered some chicken wings for the road as well. We will surely visit again when we're in Vegas.
1	Portions were really small. Food was bland. I usually get full from just eating an appetizer. I ate both app and entree and barely filled me up. Egg rolls were undercook because it's still pink on the inside so I decided to just give that to the dogs. This will be the first and the last time coming here. Maybe that's why only one table was filled and it was there own worker.. Haha! I'll stick to chinatown.
5	The food was great. The service was very friendly. You should stop by Pho lan when your in town.
5	BEST pho in Vegas I have ever tasted. Very clean and has the "feel at home" ambience.  Meals are budget friendly and bursting with flavor. Come in hungry and go home happy.
5	Excellent service. We ordered banh khot, canh chua and ca kho to. They were very homemade tasting. No MSG nor grease. Will definitely come back.
5	I'm looking for authentic Vietnamese food and I found Pho Lan on yelp so just give it a try. Surprise that they have such a good tasty appetizer and delicious pho soup which is I can't stop sipping the broth. The service is great and the restaurant is clean. Check in at 1pm on Saturday but kind a quite for lunch time, only 3 table including mine. I like it peace and quite time for my lunch anyway I will be back again before leaving Vegas, don't forget to try Vietnamese coffee that come straight from Vietnam .
5	Great food and very friendly staff. Highly recommended this spot if you're craving Vietnamese.
5	Fresh and excellent food.   Service was great too.   I don't think there was msg in food which is a huge plus.   I would recommend.
5	Fantastic pho, a real surprise. Coming from los angeles and having all the good viet food in oc this pho is actually better than most.  Broth is fantastic and clean.
3	It is clean and new inside and the broth flavor is beefy and rich. But the meat (rare steak) tasted as if it was frozen or reheated. It didnt taste fresh like I've had before. Very nice customer service and happy that we tried it.
2	Don't understand the 4-1/2 star rating. I had the chicken pho. The broth had no flavor. The chicken did not taste fresh and was extremely dry. Tried husband's pho with rare steak, meat was also chewy and dry, though broth was better than mine. Service was fine. This one we can definitely cross off the list.
5	It seems there is an influx of pho restaurants in Vegas. Everyone has their own opinion about which one is best. With so many and some of the pho being similar or acceptable, what makes a place stand out? As customer service decreases and the price of everything increases, I am very wary with who I give my business to. Pho Lan has been my go-to spot and I will remain a loyal customer there. Not only is the pho delicious, but I was blown away by the customer service. I've never been treated so well at a pho place and found my new spot. They never let my water glass go empty (which is a common thing at other places) and are very welcoming. I was even there during a surprise visit by the health dept and they got their A. And now they will get my money for that delicious weekly bowl of pho.
5	Pho Lan was an amazing place for our lunch today! Pho-great flavors, fresh, beautiful! Service-friendly and helpful! Facility-SPOTLESS!Thanks for a great lunch!
4	Our new favorite place to eat pho.Banh Khot... Vietnamese mini savory pancakes, so tasty!Pho Tai Nam, beef noodle soup with rare steak and flank. The beef broth is very rich. Just don't forget to ask for cilantro, that is a must!Bun Bo Nuong, grilled beef with vermicelli and vegetables. Grilled onion wrapped inside adds a little sweetness that complements the flavor - you wouldn't believe how tasty it is.Com Suon Bi, or grilled pork chop with shredded pork skin and steamed rice.Everything was great, no misses. We'll come back to try even more items!
5	Authentic Vietnamese food! Great food and quick service. I like the attention to detail on their dishes...even down to the Cafe Su Da!
5	Pho-get other restaurants, this place is a gem! Being my second time in LV I ventured off the strip and into Chinatown. Pho Lan is in the area but not in the hustle and bustle that is cramped parking lots and gaudy storefronts which is fine by me. I ordered my favorite - Hu tieu mi hoanh thanh kho. The mi is locally made and very fresh with a great bite to it. I love xa xiu and was pleased to find a generous portion in my dry soup. Overall I was very much satisfied!Other things to point out:- service: super friendly and helpful (I ordered off the menu)- cleanliness: my oh my are they clean, bathrooms are immaculate - ambience: I enjoy the Vietnamese music videos, cheesy yet very entertaining!
1	Do not recommend come here for food. Food is super slow and service is bad. Dont let the photo trick you, the food is alot less and different from the photos...
5	The bun bo hue is good af.  I know bc I'm viet.  Their menu is extensive so you get a full range of tastes that fit any palate.  Vegan friendly bc my nerd sister is a vegan. She ordered the springs rolls with no meat. Lol. I'll be back fo sho.
5	Happy to have found yet another pho place in Vegas to cure those cravings of real Asian food (and of course to cure those hangovers...)  Found this place on Yelp (of course) and made our way over after a shopping trip at the outlets.This place is located in a large shopping plaza with a Smiths market.  If you are coming down Desert Inn, it will be on the far left side of the plaza.  Almost didn't find it.  Parking was easy and right outside the restaurant.  Was greeted and seated immediately.  Looking over the reviews and the menu, we ended up getting 2 bowls of pho (pho bo vien and pho dac biet), ca kho, nem nuong cuon, and banh khot.My parents said that the broth for the pho was very tasty.  I didn't get a taste but they enjoyed it.  The only thing they also mentioned about it was there was less meat than expected.  I guess they are comparing it to the bowls we get here in LA where they pack so much meat that you sometimes can't even finish it.I loved the banh khot.  8 mini dish sized pieces of banh xeo.  Very tasty with a large piece of shrimp on top.  It comes fish sauce which is also what you usually get when you order banh xeo.  The taste of the coconut comes through and is a definite must order.I didn't try the nem nuong cuon but my parents said the nem nuong was very tasty and fresh.  They said it reminded them of the ones they used to get but couldn't find anymore.  They didn't like the sauce that came with it though.  They said it was pretty flavorless so they ended up dipping them in the nuoc mam that came with the banh khot.I ordered the ca kho.  Stewed/Braised catfish in a clay pot.  SOOO full of flavor.  Comes with two slices of catfish and a side of rice.  It is a good amount and all your really need in this dish is the sauce anyways.  I can and did eat two bowls of rice just with the braising sauce.  The catfish was also very fresh and didn't have the usual "muddy" flavor that you sometimes taste when you order catfish.The service here is great.  Very attentive and very friendly.  Feels family owned and to me, that's always a plus.  I actually went up to the counter to show them my Yelp Check In for a 10% of my check and the lady said Sorry to me for not coming to the table.  Totally not necessary because their service was on par.I must try if you are willing to get away from the usual hustle and bustle of the Strip and the Chinatown plaza.
3	Went here for our last dinner in Vegas before heading back to the Bay Area.Quality of food was decent. Here's our order for that night.- Spring roll appetizer - average due to the wrap being chewy (probably not freshly wrapped)- Chicken wing appetizer - pretty good, worth a try- Rice plate with bbq pork, shredded pork, grilled shrimp - liked the pork and grilled shrimp- Bun Bo Hue - pretty good, decent soup base- Shaken beef rice plate - Beef is not tender (not recommended)- Combination Beef Pho - Decent with a good soup baseService was prompt and attentive.---Here is the LOSS of 2*s1. Water was horrible! DO NOT drink their water. Its not filtered and smelled like a swimming pool with too much chlorine2. Portions - as i mentioned earlier, food QUALITY is there, portions are way too small. Need 2 orders to fill you up or maybe we are just used to the larger portion sizes in the Bay Area.Probably will try another vietnamese restaurant next time I'm in Vegas for comparison.
5	The best Vietnamese food in town!!! Friendly service, clean restaurant, and most especially AMAZING food!! Ask for the chili oil to add to your pho base...YUMMOLAS!!!!
1	The ambience was extremely akward, it was so damn quiet, all you hear is the annoying veitnamese pop music. When I leave a resturant I expect to be full and I wasnt even close to that. The menu pictures are extemely decieving. We ordered #5 and it was filled with red onions and vegetables and minimal pieces of meat, basically a mouthful of nothing but the picture clearly depicted a salad filled with beef. All the meat tasted like it was frozen. A lot of reviewers are saying  that the bun bo hue was extremely good, I could not disagree more. It was not even spicy and the broth tasted exactly like the pho broth-pathetic! Portion sizes do not reflect prices either, other vietnamese portions are twice as much for the same price. Our final bill totaled almost 100 bucks and we were all still starving. Also be ready to pay 15% gratuity, so basically an extra 10 bucks. I definitely wont be coming back. The lone star is for the attentive waiters who do a great job.
3	Food was salty, service was OK. I only got 5 skimpy pieces of chicken in my pho ga. :(
4	We are very satisfied with the food and service. Unlike most authentic Vietnamese restaurants, the service is really good. Our food came great tasting and timely. The restaurant is all clean and pleasant. We will definitely come back and recommend this place!
5	Good food, good pho, get the large bowl worth it. Friendly, great service and great people.
5	Love their thai tea! Freshly made by hand along with all the sauce.  The nem nuong is the best appetizers!
5	After desperately searching for pho over several states... we were DELIGHTED at the quality of food and the friendly staff. Don't let the street view deter you, it was absolutely phenomenal. The pho was fresh, healthy and flavorful. Prices were amazing and the the staff was so polite and attentive. A must-do! We'll be back!
5	Ordered Pho with steak and meatballs. The soup was perfectly seasoned, smooth, and pleasant. I asked for egg noodle (yellow) instead of rice noodle (white) and It was great. The meat was portioned properly to the soup and noodle. If you like kick ask for the in-house made hot sauce. A great place for pho with awesome customer service.
4	I cannot tell you what makes a good pho good, but I can definitely tell a bad pho from the first sip of the soup. The soup at Pho Lan is authentic with no taste of msg. It is fresh and light. For the price, it is not a huge portion, but it is pretty tasty. I will come back if I ever crave for pho again when I am in Vegas.
5	Great pho (I had the seafood), perfect broth, fresh vegetables, they have TV's for football, and most importantly, the owner could not by any nicer! We were on a long road trip and he sent us off with amazing Vietnamese coffee (it's like liquid crack) and free bottles of water. Next time I'm in LV I'll be back for sure!
5	Highly recommended.
4	I really like this place! Probably one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in town if not my favorite already. I read all the awesome reviews which lead me here. The restaurant is located in the Smith's shopping center on the corner of Decatur and Desert Inn. However a little tricky to find because it's facing the Decatur side. The chicken wings seemed to be the thing to order from the appetizers so I actually ordered that as my entree. My cousin ordered the pork chop rice platter. Our order came and we were both very pleased. As mentioned in another review by a Vietnamese herself, the wings were just like how her mom makes them. Beautiful crispness on the chicken wings and the flavor just right. I asked for no spice, however the next time I order it I'll ask for a little spice. The pork chop was good which was pretty standard because most Vietnamese places serve up a good pork chop. Is it just me or does anyone else love the fact that the Vietnamese serve sliced cucumbers and carrots on side? I really do love the fact that they do that because it certainly adds freshness to the dish. The prices here are reasonable. The service was kind of whatever, but I good enough I guess. The interior can best described as clean cut slightly modern with a mom and pop shop vibe. I think the food here can truly be comparable to that of what would eat at a typical Vietnamese family's house. I'm sure the pho is just as good so I will be ordering that the next time I'm here.
5	Stopped here on our way back from zion national park and it was the perfect meal! Wonderfully attentive service that really went above and beyond--even gave us water bottles for our car ride home to orange county. Learned that this is a family owned and run enterprise, which is always great. The pho was really delicious too, with clear broth that was the right amount of tasty. Not overly oily. I imagine this to be a great hangover place from a wild night in Vegas :)
5	Expert staff, quick, and easy on the eyes ;)  seriously good service.  Pho was delicious and we have great pho to compare to in our home town. Looking forward to the next visit!  Very nice people run this restaurant.  They will go above and beyond to make your dining experience memorable
2	i went there expecting this restaurant to be better or the same as "pho kim long"..is not even in the same league. There's nothing special about this resturant the food is so-so..went in rush hour and the restaurant was empty, that was a sign I should have just walk out...Pho Kim Long still the best for pho and everything
4	While I am not Vietnamese, I love pho and consider myself a pho connoisseur. It's both comfort food and a staple. This was my first visit to Pho Lan after being badly disappointed at the other place I frequent in Las Vegas. We visit only once a year during CES, and so did not realize that Pho Saigon 8 had gone down the tubes. Checking out the Yelp reviews, we settled on Pho Lan, and the reviews were reliable as usual.The place was large and clean. Service was excellent - friendly without being too obtrusive. The Pho broth was delicious - it is the lighter style but delicious and not salty at all. However, it could have been a bit hotter as it was not hot enough to cook the bean sprouts I had stuck in there. I ordered #7 which was the more expensive combination, but there seemed to be just a couple of strips of tripe and tendon. Far too little - even though these are the cheap bits (which I love best). There was barely enough meat to go with all the noodles. Will be back next year...... and hopefully give them another star.
