4	Well, I went 2 the Outback's on Sahara on my 1st hott date wit my honey...I had a gr8 time cuz the convo was off the hook...Our waiter 4 the nite was very tentative but not overbearing...Steak was cool & the lobster tail was good, as usual...Drink was aight...I shoulda had a glass of wine...All n all, this spot gets a 5star cuz even tho I've been 2 this Outback b4, this was a very memorable nite 4 me...
1	Heaps of American friends rave about the Outback Steakhouse so one night when the wife and I were driving around looking for dining options we decided to give it a try.Speaking as someone who spent the first 34 years of his life growing up in Australia, I can categorically tell you that there is nothing even remotely "Australian" about the menu items at Outback. Yes, you can get "Fosters" beer, a beer sold almost exclusively for export and exceedingly unpopular in Australia, but if you ask an Australian what a "Bloomin' Onion is you'll receive a blank stare - This is AMERICAN food.I ordered some baby back ribs and a bloomin onion and my wife some sort of pasta dish.The food was absolutely disgusting - My ribs were very fatty and underdone and drenched in far too much of their sickly sweet sauce. fries were overcooked and dry.  The famous "Bloomin Onion" was so greasy I felt like I'd eaten a few tablespoons of pure lard after eating only a small portion of the thing.I have no idea why people rave about this place - The Outback Steakhouse is a faux Australian restaurant that amounts to nothing but a generic US steakhouse that doesn't even get close in quality to similar places such as Chilis.
5	Baby back ribs were awesome and the bloomin' onion was delicious.
4	Mother's Day of all days, was when we went here. It wasn't too bad, they said it was going to be a 10 min wait, but I called BS and we waited anyway. We waited about 30 mins, not too bad considering it'd be a pain to go else where and wait 1 hour. As we were waiting outside, a nice lady handed us a coupon for a FREE bloomin onion! She was so sweet, I guess they gave her so many coupons that she had extra left over lol.The Eats:His: T-Bone, Fully Loaded Potato, Veggies, Michelob UltraThe Kid: 6oz Steak, Mashed Potatoes, VeggiesMine: 9oz Steak, Mashed Potatoes, Veggies 2-Coors LightsPersonally, the steaks are way over seasoned but the quality of the meat isn't all that bad, isn't awesome, but isn't horrible. Cooked just the way that I'm used to, Med-Rare, and the veggies is where the meal fell short of that 5-star rating. Over cooked, which is hard for me to comprehend when I know in these kitchens, pre-portion the Veggies and either nuke them or flash 'em in some boiling water... Kinda mushy, even the snap peas, wth. The bloomin onion is pretty consistent, no complaints, yum!The service was great! I feel so bad that I don't remember his name, but he was nice enough to let us know about the 2for1 drink special, the Mother's Day special and everything. He checked up on us often and refills were taken care of without us having to request it.Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be back unless we have a gift card or something... Don't get me wrong, it was a great experience and not having it for awhile made it taste so much better but there are so many other better steak restaurants out there for a lot less.
5	My wife and I love this place. Very friendly people and food taste great. Many things to choose from. Good beer and food great for kids also.
4	Outback is one of the places my husband and I love coming to, to grab a bite to eat. Whenever I'm craving a margarita and something to nibble on, Outback is a great place to come. WIth happy hour, the margarita drinks are only about three dollars. The steak dinner is really yummy. While your waiting on your drinks and dinner they put out a plate of warm bread and butter. One of our favorite appetizers is the blooming onion, scrumptious! My husband usually devours the sauce! We've gotten the cheeseburgers also which are equally amazing! Always great service and awesome attitudes there! TV's to watch sports.
1	Terrible Service
4	Typically you can't go wrong with Outback.  Occassionally the staff isn't that great, but the last few times the waitstaff was on their game.
4	This is probably the best Outback Steakhouse I have been to in Las Vegas. My GF can eat at this establishment every night, that's how much she likes it. We started off with our usual Outback apps Seared Tuna, Coconut Shrimp, and Spinach/ Artichoke dip. All three were excellent. I really like that the Artichoke dip came out with these little Crustinis instead of Chips. I wasn't expecting to like some thing as cliche as Spinach/ Artichoke dip but surprisingly it was really good. Nice and creamy with healthy chunks of Artichoke in every bite. I liked the seared Tuna app so much I decided to order the seared Ahi Tuna entree and a side of grilled Scallops. The Tuna and the Scallops were cooked just right and the flavors were excellent too. I would definitely be back.
4	I have been to a bunch of steakhouses this is strangely my favorite! Outback never disappoints! I always have a great steak cooked perfectly. This location makes a great meal. They have a great steak. Great wedge salad. Great sides. Great blooming onion.
4	Alright so, I have been to several Outback's in my time, but this one was different in a good way. I was visiting my brother who lives across the street from this place and we went for an early dinner. Since we were eating so early I wasn't especially hungry. We sat in the bar area and were immediately greeted by our waiter. He took our drink orders and suggested the peach sangria. I ordered the "sharable pitcher" after ordering it, I noticed that it was more of a large drink for one rather then a sharable pitcher. My brother and his friend ordered the Outback special to eat there and another Outback special to take home for my brothers girlfriend. Our waiter was so helpful when it came to suggesting ways to re-heat the meal we were taking home. After I finished my pitcher I mentioned to our waiter that is was not very sharable... realizing my disappointment, he brought another glass of sangria to our table on the house. This place is awesome. Good food and just as important, great service. I will definitely be returning upon my next visit to Vegas :-)
4	First time back in nearly five years.  Nicely remodeled and well appointed.  Has more of an upscale feel over what I would consider a "sports bar" setting.  Nicely done.  When you pay 30 bucks for a steak, you shouldn't feel like you are in the middle of a college football bowl game.It is a chain, so you can do better but if you are price concscious, Outback satisfies.
4	Went to Outback last night - what I like about Outback is the friendly way you are greeted - hostesses always greet and open the door for you as you are walking in.  Our server last night let us know the soup of the day, we didn't have to ask.  Our courses were brought to us in perfect timing, we didn't feel abandonded.  Aussie Cheese Fries, were the best as usual.
2	Went to eat on a Saturday night since we had a gift card  Had to wait about 25 minutes and was then seated.  It had been a while since I had been at outback and they changed the menu quite a bit  It's obvious that they are trying to cater more towards the steakhouse aspect of their name and getting away from entrees.  I really liked their queensland chicken and shrimp but it's no longer offered on the menu  We ordered he bloomin' onion as an appetizer as my wife and I have always been a fan and it had been a while since we had it.  when it came out, we were pretty disappointed.  It was obvious they cut back on the size of the onion as it was considerable smaller than we had remembered.  Additionally, it was extremely greasy and over cooked.  We ate some of it and had to stop because of how much grease was on it. For our meal, I decided to get the alice springs chicken and my wife got the chicken and ribs combination.  My chicken breast was disappointingly small and about half the size of a normal chicken breast you get at the store.  Additionally, there were barely a handful of fries with the meal.  The chicken was very overdone and dry.  There was also a very heavy "woodfire" taste that almost seemed artifical.  My wife's meal was also disappointing.  There were only 3 ribs.  They were moderately sized and slightly overdone as well.  The chicken breast was unimpressive as well as it appeared to be a cutlet rather than a chicken breast.  Her chicken was also very dry and had a very heavy "woodfire" taste that seemed artifical as well.  She ordered a baked potato as her side and that was the best part of her meal.  Service was somewhat unattentive as we had to wait for drink refills which did not help with our disappointment with the entire meal.  Luckily we had a gift card otherwise I would have been even more upset with having to pay for the entire meal.  All in all, not very impressed and will probably be a long time, if ever, that we go back.  There are better choices for steakhouses in town with better food for comparable prices.
1	Very disappointed - ordered an appetizer and it came after our entree.  Didn't get plates for the appetizer.  Sent back a Wallaby Darn drink because of the large chunks of ice, it's supposed to be soothly blended.  The waiter looked at my empty water glass and never offered a refill, left my glass empty.  The restaurant wasn't busy, most tables were empty when we left.
1	was extremely disappointed with the service i received at this Outback!! my appetizer came out after my meal. I had to send my drink back because it wasn't made correctly. the waiter would walk by and leave empty plates and cups on the table. For the restaurant being very slow i was shocked that we had so many problems!! I typically go to this outback, but now will be finding another location!!
3	Food was good, waiter wasn't personable or friendly. Asked if I wanted a refill when I still had food on my plate, one glass minimum I guess on dr peppers?
1	Take out order was wrong.  Now they charge extra for the wedge salad.  I regret tipping the young man who brought out the order since he failed to ensure the order was correct.
3	I ll make this easy.. the bartender was great the salad was good the bread was softer and the potato was cold and small. Now the stake was great, the steak you could have pulled a part with a fork. wow i love it when you can do that . But the baked potato should be hot with ever thing melting a round it. All i got was a half cooked baby potato with cold butter. oh well maybe next .
5	Great food! One of my favorite restaurants. The Alice Springs Chicken is fantastic!
5	I've been coming to this specific location since I was 8 years old, so atleast 17 years!! Always have had great food and one of the only ones I've been to that have the Lobster Tails. They are my favorite and I come here almost every year for my birthday! AW
4	I'll admit it: I like Outback.  However, they are not all created equal.  This one has good food, great service.  They seem to always get the orders right and, like the others, it's still a good deal.
4	Great food. Great service. Had the filet with lobster tail and shrimp. Yum! Just what you expect from an outback
4	Great food, love the rid eye with onion ring ;) also the big bowl of chocolate dessert yum!
5	Love thiestaurant.  They have as good  a steak as the high priced steakhouses and the drinks and apps are not expensive.  Always recommend this to my friends.
5	Baboy wanted to come here. He says it's his fave spot! And I had never been here before. We had their famous bread and butter. French Onion Soup and Salad. He ordered some kind of steak and I got the prime rib and scallops! I ordered the prime rib medium rare - our server had to check to make sure they could still do that temp since it was late in the evening- they could! It came out perfectly cooked and delicious! I am obsessed with scallops as well and they were fantastic! Hunnie Bunnie had grilled cheese accompanied by some GIANT broccoli! Great side instead of french fries. Everything was great!
5	We've eaten here in the past but ate here again on Valentine's Day. The wait was an hour and a half but guess we should have expected this on Valentines.The staff was outstanding. We kept asking how long we had to wait. Other people of course had the same question. The hostess continually answered this question with a smile on her face all night.Our waitress was outstanding. The food was incredible. We even managed to force down a desert which is rare for us.We'll definitely be back again and again.
5	Wow.What a pleasant surprise! I had never eaten at an Outback before and was a little leery... I dont care for eating at chain restaurants....but very glad we did.. (we had actually planned on eating at the bistro at Siena golf course, but it was closed for a private party.. Lucky us!) We had the stuffed mushroom appetizer, excellent, then both of us ordered the steak and lobster. (I ate both lobster tails, he ate the steak).  We typically would go to Sedona, Tbones or  McCalls for  this type of meal, (and pay the price!)  but we took a chance and glad we did...My lobster was perfect, and his steak was outstanding.  The baked potatoes were just right (last time at McCalls they were not fully cooked). I always like just butter and sour cream on the side, and though they say "all the fixings" on the potatoes, they do accommodateA little hint... If one of you wants steak, and the other lobster, do what we did and order the combo.... Saves $$... Our Server was accommodating and efficient, not overboard. Great first experience. Will Return!
4	The wife and I started with the blooming onion.  The breading had a lot of flavor and the dipping sauce was very good, but the whole thing was very greasy. Next we had the French onion soup and 2 salads.  The soup was average.  The salads were great though. I had the wedge salad.  The bleu cheese dressing and the balsamic vinaigrette complemented each other very well.  One of the best wedge salads I have had.  The wife ordered the classic bleu salad, with bleu cheese vin, candied pecans, wonton strips, very good. For entrees, my wife ordered the wood fire grilled filet with mushroom Madeira sauce and a baked potato. Her filet was undercooked, but the sauce made up for it.  I ordered the alice springs chicken with a baked sweet potato.  The sweet potato was great, loved the butter and the brown sugar.  Same with the chicken.  I didn't know pouring honey mustard dressing over it would actually enhance the flavor. Overall better meal than I was expecting.
4	My husband is always telling me "steak isn't hard to prepare, it's the cut of meat, the grill flavor and the sides that make it a good meal".  So when my husband asked if I wanted to try Outback, I was a little surprised.They were very busy, but we managed to snag a table with very little wait.  Our server came quickly and offered to take our drink orders, we also asked for a couple of appetizers, the Seared Ahi Tuna, one for each of us.  It's served sashimi-style, big slices of tuna rubbed in bold spices and seared rare. Served with creamy ginger-soy sauce and wasabi vinaigrette.  It was an odd color, almost blackish, but the flavor as good.For my dinner I had Hearts of Gold Mahi, a wood-fire grilled Mahi topped with artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes, green onions and a lemon butter sauce. Served with fresh seasonal mixed veggies, This was delicious.  I recommend it, and it kept me within my "diet" standards.  We had good food, excellent service and even though I had the fish, it was a great meal for a steak house!
3	Its ridiculous to charge over$3 for a drink...food is good drinks are over priced
5	Me craving for some steak and seafood, mate..great prices and great food, cant beat that! (spoken with australian accent)
1	This place is mediocre at best. I have been here so many times and it was delicious. Now not good. The last four times we were here it wasn't good in anyway. The service from the moment we walked in the door was bad. They screwed up my salad and poured salt--they called it seasoning---all over it. Then the steak was way over cooked (I ordered medium). The fries were over cooked and crunchy. The water was never filled. They were terrible. I'm so disappointed. Eater beware this place is no good anymore.
1	I couldn't even eat my food it was really nasty. And all my  friends were in the same position. Not worth the money for crappy food, never going back.
1	This place couldn't cook a steak if it was cooked for them.  It's a steak house. How do you under cook someone's steak??????  They are over priced over priced over priced and their food is ok at best.  The steaks are tough too.  The 3 of us that dined here would never go back.  We didn't enjoy anything about it and oddly enough when we told other people that we went here, they too said WHY?? The steak is not good there and tough.  Gee I guess we should've asked other's first before going.
5	Great location! Went on a Saturday night and the wait was only about 10 minutes.  The place was clean and the service was friendly.  My porterhouse was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The food came out in a reasonable amount of time, and our waiter was attentive.  Will definitely be back!
5	The steaks here are as good or better than the high priced steakhouses.  The sides don't quite live up, but those steaks are to die for.  The service is quick and friendly.  The drinks are generous.  Yes, it is a chain and it looks like a chain, but if close your eyes and pretend that you're eating someplace where the steaks cost 3 times as much you won't know the difference.  Or is that cheating?  Anyway, for everyday eats, this is my favorite.
5	They were late to open and the blonde girl was really grouchy :( not the most welcoming.  She was the seating person.  The service though was awesome and the food was great so it all worked out :)) had lobster and steak special.  Matt was awesome!!
2	Outback STEAK-house apparently couldn't live up to it's steakhouse fame. We ordered their steak&lobster special and $9.99 steak special. Of course I don't expect $10 steak to be an example of perfection but I at least expect it to be edible. I ordered it medium but it came out absolutely medium rare. I struggled with cutting a first piece and I couldn't even chew it... it was just plain inedible. Wife ordered medium well and it came out medium. French fries looked soggy like they were sitting in a bin for a while. I sent my plate back and even though establishments attempted to give me a replacement meal I denied. To their credit they comped the desert.Bottom line... not going back there again. Steakhouse were you can't get steak right doesn't make sense.
2	I had a gift card and resisted my initial instinct to head to the trusted location I've been to near the South outlets, to come here instead. Bad idea. We arrived around 3:15, and they were pretty empty. Despite that, service was slow and they seated every subsequent party all in one area with no breathing space. Our server was nice, but a little on the slow side and refills on drinks and bread were hard to come by. We ordered before several other groups seated near us and yet our meals were the last to arrive.The shrimp appetizer we ordered was sad. Skimpy for the hefty price tag. My fella and I shared a porterhouse with baked potato for him and I added a sweet potato on the side. The steak game out dry but after waiting so long we decided to just suck it up without sending it back. My mom's chicken breast was dry as well.The best part about my meal was the sweet potato and that's sad for a steak restaurant, even if it is a chain.
5	I love Outback!! It's a little pricier for casual dining but totally worth it because my steak always comes with 2 sides. My favorite is the Victoria Cut or Prime Rib (Outback style). I never leave Outback hungry and always have leftovers for my dogs when I get home (they love that too). Their food servers are always friendly and always come back to ask if we need anything. Hosts are always friendly too; they always open the door for us.
5	We enjoy eating at Outback at least once a week. We always ask for the most friendly and efficient server. Joe Broderick make our evening fun and enjoyable!! The food is excellent and always prepared the way we like it. Can't say enough good things about going to the Outback!!! :-) :-) :-) :-)
3	It's not $80 filet mignon and a high-end steak house on the strip.  It is what it is and will do in a pinch. Usually I get the $11.99 special on Wednesdays - 6oz Outback special, side, salad, and dessert.  Not too shabby for 12 bucks.  I can only speak for the curbside take out.  The service is usually prompt, but sometimes they forget extras I've requested like steak sauce or salad dressing. As far as the food, it's standard fare but at least for take out, I would order one temperature grade less than you want.  I usually get medium but often get medium well - maybe carryover cooking in the Styrofoam containers.  Overall, good value for what traditionally is a once-in-a-while kind of meal.
3	The service was great. The food was subpar for the price. Both steaks were subpar in quality
5	Went with a group of guys from work and had a great time. The food was good, and the service was as well.
2	Prices are higher and food is worse. Blooming onion that we ordered was burned on one side and raw and bitter on another. Another one they offered in exchange was not much better. Back ribs were good.
5	Saturday night, January 4th 2014 about 5pm.  We came in & it was jammed packed with people.  It was about a 35 minute wait.  We asked to be seated with Victor, the young ladies at the podium were more than accommodating.  I had no idea we were celebrating my Birthday four days early, it was a nice surprise. We ordered soft drinks & a half order of Aussie fries (yum). I was going to get my usual, the Sweet Glazed Pork Tenderloin (11.99). Victor asked me if I had tried the Porterhouse (14.99), I had not & it looked delicious. I figured it would be nice to try something different.  I had mashed garlic potatoes & broccoli for my sides.This Porterhouse is freakin' HUGE.  I even snapped a photo of this thing. It came out medium as I had asked.  I could not finish it in the end & I ended up being over stuffed. Outstanding service from everyone.  I snapped pictures of the menu while we waited on the drinks (for yelp).  All & all it was delicious, 10/10 service. I even had dessert since today was my cheat day (I'm wheat, corn, Walnut & peanut intolerant). I had a slice of bread & Oreo ice cream that was fudging amazing (haha).
4	The curb-side to go is great here.  I ordered the Prime Rib Dip Sandwich and a Salad with Ranch.  Everything was great.
3	Firstly, I love their call-ahead service. It was great to be able to walk in and be seated so quickly. The bread is always great...one of my favorite complimentary breads. The blooming onion was a little disappointing...super greasy...not up to it's usual standard for sure. The steak was good...for the price. A little fatty though. The veggies were perfect, well seasoned and well cooked. The service was fantastic. And I love those new mini milkshakes, perfect size!
4	We came here on Valentines day which of course is busy. Our server did come back to check to see that everything was well, offer refills, etc. He was friendly as was the staff that opened the door. The food was good too. I didn't give 5 stars because it wasn't WOW but it was good and a favorite in the neighborhood because of the bloomin' onion. The blackberry sangria was delicious, and my first drink I've had here in the multiple times I have gone here. Great job guys!
4	Came here last night, 6/19/14 because I had a HUGE craving for steak plus they had a free appetizer special thanks to the Tonight Show which unfortunately ended tonight.So for starters we had the Blooming Onion and the Crab Stuffed Mushrooms, which the Blooming Onions never cease to fail and the stuffed mushrooms well I very much enjoyed those. My Only complaint, the portion is to small, haha. We also ordered two 8oz Victoria Filets with Baked Potato's and had the potato soup as well. Everything was delicious, my steak was cooked to perfection, juicy and tender just how I like it. The service was wonderful and we definitely had a great dinner. Outback surely did satisfy my craving!
5	Sooooo happy they are now open for lunch! Awesome lunch menu with lunch specials and all you can eat soup and salad!! Much less busy than dinner do it was relaxing and the service amazing as usual. Went out for BK and got Outback instead! So awesome!
3	Food was great.. But like I said in my last review we come because you shouldn't expect that your in Fine dining.. It's casual dining.. Our FAVE kinda of place!. Can't beat the price for what you get.. Carly was our server and was a great server.. Would of got 4 stars, but when we asked another server for just sugar.. He acted like an Ass and wanted to say it wasn't his table and walk away mumbling stuff under his breath! Oddly he was our server the last time we were here and didn't add him in my review of his conduct! But now I will.. Last time we came here.. He had the nerve to take the open seat next to my son while taking our order.. My son gave me the look as WTF! But I guess that's how he takes his breaks or he just thinks he owns the Joint! Wish I knew his name! Nonetheless, might be awhile before we revisit! PS: we didn't let it hurt our waitresses tip! If it were someone else they would of took it out on the Tip! Not her Fault!!
5	Food and service were great. Have not been to Outback in quite awhile because it had fallen off my radar for favorite restaurants.  It seems like they have changed it up a bit and stepped it up a notch. Food very good and service was great as well. I also found the meals to be a good value and priced competitively plus they have happy hour until 7:00 pm. Pleasantly surprised with my experience. Outback is back on my radar!
5	Did call ahead seating and they told me it was busy so I might have to wait, the wait was less than give minutes.  Our waiter Phil is a great waiter, haven't come across too many of those lately so it's a nice change!  We ordered a blooming onion and it was a bit small and without saying anything they brought us a second one!  Food was great, atmosphere was comfortable.  A nice dining experience.
5	We came here for a little steak dinner and noticed the place was already packed. The wait was small and we were given those little devices that vibrate when they're ready for you.We were seated and Justin was out server, he was very nice and made great suggestions. When I asked for more butter for the bread bc I had a mini Paula Deen (Santiago) he laughed and brought more out. Our food took little to no time and Santiagos kids' steak medallions were cooked perfectly. I ordered the Outback sirloin 8oz medium with a loaded baked potato. My steak was more well done, so when I let him know, and apologized for being a little bastard he had no problems replacing it. I told him sorry bc I inhaled the baked potato and to not worry about that, he was ever so kind to bring a new one.The manager even came out to apologize and offered a little desert for my sleeping child. My new steak came out and it was indeed perfect!This place is inexpensive, but the servers and staff really make it a great place to eat!YAY!
3	We've always enjoyed dinning here, but this time I wanted to try something different, I had the tilapia with the crab topping, YUCK.. The crab was mushy and just had a funky taste to it, and I like crab, I scraped itOff and continued to eat the fish which was ok, I think next time I'll stick to the usual "outback special" and bake potato .. That's always good . The service was good and they did adjust our check for the crab , they're always good about that..
1	Okay as I write this review, I am a little confused but I'll get to that in a bit.I understand Outback is not a 'great' Steakhouse so let's get that out of the way. As a chain my experience is that they are very consistent, medium prices and  decent food. That being said, it is my mother's FAVORITE place so when we got together in Vegas, we all decided that we'd be taking my mother to her fave eatery.First, an order of drinks. One frozen margarita with salt, one on the rocks with no salt. The waitress repeated the order and left. A while later the waitress brought our drinks but with no salt anywhere. My mother isn't a wave maker and so let it go. The waitress to her credit did realize the error (at the table instead of at the bar)and offered to correct it but Mom declined.We placed our orders with all of us getting entrees that were combined with endless shrimp. Three steaks all medium rare, one chicken. Two salads: one with onions, one without. As we were ordering, another table was seated next to us. Shortly, the waitress returned with a tray including our salads as well as the drinks for the new table next to us and bread. Our salads were apparently prepared by the bartender because, as with the salt on the margs, onions were omitted from both. She dropped off our salads and turned to the other table and gave them their signature OB bread on a board, we got nada. Originally we weren't going to ask for the lost onions but once we saw we also weren't getting the bread we decided to ask. We got her attention after she took the other table's order and asked if we had to special order the bread. She said no, it's on the way. "Oh", I said " but you brought theirs" And she says "yes, yours is coming." Okay, we were there first but whatever. The bread came out in a bit along with the missing onions, so everyone at the table could at least be eating something.Before the person who had to wait for her onions could finish her salad, the meals arrived. I cut into my steak and it was extremely tough. It was cooked properly though which can be tricky for a place like OB. All were tough. I cut off a piece, put it in my mouth and....nothing. The 'famous' Outback spice blend that is normally on the steak was nowhere to be seen. It was bland. I put a little salt and pepper and took another bite and chewed for days. My mother was still struggling to get through her first piece with the knife.Again, I know we were not at the best steakhouse but I've been going to OB long enough to remember when the New York strip was called the Ayers Rock Steak and the shrimp on the barbie was served on the yummy bread slice so I have something to compare. My mother was unhappy, my steak isn't good at all and the third steak being the small 5oz just plowed on through and focused on her flow of shrimp. We call the waitress over and explain about the the steaks being very tough and bland. My mother asks for another steak while I switch to chicken. The waitress leaves and to her credit, the manager arrives to see what the situation is. My mother explains the toughness of the steak to which the manager responds "Well, the New York Strip is our toughest steak." by way of explanation. I suppose if we had never had steaks before in our lives, it would have been a suitable one. I ask about the seasonings and how the steaks here didn't seem to be seasoned like all of the other OBs. Her response was that she could not speak to what the other restaurants do. Okay, I guess that's fair in a way.A little bit later, the manager brings the new food to the table and says she will wait until my mother samples hers to make sure it is okay. My mother starts cutting...and cutting and the manager just turns and leaves. No comment, no waiting to see if it's cooked properly or if my mother will ever be able to cut through it. She just walks away without a word. When my mother does finally get through it, it's well done. Remember, we all ordered medium rare. The waitress returns and my mother expresses her dissatisfaction with the second steak. The waitress offers her something else and my mother decides to just have the shrimp and no steak.We finally get the check. As you might imagine there is a mistake. While both my and my mother's original orders are removed, instead of changing mine to the chicken and endless shrimp combo, it's charged as two al a carte entrees, which is more $. I show the waitress who is confused again. She leaves, asks the manager, returns to tell me I changed my order and that's the charge. I explain again, she leaves again, returns saying she "got it now" and fixed the bill. This time it is correct.To be continued in the comments......
1	Poor service !!!  Cold appetizers ( frozen) lack luster attitude from staff .  Will not come back !  Get better service from sizzler.
3	3.5!!!This was my first (possibly second) experience at Outback Steakhouse and they definitely exceeded my expectations. We went on a Friday night around 5PM and they had a full house! I never knew Outback was so popular. They gave us a beeper and we waited about 30 minutes. I really like their booths, they are nice and spacious. Our server, Ryan, was attentive, friendly and fast. They start you off with warm bread that reminds me of the honey wheat bread at Cheesecake Factory. We ordered a few items, nothing stood out but everything was good. They currently have a steak and AYCE shrimp special that starts at $15.99.. My only complaint is that the fully loaded baked potato was overly salty so I will probably ask for no salt next time. HOT TIP: There is a "light bites" menu that features some items starting at $4.. I suggest the Blooming Onion Petals (smaller portion of their famous Blooming Onion) and their Melon Chelada!
3	Good quality food that hits the spot. It's a chain & known for it's steaks but I usually stick to the pork chops which have a heavenly sweet mustard sauce drizzled over them, mashed potatoes & a wedge salad which is always satisfying. The bar seating is extra casual & the service is always great. It's conveniently located down the street from our home so it's a regular stop. Glass of moscato only $5 bucks which is a steal :)
4	This is our first time to one of these. Love it! The calamari & marinara sauce was so good! And the warm complimentary bread-omg. We had the buffalo sandwich & the 8oz steak.  Both really good. Only downside (which is why I gave it 4 stars; actually I would say its more 4 1/2) the steak was a bit too rare. But it was still good. Service is also great. It was ok priced for all that we got. Desert is a must!
4	My children love coming  for dinner here. Always great food and tasty desserts! I love their coconut shrimp - ymmy :-)
5	It is very very rare that I ever experience perfect customer service.  But tonight we definitely did! Our doors got opened for us, seated right away, we had the best server...nice short chats, refilled waters when needed, and everyone thanked us as we exited.  Food was good. Nothing too fancy but very good.  I usually get the grilled salmon, but decided to go with the new item "firecracker salmon" and that was much better than the grilled salmon. We will definitely be coming back for good food and good customer service
1	Just came in to eat with my family. The server completely got my order wrong after articulating myself completely. The order was wrong 3 times, first of all he didn't hear my order and brought me something else. I ordered the filet and I was brought the outback special which is a sirloin with a lobster tail. If he heard me "wrong" then he would of brought me a lobster tail which he did not. After cutting into my "supposed to be" medium well steak, it was medium rare. The manager brought it back out, I could hardly cut into what I thought was my "filet", tried to eat it and it was so tough I could barely chew it. I told my server, Greg, that I didn't think it was right and he then told me that he "heard me wrong" and that I ordered the "outback special". Which again, couldn't of even been due to the fact that I wasn't brought out a lobster tail. After trying to explain this situation to the manger on duty she looked at me like I was a hassle. After almost an hour, she brought me out a filet, without my side that I ordered. By that time I was so fed up with these issues I just told her I didn't want it. She pushed back and said, "I just cooked you a new filet, and now you don't want it?" I said yes, that's right. I explained to her that I don't understand how this could of been misunderstood too many times, and that I have been coming to outback for 12 years and never had an issue up until tonight. Neither my server or the manager was wearing a name tag either which is unprofessional from everyone else. I will never be back to this location and if I would of gotten her name, I would be calling the GM tomorrow. I am a food and beverage manager and this was the absolute worst experience I could of ever had in a food establishment.
1	This is the worst Outback I've ever been to. I was seated and no one even acknowledged me. I waited ten minutes. No drink order, no food order, no nothing. I got up and left. This is the second time this has happened to me at this location. I'll never go back.
2	A chain is a chain is a chain. The calamari was dry and brittle. The prime rib sandwich-blah. Coconut shrimp-ok. The fish tacos-very good.   A cocktail costs as much as an entree. Service-decent (only 3 tables full).  Ron was nice. First time ever at an Outback. Had a gift card.
5	So we came in for the date night special.  We were seated right away. All I can say is it has been a great night! The food was perfect and the service was spot on! Our waitress Stephanie was prompt and although they looked very busy Stephanie's service was perfect. Thank  Stephanie.! We will see you again on "date night"
2	x
