5	This place is really wonderful because for 7 dollars you can have all you can eat salad bar which includes other things then just salad- it's clean, great service, and for the price it's more then you'd expect!It's right on to corner or eastern and tropicana I suggest giving it a try specially it your looking to get a bang for your buck!
5	Looking for a breakfast spot on the Eastside we ran across Dessy's located on the corner of Trop/Eastern in the old Sizzler location.Thay advertise as a burger & steak house so I was thinking a nice juicy burger.We arrived around 10:30 am and it was pretty slow, no line, no wait and to our surprise....They had a BUFFET!! $3.99! all-you-can-eat.We quickly forgot about burgers & steaks.Not a huge selection or anything but the staples. Bacon,sausage,eggs,oatmeal,malt-o-meal,french toast,pancakes,hashbrowns,and of course an entire salad bar.We arrived at brunch so they were changing items so we also got-tacos,chicken wings and more.It was very clean,great service,good food, BEST Lipton Iced Tea anywhere and it was  under $20 for 3 people!I want to go back soon and try the burgers & steaks.
5	Wow! Great soup and salad bar (with hot food), nice prices (except alcohol), good service generally.Aside from waiting 30 minutes for a medium rare steak, it was served perfectly mediumrare and the bottomless pepsi and gorgeous soup and salad bar MoRe than made up for it!Looks like good desserts too (review of fried ice cream to follow in an update) . Really caring staff, if things were not so busy. Staff has skills and smiles...big bonus!
5	This place is great for burgers & steaks. A friendly atmosphere with great service.Add the salad & soup bar for under $4pp. Lipton Tea-nice & strong.Steak was tender & juicy cooked to perfection and baked potato was great too.Strange how I only see seniors here but they know a great meal & great deal when they see one!!
4	I've only been here a few times for the lunch buffet.  They'll get you in and out for under 10 bucks with tip, I like that.The buffet is good sized and obviously has salad, ha ha, but they've also got chicken wings, tacos, nacho fixings, pizza, and ice cream!  I wouldn't call the food outstanding but the selection is good and the price is right!The staff is also very friendly, I love it.  They "get it" when it comes to customer service.
5	THE BEST BREAKFAST BARGAIN OUT THERE!If you're looking for BREAKFAST near Trop and Eastern, Dessy Burger is definitely a place to try. We hit a lot of breakfast joints in northern Henderson and we ventured up north to check this place out. We give it two thumbs up. (The Five Stars is because it is such a great bargain. If it were a few dollars more I'd drop the rating to Four Stars.)We went on a Saturday morning around 9 am and we did not have to wait to get a seat. When we first got there and realized that the only way to go was the buffet, we were a bit concerned. We recently had a free full breakfast buffet in a hotel's restaurant and it was abysmal. Once we saw that the eggs were fresh and fluffy and there was a good selection of other items we felt a little better. But when we found out that it was $5.99 and that included a drink, we were hooked. Rather, it reminded us of the era in Vegas, not too long ago, where great cheap eats were abound. (ThirstBusters $1.99 breakfast, anyone?)The eggs were as good as they looked. The bacon and sausage were of very acceptable quality for being all you can eat. (At $5.99, mind you.) Of the breakfast bready type stuff, the French toast sticks were my fav. They had three types of hot cereal, although I have to say that one of my very few disappointments was that the grits were not very good. I like grits and I'm not excessively picky, but there were many other yummy options that I wouldn't gave them again. It's cool that the full salad bar was available. They had many other nice touches like biscuits and gravy, Mexican breakfast items, and Soft-Serv ice cream. The staff was very good. The atmosphere was like an old style Sizzler, but it was clean and had high ceilings which made it feel open and bright.Our bill came and was $12.95 for the both of us. We were totally satisfied and happy to have discovered this gem. We definitely like the places like The Cracked Egg, but if you're looking for a good breakfast for a price that's hard to beat, check out Dessy Burgers.
5	We had a great burger and fried chicken dinner!  The prices are reasonable for the quality and quantity of food you get!!  The waitress was excellent and salad bar was replenished often and older food was taken away.  The place is clean and we'll be returning here when we visit Las Vegas again!
3	All in all, I give this place 3.5The food wasn't that great. My husband didn't enjoy his turkey burger, and most of our stuff was served at room temperature or cold. There were a few tables when we initially were seated, so I can give them the benefit of the doubt. The server we had was amazing, though. Very personable, warm, friendly, and attentive without being annoying or hovering. We'll go back and try again, for sure. It's a dive, so I didn't expect a lot. We had a LOT of food between 4 of us, though, and it was less than $60.
3	I came for a good burger and got one!  The homeade potato chips were my choice of side, and they were a great alternative to fries.I added $3.49 for the salad bar, which is really a buffet.  The buffet is good sized and obviously has salad, but they've also got chicken wings, tacos, nacho fixings, pizza, and ice cream!  Lots of "filler" items such as jello salad, potato salad, whipped cream, etc.  The basics in terms of fresh veggies, but nothing exotic. I wouldn't call the buffet outstanding but the selection is ok and as an add-on to an entree the price is right.  I guess on a budget, you could also make a full meal out of the buffet. It was well maintained/clean.I agree with the comment that they "get it" when it comes to customer service.  Makes up for the no-frills atmosphere of a former sizzler.Seems to be mostly locals "in the know".
4	Bumping this up to 4 stars. Returned here yesterday with just my husband. There were more people in, but the service was still equally attentive, without being clingy... and this time the food came out hot. The -1 star is because they always seem to be out of something (chicken strips today), and their taco/nacho station didn't seem that good. I just ended up having a couple salads, and my burger meal. We're supposed to go back here tonight because our friends from last week want to attend again though. Maybe they can earn that extra star back.
4	Another spot that I found by using the yelp app. This place has a friendly atmosphere with great service.Being from out of town, we decided to eat at some place away from the strip.  It was crazy, but we all decided to check this place out.  The service was great and was very friendly.  I ordered a steak, which came out perfect, just the way I like it.  Most places usually overcook the steak, but this place hit spot on. Besides that, my meal included a drink and the salad bar all under $20, which is pretty decent in my book.  Upon exploring the salad bar I came up to some things I didn't expect.  First off, when someone says salad bar, I only expect to get salad out of that.  This place surprised me when I was able to create my own nachos or tacos.  The additional choices in the salad bar took me by surprise.This place gets 4 stars.  All I can say is that the service speaks for itself.  When you reach a place that has a friendly atmosphere and great service, then half your dining experience is already satisfied.
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been mentioned before?    "The service was great and was very friendly."    "The service was still equally attentive, without being clingy."    "I came for a good burger and got one!"The story behind the restaurant is that the District Manager bought out this restaurant when the Sizzlers closed up and pulled out of Vegas. He rehired the original staff and changed the food so it was, err, um, good. And it is. The food is good, and the salad bar is an excellent value. I like making a taco salad using lettuce, taco meat, ground beef and salsa. From the menu I ordered a burger and was very pleased with it. Drink refills came automatically without the glass ever hitting empty. The service was friendly and the atmosphere relaxing and pleasant. Unlike the old dark shadowy Sizzler restaurant, Dessy Burgers was repainted in light colors for an airy look and feel.It is true no restaurant can be everything to everyone, and I noticed a 1 star rating a little down this list. Let's be clear that there is not a buffet in this restaurant; instead there is a large salad bar remaining from the sizzler. Aside from salad you will find a build your own taco bar, hot pizza and an assortment of fresh fruits. For desert there is a build your own sundae bar. This is an excellent choice for any casual meal, and I highly recommend it.
4	Awesome service!!!!Food was good... decently priced!  And the service was awesome!!! (Yeah, I know I said that already... )Basically, there's a main menu where you get your burgers, steaks, seafood and then an all-you-can-eat salad bar which you can add-on to your main menu or just have it all by itself.  I had a steak and fried shrimp special which included a soda (w/ free refills), all-you-can-eat salad bar, and the steak and shrimp w/ mashed potatoes.  Okay, so the mashed potatoes were crap... I'd recommend getting fries instead, or maybe something else... I paid less than $20 for this meal which I think is pretty damn good... If you're want to venture off the Strip for some decent food, I'd say this place is worth a shot...
3	So this place is basically the sizzler that was run there, with new management. The steaks are good portions, no leftovers. The steak and endless shrimp is a great deal. They bring out the shrimp on a big plate, so you don't have to continuously ask for more. It's not the best place in the world, but I would consider going there again. PS: Don't order the mashed potatoes, obviously boxed, and bland.
4	It's like Sizzler, except their menu items don't suck, and you can still get the chicken wings and the potato wedges in the salad bar (no cream corn balls though).  I had the Steak and Shrimp plate, 16.99 + 9.99 upgrade to the ribeye (my only complaint here is the prices are a bit high), came with the salad bar and a drink (I had the fruit punch, my default choice when available).  The steak was good (not the best cut, but cooked as I ordered it, medium-rare), juicy and flavorful, unlike Sizzler, dry and cardboard.  I like the fact that the shrimp were large, plump, and fresh-fried - unlike most diners where the shrimp are tiny and came out of the freezer section from the grocery store.  I've only had one server here since I only come near closing and it's on my way back to my place from campus, nice guy, never did catch his name (actually, I had a lady server here once, nice lady as well, gave me a tip on the Texas toast, did not disappoint).
4	We were visiting Vegas this week and asked a lady that lived in the area for a steakhouse along the lines of Outback but that was local - something the tourists don't get to see. She suggested Dessy B's. It was a great pick!The decor was a bit outdated, but the story of how this steakhouse came to be is a good one, so you can't really blame them, and honestly, decor doesn't have a ton to do with decent food.The story is that the steakhouse used to be a Sizzler, but Sizzler decided to close four restaurants in the area, leaving tons of people out of work. The district manager for these Sizzlers decided it was time for him to open his own restaurant. He got a loan, hired back most of the employees from the closed restaurant and named it Dessy B's. The employees themselves actually helped re-finish the interior to change it over from Sizzler and I think if I remember correctly they actually own part of the business.Anyway, the food is pretty good. I wouldn't say five star, but definitely better than a Sizzler! My boyfriend and I split the chicken and steak dinner with broccoli on the side and it was plenty for two people. The food was simple, but tasty - like it was made in Mom's kitchen.They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. We wanted to go back for breakfast but our Canadian friends wanted to go to an IHOP (apparently they don't have those in Canada). I'm sure breakfast would've been equally good. The prices weren't bad - we split a dinner remember, but the total bill for the chicken AND steak dinner and two drinks was $16 (without tip).I think those visiting Vegas and looking for something a little less flashy than the strip will really enjoy this place, and if you're a local definitely check it out!
1	This is the first time my yelp app has failed me.  I used my app to find something in an unfamiliar part of town and this seemed like it would be good place. I don't get it. This place was sooo terrible I don't know how they are still in business. We all ordered steak and shrimp with the salad bar. Worst steak ever. They must use the lowest possible grade of meat. Overall food was bland, dry, and definitely overpriced ($18.99). I wouldn't have paid more than $2.99, knowing that I could have had better for $3.99 at a casino cafe.
3	Well for 3.99 it wasn't horrible! The eggs are def weird, I think powder. The french toast is probably from a box, which is fine with me and everything else was greasy or kinda cold. The place itself is kinda big, but the "breakfast buffet" is really a breakfast bar. Unless you want to add the salad bar of course, which I kinda hinted to my waitress I DID want and she just looked at me funny. The staff is a mix, one super nice waitress and a few reserved ones. The Christmas decor was super cute, my son especially liked it. Overall this place is decent, you can't beat 3.99 for a breakfast that includes bacon. As for the rest of the menu I have no idea, I seen some people do a "walk-around" the buffet then order off the menu.
5	Two big thumbs up for Dessy's.Everyday, trustworthy steakhouse and salad bar (with hot food) and reliable service. This restaurant has a very compelling story behind it. It used to be a chain steak restaurant that was abandoned by corporate, then the employees banded together and opened it back up again. There is an immense level of pride here, and you can tell if you pay attention. I like this place very much, for what it is...and what it is not.  What you get at Dessy's is a good steak, reliable service, fresh salad bar (with hot food), and a pretty good price. What you do not get is treated like a tourist, overcharged, or anything else but a good feeling in your tummy. (I know I got a good feeling in my tummy every time I ate there, bar none...which is more than I can say for some other places).This restaurant is conveniently located at Eastern and Tropicana, very close to The Strip, McCarran International Airport, and UNLV. Ample parking. Really good (flavorful and strong) iced tea.
2	For what it is, Dessy B's could be better. If you're going to do diner food then it has to be done right. I had a burger with some mushrooms, bacon and cheese. The burger was ok but something I could have grilled up myself at home. The mushrooms in my burger looked like they came straight out of a can, and tasted like nothing. The salad bar looks great and can be a good add on, but salad bars don't excite me enough for return visits. I'm glad I tried a local spot but most likely will never be back.
3	Large portion, very friendly service, will be back!
5	The food is really good here. The decor is not my favorite and the restroom smelled awful but I enjoyed the restaurant. We went for lunch I had the salad bar and a tea, my wife had the endless shrimp and added on the salad bar and a steak and our total was $22. The food was great! They definitely don't skimp on the shrimp either. The salad bar was very fresh and clean. There was nothing I wanted to steer clear of. I would definitely go again!
5	Best steaks in Vegas! That is coming from a true carnivore. Great service never had to look around for out waitress. Don't let the outside fool you like it did me. Take a chance and you'll be amazed.
3	6.99 for lunch... Wings, Salad, and Tacos not bad..
1	I was very dissapointed, & will never go back!!!!!!!!!On monday, March 14th 2011, my son & I went to Dessie B's because I had a Groupon that I paid $15 that gave me a voucher to get $30 worth of food. 3/4 of the way thru dinner,  my son found a hair in his food! We told the server, & she offered to get him another order of fries! Well, if you are like me, you are turned off, & you are'nt eating anything else!When I got the check, they did'nt take his meal off, & I was sitting there arguing w the manager! She offered that the next time we come in, he could get a kids meal comped, but that was'nt good enough for me, as I paid $13.99 for his steak & shrimp! She was explaining to me that my son ate 3/4 of his meal, & that comping him a kids meal would be fair! FAIR? He found a hair in his food! Then the waitress was arguing w me about the hair...are you kidding me? I told the manager not to worry about it, that I would pay for the whole bill, but that I would never come back! After arguing back & forth for about 15 minutes,she finally said," I don't want you upset & took the bill from my hand & told me not to worry about it..that she will take care of it"!  So as she is walking back to the kitchen, she proceeds to pick up my to go box & drink (that was sitting on the counter) to throw it out in the back!!!!!  I was just standing there up front watching her walk away!!!!! That was my food she took from me...it had nothing to do w me! And she also took my $30 voucher too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a bad experience it was....That was a big rip off, & I would suggest you never go there, cause if something is wrong w your food or you happen to find a hair...they prorate how much you have eaten, & give you the difference!!!!!!!!!!!I could'nt believe how a manager handled the whole situation!SHE TOOK MY FOOD...I paid for that voucher!!!!!! WHAT A RIP-OFF!So, the bottom line was...I paid for two meals w my  $30 voucher that I paid for..1 meal had a hair..I paid for both, & then to top it all off...she takes my to go box that had my baked potato & a whole shrimp skewer!I lost on that experience...and you will too!!!!!!!!!!
2	Can't say I'm a fan. Growing up, I've been to my share of Sizzler's and this place has a "Sizzler-ish" vibe to it, just not as good and lacking cheesy bread. It's even taken up residence in an old Sizzler.We got the soup and salad bar. The ingredients weren't fantastic. I saw wilted lettuce on the line, which I found unappetizing as well as cheese sauce covered with a layer of goop that was also pretty gross looking. I stuck with chicken wings and some of the other salad offerings. Their soup offerings were lacking. Just navy bean and french onion on this particular occasion. The service was pretty slow. I waited for long periods trying to get their attention to get refills and new plates. Overall, nothing I couldn't get in a casino EDR and definitely nothing I would want to pay for. Not sure about their menu items, since I haven't had tried any of them, but I can't say I'll be back to do so anytime soon.
2	First off, I am always a supporter of "Mom and Pop" businesses and when I heard the story behind Dessy's I had to check it out. I have to be honest though. It wasn't that good. We went in about 7pm on a weekday, it was empty inside and the employees working seemed preoccupied with cleaning and preparing to close the restaurant rather than wait on guests. Once we got situated our server was attentive though and provided decent service. I am in the restaurant industry and I know the difference between being an order taker and being a good server. That night we got order taker service. I ordered a steak, it was tough and more of the steak was not edible than was edible. The fries were good and the salad bar was just OK. There was not much of a selection and everything seemed to have been sitting out for quite a while. However, I understand why. They are a new establishment and they are trying to stay afloat in a crummy economy. They use lower quality cuts of beef, and try to keep as much food as possible from spoiling and are reusing what they can for as long as they can. A few tips to the management if you are reading this. Get some better cuts of meat, add more to the salad bar, refresh the food in the salad bar more often, and train your waiters to work more on impressing the guests and being more than an order taker and your business will be much better off. I am willing to give Dessy's another shot for sure though. Don't write this place off though. Give them some time to grow and mature as a business and you will have a decent place to grab a quick bite. Keep at it Dessy's, I want to see you suceed!!
5	I would go to this place all the time if there were in LA! Their salad bar rocks! Tacos, wings, plus all kinds of salads. They're incredibly low priced. It does feel very Sizzler-ish tho, but not franchised and low quality like Sizzler.There are lots of competition when eating in Las Vegas tho. Still, beats lots of places in California at the same price point.edit: I originally gave them 4 stars, but I want you guys to try them. If you're hung over and hungry, they're great!
3	Service seems to be on a bad roll in this town because I had another fifteen minute wait for water, and to order. The hostess was fumbling around with some receipts at the front and did not seem genuinely interested in the fact that I was standing there like a moron, although she did mutter "I'll be with you in a second". Messing around with paperwork should come second to serving a customer since it'll be there in a second while the customer may not. I apparently wasn't the only one screwed for the wait for a drink and to order because the couple in the table next to me inexplicably had to wait even longer. I felt so bad that I was going to just give them one of my salad bar plates. The AC apparently was also malfunctioning which didn't help matters, but it's hard to say if the problem is apathy or that they seriously couldn't get anyone to fix it immediately and put in large fans in its place. Assuming the AC is an accident, and since the potato skins and wings are still there, Dessy's still has three but definitely has some issues to address.
4	The ribeye steak is served with your choice of potato (French fries). The steak had a good char flavor, but not seasoned enough. It needs more salt and pepper before it is thrown on the grill. A little garlic butter would go great on this too. Otherwise, the steak was cooked to a perfect rare. The French fries were cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Ask for a side of Ranch dressing for dipping. It's definitely made in-house and you can taste the freshness. Thumbs up but need more seasoning!The full rack pork ribs served with your choice of potato (French fries). The ribs were tender and had a good crust on them, but bbq sauce fell short on flavor. It tastes like a tame A1 sauce. The sauce needed a bolder flavor to stand up to the fat in the pork. Their barbeque sauce was a good dip for the fries though.
5	My family and I went to Dessy B's for breakfast this morning and could not have been any happier.There is a Denny's across the street and quite frankly, Denny's can suck it.Dessy B's country fried steaks are the perfect combination of excellent breading, low grease, and exceptional flavor. Their steak and eggs excel in both the quality and accuracy of the steaks.Also, their prices beat the Denny's chain. I am free, brother. I am free.Summary:Pros:-Cheap-Delicious-Large Portions-No Wait-Attentive Staff-LocalCons:-More than a walk away from the Strip-Staff can be a little eerily friendly
3	Was at Dessy's tonight for dinner. There were 3 of us and we had a 25 dollar gift certificate from restaurant.com.  The place is decorated kind of oddly. I'm not sure what all the pictures of indians around have to do with it. It seems like the wait staff wears like cowboy uniforms so it wasn't the most visually appealing decor I guess is what I'm saying. Our server was nice and attentive without being overbearing. One thing that sort of irked me was their drink glasses. They are like the thick glass pint glasses and with ice you don't get much of a drink in them so if you drink alot of beverages during your meal you're gonna be flagging down someone every couple minutes.  Also the menu had no wine or beer list, but I think they serve them. I have no idea really, the waitress never mentioned them. It woulda been nice because it's hard to spend 50 dollars here unless you're going to get steak or lobster which none of us we're in the mood for. The food we ordered came out quickly and was pretty good. I got the california chicken but I wouldn't order it again unless they put it between a bun with some bacon and some kind of ranch based sauce. It just doesn't belong on a plate by itself IMO.  The salad bar is good.  The greens and other mixins (basically anything you can want to put on a salad) are very fresh and inviting. They have 7 different salad dressings available as well. Also on the bar are wings, which are decent, pizza which I didnt try, tacos and nacho ingredients, pudding, ice cream, spaghetti? I think. So at the end of it all our bill was 45 before tax so we didnt end up using our coupon. We we're planning on having a drink or two which would of made it enough to use but the menu has nothing on it. We even looked for desserts and didn't see any. I think as a restaurant they would push things like drinks and desserts because that is what creates the higher checks and profit margins. I probably would not return for dinner because the food, mine at least, does not warrant a return and the salad bar, which I liked, at 9 dollars is just too much considering I can goto Sunset station for a dinner buffet @ 9.99.   However, being a small business, I definitely support them for what they are doing, and they obviously are doing something right for being open 3 years. If they change their decor and menu offerings a little I think they would generate a better business.
2	Took my siblings from Houston here for dinner because we had a $50 coupon and the rating was fairly good, so we were expecting to have some good foods. Unfortunately, the steaks we had was not that good. My sister's drink glass had lipstick on it. When she notified the waitress she even asked if my sis was wearing lipstick; seriously? If she was wearing it she wouldn't raised the issue in the first place. Two stars for the chef for cooking the steaks the way we wanted and the good desserts.
3	I had a steak here.  It was prepared as requested and was ok.  The staff was really nice.  This is an interesting old place.
1	This company falsely advertises an All-You-Can-Eat breakfast, not mentioning that it is ONLY available on Saturdays and Sundays.  So, I went in on a weekday, thinking that it was available, traveling well out of my way to try it.  You can imagine my disappointment when the cashier told me when it was available, and WALKED AWAY FROM ME, when I politely suggested that the sign be changed, to reflect that it was a "weekends only" offer.Later on, feeling that this matter needed to be brought to the attention of others, I filed a formal complaint with the Better Business Bureau of Las Vegas NV, but to show you how little the company cares about their reputation (and customer satisfaction) they NEVER responded at all, to my perfectly proper complaint.Check out their BBB rating, and you will see that they have an "F" rating, and rightly so.http://www.bbb.org/southern-nevada/business-reviews/restaurants/dessy-burgers-in-las-vegas-nv-90010387I won't ever visit them again.  ONCE was enough for me!
4	Im surprised this place doesn't have more reviews on here!? We went there tonight for the first time and the food was great. I had the rib eye steak with baked potato and my husband had the porterhouse. My steak was juicy and tender unlike other places I have tried. The all you can eat salad bar + soup was only $3.79 extra added onto our meals so it was a good deal. My kids had the fish sticks, fried shrimp with fries and they liked it. I didn't really care for the soups but the salads were fresh and you can choose from making your own tacos, spaghetti and ice cream. I would definitely go there again for the steaks and try the other items on the menu!
5	Hello All,We went to Dessy B's last night just because we were in the neighborhood. What a pleasant surprise we had. It was a really nice "locals" restaurant. I would also say it is great for our family visitors and the Tourist Folks.This place is 7 days a week. Serving breakfast, lunch, dinner, or anything any time you want to stop by. The menu is extensive. It is a steakhouse with more than steak.The salad bar was full of fresh cold freshly prepared salad items. Not huge but, very good. There is also a Taco bar, Soup (Best Bean soup I've ever eaten) Spaghetti bar. Pizza, and ice cream machine. There are even hot crispy fried chicken wing pieces. All this can be yours for just under $9.00 or have it with your meal for about $4.00.Our Server was Ashley. She savvy and friendly. She walked us through the menu and made the right suggestions for us. We both had 1 lb. Rib Eye Steaks with a baked potato. OK, Wife likes her steaks dead. I on the other hand like mine to flop around when I cut into them. These two steaks were perfectly cooked for each of us. The bakers were big and mine, as I had asked came filled with sour cream and butter. I was to full for dessert but, Libby had a nice piece of cherry pie and then took it to the ice cream machine and buried it in sweet vanilla ice cream.Our next trip here will be this weekend to try the breakfasts. This is going to become a regular stop on our evenings out to dinner. This is NOT " LV Strip" food. It is better and a lot less costly.Try it, you will enjoy this relaxed atmosphere and plain good food.http://www.dessybssteakhouse.com/
5	We ate at Dessy B's when we were in Las Vegas last year.  Actually, we ate there several times because we were so pleased.  We had to go back on our return this year to see if it was as good as we remembered.  It was!  The salad bar is fantastic and so was the steak.  It was seasoned perfectly and cooked just like I ordered it  We will definitely return before we leave town..  Great place!!
3	Great local place. Love the simple dinning room atmosphere. Been here 'bout half dozen times. We've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here in the past. Always good food served fast.  Last night had the grilled butterfly rainbow trout with good sized loaded bake potato for $10.99. Added the all-u-can-eat salad bar for a reuced cost of $3.79. Realized I really didn't need the additional food. The entree was plenty. The trout was seasoned perfectly and grilled to perfection. The skin easily seperated from the tender fish meat. We really like to bring the kids because of the all-u-can-eat salad bar. It is always fresh with the usual stuff as well as pizza, pasta, tacos and wings. The latter is the main reason we go for the kids. Order just the salad bar, $6.99 for adult, $5.99 for Tweens and $4.99 for kids under 12. The only disappointment last evening was they had no wings and pizza when we arrived at 8:30pm. They may have had some out earlier but just didn't replenish??
4	I liked this place when it was a Sizzler's.  Than they closed it, but the managers bought it and opened it as an independent steak and seafood with the same style value meals.  I like the friendly service (many of them were there when it was a Sizzler's) . Good family food at a nice price and easy to find just off the strip.  .  I take visiting friends and family here when they want good food not expensive food.  I also like to support worthy locally owned businesses like this
5	We have been here more then once but I have never rated it. This last visit made me have to take the time to do that.The food was GREAT. I had the steak and shrimp while the wife had the shrimp skewers. We got the all you can eat salad bar for $3.79 extra. That was the deal for sure.They had everything you could want and then some. There was chicken, (yes at the salad bar), quesadilla's, re-fried beans, peaches, taco's and of course all the salad fixin's you would get on any salad. They even had SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM and toppings for dessert all for the $3.79. For 2 of us we got out of there for just over $30.The service was also right on. The waiter checked on us frequently and was there with the water pitcher every time. He got a great tip for sure !And for all of you coupon people they are in the Entertainment book.
4	While we were in town for a conference, we passed the restaurant and checked it out here on YELP. Most complaints seemed to be about the outdated decor so we thought we'd check it out. The staff was friendly and the food was plentiful and tasty. Since it was once a Sizzlers, the salad bar looked quite inviting. We chose a side salad with our meals to avoid overindulgence. ;-) We will eat here again next time we are in Vegas & will recommend it to our friends.
3	Dessy was a nice place to hit to visit with some relatives.  Away from the noise and the strip we enjoyed a good meal at a good price.  The restaurant.com cert also went a long way. Great service with a hometown feel.  This is definitely a local place that is popular with the older crowd. The salad bar was better than the meal.  My steak was average, but I made an extra trip to the salad bar.  My wife thought her Salmon tasted frozen, but was edible.  This place is a half step ahead of a sizzler/golden corral type spot.  Not complaining but know what you are getting into.
4	It used to be a Sizzler. Food was good and server was also nice.Pros: Nice server, food taste delicious, Price ok, not bad!Cons: Looks alittle old inside, could need alittle remodeling.Not bad place to try out if you want to try something away from the strip or spring mountain.
4	First of all, you have to get Al as your server.  Great guy, great personality.  I used to be in the business and appreciate good service and people in all types of places - don't find it much anymore....We have driven by Dessy B's a million times and thought it was going to be a horrible experience but we had a restaruant.com coupon and thought we would give it a try for a discount.  Inside, kind of old school, but with Al and all the choices of the menu, it was great.  My steak was cooked perfectly, the broccoli was cooked perfectly, the shrimp were cooked perfectly.  My husband thought the chicken was rubbery, but it wasn't, it was moist!  He likes dry chicken anyway.  And there was enough food to take for lunch the next day.  How can that be bad?  We didnt' do the salad bar, but it was fresh looking and plenty of choices.
5	I really like this place.  It's homey and I think it might actually be owned by its employees.  For what it is, a comfortable family-style steakhouse, it is definitely the best in its class.  I have eaten there a few times and have enjoyed every trip.  Today I particularly liked the chicken fried steak breakfast.  The chicken fried steak was perfectly done and delicious.  You get good value for your money here.  Another plus for us it that It's also very family-friendly.
3	We decided to go out to eat last night and knew that it was a mistake since it was the day after Valentine's Day. We tried a few places and the wait lines were 45-60 minutes. We had a coupon from the Entertainment Book for Dessy B's and it wasn't too far away. We came here once last year after a UNLV basketball game and thought it was OK. One year later, it is still OK. We both had the soup and salad bar and were not disappointed. Actually, I would not have over eaten if that fried chicken had not been so darn good. We didn't have to wait in line and service was great. Our EB coupon is gone, but we will definitely go back soon.
3	Came here with my man to get a quick bite to eat & because I had a Groupon.. We both got a the small filet $9.99 with broccoli and added the salad bar for like $4.. The server provides clean plates for you at the table.. The salad bar by itself is around $8 & you could definitely make an entire meal off the salad bar alone because they don't just have salad/veggies they also have fried chicken, build your own tacos/nachos, quesadillas, spaghetti & strawberry shortcake.. I didn't eat any of those items though so I can't comment on them haha The salad bar seemed to be kept clean & fresh. The whole time we were at the SB there were employees refilling/cleaning the area so that was good to see. I also liked that they didn't just have lettuce but they also had spinach.. I didn't like that they used cheap dried fake bacon bit things instead of actual real bacon bits.. I tried the soup that they had which was Split Pea with ham and it was pretty decent. The steaks were alright, nothing much to really say about them lol Service was friendly. Atmosphere is very dingy & old. Food was just ok.. All in all I would probably rather go to Sweet Tomatoes for all my salad bar needs since they are about the same price and because I would rather eat Sweet Tomatoes' chili than Dessy B's fried chicken haha HOT TIP: If you like people singing on your birthday let the server know.. they do the whole embarrass you by singing to you thing hahah
5	This place was fantastic. A couple things to note: some menu items on the website are not on their menus at the restaurant. It needs to be requested.My dad got Teriyaki pineapple chicken. He said it was not bad. The pineapples are chopped up into little tiny pieces which is cute. The dish comes with the choice of vegetables, chips, fries or baked potato. He got baked potato - the baked potato came with butter - A LOT of butter. That was pretty surprising. Overall, he liked it. My mom got the salad bar - now, I am very much impressed by the salad bar. You can eat a heck out of that mini buffet. It doesn't just have salad; it has pasta, pizza, taco, fried chicken and ice cream. Ice cream wasn't ready when we went there so aw. But, it's alright.My brother got grilled chicken something with chips. Now, the grilled chicken is pretty small, actually. It is covered with ham and some kind of cheesy alfredo sauce. I initially ordered the bottomless fried shrimp - it was one of the menu items online. But they will not have it ready until very later so I got the alfredo baja chicken pasta instead. It was pretty delicious. The alfredo sauce was not as creamy, but I like it that way so it was nice. And, it came with toasts. I used the groupon for 4 ppl so it was pretty cheap. Even if I didn't have the coupon and I live in vegas, I would go back.
2	The owners definitely need to buy better quality products.  My husband's rib-eye was full of gristle.  Would rather pay a few dollars more for edible steak.  I ordered the ribs, which were "OK", and I wasn't wild about the BBQ sauce.We also ordered the onion ring appetizer.  Tasted like they could have been frozen "Ore-Ida" onion rings.  The salad bar was not that impressive.  Chicken looked greasy, so I didn't even bother to try it.We added on a skewer of the grilled shrimp.  Those had to be the smallest grilled shrimp we'd ever seen, and they were tasteless.  If it wasn't for the butter to dip them in, they wouldn't have had flavor.  I'd say the best part of our meal was the baked potato....We only went here because we had an Entertainment Book coupon.  We had high hopes (local owned business, trying to make good), but were definitely disappointed.
1	Worst food I've eaten. California chicken tasted like it came straight from a microwave and the 10 oz steak was over cooked and did not have any taste. The baked potato was just as bad. Will not eat here again.
5	I must admit, I wasn't expecting much from the outside. I ordered the 8 ounce sirloin, and it was cooked to perfection! It was full of flavor, and very tender even cooked to medium. The salad bar was phenomenal, and also includes some hot options. I would highly recommend this restaurant! I will definitely be back.
5	Oh my GOSH this place is under-advertised!  I've passed by there dozens of times and never thought about going in.  One day my daughter and I just decided to grab a quick bite there and WOW.   I love the story about how the employees took over the failed Sizzler Steak House that was there before.. it's obvious they all feel like they own the business.  Super friendly, super well-informed about the menu, and super motivated to make your stay perfect.  Our waitress was Ophelia and she has the BIGGEST smile in the city. She makes you feel like she just came in to work to feed you, and only you!!  The prices are more than reasonable and the food is just good food.  Not fancy, not gourmet, but wholesome and filling.  Love the pizza from the salad bar.
5	First time customers. Burgers were excellent and made to perfection!
4	What a great meal. I ordered the NY strip with baked potato and salad bar. The salad bar was very well kept and loaded with fresh vegetables and salads. The steak arrived perfectly cooked with excellent appearance as well. If you are looking for someplace that looks new and flashy, this is the wrong place. If you are looking for some great food and service, because you are hungry then you must stop.If you are wondering why I only gave it four stars, the building and interior looks like it was built in the sixties and they haven't changed anything. The place was clean and well maintained just looked aged.
4	Great cheap food with friendly service. This place gives you the feel of a small town diner and simpler times. I wasn't too excited to drive across down for some little diner but we had a Groupon and I will definitely find a reason to come back to this place.
3	We've driven past Dessy B's about a hundred times and finally decided to stop.  Initially we were really happy with the environment, it was cute and very comfortable.  My husband and I both got salads from the bar and steak dishes.  The salad bar was AMAZING.  We both really enjoyed the freshness of everything and the variety of choices available as well.  The iced tea was nice, as well.It was definitely the highlight of the trip because the steaks, while edible, weren't as good as we were hoping to have from a steakhouse.  They were both grainy.  Mine also came with shrimp scampi which was barely passable.  One piece of shrimp hadn't even been properly deveined.  Gross.  Besides all that the general cleanliness could be a bit better.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful.  And we both also enjoyed our baked potatoes. We'll be back for sure, but we won't hurry back.  I'm SO in for another round at their salad bar and I'm curious about their burgers.
3	I hadn't been here for awhile but happy that I went back. Very good service. Steak and grilled shrimp were very good and cooked perfectly. The salad bar is well stocked and fresh. Topped off with make your own strawberry shortcake and it was well worth the trip.
4	This place is not your big and fancy Las Vegas strip steakhouse but you also don't pay those big and fancy prices for a decent New York steak. I paid $17.99 for a big New York grilled steak plus mushrooms (,99). It is served along with a nice baked potato with the fixings. A Corona cost about $5,00 and it is cold.The spouse had the soup and salad bar which is only $8.99 and is a good deal.I was very happy with this place  and I don't need a fancy steakhouse for a decent steak.
5	Amazing food!! Cheap prices. Service was fabulous! They could redesign their menu but that is the only thing I could possible say negative.
5	What a great meal!I'm glad I found this little gem.I had the special 10oz rib eye with one trip to the salad bar. Salad bar was awesome!Fresh, well stocked, really clean, lots of yummies to pile on! I love options!!! As I took my last bite of salad, boom!Steak arrived, perfectly cooked, totally juicy and fresh.Too bad I'm not from around here or else I would come here every week for sure!I can't forget to add that the service is fast and friendly.You locals are in for a treat.This Cali girl is full and happy :)
5	Excellent Steak (8oz. New York) and Eggs!!!The restaurant doesn't look much from the outside; moreover, the parking lot could use a new layer of asphalt. But the staff are very friendly and the steaks are affordable and the salad bar was amazing!I generally like small, unassuming places that put more effort into the food than fancy ambience with food that sucks.Highly recommended if you're just interested in good steaks. If you're on a date or trying to impress, this isn't the place for you.Have Fun, Be Safe and God Bless!!!
4	This was my first time here since it changed from a sizzler. My first impression was that the decor was pretty outdated but had a bit of charm. We were greeted and seated immediately. We had the New York steak special which came with one trip to the salad bar. Not bad for 13.99. The salad bar didn't have a huge selection but everything was very fresh and extremely clean. My salad was delicious! After our salads came the steak and a baked potato. The steak was nice and tender and the portion was ok. Not the best steak I ever had but far from the worst and cooked and seasoned very well. The baked  potato was very good and cooked perfectly. This is a very good place for a mid priced steak dinnerI will definitely be back again. My Yelp offer didn't work with the specials but that didn't bother me because the prices are very reasonable
3	I decided to try Dessy B's tonight because I was in the mood for a steak and didn't want to get gouged on The Strip. Dessy B's offers a discount to Yelpers who check in at the restaurant so that also influenced my dining decision.  The Dessy B story is slightly inspiring and if you choose to dine here you will find a copy of the newspaper article about the owner's feel good story on every table. The place is not for those seeking fine dining. It is very casual with a kind of dirty country feel to it. You can leave your heels at home ladies. I ordered the 16 oz. Ribeye mid-rare and it was a little on the tough side but the flavor was standard for an inexpensive steak joint.  My waitress for the evening was very attentive and pleasant. That goes a long way with this Yelper.  There was Contemporary Christian music playing in the background, not a deal breaker for me but could be a major turn off for some.  All told, with the 20% discount, my bill came to $15.86. (Water for my beverage). A 20 spot covered the meal and tip.
5	I was impressed with the service. Very nice waitress who was always smiling. The food was good for cheap steaks. The salad bar actually astonished me with the freshness & variety. They had a taco bar adjacent to the salad bar that you might miss if you didnt know it was there.  The decor was western themed, not pretentious or fancy at all, and family friendly. My 3 rambunctious kids were fine here. A great place to go for a good cheap steak. I shall return!
5	love this place. Great food, great prices. Nice people, good service. It is now my wife, and my new favorite place.
3	Awesome service!!! Our waitress was super attentive and friendly, best service of the whole 4 day trip! Ribeye steak was slighlty overcooked and kind of tough. Salad bar is decent. Baked potato pretty good, would have been better with a thicker, quality sour cream. The look of the place is pretty bad, makes you want to turn around and leave, obviously not remodeled in several decades.
4	The service was great, prices also great. It does need to be updated as far as the building is concerned but hey its a part of the old vegas. The steak was absolutely great I hate that there is not much to choose from on the Southwest side of town as far as steaks except Outback, well this place outdoes Outback on the steak part by far. We will definitely make the drive for this steak again!
5	good place! the salad bar is great
5	Great service and I love going there for lunch specials.  The steaks are well cooked and they put out a nice salad bar. I love that you can also still get the sizzler cheese bread.
5	We enjoyed our meal, our service was excellent and most important to us our kids had a great time as well! The management was awesome when needed. Really have nothing but great things to say about dining in this establishment!
2	Instant mashed potatoes? Really? $75 dinner for 4 people and we were served INSTANT mashed potatoes. This visit was so disappointing. Steaks full of gristle, and cold. Disgusting potatoes. Salad bar was good, but that's not what we went there for. Pretty sure we won't go again. Restaurant Impossible needs to rehab this place.
5	A true hidden treasure!! My steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly! The salad bar was constantly being filled with fresh ingredients! And the prices were great!!
4	Service was friendly and fast.  Steak was good.  Salad bar was surprisingly fresh and very good, even included a taco/burrito bar.Very much like Sizzler, which I always enjoyed but with a fun Western theme.  Will go again.
5	We are in Vegas for 4th. and we went over to this place an ate dinner lastnight......"it was gooood"! I had the New Steak. .......A+ !   some had fish n chips and some had a burger....all and all; the food was great! For 5 of us, $64.00 with drinks. If you're willing to drive about 12 minutes east of the strip....it was well worth the drive "and" $$$$$$$$ savings!!  Remember, if you eat on the strip.....you'll pay $$$$$$$$$$$$$ on the strip!!!!!! In the mornings, they have sreak n eggs for.......$7.49!  (8oz. New York) Now that's the good old Vegas days price!
4	I really enjoyed the breakfast buffe Clean and cheapFast service Great food and always place and easy parking The steaks are good as well Good vaule for money as well as great food
4	Unfortunately I couldn't thoroughly enjoy my steak because I was still recovering from a sinus infection when I visited, but I enjoyed what little I could eat, and all of the items were reasonably priced. They had us seated just as we entered and took our orders, which were prepared promptly. Our waitress was quite friendly and accommodating; the service was generally great. All in all, I would go back.
3	Okay stick with the steaks and salad bar if u ver off the menu to the ribs there dry n hard n the clam chowder is bagged n mashed potatoes fake. My experience was not as good as  usual.  They should use fresh ingredients.
5	This place is far from fancy but the food is awesome! The salad bar is great and always fresh! I always get the steak and shrimp combination, but they have many different options. They have a good selection of seafood dishes as well. I guess the only downfall is the limited wine selection they have. Give it a try! You will not be disappointed!!
5	Love this place good food and their salad bar always fresh and filled and their employees always nice making sure your set right, love this place so much I'm a regular here.
5	This place is little ways from the strip but the    Food and service are good and prices are reasonable. The steak was tender and the steak on the steak sandwiches was a real steak and tender. A meal on the strip would have been way more than we paid a d may have not been as good. We will be back on our next trip to LV.
4	My family and I decided stop by on a whim and we are so glad we did!Our orders were:Husband- 8oz with rice pilafSon- chicken tenders with friesMyself- steak and chicken combo w/ friesAnd we got an extra fries for the tableThe steaks were great, and the chicken I for with mine was moist and cooked well. We tasted out son's tenders, and were shocked to find how tasty they were. Nice and crispy and very well seasoned. And the fries!! Oh man the fries were so great too! Not overly salted or over cooked. And then we ordered cheesecake for desert. It wasn't fancy but we loved every bite. Next time we come, we're def going to shoot for the salad bar too. We saw how popular it was and a quick perusal made the connection. The veggies looked crisp and fresh and the salad toppers were plentiful, no boring salads here. All in all, this is a great place to check out
4	My fiance & I just went their on reviews alone for our Sunday dinner.  We were very impressed great steak good salad and ok service they made sure you were ok & happy with your food !
2	Came here for the 1st time with my family and was quite dissapointed. The young lady serving us was polite but lacked efficient service skills. We did not receive refills at all. She never checked in to see if we needed anything. Their salad bar supposedly offers ice cream but we were not offered that. Ordered country fried steak and that was very below average. It seemed like two frozen patties slapped with gravy. Salad bar was clean and fresh but nothing special. Although their fried chicken was really good! I would not recommended this restaurant and I will not be returning. Came in expecting a traditional home cooked type meal but received the exact opposite.
3	Overall the experience was nice. Decor is a little outdated but who cares, the food and service is what matters. Staff were very friendly but our waitress did get a few details on our order incorrect. The table we were sat at was sticky which makes me question the cleanliness of the rest of the restaurant.  I had a 16 oz ribeye and ordered it medium but it came to me almost rare but it still was delicious. Would have went four stars if it wasn't for the minor mistakes.
4	We have passed by this place a lot and we always want to try it. Then I  saw a Groupon for this place yesterday and so we decided to try it for dinner. I ordered steak and chicken (with BBQ sauce) combo, my hubby ordered a shrimp pasta, and my son ordered his chicken tenders with fries. The steak was really good and also the chicken. Hubby and my son love their dinner too. I gave this place 4 stars only because I felt the waiter seems to rush us while we are trying to enjoy and take time with our food. But other than that, we definitely like this place and we're planning to come back soon.
3	Wanting to try something with local flavor off the strip, we came here because yelp said it was 4 stars. Well, It is not a 4 star to me. It is a Sizzler like atmosphere except they actually take your order at the table. The steak I ordered was decent. It wasnt the best nor the worst. I might go back but I will try other places first before I go back..
5	Just amazing!  For the price. My partner has shrimp and steak. I had salad bar. My brother in law had Hawaiian burger. All was so good. I rather have this fresh salad bar before any casinos any day! I'm stuffed and satisfied!
2	I wouldn't categorize this as a "steakhouse.  The food is what I'd expect from an isolated highway truck stop. There seems to be a real lack of effort in the kitchen. Fries were soggy and steak was tough and also over-cooked. They do have a salad bar. I did not try it. Might be a good place to go if you just want to eat from the salad bar.
3	Food is ok for the price.  The resturant appeared a little run-down and dingy.
4	Food is good, don't agree that there salad bar should cost $7.98 tho?! Ok selections don't get me wrong but not for $7.98! Steaks are awesome & so are there fried chicken.
3	So to give you a sense of the ambiance/type of place Dessy's is, this is a converted Sizzler owned/operated by former employees of the now-defunct Sizzler. Not that there's anything wrong with that and I especially like a good entrepeneur story.Came here and ordered the chicken fried steak. It wasn't anything special, honestly what I would expect from Sizzler / chain-type of restaurant. The service was very good and prize was reasonable: $12 for the entree, baked potato, and an iced tea. If I were stopping by and in the mood for this kind of fare, I'd give it another shot. I think they do groupons quite regularly, too. I wouldn't make a special trip, though.
4	The last time, about 5 years ago, my husband and I came here. It was horrible. We decided to give them another try and bought a groupon. We both had steak and shrimp and it was delicious. The prices are good and the steaks were good as well. We will come back again!! I recommend you try this place.
3	Dessy b's is good for what it is. Great price. I tried a steak and it wasn't too bad honestly. Nothing to write home about but I wasn't disappointed I suppose. There are however better places so I'm not sure if I'll return but if you're looking for a decent cheap meal you can find it here. Also, I don't remember her name but a little Latina lady was my server and she was super nice!
5	I've been coming here for years and couldn't recommend a locally owned restaurant more strongly. Great food and great people. I always come here when I am in the area.
5	This is the third time at Dessys. The service staff is kind, attentive. The steaks are so good I don't have to add A1. The salad bar is fresh and clean. I will suggest this place for anyone that wants to enjoy a good meal for a great price. Dig the Native decor too ;)
4	Great salad bar and good atmosphere. My husband had a steak and baked potato that he liked a lot. I had the salad bar and it has awesome selections.
5	If you're looking for a great steak, without paying for the "upscale" ambience, and off the main Vegas Strip, this is THE place! Great food for a great price, plus you'll be supporting a great private establishment; read up on their history.I had the steak and skewered shrim with veggies. The steak came out perfectly cooked to my requested medium, great aromatic charred smell and flavor, very very tender! No sauce needed. The shrimp was very good, well cooked and had that little snap to them. The garlic butter was delicious. Veggies were ok, a bit soft, but still good.My wife had the fish and chips (something we don't eat too often), and wow, one of THE best we've ever had! The fish was perfectly fried, thick crunchy batter, lightly flavorful. Goes amazing with the tartar sauce. The chips were thin sliced potato, quick fried, and had a great crunch. Very nice, potato-ey flavor.Let's just say we cleaned away both plates!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
4	I went here last night with my girlfriend. Customer service was good. Food was awesome. Salad bar was good. Place was clean. No issues that I encountered. I recommend it.
4	Steak was cooked perfect and salad bar was tastey! We love coming to this family spot.
