5	I've been fiending to try out this airline, when I worked up the nerve to get on a plane, sans my lorazipam.Well, baby girl needed to fly to Vegas to see hubby during his furlough.  So I tell her how cool this airline looks etcetera, etcetera.... So baby girl books her flight.... and then discovers she can't find her ID.  She has her old ID with her maiden name, but she booked under her married name.Well, presto zingo, the nice people at customer service helped her out and she was on her way.  And what do I get when I get home?  Pictures from the cabin as she entered... She loved the leather extra size seats (baby girl is 6') and the headrest Television....
5	Ok. so this is my favorite way to travel now.  They are on time, very affordable, comfortable accomidations, and Purple mood lighting.  I can actually enjoy the seating and not feel cramped.  Every seat has it's own screen.  You can watch TV, or a movie.  The staff is so friendly.  I've used Virgin now several times for my travel needs.  I honestly can't think of one negative other than I wish they would expand their territory.  I hate traveling w/ United.  They are always late and the staff is rude.  So Virgin America is so refreshing.  Their fleet of planes are new and wll equiped with comfort in mind.  I so far have not been charged with checking in luggage.  Thank you Virgin America and please expand!!!
5	I LOVE YOU VIRGIN!1. Comfy seats2. Great decor & lighting3. Excellent service4. Free cable tv5. First checked bag free under 70lbs.What more could you ask for?????Other american airlines should be embarrassed with their awful frozen sandwiches, miserable staff and early 90's static-enticing seats.
4	VA Employee: "Do you work here?"Me: *boarding* Um, no... but as a matter of fact I would love to.When I was boarding, the VA employee was thinking that I had worked there.My lover calls it Badlands Air (after the SF club) because the plane is uber-homosexual. It's like stepping into a gay man's house. Purple mood lighting, sleek electronics and smooth plexi-glass features. The attendants were all black because it's usually slimming and adds to the modernness of the whole experience. If they had condoms in the bathroom, I might start giggling. And of all the times I've flown, there is usually more male attendants then female. You see my point.Staff is usually friendly, although the floor staff was a bit rude in light of their hideous delay. I even paid to be confirmed standby on an earlier flight and that was annoying. I'll give you a pass for that one.Unlike, Jane V., however, I hope they do not expand. Can you really see a plane like this trying to fly somewhere like Boise, Idaho? I don't know about that one. But it is a very major metropolitan airline, so be sure that it will go to some other major cities...AND IF SOMEONE FROM VIRGIN IS READING THIS WITH HIRING CAPACITY, I AM YOUR NEWEST FLIGHT ATTENDANT... YOU JUST HAVE TO SAY THE WORDS... LOL.Come show your love for Virgin, it will be the start of one of your greatest love affairs...
1	Beware!  Virgin America has bare ass bones baggage handling technology (guess they had to cut corners somewhere to be able to offer those cheepo fares).  Bag went missing and still is from a nonstop flight from SFO to JFK.  Really.  Do not pack valuables and be sure your contact info is on the outside and inside of your luggage.
5	Ok so now Virgin Airlines is charging $15.00 for your checked luggage.  But US Air charged me $50.00 for my checked luggage when I traveled to Arizona.  So Virgin is still on my good list.  Still on time and Still my favorite airline so far.  Just EXPAND your territory please!
5	Virgin America is the only airlines that I use. To LA or Las Vegas at least. Their prices are comparable to Southwest Airlines, but the airplanes are much newer and the staff are very professional. They also have an entertainment system for you to enjoy while you fly. You can choose from watching television, listening to music, watching music videos, playing games, chatting and a few other features. All it requires for you to be able to use it are a pair of headphones. I flew out Thursday night from SFO to LAS and returned from LAS to SFO Monday night and the fares were $69 there and $79 back. I've flown cheaper before, but I checked out that that's pretty much the going rates now. I used to check a bag in before, but just bring a carry on or two now. I was not affected by their $15 baggage check in which is pretty new for them. They allowed one free checked in bag not too long ago.I will use Virgin America if I plan on going to any of their destinations.
5	I love flying Virgin.  They have cheap fares and are the most relaxing, beautiful airplanes.  Haven't had any problems and will definitely look to Virgin first when I choose an airline.  They just need more locations now.
1	This rating is solely based on the crooked way they change their airfare week to week. I booked my flight 2 weeks ago for $149 now they dropped the prices to $99. This is ridiculous, why would you raise the prices for booking too far in advance! The in flight service better make up for this absurdity.
5	Virgin America is THE way to fly to Las Vegas!I flew VA on the way to and from Las Vegas for my younger sister's 21st birthday weekend bash.  I flew out of SFO.  Since I booked my flight the week of the trip, the airfare was a bit steep for a short flight.  All together, I spent around $330 round-trip, which I think is a bit much for a flight from the Bay Area to Vegas.  But, I was willing to pay the $ to avoid a long road trip and to experience all the buzz surrounding Virgin America.  It was well worth it!The interior of the plane looks like a Miami night club.  White base with purple lighting.  Each passenger gets their own personal tv that offers cable network channels, radio, music videos and online ordering of food and cocktails.  In Vegas fashion, I ordered a mojito.  I knew I had to get my trip started the RIGHT way!The service was excellent.  The crew looked neat and sharp and our male flight attendant was such a hoot.  I'm sure it helped that we were all bound for Sin City and there were a bunch of girl groups ready for some serious partying!This was the BEST way I've traveled to Vegas as of yet.  Except for the minor delay due to plane change, I have no major complaints.  I enjoyed my strong mojito and was entertained by Lady Gaga and Beyonce music videos, which very much put me in the mood for the Vegas weekend ahead.  Flight back was smooth, too.I will definitely fly Virgin America again to Vegas and other destinations.  It's like flying inside a night club!
5	Why can't the rest of the airlines be like Virgin.  It feels like I'm flying for the first time every time I board.  The planes have Direct TV on all seats. You can chat with others around the plane in the chat room.  You can play games because your arm rest opens up and in it is a game controller. You can order food or drinks straight from your TV. There are actual AC outlets by your seat to charge your electronics. There is Wifi that you can get for a small price.  Wow let me calm down because my heart starts racing.lol.  Overall you can get $39 one way tickets to vegas, LA, and San Diego or go to NY or Washington for about $200 bucks round trip. There is no beating that.  the planes are all brand new and the service is great.  Once you go Virgin youll never go back.
5	They ground crew here rocks- they went out of their way to help me get on an early flight when there was an issue with high winds in Vegas (as usual). I would totally recommend them to any friend who is planning travel within their network.
5	My favorite Airline!
1	Never again.Oh, I totally get the lure of the extra leg room and personal tv's. But let me make it clear. Those tv's, they charge you for it.But that's not what has got my panties in a twist. Flying LAS- SFO and it's sardine city. Everyone and their mom has a rolly bag. Simple math, not everyone's rolly bag will fit in carry on overhead storage. So they start making announcements that people should check their rolly bag dimensions to make sure blah blah blah.... I just went through this with the same exact rolly bag 2 days prior and it fit no problem so I know it will fit.Fast forward. I'm boarding....Then I'm not.Ive been pulled from the line to check my rolly bag. I plead "but it fits I was just on this plane'. The robot tells me that she doesn't understand why it doesn't fit now but it must be checked. i smell her bullshit. Simple math. Too many rolly bags. Some must be checked. If they aren't checked willingly then staff must make up assinine stories to force the checking.FUUUU Virgin. I don't like riding virgins anyway. Unsatisfying and not enough fun.
3	Personal TV? CheckPlenty of Leg Room? CheckLots of overhead bin space? CheckCute girls sitting next to me on the way home? Double CheckFriendly Service? CheckFree Check-In Baggage? No Sir!Flew this Vegas to SFO.. I usually fly on Southwest but due to last minute booking, Virgin gave me a much cheaper option.  I  would give this 5 stars if they: a) offer free check in baggage b) flew to more airports c) offered the wi-fi for free on the planeThe plane ride and atmosphere is much more comfortable than Southwest... but I still can't get over that check-in baggage fee.  Seriously?  Luckily for some reason there was a lot of bin space but most other people have told me it's impossible to find space usually.If you don't need to check in baggage, give it a shot! With all the extra fees and whatever I think I'll stick to southwest sine eI always check in at least 1 bag.
5	Unless you're flying international on a foreign airline, no airline can touch Virgin America. I actually feel like a paying customer and not a low-rate private in the Marines.
4	Really cool and different. Flew LAS to SFO and back. It's a short trip so didn't really get to use the entire entertainment console. Nice leather seats and good leg room. Great price via Priceline as well. I would definitely recommend it and will fly this airline again.
4	Pretty much one of the best airlines ever. They are known for their handsome/gorgeous friendly flight attendants and the great entertainment they have on board.. I mean who can resist messaging a random seat and chatting with them throughout their flight. The seats are WAY more comfortable than any other airlines too. Sadly, like most other airlines they charge for check in bags for regular main cabin seats, so I'll prob stick with Southwest for longer hauls.
5	Best airline ever! Period. No one can touch them. Flying will never be the same. Their customer service is above and beyond what one would expect from an airline not to mention it doesn't feel like you're flying when you are on board. The seats are comfy, plenty of legroom, individual entertainment systems and if you are lucky you can score a free upgrade to main cabin select or first class. I highly recommend main cabin select to take advantage of more legroom and free food/drinks!
4	Very nice airline. The screen in the front will definitely keep kids occupied. Just make sure you bring your own headphones. You can play games, watch certain tv shows and movies for free. Listen to music for free. Nice attendants. The only downside of this airline is that it cost $20 to check in a bag. I personally like to check in bags. So if you're going to check in a bag or two, fly southwest. Also, the wifi isn't free on Virgin anymore. You have to pay. I guess it would be worth it if your flight was super long, but flying from San Francisco to Vegas isn't worth it.
5	:D*5 Stars* Great check in staff and flights out of here has always been on time for me. Nuff said! ;)
4	Virgin America Airlines is by far one the best domestic airlines. Well, when it comes to style, comfort & service. On the back of each seat it has a personal tv. So, it's nice to have. I would've given them 5 stars BUT they charge $25 for check in. I actually don't have a prob with it because I always have a carry on.
5	Great prices, smooth flight, great service, and classy.
5	My flight back to SFO was a full one, so they offered free check-in bags at the gate to preserve room in the overhead compartments. I was pleased; I hate having to lug that thing around, worrying about space, and likely looking like a weak idiot while struggling to load it up there (although I do mourn the Elnette hairspray I left in my hotel room; fiscally responsible me weighed $12 hairspray v. $25 check-in baggage fee). They seem to load the back of the plane first, a big plus in my eyes. People staring at you as you pass by to get to your seat gets quite awkward.
3	The check-in counter at the LAS airport is not as pretty as the ones back in other airports, it looks like a typical check-in station like any other ones in the airport. Their signature red wasn't found anywhere so they kinda blended in into the background. Our luggage was 3 lbs overweight and they had to make us take out a few items before we can check it in, no flexibility whatsoever. (side note: my sister had once traveled with a luggage that was at the exact size of an on-board luggage, but Virgin still made her check it in to make that $25). I personally think $25/luggage is a little steep because if they were offering any sort of other luxury then I would think its worth it. However, compare to the other airlines, they had to charge you $2 for earphone, no complimentary snack, and no legroom.Then when we arrived to SFO, they announce our baggage claim was at gate 4, when later we found out all our luggage was actually coming out of carousel 3. Oops much? Virgin at Las Vegas wasn't the best, I would imagine other airlines might be a better choice.
3	Great price on Vegas to JFK flight booked just a week before but I hope sometime I will find those $69 and $99 fares that they advertise in emails that I get from them as a frequent flier program member. Wi-fi during the flight is great also and I am actually using it right now to post this review however charging for it is so 10 years ago and cheap. I flew in Europe a few months ago and many airlines there provide it as a basic service. Do we really want to trail behind Europe in this or will VA step up and leave their US competitors behind by providing free Wi-fi?!
1	My all time favorite airline has reached an all time low.  They are five months into a pathetically inept transition to a new sabre-based reservations system, and still can't handle elementary transactions on-line.  Meanwhile, call center hold times are nearly an hour today.  My whole family flew Virgin for this vacation on my recommendation - I cannot begin to tell you how embarrassed I am, or how deeply I regret the recommendation.  Fly another airline, take the train, drive, walk ... or just stay home.  But whatever you do, don't go near Virgin America until you hear reliable reports that they've sorted this mess out.  No vacation is worth the amount of stress, anguish and hassle we've been through.
5	I love Virgin America!  The seats are comfortable and it's nice that I have my own touch screen TV!  All of the employees that I've encountered are friendly and helpful.  I enjoy that fact that you can message your friends or play games.  I also like the color scheme of the planes.  It feels like you're stepping into a lounge, not a plane.  I honestly don't have anything to complain about but then again I'm an easy flyer.
3	A good shuttle option between SFO and LAS.
5	I REALLY LOVED flying with Virgin America.  The mode, the music, the staff, the lights, the comfortable chairs,  the free music and tv, and any other service you can think of at the touch of a button!
1	I USED TO BE a huge fan and customer! First allow me to begin by understanding that any business has instances and as a business owner I understand that things can go wrong and people have their moments, but this airline has become way off-track and has serious problems. 1.  I arrived at Las Vegas expecting, as any respected airline will have, curbside baggage check and or attendants. Not Virgin!  Caused me to be late and huge inconvenience.2. I have a conference in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, and from LAS, I decided to book through Virgin, and also my friend's flight through Virgin. I WAS such a fan that despite having to go through San Fran, I still booked through Virgin, as I knew Virgin has no directs to Ft Lauderdale from LAS. Even though I found direct flights cheaper in price to Ft Lauderdale I convinced my friend to book with me on Virgin. We booked weeks in advance and requested window and isle so that we could travel together.  When we arrived in SFO today on April 11, 2012on flight VX 342 dep 11:00AM I looked at my ticket and noticed that we were not sitting together. Going to the counter at the terminal to fix the situation I was told the flight was booked full. THEY LIED. We asked for seats closer to each other on the flight and we were told by a young and clueless Virgin "Representative" that we would be moved to isle seats across from each other. I then asked, as I fly very frequently, if the seat reclined? I was ASSURED they did. I'm stuck on a cross country flight in the full upright position!3. To add INSULT to injury, when we board the flight, it's only 3/4 full!  With many empty seats, but none together. Now we are stuck on a long flight with seats that do not recline!!! 4. To add to this horrible experience the flight attendant was the rudest airline staff member I have encountered and the issue was not the seat it was the fact that I lost a $2K Rolex dial either at the gate or in the plane and she acted like I lost a piece of gum, horrible attitude and she had no concern or assistance. Horrible and insulting experience. These were not simply isolated incidents. I was a fan of the airline. Please take my advice and understand I will never fly Virgin unless my life depends on it! Do not believe the hype of the 'cool lights' and a in flight mini screen!  This is a chain of experiences that have turned me from a long time Virgin America enthusiast and fan into a spiteful and resentful consumer. I will heed you with the advice from my friend as a first time Virgin flyer; " The lights were cool but they treated us like SH-T. I will stick with an airline that sells me a SEAT, not a crap shoot and is rude." I AGREE. DO NOT TRUST THEIR BOOKING SYSTEM OR TRUST THEIR STAFF TO ASSIST YOU OR TO BE PLEASANT.
5	We have made several flights on Virgin and have never been disappointed!  If you get a chance to upgrade to Main Cabin Select or First class this is also a must do! They are always putting the customer first!  They are a real class act!
5	fantastic!  what air travel should be. a quick day trip to the bay; ambient lighting--unique and cool.  service is actually caring and upscale. upperclass is great. all white leather, barber-style reclinables.  finally an airline for all others to learn from; a must for all air travel. love the ELEVATE program. now, if they only flew to aspen!
5	I consider myself a frequent flier and Virgin really exceed my expectations today.I was flying from LAS to SFO.First I made a ticketing mistake. To my embarassment, my girlfriend was turned away at security by the TSA. VA really went above and beyond to fix my error at no expense to me. Megan, Shirley and Vanessa at the check-in desk was cheerful and expedient. Completely opposite to what most expectations would be of airline staff. This blew me away.Our flight was then delayed an hour due to typical SFO weather. It was a completely full flight and many groans were heard. When we finally pushed off, SFO FAA slapped us with another 2 hour delay. The captain apologized, told us we'd need to deplane. But then, he was like wait... Virgin headquarter's operators were trying to contact the FAA to see if they could get us a shorter delay. 20 minutes later we were in the air.What an enjoyable experience despite all that went wrong. All I could have asked for and more.
5	Even though half of my flights have been delayed due to weather, Virgin has yet to disappoint me. I flew first class, which i recommend everyone to start doing.Unlimited alcohol, seats that recline, a bathroom with 5 feet,  a bunch of current movies to watch.My favorite thing so far is that i get to drink while the common people trudge towards the back.The look of hatred and jealousy always tastes so good. We were stuck on Friday during the playoffs with St Louis and were 3 hours late leaving the terminal. Virgin got another crew from a different plane to board the passengers so we could leave once the crew arrived from a different city, which had also been weather delayed. The substitute staff was cheerful and gracious, and stayed with us until the real staff showed up. They acted like friendly professionals who went above and beyond to make sure the customers were kept aware of the time delays and gave us regular updates. On my way back, they started boarding us very early, and we arrived back in SFO very early. I wish i could say that every other airline was like that, but it is rare.This is kinda what Jetblue used to be like.I now shlep all the way over to SFO to fly even though i live 10 minutes away from the Oakland airport.They are THAT good! A shout out to Kevin, who helped us in first class.He was really amazing. The other passengers in first class were trying to talk Kevin into coming to Vegas with them to hang out. Thats how awesome the staff at Virgin America is.
5	What Great customer service! Ok this is what happened.... My flight to sf was delayed so I was leisurely walking to my gate. I went to the gate where there was a San Francisco flight boarding but it actually was not mine. This was the previous sf flight delayed until now. I found out when I tried to check in, they said I was checking in for the wrong flight. Ok, fine.I went to my actual gate and found out that my flight was delayed for the next three hours! I don't think so, so I took off back to the other gate and asked nicely if they had room. And the agents went to the computer, clicked a couple of buttons and presto chango, I was on! Thanks Virgin America!Please also know the plane is cool, updated, all seats have the mini TVS and the crew are funny.
5	If you have a fun flight attendant it makes the trip go fast.  Love how they have tv, games and music on board, however it sucks when it does't work.  Their prices are reasonable for airfare.  The only thing I don't like is the headphones cost about $2 but sometimes they waive the fee and let people have them for the flight.  My last flight they did that until I walked up and the guy told me to drop $2 in the bin...I looked at him and said "then you might want to tell the 10 other people that got them for free to come back and drop $2 each as well."  I understand they did that as a courtesy but if you don't extend it to all your passengers then don't offer it at all....but I still give them 5 stars because I prefer to flight Virgin America over any other airlines.
5	What else can I say that has not been said a million times over??Best Airline hands down.Period.
5	Not necessarily the McCarran location, but Virgin America in general. Great airline. Where have you been through all my travels? They make traveling easier than I've experienced in the US in over 15 years. No hoops to jump through, no silly fee games no cattle calls, just good ol' simple, common sense business practices. And, they actually clean the plane after each flight. How nice to see staff come onboard to sanitize! Planes are a breeding ground for germs and many planes (on other airlines) fly all day without anyone touching the restrooms let alone sanitizing them. Virgin America, you will be my first choice in all future flights. You're amazing and such a breath of fresh air in the down and dirty airline industry.
4	1st time virgin. That sounds weird. So used to being cattle prodded by southwest, I don't think I properly took advantage of the lush video amenities. I liked watching the cartography of our plane flying on Google maps. If you get a window seat, I recommend it.
4	who doesnt love Virgin.  I never thought anyone didnt like them until I had to deal with the air hostess on this flight...the red head was awesome (sorry, I didnt get her name) her partner was useless!  TVs didnt work and the gogo internet was not fast enough to keep my 16 month old busy.  Maybe next time.
4	Swag.  Flying from the new Terminal 3 at McCarran on Virgin America, I felt cool.  Who needs the cattle call of Southwest Air with this airline?  First of all, I got to the terminal at 7:00pm on a Friday night and no car lines to deal with, walked right in, checked my bag, through security, and at my gate in less than 15 minutes.  Seats are assigned, so I had an exit row with extra leg room (although the regular rows are spacious, too) and a TV with free (very) recent movies, TV, music, games, and an option to order snacks and drinks that are delivered to your seat throughout the flight.  I didn't order anything on my flight from Vegas to San Francisco, but during the leg from SFO to Washington, DC, I did have the protein box with almonds, multi-grain crackers, hummus, and tuna, plus chocolate chip cookies, and 2 bottles of Honest Tea--I felt like ordering one of everything on their menu, which is A LOT, but didn't want to seem too greedy.  I am, after all, going back home on the same airline, so I get another chance tomorrow.  I will be flying Virgin America whenever I can from now on.
5	The best airline by far! My husband and I flew Virgin America for the first time. This airline makes flying fun and comfortable! Everyone gets a TV with several channels. The pilots and stewardess are upbeat and seem to enjoy their job. My husband and I were able to get on a earlier flight with no problem or fee. This company is doing everything right and we will fly with them for future flights! Excellent job Virgin America! :)
5	I loved this airline everyone on staff were friendly and I also loved they had outlets to let you charge ur phone or ipad or any electronic device which is super cool especially on a 5 hour flight to Vegas . I also loved that we left on time and landed before time a lot of airlines take for ever to leave the gates and I wont mention any names lol . I enjoyed everything about virgin and hope to continue using them all the time . They have so many free channels and even have free games to play also a radio and you can also watch movies or even TV shows for a small fee .I like that they do a funny safety video instead of watching the flight attendant do it . they make flying a little fun and enjoyable . if you get a chance try them best airline by far keep up the good work
5	VIRGIN AMERICA RULES!!!I can't say enough good things about Virgin.  From the cheap prices that we got on tickets to Vegas, to the extremely comfortable seats with the movable headrests.  This company is awesome!!!  When we were leaving Las Vegas we had to drop the rental car off by 4 in the afternoon.and our flight was at 6:45.  At the Virgin Counter there was no line and Ronnie was there to help us.  Ronnie had a smile on his face and he was an great help.  We asked if we could get on an earlier flight and we were hoping but thought it wouldn't actually happen.  Ronnie told us that it wouldn't be a problem and we were going to be able to get on the next flight leaving at 4:55.  WE WERE SO HAPPY, THANKS RONNIE!  He also told us that any time you fly with Virgin you can always get on the next earlier flight for free or an even earlier one and that would cost an extra twenty or twenty five bucks.
3	I think Virgin America has lost some of its pizzazz.  The colored lighting no longer wows me.  On our trip from NYC to LAS the tvs barely worked.  I was really disappointed and also very bored as a result.  They didn't apologize or anything and it seemed universal so it makes me think that the tvs are just not the same as JetBlue.  Which also makes me prefer JetBlue.  Which also, coincidentally, is what we flew back to NYC from LAS.  Also, the bathrooms were gross and the flight attendant made me wait for a few minutes before using it so he could clean it and STILL it was disgusting.  Argh.
5	Boy do I love traveling...boy do I love high rollin when I travel as much as my bank account will afford...and boy do I love feeling like a high roller without emptying my wallet! Found it! Found it with Virgin America on my trip to Vegas a few weeks back. I did two types of flights as well....going was in Main Cabin and coming back I upgraded to Main Cabin Select, so I'll give a review of both.I must say that I've always loved Richard Branson. My aunt has lived in London the last 50 years so whenever I head over, I usually try to fly Virgin cause I love all their fun little goodies they include, like fun games, good food and great vibe in flight. Like you're hanging with the cool kids at school. So flying Virgin America was a no brainer to me and I'm happy to say, Branson has done a great job in the domestic arena impressing the Yanks. Boarding is fairly easy in JKF and getting settled was quick. The in flight crew was friendly and helpful finding homes for our carry ons with no attitude. One thing I love is being able to order what you want on the screen in front....and you pay as you go! The selection of healthy options were nice as well as I opted for a protein plate with grilled chicken breast, hummus and whole wheat pita.  Simple but filling. The cool decor is nice as well, with purple and blue lighting and the fact that they keep the plane dark the whole time was a nice treat in case you wanted to sleep to prep for the Big Weekend in Vegas. Flight was easy peasy and I was able to get WIFI on the plane to get through all my work emails before landing so I could truly start my vacation DONE with work. On the way back, I decided to treat myself to the Main Cabin Select upgrade option and boy was it worth it! The first row, right behind First Class is for Main Cabin Select and it was barely filled! You are able to board after First Class and the leg room was so big, I'm 5'5" and was able to stretch my legs out completely. Then the service begins with the flight attendant asking me to just order whatever I wanted as it was all free as well as the all of the movies and entertainment. Then he added, may I start you with a cocktail? That's music to my ears. So I ordered a tequila on the rocks with lime and he delivered it poured and with an extra tequila in case I was ready faster than he was able to get back to me. Hooray!!After that I settled in, ordered a movie, ordered some snacks and relaxed on my way back to NY feeling like a little Queen.  Great service continued throughout the flight, complimentary headsets, food, booze and entertainment. What more could this traveler ask for? Oh yeah, getting off the flight fast. Yep, did that, right after First Class. Overall, you can't go wrong in either cabin on Virgin America. Great airline who is giving the others a run for their money.
1	Very disappointed!  We flew from LAX to Las Vegas.  Our flight to Las Vegas was delayed 2 hours due to "mechanical problems".  I accept that happens every know and then so no big deal.  On the way back, the flight was delayed 2 hours, again.  I was told, again, that it was mechanical problems.  How many planes do you have with mechanical problems??  I called customer service because I had to be home promptly and was told that the delay was due to weather - what?  Thought it was mechanical problems.  Asked if I would be refunded my fare if I decided to drive home because I could not be home as late as my new departure would put me at.  I was told no refund but they would agree to waive the $100.00. cancellation fee. Horrible customer service and flight attendants all had attitude.  When we landed in LAX the pilot apologized for the delay and told us that all flights had been delayed that day - great!
5	I'm beginning to NOT hate traveling by air so much anymore. Actually on Virgin, it was downright enjoyable. For a few bucks more we upgraded our seats and had the best flights I can remember. For the upgrade you get free checked bags, roomier seats, and all of the food and drink you want and can order right from the seat on the headrest in front of you at no charge. The flight attendants were all super friendly and came with anything you needed. I had a fresh veggie wrap that was better than most restaurants and a turkey sandwich that was good as well. With free on demand movies and a deep comfortable seat- who could ask for anything more. If you have to fly and don't want to be treated like cattle, then this is the airline for you. In an age where some other airlines nickel and dime you for just about everything, this was a breath of fresh air. Keep up the good work!
5	Virgin America LAS rocks!!!
4	This airline is great! If you fly from LAX to Vegas or Vegas to LAX you get a free complimentary wine or beer. You can watch TV for free on some of the popular channels like ESPN, ABC, Disney, and Fox. I just wish they had more flights out of EWR. Also in the inside the lights are lit in purple which gives it that young cool and hip flight. And finally on one of the planes I saw an awesome stash was painted on the front. Oh yeah if your flying coach you still get to enjoy a leather seat.http://www.virginamerica.com/travel/cabins.html
1	Who the fuck gives this airline a good review. Booked a flight to go to an interview from Las Vegas to San Francisco. The interview got pushed forward one day and I needed to get there. They were going to charge me an extra $600 to move my $200 ticket forward one day. I was like naw and I drove there instead, spending less than $100 both ways. So then I call today to redeem my $200 credit and boom they want $140 to redeem the credit plus whatever the change is in airfare. WTF?! How many fees can you possibly charge ya damn crooks. So it's going to be cheaper for me just to not even do anything with the $200 credit. Meanwhile their big-head CEO is floating around in space talking about how great Virgin is. I have never spent the time to write a bad review about anything or anyone because normally it does no good, but people need to be warned about this shady company.PEACE!
4	Virgin on Virgin America Airlines no more.Virgin is one of the few airlines that has a ton of 4+ Stars.  After flying the friendly skies with them, I agree. Virgin Airlines is breath of fresh air compared to my usual Southwest Airlines.  There's more leg room, plenty of space for luggage, seats & your toys, comfortable seating, and the highlight for me...TV.  It's not DIRECTV, but it's free and you can watch the news, football, ESPN, or get caught up on your soaps while heading to your next destination. If there's an issue that I have with Virgin, it's that bags don't fly free like Southwest. PS:  Upon landing, I love how they inform the passengers which baggage claim to go to.  Southwest doesn't do this.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (441/500)
5	By far the best airline ever. Friendly staff. Extremely clean and I love the purple disco lights and upbeat music. Watched tv the entire time with plenty of leg room which made the time fly, literally.
4	John F. Kennedy airport has under gone quite a facelift over the past ten years and as a semi frequent flyer, I try to limit my time there by looking to other airports to depart from and arrive at, as its quite typically a complete mad house.Once out of the cab I hoped to get checked in as soon and as painless as possible, so I headed for the counter with this hope and was quite thrilled with the overall experience. My check in was as easy as pie and the counter person was super friendly and  I was off with boarding pass in hand ready to take to the skies.Once aboard and my gear was properly stowed away I sat to take in the unique pink and blue hues that illuminated the cabin. The screen mounted on the seat in front went by the name RED, which is probably an acronym for something which I must have missed. The user interface is super clean and easy to navigate, so scrolling through the On Demand channel, regular television channels which picks up national and local channels as well and a music channel. Ordering food or drinks is a breeze as you just enter the seat number of whom you are ordering for, if not yourself, add to cart and checkout. You can swipe the card right on the monitor that you are viewing your channels on and within a few very short moments your order arrives.Very enjoyable flying experience from beginning to end, putting Virgin America on the top of my list of air carriers I hope to travel with on a more frequent basis
4	Virgin Airlines is for all the cool kids.With fuscia lighting, low-key flight attendants and ever-changing, hip safety videos, I'm never disappointed flying Virgin. I really enjoyed the seat-to-seat chat you could do on your screen as well as the free in-flight wifi, satellite TV, excellent music choices (you can even create your own playlist!) on my short-a## flight from SF to Vegas.They even welcomed us on to the flight with
4	I LOVE YOU, VIRGIN AMERICA.  I am not sure if it is because I have been so scarred by flying United before and was on the flight from hell, but my experience with Virgin was just lovely.  We had a flight from LAX to Vegas and there was just a 30 min delay due to weather conditions.  30 minutes was not a big deal to us and all the workers were so personable and friendly.  I love the lights inside the plane and their safety video is so entertaining.  I actually watched it! haha For our hour flight, they even offered water, wine, and beer for free.  I love the screens on the chairs and you can send drinks to someone at another seat or even a message.  Pretty cool! On our flight back, our friends that did not fly Virgin had a bunch of delays, but Virgin actually got us back early.  Great experience! I want to fly Virgin forever! :)
5	Hands down the best domestic airline- if they fly the route you are looking for book it. If they don't- consider flying somewhere else instead. The planes- easily the nicest planes for domestic flights. Seats are roomier, nicer (leather) and each seat gets its own TV and video games- and this is in economy. Also you can order food and drinks to your seat through the touch screen- no need to ring the annoying call button. The planes are lighted inside like a disco in purple and neon pink. You can often upgrade to main cabin elite or first class for cheap the day of your flight if they aren't booked. There are also electrical outlets which are sweet on coast to coast flights. The staff- are always super nice and generally quite attractive to boot. Even the people at the check in counter who usually at other airlines are pretty grumpy are always nice, efficient, and professional. I can't stress enough that this is lightyears ahead of other airlines like southwest/airtran, delta, american etc. Prices- the kicker is you can often find flights cheaper than on other airlines which is mind boggling considering how much better Virgin is.
4	Flew with Virgin America on Wednesday, March 26th from Vegas to SFO. It was my first time flying with them.1) Pink lights everyone when you step onto the plane :P2) They have TVs! (I didn't have headphones with me so I watched tv with no sound haha). You can watch tv, listen to music, order food/drinks, view the map.3) They give you drinks! (I accidentally ordered from the TV and there was a flight attendant already moving down the aisle, asking what you want to drink).4) Comfy seats and nice flight attendants
5	I've flown with Virgin America at least time times and have had nothing short of a positive experience each time.  Far and away my favorite airline.   Here's a few of the reasons I love Virgin America, in no particular order.   I'm just crossing my fingers that with the Delta merger their quality stays. 1.) Group Reservations.  I have booked trips from SF to DC  on VA for five consecutive years for a group of 10 students + myself.   Their group reservation folks are super responsive and really easy to work with.2.) Price.  Each time I have flown with Virgin, they have been very competitive... at or near the least expensive, while offering a far superior quality.   3.) Airport staff.  When flying with kids, they have always shown tremendous respect and kindness to them... treating them with dignity.   4.) Flight crew.  Kind, professional, and responsive, without exception.   5.) Policies.  They don't try to take advantage of you when there is a mishap.   For the first time in my life I missed a flight.   They offered me free standby on the next flight or $35 to have a guaranteed seat.  They were empathetic to my situation, not annoyed by my error.   6.) In-flight entertainment/WiFi;    I love the music selection and making a playlist for the flight.   The WiFi is reasonably priced and reliable.   Their are 3-prong plugs that work for my laptop in coach.7.) Leg room:  I'm 6'3" and I am comfortable in coach.  8.) The ambiance, hipness, and their safety video... I'll leave other reviewers to offer up details about this.
5	After my last trip with southwest I was hesitant about taking a plane anywhere.  I was really impressed with Virgin - inexpensive ticket, clean plane, and courteous stewardess - without a massive amount of perfume and attitude - check in luggage $25, free carry on and free beer, wine, and water.   Great experience!!
5	I was only on the plane for one hour but i wished the flight was longer. In 2013, I flew from Las Vegas to LAX for less than $100.  I wished the flight was longer.  What's so awesome about this airline?-neon pink cabin lights-prices are similar to JetBlue and Delta-sometimes awesome full sized headphones are provided.-you can order food and drinks through the in-flight entertainment system.Verdict: if you got a choice and are flying within the US, then being with a Virgin ain't so bad.
5	Virgin is just plain great. Compare to United, American, or Delta....and there is no comparison!Round trip to vegas $170 was really good.Once again Virgin America for the win!
5	Ronnie, the ticket/check in guy is so awesome with a pleasant disposition. Makes traveling fun and easy. Thank You Ronnie for having such a GREAT PERSONALITY
5	Absolutely amazing airline!!!!!!! To the sweet gate agent boarding flight 260 to JFK on June 19 ~ you are WONDERFUL. I've never had better customer service! I've never been so happy to board a flight and so welcomed. Virgin America, GOOD JOB!!!
4	Flights were on time. No orange juice coming back from la.  Long wait to get on plane in Boston and no restaurant. We liked the video to instruct us on safety.
5	Man, this is where its at!!! I left LAS terminal in a foul ass mood and walked into ladies night on the Soul Plane express!! Super cute and trendy! I wish we had Virgin in Hawaii, I would make them my primary airlines. I was only flying from Vegas to L.A. so I wasn't on there for long but I wish I could of taken advantage of their entertainment system. They did offer Wine or Water. The little video for airplane safety is tacky as hell but if you look past that, the flight was pretty amazing. Good job!
4	***Virgin America is a modern airline with a nice and fresh look, comfortable seating, friendly flight attendants and a fun safety video; airfare from LA to Las Vegas is reasonable on Virgin America and comparable to Southwest prices and you do not have to deal with Southwest's cattle call boarding process; I did not partake in the beverage service since the flight was so short, but bottled water was distributed and, I believe, some alcoholic beverages (at least on this flight) seemed to be on the house; the Las Vegas terminal for Virgin America features limited food and shopping options though power outlets are available throughout the terminal; I would like to take Virgin America on a longer flight to see how it compares with Delta, United and American Airlines***I am not sure what the parking situation is at Las Vegas, but I imagine parking here is expensive like other airports.
4	Being able to watch actual TV on board was nice.  Overall very good.
1	I hate Virgin America! They left my suitcase in Los Angeles even though I checked it in over an hour before my flight. I was told I would have my bag by 10 am at my hotel. It's almost 1:00 pm and nothing!!!! There is not even an answer at the office!!!! I wish I could give negative stars. If you have more the a carry on fly on another airline.
1	Taking a standard flight to and from Las Vegas, from SFO and both return and departing flights have been delayed for no reason at all!!! Departing they thought we would be late so, pasted the change and then, 2+hours before the flight when they knew we could leave, wouldn't because they already changed the time. Now sitting in the airport,  10 minutes before scheduled takeoff we are told 2 hour delay due to weather in SFO, where the weather is 57 and partly cloudy. WTF with your weather delay!  I guess Virgin America can't flight in any kind of weather!  Should have drove!!!
1	Do not fly Virgin America if you are checking in a ski/snowboard bag as their policy doesn't make sense. Fly Delta or United instead. Like most other airlines including Delta and United, Virgin's policy is that ski/snowboard bags count under the regular checked bag policy and should be charged the normal fee for a checked bag. So far so good EXCEPT unlike Delta and United, Virgin still charges oversize fees (extra $25) for any ski/snowboard bags over 62 inches long. This oversize fee doesn't make sense since nearly all ski/snowboard bags are over 62 inches long! United and Delta do NOT charge oversize fees for ski/snowboard bags, so I recommend you fly with them if you are traveling with skis or a snowboard. I would never have flown Virgin if I had known that they would charge me an oversize fee.
