5	I hired Amelia to do my make up and hair for my birthday this last weekend. All I can say is, WOW! She was awesome, so talented and fun to talk to. I will definatley  be calling her in  the future! Definatley give her a call if you want to look your best. She came to me, which made it so easy and super convenient.**UPDATE**So, almost three years after the first time I met Amelia, I have had her do my hair and makeup more than a dozen times. Each time has been awesome. Amelia is the easiest and most fun person to talk to. I now consider her a friend and will always have her do my make up when I'm in the area.
5	I was planning a Vegas wedding for 6.23.10 from across the country and was a little nervous about hiring someone sight-unseen for such a big day, but after several e-mails back and forth, I felt confident that she'd be wonderful. I was not disappointed, either. She was early, came prepared, was friendly, knew what I wanted and made me look and feel beautiful. We had a good time, too, which made me feel more relaxed on an anxiety-ridden day. I would recommend Amelia to anyone. Great Job!
5	Since I live in San Diego, CA and was getting married in Vegas, NV, I was frantic in hunting down a good and affordable hair/makeup artist in the Vegas area. Since I would not be able to do a trial run w/her beforehand (w/me in CA and her in NV), the hair/makeup artist also had to be trustworthy and reliable. This was very scary to me. I happen to run across a SD makeup artist who highly recommended Amelia C. I quickly did my homework on her and loved all her great reviews.  I booked Amelia immediately and right away she sent me a receipt and confirmation emails which included hair and skin prep tips to prepare myself for my big day. Amelia was always in touch with me regarding the look I was going for. I sent her hair and makeup photos of what I wanted and she was on top of it.  On our wedding day she arrived at our hotel room 15 minutes early, set up and had my "look" photos printed out on the table ready to go.  And just like that, she worked her magic!  She was so efficient and organized.  She took her time and made sure no detail was left unnoticed.  Even after all her attentiveness to detail, she actually finished 20 minutes early and OMGosh, my hair and makeup looked amazing!! My wedding look was EVERYTHING I hoped for and MORE!!!  My hair looked soft, flowy and touchable and my makeup didn't look fake, cakey or overdone. Most importantly, they both lasted all day, night, and even until the next day. On top of it all, it photographed BEAUTIFULLY!  She made my wedding day that more amazing!!!  I received so many compliments that day and I truly felt like a princess! I loved loved LOOOVED Amelia's work and she was SUCH a joy to work with!  She was everything I was hoping my hair/makeup artist would be for my wedding day and I would ABSOLUTELY use her again the next time we're in Vegas! She's the best!UPDATE:Just an FYI, she's also won the following: WeddingWire's Bride's Choice Award 2011The Knot Best of Wedding Award 2011 The Knot Best Nevada Stylist Award 2011!
5	I'm from CA and needed a stylist for my Vegas wedding. My sister-in-law found Amelia for my big day. Amelia offered very prompt responses to my e-mails and phone calls and was always make me feel secure while I worried about silly details. On the day of my wedding my alarm did not go off as it was supposed to at 5:30 AM, which ended up being alright because Amelia was 5 minutes early to our scheduled start at 5:45 AM. She was very positive, given the time of day and had all 6 of us ready to go ahead of schedule. My hair was exactly what I wanted and my makeup looked naturally beautiful. I felt exquisite on my wedding day, and my pictures turned out wonderfully. Amelia was awesome, I want an excuse to go back to Vegas just to have her do my hair and makeup again!!! Thank you so much Amelia, you made my day perfect.
5	I had Amelia come to the house before my big birthday bash to help glam me up!~ She is not only amazing at styling but super fast!
5	Amelia C is the most professional, articulate, and creative hair designer and make-up artist I have dealt with to date. She know what looks will be best for each person. She gives you what you want, only better. Amelia has been my stylist and good friend for years. I hated moving away from her because the new people simply can not get it right. Amelia was the make-up artist for my wedding last year. She made me look stunning and elegant. She made it the perfect day I always dreamed of. I recommend her for any occasion.
5	Amelia was just great!! I felt absolutely awesome on my big day thanks to her. She had so Many ideas n suggestions. I would def recommend her and hire her again! She was on time & professional!! She was just AWESOME!! HIRE HER YOU WON'T GET REGRET IT!!
5	Last month I got married and Amelia C. took great care of me and my bridal party!I live in CA so I didn't get a chance to have a trial run so I was slightly concerned but all was well. I had pictures to show her and she was spot on to what I had in mind from the two different pictures I showed her. She worked well with my mothers (mine and groom's) and my sister and more importantly myself. I was open for suggestion for make-up and I liked the suggests she and went with it. She was flexible when I wanted a slight change and knew where I was trying to go.Amelia kept up great communication with me, before the wedding weekend and during. She checked in with me the day before and called when the valet was full and she might be a little late but still was not late.I loved working with her and would recommend her to anyone that is in need of a beautiful transformation for any special occasionTHANK YOU AMELIA!!!.
5	Amelia was out of town during my wedding, so she sent Krista to do my bridal hair and makeup.  Krista was on time and ready to go, she had everything she needed for the day, even some little straws so her brides can drink without messing up their lipstick.  She was sweet and funny and made me feel at ease.  Since I had very few ideas on what I wanted and had asked her for her input on everything I was truly in her hands and could not have been happier with the result.  I had so many compliments through out the night on my hair and makeup, thanks to her hard work. I recommend her to anyone looking to get hitched in Vegas!
5	It was wonderful to work with Amelia. Let's start with her talents. She's a phenomenal hair and make-up artist. She allowed me to experiment with a drastic look during my trial (I highly recommend a trial--I had a destination wedding and scheduled a trial a couple days before the big day), and then she encouraged me to share my thoughts and then adjusted my make-up until it was perfect. I ended up with a pouty, bright red lip and smoky eyes--I loved it! She also is a magician with hair. My bridesmaids loved their looks, and she did wonders with my mom, who had damaged hair from a perm gone awry. She's also got a great personality for working with brides and bridal parties. She's calm, knowledgeable and patient, without being patronizing or demanding, and she and her assistant Lisa were just great to hang out and gossip with. I couldn't have imagined a better "getting ready" experience. And I felt beautiful!  Many thanks, Amelia! You are good people.
5	Look No Further!!! Amelia is the makeup and hairstylist you want in Las Vegas. I've been an entertainer for many years and I have  a healthy knowledge of styling, so when I was getting married in another city I had to do some hunting to find the right stylist.  I shared a few photos with her and she immediately dialed into the look I was going for.  You can tell from her website that Amelia is extremely professional and talented.  I can tell you that she is prompt, warm, fun and an all-around sheer delight to be with, which is an added bonus to her much needed skills. I can assure you that when you hire Amelia you will look absolutely stunning and have no worries. I can only add this:  I have never looked or felt better, more beautiful or received more compliments than I did on my wedding day.   That says it all, doesn't it?
5	I started talking with Amelia C about two months before my wedding. I had been putting off booking a hair and makeup artist because it's not an area I know a lot about or am very comfortable with. Amelia C could not have been more helpful with the booking process and figuring out the planning and details of the morning of. Her staff Lisa (makeup magician!) and Christa (hair goddess!) were so energetic and on-top of it despite the 6AM report time at our hotel. They both listened extremely carefully to what each individual girl wanted and never pushed us to do something trendy or something we weren't comfortable with. We kept each other laughing all morning and the atmosphere in the room was so lively and fun. Lisa offered an unlimited amount of touch-ups while she was there and gave each girl a little "emergency kit" with some extra matte powder and lip color should a touch-up be necessary. Christa was a master with the curling iron and made my Japanese friends stick straight hair hold a curl for 9 hours. It was all-in-all an amazing experience and I am so happy I decided to go with Amelia C. The company is the embodiment of professionalism and I am so happy that I decided to use them as a vendor. I cannot recommend Amelia C enough and encourage any bride in the Las Vegas area to look into her services. The price is extremely affordable and almost feels like it's too cheap for the quality of work done. We all would have easily paid 3x the amount for how beautiful and vibrant we all felt after spending a morning with Lisa and Christa!
5	Amelia C was the perfect stylist for my ceremony. I live in Salt Lake City, but traveled to Las Vegas for my wedding. I needed a stylist who could come to my hotel and one who had perfected a vintage look for our retro wedding. Amelia C fit the bill! She was prompt in all of her communications with me and arrived early to the appointment. I sent my inspiration board about a month before the ceremony. When she arrived at my hotel room, we discussed the photos and she helped me decide upon the right style to complement my vintage gown and headpiece. My makeup and hairstyle lasted long into the night. I highly recommend her for your wedding day.
5	I had my commitment ceremony in Las Vegas last month and was introduced to Amelia by my wedding coordinator Brit. I was so nervous because I live in Chicago and had no knowledge of anyone or anything in Vegas. I was not able to do a trial run and just had to send pictures. When it came to my hair and makeup for my ceremony, I was so nervous as I received strict instructions from my fiancee' to make sure that I looked as natural as possible. When I relayed this to Amelia she smiled and said not a problem. Amelia is the ABSOLUTE BEST THERE IS!!! HANDS DOWN! If I can carry her around in my back pocket, I so would. She made me feel and look absolutely beautiful. She was even there to calm me down when in need. I am forever grateful to have Amelia by my side that day with hair and make up and anytime I need a stylist in Vegas I promise to call and hope that she is available!!! LOVE IT and Love you Amelia!
5	Highly recommend Amelia. Was looking to get gussied up for my first black tie affair. She not only did an incredible job on my hair and make up, but is impeccably professional. She was super responsive and organized. She showed up on time and finished the work on time. She immediately put me at ease and was easy to talk to - she is very knowledgable and experienced with not only the art of doing hair and make up, but also her industry and her future goals (and didn't speak badly about any client - have had experiences with other stylists who have). But for those ladies who don't like chatter, she would've been ok with not talking at all (she asked me if that was my choosing). At the end of two hours, she left me looking hot, hot, hot. I got a nice nod and smile from my usually stoic husband who said that I looked better than on my wedding day. Amelia even left me with some extra lipstick and a straw (for drinking my drinks!) - nice touch! Five stars... hands down!
5	Amelia C. and her team did a fantastic job on our hair and makeup! I had five bridesmaids and myself receive their services, and they made us look photo-perfect all day in a very timely fashion. Even when two or three of my bridesmaids were indecisive about how they wanted their hair done, Amelia did not mind at all and altered their up-dos until the girls were completely happy. Lisa did a stellar job on our makeup. My makeup lasted all day! Amelia is a delight to work with. She is fun, kind, and extremely talented! Thank you again ladies!
5	Amelia was a complete delight! She is professional, experienced and has absolutely everything with her to make your transformation complete.Amelia was very responsive in sending the necessary info to book services, sent a reminder in advance with information to help you prepare for the day. I'm local and she came to my house with bags of stuff including lighting, a special chair and more tools/supplies that you can imagine. I provided some photos on the look I wanted and she was able to replicate (and improve!) what I requested. She made modifications after consulting with me that suited my face/style better than the pictures I provided.In addition, she is fun to hang out with! As this was my wedding day, I was a bit anxious. Her stories about her experience and her friendly, positive attitude solidified my confidence in her.Make-up and hair lasted well into the wee hours of the morning and my pictures are terrific!
5	Amelia's terrific. She arrived promptly on time and completed her services as scheduled. When planning a destination wedding, you leave a lot of your trust in the hands of others to make sure that your wedding day is everything that you've ever dreamed of. I relied heavily on what other clients have said in their reviews and I also visited the artists' websites to check out their portfolios. I considered 5 other artists but something kept drawing me back to Amelia. Her professionalism and prompt responses via email were definitely recognized and she made it feel very comfortable working with her. I normally do not wear much make-up (only mascara), so I did not want anything heavy on my face. I wanted to look like myself and Amelia helped me to achieve that goal. She also did a fantastic job with my hair and I felt naturally pretty. The only drawback in comparing Amelia's services to others on our hotel preferred vendor list and from my own research was that her prices were a little bit higher, but all in all, worth it.
5	What can I say? I was blown away. We had Melissa come to Mgm to do 5 hairs and 3 makeups, including myself (the bride). It was so hard to pick a stylist from MA knowing I wouldn't be able to have a trial run before the big day. But after reading reviews I knew I picked the right company. Prompt with responses through email and phone calls. Even though myself and my 2 bridesmaids were hungover on my wedding day (oh Vegas) Melissa made us look amazing. You couldn't tell we had only slept three hours. If you are a bride to be reading this, have no doubts and book Amelia!
5	My wedding was at Mandalay Bay on 5/28/12.  We had a destination wedding to Las Vegas from Hawaii.  My now husband :) and I wanted something different.  Finding a makeup and hair artist was a challenge because I didn't know anyone in Vegas.  I searched on line and Amelia C and Co would always pop up as being on top of the list.  I read all of their reviews which were all wonderful.  So I booked with them. I had a trial done a few days of arriving to Las Vegas.  Amelia and Alana were wonderful! I provided pictures of how I want "the look" to be and they replicated it.  I was nervous about airbrush but Alana did her magic! I don't have excellent flawless skin but she made me look and feel beautiful.  That was very exciting.  Amelia did my hair exactly how I wanted it to be.  The whole look was perfect!  Hair and makeup lasted all day.  I couldn't have made a better decision than to go with Amelia C and Co.  They are just amazing, fun and professional people.  You won't be disappointed.  My MOH actually is considering hiring them too for her wedding :)  Thank you Amelia and Alana!  You both were wonderful!Aloha,Rialyn
5	It's always a little nerve-wracking to book vendors sight unseen, but after reading numerous positive reviews, I felt confident booking with Amelia C & Co. From booking to the day of, Amelia C & crew were so easy to work with. They accommodated multiple changes I needed (adding/removing bridesmaids who wanted services, changing start time), and were gracious in doing so!The morning of the wedding, Amelia & an intern came to our hotel room, and got to work setting up right away. Even after not having done a trial hair & makeup session, my hair & makeup turned out even better than I had imagined! I'm not a big makeup person on a normal day, and Amelia understood exactly what I wanted and made me feel glamorous. My makeup stayed through a very teary ceremony & reception, and even through the Vegas club after party. I am so happy with how I looked in pictures--beautiful, but still with my own style coming through. And of course, my bridesmaids looked amazing too! I would recommend Amelia & Co to any bride!
5	Thank you so much Amelia-C & Co. for making everyone look beautiful on my special day. You guys are amazing and extremely talented at what you do.Since I was doing a destination wedding, I selected Amelia-C & Co. based on their top rated reviews and professionalism. They seriously are the best that Vegas has to offer. I cannot thank them enough..I sooo wish they were out here in CA!Amelia perfected my hair & make-up not only on my trial run but also on my wedding day. She was always on time, very personable which helped me feel at ease. Numerous people complimented me on how beautiful I looked and the best part was that even after 10 hours of running around, my hair and make-up stayed flawless.Gina & Delany were also very accommodating knowing the fact that some of my bridesmaids decided last minute to set up their appointments. They were also considerate that some of my bridesmaid forgot their tip money and decided to mail in later on. So sorry ladies, I apologize on their behalf. Thank you for understanding but it is on its way.Overall, their prices are very reasonable, you don't have to drive out looking for the place, they will come to you!  Seriously, if you want the best service and look gorgeous on your big day definitely go with Amelia-C & Co. They will help you look stunning!
5	Amelia C was recommended to me by my photographer. I've had some pretty bad experiences getting my makeup done, and I preferred not to look like Tina Turner on my wedding day. However, when I saw the gallery posted on Yelp and the portfolio posted on Amelia C's website, I knew I'd be in good hands.It was so easy to book with Amelia, and her receptionist Rob is very helpful. I never had to wait long for a response to my emails. Five of us girls got our hair done by Hayley and makeup done by Amelia. Amelia even did a great coverup of my sister's ginormous tattoo on her back. Amelia also gave me a cute little blue glitter tattoo right above my garter; it was such a nice bridal touch, and super cool, too. Overall, I had a great experience with Amelia C & Co. Amelia and Hayley arrived early to set up and we began the appointment right on time. The girls have great personalities, and when they had finished making us over, we all looked great, if I might say so myself. ;) I would highly recommend Amelia to any girl who wants to look fabulous, no matter what the occasion. You can trust that you'll be in good hands and have a fun time getting dolled up!Thank so much Amelia!
2	I have always researched reviews for any types of vendor/services that I am looking for.  After reading  many reviews about Amelia & Co, I had very high expectations and was a little disappointed with the end product.  This is also not the first wedding that I was a part of, so I have had experience with working with other makeup artists and hair stylists.  Therefore, I very critical in comparing what I have received with other artists with the service I received from Amelia & Co. First of all, in order to book a trial session with Amelia & Co., you have to commit to booking the services for the wedding date.  This does not make sense to me because I thought a trial session was meant to find out if you are happy with the artists' styles BEFORE booking them for your big day (other companies allow you to book only the trial session without committing to booking them for you wedding).  I booked the makeup artist (they assigned Gina to me) for my trial makeup session, which I was satisfied with.  My fiance and I took our engagement photos and the pictures turned out great.  So, I made the assumption that my wedding party and I would receive the same great service on my wedding day.  Keep in mind that I didn't do a trial session for my hair prior to the wedding.  I basically trusted the online reviews.  Now it's wedding day....Gina (makeup artist) and Hayley (hairstyle) arrived at to the venue early to set up..Awesome!!My review regarding my makeup and hair:Hair: I showed Hayley two pictures: the first to show the low chignon that I wanted in the back, the second was to show the twist that I wanted in the front with fell to the right side of my head.  She did the low chignon just fine.  However, she took several tries trying to get the twist in my bangs the way that I wanted.  It was sloppy and looked plastered to my head  and with no volume at all.  So I gave up on her and ended up telling her just to stick with a simple side sweep.  Overall, my hair still looked good.  But, I still wish that I had a twist instead of the side sweep.  Makeup: I felt that Gina rushed with my makeup. Overall, it took less than 30 minutes to finish my makeup. I've worked with other makeup artists who normally take 45-60 minutes and do a better job applying the makeup.  I loved the color of the lipstick that she applied.  But, she did a sloppy job applying it.  It was not even aligned with the natural outline of my lips.  Fortunately, I purchased the same lipstick before my wedding day.  So, I took what Gina put on my lips off and redid it myself.   My review regarding my bridemaid's make up and hair:Hair: My bridesmaid's hair ended up looking nothing like the pictures that she showed Hayley.  She still looked good. But, the main reason that we were disappointed was that the hairstyle that she received looked like something that I could have done myself.  Hayley gave my maid of honor a 'sock bun' when the pictures looked nothing like a bun.  The braid that she did in her bangs were not french braided like the pictures; it was just a braid that was layed flat to the side...sloppy!  Before the ceremony, some of her hair fell out and we had to pin it back in place.Makeup: Same as my review for makeup with the below addition:Gina did not apply any concealer to some imperfections....foundation ended up fading over the course of the day.  Service of Rob C (I think he was the administration assistant that replied to my questions via email).  He was very quick to respond to all of my questions.  He prepared my invoices with all the important details and never failed to respond to questions in a timely manner.  Thank you!  Overall, we still looked good.  But for the money we paid and the reviews that I read, my expectations were set very high.  I did not feel like I received my money's worth.  If all other clients receive the same service that I did on my wedding day, I am very surprised that Amelia & Co do makeup for competitions, pageants, etc. Not sure why they would want to hire Amelia & Co.Thanks.
5	Hayley A (hair) and Gina M (makeup) were assigned to help my bridesmaid, my mom, and I on my wedding day. I have to admit that I was a little nervous hiring them since I am from Virginia Beach and did not even have a trial run for my hair and make-up but once they started, I knew I was in good hands. These girls are amazing! I am ever so grateful for their work and making me feel absolutely radiant on my wedding day.
5	You might be wondering why a male is leaving Amelia a 5 star review...it is because she rocks!  After being engaged for almost 2 years, my bride to be and I decided last minute to have an intimate ceremony in Vegas with about 40 of our closest friends and family.  We had less than 2 weeks to pull it all together, so as you can imagine the bride was a little stressed out between researching our vendors and venues, and lining it all up.  Since this was a destination wedding and we had no prior experience with the majority of our vendors, she was most nervous about the hair and makeup.  My wife is beautiful everyday, but the day of our wedding she looked absolutely stunning!  She was confident and at ease, and we have Amelia to thank for that.  If you are like us and getting ready to take a leap of faith booking an unfamiliar hair and makeup artist, book Amelia C & Company.  You will be happy that you did.Also, my wife Julianne wanted me to add that she recommends booking a trial run prior to the wedding day!
5	Amelia and her staff are fantastic!I came to Amelia C & Co after an awful mess with my previous  scheduled hair stylist.  I was 6 weeks out from my wedding and after being ditched for my bridal hair trial for the second time, I called Amelia on a Sunday morning.  As soon as I called, she answered with a friendly hello.  I told her about my situation, and she listened patiently.  I told her how I'm sure she already has a full day planned for my popular wedding day (11.11.11).  She said she might have an opening but she couldn't confirm until she checked with her staff.  She was able to calm my nerves and gave me hope that my wedding day was not ruined.  Thankfully, as I am from SoCal, I was in town about 3 weeks out from my wedding and Haley (hair) and Christa (make up) was able to schedule a trial for my wedding day hair and make up.  They were prompt and even called when they were about 10 minutes out from the location.  They did a fantastic job and they gave me great input.  I was still debating about 5 different similar-but- different hair styles.  Haley took a look at my sheet of many options and said she could come up with some hybrid.  Christa helped me keep my natural look while not looking washed out.  On the day of, they called about 45 minutes before to confirm the hotel room and gave an ETA.  They arrived early and set up and was ready for me and my girls straight away.  They had scheduled ample time for each person (me, my mom, and 4 bridesmaids). (I even got a breakfast break in between the hair and make up)  Haley had her own power strip; Christa brought her own equipment including a directors chair and a photo umbrella light to make sure that the make up was up to par for photos.  My hair lasted all night and my make up made it through tears.  I even did jumping photos and the hair made it with no prob.  They were fantastic and courteous.  I would recommend Amelia and her staff to any bride looking for peace of mind on a stressful day.
5	Wow!!!!!  I can't believe how amazing this company is.  I live in So Cal and got married in Vegas.  From the beginning, Rob, the director of operations, was friendly and helpful.  He sounded genuinely excited that they were going to be part of my big day.  On the day of my wedding, Bianca came to my hotel suite for my hair and makeup.  She showed up a couple of minutes early to set up and talk to me about what kind of look I was going for because I was unable to come up for a trial run.  She was so sweet and personable.  I felt comfortable with her immediately.  Let me tell you, she was able to create the exact look I was hoping for.  I felt like a princess by the time she was done with me.  My hair and makeup were exquisite and I received compliments all night long from my guests and even strangers!!!!  Thank you sooo very much to Bianca and everyone at Amelia C. and Co. for a truly wonderful experience!!  I will definitely be using you guys again the next time I am in Vegas for an event!
5	I use Yelp ALL the time but hardly ever write a review. Although I have come across some great businesses very few of them were experiences I wanted to share. I was raised with the "if you have nothing nice to say don't say anything at all" mantra. I cannot rave more about Rob and Amelia. I recently moved to Vegas from LA and had a Christmas party to go to that meant rubbing elbows with some big people. I wanted the night to be special so I turned to yelp and found Amelia C & Co and I can't say enough how happy I am that I did. From the first email to the last Rob was professional and very prompt! Which in my book is a great sign of what's to come. The day of the party was here and Amelia came to my room and from the minute she walked in I think we became friends. She was so warm and funny. I felt like I had known her my whole life! I explained to her what I was looking for and she gave me just that! I received so many compliments on my hair and makeup mostly from drunk women but you know the truth comes out when people are drunk ;). I will definitely use Amelia for my next big event. Or maybe I'll just make an excuse to throw a party so I can get all dolled up again :) I have been getting my hair and makeup done by professionals for years in LA so I know a thing or two about who is great at what they do and Amelia is AMAZING at what she does! You won't regret it!
5	Wow - Amelia C & Co.....for being the happiest day of my life, I thought I was already on Cloud 9 but you took my experience up to the stratosphereI had no idea there was a hidden supermodel lurking inside me. All I can say is be prepared to be blown away!We had worked w/ Rob to secure an appt for both hair & makeup for myself & 2 bridesmaids.  Contact w/ Rob was super-fast & there was a ton of great info provided before our appt so we could be completely prepared for greatnessAmelia C was our hair guru & Alana G was our makeup goddess - so incredibly nice, they put us right at ease from the moment they walked in the doorWe discussed how we envisioned ourselves for the big event - the curly-haired girl wanted straight hair; the straight-haired girls wanted lots of curls - & although we had no concrete direction, this didn't phase them at all.  Instead, our ideas were taken, built upon, & improved ten-fold End result?  I can't even tell you how my eyes popped out once I saw how gorgeous I looked & everyone thought the same about themselves & about each other - the hair & makeup combos were like nothing we could ever have even dreamed, it was so fantastic & we were just giddy & giggly for hours afterwards, we were so ecstaticThroughout all afternoon & night, both hair & makeup stayed perfectly in place - we looked just as fresh at the end of our festivities as we did starting out - it was simply amazing!Thank you for making me a honest-to-goodness Fairy Princess on my very most special day - I felt so incredibly beautiful & it was all b/c of you!
5	Words can not express how happy I was with my hair and make up on my wedding day!!! Alana G did a FANTASTIC job on my make up! I told her what I was looking for and showed her a pic. The next thing I know she's handing me a mirror and it was EXACTLY what I was wanting! PLUS, my make up stayed perfect all night and even the next day! Hayley A was a magician with my hair! I've recently had a health issue that has caused some hair thinning and I was SO nervous about my hair for the wedding. I brought my extensions with me and described to Hayley what I wanted to do (in detail, I'm kinda picky) and before I knew it, she did EXACTLY what I wanted, only BETTER than I had imagined it! These two are truly exceptional artist! I was so nervous shopping online from Texas, reading through reviews and checking out websites.  I'M SO HAPPY I WENT WITH AMELIA C & CO! I wish I could bring them to Texas for every occasion I ever have! EXCEPTIONAL!!!!
5	Amazing. Awesome. The best. Amelia, Rob and Alana were really wonderful. I booked them for my sister-in-law's wedding, to get hair and makeup done for her, me, my mother-in-law and one of the bridesmaids. Rob was super sweet to work with, and he helped me put together the right package for our 3-day, Indian wedding event. Amelia does great hair...she had all of us looking wonderful for each event...and was able to deal with our different styles and hair textures and lengths (and even the little "problem" spots). Her styles were very natural and flattering!  And best of all, she was super warm and friendly, gave great, honest advice, and genuinely cared about how confident we felt getting ready for the big day. Alana did our makeup, and again, she really knows her stuff. All of us LOVED her style of eye makeup, and my mother-in-law, who was extremely resistant to getting her hair and makeup done, loved it and wanted to do it by the last day. she looked very fresh and natural, and Alana was superb at matching our Indian skin tones.  Like Amelia, she really knew how to make us feel good from the inside out, not just on the surface. And she gave the bridesmaid, who had never had fake lashes before, a box to take home!  The small touches with Amelia C & Co. meant a lot to us. And their patience and professionalism really helped to make my sister-in-law's special event the best.  Their pricing is super fair, and I really feel good supporting this business.  (If you get a chance, talk to Amelia about her business plans. She's really dedicated and cares about what she's doing and her staff.)If I am ever in Vegas and need a stylist, I will always come here.  Amelia & Alana...you're both wonderful!
5	If you're looking for a great make up artist for your wedding, look no further!Amelia C. and Co made our wedding day special. Melissa came in time. She worked professionally on my hair and make up. She made me look ah-mazing! I just showed her photos on my phone on how I wanted my make up and hair look like, and she made it exactly the way I wanted it to be with her competitive skills. I was really nervous on my wedding day and she made everything very comfortable and easy. I coordinated with Rob and he was very helpful with all the details that I need. He provided me all the info and preps that I need before the wedding day. His response were very prompt and informative. He will never leave you hanging and in doubt. He made sure every details are well coordinated and polished.
5	I had randomly booked another company for hair and makeup, but was told by someone in the industry to cancel and book with Amelia C for bridal/bridal party hair and makeup. I'm glad I did! I had an airbrush tan with Amelia, as well as hair and makeup by Haley and Melissa F. I was super stressed out with all the wedding plans and they certainly lightened the mood while making us look great. Our hair and makeup stayed fantastic through the ceremony (which included tears), 4 hours of dancing, and St. Paddy's after party! I can't imagine using anyone else for hair and makeup in Las Vegas.
3	I was neither overall pleased nor disappointed with Amelia C & Co. Overall, I suppose they got the job done for having never had a preliminary trial run. I came to Las Vegas for my November wedding. Unfortunately I wasn't going to be in LV long enough to have a trial run for hair/makeup before our big day, so I booked Amelia C based on Yelp reviews. A 5/5 rating! Wow! Unfortunately the service was not exactly worthy of the 5/5 starts. I was totally psyched about my wedding day from beginning to end except for the way that my makeup looked. In hindsight, that would have been the one thing I would have changed. I am very particular about my makeup and had contacted Amelia C & Co before booking to find out if they had artists who were good at makeup for Asian eyes. I was assured that the artist would do a great job. She didn't :(, my eyebrows were horrible, my foundation washed me out in all of my photos, and my lip color faded after the first hour. The only thing that stayed put were my eyelashes and too-dark eyeliner. It was only weeks after our wedding that my bridesmaids finally told me how rude Amelia was to them, almost condescending. You know its bad when it's coming from a bunch of east coasters who are used to a little ball-busting. They also told me that they all felt rushed and none of them got the look that they had asked for. I held off on writing this review because I understand what it is like to promote your business, however I eventually thought it necessary to write an HONEST review. Having worked in the beauty industry for several years, I know the importance of customer service and making your customers feel comfortable. Unfortunately, our experience with Amelia, that day, did not fit the mold. The only saving grace for this review was our hairdresser. Our hair looked great and stayed in place all day/night long. In addition to great work, our hairdresser was extremely personable and made us feel comfortable despite our discomfort in the makeup chair. I would definitely suggest Amelia C & Co for the makeup novice, as they do an adequate job for any event.......however if you are experienced in makeup and hair, you should DEFINITELY have a trial run beforehand, because without one-the results may not be as expected.
5	I completely trusted the reviews when I went to book amelia c and co and probably the best decision I made for my wedding! It was for a wedding last Thursday and I had me plus 9 other girls who got makeup and hair done with Delaney, Melissa and Bianca . They were right on time and listened to each and one of our request. I know a couple of us were very specific and picky and they all listened. everyone loved their hair and make up! Even my husband was in awe of how I looked that night! All my blemishes were gone! Prompt, excellent customer service and very talented girls! I swear you won't regret booking  them on your special event!
5	My wedding was March 31 2013 in Vegas. I booked early with Amelia C & Co based on reviews I read online. I was not disappointed!I paid half in advance by credit card and was sent some great info and tips to get ready for my big day. It was all very organized and professional on their end which I appreciate.....because i'm NOT organized lolI was to text her when I figured out my room number when we arrived so she would know where to come on my wedding day.Well, she tried calling me when I didn't do this, ( of course I forgot!) and then she  texted me the night before finally reaching me! ( sorry Amelia). She made me feel better by telling me stories of tracking down brides with rooms under other peoples names and so on. PHEW! So she came bright and early to do my hair and makeup and my MOH's makeup.She arrived at 7:15 am to be ready for my noon ceremony. We ended up being finished around 10 I believe so I had plenty of time to finish getting ready.I showed her my pictures of inspiration on my phone and she knew exactly what I wanted done :)She was very refreshing and calming that early in the morning which really helped start my day right! No Stress! ...aaaaand the champagne was partially responsible for that as well ;)She wowed us with our makeup and hair!!! We were both so pleased! I would definitely recommend Amelia to any bride and i'm sure the rest of the artists on her team are amazing as well.Thank You so much Amelia!, I had SO many compliments and my lashes lasted well into the weekend ;)
5	I'm super happy that the reviews on here lived up to what I was hoping for when it was time for my wedding day! I just got married on April 24, 2013 at the Luxor hotel. Amelia was the one who did my hair and makeup. I loved the fact that she was able to come to me. Made everything so much more easy! Rob was very quick to answer my emails as well and I thank him so much for that! It was one worry to get off my list to make sure I had the hair and makeup booked!Amelia was so awesome through it all. I showed her some pictures of what I wanted my makeup and hair to look like and she replicated it beautifully! She was super friendly and so lovely to talk to! I was just amazed at how fantastic it all turned out. I couldn't stop staring at myself! I felt gorgeous! My makeup looked amazing in the photos, too! My wedding was at 11am and both the makeup and hair lasted all day and night! She even gave me a little bit of the lip gloss to keep, so I could touch it up when I needed to. Also, some bobby pins just in case, which I didn't even need because it stayed in place!If any of my friends were to get married in Vegas, I would push them to book Amelia! This is my first review on yelp and I am happy to give her 5 stars because it was such a pleasant experience for me! Thank you, Amelia & Co.
5	I hired Amelia C & Co to do my hair and makeup for my wedding last Saturday.  They did an amazing job!!  First, I had a great experience with Rob who handled the booking, contract, and payment.  He was professional, polite, and easy to work with.  I had Bianca as my hair and makeup artist and was thrilled with her.  She was so nice and did such a great job.  She listened to the things I wanted changed from my trial, did everything I asked for, and made me look so beautiful for my special day.  I highly recommend this company and Bianca!!!
5	I was just married on May 16, 2013 at the Wynn and I am so thankful for having Amelia for my hair and makeup on my wedding day! Amelia made my daughter and I look truly beautiful! She is a true professional and an expert in her field. She was also an absolute pleasure to spend time with! She put me completely at ease and I had the upmost confidence in her ability.I had contacted several hair and make up artists before choosing Amelia C & Co. I felt so comfortable from the moment Rob responded to my first email. All my questions and emails were always answered quickly.   On the day of the ceremony Amelia really listened to how I wanted to look and exceeded my expectations! I could not have asked to look and feel more special!
5	I planned my entire Las Vegas wedding via the internet and email through reviews such as the ones on Yelp since my husband and I live in Chicago. Luckily for me, the reviews for Amelia C & Co lived up to their word!First of all, communication during the planning process was flawless. I always received a quick and detailed response. Amelia called me the day before to run all the details by me again (time of arrival, number of people...) and had everything correct.She arrived exactly on time to our hotel suite with a team of pros! They knew exactly how to set up around the room and got started right away. They were friendly, professional, and the end product spoke for itself.They provided hair and makeup for myself, 6 bridesmaids, and the two mothers. EVERYONE loved the way they looked! They first asked what we were interested in and we showed them photos. They also gave suggestions to help us achieve the best look for each person.We were thrilled with the experience, and the price was right. If I find myself in Vegas again and need hair or makeup services, I would not hesitate to contact Amelia again!
5	Great experience! I contacted them via email through their website days before my event and they responded swiftly and Rob was very helpful. My makeup artist Melissa was a rock star! My makeup was exactly what I showed her, same with hair.  Very professional, would defiantly recommend!
5	I had Amelia do my hair and makeup for my wedding day and Hayley did my extensions. I was worried how it would come out, so I did a trial with them first. Let me tall you that this was the first time EVER that I actually loved how my makeup was done. Prior to this, anytime my make up was done by an "artist", I knew I could do better. I loved the hair as well. They were professional, showed up on time and did exactly what I asked for (I had magazine photos as guides for them). She also gave me a beautiful spray tan. Highly recommend!!
5	I'm so very happy with how my hair and makeup came out for my wedding. I did my research and all the good reviews was what caught my attention to try this company and im so happy i did!My hair and makeup was done by Bianca she's AMAZING! i did my trail makeup it came out exactly how i wanted it. She made me feel so comfortable and would ask how i wanted my makeup and listened to everything and loved the outcome.When the wedding day came i was so confident she was going to do an awesome job and she did! Bianca had sent me an email a couple days before to see how everything was going and see if i had any questions prior my wedding day. She arrived to the room early and would ask me how everything was coming out before going ahead. My hair and makeup were exactly how i wanted it. I will definitely hire Amelia-C if i have another event and have Bianca as my MUA. Rob was very prompt with every question i had.
5	I just got married on Sept 21, 2013 at Mandalay Bay, and had the most fantastic experience with Amelia C & Company. I relied on the great reviews I had seen on Yelp and the Knot and was not disappointed. Rob was great at answering questions in a timely manner.The day before the wedding I had a trial with Bianca and Hayley. Both ladies were professional, attentive and made it a point to make sure I was happy with the work they were doing. The day of the wedding Bianca, Hayley, Delaney and Alana came out to help do hair and makeup for the bridal party. The stylists were on time and ready to start within a few minutes. Everyone did amazing work and our hair and make up lasted the whole night. Everyone who had their hair or makeup done was happy with the end result.I would recommend these ladies to anyone looking for hair and makeup services. If I ever find myself in Las Vegas needing hair/makeup again I would book them in a heartbeat.
5	Just got married this past Saturday, October 5, 2013 in Summerlin, NV.I found Amelia C & Co on a wedding website, and decided to use them after reading all the great reviews.My makeup/hair artist was Bianca.  She only had to do myself as well as my mom.  She arrived at our hotel on time.My mom turned out BEAUTIFUL... I've seen my mom get makeup done before, and she's usually always over-done.  Her makeup this time was amazing, and she glowed.  She loved it.As for me, I couldn't be happier.  I had tons of pictures of hairdos, but didn't like any of them completely, just parts of them.  Bianca listened to me and gave me the most beautiful hairdo that was a combination of what I wanted.  And my makeup was flawless... again, she looked at the pics and listened to me, and then came up with the best style for me.  And I received so many compliments on just my hair and makeup alone!  I can't wait for my professional pictures to arrive, because the ones my friends took turned out amazing!I highly recommend this service if you're ever in the Vegas area.  I will definitely be using them again if I'm in Vegas and in need of getting beautified!!
5	Amelia C & Co did my hair and makeup for my wedding, along with the hair and makeup of three other ladies for my wedding. I live out of state and so was unable to do any kind of trial (they offered it, but I just didn't have the time). So needless to say, I was a little nervous. When I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth before my lipstick was applied, my immediate reaction was "Holy S***! I look amazing!" And of course all the women in the other room began cracking up =). Needless to say, they were great at their jobs, and also a lot of fun. Thank you so much!
5	I just got married last night and I am so happy I chose Amelia & Co to do my hair and makeup! I didn't have the chance to do a trial before my wedding and was relying on all the reviews I read that said I would not be disappointed...boy were they right! Hayley did a phenomenal job on my hair and it was exactly the way I wanted it- I got so many compliments through out the night! My makeup was just as flawless...I was so bummed when I had to wash it off... The best part is I only had a few keywords on how I wanted my makeup and she knocked it out of the park! It lasted all night and I've never felt more beautiful! My girls looked just as good- everyone was happy- pictures came out awesome! It's so great that these ladies are willing to travel to you... Love love love our makeup and hair!Thank you so much!!!
5	I booked Amelia C for my destination wedding in Las Vegas. My first interaction was with Rob who was extremely friendly and quick in his response and this was the way he was through the entire process. Alana and Hayley first did my hair and makeup for my engagement pictures and I loved how everything turned out. For my wedding day this past Saturday, Alana and Hayley worked on my bridal party and theMoms. All the girls loved how their hair and makeup turned out. Hayley did a great job of making suggestions on what hair style would frame each girls face and Alana did a wonderful job on the makeup... Lasted the entire night.  As for me the bride, I received compliments the entire night on how stunning I looked. People were constantly asking who did my hair and make up. Thank you Hayley and Alana for making me feel so gorgeous on my special day!
5	Amelia did my hair & 6 bridesmaids (including a jr. bridesmaid) for my wedding on 10/28/13, and it was fabulous! I loved my hair & all my bridesmaids hair. I did a half up/half down style and I had my bridesmaids do a side bun updo.Throughout the planning process, I worked with Rob, who was very responsive to questions and changes. I had my trial months before the wedding, and it was seamless to get that on the calendar. Trust me, I'm an event planner myself so I have high expectations about this. I had a super early start time (5:00am), and Amelia & one other gal (sorry forgot her name) got there early to get started, bless their hearts :) If you don't want to stress about hair for your wedding in Vegas, hire Amelia for sure!
5	I just got married on 2/14/14 and so happy I went with Amelia & Co. Yelp never let's me down :-) My makeup / hair stylist was Bianca , and she was great! My makeup was beautiful and I absolutely loved my hair!! If you're looking for exceptional bridal hair / makeup , I would recommend Bianca .
2	If you are Asian, please do NOT use this makeup service if you want to look natural yet beautiful for your wedding. I made this mistake and booked with them. Although everyone is very nice and professional, I was quite disappointed with the hair and makeup done by Melissa. The appointment was for an in-room wedding makeup and hair session at the Bellagio. I was told that the makeup artist would arrive 15 min prior to the appointment time which should have been 12:45, but Melissa came just a couple minutes past 1pm. No biggie, but I felt it was quite rushed for her to do both makeup and hair by 3pm. I told her of my previous poor experience of getting makeup done that made me have dark black eyeliner and dark eyebrows that made me look old, and she assured me she is much better. So I was quite shocked and disappointed when I look 10 years older when she was done. The eyeliner was also uneven when I checked after she left. There were gaps in between the fake individual eyelashes that she had put on. For the hair, I told her to leave strands of hair to frame my face to make it less round, and she made a big curl with my side bangs on the left side, which got into my eye and face in most of the wedding shots in a big clump. Then on the right side she pulled my hair back which made my face look bigger. I really wish to have just done my own makeup. After the wedding I asked my friends, and they commented that the makeup made me look older and more Asian with the dark eyeliner. Even my mom told me I look better when I do my own makeup and hair. It was quite clear that the makeup was too heavy in close up photos. It looked very unnatural. I had also thought there would be airbrush foundation. Overall, I was impressed with the customer service and friendliness of the staff so I was hesitant to write this review. Nevertheless, after looking through the professional photos for the wedding, I was quite disappointed with the makeup and hair. I want to clarify again that I do not recommend this company for women of Asian features because it's quite difficult to get the makeup right. This makeup company still is very reputable and professional, but unfortunately they do not know how to do makeup for Asians.
4	My wedding was a destination wedding at Las Vegas on May 22.2012. It was kinda hard to find a trustable and professional makeup artist and hair dresser since I am from Los Angeles. So I looked up online (yelp), At first, I was worried that they wouldnot do a good job, since I am Asian, and I have this thought that non-Asian won't be able to make up Asian person. But I booked with Amelia and Co anyway. I didn't have time for the trial, but I went with my gut. I was assigned to Alana for the make up and Daileny for the hair. They did amazingg work.. All my guests said that my mom looked so beautiful and of course, the bride (me) too...Thanks, girl!! I would totally recommend them.
5	I was going back and forth between two makeup artist and I am really happy I went with Amelia C & Co. Amelia came to my room and did my hair and makeup. I showed her pictures of different makeup and hair styles I liked. She is very knowledgeable and sweet! She knew what would look good on my facial features and she was right. I was so happy with the outcome =) I would definitely recommend her. The makeup lasted all night! By the end of the night it looked like it was just applied. I know it is really bad to sleep with makeup on but I did and in the morning it still looked good. It is well worth the money to have your makeup done by a professional.
5	First off, these girls are AMAZING! I had a destination wedding in Las Vegas and planned my whole wedding from across the country. After a horrible first trial with another Hair/ Makeup Agency in Las Vegas, I was a bit discouraged. I was worried that no one would make me feel beautiful on my big day. Well, Amelia C & Co put my mind at ease!! Rob is super quick to respond to any email. I was lucky enough to have Rachel for Hair and Alana for makeup. I met the girls 3 days prior to my wedding to have my trial run before my engagement photos. The girls made me very comfortable and were so professional yet friendly. I was beyond excited when I saw myself after my trial: There was nothing to worry about- these girls made me look amazing! Again on my wedding day, the girls were punctual. My mother, bridesmaids, and I all had a blast in the bridal suite getting ready with them! We shared tons of laughs! Rachel and Alana worked so well together, and they made all of my maids and my mom look absolutely stunning. I felt so gorgeous on my big day as well!!!! There is a reason this company is #1 when you look up Hair/ Makeup in LV! They are worth it!!!! Thank you so much girls for making me feel incredible on my big day!!!
5	I only write reviews under two circumstances: exceptional performance or epic fail.  As one may tell from the 5-star rating, this was a review for an exceptional, awesome beyond words service.  While I didn't have an extravagant wedding, I still wanted my makeup and hair done professionally. After several days of going through yelp reviews and various wedding pages, I narrowed down to a few companies.  I sent emails to these companies and even left a message with one. No response. When I was about to give up hiring a professional makeup/hair artist, I watched the news and saw Amelia C. had done the makeup and hair on a specific bridal show/expo at Aliante Station. I looked up Amelia C's on yelp, read all the reviews, and drafted an email to the company with my inquiry about its services, provided the company with date, time, and hotel I will be staying for the wedding and hit "send".Within 24 hours, the chief dude, Rob, responded and told me it was a go! Sent me the contract, I signed. I then sent payment via PayPal. All done digitally. For someone like me who hates talking on the phone, this was definitely a plus. Rob then sent me a beauty checklist, among other things to help me stay organized before the wedding date. The beauty checklist was an awesome tool to have for someone like me. It definitely alleviated a lot of stress to see things checked off of that list as I have a Type A personality coupled with OCD.The week of the wedding, Amelia C called me herself to let me know she is the one showing up for the appointment. I told Amelia I had checked the weather forecast and on the wedding day, the wind is going to be 25-28 mph with 40 mph gust. Of course, nothing is wind or gust proof but she said we will work something out.The day of wedding, Amelia texted me timely just before 1 p.m. (the official start time) that she got to Vdara, where I was staying. Amelia was well prepared. She traveled by herself but she had everything with her including her own makeup chair. I had a photographer there and Amelia worked very well with my photographer and was super friendly. I had a playlist from Spotify going in the background to which Amelia, from time to time, she would sing and even danced along with the music. She was super fun and energetic. But most of all, Amelia was a great listener and very attentive. I am Asian but I don't like my almond shaped eyes and I don't like my single eyelids. Definitely did not want to embrace those qualities. I told Amelia I've had issues with eyeliner used on the bottom of my eyes. Amelia took all that information and gave me rounder, natural, smoky eyes. I showed her a photo of what I want the finished look to be like, so she gave me fake eyelashes that worked really well for me - nothing ridiculous, just simply extended my short and straight Asian eyelashes. Then as for the rest, I told her I don't have much of an opinion and leave it to her. I was highly satisfied with the way it finished, even my mother (a woman's biggest critic) liked it. After make up, we had plenty of time to spare for hair. I showed her a photo - it was a classic low bun with my hair parted to the side in the front. Amelia was curling my hair, teasing my hair and I have long hair and she could've used my own hair and created the bun. But no, she wanted something more dramatic because she figured, I hired her, the professional, let's make this grand. And boy, she made that bun looked grand, alright. Amelia created a sock-bun, then wrapped my hair around it and then bobby pinned and hair sprayed the hell out of it. And voila, I now have a sturdy up-do. I was very happy and satisfied with everything. And, we ended right on time. So, how did my hair and makeup fare out against the 40 mph gust? Hair:1, gust: 0. My hair did not move at all. Everyone (family, friends, and the judge who officiated my wedding) commented how good my hair looked and wondered how the wind didn't blow any hair out of place. Thumbs up to Amelia!Amelia definitely got herself a very satisfied customer and I will likely hired Amelia C again in the future for other events.
5	Highly recommend these folks.  They came to our room to do my hair & makeup for my wedding.  It was great!  Daileny & Alana were friendly and fun and added a wonderful moment to my special day. They did hair & makeup for me, my mom & my sister and did it in record time.  They arrived on time and were very professional.  If you are going to Las Vegas for a big event, call Amelia C & Co for your hair & makeup.  Worth every penny!
5	First off, these girls are AMAZING! I had a destination wedding in Las Vegas and planned my whole wedding from across the country. After a horrible first trial with another Hair/ Makeup Agency in Las Vegas, I was a bit discouraged. I was worried that no one would make me feel beautiful on my big day. Well, Amelia C & Co put my mind at ease!! Rob is super quick to respond to any email. I was lucky enough to have Rachel for Hair and Alana for makeup. I met the girls 3 days prior to my wedding to have my trial run before my engagement photos. The girls made me very comfortable and were so professional yet friendly. I was beyond excited when I saw myself after my trial: There was nothing to worry about- these girls made me look amazing! Again on my wedding day, the girls were punctual. My mother, bridesmaids, and I all had a blast in the bridal suite getting ready with them! We shared tons of laughs! Rachel and Alana worked so well together, and they made all of my maids and my mom look absolutely stunning. I felt so gorgeous on my big day as well!!!! There is a reason this company is #1 when you look up Hair/ Makeup in LV! They are worth it!!!! Thank you so much girls for making me feel incredible on my big day!!!/Users/kaitlyneydenberg/Desktop/10255939_10100375774551996_1925851564_n.jpg
5	If you're looking for a great makeup/hair artist, your search is over! They're so talented and just oh so magical!I inquired with Rob, the chief dude via their website. His reply was fast and he was so helpful with any questions I had. After getting all the info I needed, I booked them right away. I had the pleasure of Amelia, for hair, and Alana, for makeup, assigned for my special day. I was so excited to see what they can do for me I had to do a trial. They're just the best people to meet and the most talented in their craft. I showed them a couple of pictures and expressed what I wanted. I waited to look in the mirror til all was done. And once I looked at my reflection, I was in awe! I just had that feeling like a total makeover. Wedding stress was getting to me that time and they just cheered me up and made me feel so beautiful. For the day of my wedding they were a little early to my bridal suite, which I so appreciate. They worked on 3 of my bridesmaids before me. Seeing them in action was amazing! My girls looked at themselves and each other and couldn't hold back their smiles and compliments. They loved how they looked and were just so happy. When it came to me, shoot.. you already know I'm going to say!Amelia and Alana, THANK YOU! My girls and I believe in miracles because of you gals!
5	Delaney (hair stylist) and Bree (makeup artist) were incredible.  Showed up on time, extremely professional and all the girls in my wedding party plus my mom were absolutely gorgeous.  The hairdos and makeup held up throughout the ceremony and well into the night.  They accommodated every girls' personal tastes...heavy makeup on my glam friend, light natural makeup on my tomboy sis.  Everyone was happy.I wish I had done my hair/makeup with Amelia C, but bridal hair/makeup came with my pre-paid high-end Vegas hotel wedding ceremony package.  My BFF who is super picky/meticulous about her makeup said that she had never been happy with any makeup artist until now.  She demanded to know where I found Amelia C.  It's all thanks to you, fellow Yelpers!I would highly recommend Amelia C to anyone getting married in a Vegas destination wedding.  Rest assured that they will get it right.BTW -- all my girls are Asian and did not have poor experiences (as mentioned in a previous review).
5	I recently had my wedding and booked with Amelia and Co and I am so glad I did! I had first booked another company but it was so difficult to coordinate times and arrange make-up artists that I decided to look around and I am so glad I decided to go with  Amelia and Co! From the first e-mail they made everything so easy! Rob answered all my e-mails promptly and I never felt out of the loop. On my wedding day the crew arrived on time and excited to work. All of my bridesmaids were raving about their hair and make-up. Amelia worked with me and she did an outstanding job! If you're looking for great hair and make-up choose Amelia and Co!
5	I would highly recommend them! They did  hair and makeup for myself and two other ladies and everything looked beautiful!  I would recommend getting a trial done the day before to make sure everything is exactly how you want it. It was so convenient that they came to my room and they honestly made the day run a bit smoother. They even finished all our hair and makeup a bit early. They are absolutely great!
5	I felt beautiful on my wedding day! I wasn't worried about a thing at all throughout the process or the day. I trusted Amelia C & Co. to everything, and they saw to it that my hair was amazing, and my makeup was flawless! I sent inspirational photos via email prior to the day, and they understood exactly what I was looking for, and executed it perfectly. The conversation during the hair and makeup was great, laid back, relaxed and just flowed naturally. Professional in every way! If you're getting married in Las Vegas (especially if you don't live there), I would strongly suggest you contact Amelia C & Co. for any hair and makeup needs!
5	I highly recommend Amelia C & Co for hair and makeup. Tyler is amazing and I couldn't have been happier! I loved the whole process from talking with Rob (chief dude) to meeting with Tyler and all the effort they put into my big day. Thank you for everything!
4	Amelia and her team did an amazing job for my bridal and two bridesmaids' make up/hair!  I loved loved loved their work and appreciated all of her helpful suggestions on putting together a cohesive look.The main reason I'm giving a 4 star review (even though I'm really torn between a 5..) is because I felt very flustered and rushed for the first 20 or so minutes of the appointment.  I had an appointment set up for 1pm at my hotel and Amelia and team arrived about 15 minutes early (which is probably a good thing, I can't imagine working with someone who is running way late or worse not showing up!).  I was wrapping up lunch at a casino next door with my bridesmaids and rushed over to meet them in the lobby.  The set up was really quick, probably about 5 minutes and at 1pm my bridesmaids popped in to get started.  They were on time but I felt like we were already running behind.  Amelia and team were ready to go!  TIP to anyone getting hair/makeup done - have clear ideas on what you want!  I knew what kind of hair I liked but not so much make up.  I think it might of helped if there had been an email check in beforehand to remind us to be ready early just in case and have photo ideas for hair and make up on hand.  I haven't had professional hair or makeup done before so I wasn't sure what I need to do to prepare.Anyway in the end we relaxed into the appointment and I was so pleased with the final looks.  I definitely recommend reaching out to Amelia C & Co for beautiful make-up and hair needs.
5	I had a wonderful experience with Amelia C & Co from start to finish.  When I called to book, my call was answered immediately by a very polite gentleman who was able to squeeze me in for a 6am session before my 9am wedding happening in less than a week.  On the day of,  the owner, Amelia, showed up on time with a slew of tools, including her own lighting. She proceeded to do an exceptional job on my hair & makeup and she may be one of the most thorough professionals I've met in quite some time. It's very hard to find someone skilled in both hair & makeup at such a reasonable price. Thank you, Amelia C!
5	I really can't say enough good things about this company. I planned a Vegas wedding very last minute and was living in San Diego. Needless to say I don't know anyone that lives in Vegas so I trusted yelp a lot for my florist, caterer, and hair/makeup stylists. The reviews on yelp speak for themselves and I'm just going to reaffirm what's already been said in the reviews before me. Do yourself a favor and book their services for your wedding or special event, no trial needed they will do exactly what you want and provided amazing customer service at the same time. If you get your makeup done flash lashes are included which I wasn't aware of until the day of and gladly took advantage of that benefit. Daileny & Amelia were amazing, thank you lovely ladies for making my special day that much more amazing. My makeup didn't sweat off and my hair was amazing and looked EXACTLY like the photo I showed her. If I'm ever in Vegas again I would consider booking them for a nice night out on the town just to feel extra beautiful. Congrats on an amazing business and outstanding employees!
5	Amelia & Co. was truly a fabulous experience from start to finish. Prompt, professional and experts at their craft. My hair and makeup was done by Tyler. He was outstanding! Not only did the look I asked for come together perfectly but he amazed me by how comfortable he made me feel during the process. Tyler took his time and put forth his best effort. I could not have asked for more. I highly recommend Amelia & Co. to anyone looking for a stress free and glamorous hair and makeup appointment for any occasion. My sincerest thanks for going above and beyond my expectations!
5	I had Bianca for make up and Daileny for hair and they were fab!!! Bianca worked her magic n covered my face wax incident! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! fab girls!!! They gave the look I loved n my makeup stayed on alllllll night!!! I have oily skin n Bianca n daileny did a great job!
5	Amelia C & CO is AWESOME. I had the pleasure of Melissa for makeup. She was so wonderful. We had so much fun the couple of hours she was there. My makeup looked amazing, I've never felt so beautiful in my life.  I got so many compliments that day. Someone even stopped me walking through the hotel to compliment my makeup. My bridesmaids, mother and sister in law all had theirs done, and they couldn't say enough good things. Highly recommend!!
5	Amelia was recommended to us for hair and makeup for our 1 year anniversary photo shoot for me and she was fabulous! I have never felt so beautiful in my entire life and I am a retired beauty queen! She was so much fun and felt like I had known her forever by the time she left!
5	Tyler is amazing!!!! Had my makeup done for my wedding and I never felt so pretty! I sent him some looks I liked, and he went above and beyond. The whole process was so easy! Totally will use them again in the future!!!!!
5	Melissa did my hair and make up for my wedding day! She understood exactly what I wanted and everything turned out great! My hair and make up both stayed the whole night I didn't need any touch ups or fixes even though I had cried a little and people were hugging me. I would highly recommend her!
5	I had my bridal makeup and hair done last week by Daileny and Kay and they were amazing!! They made everyone look absolutely stunning. They are seriously talented and so sweet. I would highly recommend them to everyone. Thanks guys!
