4	I was really disappointed when I heard that Sheridan's (the previous custard place to reside at this location) was closing. I was a pretty big fan (and regular customer) of Sheridan's since discovering it a couple of years ago.Upon patronizing Mr. D's, I have to say, though, that I noticed almost no changes / differences. It looked like Sheridan's and tasted almost identical to Sheridan's. And the menu was basically the exact same.Though, to be honest, I suppose I can comment little on the menu as I never stray from ordering a concrete. If you are clueless (and hey, before discovering Sheridan's, I was) as to what a concrete is, it essentially a Blizzard. However, such a description really does it no justice as once you have a good concrete, you will never again be able to stomach a Blizzard or McFlurry or whatever.And the combinations for a concrete are pretty much limitless. There are some provided suggestions with cute names for those without imagination. Personally, I prefer to dream up something new. For example, one combo I tend to come back to every few visits is coconut flavoring, shredded coconut, chocolate chips, and M&Ms. It is totally delicious together. Other times, though, I like to go basic and get just one single mix-in, like Snickers.Beware, though, a concrete made with good custard (like you will find here at Mr. D's) can be extremely filling. I've been known to eat a pint of ice cream in one sitting, but I can often barely finish a concrete from here.Mr. D's is an outdoor / drive-thru place. There is a walk-up window and a few chairs and tables outside (covered), or you can go through the drive-thru. There's no ambiance or anything. No interesting decor and it's essentially in the parking lot of a strip mall. But it is pretty damn good custard. I will keep coming back for the concretes.
3	I visit the area every year and have always made a point of going to Sheridan's.  Maybe you can fool yourself into thinking Mr. D's is as good a Sheridan's if you get one of the tarted up flavors with bells and whistles, but I ordered my favorite (vanilla and oreos) because I don't want too much interefering with the taste of the custard.  It was not the same.  I mean, it wasn't disgusting or anything, but I won't waste the calories next year.
4	Took my little dude here after he had to get a surprise Hep A shot. Needless to say he was P.O.'d at me (who can blame him?) so I thought some ice cream would make it all better and put me back in his good graces. It worked! The lady behind the counter was super cool and even gave my boy thumbs up for being so brave (he barely cried...such a toughie). She brought him a scoop of vanilla custard with a waffle cone (his first cone ever). He wolfed it down the typical way 3 year old boys do (all over his face, down his shirt and around his car seat).I opted for the Mt. Rush s'more concrete made with vanilla custard, hot fudge, marshmallow creme and graham cracker crumbs. So freaking tasty for the few bites I had (I needed to bring home the rest for my other little monkey so she didn't feel left out). Will. always go to Mr. D's for our family special treats.
4	I've tried frozen custard at many places (even the place down the hill that everyone thinks is good) and all I can say is that I'm glad that I live so close to Mr D's. We had been going to Sheridan's since it opened and were worried when it changed, but all of our favorite concretes taste identical to what we got when it was Sheridan's. I've found that there are significant differences between various frozen custard shops. Some taste like ice-milk, I had one in Florida that was like eating frozen flavored water, but Mr D's is creamy, smooth, flavorful and if I could eat it everyday I would.
5	I was recommended this ice cream join by my daughter, since I'm a big blizzard fan at DQ. I can say that I love this place! We had 3 people that ordered a sundae, concrete, brownie thing(can't remember name but it was amazing) It was all great, I will be going there often for my ice cream fix
4	introduced not even a month ago and I'm in love. Dan T. surprised me with a great brownie sundae from here a few weeks ago. he has raved and raved about it, so i was excited he brought it to me. after digging in I had to share some of it with my mom. the thing was huge! like split between 3 or 4 people huge. My family and I drive past it atleast twice a week, but never stop. only talk about stopping. after an afternoon lunch at 5 guys this saturday though my parents stopped. what a great dessert after burgers and fries and much better than any diner i have ever been to. my mom and I shared the mocha almond concrete. what's a concrete? think blizzard but with more to offer. you know how with blizzards you are usually at the end of them, the bottom of the cup, left with no toppings and just basic ice cream? well not here at mister d's, everything was swirled and mixed perfectly. almonds all throughout the little gem. i also love that you can watch the workers though the giant walk up window. they also offer a drive thu.the only thing to beware of here? brain freezes! ;) don't chow down too quickly. enjoy it!
4	Since this place changed ownership the selection has narrowed, that being said the custard is still delicious and the service is good.
4	This place is amazing. I have been here twice this week since the hubby has an injury and he has been craving this place.The girls who work here are super friendly and they are very fast. There is nothing quite like custard. Its so creamy and rich.It really is the best of the best as far as frozen treats go.Im so glad this place stayed good after they switched owners last year.If you like custard come here.
3	When I think custard, I think eggy and dense. Mr. D's taste lighter than the normal perception of this frozen treat, but probably packed in calories. If custard is not thick enough then you can get a concrete which is twice the consistency. With ice cream weather approaching fast, and even if it wasn't, I am always on the hunt for something cold. The shop offers no inside seating, but that didn't bother my friend and I. It was a beautiful 75 degrees and that is warrant to sit on the cushioned ledges they provide.  We got there twenty minutes before they opened, but the lady opened up shop to take our order. We caused some mayhem and created a slew of followers to join us. I am grateful, but feel bad. Be sure to come after 1 o'clock.For a regular custard add blueberries, it cost me a little over three dollars and was more than enough. The custard tastes good, but I cannot tell the difference between what I got and the berry sundae from Costco. I like both, but they are not awe inspiring, or spectacular. My friend got the grasshopper concrete (vanilla custard, mint flavoring, chocolate chips) and barely dented it. I took two bites, but my mouth went dry and tingly. The sugar content must be ridiculous, but we all need a cheat while on a diet.They also offer many old fashioned classics such as banana splits, soda floats, sundaes, and cones.
5	I love their frozen custard! Their two flavors, which are vanilla or chocolate,  is very rich and creamy, just the way you would expect a custard to be. They have tons of toppings from peaches (which are my ultimate favorite) to malt whoppers. You can get the toppings mixed in your custard of choice which is called a concrete. They also serve sundaes which I have never gotten because I always end up getting just a small cup of custard with peaches. OMG it has got to be the best thing I have ever tasted, yes it's much more fattening than frozen yogurt, but you have to try this place before saying "No" because once you try this place you will be craving it everyday. I LOVE IT!
5	Great place for custard!  Coming from the Midwest nothing in the Vegas area seemed that good, except for Mr.D's, highly recommend.
4	My daughter and i come here when we are in Anthem. Ice cream is really good. Only issue is you have to sit outside if you wanna eat it their.
3	Simply put: it's not the same as Sheridan's...  next time I'm in the area, I'm going to try the other frozen custard place on Eastern.
4	my favorite indulgence.  The concretes are delicious.  Love the options and toppings. (although it can get slightly pricey when adding all of the toppings) Every employee I have seen has been very nice.  The other day I went through the drive through with my dog.  The employee working was so nice and chit chatted with me about dogs and then brought out a small doggie sized cone and asked if he could have it.  I really appreciate these little things that bring a smile to my face,  It keeps us coming back!
5	Caramel Shake, PLEASE!Mr. D's Custard does not have much of a difference in taste compared to Ice Cream, I don't taste the eggy-ness, which is a good thing! I'm not a huge fan of the concrete's that they have, which has a thick consistency  and they mix in more sweets to ad some umph, similar to a blizzard.I LOVE the caramel shake. They add milk or something to water it down so that you can slurp it up through a straw. There haven't been too many other custard places that I've been to out here in Vegas and Mr. D's is comparable to Andy's in Chicago that I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.
4	Delicious, smooth and rich!Needs more flavours.
5	I love this place! I just got back and I had the chocolate chip and vanilla ice cream sandwich and it (as usual) was PERFECT! I had these outrageous summer cravings sometimes and that put me into a bliss. Now that it is fall it is still a good choice, I can never say no to it. It bothers me when people order expensive items on the menu and complain about price. I got two items for my boyfriend and I and we paid $5. The workers are high school kids, and I remember working in high school so I'd make sure to tip. They are sweet. Also, once in a blue moon, I like to get the dirt and worms and its really tasty. (:
5	Exzellent Custard. Better than nielsons &lovit Custard.
2	Place can't hold a candle to Luv-it. They must use the word "concrete" very loosely because all i got was soft-serve custard with my two toppins of choc. chips and coconut mixed in blizzard style. Too bad that i could have saved 3 bucks and ordered a scoop of custard with a topping and mix that up by myself. Concretes in the Midwest are packed tight, but no suck luck here. It is also embarrassing that you can't make more than two flavors? Luv-it has those special flavors each day and the vanilla over there is way tastier than in the suburbs. Back to drawing board Mister D.
4	Every single time im craving for a late night dessert. I drive down here to Mr. D's and I would always order the Mount Rushmore (i think).  With that I add extra fudge and cookie dough, One of my favorite desserts!
4	I was in the area and decided I wanted to have a milkshake for lunch instead of actual food. I'm full of great ideas.They have a drive-thru, which is a plus. It took me quite a while to decide what I wanted. The menu is extensive and there are so many flavor combinations I just couldn't make up my mind. Luckily, I was alone in line so I could take my time. I decided on a blackberry milkshake. Service was fast and friendly. The shake was extremely refreshing and lighter tasting than I was expecting. Fruity flavors are the way I usually go and I was completely satisfied with my dessert / lunch choice. I'd definitely be interested in trying a few of their other custard options next time.
4	I don't know if I'm imagining things, but the chocolate flavor seems less chocolately than when this place was called Sheridan's.  I wish it had more chocolate flavor, but I still adore the chocolate concrete with peanut butter and pretzels.  Yum!
5	The chocolate concrete was sinful.
4	I had an almond mocha custard and it was great. The only seating at this location is outside... which is weird. Our ice cream turned to a milkshake quickly. Service was quick and very friendly.
5	The custard was delicious! It tasted like custard, not frozen yogurt. The strawberry shortcake sundae was huge.
5	Fantastic custard!! I thought I liked CJ's on Durango, but this is way better. Next time I'll buy a large container and take it home. Yummy
4	Finally I have found a place west of Mississippi that serves frozen custard!!!I love me a good concrete, and because of that, I ordered two...one with oreo cookies and cookie dough, the other was the dirt one...with guuuummy worms.  Even just a scoop on a cone is tasty.This place rocks!
3	Tonight was my first experience with Mr. D's Frozen Custard and I have to say the custard is pretty delicious.  I ordered the Caramel Pretzel Crunch concrete and it's a great blend of sweet vanilla custard, caramel sauce swirled throughout and crunchy, salty pretzel pieces.The only downside, I feel it's a little expensive for the regular concrete size.  But even with that being said, I feel that I'll be sure to return next time I'm craving a sweet treat.
5	mocha almond concrete is the bomb!!! too bad they didn't have a size 2 x's smaller. the regular size is big enough to share, I think, but if thats all your eating for dinner than go for it! service was Fast, Friendly, Flavorful!!!!
3	Very yummy banana split.  But $8 for a drive through custard treat is really excessive.  Had to pay extra for whipped cream.  Never knew it was such an exotic treat on a banana split you have to pay extra for it.  Sucks that there is no indoor seating.
1	Custard is ok but expensive. Really annoying thing is they always run out of custard every time we go there!  Seriously, how does a custard place "run out" of custard???3rd time in a row this has happened at night. We were already in drive-thru and they made us wait over 10 min for person in front instead of having them pull around so us that didn't order anything could get out of line!!!  Ugh. Frustrating.
5	Extremely yummy! I love their custard so much. I love how you can either sit outside or go through the drive through. I only wish that it wouldn't melt so fast before I can eat it
5	Frozen yogurt, ice cream, and then there's frozen custard...definitely a great alternative and worth every bite!  The flavors to choose from are vanilla and chocolate.  Don't worry cause there are plenty of topping choices.  They have sundaes, concretes, and shakes.  I just got a small vanilla with strawberries since this was my first visit, I wanted to taste the custard and didn't want anything too fancy.  It was delicious!  I'm gonna have to comeback and try one of those concretes cause it surely sounded good.  I guess you can say a concrete is a mixture of toppings with the yogurt of your choice.  The only thing that was disappointing about this place is that is was just a storefront with a walk up window, chairs and tables outside,and a drive thru.  It'd be nice if we were actually able to sit inside and enjoy our treats.  Otherwise, it really satisfied my sweet tooth.
5	Okay, you guys...Exactly WHO has been keeping this secret frozen custard from me?Let's just say, my friends and I shared a regular concrete with cheesecake, strawberries and chocolate chips. A FEW HOURS LATER, we returned and each got our own. That's right. I went twice. In one day. I'm not ashamed. I'm an adult - I do what I want. I rewarded myself with a regular concrete with almonds, strawberries and chocolate chips. I mean, I don't think I can go back to any other ice cream place in Las Vegas! Okay, now -- there's a drive-thru, but why not burn a few extra calories and walk up to the window? It's cool, because if they're serving the custard out of the machine, it's totally cool to watch! Quit going to those other guys, and do yourself a favor. Get over to Mr. D's and get yourself a concrete!
4	We love Mr D's! To all the folks who don't like the walk-up style, I can only offer that this is typical of great shops other places.The vanilla is delicious, if a little lighter tasting than some others we've enjoyed over the years. The service is friendly and fast, and they have pup cones for your furry friends!All in all, this is a great stop on a warm evening!
4	This is a walk-up frozen custard store and it was my bright idea to go yesterday night when it was windy and a bit chilly lol.  But for those warmer, more comfortable days there is some outdoor seating and cushions for you to savor your delicious custard. Or drive through and get it on the go.  The service here is great - very fast and friendly.  The prices are extremely reasonable but seem a little more expensive than Nielson's.  They offer a punch card - 10 concretes or Sundaes and get one free.  They serve concretes (lots of mix-in options), sundaes, and regular cups and cones.  They even have custard for the pupsters!  The vanilla custard didn't seem as creamy as other places I've tried but the portion was good and I enjoyed every bite!  One thing I would have changed was that they served my small vanilla custard in a larger drink cup, so it made the portion seem a lot smaller than it was.  If it were in a small cup I probably wouldn't have finished it.  It's a mental thing... hahaDefinitely a nice place for an enjoyable frozen treat!
5	Love it, there drive through is great. The kids beg to go get ice cream.
5	Ermergerd...CUSTARD! This place is legit. Great frozen custard! Can't say more...going there now.  Mkay bye!
5	Thank god the angel, (I'm assuming Mr. D) of Mr. D's Frozen Custard, took sheridan's over... They still have all the original goodness, so PLEASE people: go here and buy stuff to keep it open!! For instance, try the Dirt & Worms! Awesome! Or for the classic "ice cream" lover, try the sweet pea with classic vanilla custard with fresh banana slices, topped off with amazingly smooth, rich fudge!! Or my Husband's personal favorite, the PB lover's dream, the Mr. Rushmore- very patriotic might I add! Enjoy!
3	We went in honor of National Ice Cream Day. I got a Vanilla Concrete with Andes Mints. The first two bites were great! Really creamy, with some crunch from the mints. But then it got way too sweet and the ratio of Andes Mints to Custard was unacceptable. It was like 65:35! Good custard & my friend enjoyed his custard cookie sandwich, but my experience wasn't the best. My Concrete tasted like an overloaded McFlurry. Will continue to search Vegas for the best ice cream available. More custard, less toppings!!!
1	I Am So Disappointed with this place, I ordered the Vanilla Custard and Wild Cherries. And I Got to Say is Ehhhhh the Cherries were a funky flavor and the Custard was runny it didnt stay together, it separated, I will Not Come Back  here. For my First Time Visiting that Place it Will be the Last. Uggghhh
5	I'm pleading with you, Mr. D -- COME TO LOS ANGELES!This isn't so much a review as it is an open letter to the owners of this magically majestic place of food porn for your mouth. Look you guys, since my last visit, I've developed an obsession with finding frozen custard joints in SoCal that is borderline inappropriate. And guess what? Ain't none! Ffffffffffffail. I know what you're thinking: "LA is too healthy to care about custard. Custard places have come and gone. They have FroYo and shaved ice."WRONG. We have plenty of donut shops, but now everyone's squealing their giggly bits over CRONUTS. Novelty and limited access sells. Also, we like places to look fancy, but feel familiar and welcoming (read, cheap). Your prices fit what we need, Mr. D. Trust and believe. Custard enthusiasts are out there. We crave it. We are disappointed at the thought of anything "low cal" or "tangy" or "self serve."Please, self SWERVE.And don't be mixing my custard with "Italian ice." No, please. Give me the 100% realness!Listen, I've got a mild case of lactose intolerance and I'll deal with it like a boss if I know I get to have a concrete. I also have a few issues with people watching me eat, but you better believe I put that on hold when I stroll up to the window. I know your employees ain't never seen a woman unhinge her jaw and swallow a frozen treat like she lost her damn mind. Nice to meet you, boo. While I'm happy to visit you while in LV, I'd gladly pay you Thursday for a Mr. D's location in Los Angeles right now. Baby, please. LA won't do you dirty. Promise. Maybe this is a love letter, I don't know. Nothing else makes sense. I miss you already, Mr. D.  If you think Mr. D's is just another ice cream joint, you are sorely mistaken. You all need this and you don't even know right now.
5	Love this place. My favorite is the royal turtle. And their ice cream sandwiches are awesome!
5	Been a regular since it was Sheridan's.  Pure simple flavor.  Creamy and smooth.  Ice cream can't carry its water.  Frozen custard is the best!
1	Horrible service and as slow as shit.  Go elsewhere.
5	This place has always been great. I get the strawberry cheese cake concrete. The actually put a piece of cheese cake blended into the concrete. I don't think it's on the menu but A must try for cheese cake or strawberry lovers
2	This place has decent custard (I think Neilsen's is better). Unfortunately, though they're management doesn't seem to care about maintaining hours of operation. The last few times I've tried to go here, they were closed before they're posted close time. Tonight I arrived at 9:30 to find the inside completely dark regardless of the fact that the sign in the window said they were open until 10. Really sad to see this, I probably won't try again when Neilsen's and Freddy's are more reliable.
5	I am obsessed with this place! You can bring your dog and ask them for a puppy cone, and they always accommodate! Their frozen cakes are also super amazing! I wish we had one in reno!!
4	Love this place.  Always make it a point to stop by whenever I visit my parents here in Henderson.  Last time I was here, it was Sheridan's.  So addicted to the Mocha Almond.  Perfect way to beat the weather around these parts.
5	Creamier? Oh, my goodness, you bet!! If you have never tried frozen custard, you NEED to! Not only is the flavor enough to justify a visit, but the menu and walk-up window experience is incredibly charming! Just go and see/taste for yourself! :)
4	The best custard you've ever had. We're regulars there but had a very bad experience with the sales person.  1st she was very rude when we handed her our Amex card. Then she got the order wrong and when we mentioned that we wanted two cones instead of one, she snapped at us, and slammed the window in our face while going to get the cone, so we thought. She returned with still the wrong item, "did"say thank you, but just slammed the window again without even taking our money for the "still :-(wrong" item.  We couldn't even pay her or tell her it wasn't what we ordered.  We were shocked at her attitude and we're afraid to even eat the ice cream for fear she may have spit in it!Wow!!!  Customer service she is not!!!!    Still the "best custard place" and we will continue to indulge at Mr d's despite her very, very, very poor service.....
5	After the vanilla concrete pretzel Carmel I have been in love and having a love affair. The drive thru rocks when you have a baby in the back.
4	I love ice cream.  probably more than 99% of the general population.  i've had my fair share of custards and soft serve ice creams.  i go out of my way to stop by good ice cream shops.  Mr D's is definitely worth the trip.  Luckily for me, it's right around the corner from my house :)Serving sizes are big and prices are very reasonable.  You can get a medium cone for about $3-4, which is fairly cheap for the amount of custard you get.i absolutely love their chocolate custard. not too sweet, with a little after note of salt.  makes it awesome.  highly recommend just plain custard.  i ordered a s'mores concoction and it was way too sweet.  the simple custard should be good.
4	First timer and I was craving something to soothe my sore throat after a quick visit to Vegas. I did the drive through and ordered a chocolate shake. It was good. It wasn't amazing but it was good. Service was fast and the window girl was kind.
