2	I love chicken.....I love chicken wingssss... In Southern California, which is where I am from, I usually have my top places to go for chicken and or wings so I never ended up going to Hooters.So while I was in town for the Arizona Ironman, me and my buddies decided to try out the hooters in arizona.  Yeah...you can see I was concerned about my protein intake before the race LOL...This is not the usual type of food people eat before an endurance event such as the Ironman but hey you only live once right?So we go up the stairs and get seated and we order our drinks and wings.  The wings were kinda big and fatty.  They weren't very good...and all this time I heard that their wings are good...blah!This is the first place I saw the Miller Lime Beer though!  Whats up with that....I'm sure it gets busy with college kids though since it's right by ASU.  But the food wasn't so hot and umm the girls were average as well.
3	I love hooters for the fresh chickens.The wings aren't bad, either!I order mine bone-in, naked, and hot. The wings, that is. If the waitresses didn't have to wear those creepy nylons as part of the uniform, and had bare legs instead, I'd give Hooters 5 stars.
1	Why do people go to Hooters? I've never seen a girl with a decent rack there yet. You would think that would be a requirement of employment given the name of the place, but apparently it isn't. The peanut oil wings make me ill.If you want to have young hot chicks dressed like tarts serve you greasy bar food then head downstairs to the Library or go to The Tilted Kilt (which actually has pretty decent food).
3	The outdoor second-level deck at this Hooters is a surprisingly nice place to sit with a cold beer. There are plenty of TVs, and the girls were attentive but not intentionally overbearing as at other Hooters. The food still sucks though.
2	Creepy manager here....has a lazy eye and is constantly grabbing and slapping the girls asses when they passed by. He insulted my husband for wearing a Chargers jersey....which I know happens in man land..but he is a manager and thought it was outta line.I usually dont complain about the food here because it rarely is special, but my son was served a boneless wing that was frozen, and they were supposed to have a bbq sauce on them and they were just fried. When called the manager over he swore that the wings had sauce on them...it was more than obvious they were sauceless. As for the frozen chicken...he did not even address it. He did not offer new chicken..he just came with the bill...and deducted the wings. He never said another word to us.
4	Only came here one time.  It was halloween. The waitresses were WOW. The wings were greasy and delicious as usual.  Hooters is always one of my favorite's!
3	The location is what pulled us in.  Late night, near the Mission Palms Hotel where else to go. Acually lots of places because this neighborhood has action.  OK,  we're a group of 4.  Thursday night they had any alcoholic beverage for $3.50.  Hope that one continues, it was a real value.  Of course, the wings were good as usual. The waitress was a good sport and posed for pictures for us ding-bat tourists.  I figured she did it for the tip, and she got a good one.  But she was nice when she didn't have to be so accomodating. Give 'em a plus for that. Oh yeah, it's on the second floor.
2	This was actually my first Hooter's experience.  The first time was also the best.  The  waitress did not look like a plastic barbie doll and was really laid back.  She even did some cool hula hoop tricks too.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was delicious and the sides were pretty good.  Unfortunately, it went downhill from there.  The next few times, we got this plastic barbie waitress with dull personality.  She was very flaky and  the food would take a while to come.  I always cringed if she was our waitress, and she was until I left Arizona for good.  I'm sure the establishment has gotten worse over the  years, don't miss it one bit.
4	I had a fun experience here back in January.  I had lost a Superbowl bet and was required to wear a skimpy plaid miniskirt and go-go boots with a shirt that said I bet on the Cards and lost.  I was required to go to Hooter's on Mill and so I went with a friend to get the required photos.  I was not sure how I would be received.  As it turned out, I had nothing to fear.  The staff were warm and welcoming, and absolutely excited over my attire.  I got my photos with no hassle and we decided to hang and drink/eat.  The Coronas were nice and cold and the wings decent (but not fantastic - just decent).  The fun staff more than made up for the 3 star food, though, and many insisted on getting their own photos with me.  Overall, a fun experience, and I will go back here again.
4	Okay, so you go to hooters.  What is it you're expecting?a) good foodb) compelling sceneryc) all of the aboveIf you answered anything but (b), you are deluding yourself.  Hooters has some appallingly bad food.  I mean, it's atrocious.  I have never been to a place where so many menu items are downright offensive.  Burger? dry. tasteless.  Steak sandwich?  *goodyear tires*  tater tots? 2 stars, half of the stars come from the fact that they use movie theatre cheese, which is magnificent.  Fries?  Curly.  Like pubes.  Chicken wings? Breaded.  BREADED?  It's like they're going out of their way to make their food suck ass!Yet I still bequeath them with four stars, and the reason is that I don't go there for the food.  In fact, I try to time my visits to correspond with non-meal times, as in: I eat, then I go there.  Because they have beer, and they have flirtatious staff.  They should be docked three stars for the support-stocking tights they wear, but that's not up to them.So at the tempe location, I have to say that the ladies there have a healthy dose of charisma and charm, and this all in addition to the fact that they are cute.  They sing, they dance, they look at you lasciviously, even though they don't mean it... in short, it's everything you look for in a sports bar.I didn't choose hooters today, because I never do, but I rate restaurants for a)what they attempt to be and b)what everyone should expect out of them and nothing more.  four stars, just not--and I repeat *not*--for the food.
2	This Hooters is nothing special. The location is the best thing about it, followed very distantly by the food, and then the servers. Normally I would NEVER bad mouth the looks of a server, but I reserve the right to with Hooters since they are basically saying in the name "come here to ogle great looking women". I'd say about one out of ten servers is good looking, and one server I had here actually had what looked like a bacterial infection. I really feel bad saying this, but I could be saving someone the energy (I wish someone had done the same for me). The food is slightly better than crap, very bland and overpriced. The prices on beer are absolutely ridiculous. There are much better places to go on Mill Ave...
3	I've never eaten at a Hooters and enjoyed the food... and I've been to several of them over the years, mainly to drink (beer). What makes this Hooters nice is the staff (attractive and friendly) and the outside balcony. Mixed drinks are overpriced and really, really weak, and the wings tend to have very little meat and more skin & fat than wings usually have (and we all know that's the bulk of the damn things anyway). Sandwiches are bland and messy. I had the tater tots, and realized when they came that for the same price, I can order tater tots over at the Tavern and get three times the amount. (Whether one should be eating three times that amount is another story.)
3	Just like every other Hooters, they are a chain you know hahaFood: Still love their wings nonspicy.  I can't handle anymore, yeah I know I'm weaksauce.  Service: Lady was awesome, very nice & courteous.  After dinner we stayed for awhile to chit chat and she was totally fine with us just chilling there... well there wasn't anyone around any table anyways.Atmosphere:  I mean if you're in the area, theres plenty more other places to go but of course it'll be crowded & unsure they'll be serving food at night... i mean real food not snack/bar food.  Not crowded.Parking: BOy will you have trouble.  Same parking as everyone else's trying to get to so they can walk around the popping area.
5	Not a big fan of Hooters normally, but my best friends sister use to work here. So he knows all the girls, and there is nothing bad about getting mobbed by hot hooter chicks coming by your table to say hi, when your eating your chicken salad.Special shout out to our server Danielle L.Thanks for a great start to our night.
3	I had never visited a Hooters until about 4 years ago. Mainly I hadn't been in one because I was turned off by the whole concept of the establishment. I have to give it props however, because this is the place where I tried my very first fried pickle.Their fried pickles are chip cut. I like to get mine extra crispy (meaning they double fry/ batter them).  This was actually suggested to me by one of the waitresses that served me at this location.  They also get props because they serve their fried pickles with a fabulous sauce.  It's a delicious zesty ranch sauce and I hear supposedly it is just hooters hot sauce and ranch dressing.  The ultimate bonus comes in when you hit them up for Happy Hour; then it's only $2.50 for a whole order of them!Overall, I feel as though Hooters is a-ok now. Maybe because they allowed me to discover one of my true loves.In all honesty though, I like this location on a Sunday afternoon outside on the balcony overlooking Mill Ave. Throw back a beer, people watch and stare at the pigeons that often visit (including ones with only 2 toes).
4	I honestly think that I'm like one of the only straight girls in the world who likes this place. I love the sports bar atmosphere and their food is really good. I used to order the take-out wings all the time back in the day.The waitresses are always really nice. I went to a Hooters in California once and our waitress was so rude. You could tell she was a frustrated and annoyed failed actress and was taking it out on her customers. The girls who work at this location are mostly college girls and don't have a bad attitude. The last time I came here was with my family for my little brothers 13th birthday. The waitress was really nice and attentive. When we asked her if the fried pickles were good (since we hadn't been in years) she said, "If you like pickles the fried pickles are good."It was the silliest response ever and she instantly realized it and laughed with us. It was just a pleasant atmosphere in general.They took my brother to the front and made him stand on a chair with balloons stuffed in his shirt while the girls sing him happy birthday. It was really nice of them to go above and beyond the average ice cream with a birthday song. They also gave him a calendar that all the waitresses signed for him.I have this theory that the only people who don't like Hooters are jealous girls and/or men who would rather be at strip club but their wives won't let them go.Could have done without the upstairs location though. I'd imagine after having a few drinks it would suck to get out. (Maybe thats the point!)
1	I ate here for the first time a few weeks ago on a Friday night/Saturday morning after seeing a show at the Tempe Improv.I came in around midnight and the place was not that busy. The waitress was pretty nice (did everything expected for a waitress) and the guy who I thought was the manager was easy to talk to. However, those are the only two good things I can say about the restaurant.I ordered the BBQ wings and they were TERRIBLE. The flavor was very bland and half cold. The blue cheese I ordered was quite watery as well.I also sat by the kitchen and noticed that a guy in the back was washing a stool in a sink near where the food was made. Needless to say, I won't be eating at Hooters anytime soon.
3	Oh Hooters, I hate having to give you three stars but tonight you were only a three star establishment. We came in around 10:15 to meet up with a couple of friends and hang out and chat and eat some food. We were told to seat ourselves. It took about 10 minutes, maybe more, for us to be greeted and when we were it wasn't by a waitress. Our waitress was cute, don't get me wrong, but she had absolutely no personality. Aren't they supposed to sit and flirt and banter with tables? I know I'm a female but there were three strapping young lads next to me and we didn't even get a smile. I'd recommend going to happy hour here. Drafts are $2 and a couple of the appetizers are half off. I don't know if I'd go again if it wasn't happy hour though.
1	I would never go to ANY Hooters every again. I have been to all locations in the valley and my experiences there have always been horrible! Horrible service, management is completely rude. The servers are always talking to a table of young guys while neglecting other tables. Never prebusses the tables so I am forever eating beside empty bowls. Also, every time I order wings they are ALWAYS BLOODY! Talk about gross. The girls are not cute and the food is horrible. I do not recommend any to go there ever. Plenty of other concept restaurants with good food and service. Do not go there!
2	If you go there, go for the Girls, wings and burgers.  The rest of the food is pretty marginal. My pet peeve there is they bring out the sauces in the little vacuum sealed cups that you get at Jack in the Box or McDonald's, (come on this is a restaurant cant they make fresh ranch)??? It is a sports bar to and drink beer and watch sports,chat up the waitresses and watch sports on one of the many TVs.... dont go there expecting much more .
1	I echo everything Richard Z. says about the food. It sucks. It sucks enough that I had a violent reaction to seeing the smarmy-dick CEO on TV the other night. I just got a reminder of how lame their food is two nights before at the Tempe location, and I still mourned the loss of my $20.  How can Hooters get away with basically selling stuff that wouldn't be accepted at a school cafeteria?Well, they have girls in tight outfits. That's how they get away with it. Not that they are attractive. In fact, locally it's only the Tempe location that seems to have a reliable supply of waitresses who don't pad their mustaches down with foundation make-up and don't in some way remind me of my mom. So I applaud Richard on his generosity in giving 4-stars to this gaping wound on the soul of America. But I can't join him in his open-mindedness. And here's why:Hooters is nothing less than a titty-bar for henpecked husbands. Guys who can't go to see actual bare breasts at a gentleman's club for fear of landing in divorce court can indulge their fantasies of what life would have been like for them had the rubber not broken on that date ten years before just by going to Hooters. I can't remember the times I've been dragged to Hooters for lunch by groups of nice, married guys at work who will only refer to it as "that WINGS place" with a smutty grin. This is their little fun indulgence--their minor sin.So I can't agree that Hooters "is what it is" and therefore deserves anything more than one star. It is a pallid imitation of something that we are still too repressed to acknowledge, and the insipid, revolting food makes it a total rip-off.
2	Waitress couldn't get anything right. I love the second floor outdoor seating, everything else was terrible.
2	Our waitress looked like Paris Hilton in that episode of South Park.  She had total post bang hair like she just got ravaged by Ben Rothlisberger in the bathroom.  Her voice sounded like she was on the homestretch of a 48 hour whiskey and marlboro red binge.  At any moment I was expecting her to cough up some unidentifiable liquid onto our table.
4	I personally like this Hooters. Granted, the girls aren't always mind-blowingly hot (although most are good looking), but they are some of the friendliest around. This one is also in a great location for being close to everything in Tempe but parking is an issue and is metered so make sure you have change.For being right next to ASU campus, it isn't the liveliest Hooters I've been to, but it fits the bill and offers nice scenery and edible food.
3	I am not one to turn down Hooters and actually enjoy the classiness of their fine establishments. All kidding aside, I really do love Hooters. For their wings. The only thing I like about this particular one is that it's in the middle of Mill and it's upstairs... I don't know why, but I just like that it's a Hooter's that overlooks the street.The waitresses here seem to be slow in general, as far as taking orders, getting your drinks, etc. I'm not sure why but the few times I've been here I've received the same slow service. Though, once those delicious wings are served to me I have not a care in the world! Unless it's taking too long to get my beer... then we have a problem.
4	Good food... Great environment... Hot servers!The food here is good but not great as can be expected from a hooters. However, this location is in the heart of Mill Street which is the center for social living in ASU and the greater Phoenix area. I enjoy sitting at the tables on the deck of the second level where you can enjoy the scenic view of the mountains and the passers by. This location also has the most attractive servers than any other Hooters Ive been to so that's another plus. You wont be disappointed with your experience here.
2	Average food at best. Wings undercooked and greasy. Onion rings underwhelming. Service poor. Waited 30 minutes when place wasn't busy...  Won't be back...
2	I'm soooooo done with Hooters.  I use to be able to defend them by standing by their food.  But not lately.  The wait staff is always nice, but ordering food seems to be a laborious process and then the quality of the food just outright sucks.There is one redeeming point about this particular Hooters location.  It is right on Mill Avenue and the outdoor seating is a great place.  Good fresh air and excellent vantage point to see the party below as well as the Tempe Skyline.  It reminds me of a western version of Bourbon Street.  Any restaurant on Mill Avenue with a 2nd floor balcony will have this perk - and hopefully better food.
5	Never been to a better Hooters in my life. I am originally from Ft. Lauderdale Florida and have been to just about every Hooters in the area. Not a single one of them compares. Yes one on Ft Lauderdale is on the beach and has a nice view.....of the beach. I'd rather the view at this Hooters. I swear to god every single girl there is sexy and actually lives up to the restaurants name.....Hooters. The food is the same everywhere you go but besides for the chicken wings, why else go to Hooters? Love this Hooters and look forward to wing wednesdays every week. If you havent been I strongly suggest going. Happy Valentines Day!!
4	I usually go here with coworkers every Wednesday (Wingsday) night after work. It is endless wings on Wednesday so you really can't get a better deal. I enjoy going and eating here because they have tons of T.V.'s playing and you can usually catch whatever game you want and ask a server to change a channel for you if you don't have the specific game you want to watch on. The food is good and fairly priced and you are also paying for the experience of eating at a Hooters. If you don't know what I'm talking about when I say "experience" then you have clearly never been to a Hooters. The servers have always been really nice and easy on the eye's, so to speak. I have always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Definitely recommended.
3	Let's start with the food....it's always good. I mean they're not whipping five star cuisine back there, so don't expect that. We're talking about fried and/or grilled eats, simple and cheap. You get what you order. I always get the chicken sandwich. Always good and served with a pickle and some coleslaw. My better half always gets wings and onion rings, fried and crunchy. Never any complaints about the food. Now let's talk service....consistently pretty crappy at least this location. If you're eating hot wings, you might want to order a pitcher of whatever you're drinking. I think my cup was empty more than it was full. Plus, I seem to lose my waiter for twenty minutes at a time. The place wasn't even at max capacity and I could barely get my bill once we were done. Last, but not least the girls.....hottest location in the valley, for sure. Out of all the locations I've visited, which at this point is 3, I do believe, in az, this one has the cutest girls. I have a feeling that ASU being around the corner has something to do with it. lol. The girls are so distracting that it ALMOST made me forget about the crappy service (emphasis on almost). Tip: sit inside for better service.
4	Here is what i love about Hooter's on Mill Ave!First, if the weather permits sit on the balcony. My wife and i love it and that is why we returned on many occasions. Sort of  our spot on Mill i guess? Next, Free Wi-Fi...i very much like that. I know i am on my phone and not paying attention. Nope, we what You Tube and check our Facebook and Twitter. So we have fun.Lastly, the beer! We always get a tall draft of Dos Equis!!! Love it. Food is not my thing there. Not much a fan so its pretty much a liquid diet when we go. But we do like the deep fried pickles. So 4 stars for atmosphere and location from me.
3	It's Hooters.  It's Tempe.  It's Wing Wednesday...all you can eat for $10.  Enough said.
2	The food was good like always but the service was ridiculously slow. The Resturant was dead (not many customers) and our waitress took waaaaay too long to do everything
2	Hooters wings are practically the same everywhere and I have to say that no one can do 'breaded' like they do. I want meh some crispiness and boy, do they cater. Other than that though, this hooters has nothing special about it other than the fact that it is on Mill and convenient when you're balls to the wall drunk.I went on a Wednesday night with a group of friends and the food came out in a reasonable time. When I say reasonable, only if they were waiting in the kitchen for the actual egg to hatch, then wait for the baby chick to grow until it's an adult, de-feather it, and fry it fresh. This is how it felt waiting for our food and by the time the food actually came to the table, all the server AND the manager could keep repeating was 'we're on last call and about to close, do you want anything else?" Well damn son, I just got my food and it's not our fault we had to wait until closing for our food to be ready. A lot of the people I went with had to get up and go to the bar just to ask for water to be refilled because the server was so boggled and non-existent. Plates, drinks, utensils, nothing was ever given when asked even though we asked our server. I asked her for a box 3 times and she acknowledged but never came back once with it. This 'Styrofoam contraption'  was too hard for her to comprehend so I finally had to go searching for one on my own. Two stars for the usual good wings, but nothing else for the non-existent service.
2	It's a hooters... So yea greasy food, cheap beer, tight shirts. Ya dig? Maybe don't bring your girlfriend on the first date. Good place to watch a sports game with pals. Service is friendly, all of the girls are very amicable. Welcome to hooters.
2	I had wait 20 minutes at the bar Just for someone to take my order. then I had to wait about 45 minutes for my order of deep fried pickels. Since I was sitting at the bar I could see the kitchen and the cooks spent most of there time standing around talking for a half hour with out doing a damn thing,
1	I didn't see one attractive hooters girl here with "hooters" just sayin...
1	Horrible service. Girls are annoying and it took an hour to get our check to pay.
1	First time going to this location. Took over an hour to get appetizers. Service was terrible. An hour and 5 minutes for wings and oysters is ridiculous. Plates were dirty, silverware had dried food on it still. Wrote the corporate office and didn't get a response. Great customer service.. Not.
4	5  for the attractiveness of the girls. They had two blackican (black-mexican mixed) girls that were just gorgeous, slim bodies but just crazy pretty. There service was also very good which sometimes goes down the better the girl looks. I'll give the inside of the physical restaraunt a 3-4. I like sitting at the bar but this place had a small bar and with bad tv angles. It's just designed awkwardly. The outside seating may have been better but who the fuck wants to sit ouside in Tempe in the Spring. Besides that, it's hooters, same menu, same quality. I'll go back to just to check out those chicks. Easily the most attractive girls/women I've encountered in my long storied career of Hooter hopping.
5	When we go to Hooters we always order the crab leg. They are awesome. The beers were alway replenished right before they went dry and with so many waitress we did have trouble waving down ours because they are racing around. And several times forgot what she looked like.
1	Everyone knows hooters. I love their wings. I really do. They might be the most delicious wings in the world for me.  The pretty sights don't hurt either. However, this location is really bad. Their draft beer is always flat, always, so just get a bottle and save your self the pain. It always smells like a bathroom. I think their ventilation system is very bad. Most of the time I choose to be seated outside or as far away for the restroom just because of how much I love the food. Sometimes I just turn away.However, the other day, this location hit a new low when I ordered a bottle of beer, and when I got served the beer, the person serving me was holding a mop in one hand and beer on the hand and served me, asking if need anything else. Upon me saying no, went on mopping the floor. Disgusting.I can't go to this place anymore. period. I will find a new location.
3	Hooters is Hooters... so I didn't expect much coming in here. However, our server was very friendly and she pointed out several food specials which saved us a few bucks. Anyway, I come here about once a year just for the buffalo shrimp - which they still butterfly at the downtown Tempe location (much tastier). We also tried the shrimp po boy which was more than enough to feed two.
4	Swirls is the best cook ever!
5	Love this Hooters...always a good crowd and friendly staff!
1	Terrible service, waited 20 mins between wings with waitresses standing around. It is slow there are barely any people here. This is ridiculous!!!! This has happened 4 weeks in a row... I do not recommend coming here if you are hungry. Drive to a different one and in sure you'll get better service.
4	Okay, so the service isn't that great.  And okay the chicken wings are just so-so (I love the breaded 911 wings, so I like the wings, just seems many of my friends don't.  All that squacking aside, you still can't beat the location of Tempe Hooters, or the spirit and energy of the local peeps.  Are the girls the hottest of all Hooters girls no, but you still can't beat the whole thing all put together.  It's a good time.  When you are done, go up one floor to the rooftop and check that out.  Tell em Attorney Steve sent ya!
3	Went in on Wednesday for Wingsday and I do like Hooters and their wings... This location has a ton of young pretty girls and most of them are very niceOur server was great but a bit slowI'm sure some guys don't mind that but I was hungry and a little impatientWe ordered and our food arrived pretty quicklyThe place was getting packed at this timeI ordered a Beer but after going to look for it, she came back and told me they didn't have itOKI ordered a Blue Moon and waited about 15 minutes to get it...We also had to ask for forks and platesOur experience was not bad at all and it's what we pretty much expectedOur server was very nice
1	One of the worst Hooters locations I've ever been to. We came the day of the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl (2012) to watch games and waited 45 minutes (nothing wrong with that, lots of fans in town). Once we were sat it took 15 minutes to get two ice teas and order our burgers. After 30 minutes our burgers were nowhere to be seen and our server hadn't returned to check on us even once. We grabbed another server and ask to check on our meal. She came back with two burgers (which were prepared wrong), dropped them on our table and walked away. They were cold. Literally cold. I walked over to the counter and asked the manager to come by and look at our meal. He was very frustrated. You could tell that he was in a bad position and his staff were sub par, at best. He promised to have new burgers - cooked properly - within five minutes. We were sitting in a small table right in front of the counter and saw them come up within minutes. It took our server 15 minutes to even look for them, hence they were cold again. We showed the manager, asked to leave and he granted it. Hence, after nearly 1:30 we hadn't eaten a bite and went somewhere else. Brutal service and a core group of girls who didn't seem to care, period.
4	I went to wing Wednesday which is all-you-can-eat wings for $12.99and even though they raise the prices it's still really great deal. You can eat as many wings you want to get all the different flavors and have a good time enjoying the atmosphere. The girls are smoking hot! All the types of sauces are awesome! And I had at least 25 wings in one sitting. I would definitely go again just not every Wednesday maybe once a month.
1	Didnt even get to eat. After waiting a few minutes in a dead restaurant to be seated we were sat on the patio and left for 6-7 minutes so I decided we would eat somewhere else. When I was leaving at least three people attentively said goodbye... I normally like their wings but this was not a good experience for me.
1	Good view from the upstairs. Came on a Friday night and it was dead. The Service was below average.
2	Service was crap, manager guy was kind of an asshole, food was expensive and quality was low.
5	I really liked this hooters. i am visiting, and the hooters from my town isn't that great. Hot girls and decent priced beer. I plan to go back before I leave.
4	I see this place has a bad rap, and I'm not quite sure why. I mean, it's Hooters, or bar food served by eye candy. Now I've been to a few Hooters over the years, and if you're going for the eye candy, this is probably one of the better ones. The wings, meh, I wasn't expecting them to be great, but they were okay.I originally sat outside at a table overlooking Mill Avenue, but quickly realized this was not the place to sit if I was expecting speedy service, so I moved to the bar, where that's almost always a guarantee. From that point on, it was a pleasant experience. My server was friendly, but not fake, and the wings, well, you go into a Burger King, don't be expecting In-N-Out quality burgers. In the end, I left full, and didn't regret eating here.
4	They need to start upgrading the size of their wings. Went in several times and ordered their wings but they are so small that it only took a couple bites and we were done.
2	This last trip to hooters just reminds me as to why I never want to come here. We came here because my brother in law came into town and he wanted do the all you can eat wings for $12.99 on Wednesdays. The wings take forrrrrreeeevvveerrr to come out, the first batch we got didn't come out til 30 min later after we ordered, so as soon as we got our first order we decided to place our next order since it takes a lifetime to get. The second batch came out within 15 minutes, but of course they got our orders wrong so we had to wait another 15 minutes for the right ones to come out. During this time we just didn't feel like eating anymore, the food just took wayyyy too long to come out.
4	So we came here the other night for old time's sake. I think I've been to this location more times than any other Hooters anywhere else. Probably because we'd meet here for drinks and food before hitting Mill the rest of the night - sometime ages ago. Mill in my opinion isn't that much a worthwhile destination these days but here we were - Hooters. I decided to shake things up a little and get the hottest wings they had - triple dog dare. When I ordered them the waitress's expression changed. I half expected her to bring a priest to administer last rites or something. But when I actually got the wings - they turned out to be pretty darn wimpy. Even Zipp's wings at just regular "hot" level are more intense than these. Talk about overhyped. My friends already know not to help themselves to MY order of wings because I almost always order the hottest possible. They end up sorry they did. LOL. Not even meant as a nasty trick - that's just the way I like it. So I was disappointed that they were overhyped but they still hit the spot. One friend ordered the boneless wings with buffalo sauce but was very disappointed in his order. Management was very professional and courteous and ended up taking it off his bill. Extra star being added for that. Place is right on the southeast corner of Mill and 5th and has been there forever. Parking is where you find it - metered parking on Mill or some nearby parking structure.
1	OK so my brother and take our clients here sometimes who own construction companies and in the past we had excellent service... Kudos to Ashleh and Erin except on this last occasion during the evening. We brought clients in and one brought his wife and they loved the food and servers EXCEPT the pervert manager justin (I used lower case cause he acted like a a minor who cannot control himself) who kept looking down our "future client's wife's breast" this is ridiculous and to top it off he hit on her! Well this upset the husband and they will never go back to any hooters nor will we and we generate ALOT of business for the owner of this location! FYI if he does this to customers who are married imagine what he does during business hours. If the owner wants to speak to our company he can BUT we will NOT take this review down. I debated about giving it a five star based on the previous servers; however, this manager needs to be reviewed on his conduct and probably more. I have been in business for 20 years and never witnessed this BEHAVIOR to a customer and then in front of the spouse? He is a walking liability.
4	They must have done something different bc we were blown away by great attention to service. For that I give it 4 stars. The food, it's bar food, predictable. Service is the best.  I wish I had remembered our server's name it's not a common name but we did ask for the manager on duty to give her recognition. It's refreshing to feel so welcomed right from the start  followed through with positive attention and follow up for the delays we had with our food and drinks. It cannot be perfect every time but the attention to our time here made it a good experience.
3	2 stars for the quality of food and service. 3rd star is for the eye candy. Fortunately this location has a good talent selection.  Wings came out cold. Beer came out in plastic cups.. Then got warm.  Server had bad timing in coming back around.  In the end it was "ok".
2	Probably the WORST service we've had at Hooters. Server forgot just about every thing. Not too busy, but she was losing it! Still didn't get half our order after about 40 mins... Not impressed with this place today. Been here before and had great service, but today not so much.
