4	Nordstrom Rack is not your typical clothing shop. This is because this is the store where Nordstroms sends things that maybe aren't selling very well or are out of season. So don't come here expecting to find something particular. However they usually have clothing basics, and you can find awesome deals on designer duds if you get lucky. As far as shopping discount goes this place can't be beat!
4	When I stepped into Nordstrom Rack I felt the same way as I did the first time I went to Filene's Basement.  Scared, overwhelmed, excited, lost.  There are just racks of clothes everywhere (no bins though, thank goodness!)  with some organization.  The main difference is that the selection is a LOT nicer and while it does require digging, not a lot.  I'm not a digger.....I hate it actually.  Which is why I can't give 5 stars.  The shoe selection is incredible.  I saw several pairs of shoes that I was eyeing a few months ago for at least half off.  The handbag section looked equally as impressive and you can't beat $40 Lucky jeans for men.  The one thing that I found to be lacking was their dress department....which actually was the whole reason I went in in the first place.
3	I'll tell you what - wandering around this place looking at clothes gave me the feeling that none of this junk was ever sold at Nordstroms. It all looked like rejected lines of clothing. I'm thinking the Rack is to Nordstroms what Old Navy is to the Gap... if I've got that right. I just think it's another branding where they can sell less-attractive or fashionable clothes for seemingly less money. Although, if I were to get a suit - I'd certainly give this place a go because suits are all the same and they have pretty decent prices on nice suits. Dress shirts as well - which also are all the same as far as I'm concerned. For hipper clothes, I don't think this place has much going for it. They have all the name brands you would expect to find, but the lines they carry aren't hip and recent memory tells me most of that stuff hasn't been hip. You can certainly find better bargains at thrift stores and second hand shops and the clothes are about as stylish. Also, having been to Off 5th Avenue at Arizona Mills, I can say that that place has a much more contemporary and 'hip' selection of clothes and at a better price I think. This is just my opinion as a guy - women might have a different experience.
5	I buy all of my work and evening clothes at Nordstrom Rack. Here's why: convenient location (Frank Lloyd Wright/Scottsdale), great selection, and AWESOME prices.They have everything you need at great prices: shoes, suits, dress shirts, ties, casual shirts, jeans, and underclothes. There is a limited selection of watches in the front by the cash registers. The store is organized pretty well and the selection is great. The difference between this place and a Marshall's would be the quality of the products. This is nice stuff.
4	always a decent selection of men's shoes at the scottsdale promenade location - diesel, tsubo, nike and a bunch of high-end brands; even scored a hot pair of prada there once. and usually some decent men's clothing, but you'll have to hunt harder  in the apparel section - which is part of the fun, at least for me.and NO, nordstrom rack is not the same as last chance. not even close. the rack is much more civilized and only a few pair of the shoes have been worn before (and if they have, they've been decently refinished)
4	Love this place for jeans and shoes.  The organization of the rest of the clothes leaves much to be desired but if you have some time to kill and want a hot bargain this is the place to go.
4	I really like this place. However it does suck time like no other place.Somehow evertime you are there for over 2 hrs?I usually try on 60 items to get 1 that fits well, and cry a half dozen times about being fat :(Then I cruise the little kids clothes because the mens clothes are to large for me and the womens are cut weird.One of my boobs is like a 3rd the size of the other so its soo hard to find clothes that dont make me look like a cancer survivor.Anyway, good finds here. Try the clothes on even if it says the size is smaller than you wear. A lot of times it says one size but is really another.My girlfriend bought 200.00 jeans for 20.00 a piece because it said they were a 24 when they were really a 27.P.S. anyone know where to find some dress vests?The womens ones are too short and make me look like I have flowing love handles and the mens vests are to big in the shoulders and ribs.I think I should try maybe a kids vest? thoughts?
4	At worst a Nordstrom's Rack is like a trip to Kosovo in 1993 though with less selection.  At best a Nordstrom's Rack is THIS store.  Clean.  Spacious.  Organized.  Well stocked.  Whenever I'm in Scottsdale this Rack is a must see._C$
4	Love Nordy's.  Love the Nordy's Rack.  Lived here for 2 yrs before I realized AZ had a 'Rack'!  I thought the only discount Nordy's was the horrendous 'Last Chance' store on Camelback.  Ew.So, after a night of fun and wakin up on a couch @ a friend's place in Phx, I take the short trip to Scottsdale to check it out.  Compared to the LBC Rack that I used to frequent back in the day, the Scottsdale version was a lil more cluttered.  The layout reminded me of a geometric puzzle--the entire store was a square box but the way the sections were organized inside were jagged shapes of various sizes (See this link for an example http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1f/Make_a_tangram.svg/585px-Make_a_tangram.svg.png).Despite the oddly shaped layout pertaining mostly to the women's/juniors sections, the store was well-kept with great signage.  I didn't find any potential career pieces but did manage to find an awesome pair of ass huggin Lucky jeans.  For 1/2 price.  And didn't look like they were from my high school days.  That alone made it worth the trip!
4	I love a good bargain I really do !  I love a bargain on great quality  stuff even better.  Sometimes the Rack is  a huge disappointment , no deals,  clothing that doesn't  "hit" me,  and  blahBut not tonight kids!  We had a great time shopping.  Bought several items for cheap , ata fraction of the cost in Nordstroms. It seems to me the best way to shop at The rack is with no agenda.  When we go in looking for a specific item , it's never found. But go in check out the racks and you will find surprises.  Many items will have tags with 30-50%  off the last item markdown. For instance a 140.00 jacket had been marked down several times and with 35% off, I got it for 14.00 bucks.  You just never know!
5	Nordstrom Rack is my go-to spot! I love the Rack! Designer clothing, discounted...retail heaven. I have gotten great deals here on jeans, shoes, and shirts. The Rack is usually well organized and you won't have to worry about clothes being stained or ripped like you might at Ross or Marshall's. I have been to both of the Rack's in the valley, and I like this one the best. They have a great selection, and friendly staff. The line can get a little long on the weekends, but this is definitely a great place to find great pieces to complete your wardrobe!Also, The Rack accepts Nordstrom gift cards, credit cards, and points.
4	This is SO my go to place for shoes! Went yesterday and got the hottest pair of red patent leather peep toe Cole Haan heels. They were originally $275 marked down to $99! Found the perfect pair but they're a bit tight? Purchase your shoes and take them back to the shoe counter- they'll stretch them for you for 24 hours at no charge.The rest of the merch is pretty hit or miss. I sometimes find great bargains on handbags and jewelry but the makeup and bath items tend not to be priced very well (pretty average, not really "outlet pricing" on those items). You never know what you will find for clothes, sometimes things seem picked through, but once in a while you can really find a designer bargain. Highly recommended!
5	Nordstrom's rack, oh how I love thee! As a budget and fashion conscious mommy of 5 little shopping protege's, this store allows me to fill my closet with all I desire, and not bust my bank account. I love my jeans, and the Rack is one of the only places with a fantastic selection of Seven for all Mankind, with prices between $70-$100, a far cry from Saks $225+. I scored a $210 Michael Stars dress for $29.97,  and at the same price, a great comfy pair of Sofft wedge heal sandals. Lots of cute kids tees by Trunk, Junk Food, etc, all at rock bottom prices, even found some BCBG items that were well over 50% off, and they are items that can all currently be found at the BCBG boutique at Kierland. My bohemian side adores the racks of Free People they get in on a regular basis, and the little girls Flowers by Zoe. if you're in the mood to dig, and want some looks for decent prices, check it out. Granted, the prices aren't as cheap as TJ Maxx, but I far prefer the variety at the Rack.
4	Nordstrom Rack...I heart thee!  Seriously, i'm not a fan of discount stores but how can I not buy designer jeans for $70.00 and cute plastic belts that were originally $75 for $30.  This place was super busy for a Friday!  I don't blame them...I would play sick as well to go shopping and get some really good deals.  Just be prepared to wait in a long line to make your purchase and dig through piles of clothing to find your size.  If you are willing to do both, then this is your place to shop.
3	"Hi, I from Minsk, you know Diesel Jean?"  Every time I step foot in this store I hear some variation of that.  Okay, so you're saying, wow, this reviewer is a jaded you know what, and sure, I might be, but I also like wearing distinctly fashionable items as opposed to the sought-after Euro-fantastic-fresh-off-the-boat threads that are up for grabs at this place.  Seriously, let's be honest here and put all the cards on the table:  the store is, at least for menswear,  purely hit or miss.  Sometimes you'll hit harder than the Lucky Lindy machine at the Bellagio, but then other times it will be like the latest and greatest from Sarajevo.  (No offense to Sarajevo, of course.)  So, all I am saying is take this place for what it is--a discount store that may, occasionally, have what you're looking for.  On a side note, if you do happen to wear something more than jeans and t-shirts or bathing suits for a living, then the suits, shirts, and ties are worth taking a close, hard look at.  Either that, or there's Sears.
4	If you have the patience to look through racks and racks of crap for that ONE SPECIAL ________, this place is for you.  A lot of their clothes suck, especially for "designer" duds, but once in a while you can find an awesome deal (like an originally $300 Michael Kors coat marked down to $65!)... I love looking through their shoes though.  Lots of big name, sexy heels for cheap cheap cheap! All in all, worth it if you have some time to kill.
4	True, the place can be a HUGE mess.If you are ok with shoes that may have been worn & then returned, you can get a great bargain.ONE THING: they have periodic days when they open a special room for designer handbags. When the store opens, you must que up to get a raffle ticket. Then your ticket # will be called within the course of the morning. Then you get into another line. I was there and still missed the opportunity because I didn't know the existance of the raffle and staff did not announce the raffle audibly. However, the staff did enforce the "no stampede" rules- otherwise you'll be kicked out for running. Its an adventure.
3	Meh. Deals here are alright. You're not going to find a killer sale or an awesome Gucci purse for 40 bucks. Nordstrom Rack, like all stores has it's strengths and it's weaknesses. What I've found great about the Rack are it's selection of men's jeans. If you're going out to a party in a few hours and don't have the perfect pair of jeans, guaranteed you'll find a pair of True's or 7's for 50% off the original price. Shoes are good here too, as are sunglasses. Oh man, but if you're looking for any type of shirt GOOD LUCK. All the tops here are atrocious, it's like going to Ross. But yeah, you won't find amazing discounts here, but if you're looking to save a few bucks then go find yourself something nice.Oh, and in agreement with Brian S, this place is packed with douchebags. They judge you with dirty looks and smirks, and rip their iPhones and flaunt them around. Give me a break. That's so typically North Scottsdale.
5	As a regular shopper of Last Chance, I must equally love The Rack. I am a cheap shopper, so Last Chance has the lower prices, but like I have said before, the product can be a bit beaten up. At The Rack it is a much more relaxed environment, way more organized, and the staff is so much more help full. I usually like to shop for shirts, dresses and jackets here. They also have a great selection of shoes, underwear, and pants, all a bit out of my price range though. Last week I found the greatest find! I found the best pea coat ever! It is black with double buttons and a belt, not too long and it has pockets in the perfect place. The best part, it was originally $160, their price was $59.95 AND all their wool coats we 25% off. Score! Now I will be warm in this Arizona winter. Haha Check them out. The parking lot can be crazy this time of year, but what parking lot isn't. There is a rumor that Santa is stationed right outside the store as well. :-)
4	Nordies Rack should definitely be the first stop on your list. It makes sense to graze through here first, before paying full price for the same thing somewhere else. The selection is good. It does vary though. So you can go here one weekend and find a grand selection of good, then come back the next weekend and find nothing. But I guess that is the case with most places, Ross and TJ Maxx included. Rock and Republic/True Religion Jeans for 100 bucks, Naughty Monkey Sandals for 35 bucks, shirts, shoes, and couture. Speaking of couture...check out the designated, hidden area. Packed full with Dior, Chanel, Versace and so on. It is always lovely to dream.I doubt that no matter how much money you have in the bank, that you would want to pass on saving a couple hundred bucks. After all, I think that is what makes shopping fun.
4	Pretty much at the top of my list when I go to buy something for myself. I am obsessed with their shoe and denim selections. I've found some pretty awesome dresses here as well for special occasions and nights out. One does need to put aside a good chunk of time to sift through the merchandise, probably a good chunk of money as well - yes the discounts are good, but there's so much good stuff it's hard to leave without a lot.I love it here :)
4	For those of us who like good clothing but aren't willing to debase ourselves at Last Chance.
2	Been here several times and each time, I still feel like the prices are still too high.  Each time I browse the store and leaving, empty handed.When I am buying something "Nordstrom", I want the service and the environment that is associated with this brand.I wait for the semi and annual sales at Nordstrom (without the Rack) and I get the superior service Nordstrom is known for, in a gorgeous setting and still pay about the same amount of money.  To me, that's money better spent.
5	I love this place!I love how clean and organized the store is.  Normally stores like this are a complete mess and I feel like I'm browsing through someone's messy closet.The quality of clothing is still great with prices that are more affordable.There are a ton of styles to choose from and they constantly get new merchandise in.Love it!
3	Chandler Location. The dressing room attendants are quite pissy! Otherwise, It's ok. Some of their clothes are so super duper UGLY and I wonder who would ever buy such an awful garment! Just be prepared to do a lot of flipping through racks If you want to fine something cute.
5	This store is a disease! Its taken over my closet, and I love it!Fairly discounted prices on designer products (clothing, shoes, accessories, even shampoo!)
2	Not a Rack I will frequent. Too sloppy, not easy to find what you want and looks like they have the "runt of the litter" stuff here. Really disappointed. Been to 10 or so other Rack's in other cities and this was by far the one of least interest for me. Hope they shape up.
4	Pretty good place to get deals on quality merchandise.  I like to buy my dress shirts for work here.
4	I have been coming to this store for a few years now, but lately it seems I am only buying shoes for the twins.  They have great shoes for boys and girls.  I ended up buying 2 pairs for my little boy and 3 for my little girl, after all a girl needs more shoes.
4	Smaller than the Chandler location, but definitely a great place to find bargains. Come here prepared to do a bit of digging (especially in the shoe section) and expect to wait in line.
3	I loved the Rack in NYC and wanted to love the Rack in Scottsdale. I find it hard to love but I do like it a lot. I have found some great deals here: Jimmy Choo's for $150 and Helmut Lang dress for $35. However, all of these are despite the majority of the employees. Many, but not all, of the employees that work at this site, do not know the designer lines that they carry. I have asked several employees if they carry LAMB and were given responses such as, "Is that a brand" and "I've never even heard of that before." It was not until I was in the Rack in Chandler that the floor manager told me that I was told incorrect information and that if any of the Rack's in the area carried this brand it would be the Scottsdale one.Overall, however, because of the deep deals that I can get here on clothes that I love, I'll give 3 stars. If there were in increase in employee knowledge it could eventually earn 5.
4	Eerily similar to how I imagine Hell to look like. I only came because my wife + sisters needed a ride and I chauffeured. My own anti-shopping convictions aside, Nordstrom Rack was clearly very good at its job! They had tons of brand-name apparel and accessories at steep discounts. The store was well laid out and the service good. I ended up buying a few things just because the bargains were so good compared to traditional box retailers.If I have daughters someday, I will definitely send them here. Guys, if you're shopping with your significant other here, I wish you luck.
4	Every couple of months I find myself here, usually when I want me time, meandering the racks of The Rack.  And every time I walk out with bag/s full of stuff I don't need, but love!This is definitely one of my go to stores for clothes.  They carry some of my favorite brands at deeply discounted prices.  Hudson (is it me or is that denim magical? Puts the licious in booty!), Calvin Klein, Kische, and last but not least they carry Betsy Johnson undergarments.  (Sorry Victoria, but I think Betsy's secret might be better than yours) I get everything for at least 60-70% off of regular retail so I look like a million bucks for only $400k.  Not bad! I think the shoe department leaves something to be desired, I'd rather scour clearance in Macy's shoe dept.  Also they could try to hire some classier employees, but I'm pretty sure you get what you pay for. Overall though I'm a fan, and I'm sure will "accidentally" wander in here many many more times in the future.
4	The last thing (and only) thing I bought at this location was shampoo (and it was a great deal, about 70% off).  Unlike its Chandler twin, this location focuses more on higher-end couture items.  This is great and deals are definitely present, however, I miss the ability to snag a pair of shoes for  under $30.  The store is often busy and it's difficult to search the over-stuffed racks.  I'm totally a fan though-- I live a mile away and find it easier to pop into this store than the Nordy's in Fashion Square.  Here's a tip:  go here when you are in a patient mood with time to blow.  There's lots to look/dig through here!
4	Back in my original home of Virginia Beach, VA we don't have Nordstroms Rack.  We have Ross, TJ Maxx and Marshalls which are hit or miss for decent fashionable clothing.I went to my first Nordstroms Rack in Los Angeles, CA years ago and I was stunned at the deals I could get on Nike, Penguin and Ben Sherman.This is my go to place for work and casual clothing.  I also pick up shoes and socks here.You really can't go wrong.
3	The Rack in Scottsdale, has a great selection of brand names for an affordable price.  The only thing is that the staff is not friendly or helpful.
2	Yay... for a change what I think about a particular establishment seems to be in the majority... so to keep my review "brief", I will basically say that what all the other reviewers have written is exactly right... for what is essentially a "outlet" store, the prices are crazy high. Selection usually tends to be less than stellar. One thing that does keep me coming back to Nordstrom Rack is the shoes! They have a great selection of quality shoes, at reasonable prices. I much rather take my chances at Ross or Marshall's (both right down the street).
4	A shoe lover's paradise! I cannot believe the amount of shoes they have here, even sneakers.  In some sizes the sneakers had to be stacked on top of each other!  Lots of boots on clearance since the summer is coming.  I liked the setup of the store and that there weren't many people there.  I didn't get a chance to look at the clothes because I was there strictly for shoes, but I'll definitely be back!
3	Hit or miss. They carry great designer brands, large shoe sizes, large selection of women's denim, but my only complaint is I rarely can find a top or blouse that suits me. I also like that there are plenty of fitting rooms with friendly attendants.
4	Nordstrom Rack: shop much much cheaper, still wear nice stuff. The shoe section is the best part. I have found so many great pairs of shoes here, for so much less than you'd pay even at other outlets or discount places. If you have the Nordstrom credit card, the rewards are certificates you can use online OR more importantly, at the Rack, which means you can get great stuff even cheaper or free. I've bought a few things that didn't work out from here, like a leather jacket that looked awesome but the lining is so insanely uncomfortable I ended up never wearing it, but I only spent $25 on it to start, so it's not the disappointment a $300 jacket would be. A couple of sundresses last year on the other hand turned out to be staples of my summer wardrobe and cost me less than $30 combined. I bought a gorgeous corderoy jacket that was missing a button and had been marked down even further. Sewing a button on is easy, folks! The salesgirl even commented on what a great deal the coat was.
3	I don't get to come here often because I live across town but I like it well enough.  The Rack is a nice middle ground to Nordstroms proper and Last Chance hell.  In this review I really don't have too much to say.  It's a store with sometimes great deals; if you have the time to look. Not worth a planned trip per se but good enough to stop by if you are close.
4	I seriously love this store. I wish I didn't live so close because I always find myself here without even realizing it. I can always find something here that is awesome. I pretty much never leave empty-handed. They have some really great deals and prices on clothes, shoes, accesories and purses.Their high end stuff is still kind of ridiculous though. But that could just be my broke-ass opinion.
4	A touch more picked over than some of the Racks I've been to, but with a far more spring/summer slant befitting the Arizona climate.  Picked up a new briefcase for 75% off, a new pair of running shoes for 66% off, a few shirts, and was sorely tempted by a few ties and a number of cufflinks.Particularly helpful considering the movers have not yet delivered my belongings from Ohio, but no doubt I'll be back frequently as I begin adjusting my wardrobe to life in the valley.
4	All I need to say is Cole Haan shoes for $9.99. Oh yes I dih-id!
4	I love this store! It's like the Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale (which just ended) all year round!Okay, so yes, some designer brands are still going to cost you $200+ (oh Frye boots, why do you have to be on this list), BUT if you compare to the plain ole Nordstrom's price, you are still getting an amazing deal, plus the items at this location are in great shape. If you want cheaper name brand items, go to the sister store, Last Chance, and have fun fighting the crowds and sorting out the items that have been worn for a year before they were returned with a hole/tear/snag/stain in the fabric. Also, unlike LC, Nordstroms Rack has nice and clean individual dressing rooms.This location has tons of items and it will take a little bit of time to browse through because the racks are often over stuffed (but who doesn't love voluptuous racks), but the store is still very organized. Look at it in a positive note, its just more opportunity for you time find your long lost shift/dress/jeans you didn't know you were searching for. Great selection of shoes, sunglasses, purses, jewelry, and of course, clothing!
5	love love love...this store is where to go to be dressed in the latest fashions and name brands.  Sometimes it is chaotic and picked over but by far has the best selections and really great staff.  Always good inventory.  This is a must go, on everything name brand !!!
3	Just Okay!! Some good bargains here and there but nothing to go crazy for!! A little run down I would say, just saying.
5	Review #300!! I don't usually review chain stores but I found a great pair of Marc by Marc Jacobs sunglasses here for $35 and my boyfriend found a pair of $85 sunglasses for basically free. Good Rack location
4	It has a good selection of stuff, but I hate digging for stuff. So only come once In a blue moon.
4	Love this place even more than before.  Best NR in Phoenix area (Been to the ones in Chandler and Phoenix proper).  Helpful staff, lots of clearance and lots of bras and shoes in my size.  Parking is not incredibly desirable as this is a popular shopping area.  I just signed up for the Nordstrom Debit Card which links to your checking account so that you can earn points towards rewards.  They even went back into my account to make sure I got credit for the points I previously earned before signing up.  I love the employees that walk around the store who you can use to check out.  Incredible solution to unnecessarily long holiday lines!
5	best place to buy shoes
5	Love Nordstrom rack. Good prices and good quality products. Great organization/selection.
3	Decent selection of designer stuff though some of it still seems overpriced, you need to have some time to go through some of the clothing racks.  Parking access is alright but sometimes limited since it is in the corner of the shopping plaza.  They offer paperless receipts which I love, eliminates some of the millions that float around in my purse.  Also if you need to return stuff they can look it up w the credit card you used.  Only once had slight resistance and attitude from a cashier for doing a return this way but mostly the staff is friendly.  Expect to wait a while in the checkout line on the weekends.
4	My wife and I really like this place.  Lots of great bargains on higher end merchandise, clothing and shoes.  It's kind of hit and miss depending on the season and their fast moving inventory. Not always a wide range of sizes and colors.  The people who work here are very friendly and helpful.   They also instituted a great remote check out service which eliminates the need to stand and wait in a long line.   This store is located in a really good shopping center with lots of other great stores and restaurants.  Returns and exchanges have always been easy and quick.
4	Employees are always nice and smiling. Store changes it's layout quite a lot which is annoying because one day you could walk in here and the whole store could be flipped around and you not know where anything is. Dressing rooms are always clean but the lines get pretty long on the weekends. The shoe selection is great and so is the clothing section. Lines for the registers get really long on the weekends so if you don't want to wait in a long line I recommend going on a weekday. The prices have gone up quite a bit which is why i'm bot giving this place a 5 out of 5.
4	What is not to love about this store.  Great finds if you are willing to dig.  I just hate the lines you have to wait in to check out.
3	Great prices on suits and suit jackets.  Love the $100 in tailoring for using the Nordstrom card.  There is nothing else in the store I would buy.  The "discount" pricing is still just too high for my taste for what you get.  They don't have any non-iron shirts.  I get everything else at Ross/Marshalls/TJ and shirts at Mens Wearhouse.  But for suit jackets.....winner!
4	The deals in this place are always unreal, I've always been a huge fan of Nordstrom Rack! I like to get some of my expensive hairspray from here because it comes cheaper! Always take a look at the accessories, they run way way cheaper than retail. When I need high end clothes and accessories, I always turn to Nordstrom Rack :)
4	Actually a pretty good Nordstrom rack, its always organized which i appreciate when going into this type of store... The deals on the shoes and business casual attire is what keeps me coming into this place. A must see for clothing and shoes!The employees actually work all off of iphones, so you can process transactions just about anywhere in the store.....prettyyyyy cooool.
4	Love this nordstrom rack. It's obviously higher end and provides great brands for both men and women. Abundance of shoe sizes except for fives which is what I am. No surprise there.. Good designer itemsTom fordBurberry PradaYves saint LaurentSalvatore ferragamo Donna KarenTruesSevens Rock and republicChanelMarc Jacobs Etc etcIt's an abundance of clothes. I love fabric and prints. When I'm in here I feel like I'm hunting for my next treasure.Found a semi designer shirt here for 1 dollar. Can't beat that. And of course a bunch of other amazing items at a discounted price. Scottsdale az doesn't have much eclectic features but it sure does carry luxury and designer like it's the newer fashion capital.
3	If you're looking for some knocked down prices, I would recommend coming to nordstroms rack. With great deals on designer items as well as what's left over at nordstroms, this is a great bargin shopping price. The lines are long to checkout of but overall, it's a good place to get some great sales on shoes and clothes.
4	Any time I'm in Scottsdale, I always make a trip to Nordstrom Rack.  Generally the store is well-organized, with a range of designers and sizes.  I think if I lived there...well a) I would probably be broke from shopping there so much...but b) I would be able to better plan my visits for when their selection is not so picked over.My last visit was right before Christmas, and the store was a gong show.  I didn't find very good items, limited size selection and it was pretty messy the day I visited.  This was the only time I've left empty-handed.  On past visits, I have gotten great deals on designer items like Paige jeans, Tory Burch clothes and shoes, even work wear from Elie Tahari, Hugo Boss and Michael Kors.  It is definitely worth a visit, and be prepared to bargain-hunt!
1	As much as I Love Nordstrom Rack, this specific place was one of the WORST I've been too. Shoes are unorganized, messy, clothes racks didn't really call my attention to look through. And the most important part, the cashier Guyla that helped with my purchase was NOT friendly at all, she didn't even look at me through the whole transaction.I work with customers, and to me this the Worst customer service I've ever experience.Never to go again, besides the other stores I normally go to, are way more organized, and friendlier than this one!
5	Love the rack and frequently visit!
4	This is my favorite Nordstrom Rack and I'm so happy it opened! Everything is so clean and organized. It's obvious that the staff takes good care of the store and I have never been there when one item has been out of place. It's easy to browse the racks of clothes, shoes, accessories and other products. They also have a great selection of trendy products! I never feel that the store has out-of-date products. Rather, they have items that could have been at Nordstrom a month ago! I'm very happy with this location and they have products of all prices. It's a great place to find a gift for a birthday, baby shower or friend. It's also a great place to find shoes and clothes!
4	Nordstrom Rack is always a cool place to go. You can find things that you saw at Nordstroms not too long ago for a great price.Men.s clothes, shoes, belts, and other rick rack is always fun to scout out here for.  This store is clean,and neat,and well put together.You can use your Nordstrom Credit Card here as well.When you shop here with your Nordstrom card you are also racking up your points to get your Nordstrom Notes. We all know that those are a major plus as well.Give it a go. Come on down and give it the once over.You will be glad you did. Even the ladies love this place, can you believe that! Hehee
4	You gotta love the Rack!  How can you not love this place?  You're getting quality retail merchandise at a discounted price!  This is the place I go for shoes and jeans.  You can't beat the cost for some of the name brand stuff they provide here.  I always end up spending more than I intended to, but at least their return policy isn't too strict.  I believe you have 30 days to return an item just in case you have buyers remorse.  If you're looking for good name brand clothing this is your place.  Don't go to Ross or TJ MAXX, they don't stand up to the service or quality that Nordstrom Rack has.  I didn't give it 5 stars only because the place was a bit messy.  I understand people shuffle clothes around, but they should spend more time refolding clothes to make the store more presentable.
1	As much as I like to shop at Nordstrom Rack I am very disappointed with the misrepresentation or there credit card. I was told I would receive $20 on my first purchase and $100 worth of alterations. None of this is true. Turns out you get coupons that are like cash. That's fine but that is not how it was explained to me. My $108 purchase cost me $148 after alterations that they make you pay for and then send you credits. However I never got the credits because I canceled the credit card. Way to go Nordstrom Rack. I will never step foot in another as long as I live.
3	Two words: absolute mess. The sunglasses were disgusting, my cart kept getting stuck on clothes on the floor, sizes were all over the place...someone needs to get control of this store. I found a shoe I REALLY wanted and they could not find the other shoe. I filled out a form to have them call me when they found it. No call. I spent less money due to their disorganization. Beyond that, great brand selection, designer brands left and right. Make sure to set aside some to sift through the racks.
4	Not the biggest Nordstrom Rack that I have ever shopped at but they had some really nice gems buried here and there. It was a pleasant surprise to find a lot of items that were actually in a Nordstrom store at some point in time rather than the direct to Rack merchandise. I was able to pick up some Tory Burch flats for about 35% off retail and some Jonathan Adler giftware for 60% off. The store was fairly tidy and the staff were pleasant so I will be back.
3	Very lacking store.The whole store was messy & disorganized. It almost reminded me of Last Chance . Almost too hectic to shop through. Cashier was purposely making customers wait  and playing mind games.. Very odd. Highly suggest Tempe market location ! They are a refreshing up beat store with great merchandise.
4	It was my first time coming here and I was pretty impressed. Everything is a bit messy, but it doesn't bother me too much. I was very lucky and was able to snag some amazing deals including a Kate spade wallet (was around $70 something), a really nice pair of uggs loafers (around $90), Marc Jacobs wallet (probably a bit more than $100) and (I was really shocked when I saw these) Dior sunglasses! All for less than $400 dollars. I will be coming back.
