5	Spanish fly opened where the old Drift was, and I gotta say that the minute you walk in you feel like you are on vacation. The palm trees, the colorful mosaic tiles, fruity cocktails and pool area complete with a water fall take you away from  your day to day routine. There are a few tables set up, as well as ample seating in the bar areas, and lets not forget the cabanas! My friends and I received great customer service from the bartenders, and when we moved over to check out the pool area the servers were just as attentive. The menu provided an array of cocktails that were both tempting and seemingly refreshing, as well as a variety of food items. Im sure this place will be busy for the summer pool party season.
4	Very much liked the experience here and what a great alternative to the resort pools.  Good music and good bartenders.  Scene is a bit young and Affliction/tap-out prone but not sure what else one would expect!  Still a great time.
4	Let me start off by saying that this is an awesome bar! When I heard Drift was changing into a bar with a pool, I was wondering if maybe it was a little much. After finally braving the line, you get into the bar and have to sign a waiver. The line was pretty insane even though we got there at 10:30pm. Next time I'm definitely going earlier or during the day. It took the normal scottsdale amount of time to get drinks.I'm looking forward to going here a lot more :D
3	Nicely designed bar, but do not go if you despise the jersey shore. Lots of people trying to show off their mediocre bodies by the pool. However, the dj was good on a Saturday afternoon. The shrimp tacos are just ok. My Dos Equis was $8. Terrible. Just terrible price. Go if you don't give a f*@&.
4	I really liked this place.The drinks (they have lo cal drinks for us ladies counting calories), the foods (some sushi rolls, tacos, etc), and the atmosphere were excellent!I did hope that the pool would be open at nighttime, so I could see some drunken pool antics, but it closes at 6pm.  Will be back many times I'm sure...
3	Was drug in here against my will last Thursday! I will admit the place looks awesome at night. Unfortunately, there was a photo shoot going on (for Maxim Mag) and the douche factor was unusually high. I'll come back on a weeknight or day-drinking on a weekend and see if my attitude improves.I hear this is the ultimate for day-drinking and people watching.
1	Went there recently. Bar service was slow. Food was excellent. Had the Turkey, Swiss, and Mushroom sandwich and La Palloma Margarita. I live in the area, work in the same industry.During the course of my visit there, There was a hockey game on (Canucks vs. Predators) Of all the 40 T.V's there, there were only 2 T.V's that had this game on. (Granted hockey isn't big in AZ) 3 mins left in the third period, they changed it to a DBacks game... WHA??? At this point EVERY T.V. had on a basketball, or the diamondbacks game on... I asked why they changed it, and the bartender said, "They are watching it down there." (pointing to a couple opposite end who got there after me.) So, Stanley cup playoffs is less important than a beginning of the season baseball game? HA!I brought a lot of friends, and some family. I was taking care of the bartenders with great tips all night long, and that was my thanks?I moved to another bar inside, where there was no bartender, away from my sister, brother in law, room-mate, his girlfriend, my best friend from high school, and some buddies in town to finish this game that now was pushed into overtime. (which i obviously missed.) I expressed my concerns and how I wasn't feeling welcome anymore. No one really cared, except for one bartender Jenna. she was cool about it. Fixed the situation and helped as much as she could. As I was getting settled in to the bar opposite of everything, the bartender from the other bar that I was at moments prior, came by and handed me my second drink without me even asking for one. I thought, cool, they know they messed up, a free drink? Sure it's not a big deal. After she handed it to me she asked, "Want this on a tab or still pay cash?"Seriously?I'll take my family, friends, and our money somewhere else. And we did.
4	The Spanish Fly is where I ended Cinco de Mayo.  After margaritas and tequila at Aunt Chilades, where Charlie Sheen failed to show, it was decided we would go join the party at the Spanish Fly.  Good idea!I had some Austrian guests in town.  They, in addition to myself, had a great time.  We were showered with friends, tequila and dollar bills.  Dollar bill explaination:  Several dollar bills mysteriously ended up the pool (where you unfortunately can't go after sunset). They were fished out by everyone.  I will definitely be going back to that place during daylight hours to swim when it's allowed.  I don't remember spending too much on drinks, the crowd was nice and I enjoyed walking around the place.Hot spot to stay cool!
4	Really hip hangout. I went at night though, and I imagine it would make a nice daytime chill place during summer. I met up with a friend who had a cabana rented, which was cool but it's ideal for a small group; pretty cool that there's a tv in there! Our mexican food appetizers were tasty. The gals working are cute and friendly.
4	Spanish Fly is finally open! The set up is beautiful and welcoming. Love the day beds and cabanas with Tvs.I didnt try any of the Mexican food but did order a roll that was delicious and served promptly.One of the bathrooms didnt have mirrors which I dont like but were clean.The drinks are a little over priced and the crowd wasnt my style. Loved the place, wouldnt go in the pool or go to at night but def a fun place to chill have a couple drinks poolside.
2	You do realize that this isn't the pool at Mandalay? And you realize, on Monday, you will have to go back to the cash register and US Magazine? And really, you thought it would be a good idea to get a tattoo of your dog on your shoulder?...next to the tribal swirl? All questions I didn't ask, but did wonder, while at Spanish Fly. If you want to hang out at or near a pool with Scottsdale's "finest", well this is the place. It is presently Exhibit A. Of course, at night, stay out of that pool! No, I am serious, they will physically take you out if need be. But, during the day, you and dog tattoo boy can hang out in the water all day. The service is friendly, well minus the typical Scottsdale door people, who generally fail, as always, to remember that they are not working the new hot club in LA or NYC (come on people, South Park makes fun of Scottsdale!!). Oddly, at night (because of the pool I presume), you need to sign a waiver...I will leave it aside as to whether that waiver would ever hold up in court. The drinks run the norm, but I've never had the food, however I did see someone carrying out sushi rolls to a table in the 100 degree heat...ummm, no thanks. The DJs...ehhh, the usual, but better than Drift. If you want to see 20 somethings in bikinis, a few cougars on the prowl, high rise baseball hats, shorts and high tops, and really bad tattoos...plus catch some water and sun, this is a good spot. It is worth a 30 minute show if there is no cover, but it is hard to swallow as an afternoon hang out, and I would never pay to get in.
4	Id like to start of this review by saying I am a Vegas local and attend pool parties in Vegaswhenever I get the chance. I absolutely loved this place, I cant tell you enough. No lines, No cover (not that I've ever paid one), Decent Music, and really freaking BEAUTIFUL people. The water was clear which is more then nice if you have ever gone to Rehab at the Hard Rock. The Cabanas looked cozy and comfortable, and the drinks were good. My favorite part about my time there was people watching, everyone there was looking there best but I couldn't believe how everyone has tattoos, most of them not even artful or nice looking. The amount of hearts, stars and tribal designs was a bit overwhelming. Overall I had a great time, but hey, that could have just been the company.
2	The idea of a bar with a pool is a great idea. However Spanish Fly could do better.  I've been to this location twice, during the day and a night visit.  I was not impressed.  At night no one is allowed in the pool so everyone is cramped around the deck.  This makes it very tricky walking around the pool.  During the day its a whole other story.  I am impressed with the giant menu and so many food options available.  The drink menu was a great selection too!  I am happy that they did keep the ginormous drinks that Drift use to carry. My first impression of Spanish Fly is that you need a tattoo to get through the door and not just any ordinary tattoo.  You need a giant tribal tattoo or a full sleeve!  This place does get packed.  If you don't have a day bed or cabana, I recommend you get there early to claim a spot.  OK food and drinks but a little over priced.  The service was OK.  Its a great place for people watching.
2	After reading the reviews, I decided I had to check this place out. The hostess  had me sign a waiver as I entered providing my phone number and email address. This is to release Spanish Fly of any liability with the pool use. I gave the nice girl a fake number and email address because I wasn't dressed for or planning to use the pool. Okay- so now that I've made it past the front door, I seated myself at the bar next to a good looking gentleman visiting from New Jersey. We chatted it up...too bad he was just visiting. How much does it cost to use the daybeds and cabanas on a weekend, you ask? Ready?....$300 for one bottle with a two bottle minimum. Do the math. Why is a potentially good thing always ruined by $$$? I was told they make $40K on one Saturday. I guess so! They can have it for that price.The pool area is very small, but a pool inside a bar area is a cool concept, so that's a good thing. By pool area, I mean the tiny 12 inch space surrounding the pool.The music playing at the indoor bar during the day is lively, beachy and upbeat. That's a good thing.The draft beer was reasonably priced, another good thing. The pool closes at 7 PM.I had high hopes for this place. Like I said, a pool inside a bar is way cool. But, the small deck area with virtually no where to sit, is a turn off. I should probably come back at night to see what the crowd is like, but I'm really in no hurry to experience that. After all- it has been over 30 years since I was 21 and don't choose to spend my time surrounded by kids with fake ids.
3	Loving this place!  I am a huge fan of poolside drinking and I feel like I'm on vacation when I step in here.  I had no idea there was food here so that may tell you something about grabbing a bite to eat here....not so much the "dinner-out" kind of place.  The crowd is definitely a Scottsdale mix but I think this is just what Old Town needed to turn things up.
5	Best place for day drinking!  I've spent way too many days people watching and drinking myself into a stupor here but it's so much fun that I don't even mind!  There's definitely a large showing of the typical Scottsdale crowd but mixed in there are a few non converts wandering around.  Besides it's fun to watch the juice head gorillas walking around trying not to pass out from flexing so hard!Besides people watching though the drinks are good, average priced for the area and the food I've tried is actually good.  The bartenders are nice to look at too (male and female).  Most likely you'll see me there on Saturday nights or Sunday afternoons having myself a grand old time!
4	I always thought that someone should open a bar with a pool and was extremely excited when I heard of Spanish Fly. I stopped by on a Saturday and it was packed. It's easily the most popular day drinking destination in Scottsdale. The bar was filled with beautiful people and yes there were douchebags. I don't know why people who come to bars like Spanish Fly and complain about the douche factor. You're at a pool party in Scottsdale. What do you expect? I came back on Sunday and had a great time. Sunday's aren't as busy but I like it that way. They do serve food here and everything looks great! I was impressed with the place and I look forward to spending my future Sunday Funday's here.
3	Pretty cool place.  Not very attentive staff and a bit elitist, but thats Scottsdale for you.  Who has a waterfall-pool in the middle of the club that you can't swim in?  whats the point?
2	My friend and I came here on Friday for happy hour.  It was pretty slow considering it was Friday night at 6 pm, but still had a smattering of people.  We got a seat right away and the waitress was really prompt and nice.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria on happy hour- making it only $12.50 and it was very strong!  I was bummed to see that none of the food is on happy hour specials... but priced fairly enough so not the ned of the world.  We had queso, the churros and a chopped salad.  Everything was pretty tasty and good.  Leaving on Friday, we were happy with our experience that we decided to come back on Sat night with a group of friends-- bad idea!Sat night-- little line outside, but not bad.  Once we got in, it was the perfect amount of people.  Not overcrowded where you kept getting knocked into, but not so bleak that you felt like you are the only ones there.  Music was good and unique mixture of people. The front bar was great-- got served almost immediately.  Bartender was fast, prompt and superfriendly.  Then we decided to go to the back near the pool/cabanas.  We sat at the bar and attempted to order drinks.  It was NOT packed-- there was one bartender, but that should have been adequate.  We waited patiently, and kept getting passed up.  We were there for over 10 minutes and never got acknowledged.  Finally, one of the guys we were with said (and not in a demeaning way)," hey.... we have been here for about 10 min."  The bartender proceeds to yell, " Do you think I give a F**K? I don't F**king care, if you want a drink right away, then stay at home and drink there."WHOA!  We were so taken aback....  she then proceeded to backtalk to the guy next to us who had ordered two straight liquor shots and got shoddy pours. We immediately got up and left.  Walked across the street to The Lodge and drank the rest of our money away there.  I will think twice about going back to SF.  It's so sad that what would otherwise be an awesome hangout has to be tarnished by one employee who clearly didn't get the memo on customer service.
2	I went there on a Friday night with a friend of mine for Happy Hour. We both loved the atmosphere, food and drinks were great, staff was very friendly. It was pretty slow for a Friday night but they had some good Happy Hour specials. Wish some of their food was on the Happy Hour special. I ended up going back Saturday night with a group of people. Bad idea! The place was very busy but we were all having a great time. The two bars up front were pretty busy so a few of us decided to go to the bar in the back by the pool to get a second round of drinks since it wasn't as busy back there. There was only one person waiting to order drinks from the bartender and a few other people around us. We sat down at the bar and waited for the bartender to come up to us. We sat there for about 10 minutes trying to make contact with her but she continued to ignore us. Finally, she came around and one of my friend's said "Excuse me, we've been waiting 10 minutes, can we order a drink please?" She was a total bitch and responded back nasty to my friend and said basically that she did not give a shit how long we were waiting. She turns to me and asks me what we want and I tell her and she looks at me at says "That's it?" We sit there another minute in disgust waiting for our drinks and she still hasn't started to make it so we start to walk away. One of our friend's asks why we don't have our drinks and we tell him what happened. He walks up to her and asks where our drinks are and she says "F**k you." I could not believe this. I was so angry and pissed off that someone could treat their customers like this. We also heard her being rude to another customer. I will never go back there again. My experience with a rude nasty bartender has put a bad taste in my mouth for that place and next time will be spending my money elsewhere.
5	I'm still pretty new to the area, but so far this is one of my favorite places ive been to.  But then again, theres few things I enjoy more than laying out, having some pool fun and drinks with friends. Personally, I found this place very chill- especially in comparison to the crazy Vegas pool clubs. I kept hearing that is Douchebag central, but no one bothered me, I drank my Bud Light Limes in peace. I went Sat. No hassle or line getting in, bar was open and never had to wait long for a drink- so I was one happy lil camper. Love the concept- nice job Spanish Fly! I'll be back again soon.
3	Its the beginning of birthday weekend, so I figured, why not hang out with my friends at Spanish Fly. I'm down to try something a little different. I've lived in Vegas and LA. Both cities know how to do clubs. Particularly outdoor clubs. I just assumed that this would be no different.Unfortunately, it was hot as hell last night, and borderline stormy. Pair that with a birthday party full of imbibing, and you have a disaster on your hands.We had a cabana reserved. The staff was VERY nice and accommodating. Our server was typical Scottsdale....attractive, big boobs, blonde, etc. We hung out, drank a while, but left before the night ended because it was so damn hot out. No misters. Our cabana's fan had one setting: slow. The TV didn't have a remote. Oh well.Drinks were stiff, bathrooms are well-maintained and the music is pretty good. Crowd is alright here. Definitely not as douchy as The Mint, but not as cool as Smash.Yes, we ended up going to Smash afterwards. I'll come back for daytime partying when it's a pool party.
1	Reserved a cabana for a friends bachelorette through VIP Services (highly advertised on their website).  Had been here a few times before, no issues, had a lot of fun.  Once I determined that Spanish Fly would work for us, there were multiple e-mails back and forth between the VIP host and myself about details for the event and I had confidence that everything would be made perfect for our group of 25 girls that night.  I talked it up to many in our group because others had made different suggestions as to other places for the evening, but I really pushed for Spanish Fly because of the way the communication was going with the VIP host and myself.  I truly felt they would make my friend feel special.  Unfortunately, I could not have been more wrong.  When I arrived with the 20+ girls in my group, I discovered that absolutely none of the decorations I hand delivered in 2 separate trips that day (at the offering/suggestion of the host) had been set up in our cabana (which was not even a cabana...just a square couch with a folded down umbrella. Cabanas are reserved only for those getting bottle service).  I was taken to a back office to speak with the hostes and a manager and was told that there were multiple bachelorette parties that evening and there was some confusion as to who's decorations were for which party.  I had clearly labeled my decorations with a very large slip of paper with the bride's name on it (who the reservation for the evening was under) so I'm not quite sure where the confusion came into play, and the other bachelorette party I saw there that evening didn't appear to have any decorations.  I also sent the host an e-mail after I finished dropping off the 2nd set of decorations the day of the party asking if I needed to do anything else to be sure that the decorating was taken care of as I wanted to be certain everything would be set up for us when we arrived.  It was a terrible disappointment that it wasn't.  Not only did I miss out on all of the fun at the hotel pool with the rest of the bridal party so I could drop things off at the club, but the situation made me, as the organizer, look like I was the one who let the ball drop.  To make matters worse, while the host ran around trying to set things up at the last minute, nobody was told to come and take care of us while we waited.  The manager should certainly have been the one to be sure that was happening rather than continuing to sit in the back office.  The host finally showed us to our seat, which wasn't the area where I had originally requested at all, but completely on the opposite side of the club and as far away from the dance floor as possible.  We were finally brought some complimentary shots, and what I thought were complimentary pitchers of drinks to make up for our trouble.  However, at the end of the evening, I was charged for the pitchers as well.  Every other bar we had been to that evening happily to provided our party with complimentary shots, even if it was just in passing.  Had I known the shots were all that the hostess was providing us with for this huge faux pas, I would have asked her to give me my bag of decorations and left.  Awesome service by Jenn, can't say enough good things about her.  DJ and his house music sucked.  When the server has a party who's been seriously pissed off, get over yourself and play the bride-to-be a remix of the song she wants to hear.  Have written a letter to the owner.  If he corrects the situation, I will change my rating.
5	! Monday Funday recovery drinks all day...!!
4	I like the style of the bar because it looks like a hut.  I like sitting around fire pits.  I like the look of the pool and cabanas during the night even if you can't go in the pool after sunset.
1	I really hate to give a place a bad review, but Spanish Fly EARNED a bad one today.Drinks were served in a dirty plastic glass.  Water spots all over the glass.  While we were sitting at the bar, the barmaid knocked over a large quantity of red straws (twice) and then picked them up off the floor to use them.We were there for happy hour.  When my bill arrived we were charged $9.00 for each glass of wine.  When I asked the barmaid about the charge, she informed me that wine is not part of their happy hour.  I have NEVER been to any place offering a happy hour were wine was excluded.Strong chance that I will never be back.Michael
4	My father in law and I stopped here after a MLB Spring Training game. I'd like to go back to this place when it get's in the 100's. Bet there's some serious people watching here.
5	I feel Spanish Fly is one of the best things that has happened in Scottsdale in terms of adult entertainment for quite some time - especially during the hot summer months.  In the past if you wanted to go to a pool during the day you would need to get a hotel room at the Valley Ho, W, etc.  Spanish Fly offers: Typically no cover, great house music, quaint but beautiful grounds and lots of people from all walks of life  just having a good time.  I have just as good of a time here at the pool parties as I do at the larger local hotels or Vegas resorts - often even better as it's so convenient.  Nights. too, can be enjoyable but more chill - feels like you're at some small club in the Mediterranean.  Can't wait for the summer pool season to start...
1	This place is a great place to cool off and people watch. Fantastic idea, really. Who else serves jungle juice by the pitcher?  My problem came  when I tabbed out and got the wrong card back. Lots of cards back there fine, but when I got mine back it had a guys name on it.  I was fine with that, both our last names started with the same letter and it was the same blue card.  I was fine with not only them thinking I was a guy, but also giving me then wrong one.  It happens.   But when I pointed it  out that it was not me they claimed to give me my card back. Really? But the card in my bill is not me. The were still positive they gave me my card back.  Finally I gave up and they told me to call back later to see if my card was returned.  If you gave me my card back, why would I return it, I'm so confused?   Blah, blah, they didn't give or even a "hey we are sorry".  Which stinks.  I would suggest going, but would just not pay buy card!!
4	I love the vibe of this place. It's fun and laid back. The day life is just as awesome as the nightlife. They have a rockin' happy hour and the pool is awesome, especially since it's getting warm again. They play some awesome music and the staff is pretty cool
5	This place is super sexy and I wasn't charged for my drinks!  I would totally go back here.  All the staff are pretty hott as well!
4	This is a fun POOL party club in Scottsdale next to everyone's favorite, American Junkie. I have never eaten here, other than a dessert that I don't remember. ;) It can also be a fun place for after dinner drinks or dance. The ambiance of relaxing and drinking next to a pool always brings about a good time. The music is LOUD and the bartenders are nice. Their bathrooms are clean and pretty. Spanish Fly rages during the daytime summer weekends, and is a great place to hang out when you still want to enjoy the outdoors and it's blazing hot outside. I will be going back - glad to have you in Scottsdale, Spanish Fly.
4	Pool party sweeeet...great concept!I was here on a Saturday, maybe it wasn't "THE" night because it was pretty empty. But I hear this place is great during the day and certain nights...guess I missed which nights. Love the pool concept and the drinks were inexpensive. I could see myself dancing the night away here...unfortunately nobody was dancing which I thought was odd...maybe thats a AZ thing. The music was great! Can't wait to go back on the right night...or day!!!
3	I came here last Saturday night for the first time.  Hey another typical Scottsdale night spot.  Full of douche bags and hot chicks.  My friend had his birthday party here so we had a cabana.  That was actually pretty sweet.  The only real reason why I had was because of the group of people I was with.  Otherwise I would totally overlook this place as an option to go to.
4	I came here on a Saturday night around 11pm. Incredibly courteous and friendly staff, reasonable drink prices (I live in NYC, so I dont really know) the setting is really chic and they play good music. Fun and mixed crowd. I look forward to going back.
4	Came here on a HOT evening July 4th weekend!Pros-Really awesome decor, the back opens up so you can walk through to the outside-Very open, even though it was hot the pool cooled down the outside.-Strong Drinks!-Cool cabana areas to hang out in!Cons-It was HOT, not Spanish Fly's fault though-You can't go in the pool-You may fall into the pool
5	They allow smoking outside by the pool! The waitress's were super friendly and didn't charge our non drinking driver for his soda. Went on a Thursday , my apple martini was 9 bucks for one thru.
4	Right before I heard about the new beach club that will be taking over where Myst and Suede now are, I had finally checked out Spanish Fly, a bar and restaurant housed in one of my former old faves, Drift, that already brought a beachy feel to Old Town Scottsdale. I went there not expecting much in terms of food, since I had seen scantily clad crowds taking over the premises on weekend days that made it seem more like a spot to be seen than get decent grub.But Spanish Fly has a pretty kick-arse happy hour menu, and their bean and cheese burritos rival my current faves, those of America's Taco Shop. And no, if you go there on a weekday night dressed in your business clothes right after work, you don't have to worry about not fitting in with a bikini-clad crowd -- bathing suits are only acceptable there on weekends during the day.The bar looks like it should be connected to a hotel, with pebble floors and lots of lounge-y furniture surrounding the pool. Our bartender was friendly and laid-back, and the crowd was more diverse than the typical plastic you might expect from Old Town -- while most of the patrons were young, some seemed like they had just left work.Spanish Fly's extensive happy hour is Monday-Friday from noon-8 p.m., making it a great place to day drink. The happy hour menu features half-off appetizers, party bowls and bottles, as well as two-for-one drinks. Their margaritas ($8-$10) were super-strong, so I thought it was definitely a great deal.We tried the bean and cheese dip ($6 -- at happy hour, only $3) with chips, and it was a decently portioned serving of nachos that was heavier on the cheese than the beans. I also had a muy delicioso bean and cheese burrito (I ordered off the menu since the menu only features chicken fajita and carne asada burritos), and the burrito was huge and very filling and had the perfect balance of beans and cheese. I loved it!While I enjoyed Drift for its tropical-inspired cocktails and decor, Spanish Fly didn't disappoint at all when it came to ambiance and food. I'd go back for lunch or happy hour or on a weekend when I want to be surrounded by beauties in a hotel-like pool without the room charge.
2	Heard the music from down the street so i was looking to get my groove on. Didnt expect there to be a huge pool in the middle of the club. No room to do anything really.
4	totally scottsdale. i recommend taking ppl not from the area here to get a feel for the town-the atmosphere is incredible. the girls and bartenders are all models and the girls have to wear skimpy bikinis. there is a gorgeous pool and waterfall in the center with cabanas surrounding it and tons of flat screens. there are also two bars. the food is not so great but the drinks are reasonable priced for scottsdale.
4	We stopped by after the Giants spring training opener and it was dead, but they had penny drinks if you had a Giants ticket and the sun was shining. We played some bean-bag toss and kinda had the whole place to ourselves which was alright for a drink. Then we moved on. Looks like a nice place to go when the weather heats up.
4	I love it here - I really do!Definitely a fan of the bar/restaurant/outside pool concept. Especially during our brutally hot summers here in the valley.I like their inside area - I feel like I'm almost in a cave of sorts - very cool. Outside is great too - very glam (w/their chaise lounges/sofas/pillows in cabanas)! Wish there was a wee bit more room to meander around the pool - always feels like someone is inches away from falling in pool.Service is always quite friendly and prompt too. Good drinks and I've only had appetizers here (typical bar food). ;)
5	We went to Spanish Fly for a co-worker's farewell happy hour since she got a new job. When we first arrived, hardly anyone was there- granted it was a random Tuesday night. Right away we all went to the bar and realized what an amazing happy hour Spanish Fly had! $2 drafts of any beer they have on tap and $2 chip dip trio (originally $6 bucks). The Bartender TJ tended to our every need- we were a group of 9 girls so he really deserves a medal. We had a fabulous time and definitely plan to go back!
3	Spanish Fly is a great place to go out with friends on a hot day.  The pool adds to the relaxed atmosphere.  The drink specials were great, however our service was incredibly slow both for food and drink.  There were not many people there to bog them down either, it just seemed like the service staff was relatively apathetic.  Overall though, it did not hinder me having a good time.
5	Visiting Scottsdale for the first time in years and was rather clueless. Called and talked the manager Jeff, he was genuine and inviting, unlike the other places we called about our small party of 3. VIP hostess was great, service staff was pleasant and attentive. Bouncers were friendly. Bartenders know how to pour a cocktail!! Great mellow day by the pool. Wish I was staying an extra day, I'd go back.
5	I really enjoy going to Spanish Fly on Sundays. They have an awesome mimosa deal from 11am-2pm unlimited mimosas for only $10! It's definitely worth it. Every time my friends and I go, we always ask for JJ. She is awesome and always comes around to fill drinks before we even ask. I have eaten the chicken quesadilla there with grilled veggies. It's to die for! Definitely worth checking out. I highly recommend it if you are tired of not being able to sit anywhere and being too crowded at the new beach club, Maya. If you want a chill afternoon with cool people then I'd recommend bringing your suit and hanging out at Spanish Fly.
3	Out of Blue Moon AND Stella. Cool music and good vibe, not  pretentious like the W Rooftop Pool
4	This place is pretty cool. The pool is a decent size to fit a good crowd, I definitely love the waterfall. The layout is nice, pretty spacious bar for having a pool outside. You can grab some seats inside at high top tables or at the bar. Then there are 2 more bars outside, with lounges/cabanas and a few seats here and there in the outside area. I went here on a Sunday night so it was chill, with a few people swimming and getting crazy. I heard this place is awesome for day drinking and swimming, so I am curious to come back during the day when it's hoppin to see what it brings. One piece of advice I have is, don't think you can come here to really relax and cuddle with your boo. People are there drinking and having fun, so you get splashed, hit with beach balls and people jump in right next to you. So if you are looking to just cuddle with your other half, you really don't want to get your hair wet, you have to expect to get interrupted and WET. It's not a resort pool, it's a bar full of all kinds of people so you can't get angry! Haha! Everyone is there to just have fun, your in a pool your going to get wet and interrupted! Looking forward to a day here of drinking and trying their food menu! Ill be back!
2	I am disappointed because the sight of the pool really intrigued me. It was a nice environment, decent crowd, but I was pretty upset when I went to pay for drinks. We were charged $15 for two WELL vodka and diet cokes in short glasses.... A bit pricey but I was willing to go with it. Then we decided to take two shots of fireball, you know, the cheap stuff. The bill came and it was $16 for two fucking shots of fireball?? They get that for free and other bars literally give it away. On Mill they charge maybe $2 a piece for fireball. It is complete bullshit. Not even a real shot and they charged us almost $20. Will not be back for that reason. Such a rip off!
2	cool idea. drinks...blah.....
5	I love this place. I've been going here for over a year and even since Maya opened, I still choose this place every weekend. They have great drink specials, great tunes and bartenders. We met Jake, the owner, and Mike the bartender manager and they were awesome. They make amazing mimosas and honestly care about everyone liking their drinks and having a great time. If you want a chill, awesome time, go here.
4	our last stop on the san tan brew labor day pub ride....quite inebriated by now, but it was only 7pm. it was smaller than i expected. but the cabanas were empty so we had a place to sit and chill. the servers were all very pretty and i'm sure my wife noticed the man candy lounging around. it was entertaining to see men wearing designer shirts and sunglasses replete with the ubiquitous sleeve tattoos deathly afraid of getting their perfectly quaffed hair wet. i live in old town but the club scene nor it's population has never been my cup of tea.staff was friendly and the music was pumpin some great tunes. my pecs or my wallet  aren't big enough to visit here on a regular basis.
4	Cool concept for a bar/club in Old Town Scottsdale. The Spanish Fly has a pool surrounded by a couple bars and cabanas. We ended our San Tan Brews Cruise here, so I haven't been on a regular night. It's really pretty, good music, and I believe they're open during the day as well for lounging and day drinking. It seems to cater to a younger "see and be seen" crowd if that's your flavor.
3	Before I begin... I must admit that I love swimming and pool parties at people's houses but HATE the Vegas/Scottsdale pool party atmosphere. I generally go for the music and to have fun the parties generally feel like a showoff fest than a good time. I work for a living so I don't have time to GTL it to look like a hard-body superstar.With that said, I went here on a Saturday night and it was DEAD. There was a group of 3-4 people at the back table and one guy sleeping on the flat pool benches - and that was it. I went with 4 other people so we pretty much doubled the place. Got a round of drinks and two people decided to jump in with their clothes on. You guessed it - they were drunk. Their comment about 15 minutes later was, "oh, it is only 11:45, dang, we thought it was later!" LOL.With that said, I just don't think the pool party thing is my thing. The place seemed nice but I just don't care for the atmosphere where it genuinely feels like everyone is judging you because you aren't cool enough because you aren't a beefcake and aren't rocking no-tanlines-anywhere. I didn't go here during a pool party so  Iacn't judge that aspect truthfully. As for my experience, there was basically nothing to experience.
4	I came here when some of my friends were shooting a film there and I went to visit them so I really didn't get to experience the actual bar and swimming party scene. From what I saw the place seemed cool. I was there on a Thurs night so it was not crowded but it was filled with beautiful people as my friends were filming and there were a lot of beautiful and good looking actors there. I liked the vibe there so I would go again for the swimming pool party and drinks with friends!
4	This restaurant closed.
