3	The first Filipino establishment I visited in Las Vegas.  Nothing particular stands out at this place. If you've been to a Filipino Restaurant/Karaoke place before, you'd find the same things here. The food was ok...and the service was prompt. It was pretty dead for a Thursday night though.
2	Went to Cafe Moda to meet up a whole bunch of guy friends at about 2am on a Friday night.  Located off Spring St, a few miles from the strip.  The place was free, drinks were cheap (wait...did I pay for drinks?), girl was yacking in the stall next to me, LOADS of empty tables, good music which transitioned to BAD karaoking... all this adds to 2 measly stars.  It was a good conversation piece later, I must say.
4	Pretty cool Kareoki/Nightclub Filipino joint where they serve the best Sisig I've ever tasted. Their sisig is not your typical sisig made out of chopped-up pork head but it's made from crunchy pieces of fried pork meat and skin, mixed with onions and their special sauce, served in a sizzling hot plate. Went here at 2am on a Saturday night and this place was packed.  Waited for a few minutes to get a table but they have a full bar while you wait.  Good place to grab a late night snack and have a few drinks while people watching with your friends.  We even noticed a few white guys and some bruthas hanging out in search of their next Filipina GF or wife..haha.  Place opens till 5am so I was pretty surprised to see a lot of "uncles" and "aunties" here partying that late! Crazy!
5	You ever found a place that felt like Cheers?  Well, that's what this place is to me.  CafeModa-eers!  Every time I walk in I'm greeted with friendly bouncers, servers, and bartenders who have all become more than acquaintances.  It got to the point where I was there every day just to hang out.  I had graduated to being a local drunk of Vegas and had a favorite bartender, Angel.  I just can't get enough of this place.  I've had to pull myself away from here just because I started forgetting about everything else.  It was a place to escape all realities.  Luckily, they decided to be smoke free, it smells so much better and you still come out smelling like the way you came in unless you've danced the night away and just sweated all over the place.  Not like before when smoking was permitted, I hated the way I smelled after coming out.  The music is a mixture of r&b, rap, and some dance music.  Ordering food is easy as I pretty much like everything they have to offer like the sisig, garlic fried rice, tapsilog, and losilog.  Food is served till late so you can even go to the clubs first and then go to Cafe Moda to eat after.The best days and times to go if you're looking for dancing and a good atmosphere with young people are Ladie's Nights on Wednesdays/Thursday mornings, Friday nights, and Saturday nights.  But, any other night if you're feeling up to singing, "Like a Virgin" it's all a great night for it.  I've had my fair share of Selena's, "Dreaming of you" after some Jack and Cuervo.
3	I'm not Filipino, but it didn't matter, went with some colleagues as a 'completed training' celebration.  They ate, I got their too late, but what was left looked REALLY good.The music was great, but being from NYC (we're not big on Kareoke) it was a little strange and it died out A LOT once the singing started.Everyone was very nice, even go to dance some salsa!!!Anyway, had a great time regardless.  Would go back.
3	I'm in Vegas, and where does our group end up going?!  A freakin' Filipino "disco", "just like the ones in the PI" my friends told me...  ew.  Granted, it was fun for the first 2 hours, but the folks there don't get sick of dancing to the same rap songs being played over and over.  They serve food, although our group didn't have any.  The good:  No cover.The bad:  being in a filipino nightclub while in VegasThe ugly:  being here for more than 4 hours, nasty people practically having sex on the dancefloor, doing it to Flo Rida's "Low".
4	We ended at this place my first night in a recent Vegas trip. Obviously my local friend was the one who knew about it. All I gotta say is craaazzy man. It's a great feeling to stuff yourself full of rice and sisig after a night full of drinking at the club. Food was good, and drinks were cheap. The crowd is majority of Filipino people from young and old. Plus mix in a few black and mexican heads. Moda is a Kareoke bar first and foremost, but they do play hiphop inbetween sets and people usually get down on the dancefloor. It's a great place if you're looking to shock your filipino friends with something new hahah!Oh yea watch out for the uncle who wants to be your best friend and the guy who tries to dance with ladies in his dress shoe and white socks =X!
4	Came here on a trip to Vegas with a group of friends. We had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry. The boys suggested Cafe Moda since they went there the last time and raved about the sisig. So we took cabs to Cafe Moda, which is off the strip. When we got there, there were groups of people outside the door. Inside, we waited to be seated. There was a nice fire at the front and considering how cold it was outside, it was nice to stand in front of it. We were seated withing 2 minutes. It was super dark inside and I couldn't really see other people but there were lots. People were dancing on the dance floor and the DJ was pretty good!We ordered drinks for each of us (have to if you're in Vegas) and the 2 plates of chicken wings, 2 plates of sisig, and 1 plate of fried rice. My drink was really strong (jack and coke) so it's good to know they didn't skimp on the alcohol. Our food came but they only gave us 1 sisig. We didn't mind though because we got full off the rest of food. Every dish we had was excellent and we polished everything off quickly. We definitely left very satisfied. Didn't stay for any dancing though because we were tired.The next night, we ended up at Cafe Moda again because we were all hungry at 2am after going to a club. Ordered wonton soup, chicken wings, more sisig, and regular steamed rice. The wonton soup was really flavorful and I thought it was one of the best wonton soups I've ever had. Hmm Filipino wonton soup better than any Chinese wonton soup I've ever had?... yes even though I'm Chinese, I had to admit it. It was damn good! The sisig had too much onion this time because every bite I took had an onion taste... didn't enjoy it as much.Overall, can't wait to come back to Cafe Moda for the food. It's a small little club too but I wouldn't come here just to dance.
4	I was just happy to find out there was a place in Vegas where i can eat tosilog. I didn't know what i was walking into after we left the club to go eat, i was expecting a little restaurant but ended up walking into another club that just served food still. Food was really good and and the drinks weren't that pricey. I didn't see any karaoke singing but the music sure was loud. This will have to be the new after club breakfast spot from now on.
1	Scale 1-10,I give them 1/2.Due to the special occasion from our 20th Anniversary celebration with early reservation we did,they made it double booked in one small place.I think they take advantage on us because all of us is from out of town.also unfair from the other group.And the food is not that good scale of 1-10,maybe 2.Another thing busy weekend,with party reservation, men's restroom broken.Its good I always bring my sanitizer in my pocket.The date 8-15-09.
4	So Cafe Moda is a tiny little club on Jones and DI off the strip.  The place is kinda crammed with very little wiggle room because of the dance floor and restaurant tables taking up most of the space.  The food features all types of Filipino fare all night long. The DJ was good and the place was your typical Saturday night crowd in Vegas..... Only reason for a non-five star was the pricy menu.  Other than that Cafe Moda is a great late-night spot.
5	5 Stars just for their SISIG! Nothing compares. I was visiting my bff in Vegas in November and we were suppose to go to Body English.I forgot my ID at her house so went back to Henderson to get it and kinda pooped so decided to go to Cafe Moda instead. My bff had been here before and said they had a dj. It was a Sunday night...so they actually didn't have a DJ that night. It was pretty empty (it was around midnight). They did have kareoke. I wasn't even hungry. All we ordered was the sisig because she told me how good it was. It was delish. I ate so much even though I already had dinner. We shared one plate and even had left overs that we ate the next day for lunch. Going to Vegas this weekend and Cafe Moda and their delish sisig is on my must-do-list and it will be every time I go to Vegas. Service was pretty good. And um...the kareoke music was horrible. lulz. But I'm not much of a kareoke kinda gal.
3	While Cafe Moda isn't as popular as it used to be a couple years ago, it's still pretty full on the weekends.  The crowd is a on the older side and there are often parties set up there.  You can eat and drink first and then either karaoke or dance to whoever's singing.  The dance floor is a decent size and the dinner tables can be large enough for a good-sized group.The restaurant/bar is located right at the Spring Mountain/Jones intersection across from the 168 grocery market.  There's plenty of parking available in the strip mall.  Since Moda isn't too far down Spring Mountain, oftentimes I'll just head down there after a night on the strip to get some sig sig and beer before heading home.
5	After a night of drunken debauchery, friends and I were all craving Filipino food. And thank gawd, I came up with the brightest of ideas and yelled out "Cafeeeee Modaaaa." -- I swear, that was, like, the best idea of the new year for me.Our party of 10+ left (crappy) Haze and went to Cafe Moda on a Saturday night @ 2am. And, boy, were we pleased.The music was hip hop and R&B -- better than the last place we were at *cough*cough*The dancefloor wasn't crowded -- we could dance/walk clearly; forget that we were dancing next to old men (tatas) and old women (nanas)And they had food there -- *sisig, plabok, lumpia*Granted our breathe was crazy from the onions in the sisig but, we really did dance our asses off...I woke up smiling and talking with friends about "how fun last night" was =)I highly recommend doing this if you wanna end your night on a different kinda of bang-bang-BOOM!!!
5	Cafe Moda is the most fun place to sing, dance, laugh, drink and eat the best Sisig and yes, extra Jalapenos please! Crispy Pata is as delicious as it should be with a crisp at each bite! The lumpia's are pretty good, garlic fried rice is tasty and as Filipino as it can get and the sinigang is delectable!This place is also a Filipino Karaoke bar folks, so be prepared to be in a very loud, entertaining venue and with the Nanay's and Tatay's doing the cha-cha and bringing sexy back! You never know, you might just catch a drunken girl trying to do a stage dive into the dance floor after singing or screaming her heart out!! And here is a big tip....don't let the little Filipino guys or girls intimidate you if you are not Filipino and walking in alone. Yes, Filipinos do stare but mostly because they want to eat you! Just kidding....we stare because we want to know what you are wearing, so smile back and if the stares don't go away....offer them a drink and they just might be your best companion or compadre for life!  :-)
4	One of pretty good place to hang out with friends on Friday night! You can dance, sing on the stage and/or eat, drink on the side...while watch others 'being happy' on the stage :)One full bar right after you enter this place, then stage in the middle and many tables around! Live is here on Friday (at least on Weekends I think so) ! I love their Filipino karaoke (even I couldn't understand at all), and they also have so many English songs (even issued many many years ago) !Parking is hard to find because this plaza still has Korean karaoke and Chinese karaoke places + massage + one Chinese restaurant, which open very late....
1	I've been here 3 times, not by choice, and I have not ever left this place happy. It's a late night hang out with karaoke, food and alcohol... You always expect, any place that has a karaoke machine, will have people who think they can sing or people that are so drunk that they think they sound awesome. I'd never return if it weren't for the people that we hang out with, I'd NEVER return here. My most recent visit was last night and here's the play by play... Right when you walk in, it smells like rotten eggs. There's is usually someone there, bouncer type person, usually LARGE and in charge. From watching the rumors, I've heard that they've had to to hire more security due to the "Fights" that break out there-- GHETTO. Then you're walked over to your table, keep in mind that the place is so dark. I get it, there's a dance floor and you want the lighting so low to hide the fugly-ness of your patrons but c'mon... You have a bunch of drunktards roaming around in this cramped restaurant, give the place some light! We were greeted by this grumpy, older Pilipino lady dressed in the most casual of clothes. She took our orders and brought over our food and that's it. Soo the services sucks booty. So, to deal with the music, karaoke and the dumb drunk people that go there, I drown myself in alcohol, which makes me visit the restrooms more times than I'd like. EVERY TIME I GO HERE, THERE'S ALWAYS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE RESTROOMS. The first time I went there, there was water all over the floor, which I believe was from the toilets, ew! On my next visit, the toilet was broken and they didn't put a sign on the door to tell you "HEY! Don't pee in here... Or crap, cos it ain't goin to go where it needs to go!" This last time that I was there, the locks fricking didn't work in the stalls so I accidentally walked in on someone and then someone almost walked in on me, luckily I was holding the bottom of the door closed so, sorry, no free shows! Ok, the FOOD. I miss pilipino food, being from San Diego, there is a plethora of this cuisine to choose from. There aren't many selections here in the desert so I was SO disappointed in their food and the fact that good Pilipino food is hard to come by out here. I had the Tapsilog... First of all the rice had no taste... It had the look and smell of fried rice but it was in no way close to tasting like fried rice. The tapa looked like it was burnt to a crisp and-- you know how meat looks like if you fry it for too long? Yep, that's what it looked like, gross and inedible. I was hungry and a little buzzed so I ate it anyway. It tasted like day old meat that they flash fried to pass off as fresh. It was horrible. And, my companions had the Tosilog... And ended up throwing up and having the runs. The next time that I receive an invite to go to this establishment, I am going to give them a BS excuse or flat out "HELL NO". Gross, gross food.
4	Not too far from the Vegas strip, live entertainment, down home Filipino soul food... and open late at night! Aside from going to family or cooking myself, I wouldn't go anywhere else in Las Vegas to satisfy my late night cravings for adobo, sisig, sinigang, crispy pata AND karaoke!
4	The sisig was top notch...also had the combo fried rice--not too shabby. I could do without the extra bass from the speakers and bad dancers tho--I wouldn't go there again at 4am...probably during the day so I can fully enjoy my meal
1	Despite the rave reviews about the sisig, I don't think I'll ever make a trip back here.The overall "ambiance" (if you can call it that) is not very inviting, in my opinion. It's dark, with minimal decor, and "party" style tables. The "bouncer" there was just chillin' at the bar, and the bartender was just as inattentive to any potential customers coming through the door.I went on a weekday at about 8 in the evening? The only people in there was a group that consisted of about 4 older Filipino men, I'd say around... hmm mid 30s to early 40s, and a bunch of young girls... somewhere around their 20s? Them,  and a middle aged couple. Anyways, I was having a good time with my 2 girlfriends, singing karaoke and such. I was stoked because I actually got the couple to slow dance when I sang "Crazy" by Patsy Cline. My friend Amber sang a Britney Spears jam, just so I wasn't hogging the mic... well, I was up there for the 3rd time, since uh, there was no one else in there, and our other friend, Maria didn't want to sing, then SUDDENLY, as I was approaching the last lines of "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor the "DJ" cuts my song off, and decides to introduce one of the girls sitting with the Filipino Mafia, or whatever, saying she has a CD coming out. Really? Well, whatever... Perfect timing. Just when Amber was about to tip the DJ he cut me off.. NO MORE! Not since he pulled that stunt. So I sat down with my friends, and we attempted to listen to this girl's supposed skills on the mic, and I have to say, I'm not the best singer, but I was definitely better than her. I'm giving this place one star, NOT ONLY for the horrible DJ, but for the horrible service, and UNDER SERVICED restrooms, not to mention the uncaring workers.
4	This Pinoy joint was mad fun. Not alot of these places in Seattle, so I had to just check this place out. We were there on a night when there was a 70th birthday party going on. So that alone was entertainment enough. We sat at the bar and the bartender made good drinks. He made me a "bartender's special" which he says had like 5 types of alcohol. It was good and definitely not watered down. Although it tastes like a fruitified long island. My other half was stoked that there was San Miguel. The sisig was good. The lumpia on the other hand did not seem or taste real. It was like store bought ready to fry lumpia. What's up with that yo? Other than the fake lumpia, this place was fun. Nothing classy about it ... but not too trashy. My friends who are Vegas locals however did warn us that one of their friends got shanked like 50 times ... so .... that kind of put us on some type of alert. We didn't stay too long. But good times nonetheless.
5	5 stars!! This late night cafe is the go-to spot after clubbing all night long. Not very pretty on the outside and not a whole lot better looking in the inside, but what I like about this place is the SISIG, the Resident/house DJ, and the fact that I feel like I'm truly at a late night club in the Philippines. The food is deliciously pricey, but that's okay when you're splitting the tab with your entire party. I suggest getting the sisig!! The DJ is the best spinning DJ ever, and no, I'm not kidding.  In between all the food, drinks and music... KARAOKE is obviously not ignored. this part of the cafe makes it feel like home. Every time I'm in LV I make sure I visit this place.
3	It's really dark inside because of the "club" feel.  I wish there was more lighting than the little candles they put on the table.  Also, the music is really loud, so I wouldn't bring a date here.  You literally have to yell to each other if you want to say something.  Also, you have to put up with the karaoke divas.  Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not.  It's a risk you have to take.  The dance floor was dead, but that's because none of the music was hype.  Lol.Aside from all that, the food is really good!  They make hella good sisig.  Also their crispy pata is good too!  I tried their pancit a while back and had no complaints.  There's not many places to get sisig in Vegas, so this place can satisfy that craving.  Good food, just some things you have to put up with.. ^_^
1	Don't go here to eat, just go to get your Filipino dance and karaoke on, I guess. I had a $20 certificate (glad I didn't actually spend good money here). Ordered (to go) the waitress' suggestion: egg roll appy and Mike (noodle/bok choy/noodle something). Both were so SOOO greasy that I took a few bites and trashed the rest. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience. Also seemed like waitress had never seen the menu before. Amateur hour. Pass.BTW, I was tempted by the sisig until I learned it is traditionally made with pig ears and snout (wat?!). Waitress said theirs is made with pork belly. Yeah, I trust her? Pttht.
2	Writing a review on this very day after experiencing the infamous Cafe Moda I heard so much about just hours before on a Friday night.  It was my first time and reason of my presence there, it was the meeting point my friend Will suggested before heading out.  Being filipino it just seemed natural to at least try this place once since it's so popular with my race.  Came here at about midnight and the moment I stepped in I felt like i was back in the army stationed in South Korea haha.  So much ladies of the filipino ethnicity being escorted by old white males. I thought the beer prices would match the interior of this place but I was wrong.  Still $4.50 which I thought was still too high for a place that looked like this.While waiting, I also decided to order something to eat.  Just wanted to kill time while waiting for my buddies. Ordered a calimari.......not that good and the sauce that came with it was some type of vinegar that made my breath funky.  So bad that even the fresh off  the boat ladies didn't wanna talk to me.  I would recommend this place to the older asian generation and any looking to find and older partner to leave with it.BTW, I joke around half of the time so I apologize if I offended anyone by the fresh of the boat description of this place.  I'm fresh of the boat too, from the Titanic tour of Luxor I experienced with the yelp crew.
5	Never fails.We come for food and end up dancing the night away. HahahAnd this time we even had the balls to sing some karaoke!LOVE. THIS. PLACE!
4	We heard so much about this place that we wanted to check it out before a show that night.  What I really like about this place is that the staff is really friendly and very accomodating.  There was some kind of event going on Saturday night and the restaurant was hosting a private event.  The host said that they could squeeze us in.  The put out a table for us and found some extra chairs to fit 6 people in the corner.  I liked that they didn't want to turn away business.  Sisig-pork belly was awesome and so was the sinigang.
3	Whenever I step foot in this place, it's like I'm in the Philippines.... It's interesting.  I've been here a few times to grab a drink and maybe dance a little.  It's funny that you can get some sisig and two feet away there are people getting down on the dance floor.The drinks are slightly overpriced in my opinion.  But the resident DJ actually plays some pretty good hits... mixed in with a little bit of electric slide and its bound to be a good time (for like 20 minutes, then I'm done).  The crowd is also bit on the older side.  However, if you're looking for a non-pretentious place to just have a quick drink and dance to some good music (especially if your Filipino), this is an OK place to go.
5	Are you kidding me?!?! this place is the Shit! After Tao we were hungry so our friend (local) suggested Cafe Moda. The Sisig makes my mouth water as i type this..that good! I was blown away by the music selection. By far one of the best DJ set for Late 90's-2010's. The crowd is mixed (young and old) but everyone got along. No drama. Drinks and food were affordable and staff was excellent.
4	Wow is all I can say...I came for the food and ended up staying for the pure entertainment of watching Lola's on the dance floor...Gentlemen- if you have that Asian persuasion thing going then you might want to check this place out..It's true what everyone says- it's really dark in there, I had to use my cell phone light to see what I was eating half the time.  It was pretty empty when we arrived at 9pm on a Weds night, even though it was their 7th Anniversary celebration.  We sat down and ordered just as they were starting up the Karaoke session.  We ordered:Ox Tail soup- pretty bland but vegetables and ox tail was goodKare Kare- a stew with ox tail and peanut butter and veggies...sounds kinda gross but was actually pretty good, it comes with a shrimp paste you can add to the sauce to give it more flavor.Mike Bihon- rice vermicelli noodles and thicker udon like noodles stir fried with vegetables, it was okaySisig- fried finely chopped pork bits/parts brought out on a sizzling plate.  This one was pure awesomeness if you like that sort of thing. You squeeze lemon on it and eat with rice and its a good night...Well- the karaoke started and I just about threw up my food..not from the food itself but more of the shrieking and how loud and bad some of the singers are...geez...thank god karaoke was ending at 11pm that night..there was not going to be enough shots for me to be able to deal with that all night long...I mean, it was funny laughing at some of these people but some were up there like they were all auditioning for American Idol!Once the dancing started, that's when things really took off!! They play a combo of hip hop, R & B, house, trance, techno...it was hilarious watching people of all ages out on the dance floor and the get-ups of some of these folks...Next time, I'm bringing my friends from SF here!  The food was good and the entertainment was even better! I will for sure be back!!
3	Went here strictly for the sizzling sisig, and it did not dissapoint! However, I was not into the atmosphere. I guess on the weekends it turns into a Filipino disco disco complete with a DJ that mixes songs together without letting them play all the way (so Pinoy). It was dark as hell in there, so I could barely see what I was eating. But you know what, that damn hot, sizzling, citrus pork dish made it all worth it.
3	So I was in Las Vegas for business.Yes. Business.No, I'm serious. Business, you heathens.Aiight and a LITTLE BIT of pleasure. I mean c'monnn son! It's VEGAS.So I'm eased in! Cool. Like I am. Chillin'. (Lol RIP Bernie Mac). Just came out the Mark Curry show, which was MAD hilarious! But I really wanted to touch base with my local fam in the Sin. So I tagged the cousin, and she says to meet her at Moda, where another relation of ours works the door. Awww snap! FAMILY DISCOUNT! hahahaha.So I get in and it's like...being back at Serramonte Mall. HAHAHA! HELLLA Filipino folks! I mean, there were a few other spots of colors here and there, but Manilla was in the building! LOL (hey, I love my PI people! Manny #1! haha). The floor was packed with some maddd fly females and the occasional dude who has NO CLUE as to what dance to do when the music starts up. I almost was about to call the medics for this one Asian dude who started this weird jerking, body-stuttering motion. I wasn't sure if homeboy was feelin the groove or having a seizure. But tell me why homeboy had like 3 of the baddest ladies dancing around him!? HAHAH! So I wasn't mad though..well not that much lol. There was this one cute female though who kinda creep'd me out though because no one wanted to dance with her. So she decided to play Go-Fish and just dance AROUND dudes and hope one would turn around and hit their Dougie on her. That was a negative. LOL! This one cat was hittin the Cat Daddy and she got behind him and started mimic'n his movements..but HORRIBLY OFF. She kept trynna edge around so he'd see her and they'd dance, and this foo just rotated the same direction to avoid eye contact. HAHAHAH!! Priceless!Cousin then ordered hella food! Some beef sigsig, garlic rice, and pork adobo. I didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. But it smelled deiricious! (I know what I typed)But overall, the place was mad chill. No drama popped off like it usually does at spots around the Bay (I mean, not that I know of. I don't really do the nightcrawler bid. LOL Seriously!) The staff was coo..the only problem was the DJ. He was WHACCCK!! And he kept hoppin on the mic to talk over the music. Wadda doooofus. LOL. So I dropped a star. But still, if you're Filipino or even from Daly City/South City and you're visitin Vegas, this is a decent local spot away that'll make you feel at home and it away from the strip and good for easing into ya evening till the wee AM hours.Done!
4	The sisig is great along with the nightlife.
4	Ok atmosphere ... Yeah it needs improvement! But who cares! The food is good here! Plus they got a couple cute workers and the vibe us chill; weather it be karaoke or a club night. For me I just go for the food! Hahaa!
3	There is only one reason to go to Cafe Moda and that reason is the sisig. I haven't been to Cafe Moda to experience the nightlife. I figure if I want to hear some really bad singing I could go to any Filipino party where they have a Magic Mic. The decor definitely needs updating... when you walk in, it's like you're stepping back into the 80's. There's a dance floor and a stage in the middle of the restaurant. The restaurant is rented out sometimes for private parties but they still welcome other patrons even though there is another function going on. The first time I went here, there was a huge family reunion and they were showing videos and a slideshow of that family. It felt like we were party crashers but we made the best of the situation.I usually order Kare Kare and sisig... both are really good and keep me coming back. If you want to avoid bad karaoke, go when they open, around 5 pm.
3	went here to celebrate a friend's 40th birthday on the last day of 2010! they had a table of filipino food goodness including a whole roasted pig (lechon)! the restaurant was equipped with a sound system, dj booth, a large dance floor and a full bar! it's a nice place tucked in chinatown of las vegas. nevertheless, i heard the sisig was good here but never had the chance to try it this time around.
4	The first time I came to Cafe Moda, I was a little skeptical of going in based on the looks of this strip mall. For some reason, this place was poppin'! It was a Night Club, Restaurant, and Karaoke Bar in one! The DJ was pretty good (and I'm picky with my DJ's). They have a pretty good sound system. Karaoke, well, it's open to everyone and not everyone can sing. Best thing about this place: SISIG!!!
3	For a Cheap fun night we come here.  Drinks are cheap and filipino food is delish.  Random: SUSHI! Filipino food and sushi is kind of good you know!The DJ, is ok but the karaoke is funny.  It's fun to watch Filipinos (I'm filipino myself) sing Karaoke.  They just make it entertaining.  They always feel like it's the stage of American Idol when in reality they had one too many drinks and one plate too many sisig.But this is a must stop for me!
5	I give them 5-stars because they have an all-night kitchen, they're open late, the waitresses are friendly, though a bit pricey the food portions are huge, the liquor/beers are reasonably priced, the dance floor is spacious & well-laid out, often they have a DJ though sometimes someone's singing karaoke (which I loathe) and even on weeknights it can get festive whereas the rest of Chinatown is dead.
2	The main complaint first, then a review of everything else.  I attended the birthday party of a nice married couple at Cafe Moda.  They made reservations for up to 12, but for most of the evening, there was only 9 of us.  To seat us all, they had to move two tables for six side by side.  As the night wore on, a large group of people came in, and wanted to sit together.  The solution of the waitstaff was to move our group of 9 to the table of six.  Without telling us a thing, they began to move all the food down to one end of the table, then tried to have us shift down toward the end.  Well, if you can imagine it, some of us were still eating food, and would have to move our plates to where someone else was just eating...no cleaning the spot, nothing.  I don't know what the extra three people were supposed to do in this scenario, it wasn't explained.  Well, at the time I was raising hell about being moved from a table I was eating at because another group arrived and wanted my space, two more from our group arrived, and then we had 11 of the 12 slots filled.  They decided not to move us, but they did communicate to me, that because I was loud (having to complain over loud music, a normal tone of voice would not be heard) they thought of cashing us out and making me leave, at least.  I'm not sure if the intent was to completely ruin someones birthday or not.  Anyway, they made it clear that I was wrong.  Me. The customer.  The guy that was eating food at a table with my friends.  A guy that was ready to pay the bill for the food, table and service.  To their credit, they did not make me leave.  I was informed that they had to change waitresses because I raised a stink.  Clearly, the customer was quite wrong.Now to review the rest.  The new waitress was capable and attentive.  The music for dancing was fine.  The place had good energy.  I had fun.  I've had the food on four prior occasions, and while I'm not an expert on Filipino food, I've had enough to know that it's the worst of what I have eaten.  Maybe, somewhere, there is a Filipino restaurant with worse tasting food.  When I find it, I'll let you know.  The portions are large, but so is the price.  A quick word about the sisig...I've eaten it, and it's dry and chewy.  That's not how it is served in the Phillipines.  I'm not quite sure what sisig the other reviewers have eaten, but this is just plain bad.  For the adventurous person not deterred by this review, feel free to eat here so long as you are flexible enough to move with your food to another table if someone else wants take your spot.
4	Nice place to hang out and have a drank on, karaoke, Dj with  a dance floor. The staffs are awesome! The sig sig is out of this world
4	"You guys wanna go to this place that serves sisig until 4am??"It was precisely what me & my friends wanted to hear on a Friday night/Saturday morning after being at Vanity nightclub. Whaaatt?? Sisig? This late at night? Good lawwd.... Yes, pls. It's on the corner of Spring Mountain & Jones a little bit past Chinatown. It's not the most attractive place from the outside but I could care less. The food was great, the service was good and the music was dope. We were tripping out the whole night on where we were, what we were eating and what we were listening to.This isn't a family restaurant. It's 21 & over... More like Bayanihan in Los Angeles back in the 1990s. Our friend who's a local in LV now, brought us to Cafe Moda and we're so glad he did. We were seated at a big table near the small dance floor. Yes, dance floor... complete with fog machine and cheesy disco lights. Awesome! Not too long after we were seated, they brought our table bottles of Red Horse beer and San Miguel beer. Hahaha... Our local friend was familiar with the menu and we let him order everything. My mouth is watering a little bit thinking back on the late night meal we had there... We had sisig which was delicious, served on a sizzling plate and we liberally squeezed calamansi on it to top it off. Yup, mouth still watering... We also had lechon kawali which was cooked perfectly and had the requisite Mang Tomas sauce on the side. I would've been good with multiple orders of those 2 pork dishes but more hits were coming.... We also had calamari, pansit bihon, kare-kare, a whole fried bangus (milkfish), lumpia, etc... All the food was delicious. Granted, anything late that night should taste good but if my still-salivating mouth as i type this is any indication of how tasty our dishes were... well, that should be proof enough.The music was great. They were playing hip hop and r&b classics. It was a live DJ and he definitely kept the dance floor busy. We arrived around 2am, i think, so I'm guessing there were even more people earlier that night. I heard everything from Wu-Tang, Lauryn Hill, Naughty By Nature, SWV, etc.. So many hits from the golden era of hip hop... And to end the night with their last dance they played Jodeci's Come & Talk To Me remix.... WOW. This is what clubs need to do. Play some damn Jodeci at the end of the night. Everyone would leave the spot so damn happy.... no fighting. Strictly on lovemaking missions. HAHAHA....Cafe Moda might be too hood for some people especially if you're used to eating on the strip or were expecting a Goldilocks type atmosphere. The place is loud, it's dark, the fog machine is out of control... But the music is on point & the food hits the spot.Be back to Cafe Moda next time we're in town. Lookin forward to it... Mouth is watering, once again.
2	My friend and I came here just out of needing something to snack on. She mentioned Cafe Moda had some very good salt and pepper wings. So we took a drive to get some. On arrival, there were a lot of people in and out of the establishment which was good. It indicated that there is something good going on here. Well, walked in and realized it was a Filipino establishment which caught me off guard. I figured I was in for a treat because there is a lot to rave about when it comes to Filipino food. Then again I was only there to snack on some wings. Upon arrival, we sat ourselves at a booth overlooking the dance floor and watched everyone dancing and having a great time. It was a mixed crowd as far as the age goes and everyone was friendly, randomly saying hi and smiling. And that's kind of where the pleasantries ended. The staff was very cold. The waitress took our order of calimari and salt and pepper wings. The salt and pepper wings are to die for and the calimari was cooked perfect. The only problem was the customer service. I had to flag the waitress down as she was sitting at the bar. Asked her for another drink and she kept reiterating to me that there were "no free refills", like i didn't hear her the first time or as if i couldn't afford another cup of sprite. Not sure what that was about. I'm not sure what was going on with the staff but I will give this place another chance in the future. Only because my friend said that The service was good last time she was here. 2 Stars is for the overall customer experience. Sometimes the food can't save bad service.
1	To all filipino food lovers. Do not go to cafe moda. First, the food is too salty and they don't give you enough. My friend had a birthday party here last night and it was the worst birthday she had. The server ROCKY was very rude and unprofessional, she yelled at the 51 year old birthday girl and threatened her.  She changed their agreement because she thought she could make more money. When we asked for the manager there wasn't one. So to all those people planning parties there get your money back and go somewhere else. You'll have a better time @ Dennys.
5	OK, I've been going to different spots and trying their lechon kawali, chicharon bulaklak, and their sinigang na baboy. Cafe Moda is always on point with these three favorite items of mine. The kawali and bulaklak was freaken amazing! Perfect every time! There is nothing left on the plate whenever we get these niblets of heaven. The last time we ate here, for some reason the sinigang was the best sinigang I've ever had. The chef made it a tad bit more sour than usual and we all looked at each other. Their was nothing left in the bowl when the waiter took the bowl away. Quality Filipino food here yallz. I'm never disappointed whenever I have a cheat day from the gym.
3	Cafe Moda is a Filipino Karaoke bar. They serve a variety of Filipino food as well as their own alcohol concoctions. If you order alcohol, insist on ordering a regular drink (i.e. Vodka tonic, Gin and Tonic, etc.) and not their mixes unless you enjoy fruity drinks that are extremely sweet. Although their names for their drinks are interesting such as the "Piece of Ass" which consists of Amaretto, Southern Comfort, and Sweet and Sour Mix, the mix itself is too sweet for my palette.Cafe Moda is located in a really busy Asian shopping center. Parking is really scarce during peak hours so you may have to park really far away from this place. This was the case when we arrived in the evening.The setup of this restaurant/bar was interesting. It is essentially one big open space with tables setup surrounding a dance floor and a stage. The people who are sitting at the tables brazenly gaze at the brave soul singing their heart out. I was expecting separate private rooms for karaoke like Korean karaoke places but alas, this place is not like that at all.Our table ordered a variety of Filipino dishes. I don't know what the names of the dishes were, but the Filipino dishes tasted decent. However, I ordered ceviche (a Latin delicacy) and was quite disappointed. Lime juice is supposed to cook the ceviche but instead, the shrimp was actually boiled in water! Stick with the Filipino dishes as they obviously do not know how to make ceviche. There was a live MC that entertained the karaoke and music portion of the entertainment. Initially, there is ambient music in the background playing the latest dance hits from the club, and suddenly, it transitions into someone's karaoke selection. This pattern continues back and forth. If no one wants to sing, the MC will gladly sing a song to fill the void. In addition, the MC frequently sang duet with other singers too which I though was interesting. I liked that the MC was participating and keeping the party alive. After a while, the MC lead the group into dancing the electric slide. It was really odd. The only time I have done the electric slide was various company functions. Hence, if you grew up on the electric slide, you would enjoy this. The patrons mostly consisted of Filipinos who love to sing karaoke.
2	We went with a large group and ordered a bunch of food for 16 people. The food was overpriced and super salty - probably full of MSG. On top of that they charge per soda !!! (No refills - and they only have Coke/Diet Coke & Sprite).Neither did they accomodate us with our request for upbeat music - our group were the only people in the place.We will not be back, that's for sure.Positives: The calamari is super-yummy and we still had a good time as a group
4	Love this Place..Friendly people, Love the Kareoke and Dancing... Abit too Loud for Dinner but dont mid..:) Dont know if for Family outing ;never been here during the day, but Great for  Late night weekend....Food, Dancing, &Karaoke
5	This place is a club that serve dine ins as well where their sisig is just to die for.
4	I really like the place.  I go on Thursday to the ballroom dance night.  They also have it on Monday I believe.  Also, I have eaten there a number of times and everything is excellent.  Good place for a bithday or party especially if your from the Phillipines.
2	My half-Filipino-ness loves deep-fried pork goodness from this place such as crispy pata and sisig.  Last Friday, my big sis was craving for some sisig.  I've been to Cafe Moda before and have experienced how loud this place gets at night so I suggested we call in a to-go order.  After trying to talk my sister out of eating here, we ended up eating at the bar since the tables were blocked off for a kid's birthay party (yeah, a kid's birthday party on a Friday night).  As predicted, the place was obnoxiously loud.  The dj had a thick Filipino accent and was saying stuff like "happy bird day (happy birthday with a Filipino accent)...you guys wanna dance IN the dance PLOR?"    *CRINGE!!!*The food couldn't come soon enough!  Then the dj started urging people to do karaoke!  OH HELL NO!  The server/bar tender was too busy trying to flirt with every guy there and flipping her hair.  This place is stright up tacky! If I didn't love my sister, I wouldn't have eaten here.  But I'm sure she learned her lesson: call for a to-go order!But then again, their sisig is the best!  The crispy pata is excellent here too.
2	What? $8 a shot and almost $15 for a drink?! This aint the strip!Food is good, very Filipino. Actually, it is Filipino! I always get their sisig. Went here during lent and my religious friends couldn't eat pork. Damn it. So tried the chicken sisig instead, it's still delicious and tastes like pork!2 stars because of the pricing...come on, I consider this place a dive bar. It ain't that classy! Service is aiiggghht. Drinks are aiiggghht. Still, 2 stars. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot!
3	I just came back from studying from the phil. And i felt like i was back in manila when we went to cafe moda. People singing karaoke and feel of the place brought me back to my college days in manila. As for the food, i personally have had better but it the food was good. The serving sizes are american sizes and the price is just right. Cute and friendly waitress. :) cafe moda is a great place to experience the Philippines in Nevada.
4	Hang here! Mama Lu will take care of you!A friend and I came here based on a recommendation from a co-worker last Thursday night. I was a little hesitant to come, since parking at this plaza is usually a nightmare. We found a spot right across from Cafe Moda and walked in. There was a bouncer at the door, no cover, and maybe only 8 people in the entire place. The place is a restaurant by day and a karaoke dance floor/bar at night. Despite the small crowd, I had a blast watching the drunk regulars singing their hearts out on the karaoke machine. We chatted it up with the manager and she told us that everyone calls her Mama Lu. She brought us some Sisig to try with our drinks and it was delicious. She introduced us to the other regular customers and the servers and really made us feel at home. I've decided to make this my friendly neighborhood bar! A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
3	Came here to verify that the sisig was as good as everybody claimed it to be. I gotta say that they were spot on. Me and the wifey came on a Thursday night at about 9:15. First thing I noticed as we walked in was the blaring music they were playing and people that were dancing ballroom style. For a second I thought we went in through the wrong door because outside it wasn't marked clearly. Once we were greeted by the hostess and was led to our table, we weren't too sure if we should eat there or take our food to go. Since we really didn't want to wait til we got home to eat, we decided to tolerate the club style ambiance and ordered it for there. Im kind of glad we stayed because what happened next was really something you cant forget.We ordered Pork Sisig and Tokwat Baboy. As we were waiting for our order, we were watching all the peeps that were on the dance floor do their thing. Now I wasn't sure if this was a typical Thursday night because upon looking further, we noticed the crowd was a mix of young and old folks. The DJ was playing a mix of fast moving songs from the 60's to today. Didn't matter what he played, everybody on the dance floor did their thing. What really caught my eye was when they played "Gangnam Style". I kid you not I swear I saw at least 2 old ladies that could have been my grandma doing the dance like they were Psy themselves! Wow. Dinner and a show!So we finally get our food. If you refer to my pics, these two dishes alone could have fed at least 4 people so we knew we were gonna have leftovers for the next day which wasn't a bad thing. Of course we had steamed rice to go along with it so if you think we were gonna eat it just by itself than you are so wrong.Service was mediocre. Our server came by every so often to check up on us but it seemed like forever in between those times.The food itself was definitely worth it just going there. Only thing is, I think its a bit pricey. The Sisig was 13 bucks and the Tokwat Baboy was 11 bucks. At some other Filipino places, it was definitely cheaper.So in my opinion, if you don't mind the loud, blaring music and the out of tune karaoke singers, then eating here should be ok for you. Otherwise, call ahead and get your food to go.
2	Went here for a party. They already had all the tables set up with plates and water. I don't really like that. From my entrance intro the building, I already had mediocre opinions on this place. Tap water was disgusting! I don't recommend drinking it at all. I don't even think lemons could save this one! Had to drink soda instead because I didn't want any alcoholic drinks. Food was okay. Karaoke was loud, but people seemed to be enjoying it. Bathrooms were not that great - with the foot traffic, they should at least flush adequately. Nope...Don't think that I'll return anytime.
3	Ended my early birthday party here at Cafe Moda since we were shooting pool right nearby couple doors down. I never been here before but went too few of the restaurant in this little shopping mall and always thought from the name of more coffee shop. BOY talk about farther from the truth! It more like club at night. They do serve food but really here too dance the rest of the night away or look at other people getting their grove on. My first impression was I know not no strip club so not expect all the glamour or high tech stuff. They still have dg that was playing all the current catchy songs too some old ones. The place is pretty dark dark and if looking too meet someone good luck, You need night vision goggles too find them. Since low ceiling the place can get fairly loud so conversations need too shout in the ear. (really is it that much difference then club on the strip?). The drinks price I thought was fair but too be honest not much of club club person. I believe they take song requests and certain nights they have karaoke most nights?? The dance floor is actually decent size for the small location. Once it gets packed really hard too find table area so want hang out all night best too get there early. Cafe Moda definitely has its own personality and if looking too mix things up get away from the strip club or the cover charge Cafe Moda great choice. I would go get my grove on here again.
4	Put your hot shoes on because this place knows how to party! I have never tried Filipino food before until now. Nothing says fun like great food, drinks and music. On some nights its karaoke night and other nights its top 40. Aside from the restaurant side, there is also a full bar. Never have I ever been to a place like Cafe Moda before, I never knew it was such a exciting place to be. They have a huge dance floor in the center of the room to let loose and dance the night away. I also hope you love line dancing ;) !
3	Updated review: I came here to celebrate my bday with some friends and coworkers (who I trust, shame aint it? lol). I knew what I wanted to eat, Sisig! The food is delish. Ok, one would think with regular ol soda there would be refills right? Boy, was I wrong. Majoring in culinary arts, that's the one thing I learned in purchasing, sodas are the only thing that really dont hurt a business, everything else? yeah. Of course I sang a few songs. Negative: Small dessert section. Charging extra for refills. Oh if you go as a group and have your check split, Dont count on it. I did have a good time at the place, but its rather frustrating to have an establishment not to bend a lil. I mean what are they, AZ when it comes to the new law?anywho, I have yet to find a good karaoke asian place on the east side o town.
4	After 2 years of trying to come here late night, I finally made it on a chill Sunday night out.  Drais always wins for the after party...lol.  But, FINALLY, I got to try the infamous sisig that my (once local) BFF raves about....and it did not disappoint.  YUM!  The hot, crunchy sisig here is the bomb.com....and that's sober!  I can only imagine after a night of drunken dancing.  It can get a little salty after awhile, but that comes with the filipino deep-fried food territory.  The lechon kwali is also delish and packs a crunch, which I'm all about!  All in all, this place is great for food.  It also is/turns into a club for dancing and hosts karaoke...super random, but I can see how it would be a spot for locals or anyone who is over the strip.  Sketchy area, but I will def be back...for food and maybe a song if I ever choose to come here over drai's one night...
5	I m not filipino but I luv their sisig, it s so good and I want to say it s the best sisig in town
3	I was duped!!!! Lack of karaoke. DJ talks too much. If I wanted to go to a club, I'd have gone to one. The food is the saving grace.
1	My family came here for dinner and honestly, I don't what all the fuss about this place is all about.  I would be ashamed to call this Filipino food.  For starters, a soda cost $3, thinking that it come with refills.  Wrong!  The sisig was terrible and the kare kare sauce tasted like a VERY lightly flavored peanut water and just as thin!  The bulaklak was even worse!  So much fat on there it tasted like I was biting into bacon grease!  Rice wasn't included, either.Overall, the food was very disappointing and very tasteless.  We left leaving most of the food on the plate.  It was that bad!  I have eaten REAL Filipino food in the province in the Philippines many times before.I will NEVER be back to this tasteless, overly high priced restaurant ever again.  To those people who think that this place has great food, more power to you but this is not authentic Filipino food...
1	sisig is good but the service sucks and they have NO refills...i know it's a Filipino bar but seriously this is NOT the fckn Philippines! quit being CHEAP!
5	If you like ballroom dancing, then this is the best place for a party.  Had a party last week, great time, good food, lots of fun.
5	Reminded me of my mother and grandmother. Filipino reunion for the win! I love courgars!!!
5	nice!
1	This place is absolutely horrible! 1 the service is just horrible, our waiter practically ignored us all night with our drinks empty and we had to ask her multiple times to get refills. 2 we ordered our food and it took forever to come out. I mean like 40 min with only 2 tables next to us and others dancing so that has absolutely no excuse for the kitchen to be taking so long to make our food. 3 when we try to pay our bill (which was only 38 dollars) I only had a 50 which is relatively close to the bill and our waiter said they didnt have change in the drawer, I mean its a 12 dollar change!!! What kind of a restraunt doesnt have 12 dollars change in the cash drawer?!?!? Well thats my experience of this place and it was absolutely fucking horrible. I wish I could put zero stars.
2	It's loud here. Don't come here thinking you can quietly eat and actually enjoy your meal. And hopefully you do not get the corner seat which consists of a coffee table and a sofa or folding chairs which is conveniently located behind the blasting speakers. The food gets two extra bonus stars because it's good.
4	Went there for the first time last night  with my boyfriend and a few friends and I had lots of fun and the food was good..would definitely recommend this place to everyone!!!!!!
4	WHO: I have seen people of all ages come into this spot, so EVERYONE IS WELCOME!WHY: the sole reason I always keep going back is their amazing PORK SISIG!! It is definitely ON POINT!WHAT: first thing's first.... This place is definitely a good time!! Every single time I decide to have my sisig, FUN seems to come and join, lol.Since it is open so late, I tend to always end up there at night. I still haven't been there during the day, but I believe it just a regular restaurant during the day, but a restaurant slash party at night.There is either karaoke night and or a dj playing some good music, and everyone dancing on the dance floor. It's a good place to bring your friends for some good Filipino food!! The food I have gotten to try (explaining these will now be the challenge):PORK SISIG- this is crispy pork with vinegar and a lemony zesty goodness aka MY FAVORITETOKWAT BABOY- this is also crispy pork with tofu, and vinegar soup, so good with white rice!LOMI LOMI- thick rice noodles with a creamy soup and veggiesI still have to try a few more food when I do crave Filipino food, and also if my mama doesn't cook it, so hopefully I try something else next time.... Hopefully!!! :)
5	Best sisig ever! It's my guilty pleasure. Soooo bad for you, but soooo good! So who cares?!The bartender is on top of it & super friendly. Love all the staff here. I love coming here on ballroom night. Which is Thursday's, I think. It's nice watching everyone having a good time.
1	For the takeout I had picked up a few days ago I can say I was not pleased. The rice was burnt to crisp, the pork was fatty with little to no meat, and the soup tasted rotten. I must explore the different Filipino food options here in Las Vegas, but this restaurant is definitely not the place to go. The interior is really ghetto and out of date as well. The lady who helped me was really rude and there was a 15 minute delay when picking up my items.
2	This place is comically bizarre. The more drinks, the more comedic it all becomes.I've been a couple times with my coworkers, as they like to dance and drink after work. They get off late, so it's a decent casual venue. The crowd is middle aged.We once ordered food. The only thing memorable was some fried chicken wings. I'll admit that I don't know much about Filipino food though, so whatever else made it to the table was lost.The servers can seem a little lost as well.It's one of those places where if you're buzzed, with good people, and everyone's dancing, then sure, it can be fun. I would never go here otherwise...
2	It took us a while to find something we could eat to order. A half an hour after our order was finally taken our server came to tell us that what we had ordered was unavailable!!!I was furious but convinced to stay.What we eventually had was OK and priced OK.The Karakoe-ers weren't bad but the dance floor was too sticky to spin.We'll go back if invited but won't on our own.
3	My wife is filipino, we like to go to this place for the karaoke/music as well as the food...Overall, not to bad, similar to an old fashioned manilla nightclub you'd find in Philippines...The interior ceilings need repair, especially in the farthest corner to the right by a TV where water is dripping...The men's bathroom has the "authentic" tight nasty bathroom appearance with smell...I think this bathroom was picked up from Olonogopo from back in the 80's...Service is a PLUS with waitress's ready to go to work!
1	Worst service ever! We went there dinner and karaoke last night and our waitress only had 2 other tables to wait on and she is unprofessional and unattended. She took our and never came back to check on us. She left out our food order and didn't even bother to fix it. When we had more people to join our party, she rolled her eyes at our table and didn't even want to serve us. We had to end up getting our drinks at the bar. From what she told us, she's been working there for 10 years and she's 43 years old with long hair. Place is so run down. It looks like a crack house. The food isn't good either! Please don't waste your timing going here!
