4	This place is great. I just moved to PHX and I've been looking for a good Thai restaurant that serves up the real deal. I've been a few times to make sure that it deserves the 4 stars, and it does. It's fresh, friendly and delicious. It's definitely not a "let's go out on a Friday night" place, but it's great for lunch and low key dinners. I don't eat meat, so I can't vouch for that, but the shrimp dishes are really good.
4	I found a good one!Thanks to the reviews from Josh and Megan, I remembered Sala Thai Restaurant when I was craving thai food for dinner last night.  I wanted to try something new and it worked out well because Sala is located not too far from REI where I was headed to do some holiday shopping.  Sala provided me with a pleasantly full belly and fueled me for my shopping.When I pulled into the parking lot, Sala was easy to see thanks to the fact that their lighting inside is extremely bright.  They are located next door to a martial arts studio and I could hear the people over there doing their thing a couple of times during my dinner... not necessarily distracting, but enough to make other yelpers aware of!A friendly thai woman welcomed me when I walked in and told me to sit down where ever I wanted... I took note of her authentic fuschia thai outfit and was pleased with the fact that she followed me over to clean the table thoroughly before I sat down.  As I waited, I took note of some of the thai artwork on the walls and some letters from children - thanking the people at Sala for a 'cultural experience.'  I assumed from this that Sala had hosted some kind of dinner for elementary students and their families; very cool.The menu is extensive and I had a hard time deciding what to order... everything looked really good!  There were several items that I had never seen on a thai menu before such as several entrees with pumpkin and a thai omelet.  That is the problem with dining solo at a thai restaurant - you don't get to share and try different dishes.  I enjoyed looking at the menu and the pictures of select dishes as well.  Please note - Sala Thai does not serve alcohol.  They do offer fresh fruit thai mocktails and thai iced coffee and tea.  After much debate, I went with #10 to start - Thai Salad with Peanut Sauce and #84 - Spicy Eggplant with Shrimp.  I was really happy with the salad; It tasted fresh and included lettuce, tomato, cucumber, carrots, onions, and red peppers.  The peanut Sauce was served on the side and it was sweet, creamy, and the perfect sauce to compliment the salad.  I ordered the Eggplant with 'medium' spice.  This was plenty!  I tend to like spice, but next time I may even order mild-medium.  I was happy they served me plenty of white rice to balance the spice of the dish...Serving sizes were generous and I had leftovers to take home.  I cannot wait to return and try some of the other menu items as well.  This is the perfect place to go on a weeknight if you're in the mood for a casual thai dinner.  Next time, however, I'm bringing friends!
4	Being from the food capital of the world, San Francisco, I am a second degree food snob.  I was stranded by circumstance in Phoenix for 18 months and couldn't find decent Asian cuisine.  Practically everything in Arizona is a chain.I was very happy when Sala opened up in our neighborhood in 2006(?)  They let you order on a 1 to 5 scale of spiciness.  Being that people in the area had such sensitive tastebuds, we took a chance on the 4 and we were so happy.  The green bean dish with beef was out of this world - a nice balance of lemongrass, basil and heat.  Their green curry with chicken is bursting with fresh vegetables picked up from the farmer's market that morning.  The service is quick and efficient.  Towards the end of our stay in Phoenix, our little hole in the wall became increasingly crowded.  Going on a weeknight is a much better idea.  It's hard to keep a great place like this a secret for too long!
5	A great neighborhood restaurant with quality food, nice atmosphere, and no attitude.  I love to support independent, non-chain restaurants and when Sala Thai opened up in my neighborhood, I was very excited.  I've eaten there over 10 times so far.It's a great place to introduce Thai food "newbies" because the food is great and the menu has lots of photos of the entrees.No complaints about the food.  And reasonably priced too.Appetizers worth sampling:  spring rolls, chicken satay, and tofuEntrees worth trying:  pad thai, pad see-u, curry dishesI saw a complaint here about the time it took to receive their food.  The restaurant features a glass wall looking into the kitchen.  They make all of their entrees to order; that's why it takes longer.  I will gladly wait another 10 minutes knowing I'm getting freshly prepared food.One final note:  the restaurant is getting popular so watch out for a full restaurant during on-peak hours.  Dinner service starts at 5pm and I've seen it fill up by 5:30pm on weekends.
4	I'm not going to reinvent the wheel here.  A young child's message stapled to the dining room wall says it better than I ever could:"Thanks for leting us come to your rest rant.  it was god.  i eat my hole plate.from kevin"Indeed.
4	So I was born in Bangkok and lived there till I was seven, I may have forgotten my Thai language, but the flavors and foods are seared into me forever.There is something that most Americans don't really understand about Thai food.  Everyone has their own take on recipes.  American food was like that at one point as well... thank goodness we still have our differences in BBQ styles...  anyway the point is what makes one Thai restaurant better than another is mostly preference, not authenticity.That being said, Sala Thai's cuisine is the closest thing I have found to the delightful flavors of my youth.  There flavor's are all spot on and exactly the way they should be.  There ingredients are great quality (Where do they find kale that sweet!?!?) and make the food that much better.  There Prices are ridiculously low!  What is not to like about this place?What you will get if you dine here;Friendly service (they are Thai, I don't think they know how to not be friendly), Excellent food (flavor and quality), at the best prices!What you wont get;Anything Fancy, and you shouldn't Thai food is enough in and of itself!Anyways check it out you wont be disappointed.  If it is to far West for you can check out Swaddee, though it is more expensive..*edit*  The food is still great but the prices have gone up to the point where it isn't the same killer value it once was... still, great Thai food.
5	thanks to Yelp we found Sala Thai after 5 years of living in our neighborhood. This place is super awesome! The food is amazing, its one of our weekly go-to's now. I am addicted to the Pad Thai. Their homemade ice cream is the best ice cream I have ever had. The inside of the restaurant is a basic strip mall layout, no frills, but the yummy food and super sweet owners make eating there worth it.
4	If you're going to Sala Thai on a Sunday and meeting other people you would do well to remember that there is light traffic on Sunday and you will get here early.  If you get here early, there is a Big Lots down the street where you can spend a few minutes soaking up an almost permeable seedy feeling.  Or not.  I would opt for not.  Or you can do what our dinner partners did and visit a dive bar for a drink.  It's just as well because Sala Thai does not serve alcohol.  I'm looking forward to the review on that one, Christine.  No pressure.I was excited to try Sala Thai after seeing numerous strong reviews.  Overall, they did not disappoint.We started with pork satay.  We had not seen satay offered in pork.  This was the least satisfying of the selections we had.  The pork was a little chewy and the yellow curry just didn't seem to go well with the pork.We all shared four entrees.  We had spicy basil fried rice which was delightful and probably my favorite item overall.  I am hoping to have that again soon.  It had a nice balance of spice and fresh basil that was refreshing.  The catfish with panang curry was very nice.  It was the largest catfish fillet I have seen, cooked quickly so as to sear it lightly and some crispiness on the outside while remaining moist and tender inside.  It was heavily sauced and we ordered 4 out of 5 on the spiciness scale.  I think everyone at the table fought off a reflexive sneeze with the first bite of that one.  I would like to see how hot the 5 is, but keep in mind the 4 is pretty hot.We also had pad thai which for me is a bit of a benchmark dish.  Sala Thai's was unique and very good.  Not overly sweet and with just the faintest hint of smokiness in the pepper flavor, rather complex for pad thai.  Rounding out the tour de Sala Thai was a duck curry with coconut milk, red chili paste, pineapple, basil, tomato and onion.  I'm not a fan of duck but this was very good.  I had several pieces of the duck and plenty of the sauce ladled over my steamed rice.I recommend Sala Thai.  The sauces were so flavorful that Myles M and I mortified Christine O and Audrey W by licking clean every serving dish on the table.  Not really, but it was close.
4	Sala Thai was the latest stop on my husband's and my quest for the holy grail, a.k.a. our search to find satisfying and authentic Thai food in Phoenix. I must say that Sala Thai is among the best places we've tried since we arrived here from California. We met Jim W and Audrey W (our fellow voyagers on our Thai food search) for dinner at Sala last Sunday night. As Jim mentioned in his review, Sala Thai isn't nearly as far away from South Phoenix or Chandler as you would think it is, especially on a weekend night when traffic is minimal. The restaurant was decently crowded when we arrived, but we got a nice booth just a minute or so after. It took us a while to decide what to order as the menu was huge and had a lot of new, interesting dishes like the "Thai Egg Bomb" (think Thai omelette, not the sulphuric smell released after eating too much Pad See Ew). After a long deliberation (thank you to our waitress for being patient with us!), we selected the pork satay appetizer, Pad Thai with chicken, catfish Panang curry, spicy basil fried rice with beef, and the duck curry. Just as at Swaddee (our favorite Thai place so far), we were asked to select a spiciness level from 1 - 5. We picked a different level for each dish, so we could see what the range of spiciness was like. Well, as Jim also mentioned in his review, the pork satay was disappointing - while the peanut sauce was great and not too sweet, the pork was overdone and chewy. The duck curry was decent, although it was a little milky for my taste. I prefer my curry to have a thicker consistency and less coconut milk. The duck was great, though, with a nice crispy skin. Similarly, the crispy catfish topped with panang curry could have been improved with a thicker and more intense curry. The fish was good-quality, however, and was definitely a nice mild compliment to the curry's spiciness. The real stand-outs for me were the basil fried rice and the Pad Thai. The Pad Thai had an almost meaty flavor to it (must be a different regional version of the dish than the sweet/sour or peanuty versions that are served at most Thai places), and was just the right level of sauciness. I was also impressed with the quality of the chicken. The basil fried rice was outstanding as well - the beef was perfectly tender and flavorful, and the crispy bits of basil added a wonderful flavor. Since the curries are what keep me coming back to a Thai place, I was a little disappointed that Sala's weren't as good as those I've had elsewhere in the area. However, our meal was highly flavorful and enjoyable, and I would definitely rank Sala up towards the top of the places we've tried in Phoenix (see my list at http://www.yelp.com/list_details?list_id=Pa46iQOM92L75uQoyyuRlQ). Jim and Audrey - I look forward to the next stop on our tour!
5	So far, my favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix.  I faced a lot of disappointments and mediocrity before I found Thai Lahna and crowned it my valley favorite, but while I have enjoyed consistently good Thai at Thai Lahna, I have never gotten that glorious rush from eating their food.  The first time I tried anything from Sala Thai, my girlfriend ordered me Green Curry to go after dining there with her mother.  When she requested it Thai Hot, the server politely giggled behind her hand.  That curry was the single spiciest thing I have ever eaten.  I am accustomed to spice, but the girl took one bite and promptly ate two slices of bread to cool her esophagus.  I don't know if the spice dispenser malfunctioned, or they felt like messing with us or what, but it was basically a little cardboard trapezoid of napalm.  Even then, the delicate, sweet, earthy, volcanic flavors of their green curry came through.  A week or so later I found an excuse to try a visit to Sala in person.  I am often crippled by extensive menus, I find myself agonizing over the whole concept of "But what if one of my all-time favorite dishes is on this menu, but I choose the wrong thing and never come back, and my life is .003% less satisfying...", and the Sala Thai menu features pictures that make everything look delicious.  Ultimately I chose to go with Spicy Eggplant, which is out of character for me, because in trying any new Thai restaurant, my two defaults to establish a barometer are Green Curry and Pad Thai.  If you get those right, I trust you to do everything else.  So my Spicy Eggplant hits the table...you know those moments when food looks so spectacular that you're almost embarassed to defile it by eating it?  That was the case here, and not because it used fancy technique or elaborate chef-driven painting with sauces, but because the produce was so fresh, and the balance of colors so gorgeous, it essentially became some sort of accidental, outsider pop art.   Or something.  The important part is that it was exquisitely delicious.  The eggplant's texture was silky as it should be, the balance of sweet, savory, earthy and spicy was perfect, the rice was the proper consistency..it was what I want Thai food to be.  I have not been to Thailand, I have no close friends or relatives of Thai descent, I haven't read an encyclopedia of Thai cooking.  I only know that my mouth and belly left pleased as they have been by no other Thai place in town, and that is good enough for me.
5	I gave Sala Thai four stars the first time I reviewed it. I don't know what I was thinking.
4	I went here for the first time on my birthday, and tried it again a few days ago. I've tried the chicken satay, egg rolls, Thai iced tea, pad Thai, Thai BBQ chicken, and the fried banana dessert with coconut ice cream. None of it disappointed. The wait staff are very friendly, the restaurant is clean, and the prices are reasonable.I'm sure I'll continue to go back - if you go, definitely do the dessert - it's DELICIOUS!Also, if you have a big party, you might have a tough time here unless you don't mind being split up - they have a few tables, but it's mostly booths that comfortably seat 2-4 adults.
4	Tasty pumpkin shrimp curry, but I didn't like their pad thai that much.Big fan of everything they fry, and I'm not usually so much for fried food. Their wontons and fried banana dessert with coconut ice cream were crunchy and perfectly formed. Drinks were also great. Prompt service and good prices.
3	3.5 actuallySala Thai is small and cute.They have fresh spring rolls and deep friend which I like to have the option.The fresh and mighty tasty and the sauce for dipping is good too.The Paw Se Ew is great and I used to like the Red Shrimp Curry but lately it has been bland, oh well.I like the Pad Thai too.Fried bananas and icecream dessert is good, but not as good as in Thailand, but I will still order it again!No beer, but they let you BYOB, so I can't compLain.Service always friendly and a great place to get take out.
4	Really excited to have a new place to dine near home. Went tonight and I wasn't very hungry and really wasn't in the mood for jack, but had plans to meet a friend. So I perused their expansive menu and saw about 10 things I thought might be really good! Decided to try something off-the-wall with the thai omelette; meat, peas, carrots, and glass noddles inside egg? Why not!?  It was really quite good and did a great job of bringing me out my funk without trying to bowl me over.The place was a small strip-mall location, but it was busy when there wasn't anyone in sight at the places around it. I'm not a Thai food connousieur, so I can't vouch for the authenticity. All I know is I had a good meal for a reasonable price and I'll go to bed happy knowing that I have a new dinner option nearby.
2	now a 2the shrimp red curry and pad thai have now gone further down hill, lacking the flavors they used to have.The Tom Yum soup?  horrible, so fishy.We were so excite last night to go but I don't think we can go back.
4	The best THAI food in Phoenix!Price a bit on the high side  though considering this is just a small eatery. Their menu is both expansive and expensive.Anyways, the good news is their food is GOOD!i am speechless.......nothing at all to say cuz my stomach is still FULL!kudos to their chef!
4	Every Thai place I always get the same item(at least once). That makes comparing much easier. I always get the Spicy Basil w/Tofu and brown rice(if you don't have brown rice then you get deducted at least a star and DON'T tell me brown rice and white rice are nutritionally the same, really? Read a book! ). Sometimes I throw on a side of steam Broccoli for good measure but not always. Sala is the closest decent Thai place to where we currently live so I would say we frequent Sala more then any other Thai place in the Valley.We get take out 50% of the time and eat in the other times. Only once can I think of that the order was jacked up at all(no brown rice). Usually service is quick and no hassle. Food is quite consistent, sometimes the vegetables on the dish change, but it's always a surprise and works so why not!They have the typical decent veg/vegan selection and will do a fish sauce replacement(plum I think) if you ask. My only minor complaint is that sometimes the heat level is not consistent, I like it HOT but Thai Hot some places is HOTTTTT, other places its just mild. Usually if I ask for hot, it's a good level but sometimes it is off(usually weak). I won't say it's my favorite Thai place in the valley but it is in the top 3 for sure (at least top 5...yeah top 5) and I have given them plenty of times to disappoint.
4	This is an excellent little Thai joint, great for takeout, excellent Tom Kha Gai, Pad Thai is OK, Love the fresh spring rolls.  I'm a huge fan.
3	This is one of those rare reviews I will write that SG does not agree. We typically feel the same way on restaurants and the food. I actually think he would give this place a 4 or 4 1/2. That being said, I am writing my review and you will get my perspective. He's on his own.Staying in Scottsdale, we found ourselves not having to have dinner with the crew. YA, no bar food. This was our opportunity to have good food of our choice without having to deal with all those guys. So, yelp on the mission to find something not too far from our resort with good ratings. Sala Thai came up fairly highly ranked and pretty darn close (and open a bit later on a weeknight, as it was around 8pm).This place is in a little strip mall, small and hard to find if you are not looking for a store front. Someone had made reference to it in their review, so we did not have much trouble. We pulled on in and walked in to be seated. The place has lots of greenery and Thai decorations. All the seating appeared to be in booths though there may have been a table or two toward the back. There were quite a few people here as well, but we were seated right away. The menus have lots of pictures and some very creative drink options. We ordered a slushy thai tea to share and continued to look at the menu. There were quite a few creative Thai dishes that you do not see other places and we decided that we would stray just a little from our norm. I was dead set on papaya salad, since I felt I needed some fruit after all the bar food I had been eating. We also ordered pad see ew beef and pumpkin chicken. The drink took forever to come. I think there may have been only one person in the back cooking, though there were two young people hostessing and taking orders. The food arrived close to the same time as the drink. The papaya salad, though we ordered medium spicy, was HOT HOT HOT. We were both dying. We usually can tolerate spicy, but this was almost too hot to eat. We did not even finish what was on the plate and typically I would eat that more than the other stuff. The Pad see ew  was ok, not as good as would have liked. Just not as flavorful. The pumpkin chicken was good. Different. I picked out and ate most of the pumpkin. I just felt very unsatisfied by the meal. The food was just ok. I have had so much good Thai food that this one just did not live up to my standards. So much for a good non-bar food night. But at least the Thai tea was great, once it came. Maybe we just did not order the right stuff and should have ordered mild on the spice for the papaya salad. I am sure there are other Thai places in the area, so I will likely not go back (even if SG voted to go back).
2	Good in a pinch, but nothing to write home about. For very good Thai food, check out Thai-Lana on Indian School.
4	Looking for some good Thai food I came across this restaurant.  I was quite impressed with this place.   Another restaurant located in a boring strip center, but what else is new for the Phoenix metro.The decor is very appealing and the music playing in the background adds to the experience.  The service is great and helpful.  We all know we come for the food though.  Portions were just about the right size and full of the spicy flavors that I was looking for.When I'm in the area I'll have to check this place out again and would recommend the restaurant to anyone who likes Thai food.
4	I LOVE Sala.. and you dont have to be a Bala to go & feast.. I will say that the medium spice.. dang.. shouldve gotten the mild.. but had the Panang & pineapple fried rice.. awesome food.. mediocre service.. but Ill take it.. just with a lot of water..:-)
4	I visited Sala Thai with a friend and I had the Pad Thai.  Food was pretty tasty and very filling.  It had a nice tang but I might have preferred to have a fork and knife to cut the very long noodles with.  Other than that I'd definitely visit again.
5	I decided to try this place after reading the reviews on yelp. I had the beef with brocolli with steamed rice and the beef satay. Their food was delicious and it's probably one of the best that I have had in awhile. I'm very glad that I tried this place out and I will definitely be returning :).
4	You gotta love a small family owned Thai restaurant smack in the middle of a nondescript strip mall fashioned out of an old franchise sandwich shop!  Let's face it sometimes the best food comes out of places like this.....and it's pretty good.  Service is pretty harried and unsure of itself but, hey they sure smile alot!  Being our first time there, we didn't really know the drill, somehow I missed the special board on the way in...will be back for those!  We had the Shrimp Rolls, BBq Pork Spareribs and the Chicken Panang Curry...it was all good!   Looking forward to a return trip and trying the more traditional Thai dishes....oh and I am a Thai Iced Tea addict :) and Sala's makes a good one!
4	Ah Sala Thai.. I've seen you grow from a newly opened awkward teenager to the busy mature establishment you are today. I'm lucky enough to live a few blocks from this place. I spotted it a week or so after it first opened and dragged a few friends there. I could tell and mentioned to the group that I knew this place would do well if they could stay a float and get the word out. Only wish I yelped back then so I could have been more help in the process.When we ate there we were the only ones in the resturaunt. The kitchen at the time was manned soley by the grandmother and one of the daughters was taking orders and busing. Saturday we got in there to a packed house.. got the last open booth within 15 minutes a line formed out the door. The phone was ringing off the hook for pickup orders. The back area of the kitchen had 3 or 4 people in a mad rush turning out food. One of which was still the grandmother :) I was a little sad to see the prices jumped up and the portions went down but there was still plenty of food. The menu had also expanded largely.What we were lucky enough to eat:Thai Spring Rolls:Veggies wrapped up in a soft chewy rice wrapper served with a housin/peanut that would make shoe leather taste amazing. All the veggies were very fresh and crunchy which lent a great texture. The mint!! man do I love the fact that these have the crazy contrasting flavor of mint. Thai food is such a celebration of marrying sweet and savory flavors.Fried Tofu:Quickest way to ruin something semi health is to batter and fry it :) but it is worth it. The crispy coating against the soft warm tofu is a great combination. Also served with that great plum/peanut sauce.Tom Kha Gai:I've had this soup all over the country, various places in the UK and in New Zealand. Sala Thai and the little place in New Zealand have the best version so far. So spicy from the peppers, sweet from the coconut, intense ginger and lemon grass flavor. Just remembering this dish is what steered me here for my Saturday cheat meal. The soup is filled with large pieces of lemon grass and dried ginger so be cautious. You don't want to chomp down on either of these but I also wouldn't want them to leave it out.Panang Chicken Curry:My absolute favorite dish of the evening. This curry is made from coconut cream instead of coconut milk. It lends an incredibly rich creamy smooth finish. You have sweet, spicy and creamy. What else could you want from a dish? I've only recently discovered my love for panang I used to do for red, yellow or green but glad I expanded my horizon.Spicy Pumpkin Curry:This was my buddy Chris' pick. It was a red based curry with large chunks of pumpkin in it. There was a hint of pumpkin flavor but nothing to crazy and not a lot of sweetness. Now I do realize that in America we tend to sugar the heck out of anything with pumpkin but when in season, which we are at the tail end of, have a nice natural sweetness. I would venture to guess canned pumpkin was involved. Not a bad dish but far from my favorite.Spicy Basil Fried Rice:Reading Jim W's review I decided to give this a try. It was very tasty. The texture of the rice was a bit mushy. The batch of steamed rice they used might have been a bit on the overdone side so the double cooking messed with the texture/consistency. Another great Thai marriage of flavors. Spicy from peppers, sweet from basil and richness from some peanut puree. Chris said it reminded him of pizza a bit, i looked at him funny. I took a few more bites and specifically one with a big piece of basil. I guess I could see it. There was some tomato flavor and the mixture of basil. Maybe a Thai pizza ;)Pad Thai:Its not that I don't like Pad Thai. I'm just not usually one to order noodle dishes. My dad who is a well seasoned traveler loves this dish and has had it in more countries then I'll likely visit. Many places all over Asia and Thailand. He said this one was very good so I'll have to take his word on it. What I can say is that the noodles were done well. They were not mushy still had a nice bite to them.Future Solo Meal:Thai Spring RollsTom Kha GaiPanang Chicken CurryThis was an A+ night.. with A+ food and B service. You can tell the girls were stressed and were doing the best they could so I can't get to upset at them. I tend to be much more understanding of under staffing at family run places. I would prefer them to run a bit slower then to hire people off the street who have nothing invested in the success of the place.Pros:Great FoodFriendly StaffInteresting AtmosphereCons:Slower Service When BusyVery limited seating. They have three tables and all the rest of them are 4 top booths. You are going to have a heck of a time with a group any larger then 4 at this place. They might be able to move a table and expand a booth to seat 7 but at dinner at a normal time your going to be waiting a long while for a booth and table to open up.Bit pricy for the portions
4	Returned again a couple of nights ago and the service was much better!  Had the Pad Thai, Shrimp Peanut Curry, and the Pork Ribs.  Pad Thai was good but, a little too much sugar for my taste....Shrimp Curry was delightfully good..the Pork Ribs are really good, especially with the sweat chili sauce!
4	Excellent yellow curry. Saw someone else ordered phad thai & it looked very nice. spring rolls were great, just the way they should be, good dipping sauce. Prices are very reasonable. very quiet & sufficient (though very small) restaurant, good for a casual date.
3	This place is definitely quite a ways outside downtown Phoenix.  The place is pretty small and does not accommodate large parties, but they adjusted the seating for us.Some of the dishes we ordered were the beef larb, tom yum seafood soup, curry shrimp, curry chicken, a chicken noodle dish and another seafood dish.  All were pretty average and nothing to rave about.They did have quite a variety of blended drinks and the coconut banana was pretty good.  The banana flavor was strong taking away from the coconut.
3	Food was good, typical Thai flavors. Service was slow and uninterested in us. Mocktails are a waste of money just get the regular drink for half price. The are just pouring thai tea in the blender with ice so it's watered down and slushy then charging double for it.  Dining area was pretty small with 1 booth outside.  It looks like they are expanding into the space next door so they may have room for larger groups in the future.
3	Okay so here's my dilemma...great food BUT they were recently on the dirty dining report...NINE VIOLATIONS.  OUCH.  I can see one or two, but NINE?  I want to have their Drunken Noodles and Panang Curry again but not until they get a much better report!  http://www.kpho.com/health/22798261/detail.html
5	My wife and I love this place.  Thankfully we live only a few blocks away. We order out  once a week, yum. It does get busy, so I try to time my order before 6pm. I like the fact that they are so calm, even when they are super busy.
3	We went to Sala Thai for my sisters birthday since she is a big fan of Thai food.  As for myself, i could do without curry, but will try not to let that influence my review.  When we got there, there seemed to be plenty of seating and the waitress seemed quite accommodating.  We ordered a ton of food including Tom Yum soup,pad Thai, pad Sui,  curry chicken, BBQ beef, and pineapple fried rice.  Like I said earlier, I'm not a huge fan of curry but i did try some and I liked it more than I normally do.  I did not however try the Tom Yum soup just because I don't like it in general.  The pad Thai and pad Sui (spelling?) was OK,  but I feel like I've had better.  What I did love however was the pineapple fried rice and BBQ beef.  I could not get enough of it!  I almost finished the entire serving of fried rice by itself.  So to sum up my review, if you are a fan of Thai food, I think you will enjoy it a lot (my sister swears by it and spent a year in Thailand). However,  I'm just not a huge fan of Thai food, and although they do offer a lot of neutral plates (BBQ plates come to mind), their specialty items I find are lacking.
5	They have my favorite Phad Thai in the valley! That is all I have had here, so if you are in to something else, you should look for more reviews. But if you love a spicy Phad Thai then you will love Sala Thai! I tried it after reading about them having won best Thai in Phoenix many years in a row by the Phoenix New Times, and I have to say that it seems well earned.
5	Great.  It's a nice little hole in the wall Thai place.  They make really great spring rolls and only had Pad Thai and Panang, but both are awesome!
5	I just love this place. Hard to find, but worth it.  The pumpkin curry is really interesting. Not ever had it before Sala, now it is one of my favorite dishes. The Ginger is also great.
2	Overall the food is good,and I LOVE spicy Thai, but when they ask you how spicy you want your food, they are WAY OFF on their number system. I always ask for a #4 on each plate hoping its spicy enough, but tollerable to eat and when I get my food, its not even a #1! This has happend to me at least 4 times, and it really sucks when I get all the way home with the Take-Out to figure this out. Now when I pick up my Take Out, I have to taste each container of food before I leave so I'm not disappointed.
4	This is one of our favorite Thai places and as we walked in tonight we were happy to see they have expanded!
4	They have just expanded the place.  I have eaten here for years through several owners.  The food is fresh and very flavorful.  The people are delightful.  Having spent some time in Thialand, the food is somewhat Americanized.  Service is fine.  Definatly a hole in the wall type of place, with good food, nice people and very casual atmosphere.
4	Thought I should do a little review on Sala Thai while enjoying my yummy leftovers from last night.  Eating the Lad Na straight from the box, cold!  The value blows my mind.  The freshest and most authentic Thai in my opinion.  And it's BYOB!  This is not a seen and be seen kind of place.  Go to Roka Akor is you are looking for that vibe.  Sala Thai is a little "mom and pop" gem where the focus is on delivering delicious Thai cuisine. The highlights for me are the shrimp pumpkin curry, egg bomb, and larb.  I get an endorphin rush every time I eat those dishes.  As of late we order take out from Sala every 2 weeks and are consistently blown away by how good the food tastes.  I have only 2 issues.  Their servers need to write down the ordered dishes.  Twice now we've had one particular server who has goofed up our order.  Don't mind waiting a bit for the kitchen to expedite a forgotten dish but when you have your 6 yr old and infant in tow you should NOT have to wait 45 min for your kid's dish to arrive (everything else on the table was too spicy).  They did comp us for the dish but I was glad that wasn't my first time in the restaurant or else we would have been robbed of frequenting the best thai place in the valley.    Second issue.  There needs to be some consistency with the heat scale.  Sometimes a "4" yields a dish that is only slightly spicy and other times a "4" is off the charts too hot.
4	By far my favorite Thai place in Arizona! I know this doesn't mean much by culinary standards because HEY, we're in Arizona - BUT, with that said, this is the place you want to be. My only wish is that the portions were larger. Coming by authentic Asian cuisine is difficult enough in this part of the world and when you find a good place, boy do they make you pay for it! I took a cue from my favorite local food blogger, Seth Chadwick, and ordered the spicy garlic chicken and spicy egg bomb. For egg sluts like me, the latter was HEAVEN! We also went with the tom kha gai soup which was an EXCELLENT choice and the best I've had out here. It's a bit of a drive from my Arcadia but well worth the trip!
3	Great experience!
5	Yummy yummy yummy.  I really enjoyed my experience at Sala!  The ingredients were high quality and the portions are huge.  The service isn't wonderful so go for the experience of amazing food not for the experience of the whole package.I got the Chicken Pad Thai, the Pa Nang Curry and brown rice.  Some of the best I have had.I highly recommend going to Sala if you want great thai food and a beautiful atmosphere.
4	I grew up on thai food. Always have a hard time finding a good place. I love their food here. I live way out in Surprise and when I'm in the mood to thai food I make the trip out to Sala thai. The staff is very friendly and the service is pretty quick too.
5	Great food.  Had the Chicken Pad Thai, and sweet and Sour Pork.  Great food, great price, and the ambiance was very chill.  I'll be back for sure.  It's hard to find good Pad Thai in Phoenix.
4	i usually get take out from this place. I've only tried the pineapple fried rice and pad see ew (which is the large flat noodles with beef). i usually get it extra spicy 4 out of 5 on the spicy scale. when they do make it spicy for me then it's really good. i think I've ordered from this place a total of 10 times and maybe 3 of the times they didn't make it spicy at all. it was bland and i had to put my own spices in it. i was so disappointed. it's gotten better though after i called and complained that when i order it spicy i mean it and not be disappointed when i get home.
1	Food is terrible. Obviously not consistent. But the service is terrible. Young girls serving who are rude. No please no thank you and they slam our stuff down. I wot e back. Goodness this food is terrible!
4	Seriously good curry. Serious. I'm not joking. I'm serious, the curry is very good. Usually when a restaurant has pictures of the food on the menu I become suspicious (think of Denny's and Village Inn), but here the photographs are not indicative of anything bad. In fact, the food looks good. Did I mention the curry is really good.
5	My wife and I went to Sala Thai  off of a friend's recommendation.  Normally we go to either Malee's or Swaddee Thai restaurants.We beat the Saturday evening rush which was in full swing by the time we were leaving.Our appetizer was Satay sticks.  They were pleasantly gingery and not overdone.   I loved the cucumber dipping sauce and peanut sauce.For entree I had the Drunken Noodles at Medium spiciness so I could share with my wife while  she had the Lard Na.  The  Drunken Noodles were delightfully spicy for Medium.   Many restaurants this would be 4 or 5 star spicy.  I loved it as the many flavors of the chicken and other spices were not overpowered by the heat.We also ordered Thai bbq sausage to split.  This was a delightfully smokey and spicy sausage  and a great compliment to our entrees.Overall the meal was great and the service  good despite being busy.On my next visit I  will  be trying their curry dishes and just maybe the Drunken Noodles but hot rather than medium.
3	I've given this restaurant 3 stars because I have now tried both locations, and BOY is there a big difference.  I've eaten at the Phoenix location twice; once for take-out and once to dine in.  Their food is quite good.  I found the quality of the curry and soups to be consistent.  The dishes were well prepared and very tasty.  The service in Phoenix was ok.  It can be a bit difficult to communicate, but not impossible.  Phoenix earns a 4.Goodyear is an entirely different experience.  I stopped there for lunch recently and was very surprised at the difference.  The young man serving tables was rather clueless.  He did not take orders correctly, missed items ordered, took dishes to the wrong tables, and loudly complained about the kitchen staff to customers.  It was AWFUL!  I wish I could send an email to management, but all they have on their website is phone numbers, and if I called I could end up talking to the person that gave us such a bad experience.  The food was not up to par, and Sala should be embarassed at the 'service'.  This location should get 1 star, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt that this was an isolated incident as I have only been to that location once.  Highly doubt I would try it again.
5	Wow! This is the best Thai food I've had since Thailand! The atmosphere is delightful, the servers smile and promptly greet you, and the food is absolutely incredible. Try the panang, yum yum.
5	This was our first time trying Sala Thai. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was very cute. I really appreciate that when they call a dish "hot" it really is HOT. We started out with the thai spring rolls with shrimp and for our entrees we had the Drunken noodle with chicken and the Red curry with seafood. Both dishes came out very quickly and were exactly what we were craving. I really like that they give you a big bowl of rice to share at the table and that the staff is very attentive. The portions are a good size that we had enough leftover for lunch the next day.For dessert we split the homemade coconut ice cream. It was so creamy and came with toasted coconut shavings on top. It was the perfect end to a spicy meal. I would highly recommend saving room for dessert and giving Sala Thai a try!
2	The location and atmosphere were promising, as was the open kitchen and friendly staff. Initially it felt like we were dining in Thailand (or it was like watching an episode of No Reservations). I actually found most of the food to be bland and flavorless, apart from the Pad Thai, which was just too darn sweet. The mussaman curry with beef could have used some spice, or even just some salt. The fried spring roll appetizer was perfect, but it took quite a while for the staff to take our entree order. I will be back, because I like the place and want to see them succeed, but when I ask for 4 out of 5 on the spiciness scale, please make the food have at least some kick to it? OK?
5	This is one of those places I crave. They serve all of my favorite thai food dishes! The basil fried rice is good and refreshing, and the egg bomb is amazing! The food is very spicy but they give you the standard 1-5 scale. I am a wimp so I usually opt for a "2."The Phoenix location is a little place in a little strip mall with a few booths. The decor is fun and festive and I've never had a problem being seated. Staff is always friendly and I always leave stuffed!
5	This is one of my and my husband's favorite restaurants in town. Every time we take someone there, they love it, too! And every time we try something new, it's better than the last thing. I typically get the Pad Thai, and my husband's fave is the Phad-See-Ew. I'm also a big fan of both the red and the green curry. You really can't go wrong here. They expanded maybe a year ago, so it's been updated a little, but the place is still small and doesn't look like much from the street (or the strip mall it's' in). Still, the service is always good and fast, and it's BYOB. Don't miss this hidden gem! PS. I like spicy, but a 2 ther (on a scale of 1-5) is still pretty hot.
2	We had takeout tonight.   . My wife had the Pad Thai, and it was tasteless.  I had a cashew with shrimp dish with 6 hotness but it wasn't very hot at all(They have a hotness scale of 1-5, so they should have known I was looking for something very spicy.)Krua Thai Cuisine restaurant is better.
5	We went here last night for dinner and once again had an amazing meal! Even on Sunday night this place was packed. The service is always friendly and the food is delicious!  Now that the weather is getting chilly I don't think there is anything more satisfying then spicy thai food. We usually get the red curry with seafood and the drunken noodles but it seemed like everyone around us was having one of the soups (either Tom Yum or Tom Kra Gai). They looked good so next time we will try one of those.
4	Another 3.5-er.  I'll make this quick since football's on:~ Basil fried rice - great~ Spring rolls - average~ Papaya salad - great~ Red curry chicken - good~ Chicken tom yum soup - good ~ Drunken noodles with beef - great~ Mocktails: we had one of each - mango, banana and pineapple banana.  The mango was the best.  There's no alcohol at this establishment, btw.  What good is a restaurant w/o alcohol?!
2	Not so good. They''ve expanded their dining area but the food is still mediocre at best for Thai food.  But then I'm spoiled I lived in Thailand for 8 months.
5	I have gone back and tried the curry on multiple occaisions.The Masuman curry is the best I have ever had.The red curry when ordered spicy is flavorful and brings the heat.The Thai fried rice is good too.
5	The food is great! I can eat at this place over and over again. Great Pad Thai and Cashew Chicken! Consistently very good.
5	I'm traveling cross-country with my parents from NYC and we were all really craving some yummy, authentic Thai food (Pam's Kitchen + Pongsri in NYC are both amazing and right up our alley).  Ended up going to Sala because of all the reviews. Have to say - we all loved it!  We got their basil fried rice based on the reviews - and it was awesome.  We also ordered the drunken noodles, the spicy basil leaves with soft tofu and another with chicken (minced).  Everything was delicious!  In fact, between the 3 of us, we finished almost everything.  Kind of ridiculous.  Also, 4 out of 5 (spicy level) was perfect.  We love spicy food and it was the perfect amount of heat.  I would equate it to medium spicy in NYC Thai restaurants, which is really quite spicy but perfect if you can handle heat.  Oh, and not sure about peoples' tastes but we don't love sugar in our Thai food - so if you're the same, be sure to let them know not to add extra sugar.  We forgot to do that and although some dishes were a tad sweet(er), we didn't particularly mind because of the heat.  Still, next time, I would say no sugar.Also, we ordered the coconut ice cream for dessert and it was great.  Subtle coconut flavor (not too essence-y) topped with toasted coconut.  Alsooo, the servers were really nice.  We arrived at like 8:45pm and despite closing at 9pm (kitchen closes), our server was super sweet.  Would definitely go back to Sala Thai if we're ever in the area again!!!!
4	Cute little restaurant tucked in a small strip mall.  Went here on a friend's recommendation.  The food we had: pad thai chicken, pad thai vegetarian, asparagus something and spring rolls were all yummy.  and huge and very reasonably priced!  the iced tea was nice and fresh brewed, too.  The decor is fun and you must check out the real fake fish fish tank!No 5 stars because the service was a bit off and there was no option for brown vs white rice.Will definitely go back when I'm in the neighborhood!
5	Our upper office meeting was held at Sala Thai yesterday.  Most of us eat out a lot because we are mobile and are meeting clients. So we are a particular bunch. This place is owned and run by an actual Thai family who visit Thailand and their family there.  The help are Thai and the food is authentic although as all foodies understand  versions of dishes vary by regions and by the chef/cook crafting each dish.   If every chefs/restaurants dish tasted the same life would be boring!!       The Curry is exceptional no matter what type, the usual dishes we enjoy are always freshly cooked.  The owners will not serve my favorite Mango with Sticky rice (heaven) unless just the right mangos are available.I also get carry out from here several times a month and am always pleased.   Their lemon chicken soup drives away my colds.   The ice cream they make fresh with coconut milk is wonderful.  This is usually a peaceful, low noise get away with a large clientele.  As for those that want alcohol , most of us go to have amazing food---- several bars are close if you need alcohol.
5	So glad to have found great Thai in my neighborhood.  We thought when we moved away from Tempe that we had lost our access to great ethnic food.  Luckily we found this little gem.  Great ambience, friendly quick service, and fantastic food.  We ordered the green curry chicken and the drunken noodles with vegetables.  Great sized portions for reasonable price.  We got ours on a 3 out of 5 scale of heat and it was perfect for us.  I have a feeling we'll become regulars.
4	I have been here a bunch and have not yelped this place...I think it is time i do right by them because they do right for my stomach. The rushes here are really random so make sure you give them a call and see how busy they are. If they are busy i would say hold off on going for a little bit. They expanded their restaurant, but the kitchen is the same size and cannot efficiently handle a packed restaurant. I really recommend getting the fried catfish curry, that literally is the best thing on the menu hands down. I love it soo much. I can't not get this when i go.I enjoy all their spicy food to rate it a 1 is like peppercorn spice, 3-4 is a mild jalapeno  and 5 is around a spicy jalapeno and serano. Service is always been good, everyone is polite. The only time when service is slow/bad when the place is getting packed. This place is where i go when i crave some thai food for sure.
5	Clean, friendly, yummy!
5	Smells and tastes just like the food my Burmese friends make. Delicious yellow curry, pleasant wait staff and prompt service make this a very appealing place to eat in or take home to enjoy.
1	Ok I'm so sorry to have to give such an update review.  I've been to Sala Thai several times since discovering it a couple of years ago.  I decided to take my really good friends for lunch a couple of weeks ago. When we walked it we sat on the newly expanded side.  They had recently doubled in dining space. The food of just okay this time.  I'm not sure if the cook of having an off day or what.  Well while we were eating and chit-chatting away my friend started to get all excited from across the booth telling me to get up and look behind me.  When I did I saw a roach crawling on my seat then scurry away to the next booth.  Okay I tried not to freak out myself and continued our lunch. Then my 7 year old starts to freak out next to me as he notices 2 roaches on the wall next to my friend across the table.  Okay that was it.  My son and friend got up and stood there until our bill came.  Our waitress came out and saw what the excitement was all about but do you think she said anything....of course not.  I assume this must be a normal thing for them now.  Well, needless to say I don't think I'll be returning to Sala Thai.
3	All around a good Thai restaurant! The food was really delicious. I had what I always get at Thai places... Yellow curry with chicken. no beer at this restaurant but yet their open close sign is sponsored by a Thai beer called Chang, which is a really great beer must try. My only gripe was the service. They were nice enough but the service was awkward. They would ask you a question and walk away before you could answer. Usually I would blame that on how busy it was but... We were the only people in the shop. Again, over all a great place to eat and I recommended it if your in the area.
5	I love Thai food. Love it. And this is the best Thai place that I've come across in Phoenix. I've tried a lot of their menu items and have never been disappointed. I also enjoy being able to select how spicy I want my food (1-5 scale). The service can be mediocre and they don't serve alcohol, but with food this good you won't even care.
5	This place rocks, plain and simple. It seems to be run by one big Thai family and they know what they are doing. The service was better than expected but the food was even better. I ordered my usual Pad Se Lew (sp?) and was not disappointed. It is the best Thai food I have found in Phoenix. I'll keep trying new places but right now this is #1 for the area. If you have any other suggestions let me know!
5	I ate here again the cashew chicken was fantastic! I will be here again in the near future.
2	I've done takeout from here multiple times and the food is consistently good and always ready when I arrive. (I typically get green curry and pad see ew.)Today I went in for an early dinner around 5pm. There was literally one other couple in the entire restaurant and they already had their meals. We sat ourselves and were greeted by a waitress immediately asking if we were ready to order. No, but we could start with drinks. While I thumbed through the literally sticky pages of the menu, I asked for a thai iced tea with only a little bit of milk. A few minutes later I get a tea set down that is half milk and half tea. The waitress disappeared quickly. Finally when someone came back, I asked them to remake it with a little bit of milk. She brought back the same thing. Third try was a charm. (Best part about it is we were actually charged for multiple teas.) We had an appetizer set down and the waitress mumbled the name while walking away. Immediately after, I approached the waitress at the counter to ask for plates, napkins, and silverware.... how were we supposed to eat our appetizer? The entrees were served at separate times. We waited 10-15 minutes for a server to check in so that we could ask for boxes and the check.Frustrating, because the food is decent.
1	This place was horrible.  Check the food administration website for health code violations before you go.  I thought I should have made a 360 right out of there when I saw the plastic floating fish.  Disgusting food and poor excuse for Thai food.
4	Pad Thai! Been going here for years, although not often enough in the past 5 years since we moved up north around Desert Ridge. I will warn you, the service and food delivery is SLOW. So, don't come here if you are in a hurry.
4	OK, I've eaten here twice and gotten the same things both times - Shrimp Pumpkin Curry. It's amazing. I never knew I liked cooked pumpkin until now! The service is OK, but really it's the food that's great. The ambiance is what you'd expect at a Thai restaurant. Tonight was especially fun sitting next to the fish tank with about a hundred fake fish swirling around in it. It held my daughter's attention at least. I'm taking off a star for the prices, which I consider to be a couple dollars higher than I'd like to pay for a strip mall restaurant like this. In all though, I'd recommend it!
4	Based on only two meals I give them an above average rating for Thai Cuisine. We had the special of the day that was spicy duck basil. The duck was prepared surprisingly good and the flavors seemed right. We also had the spicy pumpkin basil with ground chicken. The chicken wasn't that supermarket kind of ground but was more like chopped up well chicken that was moist with some developed flavor and not just cooked and tossed in. The flavors were about right. If I knit pick I can say the dish would have been better if the pumpkin was cooked more because it was slightly crunchy and the basil should have been broken down more instead of being like mini branches of basil. But over all we both were pleased and plan to return.The decor is very tacky but in a good way. Fake fish swimming in the fish tank. and stuff glued on the walls everywhere. Novelty hugging salt and pepper shakers are for sale for $3.@.
5	Tom Kra Gai = great.  Plus, the fake fish in the fish tank provide never-ending entertainment.
4	It's hard to go wrong with Thai food. We did carry out and had red curry tofu and pad se ew. They forgot to give me brown rice, but the food was otherwise good. Cute little restaurant, I'll have to try dining in sometime.
5	Try the coconut soup it's great if you like spice. Also the mango Bolba is delicious.
4	First let me tell you that I ALWAYS get Pad Thai and it is very good here.  Thai is one of my favorite foods and this is the place we always go to when I am at home.
5	Excellent!!! Yellow chicken curry and drunken noodles are amazing!!
3	I went with my family to Sala Thai this evening.  We sat down and ordered very quickly starting with an appetizer of angel wings (stuffed chicken wings with clear noodles, onion, carrots, and ground chicken).  We then ordered dishes for the seven of us:  two orders of Pa-nang curry, Thai fried rice, drunken noodles with tofu, spicy eggplant with tofu, grilled salmon, and the special (basic leaves duck).  The angel wings were a hit!  The other dishes were for the most part very good.  The eggplant was a little oily though the sauces were great.  The drunken noodles were okay.  As a hint to any Yelp readers, be very careful with the numbers (0-5) of how spicy you would like it.  We all ordered numbers between 1 and 3, and it appeared that those of us who rounded up found our dishes a bit too spicy while those of us who rounded down found the dishes just right.  Sala Thai also allows guests to bring their own bottles of beer or wine (though I do not believe they serve their own though I could be mistaken).  While two of my family members go to Sala Thai on a regular basis, most of the rest of the family had never been there before.  This was my second time and while the restaurant is good, it really didn't stick out as a unique Thai restaurant.  It is definitely worth checking out (as I am sure it is a great restaurant for others).  There is also plenty of parking available outside.
5	I love the decor here so much! I wanted to review just cause I haven't seen anyone mention that aspect.  I just moved back to Phoenix after a few years, and I'm pretty sure it was much smaller before-- looks like they added another room that doubled the size. I was really struck by how beautifully decorated it was before, but now it's really neat. Everything from the walls to the menu are really colorful & it made me feel really happy sitting in there.  The pictures on the wall look custom made, and they're really brightly colored and super cute.  We were back by the kitchen & they have a shiny gold curtain hung up that was covered in fake flowers and butterflies and things to block the view of it. But the best part is the massive fish tank, chock full of brightly colored plastic fish that go whipping around in the current in a realistic way.  There were way more than you could have in a regular fish tank, but the effect was that it was really lively and super cute.  I know from the description everything sounds a bit garish, but in person it comes together and gives you a lot of neat stuff that is pleasant to look at.The food was also great, the music relaxing, and the two servers we talked to were really nice. They had no problem with the request to make a meat dish with tofu & leave out the meat & eggs, and they have boba!
1	Not impressed at all. Had the coconut soup and phad Thai. It tasted like it was one of the "instant" bowls. I've had Thai several times in my life, I've even purchased some of the Thai instant stuff for my home. The taste was ridiculously similar. It wasn't a good experience at all. I won't be back, unfortunately. I was really excited about this place seeing all the reviews.
4	I've only ordered takeout so far, but I love the interior of the place, the food is good and the people there are very friendly!
4	Annoying that their phone rang for twenty minutes and the restaurant seemed to be understaffed, but tasty milk tea and musaman curry/phad Thai! Will go again.
3	Decent Thai food, a little on the pricey side for the portion sizes. I tried the pad thai and the fresh rolls. Both decent, but nothing remarkable.
4	Favorite Thai food in the state.  Start with one of the soups and move on from there (I recommend the Pork Wonton soup at a level 4 spice)I hear the curry dishes are fantastic but I can't speak from experience as I tend to go with either Spicy beef with green bean or Thai Basil chicken.  (I'm more of a spicy meat and vegetable guy than a coconut milk guy)My main tip for this place is for all of you drinkers out there.  If you have a hangover, and you want to cure it - Step 1.  Get a cab hereStep 2. Order the Drunken noodles at a level 4-5 (meat of your preference)Step 3. Don't leave until you've finished it. Every toxin in your body will steam out of your pores and you will be left feeling amazing afterwards.  (I guess that bottom part is more of a drinking tip and than a Sala Thai tip - but take it if you want it)Sala Thai is worth the trip.
4	Awesome place. Loved the food and atmosphere.
4	NOT VERY VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY, My big problem is thai food revolves around Buddhist food, and Buddhist food is vegan.So when I dont see on the menu vegi options on the curries/ noodles it makes me quite upset. That SaidI found their Pad Thai overly sour (way too much tamarind), but ok. There is a saying for every thai there is a pad thai.Had the tofu and bok choi, (the only vegi option in the curry list) and it was REALLY GOOD. They call it a peanut sauce but it really is a peanut curry, think vietnamese ga sate style.The Pa Nang curry It was good but not "red" enough. Talking red curry not just red color. It was very nice but not wow.The curries also needed more stuff in them (vegetables) and not more bell peppers seriously people.What was nice was 3 of us left there after 3 entrees and 2 sodas for under $35. The staff was very nice and asked how spicy we wanted things. The menu is a bit daunting so dont be afraid to tell the waiter that you need some more time.I know that one reviewer stated that nearly any dish can be made vegetarian, which is a duh statement, all they will do is leave something (the meat) out. In-n-out can make you a vegetarian hamburger sure it will just be the bun and the fixins with no patty. My point is that in thai cuisine meat is usually simply an add on but at this place meat is the star of the dish and that is the most wrong perspective. Top tip for thai restaurant  eating look for a place that list its curries and noodles separate. Now there are other dishes that will always be listed with certain meats as well the dish revolves around that particular meat, but these are the exception in thai food.
3	Food here was good, but I prefer to have a little more sauce/oil with my noodles.  The flavors were good, but there was so little sauce in our pad se ew, that it was almost dry.  The Pad Ka (coconut lemon grass soup) was tasty, but there was no option to have a small bowl of soup, just a huge $10 serving.  It was a little thin though, not sure if that's cost cutting watering it down, or just they way they make their soup.  Service was fast though and restaurant was clean.
5	pad thai and hot and sour soup rocks! love this place!
5	Let me first say that I am completely biased.  We live right around the corner from Sala Thai and have been going there for 6 or 7 years.  Although now, after we have had kids, we do a bit more take out than dining in.  Sala Thai is defintely my favorite Thai restuarant in the Valley.  I typically start out with their Tom Kra Gai (Coconut Milk Soup) that with a "3" level spice is plenty spicey (personally, I would probably go up to a four, but I tend to get vetoed on that level of spice).  Next, we have their Pad Thai.  Although, I have certainly had better, it definitely scratches that Pad Thai itch.  Finally, I typically get their Pa-nang curry (typically chicken).  This is my favorite dish and I usually use the left over rice to sop up the remaining sauce at the bottom of the to go container!
5	Been coming here for a couple years.  Curry doesn't disappoint.  I like pumpkin, green, and panang.  Yum
3	Any place that closes their table service early is not running a fair establishment.  Walked in at 8:45PM tonight and they stated "take out only."I really should give only two stars as the last meal had overcooked pad Thai noodles, but the rest of their dishes are very good.  Spotty service; good food.  Oh well!
5	This is the best Thai food in Phoenix.  Everyone I know loves this place.  I eat here all the time and have NEVER had a bad meal.  If you want great Thai in Phoenix, look no father than Sala Thai.
2	I want to like this place since it is close to home...but, the food was just okay. The pad Thai was alright and the crab Rangoon was actually wonderful, but overall I find the favors lacking. I will try it again with the hopes I just chose the wrong entree.
4	We live by and will definitely do take-out again, although it is a bit more pricey. The chicken curry was SO good that I didn't try anything else!! Pad see-ew is good according to my husband.
4	Not the best Thai food I've had ( the best Thai food I've ever had was in Maui, and it was being cooked out of someone's back yard and sold on the side of the street) but it's pretty good.  I've had their coconut milk soup, pad thai, pad see ew, basil fried rice, green papaya salad, green curry, panang curry and garlic chicken.  All of these are good, although the basil fried rice is a bit too moist and garlic chicken a bit salty for my taste.  Like most other Thai places, the spice level is 1 thru 5 stars.   If you like a good kick, I would say go with 4 stars.  If you like super spicy, skip 5 stars and ask for "thai hot."I'm a very observant person and to be honest, the many times I've eaten here, I noticed the crowd and they're the type to care about "ambiance" and service rather than the actual food.  For me, it's about how good the food is, then I factor in the service and all that stuff.    The service here isn't exactly top notch.  If you're one of those who care about being asked about how you're doing every 10 minutes, then don't come here.  Overall, for the prices and location and quality of food, this place is really good.  I haven't had a dish where I was like, ew!
4	One of my favorite places to get tasty Thai Food in NE PHX. Normally come here on the weekends and bring the family and kids. Food is always good and the service is quick and friendly. Best of New Times.Inside is both fun and inviting with some really comfortable booths. One is right next to a very cool looking fish tank with a lot of eye catching activity. Those crazy little critters are really flying and bouncing all over the place. The wife has to remind me that they are plastic fish and not to get too excited. Ha!Nice selection of all your Thai restaurant favorites and more. They even have pictures on the menu of several dishes. This is always good when you are wanting to try something new and feel shy.Like to order my dishes Thai SPICY Hot. The family members just laugh and prefer it more in the Medium range. You can always ask them to bring out more chilies if you want to start off with Mild and work your way up.Some of our favorites are the Tom Yum (Hot and Sour), Tom Kra Gai (Chicken Coconut Milk) Soups. The Appetizers are all really good as well as any of the Noodle dishes, the different colored Curries, the Spicy Garlic versions, and the many BBQ items.Bring the crew and ask for Thai Spicy if you dare. It is hotter than the 1-5 scale. Located in a small strip mall and easy to drive right past. SIMPLY YUMTACULAR!
4	Got mine to go, quick service.Spicy basil fried rice: tasty but it had these star shaped carrots that I could've done without. Got number 3 medium spicy, and it was spicier than I expected but I loved it.Drunken noodle: also had these random star shaped carrots again. Otherwise it was great. Good portions.Tip: Make sure they give you utensils and chili sauce if you order to go!
3	I wonder if they got new owners, because I went in on a whim for some takeout and the place looked fairly different. New booths, and it looked like several young men in their 20's. A younger guy helped me order and he was really cool. I almost wished I was there with someone so we could dine in and see if the experience was any better than the last. I definitely want to check it out again!The food was great, as usual. I knocked off a star because I think that despite the good food, the prices are just a little high for what you get.
5	We stopped in today for a nice dinner of Thai food and Sala Thai did not disappoint.We had the drunken noodles, pad thai and masuman curry.The masuman continues to be the best I have had.The drunken noodles were splendidly flavorful and a mouthful of fire at the same time.  Delightful!The paid thai arrived and was a treat of fiery goodness. We requested hot and the staff at Sala Thai delivered!
5	We had a wonderful meal here! We started with two fruit mocktails - pineapple and watermelon. They were very refreshing, and at $3 apiece, well worth the price to cool some of the spiciness of the food (which was tolerable at a 3). We had the crab wontons, tom yum, basil duck (which was the special) and spicy basil fried rice with beef. Everything was really great, and priced very moderately.The waiter checked on us consistently and everything about our experience was perfect. From the moment we sat down to the payment of our $45 bill - which is not bad considering how much we ate! GO. You won't be disappointed.
3	Google noted their Saturday and Sunday hours are 11:30 AM, nope they open at 12:00. The day I went (Saturday) they opened at 12:30, over 10 cars in parking lot, people peering in a restaurant with no lights on, funny! Half of them left thinking they shut down. I also left and returned 15 minutes later, staff said they had a rough night of drinking the night before, I understood !I had the Drunken noodles, Red curry duck, Pork Satay, Pad Thai with Shrimp.Drunken noodles and Red Curry Duck (Awesome) Pad Thai, weird taste, brown sauce just had a strange taste. Visiting Thailand over 25 times, I know my pad thai but this wasn't good. Pork satay had a great taste and nice char but very tough meat.I feel the prices are high for what you get and it would also be nice to enjoy the meal with a glass of wine or a cold Singha.I will try this place again.
4	I haven't been to Sala Thai since they added a whole new room of dining, which is saying something! The added seating means there is usually no wait. I'm back to say that I still love it! The basil friend rice wins awards for a reason, people, but the pineapple fried rice is good, too! However, it is very very spicy. Take the 1-5 scale seriously, I air on the wimpy side. My friend had the spicy pumpkin basil, which was pretty good, too. The menu is extensive, and I'm still perusing!Everything on the menu can be made vegetarian, just request tofu or no meat. I wish they listed this somewhere on the menu instead of shunning you to the tiny vegetarian corner, which doesn't feature anything spectacular. I got the pad thai and found it a little lackluster. The boba is wonderful, and wonderfully huge. I enjoyed the taro last time!
5	For 22 years I was convinced I hated Thai food. Until I ate here and realized I was never eating the right stuff before. Sala thai changed my mind about thai food and now I crave it constantly!  My first visit I was greeted by the server with cool hair who recommended the drunken noodle and it was unbelievable. Now I am obsessed with their yellow chicken curry and thai iced tea. So the food is most important but this is a family business and one I feel great supporting. The guy with cool hair works every time I come in and always has a huge smile on his face. It's nice to see people enjoy their jobs. I only have positive things to say about all of their food, the cleanliness of the restaurant, and the staff. If you haven't been here yet... What are you waiting for?!
5	Incredible food and service!  I had their pumpkin curry,  very good... unlike many Thai restaurants this one has a heat scale from 1 to 5 and I ordered a 5.  Now I like my curry spicy but a 5 might have been too much.    Try the green tea ice cream,  its delicious.   I will return to this gem.
4	Having dinner here with my kids this time was still a treat. The portions are a little small for the price. But every dish has been great. Tom Yum is a must. The Basil Fried Rice is then other must have when we come. The only thing keeping my 5th star is the portion size. Not the typical family size dish for sharing. Highly recommended Thai in PHX!
5	Great food and friendly service.  Love their coconut boba drinks!!  I've only eaten to-go from here, but the portions were large and delicious.  I am definitely making this my new go-to Thai restaurant.
2	Are kidding me? TERRIBLE service! I waited for 15 mins. W/O anyone coming to my table! I had to go up and get  my own menu and remind the staff I was waiting. Go to Wild Thaiger or Thai Rama...better food and WAY better service!
5	This place has the best green curry and spicy basil dishes I have found in AZ. Prices went up from when they first opened, but still reasonable.  I still return every time I return to visit from San Diego, and I haven't even found anywhere as good as Sala Thai in my two years there! Sewatdee Kalb!
5	Food was excellent!!  Tried always fav pad Thai ...wonderful n just the right ammt if spicey!  And the yellow curry chicken... Was sooooo full because tasted so amazing!Prices were affordable!!  Happy campers ;))
4	Favorite Thai restaurant, love love love the Pad Thai dish. Great food, great service, great price. You can choose how spicy you want your food and most dishes are large enough to split :)
5	Great food as usual, their dipping sauces are some of the best, all with unique flavors that please the palette. Service was excellent and our server Aldo was outstanding. I would highly recommend Sala Thai.
5	Awesome Thai food! I had the Pad Thai Anne it was incredible. We had the spring rolls for an appetizer. They were delicious the veggies were fresh and the dipping sauce was sweet and tangy. My wife had the coconut milk soup and it was very enjoyable.
5	OH MY GOODNESS!!!! My little sister told me about Sala Thai and I've been here 4 times in less than 10 days, YUP, it's THAT GOOD! I order the drunken noodles, YUMMY as well as the crab pulls, egg rolls with chicken, pad thai, fried rice and a taro boba. I love how sweet everyone is there. Atmosphere is darling and the restaurant, though found in a retail strip, YOU WANT TO GO HERE!!!! Perfect for kids too, especially if you sit by their super duper cool fish tank. We drive from North Scottsdale to Sala Thai to get the best Thai food we have found in the good ol' State of Arizona.
2	Came here randomly just because I was in the area. Not really impressed with the food. The interior and the overall atmosphere of the restaurant is lively. I'd even say the place is pretty close to over decorating, but at least there's a lot to see. I was definitely mesmerized by their fish tank!! It had no real fish but a bunch of little ones that constantly floated around...geniusness!Back to the food. Ordered pad see ew with chicken. The portion was pretty small and it lacked noodles. There was plenty of broccoli though. The Thai BBQ chicken was ok. Nothing too special about it. As for the garlic chicken, I don't even know if we got the right order? Our waiter said it was, but I would have renamed it crispy/deep fried chicken with some sort of sweet chili sauce? Don't know what happened there, but at least that portion size was decent. Service was slow too. Even asking for hot water with lemon took twenty min. Ehhh just not too impressed overall.
5	Best Thai food in the valley.  The service is unbelievable.  A little tip - if you ask for more shrimp, they will give you more, a little extra cost, but well worth the price.  All of their meals are great.  Love the Spicy Basil and Drunken Noodles.  Their soups are great too!  The staff is always friendly.  Great place!!!!!!
5	Yum! I just tried this place for the first time today and all I can say is delish! I like the decor, it's a nice clean atmosphere. They have really big booths that makes it comfortable to eat. Food is amazing! We ordered the phad se ew (my favorite Thai dish) so far its the best I've found in Phoenix since my mom's recipe. The basil fried rice was also good, rich flavors and the perfect level of spice! I think I found my new thai spot! I totally will be returning!  Oh and Check out the fish tank full of fake fish,  its interesting. Haha
4	Decent noodle/rice dishes, but the real star of their menu are the curries! They have some lovely and varied curries throughout the year (pumpkin, eggplant) that really have a host of complex, lovely flavors.  I'd highly recommend them!  Plus, there's a cool fish tank with plastic fish zooming around inside.
5	This is a really solid great neighborhood thai restaurant. I always gauge a Thai place by their panang curry and theirs is awesome.  We ordered spice level 2 out of five and it was just right in spiciness.  It had a good heat but not too much.
3	I went to this restaurant for lunch. The service was good with friendly staff but slow. The food - my kids had Pad See Ew which was a small portion, too much other stuff like veges or meat but not enough noodles. My curry was good but every bite of the pork had gristle or chewy fat and it turned me off for eating more. Captain rolls were great. Overall, it is a decent place to eat Thai food but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Yumyumyumyumyumyum!!!! So delicious but a little bit on the slow side for lunch. Never went for dinner yet.
4	Delicious Thai food! I order takeout here all the time and it never fails to disappoint. Order medium spicy unless you really like to feel the burn! Pa nang curry is delicious, spicy basil fried rice and spicy green bean beef. Love the tom yum soup as well!
5	Wow, SO yummy!!  I'm here for lunch and eating the pumpkin curry with chicken at a level 4 spicy. I can taste so many lovely flavors and out has great spice too!!  My friend is having the phad see we, and he's been to Thailand many times, he's loving it too!  He thinks it's one of the best he's had anywhere!I will be back!
4	The Mus-Sa-Mun Curry and Pineapple Fried Rice are outstanding here.
5	My husband and I initially judge any Thai restaurant on the Tom Kra Gai (spicy chicken coconut soup).  If they don't have it, we don't return.  If they have it, but it's only average, we don't return.  If it's fabulous we become customers for life.  Sala Thai has the best Tom Kra Gai we have found in Arizona.  We purchase take-out from here regularly and have never had a bad meal.  Some of the stand out dishes include Larb Salad, Angel Wings, Thai BBQ Sausages, Spicy Basil Fried Rice, and Pumpkin Curry.  Fresh?  Check.Authentic?  Check.Thai spicy as opposed to American spicy?  Check.Freaking delicious?  Check!
4	Great food, one of the best green curry dishes I have ever had. The pad thai could be a little better but that's just being but picky.
1	I've lived in the neighborhood for 11 years and I love Thai food. However, I was reminded why I've stayed away from here for the past three years. I ordered the special today; lettuce wraps with chicken. The lettuce was the best part. The chicken had good flavor, too. But there was barely a quarter cup of it. This dish was mostly comprised of noodles!, large chunks of onion and white button mushroom, and bland tofu. It had a side of three sauces, all loaded with sugar. For a much better Thai lettuce wrap, I highly recommend Pei Wei, believe it or not!
4	Yummy!! I highly recommend the curries! Red, yellow, green, we had all 3 today (take-out, ate at home with unexpected dinner guests) and will definitely eat here as regulars. The portions are big enough to share, or not! The ingredients are fresh. The staff is very nice, over the phone and in person. The place is clean and low key, dress up or down, just go there!
1	We went to try to eat there tonite after we called.  We were told the wait time was 25 min but that was not the issue. We were not greeted at all and not even looked at!!! It us rare to encounter rude Thai folks because they are generally kind...
4	Found this place on Yelp, I was looking for a new Thai place near me. All the reviews were positive so...why not?! We were able to pick our seats so we sat next to the big fish tank full of little plastic fishies. Cute. Our forks and napkin were decoratively wrapped together...also a nice touch.We ordered some of the veggie egg rolls to start. They were pretty good, very crisper and hot. For our entrees we both ordered drunken noodles, me beef and my son chicken. I had my heat at a level 3 but my son ordered a level 4. My dish was pretty good with some heat but not enough to overtake the flavor of the food. I can tell my son's food was hot, I could see it on his face, but he enjoyed his as well. Overall, this is a good local place to grab some Thai food. Friendly staff, and not too pricey.
5	I'm not gonna claim to be the professional on thai food but this place was delicious! The price was right, the room nice, and employees friendly.
4	The tom kra gai was tasty as was the pad thai. Service good too. My first time here & I will be back!!!
2	The food was nothing out of the ordinary, but the efficiency and organization of the restaurant that night was absurd.  I was sitting in front of the kitchen and the food counter so I saw and heard pretty much everything.I ordered a Thai iced tea, fried tofu, drunken noodles, and pineapple fried rice.  The waitress didn't write down my order, so I had to ask for my drink three times and waited for my food for about 25 minutes. I'm fine about waiting for my order, but not when my food is sitting and cooling on the counter for over 10 minutes.I watched the waiters bicker about who would bus tables, prepare/refill beverages, take orders, and serve the dishes. There was no structure whatsoever. I hope they get it together...
5	Excellent little restaurant! The food is of great quality. The Thai tea and the mocktails are delicious. The presentation of the food itself is stunning. We went around 3:45 in the afternoon on a Tuesday and the place was empty. The quiet atmosphere and the decor were a plus. The decorations add a nice touch of classic Thai culture. I definitely recommend this place. I know I'll be returning!
4	I have driven by this unassuming place many times and always wondered how the food was. My daughter and I had lunch here today and shared an order of crab wontons, cashew chicken, beef ribs and beef with yellow curry.  Everything was really good and there was plenty left over to take home.  We got the spiciest option for the curry and it was delicious.  We will definitely go back and try some other things next time.  The noodle dishes looked very good.
1	We had the Basel Duck and it was not bad, it was awful.  I complained but the response was it wasn't their fault.  They refused to make any concessions.  We were charged almost $40 and we didn't eat the duck because it sucked.  Be aware.  There people take no responsibility for serving a bad meal  I will never go back to this place.
5	The beef salad was authentic and delicious. Everything I order at this place is amazing. Don't be fooled by the fish curtains this place is the real deal.
1	This place is priceless,.a big rip! I ordered the thai bbq ribs, well,its a cheap steak thrown on a grill wity thai sauce to dip it, i really need a steak knife to cut this steak,all i had ws a butter knife.wht i really needed was a buzz saw,.i would not give this to my dog!!
5	This was so great and local! The food was creative and fantastic and very authentic and the prices very very reasonable. I will be back!
5	I went here for dinner with my parents and had a wonderful experience. We brought our own bottle of wine, which was cool, and we shared the chicken lettuce wraps, which were awesome and came with three good sauces. It was a notably large portion for an appetizer and could easily be shared by 3-4 people. For dinner, I ordered the green curry with chicken and brown rice, on a 4 (out of 5) spice level. It was very spicy, as I was hoping for, and I admire anyone with the courage to order the 5. Everything was cooked nicely, all of the right flavors were there, and it was amongst the best green curries I've ever tried. I was able to snag a bite of the duck curry (which was in an orange-colored sauce which included pineapple [yummmm]) and a seafood special, which contained shrimp, scallops, catfish and a variety of vegetables. All three entrees were delicious and exceeded my expectations! As far as service went, the waiters were very friendly and attentive. The ambiance was very nice and, overall, it was a five star experience for a reasonably priced Thai restaurant. I definitely recommend swinging by if you're craving a mean green curry!
5	Fantastic little neighborhood Thai restaurant. We're all about the Pumpkin Curry, but Sala Thai has a lot more than one dish to offer. The atmosphere. It's intimate, with pretty much every square inch of wall space filled with kitschy artwork and memorabilia.The napkins. Neatly folded in birdlike form with a fork inserted.The presentation. Food is served in a manner consistent with a much more expensive restaurant.The menu. Pumpkin Curry! What more need be said?In all seriousness. I love the food. There is plenty of variety on the menu. Those in search of heat will find it. Those not can find safe refuge. Servers routinely ask for your heat preference on a scale of one to five, with five being hottest. Keep in mind it's an Asian scale. I'd suggest you go no higher than a three, my preference, even it you like your food spicy. Go higher at your own risk.They will ask you to pay in cash if possible. We paid with a credit card on our most recent visit, without problem or comment. It's just a small business understandably trying to avoid high credit card fees. I'm fine with that if it helps keep their prices reasonable.
5	I have been looking for great Thai food, my daughter brought me here.  The drunken noodles are the best I've had!  The vegetables are fresh and firmly cooked, the noodles are perfectly spiced and not too oily, and the chicken is tender.  I can't wait to try the coconut soup, pineapple fried rice and the spicy green beans....excellent menu!
1	Service sucked, food sucked, location sucks, and they don't even serve alcohol!! It was a bad first date, only worse. First and last time at this hole.
4	Unassuming little restaurant from the outside, but lovely and traditional inside. Wonderful food, great service, nice atmosphere. Had the fish cakes,  cream puffs and the beef mussuman.  All were perfect.  Quick tip if you're from southeast Asia or Australia: ask for at least 4 out of 5 on the spicy scale.  Highly recommend.
5	Some of the best Tom yum soup I've ever had!Sala Thai catfish is incredible!Got my Thai fix tonight!Plastic fish are fun but I don't know what they feed them....
4	I'll keep it simple. For a strip mall Asian restaurant it doesn't get any better, especially in and around this part of Phoenix. My go to favs are Pad-Thai, cashew chicken, and pot stickers. My 4yr old nephew has been known to eat 10 of their potstickers, they are that good.
4	I usually get the Pad Thai and spring rolls. The soups are fantastic and quite authentic but are huge portions. Not the prettiest setting but definitely some of the more authentic Thai food in the Phoenix area.
2	Food was good, but service fell apart. Didn't realize they were closing and things stopped without notice. No dessert, to-go containers, no nothing. Had to beg for the check. Skip this place and try one of the many other options in the area. Was excited to try it, too, and I brought my out of town family in. Too bad.
