5	I won a small Poker tournament and with my winnings my buddy and I headed to the Luxor Steakhouse.Earlier we looked at the menu and saw a piece of Japanese Kobe 6oz for $140.  We were in shorts and flip flops, but they let us in.  It wasn't crowded at all, the service staff was very nice and the food was delicious.We both ordered the Bone in Rib Eye 22 oz medium with corn and garlic mashed potatoes.  The sides were kind of on the small side, but they were good.  Also ordered a reasonable price bottle of Syrah ($32) that was very smooth.The food was on par if not better then some of the more known local steak houses such as Ruth Chris and Morton's.  The interior atmosphere was more along the lines of Morton's, with the dark wood, cigar bar feel to it.  It almost seems out of place at the Luxor, as the Luxor isn't known for being high end, but it is close to the mandalay bay connection point.  For a good steak I would recommend Luxor's Steakhouse anyday.
5	I try to get to Vegas at least once a year. For three years straight I make it a point to visit the Luxor Steakhouse my last night in town. The food here is to die for. My steaks are always perfectly cooked and seasoned well. The cuts of beef are exceptional and always very tender.  The side dishes are also also very tasty.
4	Given my opinion of the Luxor hotel and casino, I must say that I was pleasantly surprised at the steakhouse.Huge selection of steak, including both Japanese and American Kobe, along with a solid selection of wine and beer to complement the meal.Staff were very friendly and didn't keep us waiting around too long for our meal.
4	Beautiful food, great atmosphere.The steaks are perfect and tender.  I got the Alaskan King Crab Legs, which were worth every penny.  I appreciated how they pre-cracked the shell for me, as King Crag legs tend to be spiney and painful to open.  Their garlic mashed potatoes are to die for, and their drinks are good if a little weak.I give the place four stars because it took a good 10 minutes for anyone to help us.  The person that was supposed to be our server never showed.  However, we didn't have a reservation and it was close to closing, so I can't complain too much.Considering the food we got, the price really wasn't so bad.  The Kobe beef can run you over $100 a steak, but my crab legs were $40 and my boyfriend's filet mignon was $40.  The deliciousness was worth every penny.
5	Maybe I don't go out enough, but I've never (personally) seen as broad of a selection of steaks as I have here. I ate here last year and was looking forward to going back during my most recent visit. Alas, they were closed for rennovations.If I were  a local (or stayed in Vegas long enough) I'd imagine it'd be fun to try all of their selections. The cut I had was well marbled and prepared to the proper degree of rarity (or is it rareness?). They have a good drink selection as well. We ate at the piano bar, which was a little corny, but kind of fun.
5	My husband and I ate here for our last night in Vegas on a saturday night, for my birthday dinner no less.  We were staying at the luxor, and we decided to stay "in" for the night, but didn't want to go out on the strip for a good dinner.  After reading the other reviews on yelp, I decided this place was worth trying.  We had to wait maybe 15 mins for a table, but had a really good drink at the bar, so it wasn't a bad wait. After finally being seated, we decided the wait was worth it.  They seated us to a very nice, intimate booth.  Right away we could tell this place was great.  We started out with an iceberg lettuce salad, I had the 2.25 lb lobster, and my husband had the angus ribeye.  My husband requested his steak medium rare plus, and most places don't ever get this right.  His steak was cooked to perfection.  My lobster was brought to me in a covered dish, with a lobster bisque type sauce, which was delicious, even though I usually prefer my lobster plain.  For dessert, we ordered the flourless chocolate cake, which the waiters presented me the cake with a candle and chocolate "happy birthday" design.  Tender is definitely worth checking if you want a fabulous steak or surf and turf dinner!
5	I had the ribeye boneless medallions.  It was three different meats!  natural angus, bison and  American wagyu medium cooked.   It definitely made my top ten list in the steak department.
2	I had the boneless ribeye, good steak that you can probably get almost anywhere. The chili is really good as well. I would say that for the same price you can probably get twice as much food at another steakhouse. The prices are a bit over the top because they have a couple of organic beef options and they also have the Kobe beef which in my opinion it is overpriced.
5	A definite 5 Star.......Please. Please. Please try the Wild Game Platter, which consists of Boar, Antelope and Venison..... sounds a little Out There but.....The Wild Boar was extremely tender and well prepared.The Antelope... the best entree.... was perfectly prepared and melted with each fork-full.I would avoid the soups..... not well considered.Enjoy
3	This was a totally awesome meal. I was starving and this was the closest fine dining in our vicinity. We had the meats appetizer which was a good course on dried meats. My steak was well cooked - med rare. The rib was decent and accompanied by fine mashed potatoes. The menu also had seafood that our stomachs just couldn't handle. Definitely a pleasant experience. The dining manager came by and greeted us - a plus. 75/person, reservation wasn't necessary.
3	Wasn't expecting to like this place.  Fine dining and the pyramid don't really go together, but wanted to eat in house.  Clearly the best place in the joint is Cathouse, but didn't book that early enough because of questions of whether it was inappropriate for a 13 year old girl.  Wanted to try a different place (company?) but kept getting steered to Tender.Very surprised when I saw it, it is a beautiful space.  I believe it is very new as there were not yet even the directional signs for it in the lobby.  Actually, was pleasantly surprised by look of all the various restaurants and lounges in the Luxor.The wines by the glass list was fantastic.  It's probably a bad thing that I knew all the wines since I don't really know as much as I would like about wine, but nevertheless I knew all the offerings and, better yet, liked them all.  So that was positive.The menu looked absolutely fantastic.  So many choices that looked appealing.  Started with the ceasar salad since that is a true way to determine if a place is good or not, by the quality of their ceasar.  This one, not so good.  Trio of soups was equally uninsprining, the butternut squash/apple was decent, but the wild mushroom and the lobster/crab both just tasted like cream.Got the Japanese Wagyu fillet (I just can't help myself).  Was it like true Japanese Wagyu?  No.  Was it one of the best fillets I have ever eaten.  Probably.  Does that make it worth the three digit price tag?  Probably not.Aly wasn't too impressed with the menu so I suggested that she get the lobster.  It came in a ramekin that was probably four inches in diameter.  When a thirteen year old girl who eats more than a quarter of the food on her plate about once in a blue moon finishes everything in two minutes and then jokes "well, I guess I am done with my lobster", you know the portion is a little light.  They do have a larger lobster on the menu, but the meat from a 1-1/4 pounder should have been plenty.She liked the mashed potatoes.  I liked the approach for the creamed spinach.  They don't cook the spinach to death like most places do, it is still kind of fresh.  The garlic cream sauce was also pretty good, but the entire dish was ruined by too much salt.Doubt I will go back because if I ever eat in the Luxor again I want to try Cathouse, but if the situation arose I would not hesitate to go back to Tender.
3	Really people? In my opinion, Tender isn't really all that special. For the price, I expected better food. I will credit the attentive service, which met my expectations and the reason why I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2. We had a quick dinner there. I ordered the hanger steak, my guest ordered the trio of seafood. My steak was well seasoned, but I can't say it was worth the $30+ bucks I paid for it. My guest really like the grilled prawns, which were ginormous. But the fish was not cooked through. It was chewy at the bottom, so obviously left unfinished. We ordered the potatoes gratin and creamed spinache. It was all just okay. I'd go back, but not before trying other steakhouses on the strip. Not a must-go place in Vegas.
4	Awesome Kobe beef selection. Probably best selection of Kobe beef (from Japan, the US and Australia) in Las Vegas. The Kobe melts in your mouth. Service is excellent. Huge selection of wine. Been there 3x. Zero complaints. Only downside is location. Luxor isn't as hip as it used to be.
1	Looking at the price tag and other yelp reviews, I figure this place would be decent.  I went here because of my dining vouchers from a time share presentation.  First, when I made the reservation, they made it a big deal that I was dressed business casual. I show up and everyone is in shorts and t-shirts.  Second, there is a prix fixe menu and they didn't bother to show it to me (since it has the special discount early prices). Third, I had a reservation, but when we sat down, they told us there were no booths available.  After I sat down, we looked around the room and there were 6 booths with no one there. I saw the reservation book and there no other reservations.  Fourth, food was so so. All the sides were drowned in olive oil (mushrooms and potatoes).  Steak was so so. Go to ruth chris, much better. Fifth, we got our bill before we even got desert.  I expect that from mcdonalds, but a 4 dollar sign fancy restaurNt???  If I could, I would have tender owe me stars.  We did get two waiters and a bus boy. I waiter and bus boy were good... Other waiter sucked.  Only go to this place if you have free dining vouchers..and even if you did, ask for new vouchers and go elsewhere.
2	Spent $140 on a mediocre meal.  My steak was not done right and was very tough on the outside.  Service was so-so.  I've had better steaks at Texas Roadhouse.
4	Setting - Good setting, very nice and relaxed with plenty fo room.Service - Friendly service and always happy to help you make your choice.Food - Very, very good. This place knows how to do a steak and me and my two friends agreed it was some of the best we'd ever had. I'd avoid the mushroom side though as, to me, it was one of the most vile things I'd ever tasted, though I guess that could just be me.Overall - Go here if you want a good steak at a good price with good service. Do not miss!!!!
5	On our final night in Vegas, Apryl and I agreed that meat was an excellent choice to aid us in relaxing our last few hours away. Tender was our first choice, but we walked through Mandalay Bay for a few minutes and checked out a couple other places to see if they stirred our appetites. After reading the menus at three other places, we cruised back to LUXOR and Tender. We didn't have reservations, which didn't seem like a problem, so we placed our names and got a couple cocktails at the bar while we waited. Once seated in a super cozy and private booth, we were greeted by three servers and some delicious rolls. We decided on continuing to order our cocktails at the table, rather than wine. They do have a very extensive wine list though, and at prices that seemed fair for the city and the type of restaurant. We order a seared tuna plate for our warm up. It was three sections of yellow fin tuna, each prepared to different levels of cooked with three distinct variations of taste. All of them were excellent. For dinner, I ordered a 12oz fillet with onion rings. Apryl ordered the Surf 'n Turf burger - basically the best tasting burger she's ever eaten, topped off with a burger-sized king crab patty. Both of our plates were served quick and super hot. My steak was cooked just as I had ordered and was served with three different steak sauces. Probably one of the top five best steaks that I have ever had the privilege of eating. We were too full for dessert, but there were plenty of delicious looking sweets to be had. Maybe next time. This place deserves all five stars if not two more.
3	I took Chris L. here for his birthday in April.  Don't get me wrong with my three stars: the steak is good!  He had buffalo (I think) and I had the classic filet mignon, but I really felt like there was nothing special about the food or restaurant.  It had a nice ambiance, the services was good, and the sides were fine (we had potatoes and asparagus).  But nothing about this place popped.  If I'm going to pay an arm and a leg for a steak it better blow my mind.I was impressed with the hand-made chocolates that they will box up for you to save for later, but that's not really a saving grace at a steak restaurant.I don't know, Tender.  You're gonna have to do something a little more exciting for me to try you out again.
4	My husband and I came in for a quick bite and ordered the Chilled Beef plate consisting of Japanese Kobe carpaccio, American Kobe beef tartare and marinated bison tenderloin.  For $18 it is the probably one of the best deals in Vegas!  The portions were perfect and all of the flavors were amazing and we enjoyed every bite.We didn't eat  anything else at this restaurant and our waitress was a little ditzy and slow; my rating is based on the Chilled Beef plate alone.
5	I love steaks and mine here was the second best I have ever had. I had the free ranch rib eye well done. And it was cooked perfectly. The inside looks like a Steak House should, all dark and full of wood. The service was amazing. They work in teams and are always there when you need a dink or anything else. The only downside is the sides are pretty small.
4	I would have to say TENDER is one of the best steakhouses in Vegas. They've an awesome selection of Kobe beefs from the US, Japan, NZ and AU. We've been to TENDER 4x in the past two years. The wine selection is also great. We usually start out with a Willamette Valley Pinot then to a Sonoma Cab, and end the evening with a Port. If you don't like steak, their lobster is a good alternative. Give them a try!
1	Service was great. Ambiance was incredible. Too bad the food was horrible. I had the seafood ensemble. It included Maine scallops, Australian sea bass, & Hawaiian Blue shrimp. The seabass & shrimp were delicious, but the scallops were so overcooked they were chewy. My boyfriend had the Kobe burger, it was so salty that he couldn't even finish it. Although they were nice enough to offer to replace his food, his appetite was ruined. We left there unsatisfied. I wish their food was better because they were truly nice. Sorry to say that I won't be back.
2	very bad experience... Food was okay although we checked the menu at their website  before and when we got to the restaurant it was a different menu very disappointing... The servers where all over the place except in my table... empty glasses were not removed neither water was refill unless you asked then... silverware were not at the table at the time we got our entrees... they seemed care less about serving us... for the price that we paid we expected a nice service... not in here... we where celebrating my friend's B-day which I  mentioned when I made the reservation... we ordered dessert and not happy birthday was mentioned to us at all...  Not coffee was offered... Nothing special about this place but bad service, expensive food... will never come back neither recommend to anybody unless you don't care about your money or the service...
1	Argggggh, where do I start??  Well, I just got back from a buddy's bachelor party in Vegas and we (8 guys!) stayed at the Luxor for the long weekend.  I had actually made reservations at Nobu for this particular evening but we had a fair amount of luck at the tables so our wonderful pit boss dropped some show tickets on us...oooooof, Carrot Top???  Nevertheless, we figured good seats and a fair amount of scotch would make even Criss Angel bearable and at least Carrot Top is "supposed" to be funny.So, canceled reservations at Nobu (1st mistake) so we could hit the show which wouldn't let out until about 10:30pm and left us with dining at the hotel if we still wanted something decent for our buddy's night...steaks sounded like a no-brainer (2nd mistake).  As expected, the show let out late and we had to book it to make it down to Tender where it seemed like we were one of the last tables to be sat.  Did I mention we were a group of 8 guys celebrating a bachelor party??  Oh, because I did when I made the reservation yet we were still sat at a round table that should have sat 6 girls, at most, at an organic salad bar.  I digress...It's cool, we're gonna have some amazing service and delicious steaks...oh no you're not!  Our main server came out and did his thing where he tries to confuse you into buying the expensive water by giving  regular water a tricky name.  He then introduced us to some of the other grommets that would be helping him out.  Keep in mind that we had been drinking all day at the tables but had definitely sobered up at this point thanks to Carrot Top...so if you're picturing a boisterous crew, we were not they...yet.  A few of us ordered a beer because we knew that wine would be the night killer after a large meal.  After that, things went downhill as we barely ever saw the service again.  Beside the fact that we were seated so close together that we looked like we were in a rugby scrum, there was no sign of a bread basket or anyone to even request one from.  So, that left the few of us that didn't order apps and/or salads longingly watching the other dudes once those were delivered.  Once steaks were delivered, I was near boiling point but so hungry I didn't have the energy to complain.  Everyone at the table ordered a different cut of meat for the most part and I had the boneless strip...major potential.  HURT-ING.  Strip had no flavor whatsoever and I had to steal some of my buddy's horseradish just to put it down.  The sides we ordered (au gratin potatoes, mashed potatoes, asparagus, and mac n cheese), which we were told would be more than enough, were more like the sample you get at Costco by the time they hit all 8 of us around the table.  Did I mention we were sitting at the same table that little kids get stuck at on Thanksgiving??Bottom line was that the whole experience was horrible, service was weak, food was lacking, and we felt very rushed to get out of there since we were one of the last tables.  Whole tab was a bit over $600 and I didn't even stay long enough to see it come out.  Couple of guys stayed back, one of which is a very successful restaurateur, to complain to the manager and he acted like he could care less (3rd and final mistake, but not ours).Called the hotel that next morning and complained about the abysmal experience at Tender and they asked us how they could make it right.  The answer from 8 guys???  BUFFET.  That was the best service, ambiance, and elbow room the whole weekend and the prime rib was exquisite...muah!  Don't waste your money at Tender folks.  I've already read a few reviews that sounded identical to our experience.  Criss Angel needs to make this place disappear.  BELIEVE that!
3	Pretty decent but I wouldn't put it on the run out and do it again list!
5	We had to come back here on our last Vegas trip. Apryl had been craving the Surf 'n Turf burger for months. I ordered a fillet Mignon and my gorgeous woman chose the burger she had dreamed about, literally, a thousand times since last spring. The food was awesome, just as we expected. Presentation, flavor and temperature were all on point. I was not as impressed with our service as I was the last time. However, the food more than makes up for it.
4	We needed a place to get us in QUICK before the (absolutely horrible, negative ten stars, but that's another review) Criss Angel Cirque show. They were great - sat down our party of five, got us drinks and food superfast, but didn't rush us, and got us out and to the show (unfortunately). We had the surf and turf burger (HOW DECADENT! kobe beef and lobster?!?) which was one of the most amazing things ever. Also the trio of soups (delicious, but it wasn't steak so not as spectacular as it could've been), the ONION RINGS which somehow were as melty and  incredible as a hot Krispy Kreme donut, the roasted carrots (YUM) and the blue cheese bacon iceberg wedge. Which was also fantastic.It was all good good, good, so good. OH and the best Mojito I've had, like, anywhere. It was fabulous. We should've stayed there all night instead of rushing off to that absolutely godawful show.
2	For Vegas, I would expect a little better.I was in Vegas for a big fight weekend, staying at the Luxor. Our group debated back and forth between Tender at the Luxor and Strip Steakhouse at Mandalay. Out of convenience we chose Tender.That was a mistake. The staff was friendly, the decor was pleasant. And then it went slightly downhill.The appetizers were just okay. The oysters were oysters and tasted fairly fresh. The salads were pretty unimaginative across the table. I ordered the standard Iceberg wedge and it was okay.I ordered the beef strip steak. It was fatty and a little grisly. Another guy ordered the ribeye medium rare and it came as beat-red rare as I've seen. Not to mention the meat was not that TENDER. Two guys ordered the grass-fed bison steaks and those were pretty good. They had a nice grass-fed taste and were cooked proper. But they weren't brilliantly seared or overly juicy.The sides were pretty mediocre as well. We had the mushrooms, the creamed spinach, and mac and cheese. Nothing out of the ordinary or memorable.Overall, it wasn't the worst steakhouse experience by any stretch. It was "just okay". We left FULL but UNIMPRESSED.And unfortunately, with all the amazing choices for steakhouses in Vegas, DO YOU REALLY WANT TO SETTLE FOR "JUST OKAY"?
3	Tender is located inside the Luxor Hotel, Ate here because I was fiending for a nice piece of steak, and heard they they have fresh seafood and meat flown in daily.   Can't complain about the service because our waiter was awesome.  The head chef also made his way to our table making sure we were well taken care of, and asking us how are food was.  The decor was elegant and classy red walls, dim lighting good ambiance. Started off with the wild mushroom soup, damn i really wish they gave me a bigger portion of this soup because it was absopositively delicisous.  Never had anything like it.  I ordered their prime rib, but to tell you the truth it was whatevs, I was more into the wild mushroom soup then the prime rib lol.  Although the prime rib was a really nice cut, I couldnte even finish it all.  Overall great restaraunt out of the many restaraunts in vegas.  Pricey, but they have prix fixe menu's for that.
1	I was almost outragged after my experience and then seeing my bill. I went in the beginning of Jan 2010. We were approached by the waiter (whom was from Albany, NY- being from the east I picked up on the accent). He might as well been from Jersey because he was very brash and not at all professional. I started out ordering the tuna trio and my guest ordered one of the salads with a glass of sav. blanc and kahula and milk. The first coarses were okay- nothing to write home about, but by far the best part of our meal. We then ordered our 2nd coarses; I ordered the hanger steak cooked medium rare with a side of spinach and my guest ordered the fish trio (scallops, shrimp, and bass). My 2nd coarse had been prepared really rare, I mean almost blue (burnt on the outside, raw in the middle). The silver lining hadn't been taken off the steak so I choked with every bite. My guests scallops (her first time trying them) were grossly over cooked, little rubber bouncy balls would be a more accurate description and her entire dish was just unappealing. She finished eating her plate first and the busser removed the plate before I was done. The waiter came over and my guests plate was gone and he said, "let me guess your steak was overcooked?" Really???? She didn't even have the steak and when he took my dish away, which was barely touched he didn't even ask if it was okay. The bill was $190 for 2. You can do so much better in Vegas. Don't waste your time on this outdated restaurant!
3	Place was empty Friday night at 6pm?.?.?.  Great service, extremely strong drinks.  Like too strong.  Hard to say that about drinks in Vegas.  When we checked in we were surprised by the list of items they ran out of.  Cherry tomato's, a certain salad, some seafood dish.  Kinda odd, especially since it was not a special event weekend, or the end of a busy 1.  Portions of the food was good.  Meats were fresh, split our salad at not cost.  Some places don't do that, or don't like to.  This was a good steak dinner, just surprised by the missing food items, and people eating.  Maybe just an off night.  I will try some new places before I go back
1	We went here (group of 4) for dinner on our first evening in Vegas. After some wine (very good Merlot), I ordered the Seafood Ensemble (strip of salmon, 2 scallops & 3 shrimp). Finished a shrimp, a scallop and half the salmon, and then as I bit into the other scallop, Rocks! NotOne, not two but close to a dozen pieces. I could not eat any more. When the waiter came, I showed him the pieces of rock that I had taken out from my mouth and set aside. He came back with a plate, collected them and took them inside to show to the chef. He came back a few minutes later and said it was "rice". Said the scallops were placed next to rice, so some of ithe grains stuck to the scallops.  Now, I know rice. I can tell the difference between rice and rocks. If there was a mistake on their part,  I would understand and even appreciate if they admit it. Blatant lying is another thing.   Not only someone here was trying to coverup a mistake, but on top of it, insulting my intelligence by lying about it. I would never go back.My advise:  There are plenty of choices nearby, so go elsewhere and have a pleasant evening. Don't bother going here.
3	The American Kobe Filet was great. The other steaks we ordered were disappointing. We had two types of rib eyes and top sirloin. Tough and flavorless. Service was great and the wine list was a great value which is why I gave them 3 stars. Dessert was pretty good too. There are just too many great steak places in Vegas to be this mediocre.
5	One of the best steaks I've had in Vegas.... and anywhere for that matter. Their price fix menu is a great deal! Sun-Thurs $39.99 3-courses includes your choice of meat; I recommend the rib-eye med/rare.
4	Atmosphere: romantic, dark setting, quiet, candles on tables. We were seated at this nice booth.Food:pizza pan dish- this was actually good for 2 people and filling. Very flavorful and cheesy with a lil bit of bread.2 orders of the meatloaf stroganoff dish- meat was tender, but not a fan of meat. The mushrooms and pasta were soft too.creamed spinach- a lil too salty and creamy. spinach was nice and soft.shrimp appetizer- didn't tryService: friendly, attentive, fast, refilled water right awayBill was $110 for 4 people. Price wasn't bad.
3	Oh the Tender Steakhouse in the Luxor -- you had some promise.  Actually the place wasn't bad.  There were just some things that could have made it better.Where to begin......OK, the food, that's always the most important in the end.  It was good.  The Salmon appetizer was terrific!!  You get Salmon three different ways.  The cold and hot were awesome.  The tartar was simply magnificent, and caviar, well it was my first try -- and I didn't mind it, and this is from a non-fish person.  Terrific way to start.I had the 12oz Filet Mignon, and Heather had 1.25lb Maine Lobster, to go with a shared side of Scalloped Potatoes.  Here's where things started to fizzle a little.  My steak came out over cooked -- asked for medium, and got medium well teetering on well.  So that had to be sent back -- the second one was right on.  Cooked just right.  But not a lot of flavor, or seasoning.  Reason being is that they want you to try one of their six different accompaniments with it.  Which half way through the steak I had to.  I did the mushroom -- which was good.  Just didn't want to have to pay for a glaze to go with the steak.While I enjoyed the bite Heather had me try of the Lobster, she didn't like that the lobster was already hanging in a sauce.  Which while she thought the sauce was not bad, she would have preferred to have a dipping choice.  She did like that they took the claws out of the shell when it got to her.  The Scalloped Potatoes were fantastic!!  Caught both of us off guard.  Really good.Cocktails were pretty darn good.  I don't remember what Heather got, because I was all too consumed with my apple infused Woodford Reserve on the rocks.  Simply outstanding!The decor and atmosphere were not bad.  Nothing that made it stand out good or bad from any other high-end steakhouse I'd been to.  Though when the the fire alarm went off for a good ten minutes, and there wasn't anything said, or condolences made, that was a little irritating to be kind.Our waiter was OK.  He was nice enough, but wasn't around much.  Little disconcerting.  I will have to salute the Manager for coming by to give us a free dessert b/c of the steak temperature mishap.  Which was nice.Pretty good place if you have a voucher like we did, and are staying in the Luxor.  However in the end, it wasn't good or bad -- it just was.
4	This review is for the bar only. What I loved about this place... 1) Not crowded which was nice for a Sat night2) You can hear your friends talking while watching the action on the casino floor. 3) Bartenders who aimed to please and they did4) Complimentary side glass of olives with a dirty martini (which we asked for, I think my friend had 14 olives that night)5) Nice, clean bathrooms - very important to the ladies :)
4	She wanted steak, so we eat steak!  In town for a Muse show, stayed at the the Luxor, so ate here out of convenience.  It was overall enjoyable.  I really like the ambiance and the decore, and we were seated very quickly on a Saturday night at 6:30pm.  She got a sirloin steak, I got the buffalo.  We were both pretty much satisfied, the steak was done perfectly on both of them. It wasn't as tasty as I would've liked, but adequate.  Wine list was average, but we managed to find something we both liked.  The best part was my Mac and Cheese (notice how I capitalized it?), it was just....well good! All in all, pleasant experience, great service.
5	My wife and I dined at Tender on 4/26/10 and it was absolutely perfect. Service was exceptional, the food was wonderful and we really enjoyed the restaurant. I ordered the dry aged bone in ribeye and my wife ordered the dry aged NY strip. They were both cooked perfectly and they both tasted as good as any steak I have ever had. I would eat there again and after reading numerous reviews and laboring over which restaurant to eat at, I am very happy that I chose Tender. Btw...there is a $20 coupon on their website and they gave me the coupon when I arrived. Did I mention the steaks were awesome!
5	We stayed at the Luxor while in Vegas so we figured we had to try their steak and seafood restaurant, well that good call on our part. Service was great, food was better and the restaurant's decor was very nice. The cocktails we ordered were really really good, I had the sidecar and he had the cable car. He liked his so much he ordered about 3 more of them ;) We shared the surf and turf sliders for our appetizer, I had the braised 1.25 lb Maine lobster, my boyfriend had the 8 oz natural certified Angus beef and for our sides we got the grilled asparagus and crispy macaroni and cheese. For dessert we ordered the sampler of 4 different sorbet flavors. I believe they were red orange, mango, raspberry and a cinnamon pear? Whatever they were, they were delicious. If you are staying at the Luxor, make your way down to Tender. And even if your not staying at the Luxor I do recommend you try it.
5	I went here for dinner and was very impressed. To start with I had the wild mushroom soup which was very creamy and delicious. For my main I had the seared yellowfin tuna. The fish was very high quality and just melted in my mouth. The service was excellent.
3	Visited Tender 05/22 to celebrate a friends birthday. The decor is quite nice and sexy great lightining and not too stuck up for my taste. We started with the kobe meatloaf sliders pretty yummy except for the seaweed spread didnt work at all with the sliders. Next I had the Hawaiian Blue Prawns with risotto it was OK nothing spectacular. The mashed potatoes were delicious but its really hard to go wrong there. My friend had the hawaiian blue tuna and she wasnt impressed at all and oh I almost forgot there was a gross odor at our table the whole time which the bday girl didnt appreciate. My friend had the spare ribs and he LOVED them. Oh and the Cooler was the best cocktail I had in Vegas. overall it was OK not sure if I'd go back for the 4 of us with 2 cocktails and a glass of wine it was $220.00.
4	I want to give 4.5 stars, but I can't... so 4 stars it is.Okay, out of 10:Cream of mushroom soup = 12 (yes, out of 10... AMAZING!)Filet mignon = 10Mashed potatoes and creamed spinach = 7Service = 9I was so happy with my steak and the soup.  I was a bit underwhelmed with the sides.  All in all, I walked out a happy girl.  My date had the strip steak and loved it.  He's a meat kinda guy, and was more than satisfied.CraftSteak and Nero are still my two favorite steak places in Vegas, but Tender places above Cut...
1	My experience mirrors that of Roy R.'s, leading me to think Tender has a beef (no pun intended) against people getting married. I was part of a bachelorette party of 9 and we chose this place so that we could dress up and have a fancy meal.  It looked promising.Decor: dark lighting, dark wood everywhere, both of which are nice.  I felt like I was in the dining hall of someone's mansion.  We were seated in a semi-private room that had two long tables that could each hold 10 people.  Food: we were there on a Sunday and the majority of us chose the $39 prix-fixe menu which offered a good value: choice of soup or salad as a starter; choice of salmon, organic chicken or six ounce filet of beef as an entree; choice of cheesecake, creme brulee or flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  A glass of wine could be added for $15.  I had the salad which was quite tasty.  I had a sip of the mushroom soup--it was very mushroomy to the point of tasting almost like a seafood soup.  The beef filet was indeed very tender, but lacking in flavor.  I had to douse it in the peppercorn sauce that accompanied it.  The side order of mushrooms were delicious, as were the potato fingerlings.  The creme brulee was delicious.  Service: TERRIBLE.  Especially considering this place is supposed to be four or five star dining.  First, after we were seated, a server named Chuck came out and introduced himself as our server and asked us what we would like for drinks.  Then he went away.  Five minutes later, someone named Ezekiel ("Easy") came out and introduced himself as our server.  What happened to Chuck?  Usually servers announce a shift change; they did so earlier at the buffet we were at.  Then as Ezekiel was taking down our order, he made a tasteless joke towards the bride-to-be (will not elaborate).  When Ezekiel brought the drinks over, he brought two of us the wrong drinks and there was a few minutes of delay until the correct ones were brought out.  At one point after the entrees were served, I excused myself to the use the restroom and when I came back, 8 of the 9 dishes were cleared, including my 1/4 finished filet.  The servers were in the process of putting the unfinished side dishes into styrofoam leftover containers.  I asked if they had put my 4 ounces of steak in a doggie bag, and Ezekiel acted surprised.  "Nobody told me you were not finished."  Um, Easy, it's YOUR job to ask if I was done with my meal and given how much was left, it should've been a no-brainer!  He kept saying he didn't know and that nobody told him.  I was about to throw a fit, but 1) this is supposed to be a happy occasion and 2) we were pressed for time.  When Ezekiel brought out the desserts, I got the cheesecake even though I ordered a creme brulee and had to wait a few minutes for the correct order.  Admittedly, the drink and dessert flubs are minor, but completely not expected at a 4 or 5 star dining establishment.  Taking away someone's unfinished entree is unacceptable at any establishment.  When that happened at California Pizza Kitchen, I got a voucher for a free appetizer for the next visit.  Here, he knew he messed up royally but did nothing to make amends.  I would wholeheartedly recommend against going to Tender.
4	I'm staying at the Luxor and made reservations to try this place at the hotel as recommended by a manager at guest services.  When we got there, the hostess greeted us and told us they needed to set up the table and it'll be about 10 minutes.  Well the place had about 10 empty tables and booths(I didn't expect this bc I made reservations), so they told us to sit by the lounge area.  A waitress came by to see if we wanted cocktails, but we're not big drinkers and told her we'll order at dinner.  the atmosphere was very elegant and walls and ceilings were dark wood with dim lighting.  the booths were nice and looked good, but it's never fun to slide into the seats.  At Lawry's steakhouse, the waiter pulls out the table so you can get in easy........maybe they should do the same here.we were sitted in the booth and our waiter Chuck was very nice and patience with us..........as we took forever to order.  I ordered the prix fix menu for $39. and you get to pick either mushroom soup or salad with a balsamic dressing.  Entree choices were salmon; chicken breast or beef filet.  Dessert was creme brulee; cheesecake or flourless chocolate cake.  I choose salad, beef filet and chocolate cake.   Also, ordered a glass of cabernet savignon red wine for $19. which was very good with my dinner.the salad came out, but no one offered fresh pepper on it.  I waited a few minutes and asked Chuck for pepper and he went to bring over a salt and pepper shaker for our table.  This was a surprise bc I would think of this as a high end restaurant and they should grind fresh black pepper on my salad when they served it.  The salad was very good, but was lacking fresh walnuts or some kind of nut.the beef filet was just as I ordered it medicum rare and was tender, melt in you mouth yummy good.  the carmelized onions was yummy too.  I ordered extra red wine sauce to go with my beef, but it didn't need it.  They offer you several choice of sauces for your entree for an extra $3., but this dish didn't need it as it had very good flavor by itself.  The flourless chocolate cake with a dab of whip cream was okay.  I'm not use to eating a chocolate cake with no flour, but it wasn't bad.  I just don't understand what's so great about a chocolate cake w/o flour.  This was the least fattening of the 3 choices.My dining partner order the short rib ($25.) and ala carte yukon mashed pototoes ($7.)  It came out tender and melt in your mouth good and the mashed potatoes were perfect with it.Chuck, our waiter who's been there for 17 years explained about their dishes and how they were cooked.  We enjoyed hearing the behind the scene of the restaurant.   Overall,  the restaurant appears be high end . there are several other dining room areas and the bathrooms were elegant with cloth hand towels.  Our experience of the food was good, but we were surprised at:  ie. they didn't offer fresh ground pepper when they served the salad, The staff was not snobby and that was nice, but  Chuck was a friendly waiter, the others were very professional I thought and helpful.I would recommend this restaurant.  It's pricey, but if you want a nice treat...........it's a good decent restaurant.
4	This was our final dining experience of the three evenings we spent in Las Vegas. We booked a reservation to eat at Tender because it was convenient to the BELIEVE show we were attending that evening. We had dined at some notable restaurants the previous two evenings (both associated with celebrity chefs), so we didn't expect much. We were happily surprised! The service was excellent! The wait staff slightly older, more experienced (kudos to our waiter Juan). The atmosphere was such that we could actually hold a conversation. And, the food was superb.
5	Me and my Husband were in Vegas celebrating our 2 year anniversary.  We were staying at the Luxor and decided to have a nice dinner and chose Tender since we walked right by it each time we went to our room.  We made reservations and were seated after about 10 minutes, we waited in the lounge area and met a nice older couple visiting from London.  Our server Chuck was fantastic!We started off with 1/2 oz Caviar ($35) - first time trying it for both of us, and it was rather tasty!My husband ordered the Beef Angust Flat Iron Steak($25) with a slow roasted russet potatoe($7) - i didn't sample anything of what he ate, but he couldn't say enough good things about his meal.I ordered the Omaha Beef Filet Mignon ($40) --and OMG!! was it to die for...it melted in my mouth, and i'm still having dreams about it. All in all though I rated 5 stars, don't think i'd revisit simply because there are about 500 other restaurants i've yet to try in Las Vegas!
5	We chose TENDER over the pricier steakhouses at the other end of the strip.  We were glad we did.  I went with hubby and my dad.  We're all 3 picky steak lovers. It was very quiet considering we were right off the casino floor.  Nice Morton's type atmosphere with very attentive wait staff. Started out with a round of drinks.  Loved the Manhattan and my dad said it was the best Long Island Iced Tea he'd had in awhile.  Hubby had some firewater kind of cocktail that was very spicy.  I had the baby lettuce salad, which was their twist on the standard wedge salad.  It was fantastic and much easier to eat than a wedge! Pops had a standard tossed salad that was a nice size. Hubby had hangar steak ($27) with a humongous baked potato.  Pops and I had the Omaha fillet ($40) and it melted in my mouth.  OMG best steak ever! We were too full for dessert.Note that everything is ala carte, but they have prix fixe menus that were very reasonable for 3-4 courses.
3	Had to make a short notice trip to Vegas and found a good rate at the Luxor. This is not a review of the Luxor so off I go to Tenders with my $20 coupon. I dined alone and went there about 5:30 for dinner. I started out as the only person in my section of the dining room but by the time I left the tables started to fill. I started with a tomato variety starter which was tasty and plated nice. I got 2 different kinds of bread, not warm BTW and ordered the lamb shank with 1.25lb lobster accompanyment. The lamb was served with some type bean sauce and a sausage link that was bone dry on the inside. The lamb meat was tender and was easy to pry from the bone. The lobster was served in it's shell prepared in a buttery cheese sauce I think. I tried to save room for desert but all I could muster was a coffee after dinner drink.There is plenty of staff around. Maybe too many. I saw my waiter chatting with another employee while my order was on his tray.I was expecting more noise and stink since it is located right off of the casino but the noise wasn't too bad and there was no casino smell. Pleasant ambiance but is a little dark around the booths which may bother some people. Being right off the casino floor the location is convenient but it is not a high end restaurant even though the prices are on the high side. Overall, not a bad experience but northing special. Fits in with Luxor environment
5	This place is bomb... I couldn't be happier. I went there for my best friend's 21st birthday dinner when we were in Vegas and I had the BEST experience! My dinner was amazing, to say the least, and our waiter was quite possibly the best server I have ever had. The restaurant is so elegant and did I mention that the food is amazing?! Their drinks are top notch as well... and the best part was that I got to TAKE my cocktail with me even though I didn't finish it at dinner. Tender IS pricey, however, if you are looking for a restaurant that won't disappoint the next time you are in Vegas, this is where it's at! **Excellent for small groups and dates/relaxed dining. **Expensive, but definitely worth it.
5	Eat here all the time! The steaks are awesome, the sides are very good also. The mushroom soup is so good that once when I went with a friend and my girlfriend had me bring some home on ice so she could have it, THAT good! The drinks are exact as ordered and the bartenders are very good! Will keep going every time we are in Luxor!
5	I LOVE STEAK! Love, love, love steak! And this place has some of the best I've ever eaten.A group of friends and I stayed at the Luxor for our birthdays. I made reservations at TENDER to celebrate. The restaurant is located inside the casino.Upon arriving, we were told to wait in the lounge for a few minutes and they'd call us when the table was ready. The lounge is an awesome place to have a pre-dinner cocktail. Mohagony or Brazilian Cherry wood floors and walls. Plush padded-leather chairs and sofas. We sat here for maybe 5 minutes before they showed us to our table. The dining area had a more elegant & upscale look to it. Just by the look, you can tell you're going to be dropping some serious cash.I was trying to conserve my cash a bit for after-dinner activities (It is Vegas, afterall), so I ended up ordering the certified black angus beef flat iron steak and a side of baked macaroni & cheese. The steak was cooked to perfection! Flavorful, JUICY, lightly seasoned with just salt & pepper. And definitely TENDER. It nearly brought a tear to my eye. The mac & cheese was also VERY good. Torchio macaroni, smoked bacon, panko and white cheddar cheese. Definitely not my mom's mac & cheese. (No offense, mom)The prices here are expensive. All good steakhouses are. And the portions will look a little on the "smaller" side. But I left the restaurant feeling stuffed and quite satisfied.The service was also outstanding. The staff is friendly and courteous. Our drinks were constantly refilled. The whole place seemed to run like a well-oiled machine.TENDER Steak & Seafood easily makes it into my list of "Top Steak Restaurants", and a MUST whenever I'm dining in town.VIVA LAS VEGAS!
1	My party of two had the:Hawaiian tuna appetizer trioLobster BisqueSeafood Trio EntreeAustralian Filet MignonArmed with the 20$ off 100$ coupon, my boyfriend and I went into this restaurant for our end of the year dinner. We are two students but we have eaten in many great restaurants around this price before. With the prices we were expecting something amazing. But what we got... did not come close. To summarize I think all the entrees should have been 10-15 dollars cheaper, and still that did not excuse the terribly cooked seafood and the general lack of seasoning. The sides that usually come with the entrees are nonexistant: if you were expecting your steak with a side of potatoes you are going to be disappointed. You will be just paying for a 39$ piece of steak with nothing near it and for it to only be 8 ounces.The Good: Service was great! Lobster Bisque was very good! The juicy pieces of lobster in it were delicious.The Bad:Hawaiian tuna appetizer:Consists of: A. the poki tuna salad: nothing amazing about the seasoning, pretty standard B. the weird ginger tuna thing: it is literally tuna dripped in honey and yuzu sauce, uninteresting to the palate C. sesame crusted tuna: once again not interesting, blandSeafood Trio Entree: This was my entree. Consist of three shrimp: they were ridiculously salty. two scallop: you know that weird taste in scallops where it tastes like it just came out of the ocean and has that odd unpleasing flavor? this had it, I had to rescue it with lemon wedges. and sea bass: no flavor. did they just add salt and cook it or something? so bad, so not worth it. The Australian Filet that was 39 dollars. Literally a piece of meat on a plate. Classy...not. once again as I watched my boyfriend get his single 39$ piece of underseasoned steak I could not help but think of how awesome the prix fixe menu at Ruth Chris Steakhouse (went to the Saint Louis location) was and how much better deal it was than this single underperforming piece of steak. Who would give this five stars!!! seriously I don't understand those people.not worth it, even with the coupon. Please don't go here. There are better places to go in Vegas!! why spend 80 dollars (100$ plus tax and tip) for two people and eat terribly!!
4	Two words:  Kobe chili!  My wife had the Bison one night and the range platter the next.  I stuck with my old stand by, the Filet.  Great food and staff.  Little pricey considering their in the Luxor but would return.
3	Great service.  Very disappointed with the dry aged rib-eye steak.  The French fries were better than the steak.  I don't plan to go back.
4	We can always count on Tenders Steakhouse for a hearty meal. Eating here is not an inexpensive experience as the sides are ala carte but you walk away satisfied. We enjoyed our New Year's Eve dinner here. My husband and I split the Winter Garden Greens Salad. Greens were fresh and not wilted. The vinaigrette was very tasty. Interestingly we were not offered fresh cracked pepper.My husband ordered the black angus beef hanger tender (10 oz) with a side of grilled asparagus and Yukon mashed potatoes. The beef was very tender and not overly seasoned. The vegetables were also well prepared.I ordered my favorite the veal osso buco over a creamy polenta. Wow, it was rich and savory. It comes on a bed of polenta along with onions, potatoes and celery. I'll have another please...A bit disappointed in desert.  Knowing how long a souffle takes to cook I let the server know that I would be having the dark chocolate souffle when we ordered our entree. He was a bit surprised by my request and said it would be fine to order it after my meal. So I did and low and behold it came to the table under cooked. Geeee what a surprise. So we asked that another be brought to the table cooked. 15 minutes later another souffle appeared slightly better then the first. I ate a little of it and left the rest. Long story short, the server did not charge us for the souffle. Kudo's to him.We will return!
3	I liked the restaurant and service but my food was not cooked right which made me sad. I had a filet minion and lobster tail but my steak was overcooked. I didnt like that the sides were al la carte as well.
5	Best creme brulee I've ever had. Servers consistently up front about pricing on specials. Great infused spirits that are unique.
4	Went here after the happy hour deals. Darn!  Ordered the lobster bisque.  Awesome!  Creamy and rich.  Kobe beef sliders were really tender but I didn't quite like that it had a slice of grilled fish.  Tuna appetizers had 3 different kinds of asian style raw tuna.  Also really high quality.   It's expensive here and it Vegas.  Be aware of hidden taxes and fees when you go to Vegas.  All in all pretty good.
5	Rolled up on this place looking for a place to eat after walking the strip for too long looking for a good place to eat.I felt a little out of place in my T-shirt and cap and in fact I was asked to remove my hat for the dining area.Portions are small but the food is great! I had the lamb chops and my wife had the Australian tail.Yes it's a little on the high side but you get bang for your buck.
4	Semi-awesome little steak restaurant inside the Luxor, decor is very Frank Sinatra-ish.  Service is OK, food is good but can definitely find a better place for the same amount of price you pay here and with bigger portion.
4	Had a romantic dinner at Tender.  It's a pricey and classy place -- I was surprised to see some people wearing jeans in there, but that's the way restaurants are going these days.  When we were first seated, there was a very noisy, large party sitting near us.  We politely asked to be moved, and the servers immediately escorted us to a more quiet table.  Service, in general, was very good, with a team of two servers caring for an area.  Many steak choices, including kobe beef.  Also saw a wild game sampler.Delicious bread and salads before our meal.  I ordered the lobster, and hubby ordered the filet and lobster.  We were both extremely happy with what we ordered. To top it off, we had an amazing dessert that was plenty big for the two of us -- graham cracker crust, flourless chocolate cake, and marshmallow (yep, s'mores!), which was presented very well.
5	I'll save you the trouble and simply tell you what you should order:The lobster soup.Arugula saladFilet Mignon (Australian cut)And if you have one other person that doesn't mind a wandering fork:Order your guest the mahi mahi pasta in pesto cream sauce, and down it all with one of their impressive wines.I was so impressed with the hospitality, service and quality at this restaurant, it nearly made up for all of the subpar places we visited all around it.
4	We meet some people there for a meal after their wedding.  We got a glass of wine and soda at the bar, and it was $23.00.  $19 for the glass of wine, and $4.50 for the soda.  We were seated and the menu was to the point.  We ordered, and the service was excellent.I got Filet Mignon and Shrimp.  The steak was very tender, and the shrimp was nice.  The only minus was that the shrimp didn't have any flavor to me.  There was also no salt or pepper on the table.  I would have liked to put some on my baked potato.Overall, it was a good meal.  Rather expensive for a place at the Luxor.
1	Ordered medium well, got brown on the outside and red inside.   What I would call "alive and kicking." A decent chef would not be that off in his cooking.  Once was enough for me.
2	Ate here, as we were staying at the Luxor.  My girlfriend and I split the wild game tasting plate. It had antelope, boar, and venison.  All of it was fine, but nothing special. I can highly recommend the beef carpacchio though.The filet mignon (12oz) that my friend got did look almost perfect though.
5	Super Impressed by this steakhouse!!!! Me & my fiance were in Vegas on vacation staying at the Luxor. Both of us had just bought foot long margaritas at Last Call and were going to go have Mexican at "Taco & Tequilas" (little snotty chicks work there...dont waste your time) The young lady (if I can even call her that) that was hosting at T& T said that we could not bring our margaritas in and would have to dump them out....AHHH, FRICKEN EXCUSE ME?? We were not going to dump our drinks out, so we just turned around, didn't acknowledge her and left! LITTLE BRAT! We then decided to try Tender! We asked if we could bring our drinks in and if it was ok to wear shorts. Hostess said "Of course, bring your drinks in and we are a casual restaurant! YIPPEE!!! We sat down and bottom line....HAD THE BEST MEAL IN VEGAS!! I had the fillet Mignon & Drake had the T-bone. We split the mushrooms with the agratin potatoes (very cheesy, very yummy) Steak melted in your mouth, absolutely delicious!!!! We got the check and with tax it was about $175..but worth every penny! I will go back again & again. Servers were also outstanding. They wait on you hand and foot and you never need to ask for a thing! MUST TRY IF YOU ARE EVER IN VEGAS!!!
4	Always stay at the Luxor and finally decided to try this place.  Excellent food, service, ambiance, and wine.  Girlfriend and I both got the filet medium rare, broccoli, asparagus, garlic mashed potatoes, and lobster bisque with pinot grigio to drink.  Steaks were juicy and well cooked.  I added the A1-style homemade sauce (bomb!) and a crab medallion (make your own surf and turf for half the price.  Total bill with tip was under $200 for 2 people.  There is a $20 off coupon in all the rooms if you stay at the hotel.   Only thing stopping this place from getting 5 stars is that it lacks windows or a view.  For this reason, I still prefer the Range at Harrah's for Vegas steak.
4	We were running late for the Criss Angel Show in the Luxor and ended up having dinner here b/c of it's location.  Not having had time to read any reviews, I was skeptical and at first suggested we order only apps.  But the gentleman at the Luxor front desk was so convincing in his recommendation, and the staff was so nice when we walked in, that we decided to go for it.  We were pleasantly surprised!  We sat at the bar and ordered the bartender's recommendation:  13oz Bison steak and a wild game sampler (with antelope, wild boar and venison).  The day's special had a side of mushroom risotto that the bartender informed us was also available ala carte.  All were incredible!Service was great... not impeccable... but great!  Again, super friendly, responsive and attentive.We got out of there with two delicious meals, a half bottle of Chateauneuf-du-pape, and two shots of espresso for under $200.  Perfect in our book!Side note:  Stop at Tenders. Do not proceed to Criss Angel.
3	I went here right as they were closing, which made the food come out extra quick, obviously cause the staff wanted to leave.That was one of the few good things, and there aren't too many compared to other fine dining in las vegas.Anyway, the decor is pretty cool. Reminds me of an old country club style or maybe even a law office with dark wood and comfortable booths. also a plus.The wine and cocktail lists were good. They had a wide variety of stuff, this is standard in Vegas though.I had the halibut for an entree and I must admit it was pretty good! The reason why this only gets three stars is because of the appetizers. The chili was bland, I like staggs better and it's much cheaper. The shrimp cocktail was...small, expensive and are probably the same shrimp you can get at the all you can eat buffet. Overall, food was average, everything else was great. There's so many good places in Las Vegas, it's hard to give this anything more than 3 stars.
5	We ate here twice in the night.  First (preshow) in the bar for bloody mary's and oysters, then (after show) for our dinner.  Both were very good but costly.  My New Zealand ribeye was one of the better cuts of beef I ever had.  Very good service classy but not stuffy and they treated us like we mattered.
5	Okay here we go, here we go! FANTASTIC!!!When staying at Luxor Hotel in Vegas or even if you aren't staying at that hotel, but are visiting Vegas. This place is a must visit. Our dinner choices were-1) an ice cold, crisp, and delicious iceburg lettuce salad, with blue cheese crumbles, and dressing, and fresh fresh plump tomatoes. One of the best i've ever had, and I am a huge fan of these salads, so i've had many.2) The main course ala carte was the Huge Australian Rock Lobster Tail-OMG!!!! Massive in size, perfectly cooked, wonderful tail.. They served it piping hot, still steaming as it arrived, with a draw of butter. No crazy accompaniments or sauces. Just delicious firm,( never chewy), melt in your mouth lobstel that was approx 12-15 nice sized bites of this lovely sea creature. Very rich and satisfying. You and I both know how a tail will usually just be a tease, and give you like 4-5 decent sized bites. Well not this hummer. It was a mega bionic Lobster tail. I've had this type of lobster tail before, but this one put the others to shame. Both in it's preperation (perfect) and its largeness, and it's simplicity.  A must eat!3) A wonderful buttermilk and truffle shaving- side of mashed potatoes. A large helping- it was more than enough for two of us. It could've actually served three people. Very rich, and satisfying with just the right muddling of flavors. Perfect with the lobster.4) i would've liked to also try their mashed japanese eggplant and/or their grilled olive oil sea salt brushed asparagus, as they presented and smelled delicious at the table next to us, but we were getting a large enough infusion of both deliciousness and calories to overpower even the biggest foodie or Wisconsinite. (kidding)5) I am a huge cheesecake fan and have enjoyed it at literally hundreds of places over my close to 50 years. HANDS DOWN! THE BEST EVER! DIDJA HEAR ME?! THE BEST EVER...and yes i've been to the Cheesecake Factory several times for dinner. No comparisonLet me tell you why.This cheesecake was listed as a New York Cheesecake. Now let me tell you about the ingredients. Picture it....Combination of full fat cream cheese, and a mild light goat cheese combination (no not the pungent goat cheese). a light and mild happy well fed organic pampered goat giving it up for this heavenly concoction of dessert heaven. So cream cheese and goat cheese, on an apple cinnamon graham cracker crust. (super dense and thick) perfect aftertaste of like a madagascar cinnamon. Fantastic. There's more.A warm caramel sauce on the side and drizzled over the slice and the plate, a small amout of crushed pecans, and  marzipan cream likely infused with a touch of citrus-.all on the side. which if you took a dab of the marzipan, the carame-l and the crushed nuts, and then a nice sized bite of the cheesecake along wtth a morsel of the curst.  Explosion!!!! of the best sweet, and a miniscule amont of slavory flavorings in your mouth that will leave you sitting with a face where one might think you are having a stroke. Such HEAVEN! The flavors and texture combined were almost shameful, it was sooooo good!My partner enjoyed a cheese plate for dessert (3 cheeses) a delicious pungent blue cheese, a camembert that was perfection, and a goat cheese that was slightly pungent but very creamy, and all were accompanied perfectly by crusted bread, figs, nuts, chutne,y and sea salt.  Very much a go for it after dinner bit of deliciousness easily could've served two!RAPTURE! I could only take about 6 bites of the cheesecake,  before i was near coma. Could've served two people easily along with strong cup of espresso....NOW--, we enjoyed a meal that could only be described as in my top 10 EVER! and i love my food, eat out often, in both moderately priced, to very famous and pricey venues. This kicked most of the places asses- and was of the same league as Michael Minna- and Fleur De Lys in San Francisco.,,,for maybe half the price. My partner enjoyed two glasses of a dry oakey Chardonnay and we shared a liter of sparkling italian water...Total damage was less than $180...not including the tip. Would've easily been $300 in San Fransisco where we live.Very reasonably priced. The service was excellent. The ambiance very nice. It was designed well and looked like it could've been an old established 5 star 80 year old steak and seafood house We enjoyed nice dim lighting, the best leather seating, flowers, etc.. There was never a moment when we felt rushed, or that we got too little, or too much service. It was a well constructed meal that was choreographed perfectly from beginning to end. . You could NEVER go wrong. 5 star all the way.We can't speak to the rest of the menu, but it held about 6 cuts of steak, about 10 exotic side dishs ,a well appointed menu, with a nice selection of wine, a nice seafood section, and a nicely put together dessert menu. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
4	The food was fantastic, as well as the service. If you like fine dinning this is a great place to go while in Vegas. Quick Tip: If you don't know how to order steak don't go here. You can't have well done steak (overcooked). It takes away from eating tender juicy steak.
1	THIS was the worst Steak house I have ever been in!!! The service was horrible. We got treated like second rate citizens and the food was less than average for the prices they charge for an Ala cart steak house. I have been to Vegas plenty of times and have eaten at tons of Steak & Seafood places. I WILL NEVER eat here again. Our waiter was so rude to us that we left him a 5% tip...he deserved $0 but they did get our order right. It's a shame that our trip to Vegas was Fantastic and this place was the one bad points of our trip. DO NOT EAT HERE!!
4	Very tender... Veal porterhouse is highly recommended :)
5	70+ visits and Tender continues to deliver!!!This is my goto spot to unwind in Vegas.  Why?1.  Top notch service especially at the bar.  Bar staff is incredible.  Perfect if your dining alone.2.  Simple food done right.3.  Well chosen "special" ingredients (like their butter... ask them about how its sourced, and the game).4.  Very reasonable prices. (Expect to pay less than $100 for a couple of drinks and dinner especially with all the discounts they give you just for walking into the Luxor).As always, the rule with Tender is, if its different, order it, else keep it simple.The charcuterie and deli meats (different) is outstanding.  It includes wild boar sausage, duck ham, and antelope pastrami with a selection of mustard.  Wow!  The salmon sampler (simple) is also well worth the try.  Both are large portions and can easily be a light meal if you pair it with a drink.For mains, its all about the meat.  Take your pick of the cuts and different producers.  This is the short list:  American Kobe from Mishima Ranch, Durham Ranch Bison, Strauss Farm veal, and free-range Berkshire Heritage pork.  Any cut.  All incredible and take the classic flavors of each type of meat to the limit. You will notice this immediately.Finally, if you're adventurous, have the wild game tasting or if they have it as a special order the elk chop.  I can't even describe how good these dishes are.Skip the sides unless you are really hungry.RECOMMENDED
3	Enjoyed drinks at the lounge last night.  Friendly service, reasonably priced wine list and relaxing environment.
5	Who would have thought a steakhouse in the Luxor would be a treat! To be honest, our first choice was to try Carnevino in the Palazzo but couldn't get a table - ARGGGG - so we "settled." But to our surprise - the services was excellente! Granted the apps were a little pricey but what isn't at these restaurants right?! I digress - why talk about the money in Vegas.It was a party of 12 so we ordered just about every appetizer there was on the menu - the escargot was delicious, but comes in services of 4 per order - the entire time I was thinking about how much escargot I could get a the buffet down the street!! LOLFor our main, I ordered their Rib-eye steak, medium rare and the wife ordered a filet mignon. I have to say, my 20oz piece of steak was DELICIOUS - it was the way I wanted it cooked - crispy on the outside, juicy inside. TENDER may very well be added to the family destination for Vegas from now on...will have to return for a second time to see if the service and food is consistent - then it'll become a family tradition!!!
5	Wonderful food.  Had the seafood ensemble and it was fantastic!  Staff and service rocked!! Would eat again for sure.
3	I only know this place from loitering in the restaurant after it was closed. (When I say closed, everything was open and completely accessible.) The chairs were UBERcomfy. Security kicked us out though at 4:30 am. Sorry - we didn't know!
5	My partner and I had dinner and dessert at the Tender to celebrate our anniversary. At our table we were greeted by two very attentive gentleman that took very good care of us throughout our dining experience. The ambiance was electric, the service was slendid, the steak was like butter, the mashed potatoe with truffles was delicious, and last but not least the chocolate fondue was extremely yummy.. 5 stars from the beginning to the end.
3	Meat was average (good, not bad). Meaning, your typical USDA Prime cuts. They had an american wagyu that is probably good. Id recommend their range fed new zealand filet. Really good. Great sides. Good desert. Prompt service, but waiters lacking true steakhouse feel/knowledge and no personality. Overall good.
1	The steak here is awful for a steakhouse. Granted I came here because it was part of a package we got and it was a prix fixe for five-top but it was still awful. For a place called "Tender", their medium filet mignon was anything but tender.  I felt like was eating rubber. The salad was nothing special and the dessert flourless chocolate cake was not good at all.
5	One of the bright spots during our stay at the Luxor.5 star restaurant all the way.Tip - Try the strawberry shortcake for dessert and the espresso martini as an after dinner drink. YUM O!
1	By far the worst steakhouse I have gone to, and I have gone to alot of steak houses, unprofessional waiters, horrible food, I ordered filet mignon and they brought me some rump roast, desert was horrible, I threw away 150$ on them, they should close that place down
2	Stayed in the Luxor over the weekend and decided to have a nice dinner our last night in Vegas and before going out on the strip. I had the Scottish salmon and my friend had a filet. I've had better salmon for half the price!! My friend agreed also. I tried her filet and it was pretty dry. The heirloom tomato w/ mozzarella appetizer was great, if you love tomatoes. We wanted to make up for our just ok expensive meals so we treated ourselves to grandma's chocolate cake for dessert. It was absolutely delicious!! I would have been 100% content had I just had the dessert instead. Other than that, the service was pretty good.
2	I went to tender steak house in 2009. First started off with the waiter treating us like we knew nothing about food. There menu is huge and a couple of meats that we wanted they didn't have in stock. The carpaccio was warm and very unappetizing. I got a kobe beef sirloin it was not TENDER at all. My friend had the dry aged rib eye which he said was great. Overall the meal wasn't worth the money. Comfy decor just not worth the money.
5	My friend & I  wanted something quick before seeing the Criss Angel show (excellent show by the way) and stopped in at Tender since it's adjacent to the box office.  The entire staff was accommodating in providing quick, yet attentive, service.We decided on a variety of appetizers: the pumpkin ravioli (awesome), tomato & buffalo mozzarella (fresh & light), the surf & turf sliders (delightfullly different) and split the Kobe chili (just the right flavor). Of course, pre-show cocktails were a must and love that our martinis were shaken at the table.  Nice touch!The ambiance, service and quality of the appetizers has sold me to return to experience a full dining evening at Tender in the VERY near future!
5	We ate here in 2010 after the Rock and Roll 1/2 marathon but we were totally shitfaced. I mean, I barely remember the meal. The one thing I remembered was this cream-based Mushroom soup. Holy shit. I couldn't remember what restaurant we were in, the wine, our meals, any appetizers, if we had desert...but this goddamn soup, I remembered.This year, we wandered the Luxor and the Mandalay searching for the fabled magical soup we barely remembered sure that we ate in one of these restaurants. We asked the hostess about the soup, she confirmed and in we went.The service was ok. The guy was good, but not great. For a waiter in a steakhouse, I wasn't impressed with his knowledge of beef. We weren't 100% about the soup, so we decided to order one, taste it and order another if it was it. When he brought the soup to the table, my girlfriend and I looked down at the plate and said, "Yes. This is the mythical soup we remember." After one taste, we ordered the second bowl. Freaking unbelievable. Such good stuff.I ordered the flatiron, J ordered the beef pot roast. Without hesitation, I can say that this was the best piece of meat I've ever had. The knife slid through the tender goodness without even applying pressure to the top. It was cooked perfectly. The pot roast was good, but not great. We actually chatted about how our crockpot pot roast was a little bit better than this.The wine selection was good, the ambiance was great and the busser service was very nice.The following day, we stopped back again for more soup and a few glasses of wine. That's how good this soup is.We'll be back for another flatiron and another bowl next time we're in Vegas.
5	Lobster Bisque and Kobe is excellent. Have a great selection of British Earl Grey, Black Tea.
4	I had dinner here in November of 2011, and was thoroughly impressed. The ambiance was great and the menu was impressive. I had the New Zealand Filet Mignon w/ sweet potatoes for a side (I wish I could have sweet potatoes w/ every meal). My filet was prepared perfectly, and my friends enjoyed their Ribeye &Pork Tenderloin. The wine selection was great and surprisingly affordable. I had a Malbec that paired great w/ my Filet. We had to skip on dessert, but the Creme Brulee looked amazing.
3	We had a bison steak and mushroom risotto here. The bison was good, but I've definitely had better. The presentation is kind of drab for what you're paying. The steak was literally a slab of meat on a plate.... no garnish, nada. The mushroom risotto, on the other hand, was probably one of the best I've ever had. The menu is not particularly vegetarian friendly, so I was left with fish dishes or sides... I chose the side. This is a restaurant you come to if you are staying at the Luxor and don't want to walk anywhere. For ambience, interaction, something else, you're better off walking to Mandalay Bay since there are much more fine dining options.
4	We tried Tender only because we were already staying at the Luxor. The food was ok, but I wish we would have used our limited time better and check out a different place. The presentation of the meat is lacking. The steaks were ok, but not keeping up with other steakhouses on the strip. The bill wasn't shocking, so that was a nice surprise.
4	Yes! Excellent dinner there last evening. Steak cooked to order. Mushroom and broccoline sides very good as well. HUGE Cosmo cocktail. Large serving of wine by the glass. Definitely worth repeating. Great choice prior to Chris Angel show due to proximity.
4	Overall a great place to grab dinner in Vegas for a reasonable price (by Vegas standards). Lobster bisque is tops!
3	Just okay. Service was friendly, but stacked and rushed. After we asked for a leisurely evening, dinner came out while appetizers were still on table. I expect that from TGI Fridays, or some other such $$-$$$ restaurant, I definitely don't expect it from a $$$$ restaurant. Food was tasty, as expected, but not amazing or above expectations.Decor was classy - traditional dark grain leather steak house look. Music was totally not fitting - soft pop and top 40. Which I might like at the lounge but seemed weird and out of place here.
5	If you receive Juan and Raul as your servers, you are in for great service and entertainment.  The food is excellent.  They are attentive, personable, and I did I mention their impeccable
4	Alas, this was my last Restaurant Week meal in Las Vegas!  Diane and I had never been to Tender before, and had heard good things about it, so arrived with the hope of experiencing some fine steaks.  Instead, since Diane ordered the 10 oz. Range-fed New Zealand Beef  Ribeye, just to taste a wider variety of food and because I didn't really feel like eating a steak, I ordered the Organic Free-Range Jidon Half Chicken with Potato Dumplings and Marsala Sauce.  What a fortuitous change of plans!  That chicken was ultra-moist and probably the most delicious fowl I have ever eaten.  Fall off the bone tender, and packed with flavor!  I almost never order chicken when I am dining out unless it is Chicken Parm, but I would go back and order THIS CHICKEN!    To not get too far ahead of myself with this meal, bread and butter were good but I had a 15-minute wait before receiving my first ordered Iced Tea, but was finally told by my server after my third request that the Iced Tea was being brewed, and that was the cause for the delay.  Fresh-brewed Iced Tea!  Okay, I was willing to cut some slack for that.  I guess this was "Beverage Problem Day" for me, for after being asked if we wanted sparkling or still water, I said "still," and then water began being poured out of two Vero bottles into our water glasses.  Since I really only wanted tap water, I belatedly asked if there was a charge for the water and was told "only" $5 per person, with unlimited refills.  I mentioned to our server that I really only intended to receive tap water (because Diane hates to pay for bottled water), and he said, "Okay, I won't charge you for the water."  And, he began to pour more bottled water into our glasses.  I told him that wasn't necessary, and he could switch to tap water.  But the server insisted that the water would be free, and continued to pour us bottled water for the duration of the meal--which I thought was a nice but unexpected gesture.  I would have appreciated knowing at the outset though that specifying still water was going to result in a charge, and did not signify a request for tap water to our server.  Another option would be for diners to be asked if they preferred sparkling, still, or tap water.  Then no misunderstandings should result.Soup was next.  I had an interesting, creamy Mushroom Soup, and Diane a creamy Lobster Bisque.  I followed my soup with a very good Caesar Salad composed of Romaine and dark greens, with a fine Caesar Dressing and a Cheese Crisp.  A thick Bearnaise Sauce was very good on the steak, and a side of Fried Russet Potatoes yielded a ton of fresh, crispy French Fries accompanied by housemade tomato ketchup and a mild Mustard Aioli.We finished with an excellent, large Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee and good, refreshing Vanilla Bean Gelato with a waffle-patterned Chocolate Cookie.The restaurant's ambiance was classy, woodsy, and clubby, with a labyrinth of dining rooms unified by several framed arboreal photographs.  I enjoyed hard driving music in the background, including the Rolling Stones' "Jumpin' Jack Flash."  Service got better and better and was really good once the dinner got rolling in earnest--much like a train smoothly gliding on railroad tracks.  I was impressed enough from the whole experience to want to return!
4	A bit pricey, but as expected by the decor and menu. The bathroom has real towels, not paper! Try the wild game sampler, very yummy
5	Tender is not what you would expect at Luxor in a good wayLuxor is not a hot bed for great spots to eatApp- Short Rib Ravioli or Beef Carpaccio or both 5 star appsMain- Wild Game tasting menu is amazing get the chantey on the sideIt's something you can't get anywhere elseSide- Yukon Mashed Potatos better then grandmasDessert- Bananas Foster Bread pudding Very nice spot
3	The atmosphere was very nice the staff were very professional and very knowledgeable of the menu and food preparation. food portions small which is good for me, but some people like a little more for the price. Had the soup trio loved, loved the mushroom cream, tomatoes basil, but the lobster tail not so good, i actually think it made me sick. After trying this I wasn't feeling good. Overall it was good, but I'm not sure I would go back anytime soon. The food was not bad but not to die for.
5	Great atmosphere and great food. The filet mignon was soooooo good.
2	We came here for the daily Cheese and Wine Tasting. The service and atmosphere were excellent. Top notch. However, the wine we tasted wasn't good. The bottles had been open a few days prior. The cheese was good,  it portions were tiny. Each portion was about the size of two half-dollars.  Not a great value.
2	Great service. Overpriced food. We went here for dinner while in Vegas. I had the cioppino and my girlfriend had the New Zealand filet mignon. The sides are a la carte but they are huge, enough for 4 people. However, the entree portions are not big at all. My cioppino was overpriced for the portion size, and you don't get salads included. The wine prices were also very high. In all, the service was great but the food does not justify the price in my opinion. Eat here only if you have a coupon or discount and it would probably be worth it.
4	All my Vegas reviews start the same way ... by stating that overall the food in the whole city is over rated.  Too pricy for too little!  But Tender really impressed me.  The food is actually great quality.  Not surrounded by a lot of hype.  This is just a good classic steakhouse.
2	TENDER steak and & seafood looks like an old-school steakhouse, with its dark leather chairs, hazel floors, and its burnished umber surroundings. But this restaurant in the Luxor also plays by its own rules, offering diners a chance to sample meats like bison, venison and boar.My first visit here was a late night one. The main restaurant was slowly closing for the night, but the bar and lounge were still open. We ordered a selection of cheeses and the charcuterie board that included wild boar sausage, duck ham, and antelope pastrami. Those quick bites hit the spot, and along with their selection of Belgian ales, led to our decision to visit a second time.    Unfortunately, trip number two was a bit of a disappointment. First the good. The appetizer I sampled was astounding. It was a short rib ravioli that was cooked to perfection and served with a horseradish marinara sauce and a bit of crisped smoked bacon. I would highly recommend it.Having dabbled with their game meats the last time I was here, I ordered the wild game tasting as my main. I was feeling adventurous, and I imagined if it was good enough to be on the menu alongside the Omaha beef and Kurobuta pork chops, they knew what they were doing. The tasting included three meats, but sadly, each one was tougher and a bit more disheartening than the last one. I need to stress that this wasn't my first encounter with wild game. I've typically eaten it in bit and bites, most often in sausage, or cured, or served tartare style, as I did on my first visit to TENDER. I know these meats can be quite tough if cooked less than perfectly, which is why they're often served as charcuterie items. You get the full flavor without having to gnaw through meat that would be better used to make Lady Gaga a Grammy dress.The wild boar loin was the best of the lot and did echo this restaurant's name, but the venison medallion served alongside it was a bit too dense. Venison tends to be drier than beef, because it lacks the same kind of fat marbling in its meat, and this cut was cooked just a bit too long for my liking. Next.The Nilgai antelope osso buco was even more vexing. A perfect osso buco is cooked low and slow and falls off the bone. This one was simply unyielding. To be fair, I've never cooked antelope myself, much less in an osso buco, but my understanding is that the process is very similar to the veal version, and the meat should be cooked slowly until it is fork tender. This was not the case on this night, and most of the meat on my plate remained uneaten.It's truly unfortunate, because this dish was priced at $36, which is not unreasonable. It's low enough where one might be willing to gamble that amount for a new foodie experience -- this is Vegas after all -- and a fair price for the exotic meats  included in this tasting. But they were definitely not representative of what they could be, and I would hate to think someone might be enticed to try them (as I was) and leave with the wrong impression: "I went to Vegas and ate antelope! It wasn't that good. It was dry and tough. It's probably just a gimmick, but I can scratch it off my bucket list." I am not, however, ready to condemn TENDER completely, and might try a regular steak there some day, just to see if they've got the chops to handle the chops. I did really like the side I ordered with my sampler -- a trio of exotic grains that included a quinoa and corn pilaf,  farro piccolo, and black forbidden rice. I am also fond of the cheeses they have available, that are typically served with fresh baguette, honeycomb, dates, quince paste and a cherry fig chutney. I would suggest the cabernet sauvignon soaked Purple Moon Cheddar from California's San Joaquin Valley, the nutty Marieke gouda from Wisconsin, and the butter-like San Andreas sheep's milk cheese from Valley Ford, California, if they're ever on the menu.
2	I know I probably deserve some hate for rating this place so low for ordering a salmon in an exotic red meat joint; but still, why even offer fish if the same level of attention won't be devoted to it?The appetizer was the special heirloom tomatoes with buffalo mozzarella. Coupled with the pesto-pumpkin seed-olive oil from the bread, this dish was awesome. These were the fruitiest, juiciest tomatoes I have ever tasted. Buffalo mozzarella was top notch too; melted in your mouth.We actually smelled the fishy smell right as the waiter placed the salmon dish on the table. It must have been sitting in that freezer for a good while before they cooked it. The dish was totally sub par, I didn't even finish it. The garlic mash it came with was good but I've had better for the price.So yeah, stick with the antelope.
2	when i dine on the strip i fully expect to be overcharged for everything.  that is not the reason for my low review.  i was skeptical after reviewing the menu before being seated.  I should have jumped in the car and went to one of my usual hangouts but i was staying at the luxor and didn't want to leave the hotel.  the menu is very boring.  not a single signature dish.  yes, it's a steak house but come on.  to the food.  we started with a caesar and a bowl of lobster bisque.  the caesar, like everything else, lacked seasoning.  it was passable, but barely.  the soup was a little better.  no where near enough lobster flavor but it was ok.  it could have used a dash of cognac or something too.  we shared the porterhouse.  it came out before we were done with our salad and soup which was a complete turnoff.  it was also under cooked.  not just on the inside, but on the outside as well.  the broiler they are using isn't hot enough.  it doesn't put a nice char on the meat.  the steak was also severly under seasoned.  it was also a choice cut (which i would bet was bought from larry's meats).  at 58 bucks i felt violated.  we also had the obligitory lobster mac and cheese.  it was pretty good.  finally, we sat at 6:45.  when we received the check i presented a 15 dollar off coupon i was given when checking in.  i was told it was not good after 7.  i guess when you rely on tourists you don't have to go the extra mile.  how is that working out for you vegas? in a few words, this place is a complete turn off.
3	I had the opportunity to eat at TENDER steak and Seafood on a recent business trip to Las Vegas.I love bison.  I cannot find it at too many places, but Tenders had it on the menu.  I ordered the Bison Ribeye.  As an appetizer they brought us a sampling of different breads and edible oils.  The Rye was way better than I was expecting, and the sourdough was great.Then the Ribeye showed up.  I also ordered the green peppercorn sauce to add a little bit of kick to the Bison.  Normally I slather horseradish on my steaks, but they didn't have it as an option.  The bison ribeye was great.  My taste buds loved it.  So why did I rate the place as A-OK.  Quite simple - for $30 there should have been some veggies and mashed potatoes on my plate in addition to the single solitary piece of meat.  This would have been a 4-5 star rating if the meal included these two items in the meal.For dessert I had the Banana Bread Pudding.  I love Bananas, Cinnamon and Bread Pudding so combining them in one dish was awesome.  During my trip I kept thinking of sneaking back some evening just to have this awesome dessert again, but sadly I didn't make it back.
5	The food here is very good.  The bread starter was very good with pesto oil.  I got the veal osso buco which was cooked excellently with polenta.  The sides here are awesome too.  The spinach and potato au gratin are so rich and delicious.  Also, the wait service is attentive and accommodating.
5	Best steak of my life!
3	This review focuses on 4 letters: K-O-B-E and can be summed up in 4 words - prices don't match quality. I guess that's what happens when you don't have time to go to Japan, Hong Kong, or Macau to have authentic KOBE beef. You think you can get by with American KOBE to satisfy your taste curiosity. But keep that box on your bucket list unchecked. It was Thanksgiving weekend. We ordered the following dishes at Tender.Filet Mignon: wagyu Kobe-style beef, Dixon Ranch, North Dakota (boneless 8 oz) ($80)Filet Mignon: black angus Omaha beef  (boneless 12 oz) ($49)Top Sirloin: wagyu Kobe-style beef, Snake River Farms, Idaho  (10 oz) ($35)Grilled asparagus ($9)Visuals and TastesSizes shouldn't matter in this case as long as good things come in small packages. In retrospect, although we should have toned down our expectations, we couldn't help but feel a bit disappointed when the waiter showed us the portions. It's a piece of small steak, accompanied by a few drips of sauce and a tiny bit of onions. The dishes all look quite "lonely". By that, I don't mean exquisite like some French cuisine. I mean the chef who prepared our food probably didn't bother to showcase any traces of his vision of food arts. The steak looked overcooked despite it was easy to cut through. It's tender enough and juicy on first bite. But the flavor was rather bland and uninspiring. I had better KOBE-style beef before and honestly think some sub-thirty-dollar steaks from certain steakhouse franchises can top this. The overall quality of KOBE beef at Tender doesn't warrant their price tags.Since I'm giving 3-stars, I should leave this review with something positive. The ambience. it is great for couples who enjoy dining under dim lights as part of their romantic getaway.
5	Everything we ordered in TENDER was delicious and perfectly cooked. A bit overpriced, but tasted perfectly. The only thing that wasn't right - server asked which side do I want with my steak and  I chose one and then I realized they charged me for this side, even though other dishes came with sides, included in the price. So if you charge for side dishes that come with steak - I would make it clear for customer. Everything else, again, is perfect.
3	Went in here for a steak.Got the New Zealand rib-eye rare.  The cook that day didn't get it to the proper temp, so it was mostly steak tartare slightly grilled.  Bleh.  We were in a hurry, so I ate what I could. Mashed potatoes were very good.Service was fine.There are other fantastic steak joints in town.  If you have the time, I would check thoe out first.
4	After reading mixed reviews I was not sure what to expect, but what we got was great... and to us at an extremely reasonable price for a several course meal in a typically nice steak house atmosphere, with very good service and knowledgeable wait staff.  We started with a bottle of Casiller Del Diablo... a nice medium bodied Cabernet recommend by the manager as they were out of our first 2 choices, by the way which they were extremely apologetic about and offered several alternate suggestions at the same price range. Paired with the cheese tasting... 3 or 5 samples of artisan cheese with 6 baguettes, dates, jams, candied walnuts and a fresh honeycomb (would have made a nice dessert as well), it went very well. Our fav was the Purple Moon Cheddar soaked in wine and it was delicious. Other reviewers complained about the size of the cheese samples, but we thought they were the right size for a tasting. The bread basket was awesome with bread with feta and a pumpkin bread that were both wonderful and served with olive oil infused pesto.We split a 24 ounce Porterhouse, which was seasoned and prepared perfectly with great flavor and had sides of braised brussel sprouts and fries with house made ketchup and mustard aoili, More then enough for two! We finished with a dessert for each and coffee and the bill came in at $150,
2	We visited Tender during CES in January. It wasn't our first choice, but we wanted to take a client out for steaks and we were able to get a reservation at the last minute. This should have been a sign that perhaps there was a reason this restaurant wasn't booked during the busiest week in Vegas. The reviews online were very mixed though so we crossed our fingers and hoped for the best. Unfortunately, what we experienced was far from excellent. Calling it mediocre would be being generous.The absolute best thing about the meal was the mushroom soup that I ordered. I read many reviews saying to try the soup and it did not disappoint. In hindsight, I should have just ordered 2 bowls of the soup and nothing else. Everything else was a disappointment.I ordered something on the "special menu" with daily features. It was a filet mignon (Omaha) that said was served with lobster tail. I was expecting a delicious filet and a lobster tail with drawn butter. For $95, that is what one would expect. Instead, I was served a mediocre filet and my lobster tail was cut up and mixed with rubbery shrimp. This tasted horrible. No drawn butter. The shrimp weren't even deveined. Yuck. Major disappointment.Service was lacking. I wasn't even given a steak knife and had to use a butter knife. My fork was dirty and when they brought me a replacement, it too had dried food on it. Not sure how the server didn't notice this before he sat it down on my napkin.Overall, Tender was a total disappointment. The soup was amazing. Everything else sucked. You might as well go to Logan's or Outback Steakhouse -- and even there you'd probably get better service.Sorry, Tender. I won't be back.
1	Our two steaks were raw in the middle. Not rare but raw. Around us other diners were calling the wait staff over for the same reason. Over cooked I can see - but serial raw? Horrible.
2	This Zombie of a Steakhouse was not on our list of places to dine at in Vegas at all but we ended up at that end of the strip and starving so we grabbed a table at the first place we found that wasn't full, which should have been a warning in itself.Zero energy, zero interesting, just a complete cookie cutter streakhouse, and way overpriced for the level it delivers.Our appy was an antipasto platter, which was all clearly storebought out of a bottle, bland hummus, bland baba, everything in desperate need of salt, a tiny amount of grocery store pita...My wife's entree was the burger, it was good, but again really in need of salt.My lobster linguini was not good, no salt, beautiful pieces of lobster totally overcooked, pasta completely overcooked as well. Chewy lobster?Service was utterly bland as well, the wait staff appeared to be sleepwalking as well.Oh well, I guess that's what you get for picking blind.
1	im sorry zagat, but you got this one wrong!Such a dissappointment. My husband and I stayed in vegas for a few days and decided to save this place for last. our flight left at 10, so we came here around 5 to enjoy what we thought would be a great meal.they open at 5 for dinner. we were seated promptly. our server (cant remember his name but he was cool) greated us, asked for water service, and cocktails. i ordered one of the house drinks and my husband ordered beer. we started with a cheese plate, the tuna three ways (tar tar, seared and sushi roll) while the tuna was very fresh, it was bland. not alot of flavor. the cheese was good, cant go wrong with cutting cheese.next course were salads. my husband ordered the ceasar and i had the wedge. the ceasar was very fishy, and my salad was boring. no flavor at all. extremely dissapointing.Now for the entrees. i ordered the small ribeye, medium rare plus, and my husband ordered the strip medium rare. we ordered the red wine sauce and the ghost pepper sauce on the side and a side of the potato au gratin. my steak was cold, my husbands was over cooked and the potatoes were gross. they made my husband a new steak, but at that point he was so turned off he just wanted to leave.the manager came over to see what was up, and had no idea there was even an issue. pathetic. maybe because i work in the service industry, I'm aware of how situations should be handled. but this place was just bad. def better places to check out in vegas if your going to spend $300+ on dinner.
5	Awesome steaks.   Food and service great .  We had a 10 oz sirloin and a 10oz bison steak, meat was char broiled to perfection.  For 2 people: appetizers, meat, sides and we split a desert for less than $120 for food not including drinks.  Excellent food, great price, nice atmosphere.  A nice steak house and great spot for after dinner drinks. Not your typical tourist spot considering its  located inside the Luxor.  Best of all , food is all organic, wow what a plus who knew?. Will certainly return.
3	Dined here with my husband.  First, the quality of the food was good.  The cheese plate was amazing.  As a vegetarian I asked what the chef could prepare for me (I know it is a steakhouse, but most places are accommodating) They said they might be able to make a pasta dish, not really what I was looking for so I just ordered some sides.  One of the biggest complaints I have is with the waitstaff.  Overheard one complaining to another about a tip they just received.  Our waiter ended up overcharging us for what we ordered. Probably will not eat here again, unless all I'm getting is the cheese plate.
5	WOW! Great steaks and sides are extremely tasty and expensive..but totally worth it. My friends steak wasn't done the way he ordered it but he decided he would just deal with it and ate about a 1/4 of it. His girlfriend mentioned this to the waiter who quickly rectified the situation..new steak ASAP!!  Very good customer service here...Best part of the Luxor hotel.
4	The food was good, the waiter gave us a whole bottle of wine when we ordered a half (120vs70), and stuffed our leftovers into one box, giving me scallop flavored mashed potatoes, which made me throw it  away and dropped his tip to 12% instead of my normal 20
5	We were part of a 16 person bachelor party on Memorial Day weekend. With working with Darrilyn we were able to make a custom menu for the party to choose from.The service was incredible, we had a great waiter. Our drinks were always full, and he kept complimentary bread on the table at all times. Our food came in a very timely manner and everyones steaks were cooked perfectly--all 16 meals arrived at the same time and were all hot. The general concensus was "this is the best steak I've ever eaten". We all agreed it was worth every penny (of their very reasonable menu prices). I would definitely recommend TENDER to anyone looking for a great steak at a nice restaurant while in Vegas.
5	My wife, sister and I visited Tender two weeks ago.  We used the free redemption from the MyVegas game ($150).  The decor was very manly man sort of like a cigar/oak room, which was awesome.  The steaks came out perfect!  Since we had the free $150 voucher, I indulged and ordered the seafood platter, which came with lobster. (I then got a stink eye from my wife because we went over the voucher...but hey at least I ate some lobster!). We would definitely go back when visiting Vegas again.  Order the Porterhouse and Ribeye!
3	My boyfriend and I went to Tender on a Tuesday night with an 815pm reservation through OpenTable, but it wasnt needed as the restaurant was NOT packed, it was very sparce actually. Here is what we ordered:Lemon Drop martini: it was very well made, strong, but was tasteful. 5/5Lobster Bisque: It was warm, not hot, and it was good but a bit too...buttery. 3/58oz Angus Filet Minon: Cooked perfectly (medium), very tender, took it without sauce since I like to savor the taste of meat and it was delicious. 5/5Kansas Rib Eye?: Asked for medium, it was very RARE. We both cant eat rare meat and it was NOT cooked correctly that my boyfriend pretty much had a piece then ate off my plate. 1/5Yukon mashed potatoes: moist, very good. 5/5Grilled asparagus: Cant really mess these up. 5/5Cheesecake: VERY creamy, chocolate topping was very sweet, crust was delicious. 4/5Chocolate cake: its not really a cake as much a souffle, very sweet and creamy, wish there was more of the break part. 3/5On a brighter note, my boyfriend shared our experience with the manager and he comped our desserts but we were pretty much done with dinner so we declined to have the steak recooked. We had a food comp to use so it wasnt too much of a hassle for us but if we were paying out of pocket I would have been VERY upset.The ambiance on the other hand was dim-lit, we had two waiters, one was good but one was very slow, took a LONG time for absolutely everything. They also keep your waters next to you in this little hanger thing so everytime the waiter for the table next to us needed to grab water or drinks for the table next to us, I felt like our privacy was a but invaded. The decor is beautiful but the music they play is NOT correlated well with the ambiance of a steakhouse, it lowered the quality a bit. I would not bring children, its a great place for small parties I saw many parties of 4 dining here, but it doesnt seem to be very packed....is it due to the quality of food? Who knows?
5	An incredible steakhouse.   Outstanding food.  Solid wine list.  Excellent service.  Stellar value.(Sorry this review is long, there is a lot to share).It's in Luxor.  Stop laughing.  Once you get past the lobby (hey, you can't hide the fact you're in a giant pyramid), renovations have made the casino as contemporary as any.  Five years and 120+ visits;  Tender continues to impress.  Innovation keeps the menu exciting.  Rapidly changing seasonal specials showoff the chef's commitment to freshness.  For summer, the heirloom tomato salad with over a dozen varieties of fresh, vine ripened tomatoes dressed in olive oil and sea salt with micro basil and slices of uber fresh, milky mozzarella just incredible.  A full blown tomato party in your mouth.  The salad is large enough for two.For bison month, a charred bison carpaccio topped with a spicy aioli, arugula salad with roasted peppers and sweet corn finished with a touch of sea salt.  Incredible!Other killer starters, the charcuterie of game and deli meats (bresaola, finochietta, wild boar sausage, pork coppa, lamb prosciutto and antelope pastrami) with cornisons, assortment of olives and mustard, an excellent take on the classic.  The chilled salmon tasting, a true standout; hot apple wood smoked salmon topped with black truffle "caviar" on a bed of pesto, edamame, and sea asparagus.  Wow!  An explosion of flavors, oily salmon, earthy truffle, herbaceous basil, the back taste of the pine nuts, the crunch and oceanic flavor of the sea asparagus.  Perfect.Outstanding steaks at all quality and price ranges.  The Bison ribeye is very hard to pass.  Deep meaty flavor, low fat.  JAPANESE KOBE A5 WAGYU.  The real deal.  $95 / 8oz.  I doubted it, I saw it, I tried it.  Yes, yes, yes.  Extremely well trimmed.  Request it cooked below rare.  It's an ethereal experience, seared goodness on the outside, chilled, tender with melting fat on the inside.Something different?  Wild game platter remains excellent.  Berkshire kurabuta pork chop (order this medium) near perfect heritage pork flavor.  Sweet, tender, and porky!  Finally the bison osso buco; tender perfectly braised, deeply flavored bison on a bed of enriched mashed potato and tangy bbq onions.  Incredible balance.  The marrow is a special treat.Tip:  check out the sides.  Roasted bone marrow glazed with a veal demi an insane value at $5, Hudson foie for $10.  Add it to any steak or have it alone with some bread as a starter.Sure, missteps do happen but are always corrected with no fuss.For the absolute best service on a casual night out, eat at the bar.  Friendly, very knowledgeable bar staff who aim to please.  The music in the lounge a little loud, but it keeps the energy up.Great wine program with the lowest markup on the Strip.  Huge by the glass pours.  Wines by the bottle near retail.  Check out the Captains' List for clearance wines below retail.Snub the Luxor all you want, you will be missing a great restaurant.
5	Heavy pours of delicious pinot noir. Start with the cheese plate. Mushroom soup and Truffle mac and cheese. Yum!Excellent service.
4	I went to Tender last Sunday, and it was a wonderful meal! First off, this is a very typical steakhouse. They have filet mignon.. and lyonnaise potatoes.. the usual stuff. The decor is typical of a steakhouse. To start I had one of the special a caprese salad, with heirloom tomatoes it was delicious. Absolutely perfect tomatoes and the cheese was perfectly seasoned. Loved it. My mom had a Caesar salad, she also enjoyed it. For dinner I had the small filet, it was good, I've had better, but nothing to really complain about, cooked to my liking of medium rare. The lyonnaise potatoes were ok, the wild mushrooms were delicious! We both loved those! My mom had a lobster tail, which they gladly removed from the shell for her. She said it was a little bit bland though. We had a MyVegas comp, so $150 certificate. Our meal came to $149 before tax. So really not bad price wise. I would have paid full price for my meal no problem. In comparison, we did go to Stripsteak at Mandalay the next night, our prix fix meal was more than this... a full meal off the menu at Stripsteak would of probably been close to $300 so it was a great value at Tender!Overall a great meal, great ambiance, great service. We had 2 or 3 servers waiting on us, all very attentive. I would suggest sitting in the back room, we sat there it was nice, away from the casino. I would say if you are staying at Luxor or nearby it's a great steakhouse and worth the money. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here though.
4	This is a solid steakhouse with a menu that has a large variety of choices--something for almost everyone. I had a reservation for 6:15 and I was greeted on arrival by two very pleasant ladies.  One of them showed me to my table and it was the first encounter with the friendly and attentive staff that work here.I studied the menu online before I went and I had narrowed my decision to two choices, the Japanese Kobe wagyu A-5 filet or the wild game tasting of three game foods.  The waiter went through some special items that weren't on the menu and he threw a curve ball at me by telling me they had a bison tasting menu with 3 preparations of bison.  I knew they were having bison during July, and this sounded really good.  After some discussion with the server, I opted to order the Kobe filet as I have not tried real Japanese waygu before. For starters, I ordered the soup tasting trio and got the lobster bisque, the heirloom tomato, and wild mushroom flavors.  The soup comes in a container with three small wells for the soups.  It gives you a chance to taste three of their four soups.  The lobster bisque was good and even this small portion had some lobster pieces in it.  The tomato was absolutely the best.  Very flavorful.  The weakest of the three was the wild mushroom soup.  I thought it was a bit thin and didn't have a strong mushroom flavor.  The runner ground some fresh pepper into each.  One small nit here was the soups sit on another flat plate.  Since the fit is not quite exact, the soup moved around some and on delivery, some of the tomato had mixed into the other too.  Points off for this on Chopped, I'm sure.Then came the filet.  With it were 4 pearl onions.  I ordered a side of fries to accompany the steak.  They bring you a small dish with house made ketchup and mustard.  A note on the fries.  Some of the Yelp reviews state they're not crisp fries and they're correct.  The fries have a less than crispy texture and they are oily and pre-salted, just exactly what I like.  I didn't mind the lack of crispness nor the oil.  It's just the way they prepare them so if you don't like fries cooked that way, don't order them.  I very, very rarely use ketchup yet I was drawn to try the mustard and ketchup.  The mustard was OK, but the ketchup was actually better than I expected.  It was sweet, from some small raisins in the mixture.  I didn't dip many fries in it--just enough to try it out a few times--but I was intrigued by how they changed the flavor from the standard bottled kind.The filet was very tasty and tender.  I had asked for it extra rare, and when my server suggested "blue" I responded affirmatively.  It was done a bit more than I like but it was OK.  The only thing here was that on one side of the filet, there was a section that was very sinewy and I was unable to cut it with my knife.  I tore it with the knife and fork into a couple of shreds.  I thought it odd that a cut of Kobe would not have had this trimmed or would even be like this.  Since I expected the steak to be above and beyond anything I'd ever tasted, I began to wonder if in fact I had been served A-5 wagyu but being a neophyte, there was no way I could accurately tell.  Suffice it to say that when I finished the steak, even thought it was very good, I was thinking I should have ordered the bison.  For dessert, I got the bananas Foster bread pudding.  Very tasty and very filling. It was a good ending to the meal.Service was excellent.  I had Team 1.  I believe one was Raul but I cannot remember the other's name.  My iced tea was refilled regularly, one of the two checked on me throughout the meal, and two other people from the restaurant stopped by to see how everything was.  It was top notch service.I'm sure I'll be back to Tender to try some of their game meat.  It's a fine restaurant.
3	Food was very good not impressed with the service at all. Actually was very unhappy with the service we received and next time would try one of the other plethora of steakhouse dining in Las Vegas
4	I really enjoyed my experience here. As other reviewers have said, typical steakhouse. But it was pretty good! Service was great too.I got a cosmo (Meh... I've had better) and a filet. Mmm, delicious. My party also split the cheese plate as an appetizer - OMG, FANTASTIC. The goat cheddar was to die for. We stayed in Excalibur right next door so it was a short walk. Good excuse to browse around Luxor too.
5	O M G. I think I died and went to Wagyu Beef heaven... Steak is amazing, service is awesome, food portions make it worth the price!! I'm coming back!!!
3	This could easily be a 5 star review but that horrible music piped in at an excessive volume ruined it.  Everyone in our party of 4 agreed we'd be back in a heartbeat if not for the music.  We spoke to the manager to let her know and also informed our great wait staff who agreed that if any music had to be playing, it should be classics and at low volume.Amazing food - truly fantastic for everyone.  I loved the bison sampler and game-based deli meats for an appetizer.  There wasn't a single thing from the soup and salad starters to the gorgeous deserts that we wouldn't pay for again but none of us are willing to do it with that shitty cheesy music going in the background.  I really hope they listen to us.  I'm no big spender but would drop another 500+ for dinner for four if the ambience were fixed. When we go back, we plan to walk in to check and if we hear that crappy sappy pseudo pop, we'll take our money elsewhereIt's really a shame because the food and service are fantastic!.
1	A wannabe classy, expensive steak house, but lacked convincibility and genuineness.  More than just a little pretentious, the well-dressed greeter and manager lacked any authenticity or professionalism.  Our waiter (Romeo) knew nothing about steak, or cuts of meat.  When asked about the difference between two cuts of meat on their menu, he responded with "they're all muscle!"  Yes, he basically yelled at me for asking the question, and seemed visibly frustrated that he was ignorant and lacked the skill to serve in his position as a steak expert.  I decided then that we would not be spending anything too much, and we ordered appetizers and small grilled steak salads, which were average at best.  They never offered us another glass of wine and the atmosphere seemed rushed and cheap.  I don't recommend this place and we will not be visiting there again.  Perhaps if they lowered their prices to match their level of friendliness and service, it might be worth another visit.  Not all was bad, however....Thomas was another waiter who was welcoming and friendly, so if you are lucky enough to get Thomas, you might be able to salvage a respectable evening. We, unfortunately, did not enjoy this experience.
2	I completely agree with Harry S.'s  review!  Ridiculous!!  Please get some training to these servers! Whenever I have steak I always like to bring my own bottle of wine, when I made the reservation I asked what the corkage fee would be and was perfectly fine paying it. When we are sat the first thing the waiter says is "you know you're going to pay for me to open that right?!" ...um what the heck???????? Obviously! A nice steak house with that kind of service? Give me a break! I felt very offended at his condescending demeanor and disrespect! Our server knew nothing about steaks or fine service for that matter! He could see I was annoyed and essentially said the bare minimum to me the rest of the evening. His original comment totally set the stage for the actual dinner, our cuts of meat where all ok, perhaps I was just annoyed from my greeting that everything just seemed blah. My wife's filet mignon was overcooked, my ribeye was actually very tasty but not the best I've had. The highlight of our evening was the dessert. Wow! Banana foster plus bread pudding and banana rum sauce made and absolutely amazing delicious banana bread pudding experience! Absolutely the best. When you visit a steak house or any type of better dining establishment you expect a certain level of service to complement your experience, unfortunately this restaurant completely failed.
4	Tonight we went here for the first time only to use some comps...... it still cost us about $80 or so.  Service was good.  Bread came right away and they were on top of the water glasses.  Our server Alan was very good and checked on us enough and not too often to be annoying, he was a nice guy.I had the Kansas City Strip steak, it was actually pretty good, we shared asparagus and french fries, not the best fries in the world, I have had better but they were okay.......   The steak was soft and pretty tasty, my husband had the porterhouse and that was good as well.   This was much better than Camelot at Excalibur...... don't waste your time going there, we went there for Mother's day and will not return to Camelot.Mescalin salad was good, I requested cherry tomatoes instead of sun dried tomatoes which they did...... it was good.They ask you if you want steak sauce but they don't tell you there is a fee which I found a bit amusing.  He named three or so, so I picked the Bearnaise and we were charged $3 for it. I don't really care but it would have been nice to know before hand.OH, if you check in on 4 square, there is a special, buy one glass of one, get one free, so that is an added plus :) We will probably go back here again.  This is no Del Frisco's steak house but it is decent for the price.
3	Service was so-so, some people were better than others...thanks to yelp I expected this.Hubs got the buffalo ribeye, it was "flavorless" and needed to be seasoned (salt maybe) and I had the free-range ribeye (4 stars) the sides were good but the side of Mushrooms...UH-MAZE-ZING! The apps of the big-eye tuna and cheese board were pretty good.
3	Steak was excellent, wine was great. I wish our server was more attentive, I felt he was rushing out of the steakhouse. It was the only white spot in an otherwise enjoyable dining experience.
4	Nice quiet atmosphere in the middle of Luxor Casino.Started with the lobster bisque, which was pretty good.  Then the filet mignon which was just a bit on the dry side, but cooked properly.
5	This place was amazing.. the steak was wonderful, I ordered black Angus Omaha steak. what i loved about the menu that it tells you where the beef came from.  I ordered my steak medium raw and it was really medium raw.  it was tender and juice.  We also had mac and cheese and it was creamy, asparagus where cooked just right. We had a pitcher of sangria, I'm not a Sangria fan but i enjoyed it because it wasn't that sweet.  the over all flavors were just enough simple and just one flavor at a time.
3	Good not great. A really run of the mill steakhouse by Vegas standards. Nothing bad just same as many many other choices
2	Okay steak. Fabulous lobster bisque. Awful air freshener. Luxor masks smokers by pumping tank full's of air freshener. (The other guests at my table deleted the rest of my review as it became too intense).
1	Worst service EVER. I would have slapped the manager in the face but you couldn't find her . Wine list is great but ask for it...it's not in stock ( 3times). Food was room temperature when I complained the blonde human calling herself a manager never even came to the table but wait....half priced the steaks JESUS our show better be good because if we weren't trying to make the theater I would have thrown the 8 ounces of 9 ounce filet on my plate at her useless self. Watch your ticket times - your the manager - act like one
2	Pretty underwhelming experience. I'm picky about steak because I cook a killer steak on my $89 propane grill at home. I was impressed by the meat selection, but the cut I got just wasn't good. It was a thinly-cut Kansas City Strip (bone-in). I love bone-in steaks because the meat close to the bone is great and very flavorful. Ordered medium-rare. It came out barely medium, pretty much well at the edges and MAYBE medium by the bone. I asked the server what he thought and he started writing something down without answering me. He acted like he didn't wanna offer me a new one, and since I was with a group of people who had to get to a show, I chose to just eat it. Pretty much just your average char-grilled outback-style strip steak. Except it was almost $50. Not gonna give them any more money, that's for sure. That server should've looked at my steak and immediately said, yeah, it's not quite right, let's get you another one. The sauces/complements were very good, and the New York boneless cut that my buddy ordered was fine. Nothing special here. Plenty of better options on the strip.
2	Mediocre at best.  How bad can U Fup asparagus which came thin dried out and looking like a reject from the grocery.  Wifes lamb shank good but way to salty. All ala carte and very pricey for the quality.. service spotty at best.  If there is a manager they are not watching or don't care.  Also if they have a chef he is not testing or tasting.  Desert was adequate.  Would not go back unless they make changes.  Recommend Ri-Ra they have better service and food for less money.  Good luck People
2	The two stars are for the steak and desserts, other than that, food here was incredibly underwhelming. I ordered the escargot and soup trio as starters. The escargot comes in a set of four and a piece of pita bread on the side. The snails are cooked in a cream sauce and spinach. I thought this dish had a good flavor, but the escargot was definitely lacking in quantity...we found one, maybe two tiny bits in each bite. The soup was disappointing to say the least. I am usually a big fan of cream of mushroom soup but this one had a sour note to it that ruined the soup for me. The lobster bisque was also sour and had no lobster flavor at all. Out of the three soups, the one that was most edible was the kobe chili. Even then, it was so over-salted that I only ate three or four bites at most. The entire meal had me reaching for a beverage just to drown out the saltiness. I shared the porterhouse with my boyfriend, which was a good choice because that piece of meat was huge! It was actually cooked to perfection and was quite tasty. The foie gras that I ordered with the steak was a good companion, so I was satisfied with this portion of the meal. Regardless of the good steak, I won't be coming back.
1	Well our dining experience was sub par.  The night started out well with our seating, drinks and photo employee(outstanding).  From there everything went SOUTH in a hurry.  We ordered three New York Strip steaks and a tri tip for main coarse with salads to start.  Upon arrival of the salads we were given the wrong salads!! They apologized and went to fix.  One slip up lets be honest its not going to ruin the night.  HOWEVER when the our steaks came we ended up with ONE Ribeye, ONE New York, ONE Tri Tip and no fourth steak.  We waited for the waiter and they said they would make the steak and bring out (Gee Thanks).  To top it off it was my WIFE's Birthday Dinner and SHE did not get her meal. (Again great job!!)  We asked the manager and explained what happened and was told they would take the one steak off and that she TRY's to please everyone but sorry.  I would highly recommend  that if you want to go out for a nice dinner to AVOID THIS PLACE,  the female manager WILL NOT TAKE CARE OF THE PROBLEM even if you are a guest at the hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We also had tickets for the Chris Angel show which we made however missed the beginning of the show further ruined the night.  I gave it one star which was earned by the photographer other than that  there are many steak houses in Las Vegas HUGO's is outstanding, a local place MONTANA MEATS puts this place to shame plus the price is half.  HOPE THIS HELPS PREVENT ANOTHER VICTIM OF BAD SERVICE.By the way the Chris Angel Show 5 stars a must see.
1	The staff/service was horrible.  Our waiter was extremely rude and the staff was unprofessional.  We had reservations and were told there were two parties in front of us and to wait.  We were seated and it took about 8 minutes before anyone came to the table.  Our waiter set the tone of the night when he crossed us.  We all ordered Soup, which was incredible.  I had the mushroom soup and was outstanding, my other friends ordered the lobster bisque and both were very good.  I ordered the Kobe Steak and was so very disappointed.  It was a thin slice of prime.  The menu said 10 oz but I would beg to differ.  It came out cold, I ordered Medium Rare.  It was tasteless for $75 it wasn't worth $10.  We had sides of truffle mac and cheese and lobster risotto.  Both sides were very good.  I would avoid this restaurant.  It is WAY over priced and the service is horrible. There are other outstanding Steak Restaurants in Las Vegas.
2	We received a comp for Tender so we tried it last night. Apparently, we had two waiters but you wouldn't have ever known because the service was painfully slow. They weren't busy so there really wasn't any excuse for the inattentive service. Also, the two waiters didn't seem to be communicating so after one offered us dessert and we declined, the other came by 10 minutes later to offer the dessert menu.The biggest issue with this place is that it's not cheap yet it has the crowd of an Outback. If I'm paying $200+ for dinner and wine, I'd also appreciate they at least TRY to enforce a dress code. It definitely drags down the ambiance to watch the people who brought their 5 year old and allow him to run around the tables, seeing men in shorts and baseball hats, and women in clothes that look like they're typically used for yard work in the same restaurant. I dressed business casual and felt severely over-dressed.  Even the waiters though (who wear shirts and ties) have their shirts unbuttoned and their ties are sloppy. The food was good however. I had the wild game and my boyfriend had the filet. The food was good... not great.Comps or not, I wouldn't ever return and I would not recommend it. If you do go, just know that you can wear sweatpants.  ;)
1	We came when they were just opening. The service was extremely slow. Apparently there were two people that was helping our table, but only one ever showed up. We orders the Prix Fixe. I didn't like the mushroom soup at all. The steak at first was okay, but the after taste made me want to vomit. The service was so slow that we ended up leaving before we could get the dessert since we had a show to watch. We had come 2.5 hours early to eat before the show, but the service was so slow we just had to leave. Never again. I do not recommend.
4	Wow, Lobster Bisque soup and lobster were amazing. Of course the steak was amazingly tender and good, but it could have used a bit more flavor for the money. However, the service was absolutely top notch which leads to an amazing dining experience.
4	A traditional steakhouse in a not particularly special environment,  especially for Vegas. But the food is top notch and the service is even better.  It's a good choice especially if staying at Luxor or Excalibur.  I am a repeat visitor especially because of Addie, who is so wonderful and is the lead waitress in the bar. Go a second time and she will remember exactly what you ordered on your first visit.  The steak is as good as anywhere in Vegas. Try the bread--but dont get filled up; its addictive.
1	Very disappointed with the quality of the food. This is Vegas .. You expect more than sub par rubbery unseasoned filet ... Lobster risotto tasted like it came out of a bag, and the service left something to be highly desired . With all of the excellent food choices, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. Came here on the myvegas comp first and last time.
4	Excellent food. Definitely a little upscale. We had the lobster appetizer...this is a must have! Must have! Did I stutter?My meal consisted of the lobster bisque which had bits of lobster in it and was creamy to perfection. I also had the scallops with quinoa...yes please! I would definitely order this exact pairing over and over and over again. Many from our party had the steak mentioned that it was perfect.Our sides included lobster risotto (wowzers), mashed potatoes (creamy) and the mac n' cheese which was sub par. Stick with their specialties.We were a little disappointed with dessert, some strange cookie chocolate thing with peanut butter ice cream.. we should have got the creme brulee.
5	No complaints!Service was stellarLobster bisque YUM!Maine lobster YUMThe hubby got a kobe style ribeye steak that he loved (as seen in my previous reviews, he is a steak crack head). He said it was so tender that he cut it with his fork and didn't need his steak knifeGreat ambiance
4	TENDER Steak & Seafood at Luxor is an unexpectedly great dining place. The food is SPECTACULAR, even though the atmosphere and service is not on par with that of a fine dining establishment. If you plan to check this place out, you must try the lobster risotto. Also, they have A5 wagyu kobe-style beef that is to.die.for. The pricing is similar to other fine dining restaurants, and rightly so due to the quality of the food. However, it may seem slightly pricey since there isn't the full fine dining experiencing, lacking in the areas of service and overall environment.
5	Hands down my favorite place during my visit to Las Vegas. The bar service was quick and efficient while we waited on a table. Our two  servers were funny and all around AWESOME.The lobster bisque and kobe chili were FANTASTIC. OOOHHHH if you only knew. My main course of lobster ravioli was also AMAZING. The creme brule was TO DIE. But I should have tried the bread pudding.And I am going to stop, for one I just made myself hungry and 2, I am running out of adjectives.  lol
5	One of the best experiences you will have I promise you.. get the bison and get the mash potatoes then find out how to get ahold of me call me and just whisper on the phone in a soft voice "thank you"
4	I was thoroughly surprised and happy to find that this fine dining steakhouse that may have been posing as a fine dining steakhouse within the myriad of shit restaurants all around, was indeed, a proper fine dining steakhouse.Loved it. The plush booths, the dim lighting, the interior overall set the perfect mood. Service was spot on with presentation, attitude and timing. Bear and I split a big ribeye and some sides, everything was as delicious as I wanted it to be. Boggles my mind that TENDER exists in the same casino as Rice & Company. I guess these are two great polar comparisons in terms of what served food should be like. After the initial shock that this met my (normal) expectations, I found no other surprises here-- in a good way.
3	The steak was good just don't think worth 46.00.  I can't believe a Cesar  salad was $10.00.  Way too pricey for the taste, I get better taste and value at longhorn!
4	This'd place was a real good. The service was right there. Very helpful. The port house was pretty good, could have been a little thick. I don't think it was true to weight. I had the Kobe A5 grade filet. That was just outstanding. So worth it. Don't be afraid to spend on yourself. You won't be disappointed.
1	do not eat here it is not worth the money
2	The steaks were not of the quality that I expected. I ordered the Rib-eye wagyu Dixon Ranch and for $75 it was terrible. I asked for medium rare and got medium well instead.  I've grilled better rib-eyes myself from Stater Bros for about one tenth the price. Everything else from the drinks, appetizers, sides were okay but nothing special. No need to ever go back to this place.
4	Full disclosure, I didn't pay a dime for my meal at Tender. I was being wooed by some suits. So I can't speak to the pricing, just the quality of the food and drinks. Both were very impressive, and classy as hell. The ambiance is old school mahogany-walled fine dining. Honestly it was exactly the kind of place to bring clients or someone you want to impress. I was impressed!I started with a nice Caesar salad. The classic "feels healthy but isn't" salad. It was great. Not too fishy, dressed nicely, with crisp lettuce and fresh croutons. For the main course, I ordered the filet mignon. They have a bunch of options on their cuts of steak, but there was only one on the menu that the suits gave me, and I can't remember which one it was. But I do remember that it was absolutely delicious. It was cooked maybe 2 minutes longer than it should have been, and that's my only nit pick. It was still awesome, melty, and flavorful. Exactly what you want in a steak. The meal was wonderful. The service was very good as well. Waiters were friendly and accessible. Drinks were on point too. I was drinking Old Fashioneds that evening, because the place feels like the kind of place where you order a classy drink. I think I had 3 of them, and they were consistently perfect. Check this place out if you are really into steak and high quality beverages, and have some money burning a hole in your pocket (or can get someone else to foot the bill).
4	An auspicious start with Wagu beef carpaccio and good bread. We split the wedge salad - kitchen pre cut it for us. Nice touch & well executed Both our bison top sirloin and Kansas strip were cooked to perfection and highly flavorful. All in all a wonderful meal in a very good steakhouse tradition .
3	This review is for the seafood tasting platter.  I need to cut down on red meat especially when I am just on the road for work.  The good thing about a platter is you get to try a bunch of different things to see if there is anything that stands out.  The scallop, crabtail and salmon were ok but the whitefish was a relative stand out.
3	I was disappointed here. There is SO much great food in Vegas that this place just didn't make the mark. I went cause my hotel gave me some dinner credit here, and I was craving scallops so I ordered scallops with quinoa along with a side of asparagus..The asparagus came out dry with too much blackened charring on the outside, to the point where they were wilting.The scallops came out a bit cold, but I was too tired and hungry to ask them to be reheated. It wasn't bad here, but I would say, seek out memorable meals that will knock your socks off.
4	Tender was good.  I don't know if I would crave to go there again. The service was excellent. Our server was very nice with a sense of humor. They did however get the cuts of meat mixed up and cooked them the wrong way. We did not bother to correct it.  My steak was cooked the way I wanted.  I also asked for extra butter to which they forgot. The oysters were good. The Mac n cheese was probably the best thing I ate.  I love truffle.
5	What a fantastic experience from start to finish!  Beautiful atmosphere, fabulous food, impeccable service, and great wine.  Our servers Juan and Jesse really made the experience special- as someone who was in the restaurant business since birth, this is how it is supposed to be done!  On to the food... My partner and I shared the short rib ravioli, which was topped with some rich red sauce- delicious, not too much cheese, just right.For entrees we went with the 12 oz filet and the 16 oz dry aged Kansas City strip.  Wow we're we sad when the last note was gone!  Rarely am I completely satisfied with how my steak comes out of the kitchen, but tender really hit the nail on the head!When the check came, they were gracious and took my myvegas $75 off comp and explained the remainder of the bill & where I should sign.  If the manager was not so busy, I would have loved to stop him and tell him first hand what a beautiful job his staff did.To conclude, thanks to Juan, Jesse, and the great minds in the kitchen, I will be recommending this place to my friends and am looking forward to coming back myself!
4	Only had dessert here but they were legit and surprisingly affordable inside the luxor! 7 bucks for a solid dessert. I had a Smores dessert with peanut butter gelato (9/10), our group also had grandma's chocolate cake (9/10) and the milk chocolate coconut soufflet (7/10).  We aren't big soufflet lovers so that rating might be a bit harsh. Overall a solid late night dessert for out on the strip.
4	Had an amazing experience! So pleasantly surprised by the service and the food we had.Everything from the bread we got when seated to the dessert (apple crisp). The BF loved the ice cream and I'll have dreams about that potato au gratin! Sweat and sour cheesy dreams. Devine!! And our waiter Alan was amazing, very accommodating.    Only thing I would add is a little more salt to the steak ;)Thanks guys!
2	Typically Vegas!It tries to be a high end restaurant but doesn't follow the rules nor the etiquette of what one would expect in a fine dining establishment.  I would suggest table cloths and a dress code.  I didn't need to see all of the notches in the tables neither did I need to see young men dressed in Hurley t-shirts, plaid shorts, and flippy-floppys.  "Dude, are you sure it's ok to eat steak, it hasn't been forty-five minutes since we've been out of the pool?"  Oh the future of America,  sometimes I'm glad I'll be dead.Back to the restaurant.I ordered the wild game trio with a side of foie gras.  I received dry meat and no goose liver.  Oh well.  My partner had the bison ribeye and said that it was pretty good and well cooked.  Good for her, since we used her MyVegas points to get $75 off.  We also had the creamed spinach and the truffle mac and cheese.  I thought they were ok, my partner gave them two thumbs up.  If she wasn't lying here next to me I'd tell her to get her own yelp account.  But she had the coupon and she also has the "Hey-nanu-nanu"  and if I want to keep dipping my meat into her sauce I'd best behave.Anyway back to the restaurant.We also had the soup trio: lobster bisque, onion and leek, and wagyu chili.  Chili was nice and spicy, the lobster bisque was more bisque than lobster, and the onion leek soup was not as smooth as anticipated.  We also had the short rib ravioli, they were good, but we just wished that they were warmer.For dessert we had the trio.  Chocolate cake (souffle), cheesecake, and creme brulee.  The creme brulee was excellent and came with a flaky buttery cookie that would make a Dane weep!My recommendation if you have a MyVegas coupon go and try it out.  I would suggest other options if one had to pay full price.
2	Food was beautiful and very good. The evening was ruined by very bad service. No one asked how our meal was until it was over. No one bothered to take our salad plates away, or our dinner plates. We were asked of we wanted a drink refill with our check. When we asked what he suggested, the waiter couldn't tell us anything. He didn't tell us that anything even came with our meal. The waiters were even dressed sloppy, was the manager off? Shirts were not button, with ties. The young women as the Hostesses were well dressed and very pleasant. We won't go back. The service always makes a difference to me.
4	In Vegas as a general rule I try to eat at the steakhouse located in the place I am staying in. I love a good steak dinner so this is not a hard one to follow. So with that being said I found myself here at Tender and here is my experience. Service:I thought the service was good. My water was constantly refilled and my food was given to me promptly. I always had what I needed and when I asked for steak sauce they brought it to me quickly. Even though I was a party of one I still got treated well which has not always happened in fancier places like this. Ambiance:The restaurant was dark and quiet and it was exactly what I like. I sat in a big booth and it was comfortable. I was nice to have a quiet dinner in peace. Food:Ok now for the part that matter most right, the food. I ordered the 8 oz Black Angus Omaha Beef Filet Mignon and the Lobster Bisque. I like mine on the rare side. I noticed when I go to a steakhouse that specializes in steak I can order it medium rare and have it be the way I like it. Anywhere else I have to go rare. Here I ordered mine medium rare and it was perfect. The steak was melt in your mouth tender. I enjoyed eery bite. The Lobster Bisque was amazing too. It was hot and creamy and had plenty of lobster in it. I really enjoyed my dinner alot. I ordered steak and soup only for dinner so I could save room for a little dessert. For dessert I ordered a scoop of the blueberry patch icecream. They had a great dessert menu so believe me it was hard to choose. The icecream was great. A generous scoop of icecream with plenty of blueberries in it. The one thing about the food that I did not like was the bread. It was cold and hard and the olive oil and pesto they gave you to dip it in left something to be desired as well. That was the only bad thing. Overall I really enjoyed the food and service here and next time I am at Luxor I will be back.
5	Yes, there is a great restaurant at Luxor, yes, the previously run down Luxor and I'm not drunk when writing this.  Thanks to my Yelp and poker buddy Rod U. for dinner and the great find.First thing you have to try is the wild game tasting trio.  Yes, it's very polarizing as some may like it or some may not.  One thing for sure, that almost everyone will agree with is that it's unique.  Start off with the antelope Osso buco, very tender and fall off the bone, not gamey at all.  Next is the venison, can't really describe this, best effort: the texture of duck but with the taste of beef.  Finish off with wild boar loin, it's a better tasting pork with a wild game twist.Started off with the escargot Rockefeller style, it's a different take on escargot.  Another worthy try.Luxor has done an extremely good job with their remodel, the carpets are no longer filthy, old and dated furniture was replaced.  Personally, I've avoided the Luxor because it was getting run down.  I will pay more visits here for sure.
4	I have to say right off the bat...the service was BAD. I even felt bad, because it was just a mess. Very nice wait staff though. The food was very nice.  Our appetizer was the salon sampler.  I'm new to eating fish, but I enjoyed each item. For my main course, I had the 8oz New Zealand filet with blue cheese topping. Yum! Also a side of creamy mashed potatoes and a wonderful wedge salad that was very fresh! I had to try the bread pudding for dessert...it was good, but I didn't want to finish it. It was very delicate and refined. I was hoping for something a bit more classic. The food was moderately priced for a steakhouse and pretty decent quality. The drinks really bumped the bill up at our table by quite a bit (6 cocktails total). I'd recommend sharing a bottle or two at the table rather than pricey cocktails.
5	This restaurant salvaged my Las Vegas trip!I was at a seemingly never-ending business trip a few weeks ago in which I stayed at NYNY Hotel.  On my last night and after having seen an advertisement on tv in the morning, I decided to go see the musical "Menopause" at the Luxor and eat dinner at Tender, also in the Luxor.  After the show, I walked through the casino and found Tender.  With no reservation, I asked if I could dine at the bar and the hostess staff were very pleasant and seated me right away.  My bartender brought me an awesome glass of Cabernet,  and let me unwind while I perused the menu.  Very lovely choices of beef, and some unusual big game kind of entrees for the more daring palate - I saw several items that I'd like to try.  On that night, though I selected a wedge salad and a classic filet - It was perfection!I would highly recommend this restaurant and plan on going again on my next LV visit!
4	First off, a big shout out to MyVegas Rewards! Otherwise, I would've never known about this steak house or enjoyed such a wonderful meal here! It's located in a property I don't frequent often, so it allowed me to venture outside of my comfort zone. The restaurant itself is beautiful and I liked the fact that it was split into several dining areas, which gave it a more intimate feeling.The food and service were both spot on. Our server was very attentive throughout the meal, kept drinks filled, and was very knowledgeable about the menu. I started with one of the special salads he mentioned... beefsteak tomato and mozzarella. It was one of the largest caprese salads I've ever had, but the amount of tomatoes heavily outnumbered the amount of mozzarella on the plate. It was still delicious, nonetheless. My husband enjoyed a nicely prepared caesar salad. We both ordered filets, which were cooked and seasoned perfectly, and shared a side of parmesan potato wedges. The potatoes were good, but it wasn't quite that sharable size I'm used to seeing on a la carte sides.I would definitely recommend this unassuming steak house to others. It's a nice change from some of the high end steak houses in other Vegas properties that charge more for food that is equally as good.
5	Tremendous steak and tremendous service. Steaks are between roughly 30 and 100 dollars.This was the best steak I've had in many years (maybe ever). It feels very classy, which almost makes you forget you're inside a casino full of degenerate gamblers. Having eaten here, I'm very surprised that it only has a 3.5 on Yelp. Excellent meal, excellent service.
2	Very average.  The big eye app was not fresh.  The Kobe beef carpaccio was flavorless and seemed like it might have been seared.I left it at that before diving into a very overpriced steak
4	I ate here one night with my wife and my mom on our most recent trip to Vegas.  All of the major hotels in Vegas have a steakhouse, and Tender is the one located in the Luxor.  When I think steakhouses, Tender isn't one that would usually jump to the front of my mind, but we had a $75 comp and were certainly willing to give it a shot.  It definitely had a steakhouse feel to it.  Lots of dark woods and dim lighting.  I thought it had a really nice ambiance.  We were given one of those circular booths, which are nice and cozy.The prices here are pretty standard for a Vegas steakhouse, though not as steep as you might pay at Wynn or the Bellagio.  You can get a filet from anywhere between $40 to double that, depending on the type/grade of beef you want.  As with most steakhouses, all of the sides are a la carte.  They give you a bread basket that has a really nice selection of various breads.  It was quite good.  For our meals, we split a caesar salad, as well as the tomato mozzarella salad.  Each of us ordered the standard filet for our meal.  We added one side of potatoes for the table.  All of this was more than plenty to fill us up.  We didn't even have room for dessert.  The food was great, and the service was excellent throughout the meal.  I must say that I was pleasantly surprised by the whole experience.  I honestly had no idea what to expect from this place.Overall, everything was very good, and I can't find anything to complain about.  We'll be back here if we ever stay at the Luxor.
2	The only reason I am giving this restaurant two stars is because the food is good.  Otherwise, I am repulsed by how bad the service is.  In such an upscale restaurant,  I expect more from the wait staff.  We waited for approximately 10 minutes before bread (4 slices) was brought to our table.  When we asked for more, we didn't get it until after our food arrived.  Once the food arrived, we cut into the steak and the waiter asked if we needed anything else. We never saw him again until 15 minutes after we were done eating.  We had dirty dishes on the table until we got our check, and the pen that they wanted me to sign the check with was covered in oil that was given to the table to dip the bread in.... HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE!
5	AMAZING dinner experience!  The food was exceptional.  My friends had the strip, my girlfriend had the chicken and I had the pork chop.  We had a few apps and finished with bananas foster bread pudding, cheese cake with a chocolate ganache. Service was notably great.  Both the front and back waiter were knowledgeable and attentive of the food and wine selection.  Since we all had food that would pair with different wines they suggested two bottles that had great drinkability with the food that we ordered.  I can't say enough about this restaurant.  Diamond in the rough is the best way to describe it.
2	Wanting to eat at the best restaurant in the Luxor prior to a show, I picked Tender although I was less than excited about its (and other Luxor restaurants) reviews. Those less than stellar reviews are justified.My filet was ordered medium rare and arrived medium/medium well. It was sent back and I recieved a replacement that was closer to rare, but acceptable. The red wine sauce that was brought out with the first steak was left instead of being replaced or reheated for the new steak.The meat (and sauce for that matter) was lacking in flavor. The wife's seafood sampler of crab, salmon, a whitefish and something else was well presented but also lacking in flavor.The sides of truffled mashed potatoes and mac and cheese (I have a carbohydrate deficiency if you must know) were above average, but certainly not nearly as good as those at other steakhouses like Bellagio's Prime.Next time, if this is the best restaurant at the Luxor I would eat elsewhere instead.
5	Really good food and service was good too. If you are looking for a place to eat that serves a great steak this is it. My boo and I ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye for 2. The steak was absolutely fantastic. It was tender, flavorful and big. Arugula salad was killer too. Its a traditional steak house in the sense of high leather seats, dark decor and everything big and bold. The only thing is they come over and take pics of you and in the end they try to sell it to you, but in vegas its everywhere. Go here if you want a quality meal without having to drop $400 in vegas. I been to kraft by tom collichio and this is wayyyy better.
4	Back to Tender for Restaurant Week, and another fine meal.  Excellent fresh Multigrain Bread with rich butter and good Sourdough dipped in fresh Pesto were nice complimentary openers.  Maine Lobster Bisque with Creamed Fresh Roasted Maine Lobster was silky smooth, with just a hint of a Sherry-like accent.  And a 10 oz. Certified Double R Ranch Angus Beef Ribeye Steak with Bell Pepper Sauce was perfectly medium rare as ordered.  The sauce,  a type I had never experienced before, tasted remarkably like Green Bell Pepper, and was very pleasant and complemented the beef quite well.  I just wished I had more of it to ladle over the melt-in-the-mouth meat.  But the Bearnaise Sauce ordered by Diane was so good it was drinkable, so my steak was not  suffering from any lack of sauce.Baked Potato Wedges were soft but surprisingly tasty --like giant, full-figured French Fries.  After a long break between the completion of our entrees and service of dessert, the final course, a Dessert Tasting Trio of Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee, Chocolate Souffle Cake, and New York Style Cheesecake, included a rather bitter Chocolate Souffle with Mango Pearls and Mango, but excellent Cheesecake and a very fine Creme Brulee.Two waiters served us very proficiently throughout our dinner.  Our water glasses were regularly refilled, and the restaurant manager even paid us a call to see that our party of four was being taken care of properly.  We were made to feel welcome, and each of us enjoyed a very satisfying dinner.  4-1/2 stars overall!
2	Yikes. $150 for a drink, salad, side and steak. I ordered the American wagyu ribeye and was billed for the Japanese wagyu. No idea which I was served, but regardless it was sub-par--thin and somewhat dry. I might have complained, but the server at the bar couldn't even keep my water glass filled, so why bother? Not recommended.
1	Liars. Rude. Don't fix what they say. I went with my sister and our men and they wanted it to be the best night and dinner. It was the special with the Chris Angel tickets. We were told on the phone filet mignon, and they brought out chuck steak pretending we wouldn't know it wasn't filet. That's just insulting and pathetic. $100 a plate that's ridiculous.
2	At first, I was going to rate this place one star, but the decor really is something to admire. Rest assure, that's where the compliments end. I came to the Luxor to see Criss Angel with my sister and our men. we had called to book tickets for dinner as well. Tender was recommended. They gave us a list of options for a meal with a few exquisite options and based on those choices we agreed to fine there. Upon arrival we receive an entirely different menu than what was described to us. When we notified the manager, he explained that we were told the wrong menu, that the box office has an outdated list. (Not our problem, we booked this place based on THAT description) After our expressed disappointment that we would not be getting the Filet Mignon that we were promised, he told us he would talk to the chef an see if he can have that made for us. (I'm confused...why he would have to talk to the chef since that's something that's on their full length menu) He returned and told us that the chef was able and will make us what we asked for. (This whole ordeal took 30 minutes! Keep in mind we had a show to get to) Once the meal arrived we noticed immediately how large our filet's were. Cutting into them, we were sure this was NOT anywhere near a Filet Mignon! I'm sure they dressed up a chuck steak and tried to pass it off for what we ordered. They took us as fools! This meal alone was $100 a head! And even without great expectations, they fell wayyyy too short. Tired of complaining with the little time they had left us to race to our show we ate in peace, and by peace I mean the waiter was absent almost the entire time. My sister had to get up and chase him down at one point! And no...it was no where near busy. At the end of the meal, the manager promised to comp one of the bottles of wine we ordered, and only reduced the price by 25%. This was incredibly bad service. And to treat us like that, was incredibly disrespectful. I wouldn't advice going to this place....not unless you want to feel drained and insulted.
4	We came here first night at the luxor to celebrate my wife's bday weekend and we were not disappointed. The place and decorations look beautiful very elegant and classy.  I ordered the chicked and my wife the steakhouse and we both enjoyed our meals greatly. The potatoes on the side were also very yummy. Waiter was very helpful we had a very positive experience thank you.
1	Ok
5	Best meal and customer service I have ever experienced! I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a fancy dinner. My husband and I ordered the Alaskan king crab warm with butter for our appetizer which was fabulous. For the the main course we got the 8oz. Black Angus filet mignon with Yukon garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. The filet mignon was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. We also got a red wine sauce with it which was amazing. I wish I could have gotten the recipe for the potatoes. Best mashed potatoes I've ever eaten they were heavenly.The service was amazing the waiters were so polite and professional. They treated us like royalty. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Always my favorite restaurant on the strip for steak and ambiance. Celebrated our ten year anniversary Saturday October 5th and they did not disappoint! Started with two waiters~ one nice and one mediocre. Cocktails with cold bread and basil olive oil...yummy (just wished it was warm) .  Next up mushroom soup and lobster bisque~ so good! The soup had five kinds of mushrooms (including truffles) and tasted amazing (served warm...wished it was hotter) . Lobster bisque had good portion of lobster. Next up was chef's special: filet trio to split with accompaniment of duck bacon and blue cheese on the side. Loved it! We also had the garlic mash with truffles and asparagus~ very good. Tab was $185 and worth very penny.  HINT: Plan on $100 per person...it is worth it. Also, ask for bread warm, and don't be in a hurry. I noticed most complaints are the price and time- this is a place to enjoy and not be in a rush.
5	By far one of the best meals I have ever had. My husband and I went with my brother and a friend for our 1 year Anniversary.  It was by far the best choice we could have picked. It's pricey but not any worse than another fancy like steak house. It was phenomenal. Definitely worth the price.
3	This place was only ok... The prices were really high, but pretty standard for a steakhouse on the strip.  My issue was that the food was pretty bland.  My lobster bisque was actually delicious. But the scallops I ordered for my main dish were pretty flavorless.  Both the quinoa and the guacamole that come with the scallops had absolutely no flavor at all.  Just kinda disappointing.  Probably won't go back
5	The best meal I've ever had. Medium rare 8pz Kobe steak, side of bone marrow and a side of lavender heirloom carrots. The service was sort of weird though, a team of servers... I believe the busboys may have been working more efficiently than the servers. But all in all, superb meal.
1	Waited over an hour for the food. Cold and dry angus beef (asked for medium well, got well done. Mashed potatoes tasted precooked. Small portion. $50.
1	Don't know where to start. You get bugged by a guy taking your picture , then he comes back trying to sell them to you. Then you have the quality of food. Had to be the worst most unflavored steak I ever attempted to eat. It was the 8oz kobe. Was over cooked dry with no flavor at all . Best thing about the whole visit was getting out of there.
4	This is one of the better steaks I've eaten. I ordered the filet mignon, and the meat was so tender that the name is really appropriate. Also a plus that you can mix what kind of sauce and vegetables you want yourself. The downside was the price on the restaurant which was kinda expensive. Also we had to wait some time to get our food, but this was accepted since we were a party of 17!
5	Review #500Allow me to preface this review by thanking Yelp for providing me the opportunity to become part of such a friendly and positive social community.  I am thankful, as well as grateful, for all the acquaintances and friendships that I have nurtured and developed over the past five years.  Since becoming a more active member last year, I have attended numerous enjoyable and lively events, met many fun and humorous people, gained knowledge on the art of photobombing, co-hosted three UYEs, and established new friendships.  Though this review is about a restaurant, it's significant since my meal at Tender was with two wonderful friends I met thru Yelp.  At the same time, my main purpose of traveling to Las Vegas was to meet and reunite with old/dear friends.  And so, I dedicate my 500th review to Yelp, good friends, good food, and good times.  Now, on to the review:a TENDER moment.Truly some of the best food and service I have experienced has been in the gambling capital of America, Las Vegas.Many thanks to fellow yelper, Rod U., for introducing me to his "kitchen" while vacationing in Las Vegas recently.  Located on the casino level of the Luxor, the bar area is inviting while opening up to the remainder of the spacious restaurant.  Though Tender doesn't look very grand or large from the outside, surprisingly the restaurant stretches farther within (as I soon found out after a visit to the restroom).Since Rod had dined here numerous times (and actually regained his Dukedom during the trip), I allowed him to take the lead on where to sit and what to order.  Rod's area of choice:  the bar, of course.  Now, for those of you who are not fond of bar seating, I implore you to rethink your decision.  Bar seating is quite enjoyable and entertaining to say the least.  It was clearly no surprise that Rod knew practically all of the bartenders working on both of our visits.  Mike and Robin stand out, particularly, in my memory for their outgoing and social personalities.  FOOD:*Tomato salad (shared):  A special consisting of various types of tomatoes from the Napa Valley served with mozzarella cheese and spattered with olive oil.  It was exquisite.  The perfect start to our meal.  Recommended if available.*Chilled salmon tasting:  Three types were served including house cured gravlax, hot apple-wood smoked Skuna Bay salmon, and cold smoked Atlantic salmon.  Absolutely delicious.  I'd order this appetizer again for sure.*Lamb Tasting:  This dish included lamb rack chop and lamb loin porterhouse.  Served with couscous and rosemary garlic lamb sauce.  Having only tried lamb once before, I decided to be adventurous.  The lamb was prepared well, and I enjoyed this dish immensely.   Cuts and portion size were just right.The second dinner/visit with Rod and Terry K proved to be more enjoyable, humorous and full of laughter.  It seems its always a party with these two whether in Hawaii or on the mainland.  Of course, we all sat at the bar where we could engage in good conversation with the staff and amongst ourselves.  Plus, another round of drinks is quicker to order at the bar (*wink).FOOD:*Escargot (shared):  A nice start to the meal.  Small portions shared between the three of us.  *Bone Marrow:  Generous portion that looks intimidating, until you realize the actual portion must be separated from the bones themselves.  Very delectable.  For those that have yet to try bone marrow, take a chance and do try it at least once.  *Pork Chop:  I was shocked when the dish was finally set before me.  The portion is a behemoth certainly.  My fear was I wouldn't be able to make a dent after all the appetizers we ordered.  The meat was tender and preparation just perfect.  DRINK:  Martinis and wine were the beverages of choice for dinner.  An extensive wine list is available.DESSERT:*Espresso martini:  The perfect end to a delicious meal.   That is all.SERVICE:  Friendly, accommodating, meticulous, with superb attention to detail.  And I'm not just talking about the bartenders.  All staff we encountered exhibited such exceptional customer service.  Waters were readily refilled, rounds of drinks were quickly provided when requested, plates were cleared away and silverware replaced in a timely manner.  Appetizers and entrees were also delivered within a reasonable amount of time from when orders were placed.  There were some great conversations had with the bartenders especially, as they asked about where we were going and what we planned to do while in Vegas.  All the while they were also seeing to other patrons and filling drink orders for the restaurant.  Just an outstanding showing of camaraderie, teamwork, and exceptional service overall.  A job well done.BOTTOM LINE:  A memorable and delicious meal shared with two wonderful friends, whom I never would have met were it not for Yelp.  Cheers to good friends and good food!!
5	We came here for our 5 year anniversary.  I also got a $75 MyVegas credit, so it made it even better.  I got the 12oz Omaha Filet Mignon, which was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing.  My husband got the 2.25 pound lobster and we both thought it was the best lobster we have ever tasted.  We also shared a side of Au Gratin potatoes with cheddar.  I'm not usually a fan of these types of potatoes, but these were not too rich, it was delicious.  Everything from the service to the food was superb.  Highly recommended.
4	Great steakhouse. I think it's the best value in Vegas for a steakhouse. Traditional steakhouse feel with big leather booths and lots of wood. Steaks and seafood with nice soups and salads. Our waiters Juan and Manuel, who have served us often, are a great fun team.
1	Last night was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had at a nice place like this. Steak and lobster. Fillet rare when ordered medium. Lobster was barely warm and bland. The service was less than expected too. When I asked for some assistance with my undercooked food the server said it was rare not even med-rare let alone the medium I ordered and took it back. They brought back the same cut up piece of meat that we dissected together at the table to confirm it was undercooked before we sent it back to the kitchen. Where am I at Sizzler or a fine dining restaurant? It gets better. After complaining about serving me scraps the manager asked if I would like a whole new steak. I told her yes, the first time maybe but not after 20 minutes of this! At this point the lobster is gone the sides are almost gone and I didn't come here and order steak and lobster to be forced to eat one item at a time. Bring a new plate all together the way I ordered it. Remember this wasn't even close. Two stages off on your cooking temperatures. The center was slightly warm or even room temperature you blew it!I opted to just cancel the steak. My son was done eating and as mentioned most of my other dishes were finished also. Then the bill came and they charged me for the sauce that I was not able to eat because I had no steak! Now this morning I noticed they have charged me full price for a lobster dinner vs. the add on price of 39.00 for lobster to be added to any meal as the menu clearly states. Hence steak AND lobster. My wife and I enjoyed this place several years ago and enjoyed it so much we dined their two nights in a row. Obviously chef Kenneth Fazel was either not running this place at that time or if he was in fact the chef during our previous visits he must have recently taken up Smoking crack because it was a night and day difference from previous experiences. Either this guy doesn't deserve to be at these type's of establishments or he needs to clean house and start over!!!!I'm not talking about just blowing it on a steak. You guys blew it on several levels. A very disappointed local!!!!
5	The Kansas Steak was very good and try the meat sample of 3 steaks as its a wonderful selecrion of  beefs.  I would recommend this place as its a great place to enjoy with great service and food.  Price for 7 was $756.00 before tip with Tip it was $900.00 or about $125-130 per person.
2	As a successful business owner and woman, I was so excited to treat myself to a wonderful dinner here. Unfortunately, I was made to feel so very sub-par to the other men in the restaurant... I was celebrating a successful day, and almost cried because of how I was treated by my waiter! I'm not a feminist in any sense, but in this case I feel a need to speak up. I'm very curious to see if anyone from this restaurant will even contact me to see what the issue was...
