4	Selected entrees are excellent but the prices are a little stiff and the location! It is right next to the casino bar and you can't really have a nice, fine meal when you can hear the cover bar going at it next door. I dunno, I don't think everyone would feel the same way but I have to say at least the food is worth coming for.. although don't be fooled into thinking this is a real datesy find.
2	I would avoid. The food is OK, the prices are ludicrous, the portions are tiny. This is small portions of average food at fine dining prices.
1	Dining here was an educational experience.  The place is super spendy.  We ordered some of their Kobe filet and Kobe rib eye.  The waiter didn't bother to tell us that the rib eye was going to cost...  $150 (see picture)!!!  The sides were mediocre, the sauteed mushrooms were too salty.  They had a large selection of wine, but like their steak it was also overpriced.I don't recommend this place.  If you're in Vegas, have a hankering for a great steak, and want to spend some money, you'll get more bang for your buck at Del Frisco's or Ruth's Chris Steak House.Save your money for the tables.  Pass on this place!
5	The lamb chops were bloody rare and bloody spectacular, the wine was excellent.  Couldn't have asked for better service either.  Had the ahi tuna tartar as an appetizer, amazing stuff.
1	A classy restaurant located in a tropical rainforest. The waterfalls and a lagoon offer a serene, romantic atmosphere for diners. They boast fresh seafood and prime steaks. Be aware and eat at your own risk. The portions are quite outrageous. A piece of steak is probably enough for two persons. Sides for red meat must be ordered separately (but probably unnecessary unless you are a big eater), while seafood dishes are accompanied with sides. The crab cakes are made differently according to the season; for the summer: red peppers and corn were added to crab meat on a bed of Asian cabbage salad. The salad was quite tasty but the main component is the crab cake, not the salad (3:1 ratio). I was extremely disappointed when my Prime Rib came out over-cooked and a Bone-in Rib-eye. Side note: My friend asked me not to say anything because she didn't want to make a scene. The situation made my experience that much more horrible. My friend had the Roasted Chicken with Herb Vegetables. The chicken, dry and tough; and where were the herbs for the vegetables? Maybe dessert would be better; only if they were serving the Vanilla Creme Brule. We order the Trio of Crme Brule: Vanilla, Chocolate and Raspberry. The chocolate broke and the chocolate layer floated on top with had a coarse texture. The raspberry was actually, even coarser. The vanilla was exquisite, texture was smooth, flavor was there, perfect sweetness but for the money I'm spending, where are the vanilla beans?Service was a roller coaster. Our server was helpful and attentive at first. He attended and listened but after the dishes came out he somewhat disappeared. Busboy aka Server Assistant (SA) picked up the slack and it was nice. I understand the restaurant was coming to a close but as long as customers are inside, please work like it just opened. I hope the server thanked his SA.Free lot parking in Casino parking lot.Food: 2 Service: 4 SA: 7 Cost: $65/person
5	As I approached the restaurant, Kokomo's, in The Mirage I didn't know what to expect.  From the outside, it didn't seem like a 5 star restaurant that my friend explained to me.  Expecting it to be "dress to impress" type of restaurant, I found myself over dressed for dinner.After the host lead us to our table, lonely but serene as it looked, there lay a single candle to give the table a small light.  The table was a square dark brown wooden table, and chairs as  you sit on it were not that comfortable but it did it's job.  My first drink was a bottle of Fiji water poured in a wine glass looking cup.  Considering I'd never been there, I asked my friend to order for me.  Our wine was a white wine to accommodate for the sea food we were about to ingest.  The first course was Kokomo's Seafood on Ice.  oh my gosh!!!  The oyster on that was super duper great!  It was definitely the best oysters i've put in my stomach and in my mouth.  It had just the right amount of flavor of sea.  With a splash of lemon, cocktail sauce, and hot radish just hit the spot.Next came the Kokomo's Lobster Bisque.  Mmmm... the flaky crust around the soup perfectly blended with the bisque.  I couldn't put it down.  I think i even scraped it till there was no sign of the soup.  For the sides, we had mashed potato, sauteed mushrooms, and jumbo asparagus.  By this time, i was already getting full.  Yet, there was more coming.  I had the Alaskan King Crab Legs.  I didn't know if I could finish this since it was oversized and my poor stomach was completely full with no room left.  But, slowly I managed to fit everything I could.  We didn't end up with dessert.  I couldn't even look at another food after the meal we had.  I remember not being able to stand up.  Walking was also a challenge.  With all this, I still want to go back.  Seafood was awesome!
4	Have eaten here twice and it was good both times (although mine looked way better than the pictures posted here.)  Went with the filet once, and sea bass another trip.  Both were excellent, as were the sides.  My co-worker ordered the prime rib and it was the biggest hunk of flesh I had ever seen on a plate.My only gripe is that there are better places to eat in town for the same money
5	The lobster bisque is the best I have ever had.  It is pricy but we knew that before we went.  Great service too!
5	What's up with all the bad reviews for this place? I adore this place...First off, they've remodeled and I must say it's rather lovely inside.  But more importantly, the food really is fantastic--well, if you ordered what I always get :)  I LOVE their starters.  The seared scallops (I have no idea if it's a regular item or seasonal one) are ridiculously good!  They are seared to perfection and burst with flavor.  I've also had their crabcakes, and they are divine. The portion is rather small, but the quality speaks for itself.  OH! AND THE LOBSTER BISQUE!!!  Best I've ever had...the soup itself was savory and loaded with lobster chunks.  To top it off, there's a wonderful pastry shell that tops the soup.  I'm telling you, get the Lobster bisque. You won't be disappointed.  Their steaks are served a la carte, which get's a bit pricey.  But let it be known that these are HUGE cuts.  I had the ribeye done medium rare and it was delicious!  Perfectly seared on the outside, with a warm, red tender inside.  I couldn't be happier with it.  I don't care about the sides, as I'd rather not waste stomach space, but the garlic mashed potatoes were tasty.  Now, there is one matter that makes me tempted to knock this joint down a star---their desserts are absolutely atrocious!  I mean it! If you've read any of my other reviews, then you'll know that I'm a dessert fiend and I like my creme brulee....but boy is the creme brulee here total crap!  The dessert comes with three different types of creme brulee--choclate, traditional, and I don't even remember the third.  Man, it's gross. It's super dense and thick.  Stick a spoon down the middle, and it won't budge--it's that dense.  Aside from the rock hard texture, the taste is just off.  It's really terrible.  I can't image why they would serve such crap.  But I'll be generous tonight and stick to the five stars.  But heed my advice--stay away from the desserts.  I do hope that they redesign their dessert menu and put some effort into it.  It's just depressing!Oh, and as for the reviewer who was upset with the $150 kobe steak--I've been to plenty of places that don't list the price.  And they really don't tell you unless you ask.  Heck, I ordered swordfish at another establishment and was never quoted the price (it turned out to be a whopping $45).  Seriously...if you're going to order something that doesn't have the price listed to it, just assume it's gonna cost a truckload of money.  I do, and it serves me well. Or don't be afraid to ask.  I've seen the kobe on their menu, and the price is never listed.  In fact, I've seen this at many restaurants.  I personally, don't think that kobe is worth its price.  I'll take a ribeye or porterhouse anyday.
3	A place of solid eats (nothing that you'd get out of the ordinary, but nothing so bad that you'd think it was below average, pretty much what you think you'll get is what you will if you have normal expectations).Came here with a large group, I ordered the lobster bisque, the prime rib, medium rare, and a side of sweet mashed potatoes. The bisque had a very very flaky, buttery, and scrumptious puff pastry top baked to a perfection. I gobbled up the puffy stuff in a jiffy. The soup was a little too salty and was more of a thick cream than a robust bisque. The prime rib was massive, and very juicy, even without much au jus on it. It wasn't very flavored, but the meat texture was good. Finally, the sweet mashed potatoes went very well with the prime rib, but by itself tasted like a slighty tangy, sweet potato mush.The service was hard to flag down, and was always in a rush and rather abrupt. They also cleared the entire table before we were done eating. They took away someone's fries while he was still working on it! I was appalled by the careless and rushed service. It got to the point where just one person was eating, but the rest of us had no dishes/place settings, etc anymore because they had all been taken away so the person was basically eating while the rest of us sat around and stared at nothing. Not cool.It's not a bad atmosphere, and the food is decent, just don't expect super great service.
5	As pictured, the boys had the Surf and Turf. I had the King Crab and Filet.  It was delicious.  I was not able to eat  all of it...It was great eating the leftovers for breakfast...(Imagine us eating top dollar  food of seafood and filet on our hotel beds with nothing but our hands, it was great. The Filet mignon was so tender and juicy...melted in my mouth.  The King Crab was a King Crab...biggest legs I ever ate.  It was cooked and chilled to perfection.  Their Fat @ss....Literally Fat @ssed Lobster was so huge, it was ridiculous to see how big it was.  It was Lobster on Steroids!  I hate lobster, so I didnt taste it, but my company loved every bite of it...it was disgusting to watch.The guys ordered a bottle of red wine, twenty rows.  It was too dry for me to have a glass...so it wasnt a problem for them to finish it themselves. (BF is a big red wine drinker).I never ate out like that before but it was great for my first time eating high roller style.  I only say high roller cause of the price of each item!  The only thing that sucked is the presentation...the plate was bare, and you have to order sides la a carte.  If you win big money in Mirage...go spend it on the Filet Mignon at Kokomos and order it meduim rare...So Good!
5	Their Kobe beef was best piece of steak I've ever had. That  3/8 inch slab of cow was so soft and tender I didn't even need a knife to cut it into smaller portions. I simply used my fork. The meat melted in my mouth like a warm piece of rich chocolate...*sigh* Beautiful, just beautiful. The bad part was that they charged us $150 for this dish...*whew*. The assorted seafood appetizer and the lobster dinner were excellent, but the beef was definitely the star of the evening.4.5 Stars...would be 5 stars if it weren't for the ridiculously high prices.
5	The setting is great, right below the trees of the hotel's indoor rainforest.  Quick word or warning before I forget, they give you a lot of food here, so keep that in mind as you're scarfing down the appetizers before your meal.We had the prawns with garlic spaetzle as an app for two folks, but I think each of us could have ordered one for ourselves and had a meal out of it.  It was great!We also had the lobster bisque, which has a flaky pastry crust on top.  This was the best part and I do agree with another post that the bisque itself was somewhat salty and didn't have a ton of the shell and meat in it, but that was still ok with me.  It tasted great and came in a good size portion.  For the entree I had the seabass and it was perfect texture and preparation.  I can't comment too much more on it because I was too full from the soup and app to actually eat the whole thing.In terms of service, it was very quick.  Plates were removed promptly when we were done, crumbs were scraped off, and we were checked on constantly.  However, I don't know how much of this is attributed to the fact that we had an early 5pm dinner.
3	There is probably better in Vegas...: When we visited Kokomo's it was very, very cold! Uncomfortably so! Based on online reviews I tried the lobster bisque, which was good but there was way too much cream. The cream overpowered the lobster and anything else in this bisque. My steak was prepared well, as was the lobster. Although the steak was good, it was not my favorite by any means. The 'special' of the night was an 8oz. filet of Kobe beef which cost $130! We stayed away from that one...The service was good and the scenery is nice too. We were able to sit near the water and foliage. I was, however, surpised to see a few people dressed too casually, jeans, shorts(!) and t-shirts should not be allowed in a nice restaurant.
5	I can only say that this restaurant provided me with my best dining experience in the United States in the 10 years I've bee living here, bar L'Orangerie in LA, that is now closed. Everything we had was just fantastic. The service was impeccable. We had the Tuna Tartar, the dozen Oysters on the half shell and the French Onion soup. All three were exceptional. The soup was one of the best French Onion soups I've had in a long time.I had the sea bass that was just amazing. My friend had the Rib Eye and he couldn't compliment it enough.The cocktails were very good, they had a very nice wine selection. Honestly, everything was just perfect. I was very impressed. I didn't except this from a Las Vegas hotel lobby restaurant, but the place blew me away. Honestly, I have not had a better  dining experience ever since (for 2 years).  And it's not even overpriced. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny. Kudos to Kokomo's.
5	My boyfriend and I searched for a nice place to have dinner while in Vegas this past weekend. After much searching on my new iphone (whoohoo), we came across Kokomo's. They raved about a lush rainforest atmosphere and great food. While the rainforest atmosphere fell short, the food did not! We split the garden salad, a 12oz filet mignon, garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. I am not a huge red meat eater but OMG was the steak fantastic! We got it med rare (recommended)- This price is PRICY, so split! There is PLENTY of food!!! We enjoyed the meal so much, we ended up staying in the Mirage that night! wink winkWe went on a Sunday night, and there was a photographer going around taking pix. Be aware though- she is expensive too!The waterfall the restaurant boasts about is tucked in the far back corner- cant see it, which was a bummer, but overall staff and food were totally worth the price! With sharing and the cheapest bottle of red wine, we still spent $140!*Valet the car! The restaurant is right in the front! Garage parking is hell on the heels, ladies!
4	This place is a hit or miss, but the prime rib is a must! I always get the prime rib because it's really good and really big (over 30 oz. so share please!) The others are not so reliable, sometimes good and sometimes bad. The kobe beef is always good, but pricey. $300 for 8oz?? Stick to the prime rib~
5	I love this place! Here are the reasons why:1) the service was excellent - my friends and I were in Vegas  and wanted to have wine with our steak. We asked the waiter if buying by the glass was worth it or if we should pay for the whole bottle instead.The menu of course did not have the price associated with the wine, which was why we asked the question in the first place. The waiter indicated that a glass of wine for each of us would be enough. As the nite got later, the waiter kept coming by and filling up our glass of wine. I swear...we had like 3 fill glasses each by the end of the nite and only paid for one =)2) the food was outstanding for the price - I dunno about anyone else, but my fillet was cooked just right. My friend had the same meal as I did and were both raving about the steak. My other friend had the prime rib and the word "WOW" comes to mind. The prime rib was soOOoo big that the table next to us could not stop laughing. Not only did the prime rib look huge, but it was very juicy and tasty. 3) the atmosphere was beautiful - we had a really nice table with a clear ceiling. We could see the stars sighing at nite. Highly romantic and elegant. 4) the price - What can say...for how much we drank and ate...the price was really reasonable compared to Ruth Chris, Maestro, etc.5) overall- because of great company, service, price, and environment... I  will come back to this place!
3	Kokomo's....hmmmm, my bf and i went here last month while we were in town.  I called ahead and made reservations on the phone, while making the reservation, I had asked about the prixe fix menu they offered.We arrived at the restaurant and we were seated in a timely manner.  The place seemed nice, but I don't understand the whole dim lighting thing in restaurants.  Anyways, waitress came over and took our drink orders, i just ordered for now and my bf asked about a red wine she would recommend.  She asked glass or bottle, he took ONE glass, she questioned if it was just one and I don't drink wine so just one.  As for my water she asked if I wanted regular or bottled, not still or sparkling like they normally would at a restaurant like this.  BTW, I heard her ask a table next to us if they wanted sparkling or still.As she walked away, we had a chance to look at the menu.  The menu we received was only the prixe fix menu.  Just because I asked doesn't mean I don't want to see the regular menu.  Now that I see we've only received the prixe fix menu, I think I understand why the waitress did what she did when we ordered our drinks.  She probably thought we were cheap customers.  You can't stereotype people nowadays.  So now I was kinda upset, it's cool they were able to reflect that I asked about the prixe fix menu, but at least offer me the regular menu as well.  I'm on vacation and I'm here to spend money, unless you don't want it, I can leave.  But we chose to give them a chance since we were already there.We were able to grab the attention of another waiter serving the table next to us, because ours just seemed to disappear for awhile.  We asked for the regular menus and when he returned with them, he told us about the specials they had for the night without even hesitating.  I liked him a lot, too bad he wasn't our waiter.Well we ordered our food, I got the prixe fix menu and my bf got some steak with shrimp on top.  I also ordered the lobster bisque that everyone was raving about.So the food was good, the other people that brought out our food and drinks and the other table's waiter were awesome, but our waitress lady who chose to stereotype was being critiqued every minute and I didn't like her too much.  I guess after we ordered from the regular menu on top of the prixe fix menu, she started to be a little nicer.  But the fact that she acted the way she did in the beginning really disturbed me.My bf and I are part of the middle class and we like to splurge every once in awhile.  These servers at these higher end restaurants have to understand that.  And if your restaurant is willing to put out a prixe fix menu, that means they are trying to attract other people so they too can enjoy the food they are providing, as well as the service.  I wouldn't show up at restaurant or at least stay at a restaurant if I knew I couldn't afford it.   You have to treat each person that walks into your restaurant equally at least when they first walk in.  If they happen to be troublesome once you've seated and spoke to them, then I can understand the attitude, but not before you get that chance.Because of her, my bf and I will probably not go to kokomo's again even tho the food was still good.
5	$29.99/pp for an awesome 3-course meal? I'm all for it.My sister and I got an e-mail from the Mirage advertising their prix fixe menus, so we made a reservation.The ambiance is nice, but I think they could use more light.  The service was great.  We had about three servers tending to us.  Drinks were awesome.Food was delish.  To start, I had the mushroom pot pie (SO GOOD), and Jenn had the crab cake, which she really enjoyed.For the entree, I had the surf and turf.  They gave an ample portion of steak, but only one (yummy) jumbo garlic shrimp.  Jenn had the salmon, which she thoroughly enjoyed.For dessert, I had the 12 layer chocolate cake, and Jenn had the butterscotch custard. Both were AMAZING (and I don't even like butterscotch).I'd recommend it, especially for the great price!
4	What  a deal! Came here to try their prix fixe dinner for $29.99. Hubby and I both had the crab cake appetizers, I had the macadamia crusted mahi mahi and hubby had the surf and turf. For desserts, we shared the 12 layer chocolate cake and butterscotch custard. The portions were not as big as the regular priced menu, but I am definitely not complaining, especially hubby's surf and turf . The staff was friendly and were just as attentive as if we were ordering the $300 dinner. :) The food was delicious. Great bargain! Will go back even if we have to pay full price, ha.
4	Day one of four for best friend's bday bash....let's see how great life is in Vegas by day four....ouch....here we go.......First off, food is excellent. Australian lobster tail nearly took up half the table...seriously, I'll post a pic.Definitely start with the oysters, really really good....and huge!Filet Mignon was standard, but the selection of sides were great. Good to share....try them all, especially the horseradish potatoes.The ambiance was definitely less than what we had hoped for right out the gate. Granted we had a large party (15), and it was great that put us in a private room, but that said, we were also really separated from the environment. Great music out in the larger dining room and bar, but we were stuck with easy-listening "I'm in waiting room and really bored" music. A few drinks in nobody really cared......on to Jet!
4	They warned me and I refused to listen. BIG MISTAKE. Major pwnage. I wasn't exactly in the mood for seafood, so my eyes went directly to the prime rib on the menu. The waiter gave me a mind-boggling look and said "are you sure now? It's quite a huge portion". Looking at the price, it was only $30, so I thought I'd be getting a 12-16oz. I gave him a look of confidence and with a prideful smile, I told him it'll be a piece of cake.Boy was I wrong.When they brought the dish over, he attempted to be funny and said "here you go, Mrs. Flinstone". Normally, I would've taken that as an insult, but I was too shocked to even respond to his smartass remark. I was floored. My medium rare slab of prime rib took up my entiiiiire side of the table at about 2 1/2 inches thick. O_O!! I didn't know what to do with it! I even offered half of it to the table behind us full of hungry men that were dumbfounded at the sight of my dish. All but 3 bites was boxed up. It was the first time I failed to finish meat at the table. I wanted to curl up in the corner and cry.Michelle - 0, Prime Rib - 1.All jokes aside, I found the meat to be pretty flavorful and it was cooked perfectly. I also tried my friend's lobster tail and THAT was delish. If you're not  fan of rare fish, remember to ask them to fire your plate a lil longer because the salmon and the sea bass came out a tad undercooked. I loved the tropical rain forest vibe to the place and the service was phenomenal...even though they made me feel like a total heffer. I think it was just his way of rubbing it in that there was no possible way, even if all the divine forces of the Earth came together, that I could have finished that prime rib and he had given me a fair warning.I'll come back, but I know when to accept defeat. I will challenge the prime rib no more.
4	Went here by myself while at a conference. Loved the fact they had a price fixe menu (picture included). $30 for an appetizer, entree and dessert. Staff was great; loved the open air feeling of the restaurant.
4	Helloooooo Prime Rib! Thanks to the advice of fellow Yelpers, my friend and I split the Prime rib here and were STILL UNABLE to finish it! Boo to you Kokomo's for making us waste food! Especially the delicious hunk of tender, moist chunk of meat you bestowed upon us. Prime rib came with au jus and a signature sauce you can choose from at the bottom of the memu complimentary. We tried the brandied peppercorn, which was only ok... Should have gone with my gut instinct and gotten the Cabernet Mushroom sauce instead. Oh well. Next time. We also had the Lobster Bisque, which was a little too salty for me, but not for my friend. Pretty good nonetheless with chunks of lobster. MmmMmmm.....  The other girls all had the prix fixe dinner for $30 that came with an appetizer, entree, and a dessert. -------------Everyone here at the restaurant was SO nice and I loved the ambiance of a mellow, outdoorisque-type feeling but was situated indoors. My friend and I got there first for a reservation at 7:30PM, but were late 15min. The other girls didn't show up until a half hour after us, but we did not feel rushed at all by any of our servers! They were even so accommodating as to make sure our orders came out fast because our show started at 9:30PM. Great great great service and really good food.
5	I must say that Michelle W's experience was similar to mine.My girlfriend and I went to Kokomos after the Beatles: LOVE 7pm show and we couldn't have picked a better time and place. We were seated immediately, and were waited on by about four separate people.I didn't care for the appetizer menu, considering I'm a steak person and not really into seafood. My girlfriend is not really into either, but was pleasantly pleased when she saw the roasted chicken on the menu.Now, every time I go to Vegas nowadays, I'm always looking for a night where we go out to a place that has a nice Prime Rib. Well, damn did I find it this time. This was the biggest Prime Rib I've ever seen. I was too embarrassed to even take a picture of it, but the thing had to be an inch and a half thick and it covered basically the whole plate. I really had no idea how I was going to even finish this thing. The au jus sauce was cooked to perfection, as was the rest of the meal, and this dinner was the perfect ending to an already perfect night thanks to the show. I would highly recommend Kokomo's for the service as well as the food. I was looking forward to the prime rib all week based on the reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed at all.
4	The place really made us felt like we are really somewhere else other than Vegas!  No casino noise and smokes, just wonderful garden looking environment!  Food was great!  We had the lobster bisque and porterhouse steak.  Steak was well prepared and seasoned.    If you had the chance to dine here, you GOT TO order the lobster bisque!!!  Those that didn't order it in our group were seriously regretting it.  Soup is pretty filling, so you might consider splitting it.  They had no problem splitting the dishes.  Hot tea is served with Wedgwood china with generous teapot.
3	Dined at Kokomo's with the $29.99 per person prix fixe deal currently offered at certain Mirage restaurants. My dad had the crab cake, surf and turf, and chocolate cake, while I had the carrot salad, salmon, and butterscotch custard. The crab cake and carrot salad were just okay. The surf and turf dish was wonderful - the steak was like butter, and the shrimp was tasty. The salmon was a very hefty portion, not too fishy, in a nice light sauce, but the accompanying side of rice was terribly bland. Desserts were good but not great. For the price, this is a great deal, but I'd probably recommend trying the other higher-rated Mirage restaurants instead. On our night at Mirage, Onda and Fin were closed, Japonais was no longer serving their lounge meal for 2 (5-8PM only), and we didn't want Stack since we've eaten at sister restaurant Fix already...so we were stuck with Kokomo's. Good value for the deal, but not some of the finest Vegas has to offer.
4	We came here for our anniversary dinner after the 7pm LOVE show. The 3 course pre fix meal is a great deal. We were seated next to the "jungle", which was very nice and serene. We both had the crab cake, which was fantastic. The surf n turf and stuffed chicken were both delicious. The butterscotch pudding was meh, but the 12 layer chocolate cake was to die for!!!!!! As others wrote, you have to ask for the pre fixe menu. Otherwise, they just give you the regular menu.
5	A friend and I came here to eat before the "Love" show. The food and service here is wonderful. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was the  dessert custard  for the pre-fixe menu. I think they added to much rum to that. The crab cakes are amazing, Those are must haves. This place is definately worth eating at before the show starts.
4	Went last Friday night. Food was very good. We all ordered seafood. The service was also top notch. We ordered a seafood tower and they forgot to bring it. When we reminded them are dinner had arrived. He brought it out anyways and didnt charge us ($125 value).It should get 5 star but I only gave it a four star, because the atmosphere was lousy. They are missing the big picture. they have all the right "ingredients" great food and great service, but NO atmosphere.
5	This review is for the $29.99 Prix Fixe menu they have going on - wow!Amazing food, seriosuly. Portions dont seem like much - at first, but believe me... they are!With a bottle of very good wine, hubbie and I dined for $120 (including tip) in an atmosphere to envy. My favorites: Crab cakes, Surf & Turf and the Butterscotch dessert, especially the dessert - it was like an Orgasm every time I had a taste, I would go back JUST FOR THAT DESSERT!!!
3	I do love the buffets, but sometimes even the best buffet can't equal up to a nice dinner at a swank restaurant....so my friends decided to mix things up and go all out before we went to see the Cirque de Soleil Beatles LOVE show. As it was old people dinner time (5:30 PM), there was nobody here, so we figured we had time to give this place a try.The design and atmosphere of the place is very soothing and unique. You're seated right next to the jungle by the Wynn entrance, which gives the illusion that you're enjoying a nice dinner outside even though you are actually in a nice, comfortable air conditioned hotel. Food here was FANTASTIC. Their lobster bisque ($11) was perhaps the best lobster bisque I've ever had. It came encased with a bread top akin to a chicken pot pie, and had just right levels of flavor and consistency that every gulp was seafood heaven. The crabcakes were quite good too. They were actually little balls of crab served up with a tasty serving sauce. I haven't eaten crab cakes served in that form before, but it certainly delivered. Of course, these two were just appetizers for the main course...an 8oz fillet mignon with 3 cajun spiced jumbo shrimp ($52). I hadn't had a real steak in a long time, so every bite into this steak was heaven. The meat was so flavorful and tender that it dissolved in my mouth the way only a superb steak can. So after all this, why an average of 3 stars? The service here was sadly HORRIBLE. Even though there were very few people here, it was hard to catch the attention of our disappearing waiter. Now I don't know if their lack of attention to our needs was just out of random neglect or because we were the only diners that weren't middle aged rich retirees, but when you're in a hurry, its annoying to see that the table of 60 year old high rollers next to you are already getting their appetizers when you're still waiting for your menus. Also, they asked us if we wanted bottled water and our response was is that we just wanted tap water. Of course they end up pouring us TWO bottles of water which we found out later on the receipt were $8.50 each (which brings up another annoying point....no bottle of water should ever be $8.50 unless it gives me the gift of flight). The final insult to injury is that as we rushed out of there to make the show..we didn't notice that they had accidentally charged us for the 2 beers for the table NEXT to us (yes, the same 60 year old high rollers who were snacking on their lobster tails while I was unhappily chewing on my bread).With service and mess-ups like this, I'd normally rank a little lower...but the quality of the food was so good and I'm willing to believe that it may be possible that we just got shafted with the restaurants' one crappy waiter....so I'd be willing to come back and give it another chance....maybe this time with the high roller parents.
4	Came here for dinner before the "Love" show. The 4 of us all dined from the $29.99 fixe prix menu. This menu is truly a fantastic deal! Nothing else on the menu was under $30, and certainly did not include three courses! We had requested a "jungle" table which was nice because we didn't have many other tables around us, just a nice jungle view and an intimate setting to enjoy our meal. For starters 3 of us had the shrimp cake and one of us had the summer salad. All of it was beautifully presented and very tasty. The shrimp cake was absolutely amazing.For the main course I had the mahi mahi which was served with potatoes and veggies and was great. Not too fishy, good portion size, and cooked perfectly. The other three in my group had the steak and all gave it good reviews.For desert I had the chocolate cake which was good but not great. But by that time I didn't have much room anyways and was pleasantly satisfied with the rest of my meal to care too much. One more thing: the bread basket was to die for. The olive bread was some of the best bread I have ever had!Service was good, they were very professional though it did take a bit to get my second drink. Everyone else got theirs fast though and our server was busy, so no worries.For the price I would definitely recommend checking out Kokomo's for a nice Vegas meal at a great price! With a couple drinks each and the three course dinner our party of four got out for under $200 with tax and tip! :)
4	I went here before a show at the Mirage and we used the Fix Price menu.  For the price of the fix price it was amazing.  It was three courses.  For a first course there was a shrimp cake, summer veggie salad, and a corn flan.  The main course was a steak, chicken, or mahi mahi.  and Dessert was a chocolate cake and a fruit tart.  I enjoyed all three courses that I had.  I had the shrimp cake which was wonderful.  I tried the other two and they were fine but nothing special.  The steak was a huge portion with a very garlic mashed potatoes.  And for desert I tried the fruit dessert.   it was wonderful.  I have to say one of my favorite things about the restaurant was the ambiance.  It had a great feel.  I really enjoy it.  I went with a group of five and everyone was quite happy.
3	This place is ok, but with all the options for restaurants you have in Vegas you would be better off picking another restaurant.  Pros- - Reasonable prices- Food is not bad but not amazing - Perfect size portions, left satisfied but not hungry or full.- Potentially cool jungle theme- Brought out a nice cheese cake to celebrate our honeymoonCons-- Very bad lime green carpet and upholstery- Had to request tasting menu, was not offered  - Server seemed more worried about check average then guest first relations- Ribeye was ordered medium rare, but came out well done.
4	We eat at Kokomos 4 times in the past 5 trips to Vegas and it doesn't disappoint.  Its a smaller restaurant that many people don't know about, but its well worth giving it a shot.Best crab legs I've ever had.  Got 1 lb of crab legs for and I couldn't even finish them.  You can definitely split them with another person and add a salad or side and it would be perfect.  They are sliced in half so you don't have to go through all the messy work of getting all crab meat out.  We also ordered the surf and turf -  1/2 lb crab legs and lamb chops.  That is another dish you can probably share with someone else as it is way too much food for one person.  Crab legs are delish, lamb chops were pretty good too, cooked very well.  Make sure you try the lobster bisque - one of the best bisques I've had.  Its served in a ramekin bowl with a sort of pastry breading baked around it.  They didn't skimp in the crab meat.  The night we were there it was also half off all bottles of wine which for Las Vegas, I was pretty surprised.  Ambiance was fine, the service was ok.  There were only 2 servers, and we noticed our server had at least 6 other tables.  Then at the end of the meal he kind of lingered when he gave us the check and when he gave it to us he said, "Here's your copy, this is my copy.  And if you want to leave a little somethin'-somethin' for me that's cool too."  Kind of awkward.
3	Good food - terrible service.  I was actually going to give four stars, but after reading other reviews and looking at the website I found that they have a pre fixe menu which they don't offer and apparently you just have to ask for.  As far as food goes I was pretty pleased with everything I ate.  For an appetizer I tried the crab cake which I thought was really good, but a bit on the small side.  For an entree I had the Blackened Kansas City Strip with the brandied peppercorn sauce.  I thought the steak and sauce were really good, but the shrimp were way overdone.  For a side I had the wasabi mashed potatoes which were decent.  As stated before, the service was terrible.  At this price point you at least expect the the waiter to come by and check on you every so often.  Or, when you see that pre-dinner cocktails are now empty at least ask if anyone needs another drink.
3	I took my wife for a "date". I used YELP.COM to find this place. Another good choice. We were able to make a reservation easily through the Mirage phone service. Was pleased to find out that "dress casual-jeans are allowed" is the way I wanted to go. Service was very good. We split the MASSIVE prime rib. It was at least 12 oz a piece. It was worth the price. The sides were not exceptional but satisfying. The ambiance was very subdued lighting, with the "jungle" atrium right there. You did not even catch a glimpse of the hub-bub of the casino and front desk very nearby. It was worth the splurge as we usually are Red Lobster clientele. It was a fun evening and we thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant.
4	I dined here a while ago for my girlfriends bachlorette party.  The atmosphere of the restaraunt is really nice.  Its located at the main level of the Mirage.  Dining here makes you feel like your eating in a tropical rainforest, GREAT ambiance!  Our server was on point, making sure we were well taken care of.  We ordered from the pre-fix menu for the appetizer i ordered the crispy shrimp with smoked pepper relish, and cilantro, the combination of this dish was amazing i wish they wouldve gave me more of this but it was only a small amount, what a tease! ...For the entree i got the filet minon and crab gratin, i seriously cleaned my plate out on this one, and for desert i ordered the milk chocolate torte which was a perfect way to top things off.  All this for 40$ from their pre fixe menu.  Good deal!
4	This place is good. I've been here about three times. The Filet mingon and the shrimp prawns are absolutely amazing. Price...not the cheapest, but usually on a moments notice you can get in this place. Sometimes on busy nights, the services is a little questionable. I've had amazing and not-so-amazing service. Just depends on how busy they are. Nice decor and great food.
5	I dined here tonight (4/25/10) and chose from their prix fixe menu.  Everything about the dinner was perfect.  The service was excellent.  Usually, there were two or three waiters/bus staff at a table when a course was brought.  I was brought a second iced tea when I still had 1/3 glass remaining and I didn't have to ask.  The meal was wonderful.  I had the Duck Confit Caesar salad for an appetizer, Filet Mignon and Crab Gratin for the main course, and Buttermilk Spice Cake for dessert.The ambience of Kokomo's is very nice.  If you're familiar with the Mirage, it's a part of the area under the dome - the atrium  with live palm trees, blooming orchids, and tourists in the distance walking through the atrium.A friend suggested this was a good place to go after dark when the room is darker with soft lighting.  I can understand that now, and I plan to return for a dinner when it's dark out.I was so pleased with the dinner and the staff that I know I will be returning!
4	We went here after a showing of LOVE and were happy to find without a reservation we were able to be seated right away. In fact, the restaurant was mostly empty on a Thursday evening. I like the atmosphere. It is located in the "rain forest" area in Mirage, there is a casual and comfortable feel. No need for a jacket. We had scallops as an appetizer and the dish was really delicious! My entree was filet and shrimps, both very good - although the shrimp won the war of the plate. I think the steaks we had were really nice but not the best of our trip. However, the seafood was far superior to RM Seafood and probably the best we had during our week in LV. I would definitely go back here. It was not mega expensive, the seafood was great, and the atmosphere was ace.
4	My husband and I both had the prix fixe menu before seeing "Love" and we really enjoyed our dinner!  They have a huge wine selection - almost too many bottles to chose from, if that's possible.  I like the ambience; you feel like you're in a tropical oasis.  Overall, great service, quality food, and a really nice dining experience.
5	kokomo's i love you. haha. i'm not a huge fine diner because i don't really have the time or money..and i dont have a boyfriend so i cant really compare this place to the big steakhouses like BOA, houston's...etc. but based on my experience here on my birthday, i really loved it!made reservations and were quickly seated even though we were like 10-15 minutes late. the service here is awesome and the ambiance is great.  its located in the front area where the lobby is but you feel like you're in your own rainforest world with all the trees and waterfall surrounding you.  my friends all let me try a little bit of everything that they ordered... i dont know if it was cuz it was my birthday or they just were really nice =)haha. but i did try the lobster bisque..which is FANTASTIC. it comes in this delicious flakey pastry dough bowl and is so creamy.. it definitely fills you up so if your planning on ordering this, an entree salad might be a good idea. also tried the raw oysters, which were fresh and tasted great with saltine crackers and tabasco.had myself a glass of riesling and the filet mignon, which was cooked to perfectionnn and the mashed potato side was so creamy and delicious.  the pricing is pretty high... but from what ive heard its not as expensive as a lot of other vegas steakhouses.  i forget what dessert i had when they brought it out.. i think was pretty buzzed by this point so its hard to remember. but all in all i had a great experience here and highly recommend it, especially if your staying at the mirage!!
4	I wanted to hate this place because its so "hotely" but it was great. Had the surf and turf which was a delicious splurge ($125) but well worth it.  Starters of oysters and tuna tartare were tasty. Service was very attentive and warm which made us want to stay longer. Definitely recommend for a special night
2	I have to give it low reviews because the service just absolutely sucks. We had dinner there on 8/28 and even though the food was very good, the service really brought down the entire experience. It took forever once we got sat for a server to take our drink order and then longer again to get a server to take our order. We couldn't get refills on our sodas at all.  You'd think for a $200.00 meal that they would at least refill your sodas or take your order in a reasonable amount of time.
2	Not the best I've ever had in my life, but also not the worst.  I usually don't give out 2's, but I did for a few reasons...It's definitely a swanky Vegas joint, so go in with money... our bill for 10 of us was about 850 + tip, AND this was on restaurant week when we went (which means it's a bit cheaper for a full course meal).Wine was good, pricey still as usual.Food was good, can't complain there, I was happy about this.Also was pretty happy that they put all of us in a private room because we had such a large party.  This was wonderful.Our server was ok, but at the end we were trying to split up the bill - and he purposely didn't come back in for at least 30 minutes.  He'd peak his head in and walk out without making eye contact.  I KNOW it was because he didn't want to split the bill for us, and this pissed me off a bit.  I still tipped 20%, but wasn't happy about it, ha.Last thing, we didn't get our deserts that we ordered with the "restaurant week" menu.  We were all pretty drunk and didn't want them at that point - but still, they should have came without us asking for them again.And that's that!  I wouldn't go here again unless I get some comps from the Mirage for it.  There are way better steakhouses in vegas (read: the palm, the brazillian place, Kraft Steak at MGM).
3	Food is very good but the service is lacking and it is expensive ($200 for two). Nice setting but there are resturants with just as good food and better service.
4	Would almost have given this a five... but for one thing.  The setting is elegant, and even though open to the hotel, it opens on the "rain forest" setting, with the sound of the waterfall serenading you through your dining experience.  The wine list was splendid, we ordered a nice sauvignon blanc.  The service was near flawless... they did not hover, but were attentive, we never had to wait for our next course, yet we never had to say that we weren't quite done yet.  And the food.  I had the filet, which was cooked to perfection.  And my wife had the sea bass, which was simply the best sea bass she's ever had.  Period.  Now the one negative.  I had the three cheese onion soup, and it was... not good.  Plain and simple, there was a sweetness to it, which I couldn't identify, but it did not compliment the dish.  Other than that, it would have been a perfect meal.
4	My husband and I went to see the Cirque du Soleil show and we bought the pre-fixe meal/ticket combo. This is a high scale restaurant so I don't even want to know what the regular prices look like. I had fried shrimp, Filet Mignon and spice cake for desert. The food was yummy! The service was also great, which should be expected from a restaurant like this. This place is normally out of my price range, but if I somehow strike it rich I may come back and splurge at Kokomo's.
4	It was my first time going here and I loved it.. minus our werid server which is why I only put four stars. The two best things on the menu = the fresh oysters and the lobster bisque.The oysters were fresh and small so they were easy to eat and nicely seasoned. The lobster Bisque had this yummy pastry top... soooooo gooood..The rest of the food, steak and chicken was your typical comtemporary restaurant meal taste. Nothing too special.I will be coming back for apps!
5	I came here... Jan 2/11 before I took the LONG LONNNNG 8 hour stuck in traffic drive back to LA.. and of course ordered the oysters and lobster bisque and nothing has changed still awesome as ever.. We also ordered the half chicken.. let me tell you. The chicken was sooo juicy and succulent.. The service was excellent. I am extremely pleased and will be going back here to eat every time I am in vegas!!!!
5	The service was excellent! We made prior reservations and were seated in the private party room for nine people. There was a "Prix Fixe" menu in which I chose for my appetizer: Marinated Beet Salad, entree: Filet Mignon & Crab Gratin, and dessert: Milk Chocolate Torte all for only $39.99. They don't tell you about the menu unless you ask for it and only if you have over eight people in your party. The Filet Mignon & Crab Gratin was amazing with a side of mashed potatoes and broccoli slow steamed to perfection. I wish I could have ordered it medium rare than medium well, that was my own mistake but it was still delicious. I am not a fan of beets which I learned after my beet salad, I would highly recommend the Duck Confit Caesar (absolutely tasteful) Lastly, for dessert the Milk Chocolate Torte was the perfect chocolate helping with a side of mandarin oranges. We were very well taken care of in the private party room and the setting was intimate without the loud bustle of the outside dining. Would definitely come back!
4	Nice atmosphere - Our table was by the waterfall. Pricey, but worth it. Great service. This is the 3rd time we have been here, this time we got an waiter who I would believe is comedian wannabe. The cupid kiss drink was tasty. I had the 8 oz fillet mixed w/ a Cabernet reduction sauce and a mushroom melted in my mouth.
5	I rarely give 5 stars especially to restaurants. After a show, my girl and I decided  - well she decided  - to get something to eat. We decided on Kokomo's because it was in the Mirage and she loves that place. GOOD CHOICEWarning - We spent over $200 for 2 people, so if you are on a budget, RUN. If not, stay and enjoy one of the best meals I have had EVER!No reservations, but it was 6 PM on Sunday, so no wait. The restaurant says it's a "rain forest" atmosphere, and yes there are plants everywhere. Services as 5-Star (as expected from fine dining at the Mirage), and the food.....Mmmm the food. Okay, first Shrimp. OMG Huge, perfectly prepared and delicious. Jax had Lobster Bisque and she loved it. We both ordered steaks. Let me tell you, it was soooo good and cooked to perfection. The next morning I woke up starving, and took a chance with my steak cold. STILL DELICIOUS. Now that's a quality piece of meat. As a concierge, since my visit to Kokomo's I have sent 4 clients there. All loved it and gave me high marks for the recommendation. Even if you are not staying at the Mirage, definitely take a trip up/down the strip and enjoy a meal.
3	HIGHLIGHT of this restaurant:  Lobster Bisque.  The BEST lobster bisque I have ever had.  The soup is very creamy and rich, topped with a fluffy puff pastry.  But b/c it's so rich, it's best to be shared with 2 people so that you still have an appetite left for the rest of the meal.  If i had to rate this restaurant on the soup alone, it would have 5 stars...the soup is THAT good.   Appetizer: If you enjoy oysters, the oysters on the 1/2 shell are fresh here.  Main entrees: I've tried various cuts of steak here (filet mignon, NY, porterhouse) and they are only ok.  Not too impressed by the steak.  Not too flavorful and a bit on the dry side for me, even at medium-rare.  If you do the surf & turf, the lobster comes with a pretty good lemon-butter sauce, but the lobster is a bit on the tough side/overcooked.My friend ordered a sea bass dish that was pretty good.  It was much better than any of the cuts of steak.  No fishy-taste & well prepared.  Overall, the seafood here is prepared better than the steak.
3	Only went to the bar here.  The service is very spotty.  Some are horrible, others are good.  Palm Bay drink was good.  Order the kettle nachos.  They are awesome and huge portion!
5	We bought a dinner + show package for Cirque's Beatles Love show on Vegas.com. This place is very expensive so we probably wouldn't have eaten here otherwise. We arrived at the very beginning of our seating time which was between 5 and 6 pm since the show was at 7 pm. The place was pretty empty so we got a great table next to the watery garden area. We had a total of three servers that accommodated our table, so we always had everything we needed. We were given a Prix Fixe menu valued at $40 a meal which included an appetizer, entree and dessert. They had lots of fancy options for the main course like filet mignon and salmon but nothing for vegetarians. The waitress assured me that the chef could prepare a special dish. Three of us ordered glasses of wine, which were about an additional $10 a pop.   I started off with the beet salad, which was delicious - I just wish there was a little bit more of it. When it was time for our entrees, I got a plate of perfectly prepared carrots, kale, mushrooms, mashed potatoes and asparagus. Dessert was this huge, rich slice of chocolate torte. I literally cleaned every plate put in front of me.  So with our lovely view of the indoor water garden came these little birds that were chirping and fluttering around. One actually perched unbeknownst to us on the lattice ceiling and dropped a bomb on my mom's arm. We all thought it was funny, but when my dad casually mentioned it to the waitress, she said it was a big deal and got the manager. He apologized profusely and comped the additional $60 bill we had from the taxes on our meal and the beverages. We really weren't that upset but it was a very nice gesture. The meal was timed perfectly and we had plenty of time to get to the theater and find our seats. So besides a little bird trouble, this place was great!
4	We went for the 3-course dinner and for $40 I was pleased with what we got. I chose the duck salad and while there was very little duck in it I was ok with the salad. The steak was very good, flavorful and the crab gratin on the top was a nice touch, the kale was perfectly cooked and seasoned and the mashed potatoes were a hit. The desert was ok, I opted for the chocolate cake, basically a chocolate layered mousse and the oranges with vanilla were odd. Complimentary amuse bouche and bread were great and the service was ok. Not worth it for the regular menu but the Prix Fixe was spot on.
2	Dined here with my husbdand while spending a few days in las vegas.  The meals were actually pretty good but not worth the insane prices at all.  If the prices were more reasonable I'd give a better rating but I've had much better for much less.  Overated!  Have dinner at zeffrinos in the venetian instead .. now thats a restauranyt where you'll get your moeny's worth!!
4	Possibly one of the best Blood Mary's I've had. They call it the Blood & Sand. So perfectly spicy, salty and tangy. You can see the herbs and spices in the drink.The bartender was fun, He showed us the spices he used in the drink and gave us some to taste.Kokomos has the decor of an oasis (or a mirage of one). But the drawback is that the sun coming in through the skylight gets so bright that it's difficult to watch the flat-screens or the play the games built into the bar.
4	Wow, The food here is amazing!!!! I had already heard great things about this place before we went. The Lobster Milanaise lived up to all the hype - HUGE portion and very delicious. I ordered the Maine Lobster and it was a total home run! Spectacular! They served the drawn butter cream sauce on the side instead of regular melted butter. Loved it. The only thing that wasn't spectacular was the oysters on the half shell we got for an appetizer. They did not taste that fresh. Of course, our waitress was a seasoned professional and totally on the ball. The rest of the wait staff was amazing as well - Jay made sure my glass was never even close to empty!The atmosphere was nice. It felt like you were in a jungle. Hard to believe we were in the middle of a casino!
1	I went here in June with my wife.  The lobster bisque was good, however, the steak I received was the worst cut of meat I've ever been served.  The wait staff system seems to be really off too; they don't assign any specific waiter, so no one really knows where you are in the meal.  You end up having to flag people down for just about everything.  It was also exceptionally overpriced (for what it was) and no sides were included.  Our bill was $200 and we didn't get dessert.
2	Let me just first say this place is pricey.  Honestly I could live with the price, if the food and service is outstanding.  The waiter was slow and really didn't give us much attention.  He acted like we didn't belong there or something.  The food coming out was incredibly slow and took forever.  I asked one of the waiters if it normally took so long and he explained to me that someone in our party ordered their steak medium well and that takes half an hour.  Since when does it take 30 minutes to cook an 8 ounce steak medium well?  I personally ordered the New York strip and it was tasty.  Unfortunately there was no pepper at our table and our waited never checked to see if we needed anything else.  I also had a baked potato with everything.  I guess everything meant make the inside of the baked potato like buttery soup because that is what I got.  I've had better baked potatoes everywhere.  I will not be returning.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the steak was good.  Btw make sure you ask what the market price is because someone ordered the surf and turf in our party and didn't ask how much it cost.  It was $125.  Not that it's too ridiculous for the size of the lobster but I recommend that you ask first.
5	This place is an all time favorite. The seafood platter is awesome. The steaks and seafood are delicious. The wine list is excellent. I love this place !!!
5	LOVED this place!!!You have to go and try it....the food was amazing I got the surf and turf which is the 8oz steak with Australian Lobster tail....MMMMM yum!! the lobster tail was soooo big and juicy I was very pleased with my dinner.We requested a table by the mini waterfall and we got it! it was so nice to sit by the water and feel the coolness coming from it..our waiter was on point and was very plesant...Overall I would go here again...Yes it is a nice restaurant so expect to pay $$$ for your meal:)
1	We had purchased tickets to two Mirage shows and on one of the ticket print-outs was a coupon for a pre show meal for $39. 99.  So last evening before we attended the Love Show we arrived for our meal.Once we were seated, we showed the tickets to the server and he said that it was an old coupon, we replied that the tickets were for that days show, so how could they be old.  He then doubted the validity of our tickets and told us to go to the Love Ticket Office.  So we walked through the casino to the ticket booth and was told that we needed to go and see the concierge to sort out the problem.  Well, another treck in another direction and another line got us to the concierge.  He walked us to the restaurant and tried to explain that the tickets were valid but the restaurant refused to accept the coupon.  By this time, we knew that we would not have enough time to enjoy the full price of the set meal which is now $49. 99. So we left and had to eat at one of the fast food establishments.  Not what we had expected when we were in Vegas celebrating my Birthday and anniversary.So I am unable to give any stars for the food and would not give one star for the service, but that is beyond my control.So if you have a coupon to eat at the restaurant, you had better make sure that they will accept it before you make plans to eat there.
3	Conveniently located at the entrance of the Mirage, its a great location for grabbing a quick beer.   My only issue is the two fat tire beers cost 15 bucks...yikes!
2	My hubby and I were going to see the Beatles Love show @ the Mirage and wanted a place to have dinner before hand.  The show was at 9:30, so we made a 7:30 appt.  Traffic was awful, and we arrive right around 7:40.  The place was busy, but not packed, so the hostess sat us no problem.  The ambiance of the restaurant is really cool-- I will give it that.  It is nestled inside of the "rainforest" at the Mirage, so you feel like you are dining in a garden of sorts.  Very pretty! The service on the other hand was NOT so much.  I'm not sure if this is how they normally do it, but the hostess did not give us menus.  We were seated and then sat there for several minutes before the server came over and brought us menus.  To me, it seemed very inefficient.  After that, we waited over 15 minutes JUST to order our drinks!  I asked to see the fixed prix menu (3 courses for $49.99, but you need to ask for it).  The server brought it over but then we waited forever for him to come back to actually order.  We finally ordered our meal.  My hubby ordered the lamb chops, and I ordered the roasted chicken.  We did start with the famous lobster bisque.  The lobster bisque came out quickly (ordered with our cocktails), before we even put in our food order.  It was delicious, flavorful and big chuncks of lobster.  We waited another 40 min before I food even arrived.  We realized at one point, that we had been sitting there for an hour and all we had was wine and bread.  When the food finally came out, I was so terribly disappointed in the chicken.  It was so dry--  like it had been sitting underneath a heat lamp forever.  I had to use the dipping sauce, not because I wanted too, but because I couldn't swallow the food otherwise.  I had to literally "saw" at this with a steak knife to cut the meat.  My husbands lambchops did come our wonderful.  Since at this point it was close to 9 pm, we decided to ask the server for the check right when the food came out.  When we asked for the check he had the audacity to say "What? no dessert?"  Check was brought over... but he never came back to run the card!  We ended up giving it to another server who was walking by.  We never did see our server again for the rest of the evening.  In most fine dining restaurants, if the kitchen is backed up, the manager will go around to "touch" the tables.  There was not a manager in sight.  If we weren't so crunched for time, I would have definitely asked to speak to one.  **on a side note, we overheard the table right next to us complaining as well ** All in all, we were so disappointed in the quality of service and food we received here. We will not be returning.  The only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is due to the ambiance.
5	I've been here a dozen times.  The lobster bisque keeps me coming back.  The rest of the good is good to great, but I have never had better bisque, and I've tried it at a lot of nice places.
5	I LOVE LOVE KOKOMOS!I had a filet mignon and it was paired with a delicious steak sauce! My chocolate cake dessert was amazing!!!I am a huge fan and if i had extra cash i would def. go back again, very soon!
4	Went here 09/18/11 with a reservation at 7:30pm for my fiance's birthday. It's like a restaurant out of a movie. Super classy. They did well, as I went to the washroom & told the hostess its my fiance's birthday & if they could bring out a slice of cake. They did, with a candle. No singing, nothing cheesy. Like I said, classy. He had the 18oz NY strip steak cooked to perfection for him. For those who aren't big meat eaters, (like myself), they have a large seafood selection. Our server (wish I remembered his name), was A+. Previous reviews were complaining about the price & quantity of food. First of all, this restaurant is INSIDE THE MIRAGE & it is a formal STEAKHOUSE. You want cheap priced steaks? Go to chili's or Outback steakhouse. This place is pure quality. People were complaining about the quantity of food? Did you expect to feed a party of six with one dish? My fiance's steak was anything but scant & his side, a loaded baked potato was as large as my head. One star deducted, because my salmon was ever so slightly over-cooked, but it was a fresh piece of swordfish, Ill tell you that much. There is a lady walking around asking if people wanted their pictures taken. Nice souvenir for a momentous occasion such as this :)
4	My bf and I went there for dinner after terry fator show. The service was excellent! 3 waiters were waiting on us. I ordered the sea bass, beet salad, chocolate cake, my Bf ordered the filet mignon, scallops, and ice cream dessert. All of them were delicious. The scallops were small and a bit over cooked.
5	For fine dinning this place was delicious and beautiful.  It's in the Mirage in the middle of a bunch of trees behind a bar by the front desk. Our dinner was a plated dinner, because we book the dinner package w/the Beatles show.  I highly recommend doing that.  I'm not a fan of fine dinning, because of the small choices you get to choose from and the food normally isn't good.  I got the asparagus flan, which was warm and if you like asparagus you'll like this.  The cheese cake was very yummy.  For dinner we got the steak option and it was cooked perfectly and the sides complemented it really well.  They also have a strawberry fields drink and I decided to get since we were seeing the Beatles Love show.  I'm not one for girly drinks, but it was very yummy and had nice fresh strawberries in it.
4	Order the Lobster Bisque soup for sure. Its amazing!I ordered the sea bass...which was recommended but was JUST OK. My husband ordered the porterhouse which looked and tasted very good!
4	This restaurant is located inside the Mirage near the check-in desk. We came here to celebrate my BF's mother's Birthday! Like most of these restaurants on the strip they can be pricey...We started off with the Washington Red Apple Martinis at the suggestion of our waiter. And I am not a martini fan since most of those kind of drinks taste like gasoline to me. This one was really good! I was surprised how tasty it was. The service was really good, the wait staff were on it and were always there if you needed anything! The food was delicious, we had the fillet Mignon, top sirloin, and salmon. All was cooked exactly how we ordered. My top sirloin was smothered in wild mushrooms with their homemade steak sauce. It was so big that I couldn't finish it. We also got a side of green beans, carrots and mac n cheese. All of the sides were great compliments to my steak.  To top it off we ordered the beignets with cinnamon ice cream and bananas! Yum-myyy! I love me some French dough nuts with coffee...It was a good experience with good food and almost a $400 tab to close.But you only celebrate your birthday once a year, enjoy..  go ahead and indulge!!!!
3	Asparagus flan--good. Sea bass--overcooked and more fishy tasting than I've had before. I felt as though the menu items were over priced for the quality, but the service was the best I've received in years. Though the apps and entrees left something to be desired, the dessert definitely did not. I had a cheesecake with balsamic strawberries--AMAZING! I don't even like cheesecake (I just wanted the berries) but I ate as much as I could possibly stuff down my face without getting ill. SO GOOD.  I might need to return just to get that dessert again.
3	This was hands down the most AMAZING lobster bisque I have ever had in my entire life.  Huge pieces of fresh lobster and a heaping puff pastry  spread like molten lava over the bowl.  Unfortunately I left before my meal came out because we were waiting for 2 HOURS!  That part was crazy.  They kept saying it would only be 5 more minutes...and eventually we just left.  So Not sure if I would go back, for that price-to be kept waiting so long is ridiculous...
3	I was excited to try this Rain Forrest decorated restaurant, located in Mirage Hotel and Casino.  I made a reservation ahead of time, since we would be dining with a total of 11 people.  We arrived a tad late, but had no trouble being seated right away.  Our waiter arrived within a few minutes to take our drink orders, but I asked him to come back to me, as I was still perusing the wine menu.  He took the other orders, but never came back for mine:-(  One of our friends went looking for him, but just ended up ordering my wine from a different employee after he was nowhere to be found.  Everyone ordered a starter and entree and the appetizers were brought in a decent amount of time.  I had the Lobster Bisque, which was topped with a crispy, pastry (much like pot pie) and was delicious.  The Carpaccio (ordered by a friend) also looked good. The entrees (and sides) took a LONG time to arrive, but we expected as much, since we had a large party.  I ordered Giant Prawns, which were tasty (and giant), but nothing to write home about....or a 5 star review, in this case.  Much of the rest of the table ordered some variation of steak or Prime Rib, all of which looked (and according to them) tasted good and arrived prepared as ordered.  The sides left a little to be desired. The Macaroni and Cheese with Porcini Mushrooms tasted like something I could easily whip up in my own kitchen, while the Brussel Sprouts were too buttery and mild. The mashed potatoes were fine, but again tasted like every other serving of mashed potatoes I've ever had at home.  After a 3 hour dinner, we were all full and opted out of dessert.This wasn't a bad restaurant, but another overpriced, under delivered one added to my list in Vegas.
4	Excellent service - a bit pricey but to be expected.  Side dishes were not very good, but the NY strip that I had, and the Delmonico steak that my friend had were both delicious.  my friend did have to send his back originally due to being undercooked, but when it came back it was perfect.
3	My husband and I recently dined at Kokomos prior to a show at the Mirage. We both opted for the three-course fixed price dinners, both of which were pretty good, but far from outstanding. My husband's filet was a tad overdone, but I enjoyed the chicken breast, although somewhat bland. In retrospect my husband said that he would have ordered the cheesecake for dessert as the caramel chocolate pudding was too large and gooey. Our meal was somewhat compromised by three "macho men" bores who were loudly flirting with their waitress (and she with them) and using foul language. Our server was very attentive, and the dinner went smoothly. I felt the food was overpriced based on the quality and quantity. The Mirage is the usual Vegas madhouse, but this restaurant was fairly quiet.
4	I hit this place right before the Beatles Show. This is a great place to eat for such an occasion.  I had Sea Bass and it was excellent. I loved the spices and flavor was about as good as it could be. Also had some of the sides including the wild mushrooms added on top of my Sea Bass.. excellent combination of flavors.. so I would really recommend it.Not sure about other dishes.. my date had a similar sea bass dish which was excellent as well. So we will have to get a steak next time.
5	Our recent visit, on Valentine's Day, was our second to this wonderful restaurant.  We ordered the Valentine's Day Menu for Two and the meal was delicious from start to finish.  Service was slightly flawed - Kokomo's uses a two server/one busser system which usually results in impeccable service.  Unfortunately I think our second server, an older gentleman whose name we didn't catch, was new.  He brought our first course, chilled crab claws, oysters and prawns, before the amuse and when we asked him about it he argued with us that the sorbet comes after the appetizer.  He then brought the sorbet, a micro scoop of lime floating in a cordial glass of ginger ale, which was in fact meant to come just prior to the main course, while we were still eating the first course.  Our busser saved the day by bringing the amuse after he cleared the appetizer dishes.  It was well worth the struggle as the truffled cauliflower cream topped with caviar was sublime.  Really, I'm not exaggerating.  Sublime.  Our primary server, Sam, then brought out our main course, a large, perfectly cooked New York Strip served with green peppercorn sauce, grilled asparagus and a potato waffle (think potato pancake cooked in a belgian waffle maker).  The older waiter presented my plate backwards and Sam swooped in behind him to correct the error.  They stepped away from the table and moments later the older gent came back to ask if everything was okay service-wise. I thought that was kind of sweet.  After I finished what I could of my perfect meal and donated the remainder to my willing husband the dessert was served.  I don't recall who brought it but it would have been nice to have someone explain what exactly was on the tasting plate.  Regardless, most of the 5 selections were delicious (the exception being the overly sweet red velvet cake pops - yuck).  The layered strawberry thingy (we don't know what it was??!!!) was the shining star, though.  This place has delivered a wonderful, five star experience for us both times we've been there.  The price matches the quality of the food, service and atmosphere and we can't wait to go back!!!
4	Had tickets to "Cirque du Soleil Love" in the hotel so decided to have dinner in the hotel (Mirage). The clincher for me when choosing a restaurant was the description of "tropical, lagoon like setting"!! It lived up to the description! Very beautiful, romantic atmosphere. Waiter was very attentive. Started with a delicious bread selection! A basket of a variety of interesting breads. I ordered the arugula salad which came with a yummy corn cake and a warm goat cheese dressing!! Also the Mac & cheese with white sauce and porcini mushrooms. My BFF had the seafood salad which she said was delicious! A little pricey, but worth every penny!
4	My husband and I ate here on our first night in Vegas and it was really good. We did a special and we had a 3 course meal for like $40 a person. If you've ever been to Las Vegas you know this is a very reasonable price. Our food was really good and the waiter was super friendly and nice. He noticed we spoke Spanish and he was very comfortable taking care of us as were we. The restaurant is right in the middle of the The Mirage but it was a good time.
4	This review is for the lounge area outside the restaurant as I have not yet entered the actual restaurant proper. This is mainly because I often travel alone and prefer to dine in the bar or lounge area of the restaurant so I don't take up a whole table by myself. I've done that and it's awkward. It also nice to chat with the bartenders, especially when they have real personalities as they do at the Mirage. On this trip I just wanted a water and something simple, so I ordered the Prime Rib Nachos. They came out quickly and were excellent. I wouldn't say there were overwhelming portions of meat on them, but it was certainly adequate. The overall size of the nacho plate was so large I think I only got through about half of it. This is a nice lounge to people watch. It's right by the front entrance, main desk, and in the middle of the indoor tropical forest area complete with waterfalls. I could sit here for hours and in fact, I have in the past when I had a lot of time to kill. The staff are pretty consistent and by now remember me. Like a lot of places in Vegas, their nametags also show where they're from. So that's often a great conversation starter. There are two TVs here which usually show sports. There are also several video poker games right on the bar. If you look straight up, you'll see the sky because a huge glass dome is directly above you. It's very scenic but can also be quite bright. I've seen people sitting at the bar wearing sunglasses certain times of the day, not to look cool mind you but to keep from going blind. Great food, games, nice staff, a view of tons of people, a waterfall, a tropical forest, and the sky. Hard to find all that anywhere but here, it's all in one place.
2	Full disclosure:  thanks to my adoration of the Cirque BEATLES LOVE show, I have an absolute AFFECTION for the Mirage Hotel.  I've stayed there maybe 8 times now and it's love at every sight.  This means I really wanted to LOVE Kokomos, okay?Bias disclosed, I must admit I've only eaten at less than half of the restaurants in the Mirage.  I like BLT and the JAPONAIS, but I've always been intimidated by Kokomo's as being too too ritzy.  It also doesn't help that all over the internet (as here at Yelp) it's love it review, hate it review, love it review, hate it review.Well my parents came to Vegas and were weary from flying -- and since they and my partner in crime love Steak and Fish houses like HOUSTONS (or any restaurant from the Hillstone Group), we figured Kokomos was just downstairs and wouldn't be awful.It wasn't.  It was nice, but as the two stars indicate, I've experienced better.Kokomos is the last restaurant from the original Mirage and feels as much somehow.  It's not vibrant, but a TIRED restaurant.  Not the furnishings or decor, mind you.  I actually really like the idea of this place, a little 'cove' by fauna and water, hidden right in the middle of everything.  It is chill city if you're in the mood and the ambient casino people noise is really very pleasant.By tired I don't mean the service was weak.  Everyone and their brother complains about the service here.   They're all nuts.  The only people who should complain are people in a hurry, and -- HELLO -- hit BLT if you want fast food.  The service was extremely friendly, attentive -- it was the best part of the meal.So what was tired?  You guessed it:  the food.  Now by tired I don't mean lame.  It's just old school food with old school enthusiasm.  There was no mis-step on the table, but none of it was OMG we've got to come back.  The entire meal was 'nice'.... and 'nice' can be a bad thing in situations like this.  Why?  The menu prices were top dollar, the food wasn't.  And it's as simple as that.The fix is stupid easy:  have the Hillstone Restaurant group absorb Kokomos and take over.  The menu would change a little, the quality would shoot through the roof.  The service would be fantastic, and in time you'd need to add an additional dining room.  Anyone who knows a good HOUSTONS knows exactly what I mean.I love this type of old school menu and service.  Kokomos isn't a disaster, but doesn't deliver.To end on a positive note, they recently added a vegetarian plate.  Not some lame pile of sides, but a collection of dishes prepared for the vegetarian.  The idea behind it was kind and my veggie partner appreciated it and enjoyed it, but she wasn't eager to have it ever again.  This consistent MEH response will kill any restaurant.And, yes, Houston's has a veggie plate to die for.  Not to mention a homemade veggie burger which kills.
2	This place sucks.  If it wasn't for a properly cooked protein (with horrible garnish), I would have given it one star.  The price point is ridiculous for the under quality of the food.  Given the amazing dining choices in Vegas, you are better off passing on this overpriced restaurant.
5	This restaurant, and it's food, are NOT tired. They're AMAZING!!!!We came here after our wedding and  before the Love show on the recommendation of my sister who had a wonderful meal here last year.We made reservations for 7:30 and were sat pretty much immediately. The ambiance was lovely - low lighting and we could hear the waterfall, lots of plants. Our waiter came over and gave us the menus and then disappeared for a little longer than he should have. When he came back, we ordered a magnum of the Moet & Chandon champagne ($145). They didn't have it in stock, but were able to get it from another restaurant in the hotel, which I thought was great of them to do that.The bread came and was SO good. There were these little rolls with this sweet salt on top that were just delicious. They also had these pretzel rolls that were so good.I started with the lobster bisque, which was AMAZING. The puff pastry top was thick and tender. The soup was light, yet super flavorful and the lobster was tender and delicious. I was REALLY happy with this bisque.For entrees, I ordered the scottish salmon ($34) with bernaise sauce and my husband ordered the chilean sea bass ($41) (with the pineapple/red pepper salsa at the waiter's suggestion).  Our sides were the broccoli & cauliflower gratin with brie cheese and the lobster mashed potatoes.  Our food came and I poured the bernaise over my salmon, took a bite and realized the sauce was barely room temp. Not thrilled. I asked them to warm it up, but it came back exactly the same temp, so I just wrote it off. My salmon was very typical, nothing special at all. BUT...my husband's sea bass was SOOOOOOOOOO AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! It was the most delicious food I've had in my entire life. The pineapple and red pepper salsa was so perfect with the fish, I couldn't believe it. I wish I'd ordered that myself. The broccoli & cauliflower gratin was just okay. It came with a big piece of cold brie on top, which I thought was a little weird. However, the lobster mashed potatoes ($20) were the 2nd most delicious bite I've had in my life. They came with bacon lardons, scallions and creme fraiche. AMAZING. So delicious. We couldn't get enough.They brought us out this vanilla bean cheesecake thing for dessert to celebrate our wedding, which was nice. It was very good and I loved the crust. Overall, I think the best food I've had to date. Bravo Kokomo's!
3	My husband chose this restaurant for my birthday, as we were also going to attend Terry Fator.  The restaurant is not exactly with the other restaurants, but off to the right of the entrance to the Mirage - maybe there is more in that direction but we did not venture that direction.   There was not many people there at our 6pm reservation and right after our server introduced herself, she was replaced by 2 others who told us she was sent home because it was slow...you order everything separate and the servers were nice to say they were big enough for two - the price sure was!!  I ordered a wedge starter and it came out split into two plates - awesome!  My husband ordered some sort of steak and they butterflied it - he likes it well and well, it looked it to me!  He said it was good, but not all that.  I got the Maine Lobster, which they did take off the shell and it was good.  We also had a side of roasted carrots that were good, too.  At the end, they brought out a birthday dessert and it looked like ice cream, but was cheesecake - it was really good.  Overall, the service was really good, but I felt like the prices were too high.  This is by far not the most expensive place we have eaten, which is why I think the food/experience fell short for the price.  I might consider coming back to order drinks and starters, as they sounded good, but not dinner.
4	Friend was visitng town so she decided to take me out for an earlier Bday dinner.  I choose this place because we both LOVE lobster bisque and after reading the reviews decided to try Kokomo. Lobtser bisque ($18) was AMAZING!  It was so creamy and fulfiling that we could have just stopped there.  Other yelpers have commented that the portions were not big enough for the cost and suprised that you had to pay extra for your sides..... Im wondering if they have really every been to a fine dinning resturant before.  ONLY cuz if you have ever been to fine dinning here or anywhere else (my personal experience being LV, DC and NY) sides are extra.  Anyway I thought the postions were about what one would pay.  I ordered the Colorado Lamb Chops ($36).  THREE huge lamb chops cooked perfectly to the med rare that I requested. (I didn't even finish the first one)  My friend ordered the  Washuguyu Tenderloin Carpaccio ($26). She was still full from the lobter bisque but was determined to finish it cuz it was soo good. We split two sides but would have been fine spliting just one cuz the portion are for at least two people.  We got a side of the mac and cheese ( Friend LOVES mac and cheese)  and it was just ok.  I felt I could have done just as good if I would have made it at home myself.  The 2nd side was the Loaded sea salt baked potato.  Yes it was just a baked potatoes but neither one of us could stop eatting it.  Much better than the mac and cheese.  Overall I would return, especially for the lobster bisque!
4	Lobster bisque and snow crab legs were amazing.  Streak was great too!
4	Ahhhhmazing! Im a huge fan.I'm not much of a steak fan but one bite of their new york, medium rare of course, was mind blowing! Totally worth the $65, and no that doesnt come with any sides, those are extra. Tried someones sea bass, hesitant at first since Im not much of a seafood lover, but even that I would have ordered. French onion soup was probably the best I have ever had ($15). Comes with free bread basket and butter with assorted rolls.Service was fantastic. Always checking up on you, filling up drinks and taking away plates as soon as you finish them. Friendly staff and they even take your picture that you can buy at the end of your meal ($22). Would for sure recommend to anyone visiting the Mirage Hotel. I would even say make a special trip there just for this place.
5	Great food comes with a great price. Well worth the price. The service and atmosphere are top notch. Nice place to take the wife or girlfriend.
2	We were going to see Love in the casino and were looking for a great place for dinner because one person in our party had never been to Vegas. We wanted something really special. After looking at the menu and reviews, we chose Kokomo's.  What a sad disappointment.The restaurant is very near to to the check-in desk. It was loud. It had a dated look - as if it's better days were in the 80's. Service was laughable - the server shook her head, "no," at -every- item one person in our party ordered, prompting our friend to choose another (and another) item. At first, it seemed helpful, but it really was laughable. And the server tried hard to upsell us to a $165 "special," even suggesting that the table could share it.Food was ok. Mac & Cheese was nothing special - most of the sides were underseasoned. Proteins were fine for the most part.Total bill was $350 for four people. Crazy expensive for ok food, bad location, and horrid service. If you are accustomed to fine dining, this will be a disappointment.
5	Pricey but worth it!I have yet to find something as good as the Lobster Bisque served here, simply delicious.  I ordered the 24 oz steak to split with my friend, a side of lobster mashed potatoes and a watermelon margarita, all of which were delicious. The meal exceeded $100.00 but well worth it as everything was prepared perfectly and served in a timely manner.
4	If you in Vegas and looking for a nice steak or piece of fish, this is a great place.  I love the lush, tropical decor and dim lighting.  The atmosphere was romantic, a great place to take a date. We made reservations for a Saturday night and were seated promptly at a large booth with plenty of room for our party of 6. We had not 1, but 3 servers who took care of us throughout the meal. I know 3 waiters sounds kind of weird, but we had one main one and then two that helped out. Needless to say, our every need was met promptly. All 3 servers were super nice.As for the food, my salmon was amazing. A generous portion and cooked perfectly. I was lucky enough to sample the Filet Mignon and the Chilean Sea Bass, both were amazing. The only thing I didn't care for was my Cesar salad (the cheese was too pungent for my taste). We also ordered the creamy spinach, macaroni, and mashed potatoes for our sides. All were delicious, although I felt the macaroni left a little to be desired. However, I am from the south so I like my macaroni nice and cheesy! The spinach and potatoes were right on though! Overall, I'd go back in a heartbeat!
1	Would be a zero if possible. Fortunate to be seated in the private dining area. Unfortunately, we got the rudest waitress that has ever walked the planet. She was pissed off when we didn't order a $500 bottle of wine. She proceeded to get more agitated when one of my companions didn't order a drink. When I ordered the soup($15) and duck entree($34), she states quite loudly, "It's only duck on a plate" .Check your bill, they added $3.00 to the price of each entree and $1.00 to all the drinks, and we called them on it. She blabbered that it was BECUASE they hadn't updated the menu, BS!My advice, go eat anywhere else.
4	Located in The Mirage Hotel Casino this upscale steak/seafood restaurant was a bit steep for what it was but still very good. The portions are not huge so you will not have that look of nausea when the waiter brings the dessert menu, (that's a good thing). The dining room  is located right across from the front desk, and under the atrium so you can look up at the sky as you eat, always a great view! Worth a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I ordered the lobster bisque and sea bass based on the reviews.  My husband ordered the filet and lobster.  The lobster bisque is simply unbelievable.  It is so delicious and the puff pastry on top is light and flakey.  The sea bass was cooked well, but it was bland.  My husband's filet was very good, but the lobster was a disappointment.  The claws were included with the lobster tail which was odd.  I rated this meal five stars because of the lobster bisque.
1	My family (me, my wife and my 12 year old son) have a dinner reservation and tickets to the Beatles Love show at the Mirage. My wife is a running a bit late.  Because I am with a minor they won't let me wait in the lounge. Because my whole party is not here they won't show us to our table. Because it is Vegas there is virtually nowhere to sit where you are not drinking or gambling. We end up sitting outside (well out of the way of anyone) against the wall of the hotel lobby, only to be told by a hotel security person that my son and I cannot loiter in the lobby outside the restaurant because "I might trip someone"! Here we are in Vegas, well dressed, expensive tickets in hand, a dinner reservation, pocket full of cash ... and yet we are treated like vagrants.  Nice touch!
5	One of the best dinner experiences I've ever had. Seriously.Took up the 'Dinner & Show' package the Mirage offers on their website. The sis was turning 21 so we decided to splurge.The set menu had multiple choices for each course. My choices (for those interested) are listed below.1. Vodka soda with orange slices and a heaping basket of fresh breads and muffins. STOKED ALREADY.2. French onion soup gratin with gruyere cheese. Dude, so good. My mom is a connoisseur on f.o.s. and she agreed. Flavor combinations were perfect. I want some right now.3. Vodka soda with orange slices part two and the most heavenly piece of meat atop red skin mashed potatoes. Properly cooked (medium rare, duh) petit filet mignon glazed with mushroom jus. So juicy, so buttery, so freakin delicious. 4. French roast coffee and vanilla bean cheesecake with homemade graham crackers, peppered blackberries and whipped cream. Gah. Sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. A perfect end to a perfect meal.Decor was beautiful and sensually stimulating. Sounds of waterfalls and modern art installations of fish swimming above the tables only added to this top notch evening.Service was outstanding as well. Each table is assigned two servers and a host of help. Several of the servers even came by to wish my sister a happy birthday.High five Kokomo's. I will be back.
5	We did a dinner and a show combo for Kokomos and so had a limited choice for entrees. Initially, without even seeing the place first, just from the name, I thought it was going to be an obnoxious Jimmy Buffet-type high end burger place. I was intensely mistaken.Great ambiance, melding into the "secret garden" entrance of The Mirage casino. We chose the lobster bisque appetizer, petite filet mignon main course and vanilla bean cheesecake dessert. The five stars you see here is from the lobster bisque alone. It came with a fresh croissant puff thing on top of the bowl that was the best compliment to the bisque. I'd like to eat this as part of my final meal on this earth.The filet was good, but it was hard to top that bisque. I was still riding that flavor roller coaster when this dish came in. I would say the meat was a smidge too charred for my personal taste, but it's ok that other people dig that.The cheesecake was small, but I imagine that's the serving size for the show combo. Nonetheless, it was creamy and pleasant. EAT THE LOBSTER BISQUE.
5	Great food and wonderful service. Lobster Bisque remains the best item on the menu. When in Vegas this is a must.
5	Two words - Lobster Bisque. The most amazing thing I've had at any restaurant in Vegas.
3	The six course dinner we had, paired with beer was so tasty. The beer and each course completed each other wonderfully. Manny, our waiter was so attentive. We had to stop in the middle of dinner to see Love. Which I may add, Was Awesome!!!. Since we had to leave in the middle of dinner. Manny allowed us to come back after the show to finish. That was thoughtful. I would have given them five stars. But the fact that they charged us five times that evening. Charges are not even ours. I gave them three stars.
5	Food was awesome great place to eat and relax
4	My juvenile friends and I have had a running joke for a couple years regarding famed baseball player George Brett's "incident" when leaving Kokomo's after gobbling down a bunch of crab legs.  You can see him tell the story on Youtube.  It might be gross to many but I think it's one of the most hilarious stories ever.  "A great fucking place" he says! So it was an absolute MUST go when the buddy I joke around the most regarding this story was in Vegas for a weekend.  We didn't plan on having the crab legs for a market price of $75 but we did plan on yucking it up as much as we could.This might possibly be the best "fancy" restaurant at Mirage.  "Stack" doesn't measure up to its sister restaurant, "Fix", at Bellagio.  Who wants to pay for $15 fried rice at "Fin"?  Samba Steakhouse is like comparing Rocky 5 to Texas de Brazil/Fogo de Chao's Rocky 4.        Seeing as we could've blown the same amount of money going a la carte as Gordon Ramsay Steak, we all opted for the prix fix menu which was reasonable and a good amount of food for $49.99.  I got the lobster bisque after all the raves from other Yelpers and that was flippin fantastic and definitely worth the additional $5.  Since I was in an upgrade kind of mood, I went with the 14 oz grass fed sirloin for an additional $12.  It was grilled perfectly and went well with multiple martinis.  I got the creme brulee for dessert which I couldn't even finish after stuffing myself silly with the terrific bread baskets (bacon bread mmmmmm) between courses.       Service was excellent and it's the best spot for dining at the Mirage with the whole dome thing up top and plants everywhere.  Can someone let me know if there's a George Brett sighting there please?How is it with so many reviews has there not been a Beach Boys reference?
4	Flat our delicious fancy-face food.Located in the main lobby of the Mirage across from the check-in/out desk lies Kokomo's -- a mainstay of Las Vegas and this hotel for many, many years.  It's been there since I can remember from when I was a wee little lad partying in Vegas and always dining at a steak and seafood spot under the once-beautiful Mirage atrium.  The food is just absolutely incredible here.  Surf and tuf is definitely a good combination to have for your restaurant.  I always get the same thing here: The New York Strip and the Sea Bass.New York Strip:A massive, tender cut of Ny strip served with an A-1 type sauce, but it tastes a little sweeter.  I'm not sure what it is, but it's the sauce they give me every time and it's amazing.  Pair it with the lobster mashed potatoes (a little pricey at $21, but worth it, sort of).Sea Bass:This is basically a huge chunk of amazingly prepared fish drenched in butter.  You can't tell from looking at it, but it sure tastes that way.  The fish just crumbles onto your fork beautifully and the first bite is just as good as the last.  Highly recommended.The oysters are excellent as well.If you're at the Mirage and looking for awesome steak or fish, look no further.
2	Ate dinner there last week. While the food was OK, it is pretty expensive. Side dishes are an extra $11.00+. Service, however, is another story. Our original servers numbered 3. The primary server was rude and arrogant, and smiling seemed beyond her capabilities. We could have tolerated this but when the busboy reached across my wife to take my plate, I was flabbergasted. I called him on it, telling him he should know better. Then the manager came by and we addressed the service issues with him. He was apologetic and changed our waitstaff so that our service was much better.My issue... at a restaurant of this quality and price you should never have to complain to get good service. There are so many high quality restaurants available on the Las Vegas strip, why would you waste your time and money on a place that can't maintain high quality service throughout? My suggestion: find another place for dinner!!
3	I did not eat at here, but just had a few drinks at the bar.  They were incredible!  Sugary, but so good!  I had a couple of specialty drinks, one included cotton candy in it.....no wonder I stayed up all night!  Bartenders are very aware of when your drink is getting low, they fill you up right away.  Love that!  I never had to ask for more service. The food looked amazing, I will be going back to try to the food.
1	My boyfriend and I love to go out to nice restaurants, and spend a little money on a tasty meal and drinks. We were looking for a restaurant to eat at before the Beatles Love Cirque performance. We saw that Kokomo's had great reviews so we made a reservation. We had a horrible experience. The lobster bisque was nothing but cream, no lobster for $18! We had the broccoli and cauliflower au gratin as a side, disgusting. 4 big broccoli and cauliflower florets with cheese sauce melted on top with a chunk of brie cheese smushed on top as well. My boyfriend's steak was supposed to be medium rare, it came out well done! After all of that we complained and they took off the steak and side, and the bill was still $100! Completely over priced and the food was bad. Our server was nice but didn't know what she was doing! Will never go there again! Yuck.
4	This place isn't for the poor...as in people with poor taste buds because this place is delicious! Seated within The Mirage on the Strip, Kokomo's is definitely an impressive, fine-dining experience. Here's a link to the menu: http://www.mirage.com/restaurants/kokomos.aspx The ambiance was very dark and quiet with music playing gently in the background. The waiter was extremely attentive without being annoying. The cranberry and bacon bread was amazing! I don't even like bread but this was something exquisite. My date ordered the Lobster Bisque Soup with a Puff Pastry Dome. It was definitely a larger portion than she anticipated but it certainly was amazing. I had a caesar salad with an egg-less dressing and crisp parmesan cheese ( I held the anchovies). We both ordered the 8 oz fillet, oscar topped. Definitely the best steak I've had in long time. Not the best I've had but what's wrong with a close second. We also had Washington apple martinis as that was the drink on special. I can't remember how it's made but it certainly was unique and tasty. This place is a little pricey. Just two of us came to a little over $200 for what I described above but you're in Vegas, everything is a little pricey. I wouldn't pay that much for USDA prime anywhere else. For that price you can get certified Angus beef or even Kobe. Overall, this is a great dining experience if you're looking for something more classy and quiet to take your date too while your in Vegas. I'm sad to say that I just heard that Kokomo's will be closing effective January 13th, 2013. I guess I'll have to find a new fine dining experience when I go back.
1	One of the worst dining experiences my family and I have ever had. The lead server was rude and in attentive.  The food was WAY over priced and poor quality.  We ordered the foie gras for an appetizer.  The tiny portion (barely two bites each for two people) that was served would have been tasteless except for the burned flavor.  Ordered a dozen oysters, poorly cleaned, and seemed as though they were re-hydrated instead of fresh.  Prime rib - flavorless.  French onion soup - flavorless. It was so bad we wanted to leave but couldn't get a seat in any of the other "fine dining" restaurants in the Mirage.Save your money, go to Stack, or the buffet at Cravings.
5	We checked this place out before going to a Cirque du Soleil show, and it was awesome, real classy too.   I ordered a french onion soup, filet mignon, and creme brule - delicious!
1	My girlfriend and I had tickets to the Beatles show, so we thought we would try this place because it was close, and the description sounded nice. Well, to start. The bread they brought out was cold, and not fresh. I ordered a glass of wine and my waitress assured me they didn't have that available by the glass, although I was looking right at it on the menu. Then came back to tell me, they were out of that anyways. My girlfriend started with the lobster bisque and I started with crab cakes. The lobster bisque portion and crab cake portions were very small.  The crab cakes were ok. The lobster bisque was supposed to be a big deal, but was overly salty to me. I had a New York steak which came out well done, I asked for it medium.I sent the steak back, the manager came over and apologized. Offered to make it right. But we were in a hurry because of the show. I ordered a vegetable au gratin dish on the side. It was a hilarious presentation of food. It looked like broccolini and cauliflower with milk poured over it. And a hunk of Brie cheese laid over the top. Was I supposed to bake this at home later?  I was embarrassed for them. Left hungry. And felt like I overpaid for everything. Save your money!!!  Dine elsewhere
4	Wow. I was expecting not to find any veggie food. But as soon as I saw kodomo vegetarian platter I ordered it right away! It is soo tasty! My family really liked their own plates and the dessert was to kill for. I had cheesecake, which was small but tasty and my parents had creeme brule and they really liked it. I can't talk very much about their bar because I only had the chance to try their cosmo, maybe for the next time
4	I've eaten at Kokomo several times and it has always been fantastic. Since the restaurant are in a rainforest can be a little cold, so remember to bring a sweater or jacket.The food is very well prepared and the service is prompt and professional.
4	Was located at the Mirage.Beautiful location, decor, and wonderful, friendly staff.We came for the lobster bisque and lobster bisque only. It was two thumbs up.Too bad the Mirage is removing and renovating to an entirelt different restaurant in six months.
3	Good steak and tremendous service.  Located in the front of the Mirage, it's a prime location.  They are going to close it down and reopen another restaurant there.  For the $600 4 person dinner, I'd rather spend it someplace else.
5	The following exchange took place at Kokomo's in December, the weekend right before Christmas. Me and fellow Yelper Ingrid R wanted cocktails while waiting for our boyfriends to finish up at the Sportsbook. We came upon Kokomo's which had a lovely bar area smack dab in the middle of the lobby and front entrance = a prime spot for people watching. We grabbed a table in the bar area and perused the drink menu.  Since I already knew which specialty cocktail I wanted, I went and ordered at the bar:Me: "Hi, I'd like a French Kiss."Bartender: "The real thing or the drink?" (as he flashed me a pearly white smile)Me: (right then and there I busted up laughing) "The drink, just the drink!"Bartender: "Just making sure." (as he flashed me a pearly white smile)Sadly Kokomo's at the Mirage has closed to make way for a new Tom Colicchio restaurant.  However, my first (and last) memory at Kokomo's will always make me giggle.
2	Our salad had yellow/brown lettuce. Wasn't impressed with the service.
2	Cesear salad was very plain and not very interesting.  Pretzel portion of bread basket was quite good. Service was very good.  Brought us out lobster bisque after we had had our appetizer because we saw such high reviews of it.   I don't care for lobster but the rest of table enjoyed it.  I ordered my steak medium rare and it came out medium well to well done.  It was also not prepared how it was described.  The second steak arrived and was cooked better but the only flavor I got was the char from the outside.   After adding some salt it was better but not a great preparation.  Overall the service was quite good but the food was way below average for the price.  I will not come back.
5	George Brett recommends the crabs! True story..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PseNrUeSmXk
2	Appetizers are great, amazing caesar salad & shrimp cocktail, drinks are great, but we had a 20 person dinner with a variety of main dishes orders and it was all mediocre at best
