4	I have the honor of writing the first review for this new restaurant !It has been open for just over a week now, the decor is your typical "new" Indian restaurant strip mall style, dark woods and a nice clean appearance. The table set up is certainly set up with the lunch buffet crowd in mind, not a bad thing as there is plenty of space around each table.Service was fast and friendly with even the chef stopping by our table to check on us.As of now, they do not have a liquor license, but they did say they expect to get it in the next couple of weeks.The important stuff, the food.If you have read any of my Indian restaurant reviews, we tend to stick with what we know and like, though today we did go with a Chicken Korma and Butter Chicken rather than Chicken Tikka Masala and just for a change, an order of the Aloo Palak.Well, honestly, it was good, very good in fact, the sauces were some of the best I have had, certainly better than Origin and slightly better than Mt Everest. The only negative would be the amount of chicken used, let's say it was light in this area, add some more meat to the dish and it would have been a home run. The Aloo Palak was good, I am not a big fan of this dish, but the wife loves it and she raved about this version.The naan (plain and garlic) were superb, a little thinner than I normally like, but boy a simple dish done perfectly.So all in all, a good place to eat, certainly the best Indian on this side of town.
5	I looooved this place. Beautiful restaurant! Food was delish, and the staff was so sincere in their friendliness :) I have already told others about it. I will be going back shortly. Ps the guy in the very front was very handsome ^_~
5	I went to this place at the last minute w/ my gf who was craving Indian food.  both of us LOVE Indian food VERY much and have been to MANY of them.  This was among the best we've been to.  First the food, which is probably THE most important aspect of any dining experience for me.  You can have bad service and great food and reluctantly find yourself going back from time to time; but a place with bad food and great service is less likely to be revisited.  The food was absolutely delicious!  You have to try the chicken 64 (or something like that - it has a number in the name).  It's an appetizer dish with chicken that appears to have been marinated and then cooked in a batter or something.  IDK - I'm not a foodie and I don't know all the intricacies of HOW a dish is prepared.. all I know is that it was DAMN good!  I had meant to get a dish to go on my way back home the next day but forgot.  The other dishes were almost as good - WAY better than standard, but not quite as exceptional as the appetizer.  For spiciness, we got 8 which was just PERFECT for us.  We like it pretty spicy though, so for people less tolerant, you might want to dial it down a bit.Service - which I think is the second most important in any dining experience, was PHENOMENAL - I would say it was pretty close to an all-time best for me.  We had sat down and since my gf is the foodie I let her pick the dish while I proceeded to check something on my phone.  As soon as I whip out my phone, the manager comes and asks if I need access to the wifi, which I gratefully accept.  The rest of the evening is just as attentive, friendly, and considerate.  I don't have time to go into all the details, but ALL of the staff were extremely pleasant, and attentive.  They are also very international which I really liked a lot.  There were Indian staff of course, but also Caucasian, Eastern Asian, and other ethnicity as well.  India, which has historically been a major fulcrum of the Silk Road is well represented by the people working here.  It was an absolutely delightful dining experience, adding another dimension to the tasteful decor and immaculate ambiance.  It almost makes me not want to leave a good review in fear that it will be over-crowded the next time we visit.  ;)  but the people working there REALLY deserve every bit of the praise.  I wish I had more time and the descriptive capacity to do them justice, but you'll simply have to experience it for yourself.  :)PS:  I rarely ever do yelp reviews btw, but this one I really WANTED to do.
5	This is hands down the best Indian Restaurant in town. Went here for both lunch and dinner and was overwhelmingly satisfied each time.Lunch: They're lunch buffet is HUGE! With $11, I was given a selection of 45 items. 45 dishes (15 is usually standard in any indian buffet)  in an Indian Buffet is unheard of. And it gets better. What makes India Masala stand out from its competitors  is that besides having nearly triple the quantity of dishes to choose from for less than $11, you're always in for a surprise. Unlike other traditional indian buffets, the items on the buffet at India Masala change everyday. Some traditional items such as Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Dal Makkhani etc. remain, but for the most part, dishes change each day. Also, it features both North & South Indian dishes in their buffet. In the end, best Indian buffet in Vegas. Dinner: When i step into any restaurant, there are 3 things I stick my neck out for: Food, Ambience, & Service. The food is phenomenal. My friends and I ordered a Family Dosa. Its a BIG BIG CREPE about 4 feet long! Also, I had the Chicken 65 as an appetizer, Lamb Madras Curry, and Garlic Nan. Chicken 65 was highly recommend by our server. It didn't disappoint. It was a dry red chicken. The flavor was quite different and thus hard to explain. All I remember is that each bite felt electric, literally. Lamb Madras Curry was also great. I ordered a spice level 7 and it was PERFECT. The curry had a great depth of flavor. Ambience is very beautiful. As for the service, this restaurant knows what it is doing. They're service is outstanding!
5	I'm going to start off letting everyone know how I found out about this place, these people are the same people as the India masala in the Riviera Hotel. I have been going to that one since I found out about it and they told me about it this new one and I thought why not lets give it a try. My friend and I decided to check out there buffet which is $10.99, a fairly decent price for having choices ranging from north Indian curries to south Indian curries and even indo-Chinese thrown in there as well. Also, for a dosa lover like me, they offer it in their buffet!!! I had tandoori chicken, pakora, chicken tikka masala (of course), goat curry, fish curry, curd rice, Avial (a south Indian dish...which was pretty good), tamarind rice, rasam (a south indian spicy tamarind soup), raita, and obviously naan/dosa (okay so all of it didn't fit in a plate, I had to make a couple rounds, and even though my friend kept making fun of me, I felt satisfied for the $11 I had spent)!Overall, for an Indian lunch buffet this place surpassed my expectations. I'm usually very hesitant when it comes to going to Indian lunch buffets because I've had a few bad experiences here in Vegas but this, my friends is a safe and sumptuous choice. My friend and I have decided because we enjoyed this so much and because of its proximity to campus (UNLV) we are going to come at least 2-3 times a week because we were assured that they will have varying items every day.The staff is very nice and helpful as well but like I said earlier we went to a buffet so we didn't have as much interaction as you would during dinner. We are planning to have dinner there sometime soon because they have such a huge menu, so I'll keep you all  posted.
5	Beautiful & Delicious!!
5	I always crave indo chinese food but had not come across a place that serves these options in Vegas.For this reason, I was really excited when I learnt that this new place had opened and had a groupon out as well.Indo chinese is basically the indianized version of chinese food, as in India we like to spice everything up!! The place was busy with people at the restaurant as well as several take out orders being fulfilled. We were seated without delay and got water. They soon brought out a complimentary papad with 2 types of chutnety-sweet tamarind and coriander and both were yummy.The server informed us that they were backed up in the kitchen and it would take 20 minutes to get our food, so we decided to order a veg samosa to share. The samosa was pretty nice.She soon brought out the veg manchurian I had ordered and this was really good.D ordered the veg thali which was huge and came with 2 veggies-bhindi (okra) masala, alu matar(potato and peas curry), black dal, raita yogurt, papad, lots of rice and fresh baked naan bread. It also included a mango achar relish and a desert-seviyan(which is a milk based desert like kheer but with vermicelli instead of rice.I tasted the desert and it was super yummy. The good thing about the thali was that everything looked home made and was not dripping in oil. The desert reminded me of desert I ate at home in India.The service was great. Our glasses were never empty and our server checked in with us each time she crossed our table. All the other helpers and servers were also very customer oriented and everyone at the restaurant looked happy to be there.I am excited to try their south indian dishes and will definitely go again!
2	I was suspicious about the great reviews, but being a lover of Indian food, had to find out for myself. Don't believe the hype and fake reviews. While the interior is nicely decorated, the food quality and selection is mediocre at best. They have about 15-20 selections and NOT the 45 items that another review claims. Surprisingly, they lacked the standard staples of lunch buffets like pakora, samosas, saag, and even kheer. While the naan and chutneys were ok, the currys and dahl were subpar. They tasted watered down and lacked the spice and complexity that they ought to have. According to their website, they were supposed to have some Indo-Chinese type dishes in their buffet but those items were completely absent. For dessert, they had some weird vermicelli served in a warm and sweet milk, reminiscent of kheer, but not tasting very good. Regardless, now that I know better, I'll be sticking with my tried and true favorites, i.e. Mt. Everest.
2	I have no idea who writes these reviews, but this place has been waaaay overrated. Friends, maybe?   I am Indian and have been on a endless search for the best Indian food (still searching).   I figure if a place can do a decent Indian lunch buffet then they atleast serious about cooking authentic Indian food during non-buffet times. I went for the lunch buffet, which I admit must be mildly seasoned to broaden customer appeal yet can't be too costly for the restaurant to make a profit, but I expect flavorful seasoning and variety. Everything was underseasoned, not enough salt or hot spice...there really was none. The buffet had the appearance of being bountiful because of the meat and vegetables were in the front buffet. It definitely captivate the eyes and stomach of customer.  However once at the buffet I found it not logically flowing once at the buffet.  It does not flow logically, which would be flowing from appetizers and papadums, to rice, noodles, and breads then veggies and meats.  Here the buffet started  with plates, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka, fish curry, daals, vegetable curries...all very soupy items that probably should have rice or a starch served first so the sop up the gravies.   In addition, too much repetition. 5 Proteins- 1 fish curry and 4 types of chicken (tandoori, wings, tikka, and curry),  4 daals, and 2 batter fried vegetable and 2 cheap starchy filed vegetable dishes...a gobi filled with chana and a "vegetable" curry dominated by potatoes and peas. Not reflective of the delicious quality vegetables dishes Indian cuisine has been admired for.  No paneer, as a vegetarian source of complete protein instead of ANOTHER chicken dish?Furthermore, a very disjointed buffet offering, sambar without idli or dosa? mint chutney and tamarind chutney without samosa or chaat?  Come on!  You give the facade of bounty, but it is incomplete.  You know better, but undermine true Indian Buffet fans in order to cut costs. There are a ton of Indian buffets that are better for the same price and most are around you.While this commonly happens at most buffets, it seem to be with every gravy dish... all the "good" stuff was gone and it seemed once it was finished, it was finished. Yet coming at 1 PM and the buffet is from 11:30 to 3:00 pm...I do expect it to be replenished, but didn't see it happen in the 45 minutes I was there.  Understandably the dishes were mild, but there should be some "hot" sauce/condiment offered...I didn't see any, but I also never asked for any.  Out of all the dishes the tandoori chicken was the best, it remained juicy yet it was still underseasoned and DEFINITELY NOT cooked in a tandoori.One of the more promising things about the restaurant was that the atmosphere was "nice" and up to date and most importantly the service was way above par of most Indian restaurants...as an Indian it is rare to get treated as well as "non-Indian" customers.  Here our water glasses were never less than half full, and they appropriately checked on us from time to time without fussing or discriminating.
4	Came here for the lunch buffet (~$11) and left satisfied.  The place was moderately busy and had a nice selection of the usual buffet selections.  There weren't as many veggie options as I would have liked, but the options offered were all pretty fresh and not overspiced.  Our server was nicely attentive and unobtrusive, refilling water glasses with a smile.  This place served as a welcome oasis to begin the new school year.
3	Within a four mile radius of the university is a plethora of Indian restaurants. India Masala is another to add to the mix, but it tends to fall short compared to the others. They serve a lunch buffet from 11:30-3:00 for $10.99. Price wise, it is similar to all the others. Where it falls flat is in the offerings. IM offers a variety of dishes that are not often seen at other places. The vegetable korma is a primary example of this point. It was the one I enjoyed the most. The well seasoned mix of mushrooms and potatoes with the mango chutney gave a balanced taste of sweet and savory. The rice in the chicken biryani was also decious. It was soft, pillowy, and flavorful. I scooped around the dried chicken pieces and went with the tandoori instead. Most of the time, it is best to pass on the tandoori because it just sits out and loses all the moisture. Not theirs. Instead, I found it to be tender and moist. Other than those three dishes, I was not impressed.The service, on the other hand, was polite and friendly. The decorum, spacious and warm. With so much potential, I hope to see them tweak the menu a bit more. I wouls like to come in for dinner and just order ala carte.
3	It's about time I found a truly good indian restaurant in Las Vegas. The chicken tikka masala was delicious when paired with their perfectly cooked garlic naan. Slightly crispy as well as soft and chewy. Tried the goat curry which was nice and earthy. My date thought some parts of the meat were too tendony but I surmised that it's because when cooking such an unusual meat, they probably used most parts of the animal. My only true complaint was that our waiter pretty much forgot to take our order and no one else came by our table in a long time. There were only 3 other tables being served at the time! We didn't get to eat til about 40 minutes from the time we sat down. I'm willing to forgive this hopefully one-time incident because of the surprisingly good food. I was treated to a spectacle of the family-sized dosa being served at the next table. It was huge! Can't wait to come back and try it.
5	Hands down, the best Indian food in Las Vegas!!!!! Being a Las Vegas resident and having eaten Indian food across the world, I can honestly say that India Masala is an absolute winner.  The interior is plush, comfortable, clean, and well built.  From the moment you walk in, you feel that you are transported for a dining experience half a world away.  I think what knocks out the competition are the unique and flavorful spices.  Spices I have never tasted before.  The entree melts in your mouth and wanting more and more.  The menu has everything you could ask for in an Indian restaurant, and the service was top notch.  I was also shocked at the outstanding prices.  Basically, I cant wait until I have the chance to eat there again!  Recommend for any occasion without hesitation!
5	Awesome hospitality. Very clean. Joseph, Nicole were serving us with great hospitality. Being vegetarian and indian too, we know the taste of indian dishes. We ordered papadi chaat, idly sambar, rasam, and uttpam. All there taste excellent. One note, if you love spicy, and real spicy you need to say 10/10. Try pista kulfi as dessert. Sambar, and coconut chutney was not that great but it was just Ok. Wasnt hungry much so tried only appetizers. Did not try any main course. Definitely we will come here again. Awesome place...
4	This place is beautiful, the decor is classy enough for date night, yet not so over the top that you feel under dressed at lunch.   It is as all buffets should be, clean and neat and well stocked. We came here after a disappointing stop at Ghandi the week earlier. The service here is wonderful, very nice and friendly also mindful and considerate. Full water glasses at all times, we were offered fresh naan bread and it was great. The mango lassi was affordable and generous. I do not know what is expected of Indian dishes officially, I only know if like what I had or not so please keep that in mind.  The first time we went we loved it. There were large chunks of chicken in the butter chicken and an amazing lamb curry. Kessla ? dessert which was over the top, we loved this. Lemon rice and unique vegetarian dishes I gave a try. Well cooked basmati rice. Tandoori chicken, soups, pakora..  The second time came around and it was also great!! The Chicken Curry was amazing!  Told friends, then came a third time and..hmm..  things changed.. Butter chicken had tiny thin strands of chicken not at all the same kind from before, there was no lamb curry which was disappointing to me, and some dishes that looked good but had bones in them including the chicken curry (the first time it was made without bones). (I personally won't eat any gravies or curries with bones). There was a mango dessert that was unique.  I never tried the salads and smaller items, by the time I make it to the back wall I am full I did not count how many items but there is surely enough to choose from.  So we would prefer more consistency in quality as customers, however that's the only issue we had here. No one got sick, nothing bad happened it was a pleasant experience. The place is really nice and deserves a shot.  I never had dinner here and I am dying to try the cashew chicken. We'll go back thats for sure.
5	I'm not a fan of Indian but this place was as good as you can get! The service was perfect and the food was good... The only thing I would have liked was more ice in my water because the food was so spicy!
3	This relatively new restaurant is an upscale offshoot of India Masala located in the Riviera food court.  It is decent size and nicely appointed.  We shared vegetarian and tandori thalis that included a variety of vegetarian entrees and sides, pappadum with chutneys, tandori chicken, basmati rice, naan, chicken tika, and rice pudding.  Everything tasted pretty good, but I thought prices were high in relation to the quantity of food served.  On our next visit I will opt for either the luncheon buffet or order regular entrees.  A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.
2	nice ambiance and the wait staff was friendly.  I think there are much better indian restos in town.  My main qualm was that the food took a long time to come out and we were one of only two parties there.  There were also no togo pick ups at the time (5:30pm) so it was a little frustrating.  The other thing i didn't like was the portions were smaller than expected.  The food was a little blander than the way I like indian food, but maybe you can request a higher spice level.As said before.  Nothing special.
5	This place has excellent food! This is one of the top 3 meals we had while visiting Vegas. I ordered the Chicken Tikka with a side of Lemon Rice and Garlic Naan. I can't emphasize how good this was and we will be back for more!
5	This is by far the best Indian food i have tasted. The lemon rice was delicious, highly recommend it. The chicken tikka was juicy and favorable.
5	We have tried Indian food at lot of tourist places, but the Indo-chinese food and the appetizers were very tasty....the staff was also very accommodating ...........will visit again when in VEGAS
5	Yum, yum!  This place appeared out of no where (I think there was a Mongolian grill type place and I ate at only once in this location).  I was not holding out too much hope since this restaurant is  two blocks away from my previously favorite Indian food establishment.  Let me tell you why this place rocks.  First, the waiter was friendly and able to make recommendations.Then we got the food, whoo!  I had the tikki masala  with chicken and my friend had the butter chicken.  I had buttered naan and she had the capati.  The spices in the tikki masala were incredible.  The portion of the naan was more than I could have hoped for.  My friend really enjoyed her food.  We both had enough left overs to take home and have lunch the next day!  Why is this place better than the joint down the street?  Better quality taste and our bill was smaller!
5	tried this place for the first time tonight. LOVED the food and the service was great. can't wait to come back and try different stuff
4	*Review for the lunch buffet only*My Indian buffet resume for Las Vegas thus far includes Saffron Flavors of India (Summerlin), Taj Palace (Henderson), and the neighborhood rival a few blocks down (Mint).  In general, what I look for in Indian buffets is value, variety, and flavor.  Thus far, I think Taj Palace wins in flavor, Mint has variety but seems to always underwhelm me in the flavor category, and Saffron is severely lacking in variety (no Tandoori chicken...I literally observed an angry customer lecture the waiter on the lack of tandoori chicken and then proceeded to order some on top of his buffet).  Not quite ready to proclaim India Masala as best one in town since I still need to cross off Mt. Everest and Namaste off the list, but for *value (see below) and variety, they deserve some props.  In general, I have been surprised by the high prices for Indian buffets in Vegas compared to some other places I've lived (almost always in the double digit dollar range) and I'm at a point in my life where I no longer have the capability to polish off 3-4 plates + dessert to get my money's worth so just like an aging Greg Maddux who has to add some off-speed pitches to compensate for his slower fastball or Michael Jordan adding a fadeaway to his shot selection during the second half of his career, I too had to change up my game, and this buffet is ideally suited for my plan of attack.  Back in college, when my roommate and I were short on cash, we would routinely compete to see who could pack the most food in the local Indian restaurant "take out buffet" styrofoam tray.  Over several trips, we came up with the ideal arrangement which consisted of wet items on the bottom, layer of rice to soak up some flavors but with dry side above, as much tandoori chicken as we could fit, then cushioning everything with naan and other odds and ends.  This ended up easily being the equivalent of 3-4 meals while preserving the integrity of of each item.   So when I showed up one day from my office with a short lunch break, I went with the buffet-to-go option and was ecstatic when they presented me  not only with the usual styrofoam tray, but packed my naan separately in tinfoil and gave me two additional styrofoam bowls....huzzah!  My college roommate would be nodding in approval as I packed my tray full bursting at the seams but now had two additional bowls which I could pack with soup, dessert, salad, or additional rice/or any liquid item suitable for dipping my crispy warm naan.  All in all I foraged enough food to feed a small Indian village.In terms of variety, this is a double edged sword since like other reviewers have mentioned, this can be hit or miss both in terms of quality (some dishes soared whereas others fell flat) and the expectation of seeing your favorite dishes being present on any given day is highly variable since they do a good job (perhaps too good) of rotating dishes in and out.  I've been here 3 times, and I've seen at least 2-3 distinct dishes not present from before including sauteed okra, fish curry, egg curry, goat curry, and the occasional indo-chinese food item (definitely get this when it is available).  The setup of the restaurant inside is very clean, spacious, and welcoming and for someone that appreciates variety, I like the fact that they take chances and have something for everyone, but not everything is for everyone.  It's an educational foodie experience to see the a wide spectrum of rice dishes, unique desserts, and breads that you won't know if you will like unless it's put forth in front of you.  One glaring omission from the buffet is the samosas since I have yet to see an appearance and while taste of specific items may not be superior to other buffets across town, it definitely edges out Mint head-to-head for the lunch buffet on the east side since they are not afraid to throw in some spice and I'd much rather the items err on being bold than being bland.  3.5 stars with an extra half star bump due to the hidden value in getting their buffet to go.
3	This review is for the BUFFET ONLY. Since I was so pleased with my food when I visited last time, I thought about trying the buffet. They had 3 types of chicken; tikka masala, tandoori and something called chicken veduppu(spelling?). I had a small piece of the veddupu chicken and it was really good and seemed to have good flavor. The tikka masala was ok.I was hoping for atleast a couple of options of the indo chinese dishes, but all they had was a schezwan veggie dish, which was super super spicy and I could just have a few bites. They also had dosas which though fresh were not crisp, and were wrongly labeled as utthapam. About the labels-I would suggest that they take care to label food properly, as they had labeled the potato mix that goes with dosas as aloo gobhi(cauliflower potato). The mix itself was ok and had very large pieces of potato and was obviously not the original stuff served with dosas. So the 2 things I was looking forward to-south indian and indo chinese were seriously lacking in taste.For veggies, they had a few options-okra, black dal, some veg curry. I tried a bit of the okra and dal and they were just ok.Desert was pretty blah too: pink colored fruit custard and halwa. They need to really consider labeling and arranging the food in a logical order, as I remember standing in the middle of the buffet looking for rice, as it was placed next to the desert. The halwa was labeled 'kesari' which I think is a south indian version of halwa so I knew it was desert. However, for my non hindi speaking friends, it might have been confusing as it was placed next to the rice and could have passed off as a savory dish.I guess these are initial glitches and I do hope they improve, as I would love to have one indian restaurant in Vegas that serves consistently good food.
3	Not overly impressed. Large selection of entree dishes, no Saag Paneer though?!?! Everthing was good, just not extraordinary. Seems like they go for quantity over quality. I will say the custard with fruit was some of the best ive had. Service was friendly and attentive. Overall decent but Mint a mile west on Flamingo has much better food, though a smaller selection.
4	A good place for Indian food. The decor and service were superb.
4	12/28/12 DINNEROur experience was more like 3.5 stars, but I'll give the nice attentive staff an extra half star for effort.First off, I'm thinking, what's "Jainism"? This was the first time I've ever encountered an Indian restaurant that had dishes for those who observe Jain as a religion, and as a cuisine. Or at least identified as Jain on a menu. Quickly and secretly reading Wiki, I find that their cuisine consists of a refusal to eat "bulbs", meaning no garlic, onions, potatoes or such. Fascinating read, Jainism.But back to the meal. We had a LOT of food, cuz we had a GROUPON, but also cuz we love so much about Indian cuisine, and simply don't go enough.- Cuminium: A cocktail containing gin, absinthe, cumin and other things! It was actually quite interesting, and enjoyable.- Vegetable samosas: Not the best we've had, but quite good.- AndhraSpicy Masala Dosa: Under the "southern Indian" column in the menu, this was quite good. Kinda like having the samosa again, except in a crepe, dusted with a spicy powder that, like szechuan pepper, built up spice in the mouth. Great dipping sauces, including one akin to a minestrone soup? Highly recommended, and in fact, I think the "southern"  column, or vegetarian selections, is the way to go here. (Keep reading.)- Flying Horse lager: Split a tall Indian beer, this one we had never before encountered, it was light but worked with the main courses.- Shrimp Chettinadu: Billed as a 21-spice concoction (again, something we'd never before encountered), unfortunately the shrimp were overcooked. But the sauce, very dry for a sauce, was interesting enough.- Lamb Pepper Fry: Again the protein, this time lamb, was overcooked. Tough. But the onions, grilled and raw (NOT A JAIN ITEM!) and other things made it overall tasty.So overall we thought India Masala was about mid-way in this town for its quality of Indian cuisine. We've had worse, we've had better. I want to eventually return for the lunch buffet . (I have found that some places which aren't quite successful at dinner do quite well with their buffet.) But as for dinner, I might go back if friends insist, and only go vegetarian. Or maybe be Jain, for an evening.ADDENDUMOops. Forgot to mention. I had brought a bottle of Gewurztraminer to have with dinner. Corkage was quoted as TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS! And they're not even on the Strip! So don't bother bringing your own, just order a cocktail and split a beer, as we did.
4	What a great find in Vegas! Discovered this place through restaurant.com.Good food, clean and spacious facility, reasonably priced, very short ride from the strip, pleasing decor. I enjoyed my meal thoroughly.I live in in LA and visit Vegas at least 3-4 times a year. I am glad I found a good India restaurant there. Don't hesitate to try!
1	I was excited to try this restaurant yesterday because it's one of the few Indian restaurants that serves south Indian food.  I checked the times on the website and Facebook for dinner service and arrived during what I thought was dinner service. I was told the restaurant was not seating customers because of a private party, only takeout was available. Anyone familiar with south Indian food (ie dosas) knows it doesn't lend itself to takeout so I left disappointed and doubt I will go back. So my review is for poor service (why not post on Facebook that there is no dinner service?), not the food. I would advise anyone to call before making the trip to make sure you will be served.
2	The low rating is due mostly to the poor customer service received at this restaurant.  I think there are better indian restaurants in vegas and I would not come back here again.  Waited forever sitting at the table before getting our order taken.  Had to ask for water multiple times and once my bf gave the evil eye to the manager did we finally get some help.  The place wasn't that busy either, maybe 2 - 3 tables?? I am not sure if it was because we were foreigners in the restaurant but our waiter ignored us a lot and then later seemed scared to approach our table since we were pretty upset.  When asking about menu items, it seemed like alot of them were not available that night which sucked.  The butter chicken we ordered had pieces of bone in it and had to pay extra for rice on the side.  I mean putting aside the customer service, the food was ok but I would not repeat since it was very slow service (when not busy) and the whole experience seemed pretty miserable :(
3	this review is for the lunch buffet.this is a nice-looking restaurant, big buffet- there were lots of choices, and definitely more vegetarian-friendly options than nearby mint. i think they are a little better than mint in terms of sheer flavor and spice-level- while still not where i'd like it to be, it's a little more flavorful than typical indian buffet food.the malai kofta was good and so was the aloo gobi- the latter had a nice fresh gingery flavor.naan was served PIPING hot but our second basket didn't make it to our table until we were almost done eating. the service was a bit tricky in general- several different people waited on us, and there was no coordination between them, and they could be a little slow. at one point we waited like 15 minutes for someone to get us drink refills, and then right after we asked one guy to get them, another was asking if we wanted refills. it was confusing and inefficient.it's somewhere between 3 and 4 stars as far as vegas indian buffets but i am erring on the side of less stars because of one glaring buffet omission: paneer. where was the paneer? :(
3	India Masala is...okay.I had heard about their location in Riviera but there's no way I'm braving the strip, its tourists and its prices just for Indian food. So when my wife and I saw India Masala had finally opened a second location while we were on our way to our preferred Indian buffet (Mint), we decided we had to try it.In short, we should've just stuck with Mint. There's nothing objectively bad about India Masala. You could even make the argument that the food is a bit more flavorful than the seemingly afraid-of-spice Mint. But whether it's the decor, the service or the selection, something about this place just didn't click with me. Another disappointing contestant in a city that is, sadly, completely bereft of Indian restaurants.And where oh where is the gulab jamun?!
1	We ordered naans, chicken curry and chicken biryani to pick up in Indian Masala when we were in Vegas on vacation.We didn't know that Indian Masala has 2 branches one on strip and one here.  we went to the one on strip and then came here, coz they said they're different.  what a waste of time!! anyways, it's our mistake to get confused.Coming to the food.  What a horrible food.  Sooo disappointing. The naans are burnt to the core.  I somehow managed to get one small piece that wasn't burnt and it is uncooked!!! How can somebody manage to burn so much yet uncook???Chicken was soooooo raw and had bones.  A good vet could still have saved the hen!!
2	This review is for Dinner. Quick Review:  Food was good but the service was very very bad. Details: I have been to this place several times since its opening, service has been okay so far... but tonight it was disastrous. It took more than 10 minutes to take the order. Once order was made, food arrived in reasonable time. But after this no one cared to check our table for more than 30 minutes. The restaurant was not even busy. We finished our food and were kept waiting. Even the water was not refilled. I thought of ordering another dish and a dessert, but the lack of service made me decide against it.
5	Came in for dinner because a friend of mine told me about this place and I have to say I wasn't just served a meal like all the other restaurants do here in town I feel like I was given a great EXPERIENCE for the short while i was there. the staff was extremely knowledgeable about the food there which was great because I am not too familiar with it and after my food order was taken the bartender (whom was extremely beautiful and charming) came and personally took my drink order even though the place was pretty busy! She made me their signature India Masala cocktail and it was hands down the best cocktail I've ever had in my life hats off to the bartender. The food came out in a reasonable time and the food was amazing, best food I've had in years I gave my compliments to the chef. The prices were very reasonable and as I was leaving they acknowledged I was leaving, gave mea big smile, and said to come back again and it was a pleasure to have me. They hit all the notes to what wonderful customer service is and I am definetely going back there again soon!
5	Ok, I already tried the one they have on Riveira Casino. Frist impression of that place wasn't  that great. So i had spoiled potatoes in my Favorite dish (Dosa). After that i never went there. Then i heard this place, gave the frist try with our family. in the evening time wan't that busy and we had great welcome from the front desk and the waiter guy was kind enough to bring three high chairs for our baby to make the broken one replaced. he was no smile and pleasent. Bar tender dude was ecceptional and he knows what he doing. he made great magarita and his generous service was make any one happy. i tried the Chicken tika Dosa twise... really... it was that good.. Only the down fall was the shrimp biriani the shrims were bad taste like they were uncooked.      The waiter dude " Santiago Fernandez" is a collest indian waiter i ever seen. I think this dude knows what he talking about when he is explaining the food. Even he gave me wierdest messurment of the legnth of the Dosa that chef made in the kitchen. It was unacceptable but belivable fact. lols to my self..... we all happy about the service and the prices but they finally took the shrim beriani put of our bill by Manager Raj... Keep his mustache perfectly fine. $220 something dollarasss.. went down to $160 kindof....Bless me Groupon!!!    We will go back thats for sure and we will send more people.. more Sri Lankans of course!!!!
5	I have eaten at this place many times and it has become my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Indian food can get expensive but this is reasonable. The superb food way out weights the cost. I try different dishes each time I go and have yet to be disappointed. If you are not sure what to order or if you will like it, they have a lunch buffet that has a pretty good choice for you to sample and again very reasonable. Meat dishes are my favorite but they have a good portion of vegetarian dishes on the buffet too. Dal Makhani is my favorite vegetarian dish , but all are good. They always have 4-5 different chutney's to choose from with salad and fresh fruit. The nan bread is always fresh and the service is friendly. This is a rather new restaurant and as the word gets out it will get hard to get a table on Friday or Saturday night dinner without a wait. I would go now and be a trend setter by telling you friends. They will love you for it.
5	What a great find! Vegas has several options for Indian cuisine but if you're looking for fresh, variety, cleanliness, great service, this is it!
5	Every time I attend a conference in Las Vegas, I end up at India Masala Bar & Grill for a truly wonderful dining experience.  Rajesh, the owner's son always ensures you a truly unique and unforgettable culinary feast.We love spicy and the chef's ability to pay attention to your level of spicy is spot on.The menu is truly reasonably priced, the wine list is exceptional and a wide variety of dishes from the North and South of India makes India Masala a lights out choice.  You won't be disappointed in the fragrant curries or special veggie dishes. Yes, a truly wonderful dining experience.
5	Grreat food great service  love indian food  atmosphere a 10 who cares about price  i have eaten at over 100 resturants in town dont mind spendingon good food or service  so pony up get a second job to.support you foodie habits  bon apetit
5	Just had their buffet that had wonderful tikki masala, a wide range of indian dishes and various types of rice. $10 was certainly worth it! It was a wonderful experience!  We ordered a goat dish with an onion and ginger gravy. The pistachio kulfi was amazing, homemade and creamy! Demetri was a fabulous server, very attentive and caring! He even took the time to go through the buffet line and explain every dish and made helpful suggestions, the goat dish was one of them. The naan bread is fresh and hot, very delicious. We are foodies and definitely will be back, and will bring friends! Thank you for the hospitality!
4	I drive by this place all the time and finally stopped in.  Must thank yelp for the deal.My roommate and I were hungry and the fridge was empty.  Search for a deal and boom, right next to home.  We came in around dinner time and it was fairly packed.  After, I am glad we came in when we did.  The dinner rush came in 20 mins after we did.  Service? Outstanding!!  Waiters very tentative to us, but I felt that too many different servers approached us and made it difficult to keep track.  Our waiter that took our order gave me some good recommendations since I have not had India food before.  Our first app was the chicken 65.  65 different spices, I thought dang.  I'm gonna need lots of water.  Turns out, very flavorful.  Similar to carne asada since it was served with diced onions and cilantro.  Our main was the Masala Dosa dn the Tandorri dinner.  I am first glad I didn't go with the 3 foot long dosa.  Would have been way too much.  I loved the dosa, very spicy the one I got, but also fresh.  Tandoori was very nice, plenty of different meats.  I do feel that the chicken was dry as well as the sausage (over cooked).  This probably happen since the kitchen was backed up.  My roommate loved the naan.  So great, that he ordered another basket.  We got our free mango for checking via yelp.  Very tasty drink.  From the name, I first thought it was a jelly.Everything was great, but kitchen was overwhelmed by the rush.  Waiters did apologized many times, and we listened into the other tables complaints and all.  I felt that they handled the neighboring table well since they were upset by a mistaken order.  Others were upset by the wait. Overall, I'll come back.  Do want to try the lunch buffet.
2	This place had some great reviews so I figured I would give the buffet a try. I was really not impressed. First impressions were good in the door, it is nicely decorated and clean. We got there about 7 minutes after the buffet had opened but the food looked like it had already been sitting out a while with skins on the tops. We enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, rice and the naan bread, but everything else was pretty disappointing. I was also surprised they had no desserts besides fruit, most indian buffets I go to at least have rice pudding. We ordered mango lassis as well because they didnt have cold chais...which didnt really taste like mango, they were like white, sour, runny greek yogurt drinks. Honestly, I will not go back, there are much better places in town, perhaps sit down is a better experience.
1	No idea how this place got any good reviews. We went for the lunch buffet and it was awful. We arrived right when the place opened and the food was not fresh, already had a skin on it. The buffet was laid out horribly. The rice is in the back and not the front before the entrees. There were no deserts besides fruit(wheres the Kihr?). We tried almost every entree on the menu and the only one that was decent was the chicken tikka masala, the rest was either bland or sour. The goat curry had bones in it... disgusting.  Also, AVOID THE LASSI AT ALL COSTS. It was sour and I could barely get through a few sips. This either means the yogurt used had gone sour or they do not know how to make a lassi, either way it sucked. As you probably have already guessed, I will not be returning, even if they paid me. Do yourself a favor and drive two blocks down Flamingo and go to Mint instead! (Get a strawberry or mango lassi, it will show you how a lassi is supposed to taste)
2	was good for the price, quiet...  poor service
4	Really enjoyed the extensive menu and many choices for vegan, etc.  Food was excellent quality and value.  Staff was very nice.  Don't go if you're in a hurry it's a relaxed pace.
4	I would go all five stars but yes, as I am not very picky knowing you can't get perfect with buffet style, the food could be stirred up a little. NO BIG DEAL folks! I thought it was very clean and I enjoyed the atmosphere of the music and how helpful everyone was. I am an Italian who knows good tasting food. This stuff was delicious. If people go here expecting typical buffets with a bunch of treats and meats you are crazy and don't belong writing shitty reviews. I have seen this place a few times as it is next door to my fav Pawn Shop that my friend works at. I went in and enjoyed the lunch buffet had great service and will def go back again.Didn't know the owners son works the front but i would like to pass along the thanks for the hospitality and service. Keep up the good work!
5	Super friendly people and someone is cooking up some delicious food in that kitchen. Came for dinner on a Tuesday, not to crowded. Had the vegetable korma which was off the hook.
5	The wife and I went for dinner as a spur of the moment thing. Upon walking in, we were impressed with the ambiance. It was open and airy. We were warmly greeted and seated. At the table we were our server presented us with a basket of delightfully light and crisp chips accompanied by plum and mint chutney dips. Our server was Dmitri. He was great. He was speedy without being pushy. He knew the menu and was willing to accommodate special requests.We ordered the tilapia appetizer. The portion could have been an entree for two. The fish was appropriately flaky without being dry. It was spicy without assaulting the taste buds. I had to hold back so that I would have room for the main course. These did not disappoint. I had the lamb curry at spice level 8, and my wife had the chicken masala at spice level 3. The chicken had to be special ordered. The chicken normally used has the red-pink coloring to it. This tends to upset my wife's stomach. Dmitri was able to convey this to the chef and the chef nailed it. Most importantly, we did not have to wait any longer for this modified meal. And by the way. The chicken was amazing. Juicy, flavorful, and sliced just right. The lamb was the same. I sampled both over a nicely prepared bed of basmati rice.  I only regret not saving room for dessert. Next time.Another impressive thing was the menu selection. Oftentimes Indian restaurants only serve regional dishes. This menu offers a full culinary tour of India. I am not one for buffets, but I might try theirs just to take the full tour.The pricing was reasonable. Had we not ordered the tilapia and mango lassi (which was extraordinary), our meal with tip would have been about $42.00. That is a great dinner price just about anywhere, but is an exceptional value in Vegas.This place hit the grand slam for me: ambiance, service, food, and price.
5	My boss and I just happened to drive upon this place after realizing we were too early for lunch at LOS.  I am very open to any type of food and not afraid to try new things.  That being said I am not at all familiar with the assortment of dishes that I tried or the names nor am I an expert on Indian food. But I can appreciate the fact that the lunch buffet was very descriptive of the what each item was, the waiter was attentive and it's very cute inside.   One of my favorite dishes was the fruit salad in a sweet yogurt.  I can say that for $10.99 lunch buffet with a lot of choices I will be back.
5	I've gone here twice so far and both times I've had exceptional service!  There's a deal from yelp you can use to get $10 or $20 off your meal.  I love their masala chai, naan, their chicken tikka masala and chicken korma! They also have a great lunch selection as well. Definitely coming back to this place!
5	The last Indian buffet I went to there was so much oil over the aluminium containers, F.E.M.A. was called to take care of the spill. The left over saag (spinach) from previous nights had overcooked to the point, it had turned brown and looked like an alien.The owners of India Masala, should be proud to be calling themselves Indian, since I have never been to an Indian restaurant, which is impeccably clean and classy. The Buffet is the main attraction and not a corner side-show as in other Indian restaurants. Last time I was there, I ate so much I had to find a tree to wind around  to digest the incredible food that I had at the buffet., not to mention it is not easy to find a tree in the desert. They also have a nice cozy bar and I have a red wine (preferably chilled since the the wine sommeliers, who go to school of higher learning with student loans jauntily  come back to tell the bartenders to serve red wine at  "room temperature." Room temperature in Las Vegas, happens to be 120 degrees Fahrenheit. The bartenders who are taught not to argue with experts follow the dictum to the tee. The red wine has to be chilled to taste good and even a cheap wine will taste good-chilled and most mere mortals drink cheap wine.Not to digress, I have red wine before and during dinner which gives you a tremendous appetite, unlike beer, that makes you full and not to mention gives you Buddha like belly. The Buffet is not only sight for sore eyes with over Forty ! North and South Indian items,but it a feast for the palate, to say the least. The buffet is freshly cooked unlike Chinese restaurants where they serve left over from the previous week. The secret to good Indian food is authentic cooks. I found out from the waiters that they have Four North and South Indian cooks. Most of the Indian restaurants have no cooks, but someone on a tourist visa paying off their debts.The service is superb and the ambiance is embellishment to the feast. There is no way anyone can get this kind of food for the price they are charging and this can happen Only in Las Vegas the Buffet Capitol of the World. India Masala is the Indian Buffet Capitol of Las Vegas., I would say this is the Healthiest Buffet /food in Las Vegas or anywhere..It is time for my weekly visit to the Capitol.
3	We stopped for dinner last night as it had been awhile since we had Indian food.  Since we got there right at 5 PM which is their opening time, the place was empty and we were seated immediately.  Water was brought quickly and we also ordered regular iced tea.  The server came back and said they were out of regular iced tea and they only had the sweetened raspberry tea.  We got that instead.For an appetizer, we ordered the medhu wada, two deep fried doughnuts made from ground lentils, rice, and black pepper.  With it was served three chutneys or sauces that added some to the dryness of the wada.  The sauces were a tomato based one, a soup, and a coconut based one.  The wadas were very flavorful and after chewing, you got the flavor of the black pepper.  When our server went to clear the dishes, she asked if we wanted to keep any of the chutneys.  I kept the soup and ate it.  It was great!For dinner, my wife ordered the garlic chicken and I ordered Madras curry chicken, spice level 7 on a 1 to 10 basis.  We also ordered some garlic naan.  Dinner came with basmati rice.  We both liked our meals, and we had garlic chicken to bring home for another meal for one of us.  The garlic naan was good. For dessert, we shared a dish of kheer.A couple of things keep me from ranking the place higher.  On one of the hottest days this summer, the restaurant was very warm.  I don't like freezing in a place either and I always take a denim long sleeve shirt with me.  I sure didn't need it as I was perspiring and it wasn't from the curry.  Speaking of that, 7 is not high enough for a good spice level.  Their 7 was rather tame and the curry seemed to be lacking some of the rich flavor it should have.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by Thai curry.  I think I need to stay away from indian curry.  The kheer had no pistachio chunks on it which somewhat makes the dish interesting.  I saw the photo that Westie W. posted and I thought that it was really enticing.  The no regular iced tea threw me.  I was going to ask them if I could have some hot water and a tea bag and a glass of ice.  I could have made my own.  Out of iced tea is so lame.  We bought a Yelp deal which is in essence a $5 off deal.  This place is OK, but I won't be returning.  There are good good, fully supplied Indian restaurants in town.
3	Some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time, although very spicy! I usually have the buffet but tonight I ordered off of the menu. I specifically wanted the Chicken Chili dish that I tried at one (only one unfortunately) of the buffets. Never saw it again at the buffet so had to order it for dinner. It's listed under appetizers on the menu. That made me think it wasn't a dinner sized portion. The waitress asked what spice level 1-10. Only had that asked at Thai restaurants. We ordered medium. Also ordered Saag Paneer at medium spice. I should have asked for everything to be served together because the chicken came out first. It was fresh and hot, and also blazingly spicy!!! DAMN! It was so flavorful and quite tasty with an insane depth of flavor...but SO HOT!! Couldn't stop eating it! The saag was just as hot but oh so fresh! Chunks of tomato with strands of chive on top. Could have used a little more salt I think, but a little too hot. Tongue went numb, which I don't mind if the food is outstanding. Also had rice and garlic naan with meal. I would have given 4 stars, but the spice level of the meal caused intestinal distress for a few days, which I usually experience eating Indian food. The spice level of the food at the buffet is far less than when you order off the menu. Dining here reminded me of the first time I went to Shalimar, which I thought was some HOT Indian food. I love Indian food, but for some reason gives me intestinal distress. India Masala is another great Indian restaurant in my 'hood (Mint, Ghandi, India Palace) which I am truly grateful for! Will go again and lower the spice levels. Extremely tasty food! Careful with the spice levels...10 must be unedible!
4	I came on a Friday during lunch and had ate their buffet for $15. - Classy. high ceiling. fancy wine glass for water. nice silverware. - Great chicken curry! Not dry!- Solid variety. Great taste.- No old film over curries - Hint of spice! - To-Go buffet same price as lunch. $12.- They had some chopped fruit, but didn't look too appetizing. - 2.5 plates, naan, and vermicelli pudding was enough to put me in a food coma..zZzZ- I'd chose Mint if you come solo and want to yolo. But if you're +1, this is the place since you can use the $15 for 20 value and get the mango dessert from check-in!
2	clean and classy restaurantwelcoming staff and nice service.Did not really like the buffet. May be they are showing less love in preparing lunch buffet items.Economical Food for the ambiance and  good for groups.Its not the best biriyani you will get in Vegas. Still i will recommend Shalimar for Best Biriyani.Chicken Tikka masala with Nan is good.Dosa is okIts not the best indian food out there but can go once. First timer might like it.
2	This has been a frequent spot but recently the food quality has gone bad. These guys used to have a good dosa around. Few of us came by dinner and were served dosas which were very sour ... old batter I think probably a few days old. Was not a good experience at all :(We said this and it didn't look like the chef cared much.
1	Atmosphere was nice, very clean. Service was atrocious. Seated quickly, but waited forever just to order. Five tables with patrons...four wait staff just walking from one place to another doing nothing. As dishes would empty, we placed them aside in an organized manner, yet none of the wait staff bothered to clear them. We actually had a new dish brougt to our table and they simply moved aside the empty/used dishes and left them on our crowded table. Ordered the tandoori chicken and chicken tikka masala. Tandoori was not as flavorful as I've had at other restaurants. Tikka was good, but it barely fed two people. I expected more for the price in terms of quality of food and service. A real disappointment, will not be a repeat diner.
4	Nice spot to grab cheap Indian, with a great variety of choices of Northern and Southern cuisine. Portion sizes are generous and full of flavor. Lots of coupons for checking in. Onion Cilantro Naan was delicious and filling. Madras Chicken Curry was full of flavor and the perfect amount of spicy. Nice local spot, a good escape from the strip with friendly service.
5	Had an amazing experience. I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo and my GF had the Korma, both were perfectly spiced and had amazing flavors. The Naan was the best I've ever had. Service was good and prompt even though our waiter had the personality of a neatly folded napkin. I would highly recommend this place and get the Groupon deal. Well worth it!.
5	Staff very nice. Food was good.
4	Very good food and great service. They made special non garlic non onion food for my Mom
5	Best indian food ,;!!we had lunch buffet  delicious, chicken65, bhuna gosht very good and perfectly spiced, service was very nice impressed  ambiance   Try the best indian restaurant in town,.
3	The lunch buffet was good.Not great but better than the other restaurants around.
5	Hands down the best Indian food in town, additionally some of the best I've ever had. They are super nice here and the portions are so much better than most places.  I got the Lamb Curry & my girl got the lentil crepe, both were absolutely incredible!! Definitely our top place to go now.
5	This is my first yelp review and this review is for vegetarian dishes only.Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!!This place came up in yelp search when we were looking for indain restaurant for dinneron one of our Vegas trips. The food here will not disappoint youand worth it's value.We had veggie korma and sambar-rice, both were very Delicious. You have an option of setting the spice level 0 to 10For every dish and you get what you ask for.Service was very friendly and we got complimentary Mango lassi since their kitchen was little behind and we were waiting for our food to be served.Overall very positive experience and would love to go backwhen we are back in Vegas !!.
5	I brought my brother here on a recent visit to Vegas, he has had a lot of Indian food in Chicago, he said this was the best Indian food he ever had! We had a great dinner starting with Samosas that were delicious!  Great flavor and seasoning.  We also had Chicken Korma and Tikka, both fabulous, the Tikka is my favorite.  We enjoyed a very tasty Indian beer, Hayward's 5000, and finished with home made ice cream, mango and pistachio, both real nice.  I went back to have the lunch buffet later in the week and found many new dishes that I really enjoyed.  The Curry Chicken was just divine! The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated with very friendly servers and management.  The garlic naan is awesome! The levels of flavor in the dishes I tried were so complex and fun to eat. It was a pleasure to eat at India Masala, I can't wait to visit again!
5	This place is amazing!  I went for the lunch buffet and the scents draw you in from the moment you walk through the door.  There were SO many delicious options to choose from that I didn't even know where to begin.  The naan is the best I've ever had - and I've lived in India.  There is something about the way the flavors of the food blend together so perfectly, the chef has created a truly magical experience for you.  The staff is also very friendly and attentive.  I really just can't say enough about how fantastic this restaurant is.  I go back anytime I'm in the area!
5	This place is GREAT!  I'm always comparing indian restaurants.  I always find something wrong but honestly speaking I could not find a single thing wrong with this place.  The staff was great and caring.  I overheard them trying to find a taxi for some tourist.  The food was really good. I had paneer butter masala and unlike other paneer dishes this was not oily at all and the naan was soft, which I love.  I hate crunchy and chewy naan.  I took butter chicken and gobi manchurian, which is a south indian dish, home for my boyfriend and he LOVED it.  I am a vegetarian so according to my boyfriend the meat dish was really good.  I will be coming back for sure, especially when I'm feeling homesick :)
5	This place had one of the best indian food I have had!! The chicken tikka masala was amazing...a good variety for their lunch buffet...and usually u get a good discount coupon on yelp that helps...
1	Yelp deal is a big sham. I did a togo of food on a Tuesday night and the guy at the counter says the manager wont accept it. He agrees after I read him the conditions and fine print from Yelp.  An item in my order was also missing. Food is so-so. There are far better places for Indian food around.
4	Free mango lassi with checkin!! That being said, I had the lunch buffet. The highlights for me were the chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, garlic nan, and keer. The potato pancake was interesting as well. Similar to what I've had in Korean cuisine, but this one has a bit of sourness to it. There are different types of chutney and also salad. Some of the vegetarian dishes were tasty as well, but I'm disappointed there was no paneer. Overall it is good. Service is excellent as the staff was very friendly and helpful. I think we had 6 yelp checkins and they were so happy to give us our free mango lassi, so much so they even gave us an extra one. There is also pineapple n cantaloupe for those who like to end their meal with fresh fruit.
2	The meat dishes like lamb kebab & chicken 65 we're not that great. Paneer tikka masala. Plenty of gravy but only 8 cubes paneer. Chana masala was ok. Naan was fresh & soft.
1	Disclaimer: I haven't tried the food here yet (not sure I will bother). The 1-star review is for the crap service. If I ever return to eat, I will update accordingly.I placed an online order for pick up through Eat24, was quoted 30 minutes. I get there a few minutes later than that and was told that the order was not made due to the chef being busy. Host says the chef can make it now, but it will be another 30 minutes. I'm on a lunch break from work, already blew through most of it driving there. No thanks, canceled. Really irritated that no one thought to let me know the order would be delayed, wasted enough of my time that I couldn't go elsewhere. I understand shit happens, but let me know so I can plan around it. Not cool.
3	India Masala is an Indian restaurant near UNLV's campus on Flamingo.  The parking lot does get filled because a combination of India Masala, the various business around, and the small parking lot. I'm impressed with the interior, it is very nice and a huge improvement from what was there, only a few years ago.  That being said it is very nice inside but how does the rest stack up?Well I came here with my usual large group of co-workers and they were more than accomendating.  We all did the lunch buffet which was only $9.99, the same price as Mt. Everest.  In comparison buffet wise, I do perfer Mt. Everest a lot more because they had more selection, flavor, and better quality in the non-salad and non-dessert items but India Masala is an ok substitute. So they don't have a large selection on their buffet. Their rice dish wasn't mixed well, large patches of non-mixed rice was found throughout. The curry dishes were very running, if they weren't meant to be running. But their desserts, the free mango lassi after check-in and yogurt/tapioca/pudding looking things with fruits were all very delicious. Their meat dishes and regular/garlic naans were about the same. Customer service was excellent, when a few of us decided to use our free lassi check-in offers and they gave more than enough it became awesome.There are better Indian restaurants in the area. The food in the buffet were alright but not good enough for me to be a fan of. Maybe I'll come back for dinner or not do the buffet. They do have a happy hour from 3pm-6pm for with a drink list and 50% off selected appetizers.
4	Came with my vegan dining partner. We came at lunch and they had only the buffet but we told them we were vegan so they let us order off the menu. Although we announced we were vegan, I ordered a chai tea, and they brought me a chai with creme :( so it was quickly exchanged for a plain black tea. The spice was a tiny heavy for a 6 of 10, so use caution there. Very yummy, easy menu and good value. Very close to UNLV! Worth a try.
3	My friend recommended this place, so we ended up checking it out mid-week for some Lunch Buffet action!!! Place was fairly busy, wait-staff were friendly and we were seated immediately.The food: This is where they lose 2 stars. While the curries are ok and all, the choices are very limited (and rather uninspiring). The meat items were generic, altho the Butter Chicken was quite delish compared to the rest (but I've had better). No beef/lamb/goat/seaffood options. A bit vanilla if you ask me...The Garlic-Naan though was AMAZING! Some of the best Naan I've had in recent years. Def recommend getting those1Customer service was superb. Only wish the curry choices and quality were a bit better.
5	Excellent food. Loved the tava fish and chicken karahi.
4	I love this place because it's relatively cheap, especially with the groupon, and I love buffets. ($10 lunch buffet, plus half-off w/ groupon). I just wish there were a little more vegan variety. All of the vegan food kind of just compliments the naan bread instead of being awesome by itself. But to be fair I think that's how most Indian dishes are supposed to be. Still really delicious.However, I was never fond of their lunch desserts. They're either kind of weird or boring or both. Also, I'm not sure if this was an isolated incident, but the last time I went (1/15/14) the saag (spinach & mustard greens curry) was WAY, WAY too salty. I actually love salty food and most green things, but that had to be a mistake. Hopefully it was just a fluke.Despite my complaints, I strongly recommend this place for vegans and meat-eaters alike. This place is always tasty, and I leave completely stuffed every time.
4	India masala on E flamingo rd went here with friends for Dinner .Excellent customer service .Great Indian food ..Must eat : Tamarind rice and Bisi bele bath form rice dishes.Gobi manchurian is a must try!!Be careful when u order the quantity they serve is moreWe went back to hotel room with lots of togo boxes and the bill was in $$$(three digit figure).No real complaints!!I have been to India masala on S las vegas Blvd too but that one is definitely not good  to try!!
5	Very good!!  I was looking for something off of the strip and find myself very pleased. It was pretty quiet at 8:30 pm. The staff was extremely polite and attentive and the food was great. I had shrimp tikka masala along with the variety of nan. I'm happy I listened to the waitress when she told me 10 was "I'm on fire hot". 7 was spicy but not too over the top for me.  If you like garlic nan you'll be happy if you order it here.
5	As soon as we reached vegas we were in search of some comfort, authentic food. While we were browsing this on yelp we stumbled upon india masala bar and grill. As weird as it may seem they had one of the excellent rasam ( A soup) i've ever tasted. Dinner was as well a buffet spread with neat array of items ranging from south indian to north indian. Surprisingly the sambhar,rasam,pakoras were mind blowing and mango lassi was nothing short of stupendous. Garlic naan was so soft and flavourful.The front desk staff was very cheerful and attentive. The buffet price was pretty kind on the wallet too. I believe if you take some buffet food to-go its a couple of dollars cheaper, but i've no idea what you may be able to fit in a box in their wide selection of delicacies.
1	So this review isn't necessarily about the food. The food is fine, good enough comfort food with an adequate selection. This is more about the service. I used to frequent this place at lunchtime because it's decently priced, $9.99 on weekdays, $10.99 on weekends. On top of that, I'm a student so I sometimes get two for one discount coupons which is nice because I definitely live on a student budget. Let me just say that this pricing is VERY loose. It didn't take me long to realize that the price is RARELY $9.99, it's almost always $10.99 for one reason or another. For example...the restaurant is very busy, it's a "holiday" of some sort, or my personal favorite, "the manager told me to raise the price today" HAHAHA goodness. Ok then. We actually made a game of guessing what ridiculous reason we were going to be given for higher prices. Because of course 2pm on a Tuesday merits an increase in prices, right?I had a few coupons for buy one get one free, any day of the week, between the hours of 11 and 3. Well of course that's too simple, it wasn't until after we finished eating that the...server? hostess? someone who appeared to work there? pointed to a tiny yellow sign stuck to the counter that said "no coupons on weekends" and she then proceeded to giggle and say sorry and mutter something about...well managers said so. I'd had it, I was done. It's just a joke of a restaurant, and having nonexistent service from start to finish, watching employees hang out on their phones and read the newspaper at the bar, no thank you. I work in a restaurant, and let me tell you, I wish my job was that easy. Thankfully, not all is lost. Delhi opened right down the street, their food is always fresh and flavorful and the staff is FANTASTIC! They remembered us after our second visit and are always so excited to see us and welcome us. On top of that, their lunch buffet is $9.99 every day, no exceptions. Heck, I'd gladly give them $12.99 and I really could care less about coupons, I want to see them do well:):) Such a better choice than India Masala!!!
3	The Saag was ok, but lacking the strong layering of flavor that I expect in this dish. Also, the chunks of garlic were all different sizes. (Some were about 2 inches!) The chopping is so sporadic, and obviously rushed. The chicken Tikka Masala was SUPER greasy! Waaaay too much Ghee, or maybe even oil. The chicken in the Tikka Masala was grainy and powdery, and there was so little of it. Odd.We ordered from EAT24, where it said that they're delivery fee was free. Then when we checked out, our receipt said it was a $5 charge. They said that India Masala charges $5 for delivering "Far away". We are literally 3 blocks from them, and THAT is considered far? What's close? If you live in the same strip mall as the restaurant? Our order took an hour and 15 minutes to arrive. We will not be ordering from them again.
4	New Disclaimer: I get extremely cranky when my blood sugar drops. So, I did go back, to the lunch buffet. Based on the buffet alone, I think I would like to go for dinner at some point. I thought the food was exceptionally good, not just "for a buffet", but in general.I did the lunch buffet for takeout. They are generous with the containers (and separately packaged naan), so I was able to try pretty much some of everything (and lots of some things!). The selection is small, but the bases were fairly covered. I knew going in that I wouldn't find samosas, but I still missed them. There also wasn't any pakora, and a few other standard items I was surprised not to see. Still, what they do have is solid. The tandoori chicken was basic, but well-prepared and moist. The chicken tikka masala was exceptionally good, as was the fish curry they had. To the best of my knowledge (and please, feel free to message me if I'm wrong), India Masala is the only spot offering a takeout option for their buffet. As you might know from my earlier review, my time is extremely limited on weekday afternoons. It's good to know that I could pop in, fill a few containers, pay, and be on my way in a few minutes with enough delicious food for both lunch and dinner.
4	They have a great buffet during lunch hours. The Rasam was great they also have a take-out special.
5	I love the food at this restaurant. We have normally been to the other branch of it which is in Riviera but we thought of checking this one out. I'm not a buffet person and prefer ordering for ourself separately. We tried the chhole masala which came out beautifully good n great level of spice, which I certainly liked ;) other stuff like the chicken curry n aaloo tikki chaat and the complimentary lassi which we got from our check in made our dinner even more special. Next time we tried andhra masala dosa and indian and esp dosa was great and to add, the chutney's were probably the tastiest i'vs ever had in Vegas. We even got the 15 for 20 deal which added to our pleasure. :) A must go place for all indian food lovers.
1	never going to this place again :-/my niece husband & myself were seated right away , made us the 2nd set of customer in the restaurant . waiter asked if we wanted anythng to drink and all 3 of us told him we all just wanted water & waiter didn't look like he wanted to that & asked us back " just water ? " ... waiter leaves & came back & poured us water . aftr a couple of mins , waiter comes back & asked if we were ready to order ,  my husband was ready to place his order & my niece who just had late lunch fr work was not goin to order anythng  & I wasn't ready to place mine.  Neithr any of us  three on our table really hv been to an Indian restaurant , took me slightly longer to place my order than my husband , then told waiter I wasn't ready , after a couple of mins , waiter comes back & I asked if the dish I was looking getting can b made not spicy waiter right away said " no " . ok .. it's an Indian restaurant they'r known for their spices so then I asked which vegetable dish did not come " creamed " . waiter mentioned about three . I picked mixed vegetables & my husband then places his order too . soon as we placed our 2 choices , waiter leaves our table then aftr bout a min comes back & said no mixed vegetables ... OMG for an Indian restaurant who's menu s almost vegetarian ... no mixed vegetables ??! I then Change my order which comes w/ nan bread ... waiter asked if bread w/ butter or plain ? I said butter on the side waiter stops writing & said that they didn't  do butter on the  side & looked like my request was too difficult .. he said I can just give u plain bread , I said ok just bring me some butter . waiter said he's been there a year & hv not heard such , I asked waiter to ask their kitchen & he tells me they'r busy ... there was only three tables now that occupied out if I'd say @ least 12 tables .. they hv the bread , now it's a matter of having butter or not if their nan bread came eithr plain or already buttered  , & he could hv said they didn't hv butter which would b nxt to not since butter s almost in evry pantry/ fridge . but instead waiter was saying they hv not served plain nan bread w/ butter on the side !! at the end my simple request of nan bread butter on the side aftr so long of a conversation w/ the waiter gets on our table along w/ 2 other things we ordered & we also ordered plain rice which didn't get to our table aftr we wer almost done since our waiter forgot we ordered rice & only found out aftr checking hw we wer doin as we wer getting almost done
4	Their Chicken65 is bomb!! I absolutely love it there. As a foodie, this is by far one of my favorite indian restaurant in Vegas. Also try the Briyani, it is infused with amazing flavors.
3	Flavorful yet something was bit off. Couldn't quite put my finger on it but some things were just too spicy too greasy and too empty in the pan. Waited but they wouldn't fill it. They had lots of selections so I really didn't have to try everything. I liked most of the dishes I tried. The waitress was nice but hostess had bit of an attitude. Oh well. I don't maybe I was sensitive on this day.
3	Decent food but very very expensive. Try the south Indian food - very good stuff, avoid dosa.
1	I was totally disappointed with this restaurant. Food tasted horrible and there were not many options. The staff also did not respond well when we told them the food was not hot enough. Overall, I wouldn't visit this place again.
5	I tried the lunch buffet and I was not the least disappointed. The food was delicious and the waiters were very attentive. The buffet offers about eight different dishes, which may seem like a small selection, but the quality of the dishes leaves you more than satisfied. I have been to buffets with a greater selection of dishes, but the chicken and vegetables are not as fresh and I end up with a stomach ache. The complimentary naan bread alone is worth the visit. The restaurant itself, the food, and the price are right. A must go to restaurant.
4	Always love a good Indian buffet, and they deliver that here. Fresh, tasty, could be a little spicier, and I know it's hit or miss with other Indian buffets, but samosas would be a nice addition. Otherwise it was a good experience, and would certainly go back again.
5	We had a very tasty meal here tonight. The mango lassi had full mango flavor! Yummy! The chapati and sauces were the best I have had, and yes I have eaten Indian food before  many times although not in India, but in London. We ordered chicken tikka dosa, goat curry, basmati rice, and naan. It was our first time having a dosa, not sure that we have seen this on a menu before, but we are glad that we tried it! If you have never had one and you like crepes, this is a must have! Of course, the sauces that went with it were just delightful, bursting with flavor in every bite. The curry was also very flavorful and so was the wonderful naan. We order the rice so the goat curry had something to sit on.For two of us, we had way too much food but managed to eat most of it. Service was very attentive and pleasant. Wonderful experience and great food.
5	A restaurant can be judged by it's chutneys.. This statement holds very true for india masala..! Loved the food. Highly recommend aloo paratha, fish curry and yellow dal.. Dosa was fresh and delicious as well..
1	Had their buffet during a recent trip to Vegas and came back extremely dissatisfied.  Will not go back there again.  The selection was small.   The food did not taste good.  Their rasam was over the top spicy (I eat super spicy but this was insane!) and was floating in oil.  The owner/host told me that he had never tasted rasam before and thought that the base of the rasam was oil...LOL!!  They need to get a new chef who really knows how to cook Indian food.Mini dosa was good, but the only chutney they had was made of tomato and was tasteless (seriously how can anyone ruin tomato chutney!!).  They charge $9.99 for their buffet..such a waste of money!!   You pay just a couple bucks more and you get excellent and super tasty food at Mint.
5	We just moved out here this year.  We've been to 3 indian restaurants in Vegas so far, and this one is the best by far!  Soups are fantastic, the vindaloo, rogan josh and curry dishes are awesome, and the drinks are reasonably priced.Best indian restaurant in Vegas IMO.
4	Went for the lunch buffet. Nice selection of dishes. Tasty food. Service was good. Mango lassi was delicious and a great portion compared to a lot of places. Would definitely come back.
2	Had their buffet on a Sunday between 11am to 3pm. The Indian food was mediocre and it tasted and looked like it was reheated from yesterday. And what's up with the quantity of chicken? There is a chicken tiki masala with barely any chicken! I had to scrape the tray to find any kinds of chicken.The chicken tandoori was the only thing that made the meal decent. The naan was okay too.The server was really nice and the place looked clean. But seriously the buffet was not worth it. Cook some new food daily and maybe you'll get more clients.
4	We had their buffet dinner on a Monday night.  There is a great Groupon deal for this place. For an extremely reasonable $17 (includes wine, beer, or lassi) you can gorge yourself on a large selection of dishes.  The samosas were extremely fresh even though we got there around 8:30 pm and they were close to closing.  They also brought more out while we where there.  Freshly baked naan is delivered to your table.  Dishes were very rich/greasy but let's face it, that's what we love about Indian food.  I thought there was a larger selection than most Indian buffets including the most amazingly delicious yellow dal I have ever had!!!!!  My mouth is watering right now.  Also, the only people there when we went were Indians
3	This place is not that great. We came here thinking the food will be as good as the Riviera location but it wasn't and actually made some people in our group sick. We came in for their lunch buffet on a Sunday expecting the same quality food as their other S. Vegas blvd restaurant. The goat curry was good and thats about the only thing I liked from here. The rest of the curries were mediocre and just tasted like the cooks just werent on their A game that day. I dont know if i would try them again. I think next time i'll just go to the India Masala in the Riviera.
3	I would put this as a 2.5 star joint. It's not like it was bad by any means.. but not a place where I see myself returning to anytime soon.First, I saw the groupon for this spot. This was the only Indian restaurant that accepts groupon for their buffets, as the others you can only use it for a la carte. But, the lunch buffet is only 9.99, and the groupon is only available for food.Walking in, the layout is pretty nice. Everything is very clean and well kept. After sitting down, I ordered a free mango lassi that is available with a yelp check in. Out of all the mango lassi's that I've had, India Masala probably makes my least favorite. I think the yogurt they were using was about to turn, because it had a sort of cheesy taste. Also, the mango flavor was too light. It tasted more like a lassi with mango, rather than a mango lassi.Onto the food. The selection here is quite small compared to most places. The only thing that I liked was the pakora, aka the vegetable fritters. They were crispy and well seasoned. The rest of the items were pretty bland, nothing really stood out. Also, the palek paneer was pretty gross. As for the naan, it was a little bit doughy on the inside.Delhi is still my go to place, followed by Mint. Since they are basically all the same price for their lunch menu, I think I'll stick to my favorites.
3	I've always has a genuine curiosity toward Indian food and this place didn't exactly kill my curiosity, but I did get my hands wet by trying food at this place. I went here when it just opened for dinner. We were the first customers to come in and the place was very clean and spacious. The staff greeted us kindly and sat us down. Our server got our drinks and let us be on our way to the buffet. The buffet didn't have as many selections as I was hoping, maybe a total of less than 20 dishes including the fruit and dessert. The food was hot and fresh, because they had just finished cooking it for dinner. The food itself was good with the selection given to us. You can also ask for naan bread from your server to eat with your meal, which I recommend. Their food was good, but nothing spectacular. Honestly, I can't even remember the dish names because of the unfamiliarity of Indian dishes, but they provided dishes that I would try again and at different places. The service was excellent and they took care of any problem we had, took away our dishes, filled our waters. Absolutely 0 complaints with service. Priced at around $17 for dinner, I found it a little pricy for what they provided. I would personally come in for a lunch buffet instead where it would be cheaper, but that's up to the person. I overall had a nice time here, I would just rather come in for lunch next time I go here.
5	amazing food and even better service- we ate here twice during our recent trip and have to say they are so friendly and the chicken masala was outstanding - I am only sorry they were closed when I broughtour son who was from Minneapolis visiting-we btw are from San Diego and I have been a huge indian food fan for a very long time, even cooking it. Thank you, we can't wait to come back just for the food
5	1 of the best Indian food I try... The fish tikka was sooo good and the garlic nan. I will come back here for sure !!!
2	My 2 stars are for the pleasant demeanor of the person who took our order.The food was below expectations. We ordered the bhindi masala which had absolutely no salt, yellow daal which wasn't good either. The chicken Tikka masala was eatable though.Also we ordered laccha paratha hoping to eat laccha paratha but it looked and tasted like butter nan.Also the service was extremely slow.Overall a disappointing experience. I would definately not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I had excellent Chicken Biryani, short and simple. The Chicken was tender, not dry, and the spice level was exactly what I asked for (medium). The service was very good as well. My Vegetarian dining companions had nothing but praise for their Masala Dosas as well.
1	Horrible place - they ran out of buffet items at 1:30 - then kept promising that they would come in 10 minutes for the next hour.
1	Worst indian Buffett in Las Vegas, empty trays, dry food, asked for refill, brought me 2 pcs of checken as replacements.. Never back again. I wished I took pics of buffet to show  the disaster, Nevada health distric needs to come investigate this place asap.
5	Second time I came with my wife and I want her to try the fish Teaka masala.So here again we enjoy this food so much and we'll definitely go back there again with the family, I personally love the garlic nan And the mango drink. They even give you this drink for free if you are from yelp, look for the promotion on their page.
2	We were craving Indian food after a night of clubbing and drinking, so our friends from Delhi recommended this place since he knew the owner. The food mostly gets cold by 2:45 pm and the lunch buffet closes at 3:30. But huge turn off was the curly black hair I found in my mouth... Wear hair nets, cooks! The manager/owner paaji is really sweet & innocent tho lol
2	First thing we noticed as soon as we entered into India Masala was that the restaurant was busy, and most customers were Indian. A good sign! Right?After we finished the lunch buffet, all we could say... mediocre at best.They have very limited selections, so we went with chicken curry and goat curry. The chicken curry was undercooked and watery. Naan was ok but rice was not.Also, the service was slow - I had to wave my hand to get the water, and the server even complained that they were too busy. Yeah, I could see that because Tandoori chicken tray was left empty for the entire period of our lunch time.If you think a limited selection and empty trays are the best way to maximize profit from a buffet deal, you won't be in this business long.Considering that there are many great Indian restaurants, including Delhi Indian Cuisine, India Palace and Mount Everest, I wouldn't recommend this place.
5	Came yesterday with my family to try this food... And they all love it !The service was good like always and the food of course. There is no other place for me to eat Indian food only India masala!
5	Excellent service and very good food. They were coming by our table every couple minutes to ask if we need refills or naan or anything else.They were very friendly to our kids too. Would definitely be back again.
