1	Mediocre Mexican food and they take forever!  This is a really small shack on Main Street.  A couple of friends insisted that we go there for lunch and it took over two hours.  Everything took way too long - it took them an inordinately long time to take the order, get the food and even get us the bill so we could leave.  Once we got the food - about an hour after we got there - the food was completely bland.  About the same quality as your average Mexican chain.  Avoid at all costs.
4	Very good Mexican in a super-quaint location...very non-Vegas.  They've been there 75+ years.  Seats about 30.  Good people.
1	I have tried to eat here twice. Both times I sat down and then was totally ignored, no water, no chips, not even a hello. The first time I was ignored for 15 minutes and the second for 10 minutes.  As a single women eating alone I understand the server probably thought the tip would be small so wanted to serve the larger tables first but jeez at least say "I'll be with you in a minute". I walked out both times.
1	This place looks kind of classic, and like it might be good since it's tucked away near fremont, and it was recommended to me by a local, but I just didn't get this place.  I found it substandard and fatty.  The meat did taste freshly killed, but I wasn't feelin' it.
4	Best guac I have had in Las Vegas! Tiny place that was built into a crevice on Main Street, south of downtown. Only about 10 tables, and the menu is compact, but with a good variety of the usual south of the border fare. Prices are very reasonable, everything I have tasted here is very good, and I will always return when I need a fix of their fantastic guacamole!OLE!
4	This is one of those places that has been around for forever (1950's).The food is delicious. Try the Chili Verde; mmmmmm! The food here is made from scratch, not Mexican from a can. You can tell that there is attention made to the quality of the food served here.Yes, it's out-of-the-way; but you know what?; sometimes the best places are! This is one of those best kept secret places.The service is attentive and the food is very good.Go here for lunch; you'll be back!
4	Yelp is usually spot on about places so I had been pretty leery about trying a place with such low ratings ! With my coworker's enthusiastic love of this place, I decided to give it a go - and now I can say for sure, Yelp is wrong !Atmosphere: Ok so there isn't any, but I'm ok with that. It seemed clean, it's cozy, whatever. It's a hole in the wall.Service: Extremely fast and pleasant at that. The waitress was chatty and nice. Absolutely nothing negative to say about our service. In and out of there in 30 minutes flat ! Food: Fantastic! I had never had good chile verde before , but in case you're looking for the best in Vegas - this is where to find it. Think a light delicious meaty broth with sweet delicious chiles floating around. Think TONS of succulent soft, tender pork . Think the most filling bowl of $8 goodness you'll ever find. Sorry Pho, but this "soup" is tastier than any bowl of Pho I've had in my life ! Overall -I'll be back! Don't let the low Yelp ratings scare you off. Apparently they didn't order the chile verde.
5	Hands down best Chili Verde I have ever had!!  This place is a hole in the wall, somewhat seedy area, but it has been there forever and for good reason.  Home made salsa, quick service, delicious home made mexican food, serioulsy comparable to food in Mexico.  I have not tried the menudo but I hear it is also amazing, again my go to is a bowl of chili verde for $8 you really can't beat it!! Despite the negative reviews the service there has always been quick and attentive, give this place a try it's delicious!!
4	This is what I expect from a classic Mexican cafe. The atmosphere is great and the food superior. It's a rare occasion when I visit Las Vegas and don't eat at least once at the El Sombrero. Everything on the menu is good -- I especially like the chile verde -- and the people are always friendly and helpful. The downside -- its location, while once probably a plus, is not very convenient. Parking is difficult and there really isn't much of it, meaning it's usually full at lunch. But believe me, these are minor annoyances. If you've never been, don't miss out on this great place. I know I'll keep coming back as long as they keep serving up the great food.
5	Absolutely love this Mexican restaurant.  This is the place to go for homemade food.  They have two salsas, I prefer the very spicy  salsa and the rest of family prefers the chunky salsa.  I love the enchilada's with red sauce.  If you save room for dessert they make great sopapillas with honey and butter, delicious!!!  Theresa always makes us feel like family when we go.
5	Thanks to you Yelpers for your reviews.  I had driven or ridden by this place several times (don't drink and drive, kids, unless you're very good at it) and wondered whether it would be worth stopping by.  After reading the reviews, I decided to give it a shot.I arrived at 11:30 on a Saturday morning.  It smelled WONDERFUL.  Three or four tables were occupied, and it was evident that all of the patrons and the waitress knew each other.  A middle-aged man could be seen cooking in the kitchen.  I ordered a Pacifico and a pork burrito smothered with chili verde.  The friendly waitress brought back my Pacifico and chips with two types of salsa.  I expected the smooth, red salsa to taste like tomato paste; much to my surprise, it had a complex flavor and tasted fabulous.  I could drink this shit, I'm telling you.The pork burrito arrived - it was simple and filling.  The chili verde was outstanding.  Probably should have just had a bowl of chili verde instead...oh well.The waitress was totaling up my tab and preparing to drop it on my table.  NOT SO FAST, MY FRIEND!  It's time for some dessert.  I read an article somewhere about their sopapillas, so I decided to go with an order for $5.The sopapillas quickly arrived in a basket...and there were seven of them.  I can mow down grub with the best of them, but I am NOT eating seven sopapillas.  These were heavenly, words cannot express their goodness.  I tore off a corner and filled the first sopapilla with a slab of butter and some honey, and sprinkled some cinnamon on top.   Fabulous.  Just fabulous.  You have not eaten a sopapilla until you've eaten them at El Sombrero.I got through three of them, and would've eaten more if I could.  The waitress seemed slightly chagrined that I didn't eat more.The sopapillas take this spot from four to five stars.When I return to The Hat (and I will), I will bring people with me so we can finish the sopapillas.
3	Great great chili verde. Pork Chili verde is one of my favorite dishes and the family owned El Sombrero knows a distinctly incredible mouth watering recipe. The rest of the menu is pretty authentic, but not entirely...The service is very very casual (which isn't necessarily a bad thing), and since it's beer and wine only, the wine margarita is pretty laughable, but it is $4 (nothing to complain about). But they do serve some great Mexican Beers, and their Salsas are wonderful!You might miss it It's a tiny square of a restaurant, and as my old roommate loved to say,"You have to pass Gas to get there!" (Gas St.)If you become a regular they will keep a little reserved sign at your special booth when you come in ; D
2	I had some business dowtown (not court or jail) so I thought I would give this a try.  Stopped by at about 12:30 and the parking lot was full.  This place is a in a tiny little run down building.  I loved the sign on the door that said "to open push hard."  We are not in summerlin anymore...So after pushing hard on the door to get in - the place was packed!  One table left, now I can see why the guy that pulled in behind us practically ran us over to get in here first!  He wanted to get a table!It is a tiny square dining room, with maybe 30 people in  it.  There is no atmosphere here - and with out the advice from Yelpers I would probably not stop in.  Sometimes I can't tell if the restaurant is a quaint mom and pop joint with some charm or if the owners are too cheap to update the place???The food was about average.  Shredded beef enchilada and a chili rellano.  The only thing that stood out was the sauce - everything else was ok.A friend had a beef burrito with green chili as a combo.  The burrito was sorta small with a dash of green chili sauce.  Disappointing for a $13 lunch special.I saw a taco on the plate of another customer and it was a store bought taco bell like taco shell.  Not impressed.Overall - food was okay.  The service was okay.  The place is a dump.2 lunch specials for $28.50...hmmmm.  I would rather eat at Roberto's and spend less money.
5	A co-worker introduced me to "The Hat" and I immediately fell in love.  Very authentic, hole in the wall Mexican restaurant like I'm used to in AZ.  The owners are there everyday along with one server, so it's very intimate, and I've always experienced great and decently fast service.  The Pork Chili Verde is to die for and I'm a huge fan of their nachos.. not your normal mountain of chips with ingredients tossed on top.  Taco salad is marginal - but what was I doing trying to order a salad here anyway??  Burritos are good and a perfect size; not too big that I usually run into.  I'm going back asap for the sopapillas!
5	We've been here five months spending time and money seeking a Mexican restaurant. This. Is. It.For Tejanos, there are no migas, no fajitas, no beefy chile rellenos. But the core cuisine is here. 50 years authentic.They serve Jarritos; they have menudo, lengua, fideo, etc.They have sopapillos del cielo! Con angeles cantandos! It is quietly outstanding; muy sabroso. Vamonos!
4	Located on Main Street just a couple of blocks north of Charleston Boulevard, in what I've heard a second-rate TV celebrity refer to as "the sketchiest neigborhood," El Sombrero Cafe is a bonafide Las Vegas institution, with a provenance that goes back to 1950. Across the street is the always-interesting Gambler's General Store, and just down the block sits the Opportunity Village Thrift Store and The Attic.El Sombrero Cafe is a little place, with only about a dozen tables & booths wedged into a single dining room accessed through a door that's actually smaller than the one on the front of my own home. On today's visit, the place was so busy that the Princess & I had to be seated at the staff table, the TV-tray-sized table at the back of the dining room near the kitchen door, where the waitresses usually keep the stacks of menus & pitchers of water & soft drinks. No one seemed to mind the handwritten sign on the door stating that their credit-card machine was down and they could only accept cash.This is normal, as the El Sombrero Cafe does the majority of its business nowadays with the noontime lunch crowd from the downtown legal district. I would recommend coming here after 1 o'clock to avoid the rush. Full disclosure: I have never been here for dinner. The "sketchy" neighborhood encourages daylight visits. In fact, I don't think this place is open at night.I have previously written about the merits of comfort food. And El Sombrero Cafe represents one of the best comfort food bargains in Las Vegas. The Princess has declared it her favorite place for feeding her craving for the simple burrito (i.e., meat, lettuce & cheese bundled in a tortilla). I prefer the combo plates that are available for about $10.The food is here is uniformly delicious and shows what can be done when simple recipes are executed with real expertise and care. For example, my taco was generously filled with perfectly-cooked spicy ground beef (properly drained of fat so that the shell stays crunchy), the shredded lettuce was fresh and crisp, and the grated cheese was creamy and tasty -- not that processed crap I've been served at lesser eateries.And the service at El Sombrero Cafe is also uniformly excellent. Two waitresses glide through crowded dining room, keeping drinks filled and refilling chip bowls so that everyone can keep gorging on their delicious salsas. Adding to the homey atmosphere is the fact that, every time I've been here, people are constantly waving & saying hello to each other from table to table. (Anecdote: at the table next to ours, a newly-paroled former local politician was sharing prison stories with some lawyer buddies, and I shamelessly eavesdropped all through my lunch.)While the fixtures here are bareboned, the walls are festooned with celebrity pictures, and one can spend their waiting time checking out all the signed portraits. These are not mere decoration. Their sheer number bespeaks the landmark status of El Sombrero Cafe. Above our little table hung a photo of Kenny Rogers, standing in the kitchen with the chef and a busboy, with a scrawled inscription extolling his love of the place.Our total bill for 2 lunch plates, soft-drinks, and an endless amount of chips & salsa: $26 plus tip. A bargain, considering the quality, the atmosphere, and the entertainment.Lest you think that my opinion of this place is entirely idiosyncratic (and the evidence of the always-crowded lunch hour isn't enough), John Curtas's excellent review of El Sombrero Cafe can be found here.To round out a perfect lunchtime visit to downtown, head over to Luv-it Custard for dessert -- unless, that is, you haven't already stuffed yourself with El Sombrero Cafe's excellent sopapillas.
4	Classic New Mexico roadside comfort food at it's purest. Open the door, step back in time, and enjoy a slice of New Mexican pride. Pork chile verde and beef chile Colorado rock the house. Wet slow simmered pork burritos with that green chile sauce is full of love. The sopapillas are hard to beat. I wish my mother would have washed my mouth out with these sopapillas instead of plain soap. The 2 dishes of tableside salsa are vastly different from each other and both delish. One looks pretty tomato saucy, but don't judge that book by it's cover-it's bursting with flavor. I have seen orders of nachos (which I rarely order) that look amazing...but have not tried them. Nothing else like it in Vegas.
5	Made a return visit for the chili verde.  Wow.  It's just a big bowl o' love.It's better than sex.It's even better than good sex.My even thinking this means that I'm old.  But still.
3	I stopped in for dinner tonight.  I could find the place because it was still light.  When people say it's a small place, they aren't wrong.  I counted 14 tables - 6 booths each seating up to 4, 7 tables each seating up to 4, and one table seating 2.  I had the pork chili verde with beans and rice and corn tortillas.  Standard chips and salsa--the salsa having some great zing to it!  The chili verde was good.  I used a fair amount of Tapatio to give the cili verde some zest.For dessert, I had some flan which was a great custard with caramel sauce that was quite tasty.This place was OK, but it wouldn't be my first go to place when I wanted some Mexican food.
4	El Sombrero, AKA The Hat is a downtown Las Vegas classic. On any given weekday lunch you can run into local politicians, pig farmers, attorneys, newscasters or entertainment performers (I've seen all the above, not on the same trip). It's tiny so get there early - limited seating. You're not going to get the best service or Mexican food you've ever had but it's damn good. It could use a real good scrub down in there, but it's your typical local small diner - Mexican food style.I've had a variety of menu items - combo meals with tacos, tamales or enchiladas, burritos, chili verde. All good, all worthy of a reorder.I will be returning. This is my favorite spot to eat when I have to come to the courthouse or I have Jury Duty :(.
4	Some self proclaimed food critic wrote that they closed, far from it.The best authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas. The jewel of Downtown.They been there in since the mid 40's.  Make it a point to visit them soon.......
1	Hate to say it but the El Sombrero we once loved to visit is no more.  My wife's salad was obviously old lettuce.  My wife's dinner of an enchilada, taco, beans and rice was awful in every way.  The enchilada was dried out, the taco meat was cool, the beans tasted spoiled and the rice had obviously either been in a pan overcooking all day, or just simply old rice that was reheated.  I had the same meal, regrettably, except I ordered a chile relleno as well.  Other than the relleno, which was average at best, my meal was equally bad.  Sorry to say, this is one restaurant whose time appears to have gone.  In ten plus years eating here, it has never been bad except this recent vist.Notably, I did not see the familiar faces of the ladies who we've seen so many times in the past.  Maybe the restaurant was sold/changed hands.  Whatever the reason, I will not recommend this place again.  :(
5	This place is super old, in their original building downtown since the 1940s, so they get 2 stars for that already (I love downtown). As you might expect, the inside is pretty divey, with worn out booths and menus with tons of typos underneath the table glass. The chile verde is delicious, as advertised, and so are the sopapillas. 2 more stars.Best of all, we came in with our 4-month old daughter and the waitress/manager/owner said, "Let me hold her while you eat," and proceeded to walk our baby around the restaurant to visit the other patrons. Free babysitter?? That's worth an extra star right there!Prices are not as cheap as you might expect - $10 for a lunch special or ~$12 for the dinner special.
4	This place is awesome! Anything that has been in Vegas longer then I have is pretty impressive. I took Anthony Bourdain to eat here. Ya that's right, name droppin'! He loved it as much as I do. Prices have gone up a bit over the years though, but still worth it.
1	PROS:Polite ServiceOriginal Building from the 1940's...CONS:PLACE looks like it's closed, dark, small (which is fine), and horrible lighting.SUB PAR is a nice word to describe there food - My friend had the #3 and the burrito was bland; salty chicken wrapped in a wet tortilla.TACOS-  a step up from taco bell. You're choice of meet is ground beef, shredded beef and chicken. What happened to Carne Asada and Al Pastor or the typical cilantro, onion & lime? You get copious amounts of lettuce, sprinkle of tomato and cheese, all Americanized.RICE- are you kidding me?!! it's boxed rice...that is NOT actual rice, it's boxed and  every spoonful is a taste of the over seasoned, MSG, sodium laden, processed product.BEANS- have some flavor but very dry, I've tasted better.SALSA- we had two salsa's. The one that I am assuming is supposed to Pico de gallo looks discolored and old..the taste, like stewed tomatoes with cracked pepper. The second, assuming salsa roja, tasted like canned crushed tomatoes. There was no flavor and would be closely compared to a spicy marinara sauce.CHILE VERDE- not sure where to start here. I am guessing people who ate this were hung over or haven't developed their palate yet. Everything is over priced for, I hate to write this, below mediocre food. C'mon, one serving of chips? I don't blame them, I wouldn't order a second. Only one refill on a flat cup of soda...no thanks. LOL, and MARKET PRICE for a LEMON? SERIOUSLY?! I see there are loyal followers but then again, if you haven't had anything else...you wouldn't know any better. I wouldn't suggest this to any one and the food isn't that great. We were caught in wanting to leave and just giving this a chance. We should of left.
2	I've passed this place several times on my walk & I just happened to have skipped breakfast and was hungry around lunch time & found myself across the street & decided to give it a try. I didnt even look at the menu & ordered a Chicken Burrito To-Go & it came to $8. I was a little surprised at the price but went with it hoping for the best. It was lunch time and most of the tables in the small dining room were occupied with what looked like Business people from DownTown. I was offered a seat to wait for my order but probably moreso to be out of the way of the waitress as this place is very small & compact.As I waited I looked at the signed pictures on the wall = Penn & Teller, Ray Charles, Freddie Fender, and alot I didnt know. I didnt have to wait very long and was asked if I wanted some chips & salsa to take with me and I initially declined but the nice waitress sold me saying "Its all fresh & Homemade" I ate the chips on the way home and they were as advertised = very lite with a little salt and the red ones were very good.When I got home I was very disappointed in what I had got for my $8. The burrito was good enough but only a medium sized portion compared to Roberto's or the other Mexican place I have reviewed here which sell bigger & better for $5. In hindsight I should have had lunch there and ordered a special from the menu, which is what I will do next time I'm hungry & in the area.The place was almost full so they must be doing something right.
4	We had a lot things to get done in Downtown on a Saturday - and ended up starving at about 3 PM.  As usual, our conversation about where to go eat was taking place in a decision-making void.  "What do you want?" "I don't know", "Dona Maria's?", "um", "Chicago Joe's?", "eh"...we had just about given up and were headed back to the 'burbs when we passed Main.  "El Sombrero?"YES!We had first tried El Sombrero when we first moved to Vegas from LA about 9 years ago.  At the time, although I LOVED the building and the history, I found the food didn't live up to my LA-grown Mexican food snobbery. Nine years later, I think I've changed my mind.  As we poured over the menu, the waitress (pretty sure the owner) graciously said we could still order off of the lunch menu, even though we were late for it.  Nice.  She also suggested a whole bunch of combos when she found out that we don't eat pork or beef as a rule.  They don't have much (or any?) vegan dishes, so I broke my 7 month moratorium on meat and splurged on a chicken taco / cheese enchilada combination.  The taco, although served in a hard shell, tasted great.  The beans were top notch too. The enchilada sauce had almost a cinnamon flavoring to it I couldn't quite place. Pretty different to any other enchilada sauce I have had - and after reading other Yelp reviews I think I know why.  My palate was an LA palate that hadn't been exposed to much New Mexico style food, so I initially judged it harshly due to my inexperience. (tsk, tsk)  Lesson learned.The service was kind and welcoming, the ancient building kept immaculately clean on the interior.  Loved everything about this place.
4	Have been coming here since I was a kid (40 yrs basically).  So I have a natural love for this place just due to the memories.  The food is still good but not the best in town, but much better then most, hands down.  What truely bothers me is how early they close in the evening now-a-days.  I understand they make their money during the lunch hours, but on weekend I have pulled in there before 8 and they have been closed.  People who give it one or two stars...well ..you probably are never happy with anything
3	My favorite lunch spot downtown. The place aint pretty but the food is good.
5	I live in LA.  But I used to live in Las Vegas.  The red salsa here is THE BEST IN THE WORLD,   My wife and I visit Vegas JUST TO TAKE THE SALSA HOME!  The food is simple, clean and PERFECT!  The atmosphere hasn't changed in 40 years. It is the perfect hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  Theresa is the timeless hostess. And Juan is the kink of Mexican cooking.  They have never sought to expand or commercialize...and they are AUTHENTIC!
5	Great Little hole in the wall place. clean and friendly.
1	Why has it taken me so long to eat at El Sombrero?!?!?! I told the owner while eating there that I can't believe I am from las Vegas (we wont get into how many decades tee hee) and have never eaten here! Well, I think I was more into the historic meaning and longest running Mexican restaurant. I set the bar too high. I did however give a try to this mom & pop establishment. The woman who said she was the owner (theresa) was actually rude. She made comments I couldn't believe. A little girl was calling her name to tell her good by and to thank her for the food and she ignored her only finally to tell her "I'm busy not now". I was heartbroken for the little girl. The place is very small inside. They have booths along the walls and tables in the middle. I would recommend calling before heading down because they aren't open every night. In fact, they are open nights on Friday and Saturday and it is just until 9 pm. We started with a "Cheese Quesadilla". So simple yet so overpriced.She also brought us some chips and 2 kinds of salsas. I have to admit, the salsa wasn't the best. I ordered a combo platter that had a "Cheese Enchilada with Onions" and a "Guacamole Tostada" which also came with the normal beans and rice. These beans weren't normal though they are thick not runny and I would like that if they just had so,e flavor. I asked for my Enchilada to be made with a flour tortilla and it was big and very yummy. The guacamole was not fresh and frozen. I don't know if that is a regular thing or if she was out of avocados. Gross. The other 2 in my group enjoyed there meals too but, agreed the salsa and rice could use some help. The rice seemed like it was leftover and re-heated. Very dry.We capped the night off with some "Sopapillas and Honey". This by far was the best part of the night. Meals range from $10 and up. They have a Beer and Wine liquor license so if you order a margarita it will be made with wine.I don't plan on visiting here again anytime soon. This is noted as the oldest Mexican restaurant in Vegas. There are certain tables that have "reserved" on them for local lawyers such as Richard Harris and a few others who escape up to 3 times a week from their downtown office to have some lunch or even conduct a business meeting.
5	Super legit. Chips and salsa were good (salsa wasn't good, it was great).  Ordered the chili verde burrito and my wife got the carne asada. So good. I ate my leftover (nice, big portions) chili verde burrito for breakfast this morning. I'm usually a cereal guy, so what does that tell you.Headed back home to Wisconsin now, where the Mexican food mostly sucks. Will be dreaming of quick service in a clean little restaurant called El Sombrero.
3	Take a pass.Eh, with all the Mexican food restaurants in the area, this one is worth taking a pass on and going somewhere else (not that the food is any better, just nothing special about El Sombrero in comparison).  The seating is limited, the parking is terrible, and the food is not worth making a trip here.  I will not be coming back here again.
3	So I have lived in San Diego for 15 of the lat 17 years.  Therefore I have experienced excellent Mexican food on every corner.  Tried El Sombrero for the first time and It was  good for non-border mexican food.   For some reason I love the sign telling taxi cabs where to drop off passengers. I just can't see someone taking a cab there.  It just isn't that good.What is good?  The service is great!  The chips and salsa are plentiful and not stale.  One salsa is spicy and the other on the sweet side.The Camerones had good flavor but way too much sauce.  The shrimp were fresh and large but slightly tough.My biggest complaints are the flour tortillas which were stale and possibly even packaged.  Also the rice and beans were bland.We had a good meal but it didn't knock my socks off.
5	Hands down THE BEST Mexican food in Vegas.  We've been regulars for years.The food, prices and service can't be matched anywhere in town.  I love the cheese and onion enchiladas !!  The salsa was so good we bought some to take home. I've seen many of a Limo driver wait out front as their fares dined.  Granted the location is scary and the parking lot only holds a few cars but those are the only negatives.  We come here to dine.  Now remember this place was built in the 50's.  Nothing fancy here.  If you want ambiance go elsewhere. This place in not for the snooty.  If you want a delicious meal, you're in the right place.For all the negative reviews, to each their own.  I, for one, am glad you won't return because that leaves more room for us regulars that enjoy REAL Mexican fare.Mucho Gracias El Sombrero !!
5	A $13 steak as good as some $50 steaks I've had.
2	Let's see.....Apparently, this place is a pretty big deal in the downtown area of Vegas. Mostly within the legal field due to its location by the court house and all the law offices. Was invited to El Sombrero for lunch with some coworkers and figured, well, why not. Pulling in, I thought maybe, just MAYBE we were cutting through  a parking lot as a shortcut to El Sombrero ......nope. Parking lot is tiny and creepy. This is a door ding, side swipe and car theft area of high risk! Luckily, i wasn't the one driving. Finally, we make it out of the car and into the restaurant....During lunch hour on a weekday and of course the place is super busy, however, we manage to get seated within minutes. The place was hot (as in humid and no air conditioner) and service was very slow. The server was friendly and helpful in answering our menu questions. The items are all simple mexican dishes but for some reason priced pretty high. I ordered tacos and exactly like some of the other Yelp reviews mentioned, I got hard shell tacos with ground beef?? Seriously?! Someone in my group ordered Enchiladas and they were super runny, almost as if they used pre-made canned sauce that you purchase at Food-4-Less....Was not impressed AT ALL.I would say this place needs improvements on their menu items, and/or lower prices. The clientele is there, they need to make some changes before Dona  Maria's and Casa Don Juan takes over.
3	The last time I came here the food was out of this world. Not so much this time. I ordered the #3 and was way way overpriced at $13. It should have been more like $7. Everything tasted stale and old, nothing was hot. It's prob been sitting there all day and was microwaved. The chips and salsa I was served were guess what stale. The only good thing was the strawberry soda jarritos
4	I don't know how this escaped my Yelp radar. I have been going here for years on and off. Maybe my rating should be a 5, hmm, okay 4.5.The quality of the food, the service, the value, and the ambiance is always consistently very good. What I like is the owner remembers me to boot, and she always speaks Spanish with me. THIS IS THAT LOCAL DIVE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR ... Yep, that's in caps for a reason. It's been owned by a husband/cook and wife/waitress/cashier for years. Just check out their lovely photos on the wall as you enter/exit. In a city marked by transiency and inconsistency in so many facets, this is that reliable restaurant that is consistent. I ordered Chile Rellenos - should I be so excited that I every time I order it and chow down, it's great? It is. I am. But before then, the fresh chips just kept coming, the drink refills were there, and an appetizer with guacamole just added to our selection of dips already provided. My friend, another long time patron, loves it as well. Although I forget exactly what he ordered, two items, the main entree, the flour and corn tortillas, all very good. So, having dined here at a minimum two dozen times over the years, yeah, this is the place you should go.If there is a downside, that area of downtown is sometimes sketchy, and parking is sometimes difficult - be careful about lunchtime, and once inside, it's a little like a German beer hall. Be prepared to practically sit in someone else's lap - it's that close. But these issues also lend themselves to the experience.
5	Love the tacos!  This is a really small restaurant though with only about 12 - 14 tables.  You need to get there about 11:50am for lunch to ensure you get a table, otherwise you're waiting, and they don't have a waiting area so your either getting hit in the back by the door or waiting outside in the heat/cold.
5	This tiny little if-you-blink-you-miss-it restaurant has some of the most amazing Mexican food!! I've been coming with friends and co-workers off and on for years but am only now writing a review. From the friendly, quick and attentive service, to the best salsa I've ever had, this place would get more than 5 stars from me if possible. You won't be disappointed!!!
4	Authentic Mexican food with plenty of parking at their private parking lot. I arrived just after noon for lunch and the dinning room was full of patrons.I went with the chili verde burrito which came with beans, rice and salad. The burrito was unique BC it contain pieces of strips of green chilies and delish tender pork. The sides, chips and salsa were also yummy.I gathered from the way the family greeted the clients that this is definitely a locals joint and and the owners appreciated the support with a number of signs - Thanking clients for their support!I'll definitely be returning.
4	Authentic Mexican food. Great place for locals to find some of the best Mexican food in Las Vegas. A frequent spot for lunch.
1	After hearing all the hype I made a concerted effort to hit sombrero when I came to town. Won't ever know what it's like...it closed early the night I went. A legacy means nothing if the establishment isn't open during its posted business hours. Little respect for patrons.
1	Cute place. But way over priced with poor quality food. Huevos Rancheros $10 with uncooked retried beans and cold dark red pasty rice.
4	This is one of those bits of Las Vegas that seems to have somehow been spared by the cultural tornado we create by imploding any establishment with more than 2 coats of paint on it. When you walk in, you are transported to a neighborhood spot somewhere in north Mexico. The service is always friendly, if not fast & the jukebox hasn't changed much since my first visit here, in 1991. This has been the spot since before I was born & will still be killing it with their cheese enchiladas well after I go. This is a fun alternative to Ricardo's. Go on! Get your history on!
4	A lifelong Las Vegas resident and friend brought me there. Honestly I would have never just pulled up and went in. Just looked like a local Local's place. Not on the main tourist drive.OK, could not have been more wrong! In business since 1950 (yes I was alive). Same family, great tradition and even better, great homemade Mexican food. All I can say is when someone visits us, there are place we make sure we take them. Our list just grew by one! :- )Good food, good service and you get to support a family that helped mold our great city by feeding the stars who's pictures are on the walls.
3	Place is decent.  What attracted me was the sketchy area it resides.  I walked from downtown Vegas to the strip.  And for those that know what I'm talking about, you will get hungry, right?I stopped in and I was immediately greeted with a sign that "restrooms are only for customers" which was cool, I was gonna eat, something.  I use the restroom, all while be stared down.  I head to the bar, grab a beer and some chips.  So far, so good.Place seems full of locals, something I love about Vegas and the locals, you can just sense it.Food was decent, chips were perfect and the owner(pretty sure it was) was cool guy.  They were pretty busy on a week day afternoon, and the prices are very affordable.Nothing really stood out, but the chicken was seasoned perfectly and the salsa was good.  Would I make a special trip to hit this place in Vegas while visiting? Probably not, but I sure as shi$t would if I was walking from Freemont to Hard Rock. lol
4	Love this place I haven't had anything that I did not like. My hubby is very picky and this is a must stop every time we travel to Las Vegas! Family owned original establishment with food cooked just like at home.
5	This food is amazing will definitely be back for some more. I had the chile Colorado burrito looked so good got right to it and forgot to take a picture.
1	The food was awful. The beans and rice were old and reheated. My fajitas were cheap poorly cooked sliced chuck steak. Immediately after we finished, we were asked to give up the table. This place should close. It totally blows chunks!!!!
4	Adios, El Sombrero.After 66 years, this longtime downtown eatery is closing its doors, so we decided to stop in for one final meal. We got there a little before 1 on Tuesday, and the waiter told us we would be the last customers of the day because they ran out of food! Good news for us, but bad news for the dozen or so customers who came in after us. One of those groups instead asked for a carry-out order of chips and salsa, and the waiter scrambled to comply; these were obviously longtime customers, and they said they'd be back later in the week for a complete meal.Most times I've eaten here, I've had the taco and chile relleno combo plate, so I decided to stick with tradition. The relleno was as good as I remembered it, and the taco was even better. My husband had a beef taco and a chicken burrito; both were equally good.Service was good with quick refills, which was appreciated because it would be easy to slack off when you have only days left on the job. It seemed like everyone in the restaurant was a longtime customer, and while there was an air of sadness due to the imminent closure, it was clear everyone was enjoying their "last meal."El Sombrero wasn't my favorite downtown Mexican restaurant -- that would be Casa Don Juan -- but it will be missed. Sorry to see another Vegas tradition bite the dust!
5	Sorry you will be closing! Thanks for the memories! Maybe you can come by and make a toy! :- )
4	This was an iconic Las Vegas diner for over 60 years and it was a link to our city's past.  It will be missed.
4	So sorry to hear this Las Vegas Classic has closed. A piece of local history is gone, and with it a connection to the family that kept this eatery a place with heart for more than half a century.To the owners, best wishes to a well-earned rest. My sympathy to all the loyal locals who will no longer be able to enjoy this special place.
5	We just had a wonderful, delicious and authentic Mexican meal here and we couldn't be more pleased. Understanding that this is a new reboot in an old classic establishment, the interior threw us as compared to the outside, which is fairly simple. Inside was beautiful! Sparkling new and charming. But really, the food! That's what we came for and it was top-shelf quality! Service was lovely. We left completely satisfied and full of their good, good food. When we come back, we will be sure to return!
