5	Fish tacos are good here and definitely worth trying.The chile relleno burrito is the best I've had from any mexican fast food joint I've been to; filiberto's, aliberto's, losbetos (tucson), nico's (tucson)
5	Definitely the best mexican food in az soo far everything you get Is good!You cant really pick a favorite dish everything they make is good.It is always jam packed but it is well worth the wait :)
5	We ate here on a whim after dropping a friend off nearby. Holy Cripes! It was very good. Tastes like the homemade food your mexican friend's mom makes. I tried the fish taco combo ($5.99) and couldn't finish the entire plate. My girlfriend had the green chile beef burrito and enjoyed it. Said it reminded her of her mom's cooking (hence the reference to the mexican friend's mom's cooking). Blink and you'll drive past it. Awesome!
5	ERMAHGERD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This INCREDIBLE source of Mexican has been right under my nose for years, and I just tried it for the first time last week! So far the Carnitas are the best in the 480 - at least. I can't not order the Steak, egg, sausage, and cheese burrito also... yes, you heard me.. not just steak egg and cheese.. it's.... ALSO GOT SAUSAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not greasy! High quality meats! I'll probably be having my 3rd meal this week from Taquitos Jalisco super soon, and I'll try a few more items. This destroys all other "to's" places. Wow, just WOW!
5	Places like this are USUALLY a dime a dozen in Mesa, not this place. Best authentic Mexican food around, no joke! If you don't like it, I'll buy your meal!
5	My favorite go to place for Mexican food!! Awesome food, awesome prices!
5	Good food, fresh and fast with friendly service.  What else is there to say.  A regular stop.  If you haven't tried it you should.  I have had all kinds of different things on the menu and everything was great.
5	Best mexican fast food in the Mesa area that I've found so far.  I personally find their crunchy tacos are more well seasoned then their traditional soft tacos. Which is a little weird; but I imagine, they're more popular anyways.  They have the best fast food enchiladas I've ever tasted hands down! I also have had the chile relleno which was a little too coated.  I think there was more batter than chile relleno and they didn't deseed the chile so it was mega hot; but still tasty. Also had the beef sope, which was good, but I found out I'm not a huge fan of lots of masa.  Their pastor tacos were a little dry and not completely trimmed of fat, so watch out.. Similar situation with their steak and chicken soft tacos--dry meat. But for $1 a taco, you can't really complain.  The soft tacos are the size of street tacos but loaded with meat.  The crunchy are your normal size and are a little more expensive.  Their rice is pretty exceptional since it has chunks of carrot in it and their refried beans are not that bad either.  For some odd reason, when we've had leftovers, they're better the second day.  I'm guessing it's because it was fresh when we got it.They've got a drive thru which is pretty nifty.  We did eat in one time but I ended up being the only female there and was pretty uncomfortable until some other gals walked in.  The neighborhood's a little rough but it still could be worth going in for their salsa bar which includes an avocado salsa and limes--they have to go containers for their salsa bar.
5	I have been going to Taquitos Jalisco for several years. I have introduced my friends and family to them and we all love it. All I can suggest is that you bring a wheel chair with you to the restaurant because they spare no expense on the portions! You may need to be wheeled out to your car...
4	If you are in the mood for quick, authentic and delicious Mexican street food, this place deserves a visit! The mixed asada and pastor tacos served with a whole grilled onion are terrific. The meat in the tacos is crispy, which is reminiscent of push cart vendors in Mexico. I swear the quesadillas are made with home made flour tortillas and the cheese is authentic gritty queso quesadilla. Oh, and the little salsa bar has a variety of tasty salsa's with which to drench your tacos. Definitely will be back. If you are in Mesa, give them a try!
4	The two things that keep this very good mexican restaurant from graduating from Arizona mex to authentic Mexican food are gringo cheese instead of Mexican queso & limones along side the yellow lemons on the salsa bar. These two things & using bag-in-the-box instead of brewed iced tea prevent me from giving it more than a 4 star rating.The chili in the chili relleno was excellent. With queso panela, Chihuahua, or Oaxaca it would be stupendous. The four salsas were all very good to excellent.If I were in the neighborhood limited on time, I wouldn't hesitate to eat here, otherwise i'd head to the Taquitos Jalisco on Gilbert Rd.  It's the real deal. If you're at the Gilbert restaurant & feeling adventurous, try their birria (shredded goat stew). It's to die for.
5	My new favorite Mexican restaurant.  I have been to the other Taquitos Jalisco many times on Gilbert road, I like that place a lot, but this is even better.  The food is fresh and delicious... The salsa you get with the chips and salsa is probably the best I have ever had.  Can't say enough good things about this restaurant.
5	Best Mexican food in the area! The Carnitas tacos are amazing! The taquitos aren't super greasy! And the fish taco was awesome!! Def my go to Mexican place!
5	5 stars for the best lenqua salad bowl from a drive through run down looking taco joint.  I ate the whole fried corn bowl with a coating of the best loaded with lard frijoles.  If you don't know what lenqua is, then you won't like this place as it is made for vatos like me.  Wait, I just remembered I'm Asian but this food makes me wanna be a low rider looking for some great comfort Mexican food.  The salad, lenqua and the sauces were excellent.
5	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mark R., Robyn N., Norm R. and Mike C.  It's a little place but stylishly decorated and the prices are very reasonable.  I went with a Chile Relleno Lunch Special, which includes a cheese enchilada and a hard taco and a drink for $5.99, & added Refried Beans & Spanish Rice for $1.99.Every bite of this meal was super good & I can't wait to return & try other items from the menu!     :-))
5	When Rand H. told me that our lunch group was having a UYE here, I looked up the yelp reviews for the place and decided that I *must* go. And I'm glad I did! I had the fish, chicken, and carnitas tacos - all really good, especially the carnitas where the pork was slightly crispy, the way I like it. I also ordered a chile relleno and it was the best I've ever had - so flavorful and tasty that I easily finished it even though I already felt full after eating the tacos. This place is quite a distance from where I live but I definitely wouldn't mind coming here again and again; it's certainly worth the drive.
4	Went with a large group from work. Excellent food. Low cost. I think everyone enjoyed their food. Only complaint I would have was that the carrot and jalapeno mix at the condiment bar was not very spicy at all. Would go back for lunch again.
4	Taquitos Jalisco serves up Mexican street food common to the state of Jalisco.  You might be more familiar with the state capital city, Guadalajara.  This particular restaurant has a "sister" property on Gilbert Road that I've heard has better tasting food than this location.  Hmmm... I may have to find out!  as this was very good Mexican street food!  There's a bandwagon forming for Taquitos Jalisco and it's making stops in Mesa!Let me jump on the bandwagon for a ride too!  I missed the Yelper Lunch UYE here in April, but I scheduled my lunch group to go here this month.  I'd heard from Robyn N and Rand H that the place was small, but had no idea that by small they meant TINY!  The international lunch group that I organize was about 14 deep for lunch!  We were smart enough to arrive early.  Every table was taken once we got in the door.  Thankfully, it was not terribly hot outside and the tables outside were still open.  We gladly occupied those tables under the shade with the roar of the traffic on Broadway whizzing by.I sat next to my buddy Dawn K and we split our food!  I ordered 3 carne asada Tacos and 2 Tamales.  I will say that I was disappointed with the Tacos.  The carne asada was a little dry for me.  But still tasty enough to enjoy.  The tamales were fantastic!  I split one of my tamales with the entire group so that everyone could get a taste.  But I saved the other for myself for lunch the next day!  Dawn K ordered a platter with 3 things on it.  Enchilada, Taco and a Chile Relleno.  I tried some of her Chile Relleno!  The chile relleno was extremely good.  It was my favorite thing that I tasted.  I did not try it, but one lunch'er raved about the fish tacos and Robyn N also said their fish tacos were very good.  A slip of the brain as I would have ordered that instead of the carne asada taco.Everyone in the group was happy, even the vegetarian lunch'er was happy with his veggie burrito!  Score!  This place is worth stopping in and trying.   Remember, this is definitely a DIVE!  The parking lot is also very small.  It is on the north side of the street.  Pay attention.  The building is so small, you will likely drive past it and miss the turn.
5	Really good food! Like Filibertos but way better.  People are always friendly.  Tried the rolled tacos and machaca breakfest burrito like them both.
5	Best shrimp tacos in Mesa! Hands down. Everyone who works here is so darn friendly. I love this place! Best Mexican food in PHX as far as I'm concerned.
3	Tasty Mexican street cooking but I have to take away a star for the pasty canned tasting beans, and the not-so-fresh fish tacos. I can say that Rubios makes a really fresh taco surprisingly for a fast food type place. The rice was moist and had a really peppery taste which I preferred but you may not. The fish tasted oily like it had been sitting aside in its cold, oily fried batter and then fried again in not so very fresh oil. Since I have been cooking this type of food since I was 5, I can safely gauge that this was acceptable Mexican food but that's it. I would probably return here to try something else, perhaps fish tacos are not their thing.
4	Good traditional mex in my opinion.  My husband got the al pastor and it was DELISH! I kept picking the meat of his plate.  I had the cheese enchilada, chile relleno and crunchy taco with rice and beans and the plates are HUGE. Luckily this makes good left overs. Definitely check it out and get the pastor. So good!
4	What large, filling burritos. The salsas were tasty and the cucumbers/pickles were also tasty. Good horchata. Prices were really cheap. The tortilla seemed a little oily rather than just steamed.
5	Thanks to Mark R for introducing me to this place or I'd never have found it. On the outside it looks like all the other dumpy run down Mexi places in Mesa, but on the inside they have amazing food!  Not only is the food good the prices are cheap.  I also love that they have a drive thru that is quick.My favorite thing to order is the #12 daily special, for less than $6 you get 2 fish tacos and 2 carne asada tacos with a drink.  The tacos are the small street tacos, but they sure are filling.  I had never had fish tacos until I came here and they are one of my most favorite foods now.  Their steak quesadillas are delicious too.If you eat/go inside they have a small salsa bar and all of them are tasty with a good amount of heat.  If you're in the area stop in and check it out. Yum!
5	Discovered this place driving by it on Broadway, just east of Alma School.Lots of taco shops in the valley, but this one has a few things that simply make it better than the average slew of "(insert random name here)berto's" type places.First off, the tortillas they use to make the burros are delicious, almost as good as Carolina's.  My favorite item is the shrimp burro.  The shrimp are nice/firm, combined with rice and other filling to create an extremely tasty burro!  They offer a Diablo version of the same if you are feeling spicy!Their breakfast burros are also quite tasty.  Other items I've tried include hard shell tacos, taquitos and these tasty bags of tortilla rounds they either bake or fry and coat with sugar and cinnamon.  Simple, yet delicious!I have no opinion on the refried beans as I usually don't have them on or with anything I order.You can dine in (a few tables inside) or go through the drive thru.  I recommend going inside to see all the tasty options on their menu board. (You will find misspellings on the board, but hey, I'm more concerned about the food and service than an absolutely correct translated menu board)Is the place perfect, no, but what is?! I would agree with one of the other reviewers, that the fish tacos are not the best choice here.  Also, they have been a little slow on preparing orders a couple times, but it's always been worth the wait.Lastly the place is always very clean and the staff are very nice!
3	Food was tasty and prices were reasonable. There's just a lot of competition in the family run, homemade style mexican food catergory. This one is great place to go if it's in your neighborhood, but there are others out there just as good.
4	Tonight we decided to drive until we saw an authentic looking Mexican restaurant and give it a try. Our adventurous quest served us well! We shared a Pastor Quesadilla. It was delicious and plenty for the two of us. The service was quick and the place was clean as a pin. I can't wait to go back and try the street tacos. Note that this is not a mexican restaurant with bowl of chips on the table. I found it refreshing not to be stuffed on chips when the food arrived, but if that is a problem you can probably purchase some chips to eat with the salsa on the salsa bar.
5	Hands down my favorite mexican food in all of phoenix!I also agree with other reviews and say their Fish Tacos are the best!!But all around, excellent food in an authentic restaurant with very reasonable prices!A++
5	Think I found my Mexican jam! 2 visits so far & the food is bomb! Very clean establishment, lots of food, salsa bar, best darn horchata!!!!! I'll be tearing this place up mucho mucho!
4	Liked the veggie burrito a lot and the flan not so much.  But again I liked the veggie burrito A LOT!!!!!!
5	Awesome place!  The tortillas are actually made with lard, so they are top notch.  The carne asada was lean and the taquitos were extra crunchy.  All at an affordable $5.99.  The only downside was the price for drinks.  $2.50 for a large soda with no free refill.  Overall, very, very good.
5	Discovered this place using Yelp.  We were looking for authentic Mexican food close to our hotel.  Ratings were great, so we went. Unbelievably good!  Excellent salsa!  Margaritas were the best we have ever had!  This is now one of our top stops on our yearly trip!
5	Really delicious and inexpensive mexican food.  Great staff who love the food and know how to describe it. Our favorites include tamales, fish tacos, cevich toastadas, shrimp quesadillas and steak tacos. Excellent salsas and sauces. Has a popular drive-thru and catering too. The best mexican food we have had in the east valley.
4	This place is great! The only reason they get 4 stars is because there is only one bathroom shared by all! But if you don't have to use it, okay then 5 STARS!!! The food is authentic down home Mexico fair. The choices in sauces and condiments will get you when you enter. Then the food selection is great and they offer several combination's. Also they have a nice lunch menu where you can get several items and a drink for a fair price too. You will have to ask for it to go because you get so much that you will have leftovers! The tacos are crispy and stuffed with clean fresh lettuce. I got the fish tacos and they were fresh and delish! Also this is a very clean establishment, don't judge it by the outside. If you do you will miss out! And they have a drive thru!!!!
4	Food was great.  Had the steak and potato burrito.  Big burrito for under 5$ could t go wrong with that.  Fresh and very hot.  Would recommend to anyone
4	Tried this place because of all the good reviews. Bast thing is the tortillas - another reive said they were almost as good as Carolina's and it's true! I used the drive thru and the wait was about 5-6 minutes, not bad for made to order. The staff was friendly and the food was good.
5	My first time came here because of what i read on Yelp! first thing I noticed lots there were lots of local Mexicanos eating here..GOOD sign! Very friendly staff!  I noticed they do not automatically serve Tortilla Chips & Salsa...had to order it separately the salsa bar was clean, well stocked & tasted exceptional! I noticed a lady coming every 5 to 10 mins to replenish & clean the salsa bar! Excellent service! Highly recommend this "hole in the wall"
5	hands down best tacos i've had in arizona.... EVER...
5	Best authentic Mexican food in the East Valley. I'm set in my ways and get the carne asada burrito every time (been going here 6 years), and it has never disappointed. They don't pack your burro full of potatoes or beans, but instead you'll get tons of good beef with the perfect balance of onion and beans. Love the beans. Oh, and regardless the item on the menu, you'll leave VERY full for under $7 bucks.
5	This delightful little hole-in-the-wall was wonderful!! Traveling on business, I brought out my trusted friend Yelp to help me decide on lunch.  Mexican sounded good, and the reviews had me excited to try it.At first, I almost didn't go here, because as I was driving by I questioned whether it was the kind of place safe for a single woman (surrounded by car repair shops, etc) but I decided that nothing on the reviews said anything about it not being a safe neighborhood so I decided to go for it. And so glad I did!!!  The inside is small, but you really felt transported to south of the border.  I had the diablo shrimp burrito and a tamale.  I always get a tamale at Mexican restaurants to use as my measure of comparison- there's did not disappoint!  The meat was plentiful, and it had good flavor.  And the shrimp inside the burrito was maybe the best I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant.  It was plump, moist, cooked perfectly and there were plenty of them!  I couldn't finish the burrito but I did dig through with my fork to make sure I didn't miss any shrimp.  The "diablo" aspect of the burrito definitely made it spicy, but a good spicy.  It wasn't burn your lips off hot, but it was enough to need a refill on my water.  I also really enjoyed the salsa bar.  It was incredibly fresh, and very clean!  I really liked their tomatillo salsa- it was creamy, tangy, and had the slightest kick of spice.The service here was friendly and prompt.  The restaurant was clean, though the bathroom door near the knob could stand a quick scrub.  All in all, this place was incredible!!!  If I'm ever back this way again, I will absolutely be back.
5	Awesome place! This place has phenomenal  tortillas, very authentic!! We came late at night and asked for breakfast the lady said sorry we only do it in the morning and then immediately came back on the speaker and told us the cooks would do it for us! We asked a lot about what was in what on the menu and they were very helpful! Also great prices can't beat dinner for 2 for less than $15!! Definitely will be back and highly recommend it.
5	I think I had th #14 with taco cheese  enchilada an chilly relano.." gringo spelling"  for 5.50 cant beat it with a stick.. great deal an the food amazingly good ...very nice 4 the price ...
3	The tacos were greasy and unflavorful. I was quite disappointed with my order. There was also dirt on the floors and the people making the food didn't speak much English
5	The best Mexican good in Mesa !! Nice clean place amazing good !! Thanks yelp for guiding me there !
5	Fish tacos = Excellent.  I will be going back again this week just for these.  The creamy, spicy sauce was addictive.Rice and beans = Even these were a cut above.  The refried beans had this smokey note to them that kept me interested.Flan = Dessert was well crafted and huge.  I could only eat half.  Would have tried the Tres Leches Cakes, but they were sold out.Service = Very friendly.  Clean restaurant.  Reasonable wait time.
3	At first I was EXCiTED to try it out!!  I got the fish taco combo! Now it was good but not gr8! The beans tasted like they were from a can and the rice portion was soo small. The fish taco was fairly small. The meal alone was $8 which I think should have been more around $6. My BF got the shrimp quesadilla. Which was $8 too. The quesadilla was greasy! I was extremely bummed of the overall taste!  I don't know if I'll be returning back!
5	I was in Mesa for business and had a craving for tacos. The location does not scream delicious as it is a little hole-in-the-wall, but the food is awesome. I ordered a couple tacos al pastor and a couple shrimp tacos. The al pastor tacos were pretty good, but the definite standout were the shrimp tacos. The tacos came with a cabbage salad and a creamy sauce that both added greatly to the success of the dish.  The shrimp was succulent and not dry in the least.  After finishing eating, I wish I would have skipped the tacos al pastor and just gotten another shrimp taco If you have a craving for Mexican food I highly recommend trying out the restaurant.  I went on a Friday night and it was pretty packed so the food took 10-15 minutes to come out, but it was well worth the wait.
5	I don't go to Mesa often, but when I do...it's for this place right here!I had a difficult time finding delicious Mexican food that served Lengua tacos and this place does it justice...and they got the salsa bar too with the spicy carrots.  It's a hole in the wall and that's what I love about this authentic place.
4	A very pleasant find.  Some small independent shops just don't seem to care - they're running on autopilot - while others pay attention to details.  I think of it as "intentionality".  This little place is clearly run by someone who is intentional: it is clean, well lit, uncluttered and well maintained.  Things are organized: from their ordering system (stationary iPads), to the kitchen and the staff.  The food was very tasty.  I had the simple #11 Daily Special: a large cheese Quesadilla and 3 rolled tacos with guacamole. Everything was well prepared and properly cooked - no lumps of un-melted cheese - the tacos were hot, the guac,lettuce and cheese garnish were cold.  And even though I took my food to go, it was placed in the "to go" box as carefully as if I were eating in.I've tried a few places like this that I wouldn't take my family to.  Taquitos Jalisco is now on our family-approved list!
1	Their entrees lacked flavor that I sampled and had more grease than anticipated. Que lastima!
5	Let me tell you something and I will make it quick. If you don't believe you can get quality authentic real Mexican food at an affordable price than you obviously have not been to Jalisco. Do yourself a favor stop driving around and go there.
5	Thank goodness for yelp reviewers or I would have never found this place! I am in heaven, fish tacos & re fried beans with amazing hot sauce selection. Yum!
5	As good as advertised...  A complete whole in the wall in the middle of nowhere, but possibly the best Mexican Food in the PHX Surrounding market.Pastor tacos all day long.
4	Very enjoyable!  It's difficult to find restaurants that make good Spanish rice! We'll come back!
4	Great food, and great value. A hearty Carne Asada burro plus 3 rolled tacos and a drunk for under 7 bucks? Yuuuuup.  Good food, short wait times, good salsa bar. This place is one of those "hole in the wall" joints that you'd never even notice if somebody didn't point it out to you.
5	The best mexican food in the East Valley, period. Authentic, cheap, and high quality. I have had almost everything on the menuband it has all been amazing.
5	My boyfriend and I loved this place! The fish tacos were incredible! The veggie burrito was also very delicious. The two young girls working the counter were super nice and helpful, I will definitely come back here.
1	My one star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the food the food is actually very good. Management needs to get their act together put a sign with their correct business hours. It says it's open from 7 to 10 p.m. On Wednesday I showed up at 7:45 a.m. And waited until 8:20 a.m. Still nothing I called the phone number that was provided on Yelp no answer I knocked on the door people were cooking in the kitchen the manager was mopping the floor nobody responded. By the time I left there were 3 other people waiting to getting in and eat. It's obvious the management doesn't care about their customers with her lack of respect for the customers may be that is their culture who knows its sad they have great food & piss poor service.
5	This place it legit! A clear leap ahead of any other drive thru/ fast Mexican food place, of which I drive by several just to get here. And I've never regretted it.I am usually the only white/non-Spanish speaking person in the place when I go and that's a good thing. It seems to be a go to spot for local Hispanic families and workers who usually know best when it comes to these sorts of things. Some of the best burritos and tacos anywhere. Everything is good and the salsa bar inside is nice.
5	This place is a total hole in the wall, but it is hands down the best Mexican food I've ever had, and I've tried a lot of different places. I love the fish taco combo plate the best, but the fish burrito is also great. Other awesome choices are the rolled tacos, pastor tacos, cheese enchiladas and steak quesadilla. Everything is wonderful!
4	My husband brought me a carne asada burrito from this place.  It was very good and I am looking forward to having another one.
4	Fellow Yelpers - Thank You!I followed your recommendations and stopped here to eat.  It was good!We ordered 1 quesadilla. #3 (3 red enchiladas) and #17 (red enchilada, chili Relleno and taco).  All were good.Rice and beans... Also good.I recommend eating here!
5	Love this place... Awesome food... Always spotless, and the ladies r the best!! They should charge more....crazy I know but... It's true... Only place I go anymore 4 street tacos. Makes me laugh when people go 2 Scottsdale 4 9.00 tacos!!! Hahaha dorks!!Great place
5	Great food and prices. Had the #9 combo which is a ton of food. Well worth the visit.
5	Let me cut to the chase, get steak tacos! I also like the #18. (Enchilada, tamale and chile relleno) It's unbelievably delicious. Don't ignore this advice! Do the steak tacos! If you go and order some weird obscure thing, it will probably be good, but the signature item is the STEAK TACOS!!!! Don't let the green sauce scare you, it's good. I like the lighter colored sauce as well. The darker sauce is chipotle which is smoked pepper. It is way over powering and anything smoked must be done in moderation. I never do it.I can not vouch for any other locations.
5	Delicious! The food was great and prices were awesome!! It's a small place but it works. Service was friendly and helpful. Will definitely come back!
5	This place is legit. It is NOT a Filibertos or anything like it. While I'm ok with those joints, this place is two notches higher.. Great fish tacos. Great carne asada. Beans are good and authentic. Salsa is good, but could use one with more heat. Service is very good. Place is clean and a good ambiance for a hole I. The wall taco shop. Bottom line, one of the best authentic joints around!!!
5	Awesome Mexican "fast food". Most of the customers were Hispanic, which tells you this food is good and most likely authentic. The fish tacos were flavorful, fresh and delicious. Lots of options and many not typically found in chain Mexican, such as lengua ( tongue) and cabeza ( head) meat options.
5	My husband and I both had the #1 (1 chicken and 2 carne asada tacos) to go and it was delish! Tacos were filled to the brim with meat and the rice and beans had great flavor. Definitely going back in the very near future!
5	Loved it! Clean, good food &  customer service.. cant get enough of the horchata. Its made freshly every day
5	Place looks like a hole from the outside, but the inside has great, friendly staff, and fantastic food!
5	Seriously fresh mex at a great price. The fish burrito was the best I have had in quite a long time. My wife's chile relleno burrito was succulent. Both burritos featured a homemade tortilla that was grilled and filled. Our seven year old, frequently a picky water, wolfed down his chicken and rice. Such a satisfying meal. And the ladies are all over it with spot-on, friendly service. Well worth a visit!
3	Food was OK, service was not.  The girl at the counter was very uptight, cold and rude.  She sounded like she didn't want to be there.  How can somebody like that work at a restaurant, much less at the counter.
4	My family has eaten here several times, you can't beat the prices! The quality of food is great too. I recommend the fish tacos combo daily special. The daily specials have great portions.
4	According to the reviews of this place, we were expecting greatness.  Is that what we got?  Not quite, but it was good.  I would highly recommend anything with beans in it.  The beans are by far some of the best I have ever had.  I am a bean connoisseur and believe that beans are one of the "perfect foods" so that means a great deal.  The fish tacos were also outstanding.  I loved the creamy sauce mixed with pico on top of the crispy huge chunks of fish.  The chckien on the chicken taco and the beef in the beef quesadilla were both way overvcooked and tough.  The meat in the tacos al pastor was also overcooked and lacked flavor.
4	The atmosphere was festive. The food was tasty and well presented. They have a variety of Mexican soda, same brands, just made with sugar (not corn syrup). This is more authentic Mexican food, serving head and tongue in addition to the normal selection  (chicken, beef, etc.).
5	I looooove this place. They have the best tacos. I come here every time I come to town.
4	I never imagined that I would love Mexican food! The place is clean and simple... But what is great is the food! My favorite is Carne Asada Torta. Thanks!
5	LOVED this place!!!!  I was curious how good the Mexican food was in AZ. Hands down, all the placed I ate....this was the best!  Great prices also!!
5	This place is less than a mile from my home so we decided to try it out. Everything was delicious and super cheap! They even have a drive thru with is convenient when I'm on the go or just want to eat at home. A+
5	Excellent Chilaquilas! I highly recommend it! The diet coke was also fantastic, I know that sounds weird but it tasted different, it was really good.
3	We tried this restaurant because of all the good reviews, so I went in with high expectations. I was so disappointed that the food was just ok. The fish taco was dry and lacked flavor. The guacamole on the rolled tacos was tasteless. I also had the carne asada taco which was the best thing I ordered but still nothing to brag about. My husband had the steak and eggs. It looked more like machaca. The dining room was clean but the bathroom was disgusting. I would only revisit this restaurant if it was the only thing open and I was starving.
5	I love Mexican food so I had to try some while I was in an area with so many Hispanics; this place was close and had good reviews so I chose it. I ordered 4 different tacos, one al pastor, carne asada, carnitas, and lengua. They were all very good and the al pastor tacos had pineapple (a very good sign). There was a lot of meat on all of the tacos. I also ordered agua de jamaica, which was homemade and delicious. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place!
4	The food is great! I have had their tacos, burritos, and enchiladas. This is my go to place for tacos. My only complaint is the service. The girl at the register is always on her cell phone texting and then forgets part of my order.
5	This review is probably just for the food since I was a night time customer and everything moved by real quick.Been wanting to try this place for a little while and finally got to try it.  So anyways my buddy and I hit up this place after 8 pm (dead on a weeknight).  The place was pretty clean (actually didn't check out bathroom, so I know nothing about that).Been wanting something w/ shrimp in it and the shrimp quesadilla was calling my name.  I ended up getting that with it being a combo.  The shrimp quesadilla, if I remember" was the most expensive one on the menu ($7.49) w/ no clue how big or how much they would give me.  So I took the risk by getting it.So w/ the quesadilla combo it came to $11.99.  (Most spent at a place like this honestly).  When the lady (or girl, if thats what you call the younger ones) came out with the food, it put a pretty good smile on my face.  The whole plate was smothered with the 4 generous sized SHRIMP quesadillas, beans galore, rice basin (even more rice under the 'dillas) guacamole, pico, lettuce, and even sour cream.  Time to hit up the salsa bar right?  Yezzir. First thing I always dig into is the rice and beans.  Both were fantastic.  After about eating 3/4 of the rice/beans, I finally decided to take a bite out of the main course.  The cheese was melting out of the side and the quesadilla was greasy (that good kind of greasy) and every bite was as good as the first.  So after cleaning my plate, I was pretty full.  I am real glad that I finally got to step into this place.  The service seemed fine and the food was even better. Will go again
5	The young lady at the front is so nice! The restaurant is really clean and well lit. I ordered the carne asada sopes and they were bomb! They have this awesome bright green salsa that tastes good in everything! I found my favorite new taco shop!
5	We've been back a few times and consistently good food and good service, especially for being as buys as they are. I seem to like this place more and more each time I go. Local, looks like family run, well prepared food, and reasonable prices across the board. A lot to like about this place.
4	We will be coming back here soon! Service is great considering how busy they were. I like the self-serve area for salsa, lemons, cucumber, and pickled carrots. The hubby and I shared the menudo (very good) and two of 5 different tacos. The menudo was served with hot corn tortillas and a small generous bowl of chopped onion and cilantro. It was tasty and it wasn't greasy like others we've tried. The cabeza and lengua tacos were our favorite! The pork carnitas, carne asada, and pastor were a bit dry, but still flavorful. We hardly used any salsa with our tacos because they were so good! Our agua frescas were delicious as well. I had the horchata and hubs had tamarindo.Overall, this place is above average for service, quality, taste, cleanliness, and decor. The bathroom is lacking big time due to the size as well as lack of toilet paper, and hand paper towels. When I walked in there, a large trash bin was on top of the toilet seat, giving the impression that the toilet was out of order.
5	First thing i noticed was that it was clean!! That is always a plus. The food was delish. Definitely will be back.
3	There are, in my opinion, several types of Mexican food.One of them is the type that you stop by at 3 in the morning once you are done partying as another bad decision you are going to make that night. This is one of those places.The food here was very disappointing and I couldn't even finish half of my huarache.The redeeming point was their horchata, that was pretty good but then again I seem to like the horchata at am/pm so maybe I'm not the best judge of that.
4	I've been here twice now, and each time this place is packed to the gills!The food is pretty decent quality, especially considering it is TOTALLY CHEAP! They have a small patio out front with plastic-y picnic benches, too.They have a nice salsa bar that always looks clean (before I get to making a mess, that is).I haven't ordered one, but the burritos are insane and make Chipotle burritos look teeny.  Free wifi, not that I used it.Warning: the restroom looks straight out of the ghetto. AVOID!
5	Not your run of the mill taco/burrito shop! I have been here several times and ordered something different each time. Everything that I have had has been great. There small salsa bar has some tasty salsas, the plate portions are more than you really should eat really but it seems to just disappear from off of my plate. My only problem with this place is that there isn't one closer to my house.
5	Food was gooooood. I forgot what I ate, but do you really care?
1	After eating here about a dozen times and this place being one of my favorite Mexican spots I will never come here again. Yesterday I stopped by and got the chicken fajitas. About an hour later I started getting very sick and long story short ended up in Banners ER with food poisoning. My roommate ate my last little bit of leftovers and started showing symptoms (major diarrhea) this morning.
1	I went in the restaurant and took them a good 20min to get my chips that come with my meal along with that I ordered a large Jamaica and no ice like really to top it off I found hair inside my shrimp the food is good  customer service sucks they need to get it together
