2	Used to be Common House -- and from the inside it's hard to tell what has changed. Lots of TV's for watching sports, including individual ones at the tables. Have 24 beers on tap -- but when we asked the bartender for a recommendation he said he only drank Newcastle so he couldn't make one. However, he did gesture to one tap and said a lot of people drink that. Here's my suggestion -- if you're going to brag about all your draft beer, educate the bar staff about each one. Hostess was polite, but even though there were dirty tables in the bar area she spent her time standing at the hostess stand. Oh -- wasn't busy at all, for the 45 minutes we were there only 4 other people cam in. Here's suggestion number 2- if you got time to lean, you got time to clean. We sat at one of the clean tables and tried to ignore the dirty mess next to us. It is a great place to watch sports, but they don't have wireless Internet so for those of us in football pools or who play fantasy football, you can't check standings during the game. That reason alone is enough to keep my from going back. Food looked good enough, burgers and such, but we didn't order food so I can't say. Prices are decent -- between $8-10 for burgers & sandwiches. Bottom line -- go now, there's no way they will be able to stay in business for long. We live in the neighborhood and won't go back.
4	I decided to visit Kickstand on opening night after reading Sarah Crosland's article in Charlotte Magazine. It's rare to find a burger joint that offers a new twist on the American staple, but Kickstand does a darn good job.The hostess and wait staff were exceptionally friendly and attentive, without being intrusive. They seemed excited to be part of the Kickstand team, which impressed me from the jump.I had a Burger Pocket Press, a juicy patty stuffed with bacon, mushrooms, and Swiss cheese. Interesting idea, right? It was tasty (bacon FTW!) and hearty. North Carolina doesn't let you get a medium rare burger, which drives me nuts, but the Pocket Press was still a good choice.My only recommendation was for the sweet potato tots to be served as a stand-alone side. They offer a mix of regular tater tots and sweet tater tots, but the sweet potato tots are so good they deserve their own plate.Finally, on the decor: A TV at every table makes Kickstand a perfect place to catch a Panthers game or, presumably, a cycling event. Gimme the football. The set-up seems ideal for a sports fan without resorting to sports bar cliches.Kickstand is a solid addition to the CLT dining scene. Enjoy!
3	The manager emailed me after I left this -- which TOTALLY impressed me.  Looks like they are working to make this a better place, and he told me that they DO have wireless internet.  But it's password-protected so you have to ask the waiter/waitress/bartender for the password.
4	Something had to be done at the mess formerly known as the Common House, and it seems they've found a new formula that should work.Kickstand is a burger place at its core, but it also served as a pretty decent neighborhood bar, complete with reasonable drink specials and TVs for all the sports fans.  In fact, they've got so many TVs in there it's a bit outlandish.  They've got TVs on their TVs.I got the New Orleans cajun spiced burger and asked them to spice it up with a bunch of jalapeno pepper.  They did a really nice job with the burger.  I got this "potato cake" on the side, which turned out to be a type of cheeseless au gratin, if that makes any sense you you.  It was pretty tasty.  The whole meal was very satisfying.  My wife got a turkey burger and declared it quite tasty.  She opted for a side of tater tots, half regular and half sweet potato.  I'd never had sweet potato tots before, but I discovered I like them a lot.  They serve the sweet tots with this butter sauce that really is a little too rich and over the top.They had a bunch of good beer on tap, and on Tuesdays, several draft choices are $2.50/pint.  Also, they've got trivia on Tuesdays at 9 p.m.One little hiccup was that about half the tots on my wife's plate arrived cold.  The waitress got a hot replacement order to us right away.  They seem very eager to get the food and the service right.  If they stay focused on food quality and service, they will hopefully avoid going down that long downward spiral that finally spun the Common House out of business.
1	I was disappointed when I headed over to the restaurant formerly known as Common House and discovered it was now a burger joint. It's OK, I thought, Common House turned out some pretty good burgers in its day. So I decided to give it a chance.I won't make that mistake again.First, the menu: Everything has some kind of bike-ish name, except for the cocktails, which are all named after old movie stars (and Clint Eastwood). I don't really get it.We decided to start with the cheese fries, which came with a healthy topping of queso I'm guessing came from Loco Lime next door and a sparse sprinkling of bacon and green onions. The fries themselves are pretty solid and the bacon isn't bad, but fries + cheese sauce = a soggy mess.Next came our burgers. I got a plain cheeseburger and my friend got the stuffed burger. My burger was dry and kind of tasteless. My friend said his burger was overwhelmed by the horseradish mayo and that the stuffing wasn't anything but a gimmick. As for our sides, the fries, again, were pretty good. I got the combo tater tots. The regular tots were fine--nothing special--but the sweet potato tots dipped in the maple butter sauce... It's the first time in my life I've ever wanted to spit something out a restaurant. It's a combination of flavors that just don't work and the tots themselves have an odd texture.There's nothing at Kickstand you can't get elsewhere--and better--at all the other burger bars in Charlotte. There's nothing about this place that has me coming back for seconds.
4	Where can you find a juicy and delicious burger, friendly staff and kitchsy atmosphere? Kickstand!I was really intrigued about Kickstand so when a business contact suggested lunch here I jumped at the chance. What I walked into was a really relaxed vibe with bicycles all around - in their menu, on the premises, etc. I like it! Plus, they are working through some great events that will benefit local nonprofits through this bicycle feel, so that's just grand with me. So, I bet you're wondering about the food, aren't you? Well, here we go...Beer selection: Nice selection overall...lots of seasonal brews, too! Specials looked pretty super, too. Fixed Gear Burger: Their juicy classic cheddar cheeseburger cooked to absolute perfection - I had a bit of pink in my burger which made me practically drool all over the table. Total noms. Plus, the cheese was super duper melty - total win. With these two qualities, plus a toasted bun I was a very, very happy camper.Sweet potato tots: I love me a tot and these have potential. They are eponymous: sweet potato tater tots and served with a mapley buttery dipping sauce. I just wish that they were a bit saltier -  some kosher sea salt added to the mix would be delicious, as I'm a huge fan of the sweet/salty combo. If Kickstand boosts the flavor/richness/saltiness and I'll have to restrain myself from turning into a tater tot. Parfait desserts: These were on the house as they asked my dining partner and me to give them a try. There were three kinds: chocolate brownie, strawberry cheesecake and key lime. As I'm such a sugar head as it is, these were pretty damn tasty. Creamy parfaits (no, not yogurt) topped with deliciousness of all sorts. My favorite was actually the key lime. These are listed for $3 each and they are a really generous and sweet (ha-pun) end to the meal. I truly enjoyed Kickstand and I'm very much looking forward to coming back.
5	Awesome bloody marys (super spicy), awesome chili, awesome awesome burgers, and omg the cornbread is the best ive had in a loooooooong time. I couldve just eaten that alone.
3	I was craving burgers for lunch something fierce the other day and since Kickstand had just opened in the neighborhood I convinced the roommate that we should absolutely go. I had heard good things and he seemed pleased when he tried it with a friend the week before, so my expectations were high.Here's the breakdown:Service: Super. Better than that. Amazingly super! Everyone was very attentive, to the point where the bartender flipped the tv in our booth to the Hokies game without our having to ask because we both had on Virginia Tech t-shirts. The servers were fantastically friendly as well.Decor: It's bicycle themed, y'all. It's bright and clean and very very bicycle themed.Booze: The beer list was of decent length and filled with interesting, non-bud/miller/coors choices. My Cottonwood Pumpkin even came with some pumpkin pie spice around the rim. They seem to have a generous amount of drink specials which the server made sure to inform us of.  Roomie was a touch sad they didnt have Shiner on tap, but he will live.Food: Here's where my review begins to falter a bit. I got the Cross Country, which came with pepperjack, pico-de-gallo, onion, tomato, lettuce,  jalepeno spread, guacamole (which i actually dislike but didnt see in the list) & and a partridge in a pear tree. There was so many toppings that nothing really shone through. In fact I couldn't even detect the dreaded guac. My side of sweet potato fries was adequate but the dipping sauce tey gave me tasted like straight-up pancake syrup. Not my cup of tea (or should I say, cup of sugar). My roommate go the Hungover Cyclist, which is a burger between two grilled cheese sandwiches. The problem was that he sandwiches were made on texas toast so there was just too much darn bread to properly eat the thing.I don't like to make flat out direct comparisons in reviews, but frankly, if you are thinking of eating at Kickstand, do yourself a favor and go to Big Daddy's instead. It is essentially the same restaurant, but BDs just makes tastier food.
1	We were heading to Loco Lime for dinner when we decided to try Kickstand instead. Mistake. We convinced our kids to eat there because they had a TV in the booth. Not that we'd sit and watch, and not that the kids would really sit there and watch, but the fact that they didn't have audio kind of sucked for watching The Flintsones (for the first time in their lives). And what if they did have audio on these in-booth units - would everyone in the restaurant be trying to out-blast the audio from TVs in bordering booths? No, no audio is probably best. Unless you really want/need to hear what's in your face right there in the booth. We ordered cheese fries. They were disgusting. If you're going to make cheese fries, at least start with quality fries. Kickstand's fries were like fatter Burger King fries - with that faux crunchy exterior and fluffy middle, swimming in cheese sauce. Sure, there are like five pounds of fries, but I like McDonald's fries, so this appetizer was a bummer. The burgers were ok. Nothing to rave about. Quality beef is quality beef. If you're charging $8 for a burger, it's got to be at least as good as what is delivered to your plate. I guess some people might like the fancy concepts for some of their burgers - like a maple syrup on the side - but i don't. My wife had two beers, and our total bill with tip was $50. Fifty bucks for burgers for dinner. I'm not complaining about the price - after all, i saw the prices before I ordered. But when a massive plate of cheese fries sits on the table barely eaten, something's wrong. In fact, we had to box half of our dinner because it just wan't that good. Note - our server was brilliant, though. If you're looking for a burger joint, there are better options in Charlotte. We frequent Hawthorne's and Loco Lime - which are owned by the same group that owns Kickstand - and this space's predecessor, Common House (also blah.) If you're looking for a place to watch sports and drink beer and grab a burger - maybe you'll like it. Drinking dilutes judgement. I give this place six months. It was virtually empty on a Saturday night during the peak of the NCAA College Football season. Oh, and the whole bike theme is stupid. Just do great burgers and let your outstanding staff do their thing. Kill the in-booth TVs.
3	I've been waiting to try Kickstand for a while considering my love for a good burger. There's some positive and negative reviews based on food and/or # of TV's, etc. It's a sports bar in Plaza Midwood, so it gets a knock against it by many for that. For me, variety is great. When we got there we sat in one of the booths. Now I love a good sports bar and this one has a neighborhood feel to it. Granted the TV's in the booths are a little much, but all the other TV's are just fine and make for a great game day! Had a great lunch special that day for $6.95 which included a burger, side and drink. Ordered the bacon cheeseburger medium with the onion straws as a side. Came with onion, tomato & lettuce w/pickle. The meal for me was OK. It was a good burger, though a tad overcooked. That said; it had good flavor and was a great size for the price, special price or not. The let down were the onion straws though. They were soaked in oil/grease as if they hadn't been cooked long enough. I was able to dive into some of the wife's tater tots and they were good. I'd go with the tots next time for sure. Good experience and I'd return for another meal for sure.
4	This place is a (obviously) bicycle-themed bar & grill type of restaurant.   It shares the entrance in the back with the Loco Lime restaurant.  Turn right for Kickstand.  Inside you will find a casual atmosphere with plenty of TV screens to watch pretty much any televised game or event.  There are even TVs in the booths, although there is no sound from them.  In the foyer of the entrance are several bicycles and there are plenty of them scattered about inside the restaurant, itself.   Also, there are photographs and other things bicycle-related.  They have many types of excellent beer on draft.  There are several vegetarian options here.  They have a homemade black bean veggie burger with guacamole that is delicious.  They also have a grilled veggie sandwich and a burrito, as well.  I like the laid back atmosphere of this place.  It goes well with the other things in Plaza-Midwood.   Bicycle parking and 2 racks are in the back next to the Loco Lime's patio and is sort of up on a deck.  Ask for a 10% discount when riding your bicycle here!
3	After mixed reviews on here we were skeptical about giving Kickstand a try, however we finally caved after seeing an advertisement at Loco Lime for their Trivia Tuesdays. The atmosphere is definitely not what you'd expect in this neighborhood but I didn't hate it. There is a TV at every table - which I guess is great if you are a huge sports fan - but it just seemed to get in our way. My boyfriend and friend decided to do "The Tricycle" - a mild version of an eating contest. 3 patties wrapped in bacon with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, plus one side plus a PBR tallboy. There is no time limit but if you finish it you get your picture up on the wall and if you go on Tuesdays it's $2 off. They had little comment on how their food tasted since they were racing each other to finish, but my burger (just a burger with cheese and bacon) was quite good. I got the mac-n-cheese side dish which cost extra but it was good, too. It's not somewhere I'm dying to go back to, but it's also not somewhere that I'll never dine again. It was very middle of the road for me. Decent burger at a decent price.
3	So it's deep-fried, and huge, but there's a house-made veggie burger here and you can get it any way that's on the menu without having to explain that no, you don't eat bacon. Rad.But the last time I ate here, I thought I was going to die twice - from delicious fried-food coma (which is absolutely impossible to avoid here) and then later, again, when my stomach was trying to beat some sense into me for having scarfed that much oil. And since I usually pick wherever has the least TVs within view to sit, be it bar, hightop, booth, or table, walking into this maze of LCD flusters me and I stand there wide-eyed trying to settle on somewhere while the hostess's holding the menus and eyeballing me. I mean I've only been twice but it's happened both times. Like a deer in the ESPNlights. Baaa.So ya - if you want to watch the game and scarf a seriously gut-busting burger, have ats. Beer selection is goodish, tho they seem to be struggling having their entire list ready to tap. Staff seems capable and somewhat nerdy, plus plus. Mixed sweet/regular tots, yay. Onion tangles, meh. Don't get the cheese fries if you don't like cheez whiz. Do get the hungover cyclist if you're into spectacleburger - even if you aren't the food porn type you're gonna wanna take a picture. The most bizarre I've had thus far would have to be the cross country - complete mess flavor n texture-wise, but totally enjoyable.The bikey theme gets totally lost in sports tchotchkey, for moi. Still, veg-friendly till the end! Yay!
3	Spent about an hour at the bar drinking local beers with a friend.  It was a cool place to hang out, chat and get to know each other and occasionally watch the numerous amounts of TV's in the place showing the NFL playoffs and college basketball.The staff was really friendly and attentive.  It is hard to do burgers with alot of creativity, but they succeeded.  I had the Morning Burger topped with an egg, I had them leave off the hollandaise sauce (not a fan of the extra fat and calories it adds - especially when the taste of the meat and egg were so delicious).  I would go back!
2	I have a personal rule whenever I visit a restaurant - everything deserves a second try. On my first visit to Kickstand, I went with a friend and we sat outside on the little patio area. The food was decent but not exceptional. The burger itself was pretty plain, but the toppings and bun made up for it. I had sweet potato fries and they were a decent compliment, if not a bit squishy. They were served with a thick sludgy brown sugar syrup that was more sweet than flavorful. Decent service balanced it out, and I was ready to give it a second shot.On my second trip, the service was beyond great. The wait staff turned our in-booth TV to the Virginia Tech football game because they saw us wearing our school colors. The food on the second trip was... Well, again, mediocre. I got the Hungover Cyclist which is a variant on my personal holy grail of burgers - the grilled-cheese buns hamburger. I've had it in several places that all put their spin on this cheesy miracle. I really hate to say it, but the one in my neighborhood did the worst. The grilled cheeses were enormous Texas toast slices that drowned out any flavor of cheese or burger with gummy bread. In addition, the only topping on the burger was tomato - even though I asked for some lettuce for balance, I didn't get it. Just a meat patty and a tomato slice between two incredibly awkward grilled cheeses.So I gave it a third shot as a rubber match. I went solo and sat at the bar and left Kickstand completely frustrated. I happened to be there at the same time as another customer that came separately and sat down shortly after. The entire time I was there, the bartender never addressed us individually - he took our orders together, brought our food together, checked in on us at the same time, and brought our checks together. He spent the rest of the time leaning against the bar watching the news. In a complete class-act moment while watching a report about Obama in Indonesia, he remarked that Obama said "It's great to be back in my birth country of Indonesia once again." I'm not a political person, I don't care what your side is, but if you're going to make completely idiotic and aggressive statements then we're done. I've got better things to do with my time than eat a mediocre burger served by a mediocre staff.
3	So, I've been to Kickstand a few times now (mainly for the very fun Tuesday trivia night).  I'll echo other reviewers' comments about the TVs--there are just too many of them, and they're almost seizure-inducing. I often sit in the bar area, and we always turn off the little TV on our table, but, even so, there is just TV overload at this place. I also think the sports bar/TVs-everywhere theme doesn't mesh well with the arty bike theme they also seem to have going there.  It's a little confusing.  That aside, I really like the Spin Class burger (I usually get it subbed with a turkey burger), and I've had pretty good service the few times I've been.  I was a big Common House fan before things went crazy there, so I'm happy to see this space up and running again.  They seem to have kept the same french fry recipe used at Common House, which is a good thing.  High praise for the fries!  I just wish they would cool it with the TVs.
4	solid 3.5 stars - when are we going to implement 1/2 star ratings ????This is basically for drinks only (no food) ...we hopped in here late Saturday evening to meet friends for a few drinks. AWESOME drink specials - I get excited for $3 and below cocktails. Not the craziest atmosphere if you're into clubs but luckily for us we like little dives so we threw a little Rolling Stones on the juke box and danced ourselves silly- right there at the  bar ... in a classy way (I promise). I wouldn't say this was the most hopping place in town but if you can bring your own fun then it's worth having a night out for less than $15!I would stop in again - bartender was super nice!
4	I tried out Kickstand over the weekend with my boyfriend and another couple. We'd driven by a few times and decided it was time to finally stop in. I enjoyed the bicycle decor on the walls, menu, etc, as well as the creative names for each of the different types of burgers. The menu had quite a few vegetarian options as well as an extensive list of burgers. On Saturday nights they have buckets of beer (6 bottles) for $12, which I thought was a great deal. The drink specials were also quite good for the other days of the week...will have to go back to try them out.In terms of food, everyone at my table (except me), got one of the burgers. Each person tried a different kind, and all were very pleased. I got the veggie sandwich with Kickstand's homemade artichoke spread, which was delicious. I also got the tater tots. Now, I'm a sucker for any restaurant that sells tots, and these did not disappoint. I also tried the sweet potato fries and they were pretty good.  We started the meal out with the veggie flatbread, and it was surprisingly good. So good, in fact, that I plan to order it as my main course the next time I visit. The service was great, although the TV in the booth was a bit overwhelming - especially if you've got four people crammed into the seats. The only real con I had was that parking was pretty tight. Once we found a spot, though, it was a great meal with a cool atmosphere.
4	The beef and turkey burgers are tasty here, but the standout is the best-in-Charlotte veggie burger. Service is decent and the place is big enough that you don't have to wait for a table. I hope it survives - i think it's a great addition to the neighborhood.
5	Killer spot with tons of TVs and pretty sweet little HDTV's in your booth.  Buffalo wing and chilling buffet all day on game days for only $12.95. In other words a fan freaking tastic place to watch football. The wings are great, the buffalo flavored are tasty and spicy. Some places have a hard time finding that balance. I ordered the spicy tiger flavor and was thoroughly impressed.
3	I frequent this place pretty often, more so back in football season. The TVs at Kickstand are not unlike a Best Buy show floor and the beer selection isn't too bad. Try to grab a booth seat near the entrance as it comes with your own personal HDTV in the booth.As for the menu, there's a lot of burger options. I would suggest trying the veggie burger (which is more of a black bean burger) loaded with guac, tomato, and a chipotle sour cream...very on point. I usually go with tater tots for a side too. Fried pickles are a nice appetizer option here as well. They use a nice crunchy batter, but can be a bit thin at times. Still worth checking out...
2	I give it 2 stars because the taters tots are PHENOMENAL (sweet tater tots-Righteous!)..other than that, really, what would draw you there? A bar that used to have personality & individuality as COMMON HOUSE now has absolutely ZERO. Its a chain bar/restaurant that promotes itself as nothing but that, in a neighborhood/area that celebrates uniqueness; what could you get there besides a few menu items you can't get 100 other bars in charlotte? I also agree w/some other posters that w/all the chotskies and damn bicycles everywhere, it does seem to want to draw the REALLY young drinkers and be more of a Hooters/Boardwalk Billys/Vinnies type BAR than a bar/restaurant. Plus pair it up w/its sister rest. LOCO LIME (with its gentrified mexican fare thats on its best day "mehhh.." ) and you have one big complex of bland ordinary-ness replacing what used to be a really great neighborhood place to go. WHATTTAA choice!: bland overpriced mexican food w/average service OR...burgers & fries w/fratboys....how about we start having peanuts at the tables we can throw everywhere while you're at it!!!!
4	Pleasantly surprised...I really wasn't a fan of the previous common house that was here so it took me awhile to take a chance on Kickstand. I am glad I gave it a chance I had one of the best turkey burgers in a long time. Yes the menu is full of grease and fried food but if that is what you are looking for you can't go wrong here. Tons of interesting burger combos and sweet potato tater tots with maple syrup I have to admit the tater tots sounded much better on the menu then they actually tasted. Overall service was good, decent drink specials -$4 Smirnoff flavored vodka drinks on Thurs. nights and food met my expectations.
4	Short and Sweet:Good food.Good service.Priced $4 - $5.00 higher than expected on things.Drink specials during the week are nice.I've been here 4 times since they switched from Common House and it has been great. It's a nice default location.
5	We went to Kickstand the other night for the first time to try out their burgers.  We were first impressed by the cleanliness and nice atmosphere of the restaurant.  We were seated in a booth that had its own flat-screen TV.  It was off and the hostess offered to turn it on.  While we appreciated how it would be good for sports fanatics, we opted for a non-TV dinner.  I love that the burger choices at Kickstand are unique.  They offer interesting flavor combinations.  My partner ordered the Cycle Zydeco Burger (Zydeco spread, Mardi Gras slaw, and Root Beer glaze).  It wasn't too spicy for him, and he's not a big fan of too much heat.   I, on the other hand, love spicy stuff, but went with the Greek Burger as a change of pace.  It had kalamata olive spread, tzatziki sauce, and feta, three of my favorite things to eat.  The sauce really made the burger.  The burgers themselves were juicy and flavorful, too.   There were also a lot of sides to pick from.  We both opted for the combo tater tots/sweet tater tots side item.  The regular tater tots were good, and the sweet (potato) tater tots came with a butter/brown sugar syrup for dipping.  It was literally like dessert.  What a great offering.  With the food, atmosphere, and service being great, what wasn't to enjoy?  We'll be revisiting Kickstand the next time we're in the mood for a really good burger.
5	Yum! Just ate here. Veggie burger was deeeelish. It was made with black beans and had great flavor. I had a bite of my friends Greek burger which had olive tempenade and feta cheese. It had great tang. Amazing fries and tasted the tater tots. It was a combo of sweet potato and regular and came with a brown sugar dipping sauce ... Soooo good and soooo bad. Great service. The manager Ray was extremely accommodating and friendly.
4	The "morning ride" will serve you well, it's 2 meals in 1! Who could resist a bacon & egg breakfast on top of your burger?? It is delicious and incredibly messy! Be sure to wash it down with plenty of suds.
4	For the past few months, I've been going to Kickstand pretty regularly every Tuesday for trivia night , and I really think this place has fallen into a good rhythm. The servers always do a bang-up job (quickly take your order and quickly have your food out). I pretty much always get the spin class burger, which has never failed to hit the spot.  The tater tots sometimes are a little room-temperature, but on my most recent visit they were piping hot out of the fryer and perfect.  Their root beer floats are a nice little indulgence every once in awhile, too.  It's a great scene here, and I'm glad they've manage to keep this space alive on Central.
4	I've never met a burger that I didn't like.  And, I still haven't.  This place serves up some pretty tastey burgers.  I've been here twice and liked both burgers and sides that I got.  There are a lot of different burgers to try and sometimes can feel a little overwhelming.  My advice, go with your first choice.  You won't be disappointed!
3	I really like Kickstand but there are a few problems that stop the all powerful 4-5 star review from happening. First off, me and my crew eat 99% vegetarian. Lots of choices ( compared to most places) for us to choose from. I love the shrimp burger and the black bean burger. You can also order a veggie burrito from Loco next door. The kids menu has a roasted corn on the cob that my son orders every time.  So three cheers for some non-beef options. Now for the bad. Music is loud and inappropriate for kids. Sorry, not to sound old but it's hard to eat with kids when Eminem is thumbing. Now take the loud music and add and ADHD effect with 57 tv going at the same time. So if you crave sweet potato fried and a decent veggie burger while eating inside a MTV studio then head to Kickstand.
4	So last night was my first 'check-in' to Kickstand but we frequent the bar.  This is my first write up on it and I have to share the experiences.Certainly worth 4 stars.  Compared to other burgers in Elizabeth, it is an easy 5.  We recommend the Veggie burger, Cycle Zydeco, and their customize option.  I'm not one for veggie burgers but this one is wonderful.  My wife gets it everytime... and she's a meat eater too.  I ordered beef w/ monterey jack, bacon, fried egg, onion, bbq sauce.  They got it right.  It was perfect.  Faux real.They also have reasonable prices on bar and it's a great place for sports.
3	I met up with some friends in Charlotte last night and they took me to Kickstand.  If they hadn't told me this was a burger joint, I would have mistook it for a sports bar.  In fact, if I lived in Charlotte, I'd probably come here to watch sports.The restaurant shares the same building (and restrooms) with an Americanized Mexican restaurant next door.  To enter either restaurant, you must enter a common area in between.  This area has a few TVs and arcade video game machines.  Kickstand itself has a ton of TVs.  Some of the booths have their own TVs.  There's a long bar and a separate room where I saw some Wii action going on.  There are also some outdoor patios.Kickstand offers a wide variety of burgers, about 20 different kinds, that range anywhere in price from $7 to $14 per plate.  Each plate comes with a side.  Some of the more interesting sides that caught my attention include the sweet potato tater tots ("sweet tater tots") and the gourmet corn on the cob.I ordered the sweet tater tots because I've never had tater tots made out of sweet potatoes before.  The tater tots looked and tasted just how you'd imagine them.  If you've had sweet potato fries before, it's the same idea.  You get the same sweetness and consistency of the sweet potatoes in your tater tots.  The sweet tater tots are served with a brown sugar butter syrup which is very rich and thick.One of my friends got the gourmet corn on the cob and it looked like it was fried or slightly charred with seasonings and sprinkled with a bit of Parmesan cheese.  Yum.As for my burger, I went all out and got the "Hung Over Cyclist."  This burger has two grilled cheese sandwiches as the bun.  By default, the burger comes with just a tomato on top, but I asked for lettuce and onion too.  All this for just $7.50.When it was served to me, it looked like a plate with two grilled cheese sandwiches, except the two grilled cheese sandwiches had stuff on top of them.  One had lettuce, tomato, and onion on top, while the other had a burger patty.  I added some ketchup to the patty, put the two suckers together, and chomped down.  Not bad!  The Hung Over Cyclist tasted exactly how it looked.  There was lots of extra bread and cheese because I was basically biting into two sandwiches at once.  It still tasted like a burger, though, because of the hamburger meat.  I finished everything, including my tots.Towards the end of my meal, I realized the server did not ask me how I wanted my burger cooked.  I'm used to getting asked this in Atlanta, but my Charlotte friend informed me that North Carolina has gotten more strict about cooking meat, and most places will cook burgers well-done.If I ever come back here, I think I'd order one of their traditional burgers.  While the Hung Over Cyclist was good, I ordered it more for the novelty of it.  One of my friends ordered the Kickstand Burger and it looked really good.Our server was Adam and he was great.  Kickstand has ample parking in the back in a gravel lot.
3	I headed to Kickstand for a snack and a beer to see what it had to offer, being so mainstream and located in conjunction with a sister restaurant (?).It is more a sports bar, as I went on a Sunday evening, and it was empty. The service was also really slow, though I cannot expect too much when I am just watching TV. I went with the chili and the OMB Captain Jack. Props for offering a local brew.The food is not super expensive, about right for a place that provides a watering hole with some TV. My chili was not bad. It was chunky and had a kick, but it was missing that Texas depth that I like in my bowl o' red. The sweet cornbread was a good pairing.Kickstand is a cool place to grab a brew and have something to munch on, but there are cooler places around this trendy area of town to do both. I would recommend you check out other options. This is a little boring.
3	I love toppings- food accessories- dipping sauces- I'm a major fan. However, I think Kickstand reached a topping crescendo. I got the Kickstand burger and the fig preserves were yummy, the onions were yummy, if I could have tasted my brie it probably would have been yummy too- however it was just too much. I can't really dislike any place with outdoor seating in walkable distance to my house (oh yeah $2 mimosas on the day I went!) but it just wasn't anything special and with so many dining options Kickstand should be special.
4	Hellooooooo hamburgers!  I don't give anything 5 stars, but Kickstand definitely gets the highest 4-star I can give.So the hubs & I went to the sister spot about a week ago (Loco Limes), and Kickstand popped in my head tonight to try out when I wanted some to-go grub for home. Perusing their menu online made for a *really* difficult ordering situation for me personally -- there's SO MUCH that sounds SOOOOOO GOOOOOD!  I'm all about mixed flavors, the "weird" over-the-top stuff.  Hubs order was easy:  Two Speed (bacon cheese burger) with tots.  I opted for The Trek (steak sauce, bleu cheese, caramelized onions) and...get this...sweet potato tots!  Holy good googly moogly are you kidding me?  That was the literal cherry on top.The portions on the burger platters are plenty to fill up even ravishing appetites.  Being the mac & cheese sucker that I am, I got the homemade "shells & cheese" as an extra side. Very rich and creamy, but not really worth the extra side price.Since I ordered to-go, I did have to wait just a few minutes for my order to be ready (not too long, I called ahead).  Nice bar atmosphere & looks like a great spot to hit during sports seasons -- flat-screen TVs on every available wall space (literally I think there are 30 TVs in total).Outside patio includes a mounted dart board and two cornhole setups.  Don't miss out on some pretty good drink specials too -- the variety looks very nice and their beer selection is pretty broad.  1/2 price appetizers during the week from 4-6p also!Only suggestion I have for improvement:  pave the parking lot!!!  Only the handicapped spots are paved (which is what we use), but you have to drive through gravel to get to them.
2	I was really excited about this place.  Cool atmosphere, one of my favorite parts of town but the burgers disapointed big time.  It was hard to pinpoint WHY the burgers weren't good, but my buddy who was with me, put it this way, "it tasted like they are using brand new equipment".  Metalic tasting, lighter fluid maybe?  I have no idea.  I probably won't go back.
3	I came for takeout so I only got a fleeting glimpse of ambiance, but the place seemed like your usual sports bar flavored burger spot with lots of neon.  It was pretty spacious considering the well-sized dining area, generous outdoor patio and ample bar space.  I was also intrigued by the beanbags (that which you folks call corn hole) setup outside by the patio.But all gimmicks aside, the question one always asks at a burger bar is, where's the beef.  Or rather, how's the beef.  And you know, it was just okay.  I ordered the kickstand burger, which is a "meatloaf style burger" with some tasty accoutrements.  It sounded outstanding on the menu, but was not terribly juicy when I sank my teeth into it.  The grilled onions and fig spread on it were very tasty, the brie a bit understated.  Next time I'd substitute for a sharp cheddar or something like that.  There was something on the burger that didn't taste very good, it might have been the sun dried tomato relish, or else one of the meatloafy ingredients in the burger itself.  I'm not entirely sure. It had an... unwashed taste.  However the sweet potato fries were quite tasty, none burnt.  So overall the food was okay, but I think there are better burgers to be had.
4	My boyfriend and I went today and the food was great. I had the turkey burger and he had the Tex Mex burger and they both were great. We will definitely be back.
3	Great atmosphere, great beer prices/specials ($2.75 Oktoberfest Warsteiner!) and inventive burgers. Food was OK and service spotty but they did appear to be under-staffed. Will try again.
4	I have been here since it used to be something else, mostly for the half price appetizer deal from 4-6pm. Let me just say, I appreciate any places that offer half price happy hour... it's easy on the wallet and a perfect early dinner option.I do have a small complaint regarding Kickstand's menu.  They have a very small appetizer section, since they put wings and flatbread in their own categories.  And they don't count soup as appetizer (even though it's listed IN the appetizer section). It is sort of confusing... I don't think straight when I'm hungry you know.I ordered the sliders (mushroom & swiss).  I love sliders, they look oh-so-adorable, don't they? Better yet, this place has tiny buns that the patties stick out from... all the naked juiciness exposed, calling my name, asking me to ravage them (Is it me or it's hot in here, whew!  Sorry for a little R-rated narration lol).  Back to the sliders... the burger has flavor, the mushroom was plentiful for this size of a burger.  And don't underestimate these little babies, they can be filling.But just as I ordered the sliders, my eyes wondered to another item called "fried grits."  Not being a big grits fan, I overlooked this item at first, but then something caught my eyes... did I see SAUSAGE & SHRIMP & GRAVY!?!  Holy Molly, it has "Peggy" written all over that.  So as much as I know I'm over-ordering, I got one of this bad boy and man, it was yummy.  The grits was slightly fried to give just a little crunch.  But it's mostly covered in this savory brown gravy with just a little chopped sausage and 2 shrimps (well... the shrimps were kind of tasteless) and chopped green onions.  It's not a big portion, and I almost picked up the plate to lick it clean.The service was decent as well.  I sat at the bar, reading my magazine, and the bartender checked on me enough.  I ended up with a bill of just over $10 (after tax, before tips), that also included an ice cold Oktoberfest beer.  May I say Budget Friendly?!
4	love this place! awesome selection of unusual burgers. the kickstand burger is heavenly as are the tater tots. check in on four square and get 1/2 of an app. good ber selection and personal TVs in each booth. patio area is super cute & atmosphere is fun - definitly worth a try!
2	What's to say? I mean another classic example of overloaded wait staff on a football Sunday afternoon.  Staff up people!  The experience started out fine but ended horribly with us waiting for nearly 15-20 minutes just to cash out.  In between the beginning and end of our stay we were bombarded with nearly warm beer and ghost like service.  Oh well, I had high hopes and I'll probably give it another shot in time when the place isn't as crowded.  PS.  If you are a Redskins fan, this is your place!  They have a whole room dedicted to you.
4	It is hard to stick out when you are a burgers and fries sort of spot.  These guys do it though - by having a great menu.I've eaten here at normal dinner hours, late night, and for lunch and I've never had bad service.  The staff has always been friendly and attentive when I've been there, but I don't ever expect miracles.So how could I complain about good burgers and great beer?  My fave is a pint of Dales and their Morning Ride burger, with a salad instead of fries.  Awesome.Their sides are great, don't want fries? Get tots, or sweet potato tots, or both, or a salad.  One of the best burgers joints in town.  Hope they stick around.
4	I was very impressed to see a vast menu full of flavor explosions!!! I loved the Blue Burger Salad. Yes, a burger on a salad with Blue Cheese dressing. Great tots and good beer specials. Can't wait to go  back for more!
5	For the last sixteen weeks, I've enjoyed the food and the service at The Kickstand.  They so graciously hosted our Redskins fan group every Sunday during the season and as the it turned out, finding this place was the best part of the football season.  There's more tv's in this place than one can imagine including booth tv's near the bar.  The bar is awesome too.  For a trendy restaurant in Plaza Midwood, the beer is cold and cheap - a huge plus and a rare find.  For a burger place, you might not expect the wings to be a main attraction however the Spicy Tiger wings are clearly off the hook and fried pickle fans: by far the best in town.  Most places fried pickles are the dill chips while these guys fry up the spears for more pickle-y goodness.  The burger menu is something put together by a mad-burger-scientist.  The Hangover is two grilled cheese sandwiches with a tomato and a burger in between.  Not just a cheese burger with toast but 2 grilled cheese sandwiches!  That's insanity...and so good.  They have everything you can imagine and you can tell it's all fresh.  Salads are pretty good too.  They use real lettuce (not the iceberg junk) and fresh vegetables - not something else you'd find at a burger joint.  Usually the salad is a complete after thought and the last thing you'd order.  Overall, this place rocks!  Service is great. Food is great! What more can you ask for?
5	Great burger,Great burger the second time I ordered it,Great deal on PBR ("$1 for a can?" "Whoops, no, $1 for an ice-cold draft" - all the time!),Great little side salad,Sub-par corn-on-the-cob but c'mon I ordered it in late January, Great service, Super friendly staff, Bicycle friendly!, TV's for sports it that's your thing,Cornbag out back, Darts out back
3	Kickstand should definitely win the theme award, with plenty of dishes with bike names (tricycle = three patty burger, etc). And it is not a bad space either - though parking can be a bit tough at times. They do have a pretty cool patio, but as there is no shade you have to hope for some perfect weather to use it.The food is on the average end, however. Nothing really stands out that makes you want to take a special trip and deal with the parking situation, and if you should happen by the place when there is a large crowd, look out. Service goes from bad to worse.At times, servers can wander around the room a bit aimlessly. If you do get their attention then you are set, and it doesn't seem that they are understaffed, as the levels seem fine, but their attention appears to waver.Add it all up and there are plenty of choices so this may not always be the best one.
2	Met a friend for the Carolina/Duke game(Go Heels!) we had been wanting stop here for awhile both of us love a good burger. During the first half we ordered fried pickles which were great. The breading was thick but well seasoned and did not over power the actual pickle. For my burger I ordered the signature Kick stand. It was ok, there was not much flavor other than the basil. It was also bit over cooked for my taste. The sweet potato tater tots however were scrumptious, who needs dessert?! Overall it's a great place to watch a game since they have more TV's than Best Buy, the beer menu is decent with offerings from local breweries but for a burger place I am disappoint.
5	I'm updating this review and rating for a couple of reasons.  1) I've eaten/drank my worries away here a dozen times or so and I've never had a bad experience.2)The food is always cooked exactly as I expect whether it's 2pm for lunch or 9.30pm for a late (Late for the US) dinner.3)Beer knowledge.  When my wife couldn't see the tap handles from our booth she asked our server to just pick one for her, he proceeded to ask what type of beer she was in the mood for and then made an excellent selection.4)Atmosphere.  This place has been consistently busy, with tvs every where (good when important sporting events are going on, otherwise generally distracting), and is always clean.How good is it?  My cravings for "Mexican" food pop up about 4x's a day and I've never been to the restaurant attached to Kickstand because if I'm driving over there, I'm grabbin a morning ride.
4	After watching an episode of How I Met Your Mother about searching for the perfect burger, my friends and I suddenly had a mad hankering for a burger.  We headed down to Kickstand tonight in order to sate our cravings.This is not my first trip here, but I've yet to review this place.  I simply love this place; they have some tasty burgers and appetizers.  Let me tell you about some of the great things here.On our first night here, we ordered the nachos as an appetizer.  Imagine a gigantic platter, completely filled with chips, and piled high with cheese, jalapenos, chili, beans, and the usual nacho condiments.  Truly, two people could eat this as a meal, and probably four people could eat this an an appetizer.  The chili on it is not too hot and not too sweet, with a solid flavor.  We love these things, and have ordered them more than once now.The first burger we tried was the Fender Bender, with chili, fried onions, mushrooms, and even bacon.  It was pretty good, but more of a knife-and-fork kind of burger.  We had their tater tots, which are pretty tasty as well.  We had tried Le Trek burger (grilled onions, blue cheese, steak sauce & chipotle mayo) with bacon added - which might very well be the most perfect burger.  My partner has also had the Kickstand burger, which was a little disappointing (the cranberry chutney and brie are just weird on a burger).  You can also build your own burger, as well as choose from veggie and turkey burgers, other sandwiches, plus hotdogs.  I am told the vegetarian burger is awesome with beef instead of the veggie patty itself.  Their sweet potato tater tots are ok too.  Not to mention they have some decent beer specials, including $1 PBRs every night.Service has been pretty great each time we've been here, and each time it's been on a busy weekend night.  My biggest complaint is that the parking situation is a pain.  There are no lines in the parking lot, and people just park wherever, making it difficult to navigate the lot.  This is a great place to grab a burger and a beer while watching a game.
5	Planned and hosted many an event here. Must say that this is our go-to spot in Plaza. You really can't go wrong with $1 PBR every night of the week. (Hipsters UNITE!)The staff has always been so kind and willing to get to know us as regulars. Derek, Justin, Telley, Jenny, Sunny and Jessica are always smiling and busting to make sure everything is running shipshape. My wife and I had our rehearsal dinner here and Bryson did an amazing job serving our group of close to 50 people. One server, one room. He conquered it. I've had my last two birthday parties here. Flawless as well. The private dining room is awesome. You can shut the doors and make it more intimate for your group. Great option. Been to many a catered event here as well. They have a great system down. The Food: You can't really find a burger on the menu that you won't like. (I recommend the cuban, running machine or the pocket press) Recently tried the sliders and they are rockin'. Wings are awesome. Head over on Wednesdays for $.50 wings. Great flavors. Especially crazy about Barbalo (Buffalo/BBQ)Definitely one of our staples in the QC. Can't believe I'm just now writing this review.
4	Now that The Penguin is a no-go (sorry, Ballentyne, but you can suck it), and The Diamond somehow doesn't serve up the burgers the same way (and neither, incidentally, does Pinky's Westside, across town and inherited of some of the Penguin's former staff), my intrepid food-companion games up to hit Kickstands when I am in a burger mood. They've recently renovated the menu a little bit (the eponymously-named Kickstand Burger no longer has the fig preserves as an option, instead opting for the cranberry chutney as the sole accompaniment - which is a good choice, because, honestly, the fig just didn't stand up to it), but most everything I've had here is incredibly tasty. The pico on the Cross Country could use a little more kick, and I'm not crazy about the chili used on the Fender Bender, but those are nitpicks. The Trek is a solid winner, and the Kickstand is pretty danged mouth-watering. The sides are worth some time on their own, too - I love that the sweet 'tater tots come with a brown sugar glaze, and the option of mixing the tot versions is pretty good stuff. I'm a mac 'n cheese snob, so it's a little disappointing that theirs seems to be Velveeta Shells & Cheese, but the orzo salad makes a nice alternacarb, if you're down. All in all: a solid joint for a burger. I am still in search of a replacement for my old Penguin standby, though: big block, all the way and Southern style. Guess I'll have to keep looking for my perfect burger...
4	I used to really despise Kickstand considering I got food poisoning my very first time there. Then in a rush to find a place for 20 people on a Friday night at 8pm (graduation time too!), my parents insisted we try it out. The servers were very friendly and whipped us together a table in their private room in seriously like 0.2 seconds. Everything came out quickly and our server was very attentive. I've tried it a few times since then, and each time my food is decent, at the very least.
4	I've been here a few times and find the experience consistent.  I have only had the "Spin class" veggie burger but it is a good one.  The veggie burger is crispy on the outside and not too soft inside.  It has a nice flavor and I actually like it just the way they serve it except I get the sauce on side to control the calories.  The meat-eaters I've been with all enjoyed their burgers too, also good remarks for the wings, chicken sandwich and shrimp burger.  Sweet tots are yummy but find the brown sugar dipping sauce overkill.  A great beer selection is icing on the cake!
5	I've probably been here 20 or more times and for some reason never taken time to sit down and write a review of one of my favorite places in Charlotte. I've tried most of the burgers and they are all really good. They use a high grade beef which is always really well seasoned and cooked perfectly. That said my favorite  burger would have to be the Morning Ride. I've always been hesitant about an egg on a burger, but wow was I wrong. This might be one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. It's more like a breakfast sandwich with the toasted english muffin, bacon, hard fried egg, cheese, and hollandaise sauce. For sure worth a shot. I always get mine with combo tots, it's half an order of sweet tater tots (which is served with this awesome warm syrup dipping sauce) and half regular tots. Of course you really can't go wrong with any of the burgers here. Also, the flatbreads are really good if you're in the mood for something a little lighter. The horseradish steak and veggie ones are amazing. I would have to say though that my favorite thing about this place might not even be the food. The entire staff is super friendly. It's almost like your hanging out with good pals rather than your standard customer proprietor transaction. They take the time to find out what teams/sports you like and best bet the next time you are in there they will have your favorite team on one of their kagillion TVs before you have time to order your first beer. Next time you want a cold beer and hot burger done right, make it a point to stop by.
5	The BEST burgers in town!  After trying a burger at Kickstand and loving it, a friend of mine said I should try Bad Daddy's because they are known for their burgers.  Bad Daddy's didn't even come close to the juicy deliciousness of the burgers at Kickstand.Besides the burgers, their shells and cheese, brocolli, and sweet potato tots are on point.  SO TASTY!The waitstaff has always been super friendly, too.
4	Kickstand Burgers & Bar is a nice place to just chill out with  your friends.  Loved the environment!When  you first walk in through the front door and see sight of the skeeball machine, don't get distracted and forget to turn right.  The building is connecting two restaurants, and if you turn left, you'll end up going into another restaurant!  Just thought I'd put it out there.Anyways, when I walked in, I thought the place inside looked very nice and chill.  I liked how they had an old looking bike set up in the corner of the restaurant, and there was an old tricycle set up in another part of the restaurant.  Some booths that I passed by were wicked cool, and let me tell you why.  For the booths I saw, there was a small TV in each booth!  How great if you're watching a game so you won't have to arch your neck or squint your eyes to see what's going on.  Kudos to that.  But I did not sit inside.  My group decided to sit outside since it was nice out.  The scenery there was not too shabby at all.  There were even ceiling fans out so we weren't sweating too much.Our server was great the whole time.  Great service!  He was always checking up on us making sure we were happy and had everything that we needed.  Friendly service always helps with the atmosphere.The food was amazeballs.  For an appetizer, we ordered the Pimento Cheese Fries and they were so delicious!  I had to make sure to check myself and not take more than my share.  Good thing it was on the other side of the table or I would've killed that plate by myself!  My friend and I decided to split an order of wings, and what a good choice we made.  The wings were delicious with the Garlic Parmesan sauce dabbled over the wings.  It wasn't an overwhelming taste at all.  Just right.  For my burger, I chose The Cuban and my friends decided to make their own burgers.  I might have to try that one day for a fun experiment.  My burger was delicious though, no complaints other than it was just so HUGE.  It's definitely worth your money to try out food here because they give you a good amount.  I was totally stuffed with amazing food in a chill environment.Everyone who is looking for a burger joint to just eat good food and have a great time with friends needs to check this place out for sure.
4	The CLT CM brought me here to ease my hunger, 10pm on a weeknight. It's a bike bar -- but not those kinds of bikes. Cruisers serve as decor. Good-looking beer list, with some locals featured -- though sadly, they were out of the brew I wanted. Ended up with the Olde Meck Copper... an interesting beer.For food, I wolfed down the namesake Kickstand Burger. With caramelized onions, brie, and a cranberry sauce. Yum! Fries are unsalted, and have a crusty texture. But you can order tots instead, and the tots are tops!
4	Great neighborhood spot. The food is priced right for the quality. Had the vegetarian sliders last visit and they were great with just the right amount of spice.Four stars because its too loud inside and service is choppy - slow at times. Great place though. Definitely recommend it!
3	Kickstand is a fun joint. I've been a couple times for dinner, and for an event recently. The staff is friendly and very welcoming, and all the biking decor certainly sets it apart from other QC eateries.They have a decent enough selection of beer, nothing out of this world, but better than most. I think the same can be said of the food offerings. Their burgers are decent, though I've had a range of qualities in my visits - consistency takes time, and they are working on it. Their signature burger, dressed with brie and cranberry sauce, is a different take on things that I enjoyed. The fact that you can get sweet potato tots is a nice addition, too.I will say, though, that the parking situation is abysmal. You can't navigate the gravel lot, once down a row you're only exit is to put it in reverse and hope no one is trying to enter, and those raised embankments make even SUVs run aground. Come on guys...Neat place, neat area, and with a few glitches worked out, could stand to be a long-lasting spot.
4	Kickstand was pretty awesome... I came here for a dinner with friends and well to meet the new CM (community manager)! They hosted a nice CMYE event the night I came here. So lets get down to the plethora of dishes we ate and tried out. So lets talk about the inside. I came here once before, but I never really got to try out their menu and food. Inside, it seems pretty new especially the area that used to reside here. First thing we ordered as an appetizer was the Fries with Pimento Cheese, which came on a big plate filled with friese and melted pimento cheese on top with green onions. It was pretty delicious. Along with that the other appetizer we got was Shrimp and Grits. This wasn't too bad, as it was just kind of normal shrimp and grits, salty, tasty, and has something I can't describe. All I ask is to try it and see for yourself, I promise you won't be disappointed.We also ordered Wings with Garlic Parmesan. In my opinion, it was just okay. Myself, I don't really like wings that much, but it could be improved on flavor in my opinion. They were glazed on with the sauce as well, and came with dippings of ranch and celery.Next thing on the menu I got was the burger entree. For this I created my own masterpiece. I ordered a Single with Swiss, Guacamole, Mushrooms, and Chili. (There's a picture if you feel like scrolling through) Yes. It was monstrous, and delicious. I believe someone took a picture of me stuffing my face with guacamole and chili on my face. Anyways, the point is that this place has full customization dealing with their burgers. Different toppings you choose has different prices. I believe the Guacamole and Chili was a dollar and the Swiss and Mushrooms had a price tag on themselves. However, if you're not flowing in your creative juices on what will be good... you can steal my recipe! Haha, or be plain and boring and order from what they created (which is not bad either!)All in all, I had some great times with friends here sitting outside eating a monstrous burger and enjoying it. I saw some yelp friends and had a nice beer. The service was wonderful we got seated promptly, drinks came, and all was fine and dandy throughout my whole dining experience. I will definitely come back here if I'm craving for a nice sit down burger. The next creation will definitely be written down and reviewed on here.
5	Painter Smurf and I dropped in for dessert since they have updated the menu since the Redskins season last year. The BROWNIE A LA MODE is the best, a very soft, moist, warm gooey brownie, served with vanilla ice cream swizzled with chocolate syrup. It is worth every penny. I've even been just for the brownie alone.The fried pickles are good as well, since they are cut in spears and breaded with a seasoned bread, great starter to any meal.The spicy tiger wings are the best, with a sweet and hot flavor.#HTTR and Painter Smurf's home bar when he's in Charlotte.
4	My wife and I are big fans of the french fries. The burgers are great, too, but it's the fries that have us bypassing Bad Daddy's and making the 20 minute trip to Kickstand. They also have a very cool, laid back atmosphere and plenty of TVs.
3	Not quite 3 stars, but not quite deserving of 4. As burger joints go, Kickstand's got plenty of personality and charm. I love their bicycle motif, and the bikes regaled with beer logos serve as both a nice touch and plenty of advertising for local and domestic brews. Burger-wise, though, there's nothing that really stands out. Kudos for introducing a different spin on burgers, topping them with several veggie combos one wouldn't commonly think of, but, frankly, their burgers don't really knock me out. For one, the patty itself is achingly small, in comparison to other burger shops around town. And the patty tastes alright. It could stand a little extra seasoning.Having heard plenty about Kickstand, I must admit I was mildly disappointed. But I'm very willing to give Kickstand another shot, because it does possess some redeeming qualities to make me a return customer.But, really, a burger should kick me in the ass. Instead, a taste of their burgers felt more like a toddler nibbling your finger with their baby teeth.Oh, and keep in mind...parking sucks. If you show up at an off time, you're golden, but when the joint's crowded, you're SOL when it comes to parking in their offensively small parking lot.
2	I had an ok experience, it was during lunch on the weekend... not a lot of people inside and they had the games on but the TVs were blasting loud... couldnt enjoy conversation. I ordered the french dip, it was very greasy... the au ju appeared to be some form of a gravy. The tots were good.. nice and crunchy and not too salty. Its a ride from my house and not a place I would go out of the way to go to again.
4	Oh.My.God! I tried out Kickstand based off of the Yelp Newsletter that went out on the best burgers in the Queen City and noticed that someone wrote a rave review about Kickstand's veggie burger. Now, truth to be told, I am a sucker for anything with guacamole, so when I saw the burger was topped with it and chipotle ranch, I was sold. My girlfriends and I each got a different burger and everyone was extremely pleased with their meals. I don't think I will even be able to try a non-veggie burger at Kickstand for a long time, because I loved the black bean veggie burger so much. Someone gave me a tip next time to try the slider version because it's a little bit easier to eat, which I plan on taking them up on. I made a total mess and had food everywhere and on everything. Good thing I was with some girlfriends and not on a date with my boyfriend, not that it's nothing he hasn't seen before :) Service was overall very good and our server gave us his honest opinion and took good care of us during the lunchtime. Only reason for 4 stars instead of five, we couldn't eat outside on a beautiful fall day because I guess flies would be an issue.
5	We were traveling in Charlotte and looking for a cool place to spend an afternoon.  This place was IT!  Great atomosphere, awesome food and excellent beer selection.  The owner come over to talk with us a few times, and our waiter was personable and willing to visit with us when he was not busy.  They have an awesome patio, although it was a little too cool for us to be outside.  We found a few cool places in Charlotte and Kickstand was the highlight of our trip.  Thank you for making our day!
5	Wow! Tried kickstand for the first time today for a late lunch and to watch football. Nice interior and great patio. Has 42" tvs every 3 feet so you can watch any game you want - they have the EspN game plan, fox sports package, and big 10 network ... Plus nfl Sunday ticket!About 25 beers on tap plus lots of bottles - & the burgers are delicious!  Great find.
4	There are three words that describe this restaurant... BEST BURGERS EVER! While the Kickstands offers a full menu with many flavorful options the burgers to me are this city's best kept secret.  Never before have I experienced a burger so tender, juicy, and all around masterfully constructed.  My favorite is the "hungover cyclist" which boast the Kickstand's supple burger between to grilled cheese sandwiches. You like burgers? Then go to the Kickstand!
5	Best veggie burger ever! You can't beat the $3 drafts on Tuesdays either. The staff is awesome and make sure you all of they have specials, they come up with some ridiculous burgers.
4	This place was awesome! I am definitely coming back! We visited back in the summer and enjoyed the live band on the patio and the overall atmosphere of the place. My boyfriend built his own burger and was truly impressed by the size and taste of it. I loved the syrup that was served with the sweet potato tots.
4	In the mood for a burger and wanting to try a new place, the hubs and I met a friend here recently for dinner.  First time for all of us.  They share a building with the Loco Lime and had a good bit of parking in the gravel lot behind the building. One look at the menu and I knew I wasn't going to be having an ordinary burger.  I tried the Kickstand. I'm talking brie, cranberry chutney, and grilled onions.. WOOHOO!  It was a delicious burger!  I had the tots with mine, and they were perfect.  A friend of ours had a burger with southwest flair and fries.  I snagged a couple of fries because he said they were very tasty.  He was right.  My husband had a burger with TWO grilled cheese sandwiches for the bun.  Yes, that's right.. they make two grilled cheese sandwiches and slap a burger between them.  It looked like the heart-attack-waiting-to-happen that you'd expect, and the hubby said it was really tasty.  He also had the "gourmet corn" which was amazing!We also sampled the Spicy Tiger wings.  I have had these wings on my mind ever since!  They were a great flavor combo and I will be back soon for more. I may have to try the "fried grits and shrimp" next time around, too.  That sounded amazing.Kickstand boasts a decent beer selection and a menu that's flexible, inventive and varied.  More than just burgers, for sure.  We had excellent service and even on trivia night, the noise level wasn't such that we couldn't enjoy conversation.  We will be back for sure, hopefully on $.50 wing night, which is Wednesday!
5	THE BEST BURGER EVER!!!  The service is great. I've always greeted by several workers and sometimes I think the owner. I think this place is charlotte's best kept burger secret. The menu includes much many more awsome items other than burgers.  The sweet potato tots are a nice addition to the menu. Make sure you get there before 11pm if you want the full menu.
4	Kids eat free with paying adult on Tuesdays!!!!!
3	I've been here several times before.  I mostly go when they have live music which is always good. The staff has always been friendly.  I mostly have had bar snacks. They used to have these loaded cheese fries that was AMAZING but the last time I was in, it wasn't on the menu. I'm sure they'd still make it for me if I asked. (Yes, they are that nice.)I had noticed several times the shrimp burger but being at a burger joint I had never actually went with it. However, this past Friday, it was lent and I remembered the awesome shrimp burger. I was so excited to finally try it. I placed an order for pick up and it was ready and steaming in 15 mins flat. the french fries were even better than I remembered and I ate those right up.  The shrimp burger  . . . was different than I expected.  It was almost like a salmon cake. It was good, but not what I expected. The sauce was great. The patty was extremely moist. Maybe a little too much as it fell apart as I ate it. I would definitely order it again.
4	FINALLY got around to eating at Kickstand, which is a shame b/c I'm all about some bicycles (which you could throw some more bicycle decor in there and I'd be happier). My friend and I went here yesterday for lunch- definitely a "hipster" feel to it, and after we turned the TV off at our table we were able to have a much better conversation. Our waitress- was hilarious. On the ball and helping us with some recommendations. I went for the Veggie burger- black bean. DELISHHH! Not too spicy and not too "black bean plain." The fries were pretty darn good as well. One thing I thought added a nice touch- flavored salt. Yeah, not some new age invention- but the Smoky Merrywood flavored salt added a wonderful kick in my pants of flavor on my fries- I also dumped it on my burger (though the burger is good enough to stand alone). My friend got the Turkey burger with tots- also excellent. Even if you don't live near the Central area- trek over and make the trip to this place. Awesome food!
4	Great burgers and really good service. The beer selection is large and the fried pickles are some of the best in Charlotte!
4	Just a quick update since I've eaten here several times since I first wrote. Now i can speak to their food. I ordered a crispy buffalo chicken sandwich with blue cheese crumbles on ciabatta and it was awesome! I would go with tots versus fries as the fries tasted well...a little like they have been frozen for quite some time. I've tried some of their other options as well but overall the Buffalo has been my favorite (warning though it's not very spicy). Overall the service is always very quick and friendly. It makes for ideal spot for a quick late-night meal option or even take-out lunch.
5	This is my favorite sports bar in Charlotte.  I'm probably a little biased since I live in the neighborhood, but I really haven't found a better one in my 4+ years here.I don't feel like I need to explain much.  They have a solid selection of cold beer and great bar food.  I'm looking for burgers and wings at a sports bar and they do both well.They have a really cozy atmosphere with that sleek dark wood interior that I'm a huge fan of.  The guys working the bar have all been really friendly as well.  This is everything I look for in a neighborhood bar.
4	My friend, her husband and two sons were visiting from Ohio.  They wanted to go somewhere that had burgers for their sons, so I suggested Kickstand.  We were seated at a spacious, round table with crayons provided for children.  This was most excellent because one son, who has autism, loves to color and draw.  He felt quite comfortable in this place that was new to him.  I ordered a salad featuring a multitude of ingredients, including walnuts, tomatoes and blue cheese.  It featured a burger on top, so I chose black bean.  The blue cheese vinaigrette that accompanied it was tasty and the right amount for the salad.  The children ordered nachos and burgers, which promptly disappeared.  My friend had the turkey burger with a side of vibrantly green broccoli.  She stated that the broccoli was a little hard to cut, but that did not stop her from eating it.  Her husband ordered the chicken sandwich, which he inhaled.  Our waiter kept my water glass full and was the right amount of attentive.  Parking is a bit sparse, but a little driving around was well worth the dining experience.
5	I tried the Spin Class veggie burger in my new effort to eat healthier. I don't know if it was healthy or not but i do know it was the best spin class i have ever had and the best burger with meat or without that I've tried. Fantastic! I wonder if tomorrow is too soon to go back and get one. I liked that it came with a whole wheat bun as well.
4	Can't give this place a 5-star rating for one reason and one reason alone...their wings. Although good, they just simply are not spicy enough. I'm not one of those spice-nuts either. I like a good spice, but one where I can still taste the wing. Their hottest flavor, "Chef's Blazin' Hot" tastes of pure spice, but isn't actually spicy at all. Big dissapointment because the wings are good, flavorful wings...just no heat when you want it! If they had a siracha-type of wing or a standard hot buffalo, this place would be off the charts. Who knows, maybe they'll pay attention to this post and had some heat to their wing line-up. One can only hope.
5	My husband and I have visited Kickstand twice now, and both times we left satisfied and smiling. Both times we each picked the build a burger. It's just how it sounds, so I picked a single patty, with cheddar cheese, and an english muffin (toasted). I've also had the wheat bun, but definitely English muffin for the win. I've had the tater tots, and the fries, and both are good, but I think tater tots slightly edge out the fries. My husband also got the gourmet corn on the cob, but it just had too much on it for my liking (cheese, butter, salt, etc.). We got the layered nachos and they were good, but a great tip from JJ was to get the pimento cheese fries. I'm sure we will be trying them soon. One of the best things is that they have multiple ciders on draft. They also have Red's Apple Ale on special (or at least when I was there) on Friday, a 22oz for $3.50. Can't beat that.
5	SO GOOD!My wife took me to Kickstand for my birthday. I was really looking for a great burger, some tots, and a quality beer. I got exactly what I was looking for and some pleasant surprises along the way.I chose the first signature burger on the list. Honestly, the best burger I've eaten in the past 3 years. Cooked medium, pepper jack cheese, pico de gallo, quac, and BBQ sauce on a delicious kaiser bun. A perfect balance of sweet and spice, fresh ingredients, and cooked to perfection.Top it off with tots, a cold beer, a beautiful day, and a great patio - happy birthday to me.The environment was fun and friendly with excellent service. Thanks Kickstand - see you again soon.
4	Great burgers and brew! The staff is great as well!
5	Exactly the type of place that makes me happy to live in Charlotte.  Atmosphere is spot on - casual, just enough TV's, outdoor patio.  Food was righteous - we had a variety of burgers - every one was creative, perfectly cooked, and full of flavor.  Nice beer selection.  Another 5 star offering in plaza midwood.
4	Very good burger! I order the double turkey on whole wheat. It was cooked perfectly, not too dry, which is unusual. Cannot wait to come back. Also $3 draft on Tuesday!
3	Burgers and Beer ,with triviaCame for the Wed. trivia, and had a couple beers.  The prices were average $4-5 for a micro-draft beer.  The Nachos plate was big and had nice chicken chunks.  The Trivia on Weds is fun, and you get extra bonus points if you order certain drinks during the game.  Staff was nice and accommodated our huge group.  I would like to come back and actually try one of their burgers.
4	Great! I was here with a larg group and the server was not phased by the number, she was friendly and at the top of her game. We had a few appetizers inculding the mozzarella sticks which had great flavor, the fries...so light amd crispy,  and the wings...oh yum, you can't go wrong with any flavor Kickstand offers. I also had the beef sliders with bacon, cheese, and bbq sauce. They were great! The buns were fresh, the burgers were right off of the grill, the bacon was cooked perfectly, and cheese was melty goodness! I can't wait to visit Kickstand again!
4	I've rolled up in groups of 8+ both times I've been here for Trivia and they've been able to accommodate us both times (impressive).  Although, your full group has to be there in order to be seated.Trivia starts at 8pm on Wednesdays and is fun.  Teams get points for drinking specific beers or drinks or shots, therefore a team that drinks strategically can easily win.  The questions are entertaining and challenging.  Example: an entire category where the answers have "poo" in them or one word to describe a movie.  Kickstand features salt from Salts of the Earth (of 7th Street Public Market) as well.
5	My wife and I have been here twice and both times have been thoroughly enjoyable.  Everything from friendly and helpful staff members to fantastic food, this place is just great.  Local beer selection is a big plus for me and I wasn't disappointed.  The burgers are on the messy side, but taste fantastic (the kickstand is just great).  I have been recommending this place since we happened upon it!
5	Kickstand is about as good as it gets! The food is insanely good and there is something for everyone. I got the booty burger and it was a masterpiece! The atmosphere was upbeat and fun. Everything was was clean and the food came out FAST. I'll be back for sure!
5	Love the atmosphere. The manager stops by the table to check in. All of the burgers are amazing!
4	Service was great. Beer was cheap. Good menu options for large parties including veggies.
5	Great burger and beer!I am always searching for the best black and blue burger and found the almost best at Kickstand! We also loved the beer and cider choices. They serve Lagunitas so they have to be GOOD!
5	Awesome burgers, every burger on the menu is tastey. Awesome craft beer selection and friendly staff. One of my regular spots.
4	Grabbed dinner here last week, and let me say - big fan of this place. Great service, great burgers, GREAT beer menu. Anywhere with a bunch of local brews on tap can't be bad in my book, but what's more, our waitress impressed the socks off of me with her knowledge of the beer menu. She had clearly tried all of the beers they had listed and was able to describe them and make recommendations based on what we said we liked. What's more, she was just...pleasant. Nice. A great waitress. Really seemed to like her job. Hats off to Kickstand for the training of your wait staff! It really did positively contribute to my experience.On to the burgers! I recently went to Block & Grinder over on Providence and had their burger, so it's hard for me to not compare them. B&G's burger is clearly a statement, with the branded bun and the premium condiments, and I can definitely appreciate that - it was a great burger. But Kickstand's burgers are good in their own right, and what they might lack in quality (no, they don't have a Gruyere cheese option, sorry), they more than make up for in breadth. I went with the build your own burger, and wasn't disappointed - it was a quality specimen. And I love that they serve their burgers with tots! It's so...Napolean-Dynamite-give-me-some-of-your-tots. I went with what I've deemed the "breakfast" tots: sweet tots with brown sugar butter syrup. YUM. The reg tots were good too, though.I, for one, will definitely be back!
4	Great place to score a good burger
5	This was a fantastic place! The burgers were craft, with the richest ingredients and the most exotic ingredients for a burger. I truly enjoyed this meal. The double layer nachos were fantastic, doused in chili, cheese, sour cream, and pico. I got Le Trek which had steak sauce, garlic mayo, carmelized onions, and feta cheese. It truly was amazing. I would go back to this place in a heartbeat.
5	Lunch on the day after Christmas with 2 of our 4 kids. Stefan is always great and always helps us pick good beers.  The girls like The Running Machine, while i prefer the Cuban sandwich.  The place is becoming one of our regular lunch spots.
5	I had a surprise birthday for my girlfriend at Kickstand last Saturday and was very delighted with how well everything was taken care of from providing a private room to great food and drinks. The manager Justin really looked after each of my guests and made sure everyone was enjoying themselves. If you get a chance to stop by I would highly recommend one of their mouth-watering burgers!
3	I'll start this off by saying the parking here is kind of a challenge at lunch time. But other than the food is really great, although the portion amount is very small. I was not a big fan of that.
4	It had been a while since my last visit to Kickstand, and they have changed a few things (like no more shrimp). I feel like I'm always here with a big group and they always take care of us, whether it be servers tag teaming or the manager stopping by, I never feel like my glass has sat almost empty too long or I can't find anyone to flag down if needed.Wide variety of burgers, flat breads, and wings. I usually pick one of their signature burgers and just substitute chicken. On my last visit I had the greek one with feta, olives, and tzatziki - so good!I like the range on the menu that you can eat as healthy or as unhealthy as you want, whether you make your own, make substitutions, or pick a lighter menu item/side - there are always options, and I've never had an issue with my order. They usually have really good drink specials, so definitely check those out.
5	Kickstand Burgers & Bar is amazing.  The booty burger ( a turkey burger with avocado, pimento cheese, and a cilantro spread) is delicious and a great option if you are trying to limit red meat.  It is probably the tastiest turkey burger I've ever had.  You can hardly tell that it's turkey.  Kickstand has a laid-back atmosphere and really cool bicycle decor.  Plenty of seating and off street parking.  I sort of wish they didn't have so many TVs but the place still has a quaint atmosphere and I suppose the TVs are good for sports fans trying to keep up on games.
5	Wow. Fantastic burgers. Best I've had in Charlotte so far. They have a great selection of cleverly crafted gourmet burgers included the Cubano burger that I had which was great. Cool bar with a great outside seating area out back for the warm days/nights. Defintely recommend trying the burgers!
4	I've been a few times now, twice for a late lunch around 4/5ish and once on a Saturday night for March Madness and I've had:FRICKLES!!!! omg the best ever!Chicken tenders - 10Fried Mozzarella - 10French Dip sandwich - 9Onion Tanglers - 9Build Your Own Burger - 8Tater Tots - 8Fries - 9Citrus Chipotle Wings - 9This is my new go-to burger joint. Tied with Pinky's for the best in Charlotte that I've had so far.
4	We came to kickstand for a Wednesday night because we heard it was trivia night. We arrived around 7:30 to get a good seat and boy, did it pack up quick. We ordered a really delicious bbq chicken flatbread and a bottle of wine to keep us company while we took a stab at the trivia questions.I have to say this is the best trivia night at any restaurant around the area that I have been to. What is great about the trivia here is that they had a mix of questions that anyone could answer (e.g Candy Slogans). I actually left trivia night not feeling like the dumbest human being in Charlotte. The only recommendation I would suggest is that they read off the top ten names for every round, since we spend so time marinating on a humorous name.Definitely need to come back here again for trivia night and a delicious meal.
4	This is a great spot to grab a drink and food while watching a game. The food was good and staff was friendly. It doesn't hurt that they're a Redskins bar so I was happy to see fellow fans there crying in their beers watching the games and hoping for a win.
4	If possible, I would give Kickstand 4.5 stars. My wife and I came here, not only to try the burgers, but to watch opening day baseball. It has a great setup for watching the game. We happened to sit at a booth with its own TV that we had switched to the game we came for. We ordered two burgers. My wife got the Kickstand, which she said was four stars. I got the Hungover Cyclist. It was delicious, and cooked perfectly medium. The tater tots are good, but I wish I had ordered the sweet potato tots. They seem to have good specials too. $1 hotdogs for opening day. And the drink specials looked good as well.
3	Well, don't eat burgers. Went to Kickstand's for a small birthday dinner. I'd never been before but I had been next door to Loco Lime (now closed). The atmosphere is cool and laid back. A nice little patio area in the front for outside eating.Long story short...I'd already had a light meal before I got there (knowing I don't eat burgers...). We had wings for the table and they were okay. I think they were Citrus Chipolte and some other flavor. Not the best, not the worst. One of our guests ordered the Tanglers and they came out cold. Like, not even warm. So he sent them back for more. I decided just to have some cheese sticks. They were stacked up some kind of way and when they got to me, one fell off and down my arm before the waitor sat my plate down in front of me. He clearly saw it and said he would let someone know. Everyone had there food and there were no complaints other than my one cheese stick fiasco and my little cousin not getting her kids plate until we were almost done eating. Needless to say I told our two waitors I was short one cheese stick. They never brought me my cheese stick. It's not that serious but I am a paying customer and I don't go to restaurants to have my food dropped on the floor. And, it's a frozen packaged item. Just drop one in the fryer and bring it out. Pretty sure they're not in the back slicing and breading mozzarella. One of my Yelp buddies recently checked in and I noticed her comment "No pitchers of Beer...Where they do that at?" Where do they? Seriously...it's a burger joint.
5	I've only been a couple times but have had great food each time. Veggie burgers are homemade, not a frozen patty. They can be substituted for any specialty burger, but I've found I prefer the toppings they made up for the veggie burger. The meat-eaters in my group thought the regular burgers were pretty tasty! We all enjoyed the pimento cheese fries!I have booked two parties for large groups, one of about 20 and one of 75. They are very helpful and easy to book with. Staff was helpful and attentive. There is a large back patio and a smaller one out front. Dogs are welcome on the back patio, not sure about the front.
4	Recently kickstand has become our hotspot on wednesday for pub trivia. This place is awesome. If you are coming for trivia, I would try to arrive no later than 745. This gives you time to get situated and order your food/drinks. Our server is awesome.  We have had the same now for two weeks.  Hopefully she sticks with us (good luck charm).  I would bring a big group of friends and just have a relaxing Wednesday.
4	I visited kickstand quite a few times and so far have never had a bad experience.  Service was slow once but who cares, you have a tv in your freakin booth which generally means I get to watch more of the game.  Their draft selection is pretty awesome.  They generally have a ton of local beers from triple C, Noda, and Bridsong.  The appetizers are pretty awesome.  I swear I could just order the nachos as a whole meal and be satisified, but this is america and its my damn right to get fat.  The fried pickles are served differently than I have had them down here.  They slice them into quarters and use a little more breading.  I think personally they taste better this way.Finally the burgers.  You get a decent sized patty and they do a great job of cooking it medium rare which i prefer.  I have done the Trek and the morning ride.  The trek is an all around great burger. Though if you think you can handle it I would do the morning ride.  Fried egg, hollandaise, bacon all served on an english muffin the size of your head.  Kickstand is a great burger bar at a decent price.  I will continue to swing by when I am hungry.
5	Best.Burgers.In.Charlotte. I had the kickstand burger and it was quite possibly the best burger I've ever had. Couple that with some very impressive sweet potato tots and you'll quickly realize the other burger joints in Charlotte just don't measure up. The ambiance is spot on and they have a ton of beers on tap. The burgers are quite messy though so for those of you that don't like to get your hands dirty.
4	Yelp! sent out their weekly email and notified me that it was National Burger Day on 5/28, so my friends and I decided to take part. Kickstand was in the email, so we went there. It was delicious!We started with the Pimento Cheese fries, which were filling (be warned) but they were crispy and topped with tons of cheese.My friend and I couldn't decide which burger to pick, so we split the Kickstand Burger and the Cross-Country. I can't even say which was better because they were both huge and the meat was juicy and flavorful.The sides are so great too: we tried the sweet potato tots and the gourmet corn. Umm, I would go there just for the sides!We sat outside on the picnic benches, so it was a chill and casual atmosphere. They have a great local beer list as well. I'll definitely be back!
5	My Turkey Burger with mayo, cole slaw, american cheese, and tomato on Wheat bread was delicious. The roasted corn on the cob was also good. The menu had a number of interesting items and great variety. The restaurant was comfortably cool and had plenty of TVs tuned to every Sports channel imaginable. The server was efficient and courteous. My husband and I were very impressed and plan to go back on a regular basis.
5	We have been going to Kickstand for awhile now. I have to say, the Veggie Burger (The Spin Class) is the best out there. We have tried a variety of veggie burgers and this is by far the best one. It's not your ordinary thin burger. It's much larger! It has pepper jack cheese, guacamole and chipotle ranch on a whole wheat bun. If your in the area or in the mood for a veggie burger, give it a try. honestly, I love my hamburgers, but I'll always get this!
2	Ordered 12 chicken wings and fries  for pick up.  Upon arriving at home, there were only 8 wings.  Called in and server was apologetic for placing wrong order.  Manager offered to make another 4 wings and for us to drive back to pick it up again, duuuuuh... Why would I drive all the way back for 4 wings???  I requested delivery or credit for next purchase.  Although food was good, especially the fries, the manager was rude, unprofessional and confrontational.  When asking how he can compensate, I said he need to start by changing his tone when speaking to customer.  We all have bad day once in a while, but know your place when working in customer facing business.  Manager said he would credit back in 48 hours.  I would rate food as a 4, customer service however is poor at best.
4	I'm the type of person who goes to a burger place and doesn't order a burger. I decided to go with the steak flatbread which I really liked. My boyfriend got a burger and are every last bite. Service was great as well. Not the best burger place we've been to in Charlotte but I would recommend it to a friend.
4	Why haven't I been here before?  I mean I actually had the nerve to snub this place a few times while I pranced into Loco Lime...it was as if I was saying "ugh, look at the sports bar..they must get the spill-over from loco lime.  We are SOOO much better because we are going to eat trendy Mexican as opposed to greasy bar food."    Some nerve I had!!  Meanwhile, Loco Lime went out of business and Kickstand is...well...standing!I don't set out to eat burgers very often but I am thankful I have a husband that loves them so I get to go to town on a few burgers periodically.  So much fun.  Anyway--Kickstand did not disappoint!!  In fact, they represented--HARD!!  I'm a fan!  yay!  I tried the "booty burger" and it was delicious!  It has avacado, pimento cheese and some yummy dressing and it was a turkey burger.  The waiter even convinced me to try the gluten free bun which could have been a total disaster but it was perfect!!  Loved it, would get it again.  The sweet potato tater tots served with that buttery maple syrupy goodness were phenom!!  I love sweet potato anything so the sweet factor of the tots combined with my savory bootylicious booty burger just made my inner fat  girl wanna sing!My husband ordered just a basic cheeseburger with pimento cheese fries on the side.  He said it was easily one of the best burgers he has had!!  Maybe we were overly excited because it was our first time but we really had a great experience.  The price was right, the service was excellent, the food was scrumptious...Oh, that reminds me...our server talked us into the brownie a la mode.  He said they put the brownie in the oven to make it nice and warm and then top it off with vanilla icecream.  It sounded like a dream!  HOWEVER--it really wasn't that great.  The brownie was luke warm at best (the icecream didn't even melt on it so that is telling right there) and it wasn't very "moist"...it was kinda dry.  Just a head's up...not the spot for dessert.  Maybe their shakes are better?  The icecream wasn't very creamy either..more like sugary frozen milk.  Just not creamy and not very flavorful.  But OTHER than that...everything else was wonderful.  The atmosphere was truly laid back and it wasn't overly crowded for a Friday night.  Great place.  We will be back!!
2	This place was so whatever.  Some okay beers on tap.  However, the server spoke as if everything was so amazing.  I ordered a turkey burger.  We explained to her we were from California and asked if we could get them protein style.  It means wrapped in lettuce with no bread.  She said, yes, they called it, naked.  Anyway, my puny burnt turkey paddy showed up with a piece of lettuce and a tomato.  No bun.  The burnt turkey paddy was thin and very small.  If you are going to be a burger place, at least have burgers a descent size.  Mcdonalds is bigger!  The fries were over fried and just not good.  The tater tots seemed like they were microwave.  It was not very busy and service was terrible.  We had to track down the server to order drinks.  She was not even there when our food arrived to make sure we were all good. I am sure,  I will never be back.
4	My husband and I came here for lunch and are now hooked. We sat on the back patio, the tables had umbrellas which made the heat bearable but they also have a small front porch area that is totally covered. We ordered the fried pickles to start and were pretty pleased. It was obvious they made their own breading which appeared to have some panko and possibly parmesan mixed in which was awesome. We both ordered the veggie burger with various toppings and were totally hooked. So far since living in clt it was the best I have had. I ordered mine on a wheat bun which was fresh made as well, I asked the waitress. I ordered the jalapeno cilantro sauce, jalapeno, carmelized onions and pico de gallo on mine and was in heaven. I ordered the  onion tanglers for my side and they were basically thin mini onion rings and really good. I would recommend dipping them in ranch! My husband ordered a veggie burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, guac and a few other toppings and the guac was really delicious. He had the fries for his side and I almost wished I had ordered them, they were super crispy which is how I like mine. They have a pretty decent beer selection as well. All in all we will be going here again for sure.
5	I went there with a group of friends. We all enjoyed our burgers tremendously. I ordered the the enchilada burger which was outstanding. The burger was juicy and flavorful. It has a green chili sauce on top. I ordered a side of tater tots, they were very crisp and yummy, did not need ketchup. My friend had a side of Mac and cheese which she couldn't wait to eat the leftovers the next day. They also have vegetarian burgers in which my friends thought were good. Our waiter was courteous and was attentive. They have a great beer selection on tap and drink specials.
5	Great food, great service, and a fun atmosphere.  The burger options are plentiful and many local beers to accompany the meal.  Non-burger lovers will also have options, and the chicken nachos are always goooood.  If you don't know what you want, the daily special is usually my 'go to' meal.  If he has taken the time to create it, you need to give it a try even if you don't think the flavors/ingredients will match.  I've rarely been disappointed, and normally just as for the special and THEN ask what it is for the day.  This is also a good game day spot for college or NFL games, and we come here with the kids during the week since they enjoy the kids menu items.
3	the food was okay the server seemed too busy to keep us even half happy?  Not sure what was going on?  Most of us enjoyed our food, but could have had better service...
3	I got take-out, so I can only speak to the food, rather than the atmosphere.  The food wasn't terrible, but not really memorable either. My burger was a bit overcooked and didn't have great flavor.  The bun was akin to the cheap ones you buy at the grocery store.  The tater-tots were just average.  There are plenty of better burgers (for the same or lower price) elsewhere in this area.
3	These guys need to get their Sunday gameday act together. They used to be such a great bar that showed EVERY game. Not anymore. It's always been our go-to on Sunday's because we could watch every team there. The majority of the TV's now have Redskins on. There's a separate Redskins room for those diehard fans. And their game is on full sound. The rest of us would like to see our games on in the bar area too. In the past, a different game was on EVERY TV. I wont be coming back if this is how they show their so called diversity for everyone's team. The manager didn't have a clue as to how to set up the TV's BEFORE 1:00 when the games started. It was after 1:00 & he still didn't know what was going on or how organized & fair it had been every other season. There used to be post-it's labeled for each game on each TV. This guy had the Skins on 7 out of the 10 bar TV's. I realize it's supposed to be a Skins bar, but come on, you have to also show all the other games too.  For a sports bar, we're very disappointed this season & might have to find a new place that will fairly show all games. The AC must not have been working because it was literally about 90 degrees inside. Everyone was complaining. There were not enough servers & bartenders to handle the packed crowd, which ended up being standing room only around 1:00. In the 3 hours we were there, a server came around 3 times. That's unacceptable. I waited almost an hour for her to get me another drink & then she didn't even stop by to check on us. We had to walk up to the bar & get our own drinks. I'm hoping this is just first game day of the season jitters & they will get it together for the rest of the season. We typically really love this place, so this was all highly unusual.
4	Great food and service every time I've visited.  Their burgers, flatbread pizzas, onion tanglers, and chili are my favorites.  Their bar selection could use some improvement, I've ordered fairly standard drinks, and on several occasions have been told they don't have the right ingredients.They have a lot of TVs often showing sports, but they keep the volume low, and I've never been in there with a hooting and hollering vibe going on.  That may just be because of the days and times I've gone.Once, I was in there when they were doing a trivia contest where the host was set up close to our table with an overpoweringly loud speaker.  We left pretty much immediately.  Other than that, a good dining experience.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had.  Ton of really great micro brews on draft.  Awesome genuine good service. Worth the venture!
5	I live in Philadelphia but frequent Charlotte at least once a month. This bar is great! THEY HAVE THE BEST NACHOS. I went here to watch a football game and had a great day. Great food, good beer, and TVs. I highly recommend.
4	Lunch today (Sunday, 10/12)  was busier than usual as more people find this place.  Major update was the burger special with peanut butter, bacon and onion twisters which should make it's permanent place on the menu in the future.  Had heard about such a combination from a burger joint in Portland, Or which is their best seller - but they should consider adding a touch of smokey bbq sauce and a few pickle slices.
5	I threw my boyfriends surprise 21st bday party here. Matt and everyone I worked with at Kickstand were absolutely phenomenal. They are the nicest people. They were so willing to go above and beyond to make sure everything went smoothly. And the food was delicious! It was the perfect place to celebrate his birthday. I can't think Kickstand enough.
4	Kickstand is the #1 place to go for burgers in Plaza Midwod. So many of my friends had never been before I had invited me to join them and none of them were disappointed with their 1st visit. The menu offers mainly burgers but you can customize your burger with a turkey or veggie burger, wheat bun, and a ton of toppings. My favorite burger is the Cross Country Burger. I can't pass up BBQ sauce on a burger. Their sweet potato tots are served with a maple brown butter (or something like that) sauce and it is freakin' amazing. Definitely go for the sweet tots. I'm also a big fan of their Pimento Cheese Fries. Sometimes you just gotta do the fat thing and order cheese fries!They also have a decent selection of local craft beers and a large patio on the back of the restaurant. I will forewarn you, though, the parking lot to the restaurant is a disaster. It's not paved and is terrible to drive through or park your car. If you can get past the parking issue, then I highly suggest stopping into Kickstand for a one-of-a-kind burger.
5	Love the food, great drinks and nice staff. Great sports bar  and location. A Charlotte must for visitors and hangout place for locals
5	Big fan of build your own burger.I feel this place gets lost in the shuffle of the Plaza Midwood area. It really shouldn't because their food and beer selection is really good. Like I opened with their build your own burger section is my favorite part of the menu. I'm constantly on and off a strict diet and that part of the menu caters to my needs. And when I'm off my diet the sweet tots are a must.They always have a couple dozen craft beers on tap. Mostly local. Yay!My girlfriend and I go about every Sunday and just about every time we are there the manager stops by to check on us. Which is a very nice personal touch that keeps us coming back.
4	Great burger selection, daily specials, a number of drafts, decent bar, tvs and a back patio calls for a friends night to hangout. They had me at booty burger and "how would you like your burger cooked?" If part of the proceeds goes to supporting booties, and it's fresh then I'm thoroughly impressed. Building inhibits 2 restaurants where Kickstand is located. Back entrance has a few arcade games for the kids at heart.
5	What a great night! My friends and I were looking for a place to watch the Panthers game yesterday but wanted good service and not to be crammed into a bar with a bunch of 21 year old people (no offense). We found it. Josh, the general manager, had a room specifically designated for Panthers fans. It was perfect. The food was great and the service was top notch! Several of the people in my group were from out of town and had wanted to see several different bars. Not after we got to Kickstand. Everyone agreed this was the place to stay and we had a blast. Nice to be in a neighborhood establishment with friendly people, no loud music, and plenty of TV's. I'll be back soon and often.
5	Awesome restaurant in Plaza Midwood and Charlotte! A lot of places these days haven't preserved the art of good old fashioned customer service, but not Kickstand. I've worked in the industry and appreciate the small things. The staff makes you feel at home the second you walk in the door. Food quality is unparalleled. This is the rare place where you want to order the "special" each day unlike most trying to move old product.  Fantastic beer selection with rotating local taps. The GM, Josh, does a great job running a tight ship. This is not only a place I take my parents when visiting in town, but also a spot to meet with friends for a bite and catch the game just the same. 3 words to summarize the experiences I've had:  Best in Class.
5	Went there on Saturday to watch the Panthers game. Awesome, friendly staff, who were busy but also got drinks and food out to us when we needed it. The nachos and pizzas we had were very delicious, I'll have that again next time I go. Josh was very helpful and took care of all our needs. Overall we had a blast!!
5	I have been going to this restaurant since it's inception. The management and staff is top notch and one of the sole reasons I continue to come back. I have brought in groups of 13 or more several times, I make sure I attend most of the significant games there and have yet to be disappointed. The food is fantastic and have yet to order anything I did not like. Over all I feel it is one of the prize jewels in the neighborhood and will continue to go there as long as the door are open.
