3	High hopes based on Wine Specator reviews and other recommendations. A large by-the-glass wine selection, although many seem to be overoaked California wines - and a few we tasted were materized and had to be replaced.The food was just ok - the spreads were too cold and needed to be room temperature, including the housemade chicken pate. The pork osso buco was way too fatty and didn't come together.We had a great waiter and they were extremely nice given that we showed up 20 minutes before the kitchen was closing. The restaurant is located in a converted church, but most of the interior was not preserved, so it almost feels a bit contrived in terms of atmosphere.
4	Updated 3/2012. Their flights of wine and service are still good but on my last two visits I thought their food quality had slipped a bit so I think a four star rating is now appropriate.  Sorry I could not agree with Mariangela. My experiences there have all been good. Their flights of wine are always fun to try and I have never had a bad meal there. I do agree that the service is very friendly and pretty professional. It is a good restaurant to bring guests to as they always seem to enjoy the evening. The parking is valet, but not snobbish as they parked by old pickup right up front.
4	Food is good and the wine selection is excellent.
3	This was our first experience dining at Bonterra, and I do regret that our first experience here was post the Hartwick era, but the food was still on par with the other similar level of restaurants in the area. We started with the Hummus, which was nothing to write home about, pass on this item, the bread and butter they serve is much better. We had the crab cake app which was great, simple ingredients, and the grilled asparagus was a nice touch. We decided to try the mizuna and anchovy salad, but were very disappointed because the Roma tomatoes were not even close to being ripe, and the anchovies completely overpowered the entire dish. We ended with the chick pea spatzel, This is definitely worth trying, and was excited to see the really seasonal beet greens incorporated into the dish. Beet greens have become my new favorite early summer green. Over all I really enjoyed the dinner and would recommend Bonterra to anyone.
4	We recently visited Bonterra for the first time in many years to attend a wine tasting.  Of course, the wines were all wonderful and the service was very good. The appetizers served included a plate of assorted Charcuterie and Cheese with toasted french bread, Fried Calamari and Rock Shrimp, Crab Cakes, BBQ Duck Spring Rolls, baby ribs  (which I passed on) and for the finish, hand-made Chocolates.   My favorites were the Calamari,  Crab cakes, cheese, and chocolates.  I would definitely recommend Bonterra for a special  dining experience - the ambiance and wine selection is awesome and the chef uses fresh local ingredients which is nice.   If you are not a wine connoisseur, don't be intimidated by the huge selection - the bartender and wait staff can certainly help you find something to suit your palate.  However, dinner can be quite pricey, so be prepared for a bit of a splurge.  If your budget is too tight for a full dinner, this is also an excellent place to go for appetizers and excellent selections of wine by the glass... or stop in after dinner for dessert and drinks.
5	Special occasion perfect... if you are a wine lover, you will adore the fact that Bonterra (good earth) has the largest number of wines by the glass in the city...  a tasters delight. I took a large group for a corporate function and everyone had a wonderful time. Everything was lovely and the service was superb, an impressive date place and a great romantic experience as well. They have a lovely private room for group dining upstairs and the staff even totally moved our tables around at the last minute when I showed up and asked for them to be moved to the balcony area, they snapped right to it. I was very impressed.
1	Let me start off by saying the only reason its getting a star at all was because of our server John. He was very apologetic and very professional.I had never been so this was my first time and unfortunately it was during restaurant week and I think that it not only failed me but my whole table as well. On a side note I would like to say that if a restaurant signs up to do restaurant week wouldn't they want to put out they're very best so that the customers come back? Just saying...This space was nothing I imagined it to be it was very sterile and filled with old people (no offense) with such a cool concept as turning a church into a restaurant they could have done so much more color wise and maybe just more candles would have done the trick. We started our evening with a cocktail then asked for a charcuterie and cheese plate. The cheeses good, meat very very very bad they tasted so old that they left that meaty flavor in your mouth so bad! ok so now not only was that just bad, but for a restaurant that prides themselves on they're wine list, maybe i would agree if  they actually had any of the wines that we tried to order!! They might have a large list but carrying one bottle per wine doesn't really make you special. I kid you not our server actually had a running inventory sheet with him and 6 out of 6 bottles I asked for they did not have! We got stuck drinking wines that i wouldn't have ever ordered but there really was no choice.Ok so we hadn't gone in with the intention of ordering the restaurant week menu but hey why not! So I ordered some pear salad that was ok. Then I along with two others ordered the Filet. It came out so cold that i had one bite and couldn't go any further. We called our server over and asked that they heat them all up. He comes back no more than 10mins later and puts them down again and not only are they still cold but they are not even a little bit edible I instantly spit it out into my napkin and look to my left and right and they are doing the same thing!! How is it possible that they could mess up on three nice cuts of meat? It tasted like they microwaved them they were so rubbery...So at this point all the meat we've ordered this evening has been bad, Great! I am still so hungry it hurt!! Our dessert came and I had the creme brulee Thank God they didn't mess that up although we had some chocolate dessert that tasted like what we imagined cat food to taste like.Again our server was mortified of our entire evening he took off a bottle of wine and the three of our entrees which he didn't have to do but was of course  thanked for!! I will say  that we did find it to be weird that not once did a manager come over to even apologize but left it up to his server to do everything not cool poor guy was busy!!Needless to say after we left there we went next door to 300 east and ordered food all very good!! I try so hard to look at the positive in a dining experience but sometimes its just that bad! I feel as though I get let down left and right in Charlotte where are the standards?? Quality??
2	I really wanted to like Bonterra. I really REALLY wanted to enjoy it...but it was just disappointing. My husband and I ordered a variety of items off the menu - an array of appetizers, entrees and wine and nothing really "wowed" us. The worst part of it all, though, was the service. Maybe the server was just having an off night, but he was very short with us, only checked on us twice during the entire time (once was to greet and the second was to drop off the check with no thank you whatsoever). Other servers dropped off our food (which is completely fine)...but the whole experience was a let down. When you spend that kind of money on a meal ($200+) you really want to be taken care of - and it seemed like no one cared at all.
3	I visited Bonterra on Valentine's Day a year or so ago and was very impressed with my date's choice. This restaurant is old/classic and upscale. Very mature, prim and proper, and somewhat elitist. However, I have to agree with the review below stating that there were a lot of old folks present. At 24, we were the youngest couple in the building. Most of the patrons had gray hair, but that wasn't a problem. :) The food was good, but not worth the hefty $200+ bill. The service was satisfactory, as the wait staff was attentive and helpful. Nice restaurant, but I probably won't visit again... at least not anytime soon.
4	Tour of France wine flight was delicious.  My foie gras was scrumptious but tiny.  The grouper was prepared well.  Waiter did a good job.  Dessert fell short.  Ice cream and sorbert were grainy in texture, not expected from frozen desert.   Tab was pricey, but to be expected.  Crowd was loud that evening.  Overall, good place for a nice dinner.
3	This past experience at Bonterra was, well, surely better than last time but I'm still not a convert to this gorgeous restaurant. To set the scene, hubs and I took my parents here for a late dinner in celebration of my mom's birthday. The Good: The herb butter for our delicious bread, the amazing and extensive wine selection (especially wine by the glass), the lovely interior (it's an old church renovated into a restaurant).The Meh: While my mom loved her scallop dish (I ordered the same), I thought it was just ok. The scallops were cooked perfectly but the sweet potato puree was entirely too sweet for my liking and the dish lacked texture. I also tried some of hubs' peach souffle and I didn't taste much peach, only eggy souffle. For the record, I'm not a huge souffle fan, so take that for what it's worth. The Service: This gets a category of its own. It's traditional paced/slower service which can be just fine. Our server was very polite and friendly and provided some great suggestions in terms of wine and entrees. However, he became a bit absent nearing the end. Yes, we started dinner a bit late at 9 pm, but I expect that great service to continue through the end of my meal. He must have misunderstood us, as the gentlemen at the table pre-ordered their souffles but my mother and I would have liked to order our own desserts. By the time the souffles (and our serve) returned to our table we honestly didn't want to wait to order another round of treats. He also didn't offer us any coffee to finish off our meal. Yes, all these things I could have gotten up from the table and fetched him, but I wasn't in the mood to chase. So, Bonterra, for me, is just ok. I wasn't blown away by the food or the service but I wasn't super disappointed either.
3	Went to Bonterra a few years ago and didn't have the best experience, mainly due to the service. Decided to venture here over the weekend while the in-laws were in town for a birthday dinner. Had a 9pm reservation and we arrived early and sat at the bar. For those who have not been, the wine list is extensive, but what helps set it apart from the rest is the amount of wines by the glass available. So many to choose from and the bartender was knowledgeable. Went with one of my favorite...a Petite Sirah. We were seated at a nice 4-top and greeted promptly by our attentive waiter. Did not hesitate with recommendations and I went with the Venison Au Poivre, which came with swiss chard and a potato cake and blueberry chutney on the side. The flavor of the peppercorn crust and the blueberry was awesome and went well with my wine. One of the best venison meals I've had in terms of flavor. Oops...before I forget, started with the lobster bisque, while good, was not great. The lobster cake in the middle was a little fishy and the bisque was a little thick for me. For dessert my father-in-law and I pre-ordered peach souffle's, while the ladies decided to wait for the regular menu. Fast forward to the end of the meal. After the waiter took our plates, we waited and waited and waited for dessert menus and coffee to be offered. Unfortunately, w only saw the waiter again when the souffles came out. At that point my wife asked for the other dessert choices (this is when I mentioned that we had a birthday in the group) and he quickly let her know...they decided not to get them. Still no coffee offered,. For a nice place, I shouldn't have to ask for everything IMO. At the end of the desserts, the waiter brought the bill and wished my mother-in-law a happy birthday. Nice, but a complimentary dessert would have been nice or a removal of one souffle from the bill. I say this because the table next to us had a birthday and a dessert with candle came out. All in all, 3 stars for me. Waiter was attentive and nice, though the end of the meal made me a little aggravated. The place is beautiful in a big church and the menu is ever-changing. Still, I couldn't help but leave with a "ok" feeling. Again, much better than the first time though.
2	I really wanted to like Bonterra, but I was completely underwhelmed with my experience there.  My wife and I started with the Smoked Salmon & Goat Cheese spread, which was delicious. We also had the BBQ Duck Spring Rolls, which were supposed to be a specialty.  I found them very dry and a bit bland. Kind of like eating day-old pulled pork.  For entrees, my wife had the Filet and I had Grouper.  My dish was pretty boring- nothing special.  Her steak was pretty good, but also nothing exceptional.  For the price I felt a bit disappointed- I expected better. I loved the ambience- being in an old church was pretty cool. And the service was fine too.  But for the money, there's many better options in town.
4	Dined at Bonterra on a Monday night with my wife.  The restaurant is nice but due to it's open nature can get a bit loud.  The place was half full when we were there and it was fine most of the time.  The wine list by the glass was extensive.  We asked for suggestions based on several that we liked and enjoyed and were offered three similar choices.  Our selection was excellent.  Our food was also very good.  I had swordfish, the feature of the night, served on a bed of chickpeas and a grain I can't remember with a Asian calamari topping that was excellent.  My wife had the Grouper which was cooked to perfection and sat on a bed of lentils and arugula.  The arugula was a bit tough and stringy but otherwise the dish was good.  We both enjoyed a desert, my wife the cheese plate and I tried the chocolate sampler which is made for Bonterra by Barking Dog Chocolatiers.  Both were excellent.  We were served by Ramsey who was attentive and helpful.  All in all a good experience.
2	This restaurant was a beautiful and has so much potential that it pains me to relate my experience, which would minimize the restaurant possibilities. However, a guest does not pay money for potential. We were seated immediately, even though we were early for our reservation. The manager (?) offered to take our coats and was courteous. While we had to wait a little longer than I am used to in an upscale restaurant, it was not too bad. Had the gouda and yummy toasts while reviewing the menu. The best part of the meal was the duck egg rolls, amazing. I ordered duck, med and my guest ordered the chop med/rare. Someone, besides our waiter brought our meal and mixed up the dish setting. Unfortunately, my duck was med/rare and the chop was med. The food was "okay" and the biggest lack was the lack of service. I never saw my waiter again after he took our order. I told him of a birthday at the table, he didn't seem to care. I had to flag someone to get a check, ask another person walking by for tea (which I never received), and go to the hostess desk upon leaving to get our coats. I do not know if this is due to organization, lack of training, or apathy. However, the manager walked around and never greeted the guests or inquired. I have to admit that it appeared that the couple next to us who had a different waiter did get better service.However, I did see several guests have to flag down their waiter and call out for coffee. I hope they get it together there...it has great potential! I have to say that I have received better service at the IHOP.
3	Not quite the most ethnically friendly restaurant.  I am aware it's in the Dilworth neighborhood and this is the south but my money spends just like anyone else. We were greeted nicely but were stared at throughout dinner and could feel the vibe coming off our waiter.  I consider myself a foodie and frequent many fine dining establishments.  This will not be one I return too.  My steak was cooked exactly the way I asked and was quite tasty.  The calamari and shrimp appetizer was also very good.  Nothing really wowed my taste buds and coupled with the service we won't be going back.  My BF had the scallops.   They were good but the Daily Grills are much better and less expensive.  If you are middle-aged and caucasian your experience will be fine, I'm sure.
1	Besides finding GLASS in our butter, the service was very slow and food was not worth the price. For their selections and quality of the food, the menu would be better suited at the $15-20 range and not high $20's-30's. In addition, our reservations were incorrectly made and the waiter was extremely skiddish and unknowledgable about the food.Furthermore, when we notified management of the glass in our food- the bar manager promised someone would call me the next day to 'right their wrong.' Three days later I called and after being hung up on, I finally spoke with John, he asked me what I wanted after I explained who I was. After I told him I was promised Bonterra would 'right this wrong,' he then tried to pass the glass of as ROCK SALT. I told him, 'uh, no. it was not rock salt, i can tell the difference. besides, rock salt would not cut my gum.' Finally, he offered a refund or gift certificates-- I accpeted the refund. John told me it would take 36 hours to process. A week later, still no refund was processed. I again had to contact Bonterra. John emailed me back: "We do not have access to your full credit numbers and exp date. We were waiting to hear from you so we could process." Bonterra has my cell phone number, my husband's cell phone number and both of our email addresses. I was quite surprised by the complete lack of urgency and pure laziness by the owner. I guess, if I were running a business and someone found glass in my food, I would act hastily to make sure my customer's image of my restaurant is not tainted.Now, not only is there a cut in my gum left from my experience at Bonterra, there is also a bitter taste in my mouth.
3	Bought a groupon for Bonterra and was looking forward to a great meal with my husband.  We are working through the list of the 100 best dishes in Charlotte and Bonterra has the deep fried lobster tail on the list.The building is neat as you are inside an old church.  The bar is at the altar area and the balcony seating overlooks the main floor.Went on a Wednesday night to avoid the crowds.  Wine selection by the glass is extensive and the waiter very helpful in narrowing the choices.We started with the fried lobster tail  It was good.  Moist and creative.  I liked the sauce served on the side.  It added to the decadence of the dish. Moved on the main course.  I ordered the gnocchi and my husband had a steak.  The gnocchi was mediocre.  I love the gnocchi at Aria's and I just need to stop ordering it anywhere else.  My husband's steak was very good.We finished the evening with dessert.  I pre ordered the oatmeal raisen chocolate chip souffle with their homemade brown sugar ice cream.  Loved the dessert.  Light and rich and not something you can get just anywhere.  My husband had the creme brulee.  It was well done and he enjoyed it.  We also had the molten chocolate cake since they did not get our dessert order correct.  They have a good list of scotch which is my husband's favorite.  It was a generous pour of one he had not tried before.  Again, the waiter was knowledgeable and helped him with his selection.Our bill with tip for the 2 of us was almost $170 before the groupon discount.  Didn't feel like that good of a meal.  I think the meals are quite overpriced.  Well done, but there is better in Charlotte for the same or less money. If I were to return, it would be to the bar to enjoy the appetizers and wine and scotch selections.
3	Went here for dinner last night with a corporate account where the intent was to entertain and fully explore the menu, prices not an obstacle.  We got the private room experience with the table down in the wine cellar and, while totally separated from the rest of the restaurant, we were pretty well taken care of.  Room for up to ten while we gaze into the bins of their reserve wines.  I was a little surprised we had just one server for a party of 8, and there were moments where we had to do our own wine re-pours, but I still felt like our server was never gone for too long and was diligent in taking orders, making suggestions, and getting plates to the table.  I would be remiss note to mention the bar, however.  Since Bonterra is known for their extensive wine-by-the-glass list, this is worth a visit and the other patrons beside you are a literal who's who of the Charlotte movers and shakers.  For example, our local NFL-franchise owner was in the house last night.  You could totally make a night out of just hanging at the wine bar and doing appetizers, especially during the happy hour specials.But back to dinner, we started off with an assortment of cheeses and charcuterie which was chef's selection and was just an OK mix.  Nothing over the top or adventurous, but all picks you would expect, which was a little *yawn* boring.  We also had calamari and rock shrimp.  Our two orders were a little light on the calamari, but at least they were not the uniform rings heavily battered and deep fried.  There was a light sauce on the calamari but not on the rock shrimp, which were also battered and fried.  That plate was a little bland, but the seafood did all taste extremely fresh.  The misstep dish was the BBQ Duck Spring Rolls- nice presentation, but the flavors were never apparent to me and I've frankly had a better roll at the take out Chinese places we all know so well.  Overall bland and not enjoyable.Main courses included the fried lobster tail, which was huge and juicy, putting a new spin on this dish for me.  Also got into the huge U-10 scallops served on a perfectly done butternut squash risotto.  Scallops can easily be overcooked and become tough, but these were just right.  Also got to have some ahi tuna in curry sauce and crusted in pumpkin seeds, which really hit the spot in terms of flavor, without overpowering the taste of the fish.  Flavors were balanced and presentation was well-executed.  All of our dishes were served piping hot, which was notable since we were not close to the kitchen.For dessert, there was a molten lava cake, creme brulee, tiramisu and a cheesecake.  Most were tasty.  Note some of these were not made in house, but from the small Queen City Bakery.  The only misstep was that the tiramisu came out basically frozen, like ice cream, and our server had no idea if that was the intention of the kitchen's presentation.  This is definitely a restaurant to splurge with and go have some great wines you likely can't get from just anywhere.  Too bad the kitchen and its menu can be hit or miss.  While there are moments to get excited over, there also also some land mines to avoid.  For the prices charged, everything offered should be a shining star.
4	Finally made it to Bonterra... after some planning, we got a group together to go last night.   We were a large group of 7, so I had made reservations for a Thursday night on Monday morning of that week.  The OpenTable function of the website was a little mis-leading so I went ahead and called the restaurant direct and was able to get a table.Environment:  This former church setting of a restaurant makes for a really unique space.  There was some sort of event going on in the main center of the room with carpet representatives... it was a little tempting to slap a name tag on since they had the wine and snacks flowing pretty well.  Other than the rambunctious carpet people, the tables are very well spaced - I hate it when tables are way too close together and you feel like you are on top of your neighbors.  Plain and elegant white table cloths with nothing too fancy on top that you are afraid to break or move.Service:  Our server, Ramsey, was pretty good.  He explained the specials and also was very patient with us since the wine menu is pretty extensive and it took a while for all of us to make a decision on wines.  It was not fast at any means, but I found myself looking for our server since I was starving.  It ended up working out since we were in good company and wanted to catch up with a lot - weddings, vacations, and other life events that we all had experienced in the last couple of weeks.Food:  I ended up ordering the Rib-eye which was amazing - it was accompanied by fingerling potatoes and a fig sauce.  Super satisfied.  I was also impressed with the bread basket (two types of bread) and a great olive oil for dunking.Overall the experience was good.  Definitely a "special occasion" type place but my friends and I vowed to come back just for some upscale drinking instead of doing the whole dinner - sit down exercise.   It will be nice to try their desserts too since they all sounded great.  We were all too full to indulge.
3	Bonterra is a solid fine dining spot.  My favorite part is the building, which was an old church.  The environment is very calm, though my chair was kind of uncomfortable.  There is a small side patio that looks like an excellent place to enjoy a glass of wine and some appetizers.  The wine list is very extensive, with a wide range of prices and options for wine flights if you are looking for variety.  The service was good, very unobtrusive and helpful.  I also enjoyed the food, enjoying a delicious salad with fried goat cheese and almonds and a tasty grouper for my entree.  If you get a glass or two, a salad and entree, expect to spend around $60 per person with tip.  Though the service was solid, the food good and the environment nice, I found Bonterra to be lacking in personality.  For the price, it left a little more to be desired.  I am, however, looking forward to trying out the patio on a summer evening in the near future.
1	The place is nice. Free valet is great. The entrees are the worse in the city. I've been there about 8 times. I get gift cards and I have tried almost everything. Please don't waste your money. If you have to go. Order the appetizers, they are awesome. Steaks are the worse. Their deep fried lobster tail is a joke. Not worth mentioning the rest. Great place for cocktails. The chef needs to go back to culinary school.
3	the drink prices in general @ bonterra are insulting bringing their star rating down. other than that the food and service are wonderful as well as the setting. i have been there twice and really enjoyed both visits. last night went with the bone in strip, rare and it was cooked perfectly which is obviously key with steak, sometimes rare steaks come out with a cold center this one wasn't, its was red but room temp which is exactly the way i like it, paired with some very fresh hericots verts (green beans) and some delicious fresh parm gnocchi. we started with some mussels and literally cleaned the bowl with the fresh baguette they served along side. james the bartender was very friendly and provided us with superb service. here is why my star rating is 3 instead of 4, we had a groupon for $60 of food, we just barely clipped that in food, she had two dirty ketel martini's, i had a hendricks and tonic and a glass of robert foley petite syrah...long story short i basically had a bill for 4 drinks it was $47 before tip, maybe i'm whining but that to me seems FN stupid expensive, $13 for a ketel martini is ludicrous. if bonterra would get their booze pricing straight i would frequent it more but those prices make me not want to go back without a groupon/coupon of some sort, i ihave one groupon left to use there, if i dont get another one i will never go back, unless its on someone elses dime.
4	You just can't beat the beautiful restaurant. It is located in a quiet section of Dilworth off the main roads in a beautiful old church which also offers outdoor seating for those beautiful milder evenings.A friend and I met for drinks after work and sat in the bar area. It took awhile to get served since 1 bartender was serving the dining room and the bar (along with taking bar orders for food.) Our server was wonderful once she took our orders and even made a few suggestions for drinks and food. The bar offers a discounted appetizer menu between 5-6:30PM. There was a nice selection so my friend and I decided to make a few choices to get a feel for their food.The wine came and we were amazed at the choices we were offered by the glass. They don't overstate that they have a great by the glass selection. When our food came I was a little underwhelmed. The Duck Egg Rolls had bone fragments in it. The crab cake was delicious with chucks of crab and little to no filler. I would definitely order this again. The mussels were fantastic. I even had to ask for extra bread so I could soak up the sauce left over. It was YUMMY! The last thing we ordered was the "infamous" deep fried lobster tail. We were thoroughly disappointed. The lobster tail had no flavor except for the very light breading which fell off when we tried to cut into it. The sauce really was the only falvor we found and it just wasn't up to all the hype. I would rather have had a good boiled lobster tail with some great butter dipping sauce infused with some herbs. We did order and share the dessert which was a torte and so well worth it. It was light with a thin layer of cheesecake at the bottom. The raspberry flavor didn't overwhelm but added to the dessert. Overall I would go back for the happy hour appetizers and drinks but would definitely not get the lobster tail or the duck egg rolls again. I'm not sure it was worth all the money but the discounted bar menu would make it a great place for after work drinks again without paying the full price.
4	I haven't enjoyed a dinner like this in a while. We each ordered separate flights of wine and created our own wine tasting. They have many great wines to choose from. Both the food and service were fantastic. Oh and its a great singles hot spot for anyone in their 30s - 40s
5	I was in Charlotte last week on business and found this restaurant on Yelp.  It was great.  Located in a renovated church, in a very nice artsy part of town (many of the shops seem to be located in renovated old houses).  They have an excellent wine list (bottles, by glass or flights if you so choose) - I had the Foley Pinot Blanc (very tasty!).  We started with the pate appetizer, then followed by the fresh Grouper.  It was perfectly broiled, moist fish sitting on top of a lovely bed of wilted spinach.  I also had side salad of fresh greens and nut encrusted goat cheese.  Then finished with Banana sorbet and cappuccino.  Lovely meal and service was great!  I'll definitely be back.
5	One of the best restaurants and staff in Charlotte.  Friendly, inviting environment.  Great food.  Wonderful per glass wine selection.
5	Oh, Bonterra. I wish I made more money and could eat your food every day. This beautiful restaurant, located in an old church, is definitely one of Charlotte's best. I've been there twice - once during restaurant week and once with my dad and boyfriend. Restaurant week was great - I had the soup of the day (a carrot something, it was divine) and the mahi-mahi (also amazing), and a peach tart (good). Didn't think that meal could get much better, until my second visit.We started off with a bottle of Malbec. Solid. The wine list is extensive but pretty pricey. We shared the tomato basil dip (a little too whipped for my taste, but the guys loved it), some olives, and proscuitto. The house-baked bread, prepared fresh every day, is fabulous. I had the Arctic Char with risotto and mole sauce. To be honest, I was a little wary. Mole with char? I thought it would be too heavy or overwhelming. Instead, it was amazing. The char was perfectly cooked with a little crust on the outside. And OMG the mole. Oh that mole will be in my dreams. My dad had the ribeye and loved it; my boyfriend had the veal porterhouse and enjoyed it, as well. We were stuffed, but split the creme brulee for dessert which was, you guessed it, pretty darn good.That char, though...man oh man, get yourself to Bonterra now.
5	Best wine by glass place in Charlotte.  Friendly, small and great place to talk with friends.
5	Spectacular dinner!  Recently updated menu.  House made breads.  Incredible wine selection.  Reservations not required, but not a bad idea.
3	This was my first visit to Bonterra and one for which I teetered between a 3 and 3.5 rating. Overall it was a pleasant dining experience; I'd give it another try.Scene: Biz/smart-casual attire and dressier, depending on your occasion. Good for romance, deal-sealing and refined evenings with friends. Bonterra is a converted church; I believe the bar and its glorious display of wine is positioned where the pulpit once was.Food: Delicious bread made in-house. I started with a healthy portion of field greens with cranberry-champagne dressing and proceeded to the short rib, which was tender and flavorful, though my cut bore a giant bone that made the (edible) portion look bigger than it was. A side of goat cheese gnocchi completed the entree. The chocolate molten cake was gooey indulgence.Wine: Holy selection--an overwhelming by-the-glass menu with a pretty good mix of grapes and regions.Service: Poised and attentive despite the crush of Queen's Feast diners. To the latter point, however, I will say we felt rushed from our table at the end of our meal. While we were aware of the next seating crowding the bar area, we still were finishing our drinks. Our server had brought our check only minutes before and returned to ask, "Are you going to pay that?" I would've suggested feigning ignorance and starting to pick up the check presenter (e.g. "Oh, I'm sorry! I thought your card already was in here.") versus his more pointed phrasing. Also, another staff member came to "arrange" our olive oil and salt/pepper grinder not once, but twice, despite our meals having been consumed already. We got the point.Misc.: The hosts were friendly upon arrival and seated us promptly, though I would suggest a different coat-check system for busy nights. Numbered tickets would be a safer, less awkward bet as opposed to the host/diner sifting through dozens of coats on a rack, or worse, said diner's coat walking out with someone else.
3	Don't ask me why but I keep singing Maria Maria with Bonterra in place of the Marias ...weird I know, but I've been doing it ever since we planned to go for Restaurant Week. Anyhoo - My experience started when I pulled in the parking lot. The way they positioned the sign it appeared that half was reserved for valet- wrong. All of it was reserved for valet (I was told not to park there and rarely carry cash) so I turned around and parked in the lot down the street. My friend had the same issue so perhaps they should move their sign. We received some bread with oil so no delicious herb butter as others mentioned. The bread was not warm nor particularly flavorful so it was just ok nothing special. I ordered the filet but asked if I could swap out the sweet potatoes for literally anything else as I honestly cannot stand sweet potatoes in any form but fries. He just said NO - the chef was strict about that which I suppose is understandable (to be fair no substitutions was written on the menu) but at least offer to ask or heck even pretend to ask. I then just asked if I could have my sweet potato on the side instead in order to avoid that maple mess from touching my beloved steak or broccoli rabe/raab (not said in those exact words mind you!)  I get my steak and  it is served upon the mashed sweet potato and under that was the broccoli. I transferred the steak immediately to my small plate and asked if I could get some fresh broccoli on the side. He said " oh they shouldn't have done that" and thought yea they shouldn't have but you're the one who brought it out and served it to me and it is bright orange. Anyway, after speaking up I was happy because I received even more broccoli than previously however I had to eat off my side plate for the duration of the meal. I will say the steak was cooked perfectly (rare girl here) and seasoned nicely with salt and pepper. I tried a bite of short-rib which was spectacular but it was paired with way over cooked gnocchi. Other dishes I ordered were the pappardelle with rabbit. Quite tasty, although I would have liked a richer sauce. I tried my friends feta croquettes which were good and I also liked the frisee salad (awesome dressing). Another friend ordered the soup which had way under done chick-pea's in it and was not very good.  The desserts we had were good. The consensus at the table was that the praline cheesecake took the prize. The chocolate molten cake was good however the green tea ice cream was my favorite but melted extremely quickly because it was scooped with a melon ball (yes really) and the plate was warm. I initially wanted the rhubarb trifle but it mysteriously was not on the menu nor was it mentioned ....bummer. The venue itself is very nice- an old restored church. I will say my napkin was ripped to shreds , not what you expect when it's suppose to be fine dining. The napkin was also white and I wore black, but I didn't fault them too much because that's nitpicky. The big issue was that the service was downright cold and distant. I realize it is restaurant week but we had a late reservation and the place was not overly busy, I think our server could have done a much better job.
3	Hubby and I went there for anniversary - used Open Table which asks if it is special occasion but obviously that info didn't reach restaurant.  It would have been nice to have a "happy anniversary" out of the waiter.  Food was just so-so and I remember the food being much better - split pea soup was featured soup - now I like a nice, creamy split pea soup (anyone from California will vouch for Anderson's Split Pea soup) but this was nothing like that - green broth with peas, some still hard, floating in the broth.  Not good.  Hubby had filet (awesome) and signature lobster tail - not so good - coating on outside had no flavor and virtually just fell off leaving an unappetizing shell on the plate.  After hearing tales of poor service if you whip out your Groupon right as you sit down (wait staff's anticipation they will not receive full tip therefore provide poor service) we waited and provided Groupon when check was placed on table.  Impeccable service just disappointing food.
3	Was the food good? -Yes it was quite tasty. Was the space/location convenient and architecturally interesting? -Yes, the space was beautiful, located in a historic church in Dilworth/Southend. Would I go back? -Probably not... Why? Because, if I am going to drop over $100 for a meal for two, I want to have my socks knocked off & honestly, Bonterra didn't knock mine off. The general ambiance of the space, which has oodles of potential, is kind of bland. Our service was no better and no more personable than what you could receive at any chain restaurant in the country. Our server was nice enough, but he wasn't very attentive and didn't give many menu/wine suggestions.I wouldn't turn down an offer for someone else to buy me dinner from Bonterra, but I certainly will not be using my own funds to buy dinner here again.
3	It's a restaurant in a church!  What a unique twist in fine dining. 1) BBQ Duck Spring Roll- this is not my favorite dish.  The BBQ overpowered the duck and made this dish into a salty mess.  Also, the portion is ity bity- one spring roll cut into 4 mini pieces.  On the contrary, the menu indicates that this dish was featured in the Taste of the NFL.2) Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast- now we're talking!  Thought I'd give duck another chance and Bonterra proved itself.  This dish is simply phenomenal!  My duck was juicy, flavorful, and the portion was decent.  The quinoa and corn slaw added a tasteful zing to the dish making it unforgettable!3) Veal Porterhouse- The meat was prepared with the right amount of flavor and tenderness as evidenced by my fiance finishing the entire plate in record time!  My one bite of his plate also led me to believe that the cook did a wonderful job with the veal.Just a side note, the restaurant has valet parking available but parking could be limited, especially on weekends.  We had to park in the shopping center next door.  Enjoy!
1	One of the worst restaurants on Charlotte. I ordered a $45 lobster and was served something that was the same consistency as a rubber tire. The only good thing about Bonterra was the service and the wine selection. I'll never go back.
2	Its not that I didn't like Bonterra...but as another reviewer said- I would take a free dinner here anyday- but if I had to choose i wouldn't be bad. Bonterra isn't terrible but in a city with such a burgeoning food scene Bonterra just can't keep up. Their wine list is impressive and glasses start at $6 so its quite affordable. However, their dinner prices are exorbitant. We started with the calamari and rock shrimp ($12) which was fine- pretty standard. I had a delicious rack of lamb and mint cous cous- which was fabulous but $32. My partner had scallops which came highly recommended - I couldn't sample because sadly I am allergic but he seemed to enjoy his dinner. There just wasn't anything innovative or superior about the menu. Maybe I've just had too many fabulous dinners out in Charlotte.. But then again, what a great problem to have.
4	Tuesday night dinner. Not very many patrons. One of the best wine lists around with a good range of quality wines at reasonable prices. We each had an entree, no starters. The lamb portion was generous and done perfectly. My chicken dish with a tarragon sauce was very flavorful since I asked for the garlic to be muted. Both entrees were excellent.  We ordered the souffle while eating our entrees (takes 15 minutes to prepare). It was pumpkin based and out of this world. James our server is the ultimate pro.All in all a very, very nice experience.
3	Tuesday night and the place was humming. The busiest I've ever seen it, which I suspect why it took much longer than usual to to get our drinks and food. The  servers here are the ultimate pros. Had the Caesar salad (w/o anchovies) for the first time; really good and presented differently from the usual.  We each had the Grouper entrees which initially appeared to be a small portion, but I couldn't finish mine. I was accommodated in having my lima beans swapped out for spinach. The grouper was very good. Entree menu is limited, but always well prepared and nicely presented. Finished with the pumpkin souffle which is still decadent. I would give more stars if they had the ability to do a better job with cocktails; no fresh fruit or herbs. The dilemma here is that it's a great wine bar with enormous selections attractively priced. The slowness id being served, without any reassurances form the staff, was another reason they earned only 3 stars.
3	I hadn't been there in about 9 years since my wife and I started dating (2nd date), and now I remember why.  The food is good, but way overpriced for what you get.  I got a very small piece of grouper (which was delicious) for $30, then had to pay $10 for a small salad.  My wife had a piece of chicken (thigh meat) for $24 and she was still very hungry afterwards.If I am going to pay a decent amount of money for dinner, I want to at least be satiated.  The portion of fish should have been about 50% larger to make it worth the expense.  The atmosphere was nice and not loud.I will just not be coming back.
2	This is suppose to be one of the best restaurants in Charlotte. Sorry, I disagree. If they where they could afford to hire great servers. How many times do u have to ask for a glass of water??? It was Thursday night and only a hand full of people in the place. (Sad). I will say the food was good. The wine list is impressive and priced properly. But the service was horrible. Oh the asparagus was cut and was all stems plus a head. They only served about 2 spoons of cauliflower. Come on people give us enough to taste. Salad was good as was the filet. Won,t be going back.
1	I checked out their website, where to make a reservation I was sent to Open Table. I checked their site for the menu and saw lots of good food (duck spring roll and lamb) Well when we arrived we were seated promptly. We were looking for a quiet nice restaurant, where we could relax and just enjoy ourselves (2 kids at home with sitter) Well we seated and looking at the menu I knew something was wrong. Go figure, we were now part of restaurant week in Charlotte and I must say that SUCKED! I specifically tried to find a place that was not part of it. Well for $60 we got a small salad, 2 scallops, 1 4 oz steak and 2 slices of cake. We were cattle called in and out in less than an hour. Restaurants need to tell customers that they are part of the restaurant week because I know you get crappy service and crappier food.  Instead of slacks and a shirt for guys they were in jeans and TShirts.  No dresses for the ladies, just jeans for them too.  We felt a little out of place here and over dressed.  I specifically called and checked their website to make sure they were not part of this.  When we were seated we should have just left, but knew we were stuck cause no where else had availability.
4	It has been a very long time since I have been here, and I was very pleased with my recent experience. I went with three other people for a dinner on a Thursday evening. The restaurant was not busy, but there was an event of some sort happening upstairs.I was impressed with the interior. Last time I ate at Bonterra, the place looked a little tired. Now, with a beautiful gray paint on the walls and what looks like new upholstery and decorative accents, the restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere.I shared the mussels with my fellow guests, and they were the best I have ever had. The broth was flavorful, buttery, and a definite complement to the mussels. Usually, broth served with mussels is pretty much just for show--pretty much useless, but we were all spooning the stuff over our mussels and dipping our bread into it. The dish also included a smear of goat cheese. I had never thought of putting goat cheese on mussels, but it was delicious! You can't beat Bonterra's wine selection. I had a simple glass of sauvignon blanc. It fit the bill for the evening.For dinner, I went with the Caesar salad. It was also fantastic. It sported the perfect amount of dressing, and I loved the generous addition of shaved parmesan and white anchovies. I had the salmon entree. It was good. Nothing spectacular, but still tasty. The nicely cooked salmon was accompanied by a chick pea puree, lima beans, and some sort of sauce. For dessert, we ordered decafs and I shared a bread pudding with one of my fellow diners. It was super good! Very tasty, good balance on the sweetness.Our server was very patient, friendly and helpful, although he did make a few notable mistakes on the order. He forgot to mention that the apple and parsnip soup special contained bacon when he described it to us. When it came out with bacon atop each bowl, he apologized and set it out for everyone. He didn't give the option of getting new bowls for everyone. Of course, none of the three people who ordered the soup wanted bacon. Those who didn't wish to eat it anyway ate around it. In addition to the soup issue, the server put in an order for the completely wrong dish for one of my table mates. She had to wait for her correct dish to be cooked and delivered while the rest of us ate ours.Overall, despite the mixups (none of which affected me directly anyway), I am very happy with my visit to Bonterra. I hope to go back some evening for some wine at the bar.
3	Bonterra kind of sums up for me what is just so average with Charlotte restaurants... there's just nothing special about this place.  I can't think of any compelling reason why I would want to go back... good 'ol average CLT dining for ya.So here's my reasons - been here twice, first on a regular occasion and second for restaurant week.  First time I was not thrilled with the food or service.  One dish came out luke warm and neither were all that special.  At one point we had to flag the waiter down to get a refill on the water.  Second time was with a group for restaurant week and we had all sorts of issues... a few dishes way overdone, a few came out cold and it took forever between our apps and entrees, then the bread pudding dessert was just terrible.  I would give that experience 2 stars but since it was rest week I am going to be lenient.Then there's the wine list... I'm all about wine, and this place is all about wine, so this should be perfect, right?  Sorry to say, but save for the California selections, the rest of the list is mediocre at best.  There are a TON of wines offered by the glass, but most came out as oxidized and were way past their "drink by" window.  Had to send one back because it was just awful.  Great concept to offer so many by the glass, but unless you're going through a new bottle every 1-2 days, they will go bad.  My advice, trim down the glass pours and shift the selection mix to not be so overweight California - most of those wines just make your food taste bad unless you eat steak.
3	I went recently during restaurant week and wasn't really that impressed.  The atmosphere is cool, but the food was just ok.  One thing to note if you are considering going during RW is that they do not allow you to swap out sides.  I know a lot of places do that, but I don't understand why if you are willing to exchange it for a different side that is on the RW menu.  Oh well...I had the pork chop, which was decent.  My girlfriend had chicken, which was good...but tasted like something I could make at home.  I was forced to get a dish with a side I didn't like, due to the reasons stated above.  Needless to say, I would not go and pay regular prices...especially since they are pretty expensive.
4	I purchased a $50 gift certificate from Half Off Depot since we'd never been here and I'd always heard good things about it... The wine list was pages and pages long...  I actually recognized a few of the wines and felt a little good about it... lol We started with the Black Diamond Cheddar, which I thought was great and the boyfriend thought was meh... I had the filet with asparagus and some sort of derivative of potato... I was thoroughly impressed... It was perfectly medium well and the asparagus was relatively crisp, even though it was sort of mixed with the potato situation...  The location is beautiful and the valet was very great since it was super cold out... I did love the little coat rack and the guy taking coats upon arrival... I really liked not having to stick my coat and scarf on the back of my chair... What can I say? It's the little things... I'll definitely go back once I get another one of those gift certificates or have a special occasion because this place is pretty cool and their prices reflect that... lol
2	I hadn't dined here in years, as it was one of those restaurants I stopped going to during the recession because of their prices. My friend and I decided to treat ourselves this past weekend, but we were both disappointed. I'm a cocktail buff, and the bartender offered Stoli and Absolut as examples of their best vodkas. The bartender did something I consider a cardinal sin: She used Rose's lime juice in my cosmo. The wine list was good. For dinner, I ordered an appetizer version of the fried lobster tail, but found it lacked flavor and was a bit rubbery. The butter beans we had as side dishes were tough and chewy. The service (a waiter named David) was professional and efficient. Bottom line: Bonterra still charges premium prices but doesn't deliver a premium experience. I don't plan to return.
2	The restaurant was ok for teh price.  The food was so so. The cat fish was too spicy. The salad was too small for $10.
4	I love the fact the restaurant is an old church and is still reminiscent of Its past.  The menu is seasonal and always changing which is nice.  It is pricey though, I had the scallops (3 to be exact) over some overcooked vegetables for $28.  My boyfriend had the bison steak which was very tender served with potato salad for $40.The appetizer menu was moderately priced compared to the entree items.  We had the pimento cheese with crustini which was very hard and cold.  It would have been better with warm pita wedges.The wine selection was large and our wonderful waiter Ramsey assisted us in our selection.  I was very pleased with the Riesling he suggested for us.For dessert we decided on the Bananas Foster which I didn't think would be exceptional but I was mistaken .... It was my favorite part of the meal!  They even make their very own ice cream one pint at a time and the caramel was the best I've ever tasted!  We used a $50 voucher I purchased from Half Off Dept the reason we went.  I would go back for dinner again to see what new menu selections have been added.  It's worth a try for a nice evening on the town ....
4	A great place. Unique atmosphere. Excellent alternative to franchise restaurants.
3	Bonterra has such potential.  It's in a renovated old church in a quaint neighborhood with a seemingly great menu.  However, it seems to be slipping.  The fella and I visited on a Saturday night and started with a drink at the bar.  Our martinis were solid, and the bartender was friendly and helpful, but we spent the entire drink dissecting how they could make the ambiance better.  Neither of us is creative, but we agreed it's time for an overhaul there.  The bar - while super cool with lots of potential - seems tired and outdated.  The music was way too depressing; they need to liven it up, or at least throw on some classical if they're going for a "fancy" feel.  I can't even explain what kind of music they were playing; it was instrumental, like Enya or Yanni or something.  For all the exciting postings about menu and specials they do on their social media outlets, the place itself seems tired.  We moved over to the dining room for dinner, and our server was Johnny on the spot.  He was funny, offered suggestions, and was present without being annoying.  However, our food was just okay.  The fella got the bison ribeye with grilled asparagus and turnips ($40), and it was more gamy and smokey than he had expected.  I was hoping the pork chop would be on the menu, but it wasn't, so I went with the pork loin ($28ish?) with collard greens and sweet potato mash.  I don't eat collards, so I skipped those, and the mash was about what you'd expected.  The pork was just a little chewy, and it didn't have much seasoning, but it was... fine.Overall, there are too many other places in town charging the same amount for entrees ($25-$40) that execute the flavor and ambiance much better.  I don't think we'll be back anytime soon, which is sad since this place really could be something pretty special.
3	half off wine wednesdays, cute look, too quiet
3	For some reason I expected this to look like a church and that by eating here I'd have some sort of sacred experience. It barely resembled a church and it would never cross my mind if I had not read the church part somewhere.I like Restaurant Week because I typically pick places I haven't been to. This time around I picked here because I'd heard good things about it. It is good, but just good at best.I think the service was on autopilot. Standard, not special and maybe they felt more rushed during Restaurant Week. At times we felt a tad neglected...keep reading...The food was good. I ordered the scallops and they arrived on a basic bed of corn. I guess I was expecting a bit more creative side. However, the scallops were very good. I also got the molten chocolate cake, but after biting into a piece of eggshell it lost it's appeal. This is where we waited and waited to get our server's attention...then when he acknowledged us, his reaction was as if this happens often. This was an opportunity for customer service to stand out. Again, Restaurant Week is busy and maybe they are just trying to get through their shift. They missed the mark on first impressions with us, but somehow they manage to keep the crowds coming in...maybe it's the historic patrons and nostalgia.
4	Visited a few months ago for Restaurant Week in Charlotte. Walkable from my girlfriends house in Dilworth so that was a plus. Atmosphere was classic and quaint - I mean it's in an old church! Service was amazing as the waiter was spot on for timing and recommendations on what we should order.Really enjoyed the Pork Belly app - it's small, but worth it! They had an issue with my entree from what I recall it was made wrong. They RAPIDLY solved the problem and had a brand new plate out in less than 3 minutes.All around a great place to visit if you are in the Dilworth area looking for a fancy meal.
4	Wonderful atmosphere. Nice broad range of wines to satisfy all pallets.  The server was pleasant and very knowledgable.  Our meal was delicious and well prepared.  This was my first time dinning here and was for business purposes. I'll be back for personal dinning soon!
3	Let me start by saying that I dined here during restaurant week.  While their menu is typically outside of my price-range, I had heard several rave reviews and thought it might be a great "special occassion" type of restaurant.  As you can tell from the pictures, the interior is formal, yet comfortable.  Bread was brought to our table (basic slices of cold white bread) and our waiter offered "there's some olive oil on the table if you want it."  I guess I was expecting him to pour some on a plate and maybe added some cracked pepper or seasonings.  For my appetizer, I selected the caesar salad.  It was a basic salad, a decent portion size, and overall good.  I was a bit confused when their menu differed from the posted restaurant week menu.  My main dish was the salmon, which was pan seared and served with four small baby carrots and an herbed couscous.  The fish portion was 4oz at most.  The entree was good, but just simply nothing special.  For a fine dining restaurant I expected a more unique selection of entrees, rather than a basic salmon and sides I could have prepared at home.  Finally, for dessert I chose the NY Cheesecake with raspberry coulis.  Dissappointing to say the least - it was good, but again, equivalent to what I would have expected to get in the grocery store and topped with a meager dribble of the raspberry sauce.Overall it was an average meal.  Restaurant week has potential to draw many new customers into Charlotte's restaurants, yet after this meal, I have no interest in returning and paying an even steeper price tag for a standard meal at Bonterra.
5	Do yourself a favor, don't wait until restaurant week...pony up the buck fifty....get yourself a nice app, bottle of vino, and a few meals. This place is great, from the service to the atmosphere to the food. All around solid place. Skip restaurant week and go and have a nice meal!
2	Okay. So, yes, I did have high expectations. I waited more than a month to go to this place because of schedule conflict, not because it's restaurant week. It wasn't worth it. IDK. Maybe it's because it's restaurant week. But that's not a good excuse. The interior didn't look much like what it looked like on the internet, the calamari was too cooked, my wife's pasta was almost as hard as twizzlers and the desert was too sweet. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Shame on you!  I have eaten at Bonterra many times and always enjoyed it until  tonight. My wife and I invited  some friends to join us during Resturant Week. They had never tried Bonterra and joined us based on our recommendation.  The food, what there was of it, was good.  The portions were embarrassing!  The salad  was tiny.  The entrees looked more like an appetizers.  Two small slices of meat over a tablespoon of mashed potatoes, a few ounces of salmon over 6 snap peas and a teaspoon of couscous.  The desert was a joke.  A teaspoon of ice cream with 3 small, stale cookies.  The service was terrible. It took two hours to eat this snack and the server never checked on us.  Don't participate in Resturant Week if you are not going to serve a real meal!
5	Elegant old Church. Beautiful details.Restaurant week again in Charlotte and have wanted to try Bonterra for some time.  Made reservations and drove down tonight to give them a try.It's in an old Church in Dilworth and they have preserved many of the original features.  While dining is Elegant, attire is somewhat more relaxed.  This place has some of the best wait staff I have experienced in the Charlotte metro area.  These are not kids making a few extra bucks or working their way though college.  The servers are older and professionals in theri craft.Restaurant is the Pre Fixe arrangement where you get three courses for a set rate of $30.  Bonterra like most places allow you to upgrade your entree for a nominal charge.  In my wife's case, she upgraded her hanger steak to a 8 oz fillet for an additional $12 which was still very reasonable.We both started with salads. She had the Kale Salad and I had the Baby Arugula. From the description it sounded very similiar to a salad I had had a Delmonico's at the Venetian in Las Vegas a number of years ago and it was indeed, very close.She had her fillet and I have the Pork Tenderloin with Peach Sauce.  Cooked to perfection, nice and moist and full of flavor.For dessert, we both had fruit and cheese trays which were a perfect compliment to an otherwise perfect evening.We ill be back and probably will not wait for Restaurant Week to provide and excuse.
5	Everytime I have dinner here I am filled with excitement.  There's always something new on the menu that will have your tastes buds GO WOW!  I love their cheese and charcuterie plates- and you can build them yourself or get the chef's choice.  You have to come try this plate if you haven't yet... and there's a great bar menu for lighter fare.
