4	Just came back from here...  I ordered a large milk tea ($3.99, a regular is $2.99), but I didn't opt for the 50 cents boba for some reason.  It was dead I went on this Friday afternoon, and I don't see how it could evera be busy since everything in this Rainbow and Flamingo block is closed down (the Albertson's next door has been closed for over a year if I remember correctly).  Anyway, the milk tea is good...  they also had other flavored milk teas, smoothies, and ice cream.  They also baked some peanut shaped pastry thing, but they didn't have any at that moment.  I'll probably go back if I'm ever in the area if I don't feel like driving to Chinatown for boba.
5	Went there yesterday for a quick peek on the new boba store. It's interior is simple, modernistic, and clean which is always a plus for me. Their menu have rice combo that is to die for, varieties of ice cream flavor, and of course, boba drinks. :)I spoke with the boss and he told me everything on the menu are high quality and self selected by him (and his wife). Obviously he wants everything on the menu to surpass the rest of the other competitive stores out there. So skimming through the boba list, I decided to try the taro smoothie and several different types of ice cream. And I've got to say, he's right. Not only was the smoothie taste just right but you can really tell that it's not artificial taro flavor (I know because I drank so many taro smoothies that I know which one taste good and which is bad :P). The same with their ice cream! Omgg, I can really find myself to be a regular when summer arrives. Their creamy dessert makes me feel like a giddy child when I savor their delicious creation and I'm not even a fan of ice cream! Mmm I can feel my day become all better already just by thinking of it. :)So overall, from my personal experience, I'll say you'll get your money worth when you come Boba City.
4	Boba City Cafe makes my list as the best boba drinks in Vegas. The first sip of my red bean vanilla boba drink, I was like woah. You can actually taste the flavors of the freshness of the red bean. Unlike other boba places, this place has many other ice cream flavors that can be added to your drink to enhance the taste. The boba has a nice chewy texture and even some flavor to it as well.For those looking for fruits, I saw some fruits in the fridge so it looks like this place actually uses real fruits in their drink, instead of powder.The drinks came out to $4 for a large, $3 for regular and 50 cents for boba. It can get pricey once we you add ice cream to it, but sometimes you just have to live a little. This is a lot cheaper than Tea Station and on par with all the other places in town.A boba place with service, that is unheard of! It looks like the boss's wife was working there today. When you're working at you're own business, you tend to work harder a put a little more effort and passion into making your drink, than say the ones at Quickly or Volcano Tea. She offered me a free mango sample, it was delicious. She also gave me a coupon sheet that have some good stuff on there. Lastly, I got a stamp card for a free drink when I buy 10 drinks. Damn them for doing good job of luring me back into this place!Good ingredients, service, and prices. What more can you ask for?
4	Very good fresh fruit smoothies, taro snow bubble, etc if thats what you are looking for.  Teas is at least decent, only tried one so I don't know how good it really is, and the boba balls themselves were a little mushier than I like, so one star off for that.  Otherwise, big thumbs up, especially for fresh fruit smoothies.
4	Another successful Yelp find. My cousin and I were uber-thirsty from watching Inception (great film) and eating a bucket of sodium with some popcorn in it. This place is in a seemingly run down shopping area, but that made it easy to spot.I ordered a passion fruit boba while my cousin had a jasmine milk tea boba. Mine was very sweet. I should probably stop ordering passion fruit. I had the same reaction at No 1 Boba. I love passion fruit, but I've started to prefer less sweetness in my drinks.Anyway, I wasn't blown away by the drinks. They are certainly good and highly refreshing. What makes me lean toward 4 stars is the service. The people there are friendly and kept giving us samples of their other flavors. I think that will prove to work in their favor. I'd like to return and get some of that tarot snow!
4	Now that I have discovered how happy my taste buds are after I have a honeydew milk tea with boba, it is now time for me to find out where the best possible place to get one of these tasty beverages. Today I decided to check out Boba City Cafe because it was a fairly short drive from my work.I was the only person in the shop when I arrived shortly after the store opened. The man that helped me was very friendly, I told him how much I like the honeydew milk tea, and asked if he thought I should try the jasmine flavor. He recommended I stick with honeydew, so I did. Large with boba came to $4.85. I was tempted by some of the other items on the menu as well. The person that was helping me (I assume he was the owner) told me that they make all of their ice creams from scratch, I really want to try those out now. They also had sandwiches and other dishes on the menu, I think next time I go in I will try the egg rolls. After I paid, I was given a punch card (buy 10 and get your 11th free) as well as some coupons. I can't wait to go back and use the $1 off a large drink. I am hoping the food is as good as the drinks and service were!
4	An overwhelming urge for boba struck me this afternoon so I decided to cruise over to Boba City Cafe and pick up drinks for myself and the coworker I recently introduced to boba drinks.  I was picking up a passion fruit tea with boba, and I decided to stick with my standard honeydew milk tea with boba.The person that helped me today was a very friendly, soft spoken lady. She offered me a sample of one of their fresh fruit smoothies. It was banana/pineapple flavor, and very yummy. For a split second I considered changing my order. I also was regretting that I had already eaten lunch, because those egg rolls are still tempting me. I stuck with what I had order though, and was happy with the outcome. I am still really torn about how to rate Boba City Cafe. I want to give them that 5th star but I have had cheaper boba and I have gotten my drinks faster at other places. Service here is really great though. I think I am going to wait to decide what to do about that 5th star until after I try those damn egg rolls!
5	Thanks to Nelson Q., I tried Boba City today on the way home from the Mirage.  Wow, it's as good as he says.  I had the Taro milk tea with boba and it was wonderfully tasty.  I had enough left when I got home that my wife got to try some and she liked it, too!I wanted to slap the woman in front of me upside the head.  She bought the last pastries, so I have to make another stop.  Oh well, maybe that's reason to forgive her for being a hog and buying the last ELEVEN of them!  Couldn't she share one?I think I'll make a small detour at Rainbow when I'm traveling Flamingo and make some more stops at Boba City.Props to Nelson for his review which let me know about this fine place!
5	I finally tried the egg rolls today, and feel like I can fairly give Boba City Cafe a 5th star! Three pork egg rolls for $2.99. A good deal... and they were damn tasty too! We also got some delicious delimanjoo pastries. I have never had these before, they are little custard-filled cakes. Super yummy and super addictive, I know we will be back for more soon.
1	boba tea = goodfood = baaaadddhad a pork sandwich and a bbq beef sandwich...both looked nothing like the picture and tasted GROSS...never again!
5	I made a return visit today to try one more thing Nelson Q suggested - Avocado smoothie with boba.  Wow, this is great!  Who would have thought that avocado could taste this good blended and with boba?Since it was Monday, they had no pastries.  They don't make them and bring them out until the afternoon.  Looks like I'll have to make ANOTHER detour on Rainbow to try the pastries later this week!As an added bonus, he gave me a sample of mango smoothie with my avocado.  Now I know what I'm getting later this week!
5	I stopped today and finally got my Delimanjoo pastries - a small box of 24 miniature, custard filled delights.  I also got a chai milk tea with boba.  It was great!  When my wife asked for a taste, she said, :I want one of those."  Oh well, I'll just have to stop again!The owners here are super friendly.  It's been two months since I was here and he remembered that I wanted the pastries.  I watched as the machine filled the small molds and he removed them with his tongs at the end of the baking.I'll be back.  This place is great.Thanks, Nelson!
5	My latest addiction of Boba Milk Tea lead me to this place. I've been eying this place for awhile now and since it was on my way back to work taking a lil detour I decided to drop on by. The place was empty when I got there and I thought could it be that it's not that good? I asked the lady what was the most popular drink and she mentioned that its the Taro Milk Tea and the Mango....I however decided to just go with the plain old original Boba Milk Tea. I was a bit confused about why the menu had said that there is no dairy used....but the lady working explained to me that they used soy milk. DUH! That's good for us Asians that are lactose intolerant. I came here with a coworker and she ordered the Taro Milk Tea with Boba and these lil cakes called deli manjoo. I've never had deli manjoo before and she brought them out warm to us. I asked her where she bought them and she said we make them here and then points at the molds. They were lil pieces of custardy deliciousness! My Boba Milk Tea definitely filled my addiction for today and I know I will definitely be returning for some more Deli Manjoos! PS. They also have a stamp card....free boba drinks!
4	I only tried a mango green tea with boba, so I can't say I'm ready to bestow 5 stars until I've tried some other things. That being said, my tea was very well executed and the boba were perfect. The store is clean and cute and the guy working there (the owner?) was incredibly friendly and personable. I will be back to try more boba drinks!! If you're in the area - don't drive to chinatown, give this spot a try instead. They also serve some tasty looking food, another plus !
4	I am so happy I found a Boba place in Las Vegas.  It is a little far from where I live but it is on the way home from eating dim sum.  It definitely is a perfect ending to a great Brunch! 1 star = for the variety drinks they have available to make2 stars = for their frequent buyer club where you get a stamp for each drink you purchase and by the tenth one, then you get your next drink FREE!  Sweet deal!3 stars = for the great customer service.  They are super nice there and even offer samples!4 stars = for the creme cakes.....OMG..i discovered them here and they make them fresh.  SO GOOD!  I can eat like 100 of them. Lacks the 5th star because they don't make their drinks consistently the same.  I believe the lady that works there makes them the best because she takes her time.  Overall, everything is yummy!  I'll be back over and over!
4	Stopped by Boba City Cafe for the first time this week and the place was not crowded, but it's probably because it was cold that night and not a weekend. Ordered coffee milk tea, avocado smoothie, and mango ice cream.The coffee milk tea and mango ice cream were delicious. Very nice flavorful and not too sweet. The avocado smoothie wasn't as good. Not sure if the avocado wasn't ripe or there wasn't enough avocado in the drink, but there were not much flavor.Customer service was great. I think this place is run by husband and wife. They were super nice and friendly. I'll come back and try their avocado smoothie again just so I can give a fair assessment.Will definitely order the coffee milk tea (with boba) and mango ice cream again.
1	This place is on my "never go again" list. I got the wrong order but she just blamed me for incorrectly placing my order...huh?!?  Tea taste was nothing special, i did like that it wasnt overly sweet, but the boba balls were not fresh (not springy and chewy).
5	I didn't realize this is the same place that moved from Meadows Mall!The place has few tables, they serve rice plates, gelato, shakes, coffee, and of course BOBA!! :D I didn't catch the name of the man who greeted us he was very friendly and was generous when sampling gelato! He gave us a tip that Deli Manjoo is served fresh everyday at 2pm and it sells out quick. I first knew them from Meadows Mall and I loved their taro boba. I tried their cookies galore gelato and it's delicious! Now knowing that there's rice plates I look forward to trying the rest of the menu :)
5	OMG!!!  I've been here many times more than I have counted!!  And I haven't had anything I didn't like.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their boba!!!  I grew up in California and haven't had any boba this fresh!!  The husband and wife team is always there to make your drinks themselves.  Very nice touch of customer service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	place is good from what i rememberthe goodsToffee mocha: sweet, and rich, i had to drink water after i was done with this thingKbbq beef: good, its meat, and sweet, but its a good snack Mango ice tea: i think this was super sweet too, but i think it also tasted like they grinded up a mango and purified it and made it a tea, tasted like a liquid mango!the restaurant:nice small place, cleanthe service:these guysa re quick! they get you in and out!
2	The lady was unhelpful and seemed annoyed by all my questions I was asking her. This place is expensive with a large smoothie being over 6 bucks. I ordered the mango slushi w/ boba. My slushi was watery and felt like there was hardly any boba in it. Go to Easy Life.
4	Stopped in this place just before it closed after getting a massage next door. Got the blended chai with boba, and it was great, but the boba wasn't very sweet at all. I would go back for the gelato alone! We got to try the pumpkin gelato, and it was like frozen pumpkin pie, so good!
1	I go into Boba City cafe for a quick bite while i run my errands, i order a large avocado smoothie with boba and a vietnamese chicken sandwich. First off the pricing posted on the wall for this smoothie did not reflect the actual price which was taped to the 1 register. i end up psying $6 or $7 for a large smoothie which was waaaayy overpriced. It tasted like the avocados that had been used were over ripe. In a word putrid!! When i go and pay I had some bill and like 70 cents change which the cashier helped herself to as a tip instead of giving it me. This should have been the first inclination of trouble. The sandwich was ok, fresh. I take my food and siy in my car, then decide to go back in to ask if I could get another drink instead. The cashier then said I had to pay for another. Obviously if I'm asking for a new drink this must be disgusting. Overall the service was very poor and unprofessional and it seems to me that they are  trying to make up for the lack of customers by helping themselves to your change one customer at at a time. My advice is to got to Chinatown for better prices, tastier food, and faster service.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!
4	I'm a fan!  Unlike other places that use flavored powders Boba City actually blends REAL fruit into their smoothies, I ordered my usual honeydew.  Not only were there tapioca pearls but actual honeydew pieces in the same shape as the pearls.  My only complaint would be that cold temperature of the drinks chill the tapioca boba pearls and harden them if you don't drink it fast enough.
5	Immaculately clean.  The workers weren't especially friendly, but our taro smoothies were delish.  Don't know if we will be back anytime soon - kind of a far drive from Henderson - but you never know.  I do love me some taro!*Edit:  Okay, so we went back the next day.  :)  Screw the drive... it's worth it!  :)
5	I have been to Boba City many times since my initial review.  The milk tea is incredible, as is the food.  I've had nothing but great customer service.  Another tip... try the egg rolls.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Okay, I have to update my review again.  Sadly, this involves taking away a star.  Sigh.  I don't wanna do it, because I really love and respect what this place is doing.  I love their fresh ingredients, and their food has a lot of love put into it... but...The boba is pretty yucky sometimes.  Mushy and just not flavorful.  When I tried it the first time, I was still new to this whole boba thing.  Now that I've experienced the wonderfully delicious boba at places like Tea Station and Easy Life, I can't pretend this is good.  It isn't.  Sigh.But I'm still a fan.  I will just get my drinks sans boba :)
2	I had a Lychee green tea with boba and strawberry gelato on a waffle cone for almost 8 on a wednesday night. - Service was pushy. The lady who helped us, kept asking if we we're ready yet. At least give a recommendation on what's popular rather than saying "do you know what you want now?"- Boba was disgusting. I actually tried my best to avoid eating the boba. it was mushy, old, and not bubbly at all. Coming from the OC where boba is on point, this was just too mediocre. - The Lychee green tea tasted alright. I was expecting actual lychee bits. Is that too much to ask for? haha- Gelato was good. I'm no gelato expert, but I can't complain about flavor. All I can say is the picture on yelp is a bit deceiving. - I think they have a picture of a strawberry shortcake from COLD STONE?? LOLLas Vegas Boba is a huge fail. Just stick with the popular chains like Tea station here. LOL.-____-
2	Stopped in after going to the foot spa. We saw they also had smoothies. Well they advertise they have smoothies. I asked for a smoothie and got a cip of chocolate and vanilla ice cream. I honestly could not understand her response to why. The ice cream was not good. It tasted more like ice milk. Will not be back. ,
5	As long as I've been going here I've never had a problem with this family owned business to see all these negative comments is a little heart breaking. So I went ahead and took a look at there menu there isn't one thing there for 7.25 there's a salad for 7.99 and the register kicks out a 8.1 tax every time anyone I've known that has went there has gotten the same tax each and every time. If I had a customer there screaming at me I would also ask them to leave my store running a business is stressful enough with out the nonsense an it's just common courtesy to others dinning at my facility .
5	I had never had the opportunity to experience boba before - so I was excited and a bit nervous at the same time. The man behind the counter was unbelievably helpful, providing us with samples before we actually settled on our flavor. They allow you to add boba to anything - which is fantastic. The boba was fresh and flavorful. The tazo is to die for, I also highly recommend the green tea and peanut butter oreo!
3	Felt like trying another Boba place because got the Boba itch and it close too home. I never been too Boba City Cafe so really had no expectations. Just looking forward too more Boba. Talk about tiny place not many seats inside or out but they do offer tiny patio area. It not just Boba they serve also regular food mostly asian noodle or rice dishes. But strictly here for the Boba. Unfortunately since my last Boba at No 1 Boba Tea set high standard but still came here with open mind. I ended up getting the strawberry/banana. Solid not overkill on the sweet tooth but still could taste both fruits in it. I love my tapioca balls and felt like not enough. If not endless amount of tapioca balls till the last sip then just not Bobalicous for me. The tapioca balls are good just wish there was more (you can get extra scoop for 50cent) now I know order extra scoop. The service was good had no problems ordering and the guy even gave me sample of the mango never ask for with my Boba. It seems not too busy of place or least when I went in later in the evening. So always plus. Not as many choices of Boba but sometimes less is better in life. I think in Boba case more might be better. Still have too say No 1 Boba Tea is my favorite but if need of my Boba not shy away from coming back since so close too home.
3	Eh.. I was expecting more.The drink was just eh. Not too flavorful.. Liked the fact that their drinks weren't too sweet. Prices are a bit higher than most boba stores in the city. I thought it was odd that the employee added boba in my drink when I didn't ask for it. Most places will ask if you'd like boba first. The boba was really soft and mushy..Still, good customer service. I got some samples of their smoothies while waiting for my drinks and he patiently helped me through the process of choosing what to get.2 stars for the drinks. One for customer service. Unfortunately not a fan.
4	Today was my 1st time in here. Staff was friendly, place was VERY clean!! I had taro w/ boba slushie. It was very good, however a lil pricey in comparison to other places. But, I'm sure i will go back again!
2	Is it me or every boba tea place in town has a minimum charge on the card?$5 minimum for this place. Boba was alright. Wasn't that much selection, it's either milk tea or green tea. Either or, you're not bombarded with a lot of choices.Food was decent but shoot, $4 for 5 pieces of squid balls! Just too expensive. The drinks were priced decently. The plates? Oh no, you're better off making your own lunch/dinner at home.
4	Guy server was very friendly, boba abit on the tough side, the Thai tea boba is very good, he told me it's real Thai tea imported from Thailand not like the extremely sweet ones they served elsewhere.
5	Really good... Boba Milk Tea!
5	This place is really good! The boba and delimanjoo was the best I ever had. I've lived in Vegas my entire life, and I've been to a bunch of boba places. This place is one of the best in my list.I definitely recommend! :)
5	I have got to say, every time I come here I pray to Nam, for being such a great, humble demigod. 5 stars.
2	This use to be my favorite boba spot, until I kept getting drinks with funky tasting boba. Honestly, the last 2 times I went the boba tasted so disgusting I couldn't even drink the milk tea.
1	Very small menu and the older lady that just took my order is Super Rude!!!! You Just lost a customer.  On top of that, was the weird tasting Boba.  Like some kind of medicine-y taste to it.  Would not go back or recommend.
1	Came back two years later and with no customers in there the lady still took 5 mins to greet us. Then we were greeted by "what? What you looking for?" Lmao how is this place still in business. We walked right out. What a P.O.S
3	I was pretty disappointed.  It's bizarre to name your store BOBA CITY CAFE but have an extra .50 charge to have the boba IN the drinks. The drinks without the boba are already pricey and it's surprising that they wouldn't note the extra charge on their menu to have the boba in. Total of $4 for a medium size boba drink with boba is a bit too much. Ugh. On a brighter note, drinks were perfect, boba was the right texture...not too hard nor too soft. BUT, there are other boba stores in the valley that offers the same quality drinks with reasonable prices.
2	My first time here. Grabbed 2 bobba drinks. It was ok but super expensive. It was over $11 for just 2 drinks. Yikes! Decor is kind of outdated and grungy hence doesn't explain the high prices.
2	Groupon sent us here and the three times we've visited, the place was empty.. way too quiet. Boba drinks were waaaaay too sweet & without the Groupon, a little pricey. I think the only good thing is their Cookies & Cream. Also, to Boba City Cafe, if you're not selling Deli Manjoo anymore, remove the signs, remove the multiple product placements & get rid of the machine so you won't disappoint people walking in wanting to buy Deli Manjoo. I'm just saying.
5	One if the best boba that I ever had. The coffee itself was so good!! Very smooth and I just had to go back before leaving Vegas!!
5	Even though there is new management the quality is still great I miss the old owners but the new ones are doing a great job there self. Thank you!!!! Oh yea and the prices have went down can't argue with that.
2	I hate to give a bad review, but after a second bad visit, I've got to.First, I'll say the boba milk tea was good, other than a little too much ice. Had it twice. This is why I gave Boba City Cafe 2 stars instead of 1. The only problem I had with the boba was the price. It was expensive to begin with, and Boba City Cafe charges extra if you want boba in your boba tea. Not extra boba, ANY boba. What? I've been to plenty boba places and none charge for this.While the tea was fine, the service was terrible. I purchased one of the Groupon deals for this place (the one Groupon came with multiple vouchers for separate visits). The first time, the man working the counter said I couldn't use it because his boss wasn't there and only the boss is authorized to redeem Groupons, despite the fact that there is no disclaimer on the Groupon itself. After arguing with him, he redeemed it, though I believe he charged me too much over the value of the voucher.I went back 2 days later to redeem another voucher and the same guy said, "oh, those are expired." The voucher clearly shows they aren't, which I pointed out. Then he said, again, "My boss isn't here and I can't redeem those." After another, more-drawn out fight, he did redeem the voucher. With the nickle-and-diming with the boba and the reluctance to redeem deals they sold, I suspect this place is fishy,Maybe this place is good if you're not using a Groupon, though I think most people would be irritated to see an extra charge on top of their $4 boba tea so that the tea would have boba in it. Too expensive, rude/ and poor service, cafe doesn't sell the vast majority of items on its menu. I won't be returning.
1	No wonder about all the changes, just seeing on here that they changed owners and it isn't for the better. I just went here last week after not having come for probably about a year (I frequent Easy Life) after having a craving for a plain iced green tea with boba. There were a couple ladies that made it in before me and they proceeded to take forever to order, and then the guy (he was working alone) started on their drinks. It took 10 minutes of standing there just to be able to put my order in. So then I order my "large plain iced green tea with boba" and it took another 15 to receive it between the cashier making the order ahead of me and finishing my order as well as the order of the guy behind me at the same time. I didn't even think it was my drink since it was a slush and not iced tea. Confused, I picked it up and high tailed it out of there not wanting to waste another minute since my quick boba stop took nearly 30 minutes. There was a group of guys waiting behind us that had been standing there for at least 10 minutes and had yet to put their orders in.That gentleman working on a slow Monday afternoon was not the slowest person in the world but he could definitely pick up the pace considering how unbusy it was and how long it took for us to get our drinks. I tasted it after getting in the car and it wasn't horrible but definitely too sweet and a huge letdown for the amazingly delicious and refreshing iced green tea that used to be served here. I'm guessing that it is not offered anymore since I ordered it the way I always used to yet at the same time did not find anything on the menu indicating that they offered non-flavored green tea. My bad...?? What kind of boba place offers every flavor of iced green tea but not plain??? The boba was ok, I just couldn't get past the crappy drink that I only had half of. Between the way too sweet drink and beyond slow service I will frequent my other regulars and also try some ones new to me.
5	Best boba tea place EVER!!!! The chai tea and chicken wings are amazing. The girl at the front desk is very knowledgeable when it comes to the tea and is also super friendly. Anyone know if they cater? I've got a lot of friends that like boba a lot and they are that good!!
2	Mediocre taste and horrible service. Always one person working and takes forever to make the boba.
5	I absolutely love boba city cafe!  Their boba teas come with the cool lids and thick straws that everybody loves.  I had the Thai tea with boba and it was delish! I also ordered the combination sandwich and loved the flavors of the meat and sauce.  The sandwich could have a little more filling (filling to bread ratio is more bread than meat or veggies) tho, but honestly all the flavors and spices made up for that.  I definitely will recommend to my friends that are in the area looking for a quick snack or even lunch.  Keep up the great work boba city!
4	I'm not giving a 5-star just because I have yet to taste any of their boba drinks. But I did try their Deli Manjoo that were so addicting and delicious! The owners had brought over a few samples for our work near by to try and we have been hooked! Just today, I went by to get the Deli Manjoos but their machine was broken (BUT THEY ARE IN PROCESS OF FIXING IT ASAP!!!!!!) so I got myself a combination chicken and lamb baguette sandwich and it was so delicious!!!!!!!!  The (new) owners were such sweethearts and so kind! They are always so welcoming and always smiling :) I will definitely go back, even if I'm not working or just near by!
3	Taro snow boba, fairly solid. Boba was a bit overcooked but flavor of the taro was prominent instead of watered-down, as it has been elsewhere. Drink sizes, medium and large, are generous and pricing is about average: medium is just under $5.Store itself has plenty of retro seating and offers a food menu of sandwiches and various fried snacks as well as drinks- iced coffee drinks and free wifi included.Signage posted for a free size upgrade when posting a review on Yelp- not sure if this is really kosher, should probably be a check-in deal instead of soliciting reviews but whatever. Would come back when in the area, but I'm usually not in this neck of the woods.Side note: walked up to the counter and a previous customer's wallet and sunglasses were left there. Found it odd that the cashier didn't seem to notice, but it was returned to it's owner who was seated nearby.
5	New owners and thank god! They've turned Boba City into a solid boba place.I'm Asian. I order boba 1-3 times a week. Oddly enough, I don't have much of a sweet tooth. I do, however, LOVE that they're so flexible with the sugar content at Boba City and they do so without ruining the taste of the drink! It helps that they use real fruit in their smoothies as well (strawberry, mango, etc.) It really makes the difference. I'm more of a matcha green tea smoothie or green milk tea person myself, but they are indeed tasty. The owner made me a Peach Iced Green Tea w/ Boba one time which is also worth a try! And again, saved me the sugar rush. :) I guess half the battle is finding someplace that cooks their boba correctly and consistently. It was almost depressing to visit my "used to be go-to" Perfect Scoop and discover that their drinks and their boba went to h***. MUSHY is never a good thing. Boba City always has the perfect texture--that firm but soft feel that everyone's after. You can tell it's fresh and sweetened to perfection. They use a blend of brown & white sugar + honey. The perfect cocktail for boba perfection!Their food isn't' half bad either. I'm a sucker for a good Viet sandwich (banh mi). While the bread they use here is a tad bit unorthodox, the ingredients are A+. The meats are delicious. When I found out the owner's mom uses a family recipe to marinate the pork used in the sandwiches I just about died... and then asked for the recipe. I didn't get it :(Anyway, Boba City is under new management and it's finally under control. Solid 4.5 stars.
2	Really? People can't really be this bad at working and getting the basics right. Order: coke soda, kiwi smoothie with strawberry boba, egg rolls (veggie) and the roast beef sandwich with JUST mayo and cheese.  MISTAKE #1: they made a kiwi slushie not smoothie with regular (black) boba instead of with strawberry boba. Totally wrong. MISTAKE #2: roast beef sandwich had all of the toppings instead as regulated with just cheese n mayo. MISTAKE #3: not a mistake per-say but it took 15 minutes just to get us our coke. That should of been the first thing out. PROS: eggs rolls were bomb. My friend called and they were willing to fix order, so we drove back to get the correct order.  They were nice about it and apologized.
5	Boba Tea establishments are very hit-and-miss. It's good to finally find one that has been consistent with the service, taste, and most importantly, texture of the boba(tapioca pearls). It's easy for them to be overcooked = hard, or tempting to be left out long = soggy. You can easily tell after two drinks whether or not this place is worth your business.This is my new regular boba spot as long as I live here.
5	Mom and pop boba shop. Hidden gem!! Next to La Bonita! Super nice people knows about customer service. Not employeed by teenagers, owner work and puts love into it.Tried everything so far so good!!Definitely try DeliManjoo!!
