4	Ok...during the 120 degree summer a great place to sit inside and people watch and order... the Lobster Cobb Salad.  Huge chuncks of lobster, goat cheese, artichoke hearts, avocado...never been able to finish it either...and hey for 19 buck I shouldn't be able to.  But a good place to sit in the AC, watch the touristas with that just got laid look going from the hotel to the pool while having a great salad with a glass of pinot grigio....because if you're eating a 19 dollar salad...have a glass of pinot grigio.
5	This is what i'm talking about: a place that's open 24 hours. Because after gambling for seven hours straight after dinner, I gotta go find some dessert.It maybe the only 'upscale' place for dining that's 24/7. It's run like a uber-upscale diner with its gourmet dishes and decked out, nightclub-like interiors. You'll see the late night clubrats and flipped-collar dudes at tables with orchids on omelet dishes at 3 AM. Hey, it'll beat those quarter pound hot dog stands and stupid cafeterias during the wee hours of the morning. You know who you are, you Gambling Zombies.
4	Uhm...WOW this place is nice. I was pleasantly surprised. The ambiance is kinda quiet. The staff was nice. Ok I like iced tea...Their iced tea is fresh brewed. Calamari is pretty good. The pasta was fantastic. It is kinda upscale - a little more costly than most cafe's....but this is why it's called THECafe. Definitely worth coming to rather than Raffles Cafe at Mandalay for 24 hr dining.
4	This is the kind of place I would expect to find home in SF.  It has dark wood and a very modern touch, yet isn't cold or uncomfortable.  Great place for brunch, unique spin on old favorites--lobster and brie in your omlette anyone?  Our server was slightly over-zealous and made the same lame jokes to all his tables, which was a little annoying, but he was friendly and the service was good.
2	Food is waaaaaay overpriced here. Simple breakfast, omlette, toast, misc items and dessert(oops).....$50.....sheesh.btw, I did get THEbill and paid for with MYcash.....lol
5	This place has great plates, ahhh gotta love the comps ;)lol
2	A 24 hours restaurant in Las Vegas, that's all I really need to say. So glad to find it and being only few ones to be open in the wee hours. So tired and hungry, I was already so grouchy, ain't that a boo hoo.It's a shame the service and wait was pathetic for the price I'm paying for. 20 bucks for a burger tells its story. I mean it was an awesome burger, it was HUGE, and delicious. I got to order how I want it. Just the meat itself and the buns with lettuce is already about 10 bucks, others are topping. Of course I want my special cheese, grilled onions, sunny side up eggs, bacon, and mushroom in my burger. I assume each is about a dollar, so if my math adds up right, 20 should cover everything. Aahh! I was already tired. The guy was always missing whenever he's needed and I actually felt asleep and woke up twice waiting for the order, it really was an hour later that I eventually got my burger. Yawnnn.ps: Lots of eye candies though..
3	THEcafe is the single place to eat (outside of Mix Lounge) in THEhotel.  The girl (not to be confused with THEgirl) and I ate here on our last day in Vegas since we wanted to check our bags and spend the day walking around the shops.She ordered a grilled salmon salad and I had a club sandwich.  The club sandwich was pretty good and the fries were actually very good.  The grilled salmon had too much dressing and was a bit disappointing.  When we ordered, we were asked how she wanted the salmon done.  I have never heard this before for a salad, but he suggested medium rare so we went with that.  Well, it looked pretty well done when we got it.  Not dry or tough or anything, but when you order a medium rare steak, you expect pink in the center.Overall I think it was better than Bellagio Cafe, but the wait is super long here since this is the only place to eat.  At 11am we waited nearly 30 minutes.  The seats are plush and comfortable which makes for good conversation but not necessarily good for eating as you want to sink into the chair.Pretty expensive, a bit pricier than Bellagio Cafe, but it was definitely the right call given our schedule.
4	Yeah I know practically every casino on the Strip has a diner, but none of the them have one like THEcafe. All of the classic American dishes are given a new exotic flair. My girl and I stayed at the Mandalay Bay last time we came to Vegas and we just happened to notice THEcafe tucked away between the Mandalay Bay and THEhotel. I am so happy we decided to get breakfast there the next day. The food was amazing and the look of the place is so cool and modern. It was definitely a great find and a million times beyond any of the other casino diners.
2	Had to rush the order for lunch.  I picked the Chicken wrap, it was such an easy item to make, but they managed to find a way to do so.  They drenched it with dressing which made the sandwich soggy.  It's in the Mandalay Bay, so the price had to be expensive, and it was.  I could not complain about the service, it was very good.
3	Getting caught up on places I've been but never reviewed. For some reason I've reviewed almost none of the spots I've been to in Vegas over my last couple years in Vegas! With insomnia, suddenly seems like a good idea....Anyway! I really like to stay at THEhotel so have been here multiple times for business lunches and that kind of thing. Like the easy setting, but for the prices, the food doesn't quite live up to expectations. I tend to order seafood here, have had crab and lobster sandwiches and salads. Heavier than it needs to be and a bit more over the top than necessary. But a good standby nonetheless, especially if staying at THEhotel.
4	This place has amazing french fries. They were the perfice size, shape and were perfectly crispy! Seems like all the restaurants in Mandalay Bay serve the same fries. I can barely remember what else I ate there because the fries were so amazing. Cute place for a quick lunch but if you're lookin for some fancy vegas place this ain't it. Get the fries!
3	Had a pretty good breakfast here the other day, egg white omelet with spinach, tomato, onion and swiss. Came with super buttery toast and some crispy hash browns. Did the job for sure. Service was great and it couldn't be more convenient if you're staying at The Hotel.
4	Ate breakfast here today. Ate breakfast here yesterday. Will eat breakfast here tomorrow.This place is great ... and it is the only spot for food at The Hotel. We have been here every year for the past five years and this is my favorite breakfast spot. Our breakfast today was perfect ... great oatmeal, terrific eggs and a bowl of berries. The coffee is good too.  Who could ask for more? And with my American Express booked hotel stay, I get breakfast for two for free each day.  Love that!
4	My husband and I always enjoy brunch at this swankier- than-your-typical- Vegas-diner.  It's not inexpensive, but what in Vegas (especially at THEHotel) is? Try the hot chocolate beverages - I had something delish with kahlua, amaretto and Bailey's - yum! Portions are large, and service is really friendly. Quick note on this - I left my credit card behind and realized it hours later after the restaurant had closed. A hotel manager and the Cafe manager bent over backwards to help me, and ultimately returned my card within an hour. My server had put it away safely, and was reachable by the manager long after her shift to share that news. Thanks, guys!
1	Our server was a horrible, lying bitch, to put it nicely.She didn't greet us at all; the first thing she said was, "What do you wanna drink?" with a bit of an attitude. We saw other tables with baskets of bread, so we asked her if we could also get a basket. Sh straight up told us bread was for the people who ordered from the lunch menu (not us). For some reason, she still brought out a measly basket of bread for us and said that was all that was left -- even though all the other tables had big ass baskets full of all kinds of different bread.When she took our orders, she didn't ask my father how well he wanted his steak, which we didn't realize until his steak came and it was all bloody on the inside. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be prepared, but she could've at least warned my father. I ordered a Strawberry, Raspberry, and Blueberry waffle which was actually really tasty. That was the best part of the meal.Then, she took 20 minutes getting our bill and finishing the transaction. We didn't even know what the hell she was doing. She kept circling the restaurant, going in and out of the kitchen, looking around, going back into the kitchen, and coming out with nothing. It was really unfortunate we were stuck with her cos the other server who was taking care of tables nearby us seemed so attentive, and she just failed upon comparison.And it wasn't just us who thought the service was terrible. The table right next to us were also served by this lazy ass waitress. Apparently, one of the ladies wanted white bread and the server gave her Sourdough. The lady told her it was Sourdough and instead of just apologizing and bringing her white bread, the waitress argued with her and insisted it wasn't Sourdough.  All the lady said was, "Uh, this is Sourdough. Trust me, I ate it," which did the trick. They ended up not finishing the majority of their food and left a $2 tip (for a party of 4), which was hilarious cos you know how expensive food is in Vegas. They didn't follow the "15% tip rule," and neither did we.I wish I remembered the server's name, so you can all avoid her. She seemed to be Hispanic, middle-aged, short, kind of on the large side, with curly brown hair.  I'm sure a lot of people have had great experiences here considering all the positive reviews before mine; they just really need to get rid of her. Never again! Go spend your money elsewhere.
3	Great place if it was in a regular hotel, but THEhotel should have something better.  After a night of heavy partying the wife and I stumbled in the next morning with bad hangovers.  The place was empty except for one other table.  Our initial greet was prompt, but service was really lacking from that point on.  The food reminds me of eating at Denny's or Cocos.  The muffins were stale and the fruit far from being ripe.  If you are staying at THEhotel and are looking for a quick breakfast so you can get back to bed and sleep off your hangover, give this place a chance.  But if you have the time and energy, I would go someplace else.
1	slow service, eggs ordered over easy came fully cooked, ordered items only to be told they didn't have them
3	Meh nothing special. Same stuff you could get at any general breakfast place at half the price.
4	While it is pricey, know that they participate in restaurant.com and you can get a $25 certificate for $10 or even less with a promotion code.  Our $50 breakfast only cost $27.  With that caveat, it was a great experience.  The service here is excellent - maybe they are reading these reviews and trying to improve....but we found zero fault with the service from the hostess to the waiter.  The breakfast plates, while pricey are pretty substantial.  We couldn't even finish everything.  Hashbrowns are crispy and flavorful.  If you order the sausage with the eggs, it comes with 3 large chicken apple sausages which are delicious.  I drink my coffee black and I thought it was the exact right strength and really good.  Plus, I like that they leave the entire carafe at the table.
4	Great spot for breakfast in The Hotel.  We ate here two mornings in a row as it took less then 5 minutes to get to the restaurant from the room.  It was a little pricey for breakfast but we are in Vegas and the quality and portions were spot on.  I had the best smoked salmon one day and a fantastic banana french toast the next.  The only thing that I did not care for was the mint flavored iced tea...really weird fake mint flavor kinda like chewing Wrigley's then drinking some tea.  Eww.  The waitstaff was very attentive and my iced tea was always filled.  If I stay in The Hotel again, I will definitely eat breakfast at The Cafe.
1	My party of 5 was not impressed with this place. The service was the main problem, as we felt stuck in a corner with little to no attention. This was on a Sunday morning btw. When the food came out we had to flag the waitress down because we still didn't have any napkins or silverware. My "over medium" eggs were basically hard boiled. Corned beef was good. Toast was GREAT but when my friend asked for jelly that took another 15 mins. They charge you for coffee here which I wasn't used to... every other place gave it complimentary. All in all a bad experience and not going back. A shame because I'm a big fan of THEhotel.
4	My friends and I were very impressed with the service and food here at The Cafe. We usually eat here for breakfast or brunch when we stay at THEhotel and we always leave here with a smile :). I have to admit...the prices are very high..but you get so much food. I am in love with the Applewood Bacon they serve here....the slices are so thick and cooked to perfection and the eggs are always fresh. Sheesh.....I'm impressed.
2	I stopped here since it looked quiet & comfortable even though the prices were a bit high.  I thought it would be a good choice since it was located near THEhotel.   I don't mind paying the money for good food but I would have to agree with another review comparing The Cafe to a Dennys.  The sandwich that I had actually had processed turkey & not real turkey breast.  For these prices I was expecting more.   I was actually starving when I left.
3	Since we had a $25 credit that could be used for food, we ate twice at TheCafe in TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. Breakfast was pretty standard, but did like the fact they left a big carafe of coffee on the table so we could get our caffeine fix.    For lunch we ordered a hamburger and a turkey panini sandwich. These tasted fine, but the best were the truffle fries--hot from the fryer with enticing truffle aroma. The cafe has all black walls, black furniture, as does the whole hotel. I like that it's not crowded and one can relax without being near a casino or other eating venues like in the malls.
4	My boyfriend and our friend didn't like their burgers but i was very happy with my Croque Madame.  It was because of them Im constantly fiending for Croque Madame.for drinks... do get their BLOODY MARY's .
3	It's just ok.  Nothing to go out of your way for.  Had the eggs Benedict and custard pancakes with wife.  Not sure what custard had to do with the pancakes.  Price not too bad for Vegas.  Service was according though.
5	came here for breakfast yesterday! :] this was probably the happiest ive ever left vegas and i thank the cafe for the really amazing food! so tired of the generic little cafe restaurants in las vegas, but this place was not what i was expecting. the menu had some pretty interesting things-- the one thing caught my eye was the hash, it was a brisket and bacon combination. think of corned beef hash but a new hip version! very tasty and it was crispy-- just how i like my bacon anyways. it came with some hash browns, eggs and a madeline cookie! YUM! i also had to try the custard blueberry pancakes! so good! im a pancake fanatic and these were great! they were huge and full of flavor-- kind of like a sweet vanilla? not bisquick thats for sure ! :] throw in a cup of coffee and this was by far the best breakfast that i have ever had on the strip-- well thats beside the 2am late night run for steak and eggs after a long night out on the town ;]
5	The atmosphere was designed to make us feel good! I loved the lounge theme and how the lights were dimmed just right. The conversations going on was quiet yet thrilling. Mandalay Bay was a great looking hotel but this cafe was a hit! I loved my ceasar salad with garlic crutons. My gf had smoked salmon with a bagel and cream cheese. MMM soo delish! This def got me where I wanted! I'd def come back for soo much more!
1	We came for breakfast. Well, the lady who seated us was very friendly and addorable. What can go wrong? Waited and waited and finally we got asked if we wanted something to drink. Ok, one coffe and one latte. Is it strong? Yes sir. No it wasn't. Served in a glass (huh?). Tasted like brown dishwater. My partner had regular coffee. Horrible. Waiter came after 15 minutes. Hardly spoke English. We left. Pricey menu. Shitty service. Nice ambience
3	Meh- Go somewhere else if you can. ItThe food here is litterally what it says on the menu with nothing special or memorable. The eggs Benedict was pretty bad. Hollandaise needs work. 2 of us ordered it and agreed it was "meh". And at $18 we paid for bad diner food. I would have liked a mimosa but I couldn't let myself pay $10, when i get them for $1 at home.  The service was great.
5	We have had lunch here both in Nov 10 & Jan 11.  The food is wonderful.Everything we have tried  6 different entrees.  All were over the top. The waitstaff, Vicky,Hector,Paul were superb.  They took the time to explain each entree, gave great service.... ie refilling beverages etc..We will be back next time in Las Vegas....:)
4	Review for BREAKFASTEnjoyed b-fast this morning with my GF.  Pulled up to Valet, walked in and it was right there.So easy to access.MENU:Loads of options... from pancakes, waffles, french toast to "pigs in a blanket" (breakfast burrito), lobster and caviar eggs, make your own omelet, steak and eggs, smoked salmon (aka lox and bagels), crab eggs benedict plus other great sounding entrees.TASTE:I *tried* to be good... I ordered an egg white omelet with spinach, mushrooms and chicken.  It was served with hash brown and a big thick yummy slice of toast.  (I love toast.) Anyways... the omelet was BIG and fluffy with big chuncks of juicy chicken.  I only ate 1/2..it was very filling.  And I only ate 1/2 of my hash browns and only 1/2 of the toast.  I really wanted to eat ALL of the toast but thought that might make me too full.  The hash browns were nothing special... in fact they were the downer to the whole meal.... they were crunchy in sections and soggy in other parts.  Anyways... I really enjoyed my omelet and toast.  :)BLOODY MARY:Also ordered the Classic Bloody Mary... YUM!  These folks know how to make a good Bloody Mary.  If you've read some of my other reviews... you know that I like to order these to see how well they are executed. I would definitely order another BM from here.  :)  The celery was fresh and the olives were plump and juicy.  The bloody mary itself was not overly tomato-y and had a nice spice to it.  And more importantly, it was not water-y or thin like some other places that try to take poor quality BM mix and fix it with horse radish or by putting more vodka in it.My GF ordered the French toast and it looked Good.  She really enjoyed it.The presentation of the food and the condiments was very nice.  Love that they serve individual jars of jelly with the toast.SERVICE:  Friendly, fastPRICE: On the high side... for our 2 meals and our 2 BMs... total was $56.  But... I'm so full still that I won't be eating lunch.
3	We were here for Breakfast. It started out a little weird because the seating host was missing in action, we hovered for a few mins and she appeared. The waitress was very attentive, overall the service is good. I got a waffle with berries and marscapone cream cheese, was cooked perfectly. The hashed browns were delicious, and we also got an omelette that was good. Overall the meal was good, nothing outstanding, but a nice change of pace is you want somewhere quiet to start your day.
3	I swear, I'm just going to quit eating breakfast. Since I get about as much enjoyment out of a bowl of 15 cent oatmeal as I do out of most breakfast joints, it's usually a wasted experience. However, on the recommendation of friends who claimed they got life altering chilequiles from here, I had to go. Unfortunately...they did not have chilequiles on the menu any more. They have a good sounding menu, but I cheaped out a little on breakfast and ordered something non-fancy, as I'm planning to waste plenty of money on dinners while I'm in Vegas. I ended up having the Portuguese sausage hash with eggs and hash browns, and it was fine...The most exciting thing I can say it that the sausage was nice and lean, and the serving was enormous. The hash browns had some peppers in them too, which was nice, and it came with a nice piece of grilled sourdough toast. But all in all, this was unremarkable. I think it was also expensive (especially my $4 diet coke) but I will chalk that up to my Vegas naivete, and assume all things are this expensive.
3	Here's some so-so food at THEhotel. I loved the look of this cafe--lots of open space and modern decor overlooking THEhotel (no walls!). The waiter too was awesome, and produced each of our orders with a flourish.The food, however, was merely okay. Andrew J. ordered a huge omelet (http://media2.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/vXXqqT9tiJkwJN4TWOVc4w/l), and yogurt with granola. The yogurt to granola ratio was way too low, but they gave him more yogurt...and yum it was good yogurt, very refreshing and creamy.I had the crab eggs benedict, which our waiter assured me was an excellent choice. I requested sauce on the side, but he said it was delicious and not too rich, so it ended up being on the top. My eggs benedict (http://media4.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/9iwuHFm6xNxFcWzflcNLAg/l) was okay--I wasn't terribly into the sauce and it *was* a bit rich. My meal looked huge upon first glance, but this is misleading--under all that sauce was a lot of soggy-ish bread. It was also REALLY hard to taste the crab--I had to search for it. That being said, the eggs were pretty decent. I've had better though. I'll give THEcafe 3 stars for forgettable food and a nice ambiance.
5	THEcafe, many times we have stayed at THEhotel and never was THEcafe open, till now and I must say it was worth the wait without question. This was a great breakfast!! I ordered the Dry Aged Ribeye and 3 Eggs and the wife orders the Bacon and 2 Eggs with a side of pancakes. To begin with the steak was at least a 10 oz and would have set you back minimum twice as much at any steak place on the Strip, or back home for that matter. Cooked perfectly medium with a nice char on the edges, they somehow know how I like a breakfast steak it seems, lightly seasoned just salt and pepper to taste the steak and not some sauce . Both meals had absolutely perfect eggs, I am a scrambled person and the wife is over medium and both were perfectly done and served hot despite cooking time differences in the two. It has been said by some chefs that an egg is one of the hardest things to cook right, due to the sensitivity to temperature of the proteins. THEcafes cook has definitely figured that out in any style you like. The hash browns were the star, aside from the steak of course, they are a caramelized onion and parsley hash that are both seasoned and crisped to a golden brown. They are not greasy like some places make them, ughh, and not cooked dry to the extent of turning to patties of starch covered in bland seasoning. Extremely good is what they are! The pancakes, while not my particular favorite ,style was wonderfully done, sweet with a crisp exterior made of a heavier batter more cake like than I am used to, but very good. The coffee, while sevred in a carafe, French Press would be nice :), was deep and richly flavored with nice a fresh finish to it and no aftertaste to cover the food up. It is a definite go to for at least one breakfast each trip, when they are open. Sadly the pics I took Foursquare dropped so I have no shots of deliciousness to share :(
1	Beautiful morning, last day in Vegas, woke up feeling like having another great breakfast before going back home. Walk up to a restaurant with a smile on our faces, positive attitude in anticipation of enjoying our breakfast at The Cafe... 1 hour later, we are leaving in disappointment. Why? Well a couple of things...a.  I understand mistakes happen and dirty silverware can land on someone's table... but, please, don't have an attitude towards your customer. At least say I am sorry and run to get a fork from the kitchen and not from the table behind me... This is basic customer service!b. When a customer asks a question about their coffee, instead of asking "isn't that what you have ordered?" just be curious and see if there is anything wrong with it! c. When a customer orders a steak, one thinks of a cut full of meat and not just fat! 75% of the steak that was served with breakfast was left on the plate. There was practically no meat in it.d. Crab Egg Benedict? Hmmm, I see an egg but what about the crab??? Ok, ok, one flake of the crab will count...So many things in one hour....and  only one question I was leaving with: why on our last day we had to go through such bad experience...Ulyana
4	I thought this place was pretty good. I was a little nervous because of the somewhat negative reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. This might sound strange, but I wasn't expecting such large portions. It seems that in classy establishments (which this place tries to be), the more food is, the smaller the portions (quality over quantity I guess?). This place isn't cheap, but the portions were large. People at other tables were also talking about how much food they got. It is pricey though. A small glass of OJ is $5 (but it's good). I think we paid about $58 for breakfast (ouch!). If I would have thought about it more ahead of time, I probably would have gone to b-fast at the Four Seasons (I think it's called Veranda?) for that price. I don't necessarily regret it though.
4	Ate here because we were at THE Hotel.  The restaurant is right in the lobby nicely done in dark wood and with a view of the passing Vegas crowd.   We had lunch and it was very well done.   The service was a little slow but if I was there I would go back.
4	Had a quick brunch here one morning before heading out of Vegas and the turkey panini was delicious. Also the garlic fries were perfectly seasoned and practically melted in our mouth. One of my friends had the smoked salmon dish which he said was amazing! The service was not up to par... especially since the restaurant is at the base of theHotel and you would come to expect a bit more.
2	For the price (we had a restaurant.com certificate) I felt it was a good deal but otherwise, I don't think I'd go back.  I had the eggs w/the hash and the hash had carrots in it which I found very odd... the worst part was they weren't fully cooked so they were very al dente which didn't go well with the beef and potatoes in the hash. Also, I asked for no bread and yet they brought me bread. Service was okay. My friend seemed to enjoy her breakfast -- simple eggs w/bacon and toast so perhaps I need to just stick with the simple dishes next time... if there is a next time. The location is ideal if you are staying at THE Hotel as it's just next to the lobby.
4	The Cafe is slightly hidden from the main areas of Mandalay Bay, and when you see the breakfast prices you begin understand why they did so.  $20 for a 2 egg breakfast with juice is kind of a splurge, but when I cook eggs at home, they don't turn out nearly this good.  These were probably the best eggs that I've ever had, and I don't even like eggs that much!  They give you about 5 or 6 different choices for a meat, and the Portuguese sausage is an excellent choice.  I'm a little iffy on the potatoes, tho - not quite as crisp or tasty as I would like, but it's still an awesome breakfast.  Your bread comes with jam served in tiny jars, since the Smuckers plastic container with the peel-back lid isn't fancy enough for The Cafe.  It's impossible to wrong with the 2 egg breakfast, but the smoked salmon platter also sounded amazing.Breakfast and lunch only - no dinner.  If you're hungry and staying at The Hotel, run downstairs to The Cafe for a yummy breakfast.
3	We purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate and had brunch here while in Vegas. The cafe is very modern and sleek. Overall, it is pretty pricey but the food was good. Coffee is good, too, but $4. We had the blue crab benedict and the smoked pork benedict. The crab entree was incredibly flavorful. The amount of crab was disappointing for a $24 dish. The brioche layer was pretty dry. The smoked pork benny was simpler but also tasty. It had nice cuts of pork belly but there was not even a hint of smoke. We each tried a very expensive bloody mary and those did not disappoint. The smoky had rye whiskey, chipotle puree, and tarnished with bacon. The Maria was made with tequila. Overall, a nice breakfast but wouldn't be worth it without the gift certificate.
3	Food was pretty good, service was quick.  The apps were yummy, the truffle fries not too truffley, everything looked lovely, the beet salad was good, but my turkey panini was too sweet and just not very special.  Luckily I shared a coworker's cubano or I would've been one hungry camper.
3	They had really good sourdough toast, no really, they did. Everything else was A-OK - like the french toast, the waffle, eggs and pancakes.
5	Fantastic breakfast divine potatoes hash browns luv the smoked ham steak 2egg breakfast also the custard pancakes are amazzing! Finally A Breakfast on the strip that isnt a buffet that I enjoy!;)
4	THIS IS A MUST: blue crab benedict / spinach / roasted tomato / shallot truffle champagne sauce /brie / brioche 24 It was amazing! Delicious! Kind of a pricey breakfast. I was having breakfast for 1, and I had the Restaurants.com certificate, so I thought I would splurge a bit. I kept debating getting it or not, but it kept grabbing my attention. So save yourself the trouble and get it! Oh, and the ice tea was great too. Service was good.
2	I stay at the Four Seasons this time in Vegas. Friends told me about The Cafe. It's walking distance from my hotel. I thought why not give it a try. So here I am. Sitting at The Cafe having my breakfast and writing this Yelp review. I don't normally do this, but the hostess is so rude and annoying that I have to come vent immediately.I arrived with my computer and some books, ready to eat and work. There were several solo business travelers here as well. The place was quite empty, so most of them were seated in a booth or a bigger table. When it was my turn to be seated, the hostess took me to the smallest, most crowded table in the room. I needed space for my computer and stuff, so I told her I would like to be seated at one of the empty booth (she just seated a solo business man in the booth next to the one I wanted.) She refused and gave me a booth that's right behind the entrance. It's the worst booth in the room, dark and crowded. She gave me a dirty look and left. Fortunately my waiter is super nice. I told him that I wanted to move to the other booth that's more comfortable. He had no problem with it. When I was moving my stuff, the hostess saw me and gave me another super nasty look.Ok. It's 9AM on Monday in Vegas. The Cafe is empty. I don't know what her problem is that she gives every solo diner (mostly caucasian men) nice booths and give me the smallest table in the room. When I told her I needed more space, she gave me such nasty attitude.On top of that, the breakfast is just blah. My nice waiter deserves a star and that's why I am giving this place two stars instead of one.
3	The cafe is more like an overpriced dennys for sure. Don't get me wrong the food is decent and it's really nice and quiet. But not really worth it. Service was ok. Nothing above and beyond. It's mainly open for just breakfast and lunch. Not sure if they have a brunch or not. But dinner isn't served at all. I've eaten here a few times. And the only reason being is because i always stay at THE hotel. So its the closes restaurant near by. To tell you the truth I can't even remember what exactly I ordered the times i've gone. Just breakfast I guess. I'm either too hung over. Or in a hurry to finish my food and move on to my next activity in Vegas. I doubt I'll come back. Only reason I'm giving it three stars is because it's convenient.
2	We were staying at THEHotel and this is right next to the lobby so we figured we would have breakfast here our first day. Plus I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com for 25 bucks. Even with the 25 off I found it to be overpriced.Service was great. We ate here on a tuesday morning and there were only a couple other tables taken so we were seated right away. Our server was nice and our food was served almost right after we ordered. We could not believe how quick it came, but then again we were one of the three or four tables seated in the place.I ordered ham and eggs, my wife ordered the California omelet with sausage on the side. We both had orange juice and coffee. Coffee was really good. You know breakfast was just ok when the coffee stands out. Anyway this came to 70 dollars! minus the 25 gift certificate which brought it down to 45. Wow. really? It was good but not THAT good. I understand they add tax and gratuity to the total before the 25 is taken off but 70 bucks for breakfast for 2 people? Not worth it. I overpaid because I was eating breakfast in THEHotel. I soon found out there are much better cheaper options available not that far from here, without having to use a gift certificate or a coupon. No we won't be eating here again.
3	**Breakfast Review**The Cafe at THEhotel is the best breakfast establishment in the Mandalay Bay complex. I would recommend it for anyone who wants a quality breakfast with large portions...but beware, as you might expect at a swanky hotel with a pretentious name, you will be shelling out big bucks for the privilege.Food:The food is straight up good and the star of both our visits. The build-your-own three-ingredient Omelet was huge and the ingredients fresh and plentiful. I went with the bacon, spinach, aged cheddar omelet both days and was very happy I did. The hash browns were excellent and not at all greasy and the bread was also very good.Price:The entrees are a little over what you would expect, but not much. It's the drinks that will kill you. For the price of one ~5oz. glass of Orange Juice, you would expect someone to grind the orange right in front of you...or something like that. No refills either. You're getting cha-chinged each time you want another thimble of OJ. Coffee and tea are also priced well above even what Starbucks charges.Service:Mediocre at best. We had a difficult time flagging down anyone if our drinks went dry or if we had a problem. Additionally, REVIEW YOUR BILL. We were charged for two coffees we never ordered. The server laughed off her mistake, but I didn't find it so funny at their prices.Ambiance:The restaurant's decor is very modern, with extremely high ceilings and open walls to the public walkway. You sort of feel on display, but you also feel like the people walking by are longing for the giant omelet in front of you. :)So, if you are looking for a great breakfast at Mandalay Bay, but aren't afraid of paying high prices or being let down by service, The Cafe is THErestaurant at THEhotel to visit.
5	Once again, my gf and I had a tremendous time here during lunch today. The aged angus truffle burger with truffle fries was amazing. Medium rare, truffle oil, etc...soooo bomb!! They weren't stingy with the fries either. The assorted breads were hot and new too. The service was an A! Basically every little piece of review on this place is 100%! Its a must go to place here no matter what.
5	On my way to my room at The Hotel, I walked by The Cafe several times.  It's an upscale cafe with modern decor.  It's a great place for breakfast.  After working for few days, I was looking for my husband to join me in Vegas so we could come here over the weekend.The service is great, the seats are very comfortable, decor is relaxing and the food is superb!We ordered...Crab Benedict - INCREDIBLE!  Lots of clumps of crab.Huevos Rancheros - Delicious!  My husband rarely empties his place and his plate was empty.Coffee was perfect!One of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Looking forward to coming back!
3	The food was good. We got the huevos rancheras and I give it a 4 star. The service gets about a 2 star.  our waitress sucked
2	Underwhelming. Terrible cappuccino, overlooked omelets. Terrible whole wheat bread for toast. For the price, there is much better food here.
3	So so. Had a late breakfast here after an early morning check in. Biggest disappointment is no fresh espresso drinks- aka cappuccino. It all comes from "a machine where I press one button." for the price of a cappuccino I really want a real one, not one from a vending machine.
4	During my last visit at THEhotel, we opted to stop by here for our last brunch.  We finally found a place that had no wait and quick service.  Too bad it was our last day!     The bacon, tomato and Brie cheese sandwich was awesome.  The tomato soup was a bit on the sour side, but still went well with the sandwich.  The pancakes were fluffy and the warm syrup added a nice touch.  I kinda like fries.  And what surprised me here were their TRUFFLE FRIES.  They rate up there with some of the best I've had.  Thin, crunchy on the outside, perfectly flavored, and plentiful....I would come back just for them.
4	We really liked this place.  After a long night of partying we were a wee bit hung, this was the perfect spot to go.  The atmosphere was so serene and tranquil, I wanted to go back to sleep.  The food was marvelous.  I loved the blue crab bennie.  Lots of crab meat and flavor.  My Honey got the smoked pork bennie, which was good but I thought mine was better.  The service was excellent, we didn't want for anything, our waiter was very on top of it.  We went to another place for breakfast at the Mandalay Bay, this place blew it out of the water.
4	Straight up good, resort breakfast for the business traveler at reasonable prices.Side note: Stop reading if your idea of breakfast in Vegas is 15 strips of bacon, a couple scoops of greasy fried country potatoes, and heaping of eggs scrambled in butter and heavy cream finished with a glass of OJ (for that serving of fruit).  Nothing wrong with that, just remember the city's slogan as you're frantically searching for that special room a few hours later.The ambiance is contemporary.  Even the suit clad or dot com urban cowboy totes iPads and iPhones instead of printed WSJ or Financial Times.  Service warm and unobtrusive.  The food; the best breakfast on the Strip.The custard pancakes with vanilla butter and macerated blueberries is outstanding.  Warm, fluffy, and extremely moist.  The pronounced vanilla works so well against the tart berries.  The simple waffle with a warm, fresh fruit compote and the to die for maple mascarpone stays crisp to the very last bite.  Finally the white chocolate raspberry brioche French toast topped with macadamia nuts and frangelico syrup; perfect.  Rich, not too sweet, eggy goodness.Heavier eaters should opt for the incredible in house cured salmon with its melt in your mouth goodness or the smoked pork benedicts.  Pork with eggs and butter is the breakfast of champions right?Portions are very large.  Even the sides are huge.  The bone in ham easily 6oz.  The three strips of extremely thick cut, crispy broiled bacon 4oz.Around $20 per person, a real bargain for the quality and quantity.
5	This is SUCH a lovely place to have breakfast!! They get 5 stars based on their vanilla yogurt alone. It's deliciously creamy and it's filled with real vanilla bean seeds. Oh.my.goodness. And for a cup of this, priced the same as a glass of iced tea, it's a steal..My husband said he's never had fresher tasting fruit in his fruit plate. This place completely gets an A+ for their food. And while their prices are high, you are definitely getting your money's worth as far as quality of food and quality service. We went here a few times and really enjoyed ourselves.
4	We've learned that restaurant.com comes in very handy for Vegas. We had a $25 certificate for this place and tried it out for brunch. The place was pretty empty when we arrived (I suppose 2pm is a bit late for brunch...), but the service was quite helpful and friendly. We settled on the ham/spinach/mushroom omelet (good) with toast and the huevos rancheros with house-made chorizo (SO good! At the top of the list of the best of had). To make our $50 target to use the certificate, we ordered their "mini" deserts. Aside from getting a cherry cobbler instead of the strawberry shortcake, the desserts where a nice, sweet, ending to a very satisfying brunch. Quick note: they close at 3pm and take the last lunch setting at 2:30pm - plan accordingly.
4	We've learned that http://restaurant.com comes in very handy for Vegas. We had a $25 certificate for this place and tried it out for brunch. The place was pretty empty when we arrived (I suppose 2pm is a bit late for brunch...), but the service was quite helpful and friendly. We settled on the ham/spinach/mushroom omelet (good) with toast and the huevos rancheros with house-made chorizo (SO good! At the top of the list of the best of had). To make our $50 target to use the certificate, we ordered their "mini" deserts. Aside from getting a cherry cobbler instead of the strawberry shortcake, the desserts where a nice, sweet, ending to a very satisfying brunch. Quick note: they close at 3pm and take the last lunch setting at 2:30pm - plan accordingly.
3	I love THE Hotel, naturally, I liked THE Cafe.  My friends had the Cubano sandwich (they liked it), I had the brie, tomato, and bacon panini with tomato soup.  The tomato soup was perfectly seasoned and one of the best I've had.  The truffle fries were also awesome and I didn't leave any on the plate.  The portions were huge for the price.  The only thing lacking was the service.  The hostess freaked when we told her there were 12 of us (even though we were willing to split up).  She looked annoyed and upset when she sat us.  Our waitress was not attentive and when we flagged down other waiters to ask for to-go boxes or water they looked annoyed that they had to help us.  I'd go back for the food but know to expect blah service.
5	Skip the buffet and enjoy a great breakfast at The Cafe'.This is a great location, cozy , quiet, not a lot of foot traffic.Lighting is perfect.My sunnyside eggs were perfect.The pancakes were excellent as well.Definitely worth a re-visit.Enjoyed every bite.
3	Woke up late so we went here for brunch.  Nice and quiet, very modern looking cafe.  The one thing on the menu that really jumped out was the crab benedict.  I admit I am a big fan of benedicts and I loved this one.  One of the best hollandaise sauces I've ever had, eggs perfectly cooked where the yolk is just oozing out.  All the flavors worked.  One complaint is that I thought they were a little stingy with the crab.The wife got the custard pancakes.  For some reason I thought that a custard pancake would be better than a regular pancake.  Wrong!  Tasted just like a regular pancake.  Not bad, but don't be fooled by the cool sounding name.
3	3.5 stars- good truffle mushroom pasta- wide fettucine, and black linguini pasta with popcorn shrimp was good. Little pricey, service was good, dark comfy environment.
3	Keep the order simple and you will be happy, if you get some of the more complex menu items they are not spiced properly or seasoned effectively. I ate here a couple times, and it's not great.The service is excellent, and the ambiance is also great... unfortunately the food is not up to par. I would probably give the food 2 stars, but I bumped it up due to the other positive elements.
4	Been here a few times.  Perfect location for guests at THEhotel.  I am a very picky eater and even managed to enjoy their simple eggs with hash browns, toast, and choice of bacon, sausage, etc.  Only thing is the service is a little bit slower then it should be.  I've never seen it crowded, yet to takes longer to wait to be seated and order then it actually takes for the food to arrive.  Definitely a tasty place to eat still.
4	Quite an improvement from the Raffles cafe located at Mandalay Bay.  Everyone was happy with their order here.  The food was quality and the service was efficient and friendly.  Of course, it's a little pricier than the 24-hour cafe, but it really shows in the atmosphere and quality of food and I'd still consider it fairly reasonable.I ordered chicken apple sausages with a medium poached egg and a side of hollandaise.  The sausage was flavorful without being heavy or greasy and the creamy, lemon-y hollandaise was a wonderful compliment to my perfectly poached egg.  I also had the house classic bloody mary which was as pretty as it was tasty with just the right amount of kick for the morning.  The atmosphere is upscale and elegant, with subdued lighting and classy, minimalist decor.  LOVE!
4	Looking for a different place to get some good food, my boyfriend and I decided to visit The Cafe. It is definitely a little pricier than a lot of breakfast places, but definitely worth it due to the quality of food. If you're looking for a rowdy fast food joint to have breakfast, this is definitely not for you. If you need a small break from the hustle and bustle of the strip to enjoy a delicious meal and good, strong coffee then I definitely think it's worth checking out. I ordered the flat iron steak with the eggs and onion parsley hash and I was so happy not only with it's flavor but also its portion.I was a little apprehensive about the service after reading many unhappy reviews, but I was pleasantly suprised that at least during my visit, the waitress was very nice to us and was available whenever we needed her (on May 16th).
4	very good and fast made food. located in THEhotel so not far to walk for a good breakfast or lunch. If you are a member of American Express card, you receive 80 points staying at THEhotel or Mandalay Bay and 100 points at a spa which can get you 1/2 of a massage.
2	The good: a short distance from the awesome waves-pool. Easy to stuff your face before settling in to lay out on a chair and listen to your skin sizzle and bake under the scorching Vegas sun.The bad: the food was fairly uninspired. Lil cuz and I shared lettuce cups filled with chicken and veggies. We're (I'm) watching what we eat but sheesh.... the portion was teeny weenie! :/ The chicken was fairly tasty, but nothing out of this world. The presentation was blah... didn't even feel inspired to take a pic. I had to endure dirty looks from lil cuz while we wolfed down the food... it worked out, cuz we worked up a good appetite for dinner, which was much better. :PNext time, I would definitely get something else and perhaps update this sad little review. :)
3	My then fiance and I were staying at Mandalay Bay in November 2010 and we had walked through theHotel earlier in our stay. I had purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate for theCafe before the trip and the menu looked good and the atmosphere quiet, so we treked over to theCafe to try it out.One of the best things about theHotel is that it smells so nice...like lavender (not old lady perfume like some places...AHEM...Monte Carlo). And the Cafe sits in an open walkway in the hallway between Mandalay and theHotel, so you get a little of that "Cafe" feel.Our server was nice but things were painfully slow. I did like that we got a whole pot of coffee to ourselves (and dear god we needed it). We both ordered the crab cake benedicts, which were good but kind of spicy. I think I only ate half of mine.Be ready to shell out for this meal though. Like other yelpers have mentioned, the meal is still expensive even with the $25 off from restaurant.com.Four stars for food, two for service, one for price. We'll average that out to 3.Small tip: the bathroom across from theCafe is a very decent place to head if you need to um, relieve yourself and find yourself far from your room. The bathroom walls and doors go all the way to the floor for extra privacy. The sinks are nice and there is a full length mirror in the ladies room. And it is CLEAN. We liked this bathroom so much we used it many times during our stay. When we saw The Lion King just steps from here I snuck over to that bathroom (and away from the crowds filtering into MB's casino). As a bonus, I got to see some of the actors from the show coming out a back door.
5	Some people may say its a pricey, but you are getting dishes here that you cannot find easily anywhere else. the Portuguese sausage and pastrami Hash was very good. If we stay anywhere near this side of the strip, this will be our breakfast destination.(Also would recommend The Henry at Cosmo and Tableu at the Wynn for breakfast if your not in proximity of the Mandalay Bay and The Hotel).
4	Good place for breakfast.  Coffee is very good, they give you a carafe and are happy to give you some to go for no extra charge.  The croquet madame is my recommendation, but there are many other excellent choices.  The smoked salmon platter is not east coast traditional, so you get capers and not enough fresh onions, but the quality is excellent.  If you are staying at TheHotel, the restaurant is very close to the room elevators.  Very convenient for early morning stumblers looking for morning wake up breakfast.  Pricey but much needed.  I go here every morning when I stay at TheHotel.  Not once did they recognize me as a return customer.  New Vegas...
4	Gorging, not gouging, is my preferred activity. So, after hearing other conference attendees bemoan overpriced meals at The Strip for mediocre victuals, I was determined not to become a Sin City victim. Yelp delivered, and so did TheCafe. I met a co-worker for breakfast, and I ordered the blue crab benedict (BLUE crab, not your Dungeness wannabe crustacean), while she ordered the smoked pork benedict.Presentation, superb. I asked for the sauce on the side, but since there were chunks of sumptuous crab flesh in there, that completely evaporated my good will. Perfectly runny eggs and crab sat on a perfectly toasted brioche -- the only drawback is that the brioche gets soggy quickly, so you have to eat a bit faster. My co-worker really enjoyed (and photographed) her breakfast. My benedict ran about $20, but for blue crab in the middle of a desert, that proved reasonable to me. Ambiance incidentally was very steel-gray-and-dark-wood modern. Warning: TheCafe is at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay, as opposed to the Mandalay Bay Hotel (yes, unnecessarily perplexing).
3	Nice clean food. good size food on plate, not massive. But sufficient. Oh my god the pot of coffee was huge. HUGE. I left the cafe after breakfast feeling very very happy or was that the large amount of caffeine I consumed. probably. Good not great but will i not walk all the way down the strip (from the Bellagio) just for the food again. Probably not !!!.
5	Great breakfast, and it's very convenient being in the THEhotel if you are staying there. I ate here when THEhotel first opened, it was great then and seems to have maintained its consistency even many years later. I had the french toast which was a lot of food, my mom had just the fruit and some toast but everything really was quality ingredients. I will absolutely be back next time I stay at the THEhotel.
4	Try the blueberry pancakes
2	Food was good. Horrible service. Hostess was rude. Our waitress forgot about us and had to ask someone to get her to bring the check. Took about 30 minutes.
5	Great breakfast here, I've had it here a couple times and the service is always very prompt, the food is excellent, and the prices aren't too bad either. It's a great location from the rooms, about a 2 minute walk from your room to the restaurant. It's quiet, and you can people watch as they go by which is always a plus for me (since people in Vegas always keep me entertained haha). If your staying at THEhotel, it's a great place to have breakfast or a quick meal at, at least once!
2	Dined here on the way out of Vegas after a weekend stay. Thoroughly disappointing meal. The food was ok, service poor, and the prices averge (for Vegas Strip Hotels). My wife ordered the Blue Crab Benedict with the sauce on the side (to make it healthier), unfortunately all of the crab (and there wasn't much) was in the heavy and flavorless sauce. I ordered the two eggs with chicken apple sausage. The wrong sausage and toast came out first. We also split the parsley and onion hash which came out as a chorizo hash instead.All of this wrong food was after a long wait and the waiter came back a couple of times to go over what we ordered. The food was decent, but one was a bit cold after the wait.All in all not a great end to an otherwise terrific stay at Mandalay Bay.
5	Great service and delicious food! We enjoyed breakfast both mornings during our stay at the Mandalay Bay. Paul was our waiter on the first morning and the service that he offered us was superb! In fact, we  enjoyed him so much that we requested to be seated in his section during our second dining experience on the following morning. Any and all requests were always taken with a smile. On the first morning, I enjoyed the Two-Egg breakfast with Bacon and a side of custard Pancakes. Absolutely delicious! Seriously, the pancakes are melt-in-your-mouth heavenly! The following morning, I chose the Rib-Eye and Eggs with a side of custard Pancakes. Yet, another winner!! The meat was juicy and tender as if it were prepared in a steak house. So, if you're looking for a delicious meal and dynamite service then The Cafe at theHotel is the best place to visit!
4	I had brunch here. It was kinda dead but the food came alive in my mouth.That was lame, sorry.Anyway, started off with the chicken tortilla soup. It was a special, it was decent. Then I had the blue crab benedict. I really enjoyed it. The fresh spinach and fresh roasted tomato were a nice touch, and the sauce was good.
4	While visiting Mandalay bay We decided to eat here based on the yelp reviews.  Many tables were empty and yet the wait was about twenty minutes. After discussing the issue we came to the conclusion that the initial delay was better than a lackluster waiter service due to a reduced staff possibly because it was a breakfast service.  We weren't disappointed although the service wasn't that memorable it was prompt. The ambiance was nice and the seating was comfortable. I can see why some people may have a problem with the hotel traffic walking by but i didn't find it to be invasive or bothersome and the restaurant location is in a relatively quiet area of the hotel. Having to leave the restaurant and walk down the hall for the restroom was a little weird but not a big deal. My girlfriend had the the white chocolate raspberry French Toast brioche. While it was tasty, the syrup arrived warm but after a few minutes became a sticky and stringy mess which made it difficult to eat without getting a syrup laden chin which was less than favorable to her but gave me the opportunity to dig in after she gave up on it , lol. I had the blue crab eggs benedict with spinach, roasted tomatoes and brie on brioche served with a champagne sauce. The crab was fresh and the dish was full of flavor. The sauce brought it all together and the brioche on the bottom was a perfect choice as it did not become soggy. I enjoyed every bite. Overall we were satisfied, just make sure to stay away from the syrup if possible. If half star ratings were available i would say 3.5 because she could not enjoy her breakfast but we will be generous and round up instead.
5	Rib eye and fries, yum! Great, quiet breakfast with great service.
4	The first impression was nice as far as the atmosphere and the look of the place.This was Mother's Day May 2013. We got there and the host stand was empty. We stood there for roughly 5 minutes before someone came back. They were "all" apparently working on setting up tables for a group of 9. Once that impatient group was sat our names were taken and then we were quickly seated. There is no seating for those who are waiting to be seated, so if the line gets long you will be in the walk way.Drink orders were taken. While we were placing my order I asked if the chicken sausage had a pork casing and the waitress told me, " No! It's all chicken!" I asked her to confirm before I placed my order as I know most chicken sausages have pork casings unless they are the organic, gluten free kind. She came back and confirmed that I was correct it does have a pork casing. I ordered the White Chocolate Macadamia Raspberry French Toast with the Caramelized Onion Hash browns,  and Grapefruit Juice to drink.Grapefruit juice was good. They seem to have watered it down so that it doesn't have the strong, overpowering taste. If you like grapefruit juice you'll like this one for sure.The French toast was good. The raspberry were nothing more than four of them around the plate and one in the center.  Other than that they were big fluffy pieces of toasts and the flavor was very good. You will enjoy them for sure. The hash browns were no different here than any other place you can order them. I didn't even notice or taste the onions in them. Our glasses set empty for a bit but we were so full from the meal that it was quite OK.  I was very pleased with the experience and will go back again for sure if I stay at The Hotel.Thanks for reading.
4	Had breakfast here the last two mornings and both meals were very good. First day I got the Florentine benedict and it had great flavors. I really liked the red pepper sauce and the hash browns were yummy. They had some extra herbage in them- but I couldn't quite pick it out. Hubby had the yogurt granola that was really good. The yogurt had lemon in it and the granola was super high quality. This morning I had the special which was a cheddar biscuit sliders with egg and sausage. I could only finish one and hubs had clean up duty. He was not upset by this.
5	Giving 5 stars based on the burger I had. One of if not the best burger I ever had in my life. Medium Rare, the beef was so juicy and delicate, melts in your mouth.
3	Been here probably 10 times and typically it's pretty good.  Never great but never bad.  The server I had this morning was a nice guy but brought the food out all at the same time.  I ordered a bowl a berries, eggs w/ ham hashbrowns and English muffin, and coffee.  Basically received everything at the same time.  Most other servers give you the coffee, then the fruit, then food.  I got the coffee and quickly after everything else.  I know it's not the end of the world but it's common sense.  For what you pay for breakfast here it should be pretty right on.  What, maybe 45 bucks for one person.  The food is good, particularly the ham.  It's convenient and a nice place but it is a typical hotel restaurant.
3	Great food - but the host is keeping a line waiting for seats in a half empty restaurant ?  Really ?
2	Custard pancake was delicious, fluffy with a sweet custard taste. 2 stars for sloooooow service and a very forgetful waiter. Pricey for the overall experience.
4	I love this place! It's quiet and understated. The service is always great. The food for breakfast / brunch is top notch. One of the best in the Mandalay Bay, in my humbled opinion. The eggs Benedict is one of my favorite! Off the beaten path, and not for the budget conscious tourists...
5	Loved this place! Our group of 10 wanted to eat breakfast but all the Buffets stopped serving at 11:00. This is Vegas why must there be a time limit on Breakfast!! So we went here. AMAZING! I had the chicken and Waffles, others had the rancheros, raspberry waffles, custard pancakes.. Nobody was disappointed. Service was great. Kawin (our server) was great.
5	Came here and got a "healthy" breakfast omelette and was blown away at how delicious it was. The flavors were spectacular. I didn't know it came with hash browns and asked the server after it came out if it was possible to switch out for fruit. She was a sweet heart and let me switch it (no charge) and let my friends eat the hash browns since otherwise they'd get tossed. Great food (zero complaints from my friends). Great service. I was very happy (and I was initially very hesitant as it looks a little too posh for a breakfast place and the guests tended to be a bit on the older side).
5	I love everything about this resturant, location, food, ambiance, the people, and did I mention the food? Yes, the service is a little slow, but the slow service doesn't defer from the mouthwatering food being served here. I ordered the Thai steak salad and it was orgasmic, I asked for a different dressing because the original dressing was a little fishy, but my waiter, Paul,  suggested something different ( the name escapes me) but it was outstanding. The flavones were sweet and spicy in the best way possible. If Chef Jay still has this on the menu you must try it, the chicken and waffles are to die for. My sister ordered it the first day, but the next time we went, I ordered it, as did my sister, again! The chicken was nicely seasoned and and again, was the perfect combo of sweet and spicy. Chef Jay, you're a genius. Everybody that I spoke to, said it was the best chicken and waffles they ever had! Oh god, just thinking about it is making my mouth water and my stomach grumble. So if you're in vegas and reading this, go in there, sit down and order so,e chicken and waffles. You will not be sorry.
5	Love it there! The staff is nice. I came for my bday with my friends.The mimosas are the best. We had the brioche French toast with eggs, shrimp and grits, and an egg white omelet. They were awesome! The flavoring was just right. The hostess was willing to take our photo. You don't usually get that everywhere! I will definitely come back. For 3 of us it was $71.
5	This place is amazing and consistent. We came back a second time and concluded that anything on their menu is amazing. Their food is meticulously crafted and the service was great. The carne asada huevos rancheros are a must! I also tried their Portuguese sausage hash and it was perfectly cooked, moist, and perfectly seasoned. The only reason we're not coming back is because we're going home!
4	My friend and i were on the prowl for a tasty breakfast restaurant that didn't look and feel like a cafeteria, and we were very happy with THECafe. It is a nice sit-down restaurant with friendly service and delicious food. We each enjoyed a breakfast cocktail, and my friend enjoyed an omelette with toast while I ordered a bagel, bacon, and hashbrowns. It was all perfectly cooked, not greasy, and was the perfect fuel for a day of exploring Las Vegas. I will definitely be back on my next visit.
4	All the menu choices seemed so incredible, I had a hard time deciding what to have for brunch. I was torn between the blue crab benedict and the pancakes. I decided to go for the tried and true, chicken and waffles, because I like to have both a sweet and salty element to my meals. The chicken was cooked so perfectly. Even though it was just chicken breast, it was still so moist and juicy. The crust was crunchy and not oily at all. The waffles  were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, exactly what waffles should be. I thought the dish was very well done. The only thing is that they bring it to you with the maple syrup already poured over it, which I would have preferred to do myself but it was no big deal. My boyfriend's steak and eggs were also very good. Steak is dry aged, and cooked exactly how he liked it.
2	Our service was terrible here. It took a very long for our order to be taken and even longer for it to finally be served and it wasn't terribly busy. When we asked our server to split the bill she gave us attitude saying "well I don't know who had what". So she did not split it like we asked. The food was not bad but I couldn't look past the poor service.
4	Very good selection of eggs benedict, and all of them that we have tried have been good.  It's a little spendy, but hey, you're in a pricey resort.
5	Enjoying some bonus dining credits from THEhotel!  The coffee, lobster scramble, and blue crab benedict were delicious!  Our waiter, Jason, was really nice and attentive.  If you are typically wary of ordering coffee with breakfast, fearing a bitter cup, you should feel free to order the coffee here. It was brewed to perfection - better than most coffee shops offer - and you get your own mini coffee pot (which was adorable) for refills. I highly recommend this place for breakfast!
4	Not five stars because of the spotty service. The food, however, was delicious, albeit a little on the pricey side. I went to THEcafe with my mom and brother for breakfast, and we had to greet the hosts (it should be the other way around) and ask to be seated. I don't know if it's the atmosphere at THEhotel, where we stayed, that made this place kind of TOO quiet for my taste. The service was adequate, but the food was tasty. My mom ordered an omelette, my brother the steak and eggs, and I got the chicken and waffles. One cool thing about this place is that you can order off the whole menu during breakfast time.My brother's steak and eggs looked really good. Three eggs cooked to order, a nice-sized steak, hash browns, and some toast. I'll get that the next time I'm eating there, if I eat there next time. My mom liked her omelette, though they should let you pick more than 3 ingredients. It did come with toast and hash browns. My chicken and waffles were good. I got 2 waffles and one piece of boneless fried chicken. My waffles were pre-syruped. I'd visit again, especially to try out some of the other menu items. Hopefully this place stays open when the Delano rolls into town.
4	Here's a great tip - the cafe is right by the valet - so you can get in and out quickly if you are just going for a meal. I had the Thai steak salad - it's really great. The steak is perfectly cooked. I of wish that there was more of the papaya, onions  and cucumbers - they were quite refreshing.Service was fine she seemed tired of out of it. So it goes sometimes! The space is really nice, calm, quiet. If you need a place to have a good business lunch - this is it!
3	Dim and dark place, I like it. I went in the daytime with a group of friends. It looked romantic from the outside view.Inside is very quiet, very comfortable seats.I ordered a chicken burger and pasta salad. Pretty good, healthy and fufilling. My friends all got steak& eggs and liked their plate.Just one CON, the waitress took one of my guyfriend's payment by credit card and instead of $30, she charged $300 and we were all laughing at him, but he was angry. I would be too lol. They said it would be omitted in the billing. I hope so.I would come back just for the dim lighting, comfy seats, and food.
1	I signed up just to make sure this place was understood how bad of an experience it was. My party of 8 came here after it was highly recommended on yelp. After sitting it took over 10 minutes for the server to come and recommend food to us and take our order. 50 minutes later the food came out. Everyone's food was completely cold. The blue crab Benedict was horrible. My girlfriend ordered the lobster panini with fruit. She got a panini that literally ha the cheese harden from being outside too long, and instead of the fruit they served her fries. Rather than having the server address the issue with the food taking so long, he avoided the table. My water wasn't refilled until the check came and I complained about the service. No plans to come here again, or the hotel for that matter.
