3	I really like the Aloft concept (W-lite), and my first impressions of this hotel were pretty good.  After a sort of dismal elevator ride up to the lobby from the street, we found a very communal, modern vibe around the check-in desk, including a pool table, long tables for computer work, a serve-yourself food area, and a fun little bar.  I thought the room was cool, and huge, and the opaque glass separating the room from the shower reminded me of the Standard in L.A.  And Bliss products in the bathroom?  Yippee!After a few amazing cocktails in the bar (the chipotle-pineapple tequila margarita is so wonderful!) I saw some not-so-good sides to the place.  Room service, which is actually food from the attached restaurant, was a big FAIL because no one picked up even after I tried calling four seperate times.  Our in-room clocks hadn't been changed since daylight savings the week before.  I worked in my room for a few hours during the day, and a small dog barked incessantly for most of those three hours.  A call to the lobby netted me an offer to change rooms, but nothing else.My boss got back to his room the next day and found his room wasn't serviced.  They moved him to a different room (I guess this is the default response to a service complaint?), where -- surprise! -- there were no pillows.  (A hotel employee told us in confidence that she thinks the hotel is trying to help the community by hiring mentally disabled people, and that a lot of guests have had maid service complaints.  Interesting.)All in all, I understand this is a new-ish hotel and they have some kinks to work out.  And I did appreciate my bonus courtesy Starwood points in response to our issues.  But for now, I just feel like the management needs to step up to get this hotel to Starwood caliber.
3	What a beautiful, trendy, designed space!  We were lucky enough to have one of our friends with too many hotel points for his own good to reserve us a place for the weekend, so that we didn't have to sleep on the floor or a leaky air mattress.The beds and linens were so comfortable!  The window shades were super cool and much appreciated compared to the hotel curtains that waste fabric and collect dust.  The light fixtures in the hall, covered with the cool striped fabric definitely softened the fluorescent lights without making the hallways creepily dim.Getting to the hotel is somewhat a pain.  There's no street/deck parking - only valet.  Also, you have to ride the elevator to the 5th floor, and during that short ride, you'll be crammed in with others who are headed to the many restaurants, clubs, and the theater at Epicenter.  As a reward for the cramped elevator, there's a great view and a relaxing water art feature to greet you on the 5th floor, prelude to the hip and casual lounge that is the lobby.However beautiful and designed this space was, I was surprised by the amazing inattention to small, yet highly relevant, details.  They had dispensers in the shower for the shampoo and body wash, which were all Bliss brand and rather nice for hotel toiletries, but then they had cheap toilet paper.   The lobby bar was aesthetically pleasing but the oversized chairs weren't that comfortable, and there weren't a whole lot of places to set your drink.Sadly, the service did not match the hip atmosphere.  Or maybe it did in the sense of it was cool and sleek, pretty to look at, but not very inviting.  We checked in at 11:30 on a Friday night, and there was only one person working the front desk.  He was somewhat flustered by the herd of people gathered around the desk.  He was getting no help from his coworkers, who seemed more interested in their duties than in the service of the guests.  The bartender was not much better.  She was annoyed that we asked for drink menus, then annoyed when we asked for the mojito, since they were out of mint, which she informed us with a smirk as she walked away to serve another customer (no, they were not that busy), only to return a few minutes later to finally take our order.  There were two additional waitresses/hostesses at the end of the bar with very unpleasant looks on their faces.  So sorry to disturb you all!In short - get a taxi to drop you off at the front and head straight to your comfy room to take in the view!
4	This is a very Ikea-type place, but in the best possible way.First off, no floral patterns or nasty ruffled bed covers anywhere!  The property opened in early 2009 so everything is new, clean, and does not have any peculiar smells like most hotels do.  The rooms are spacious with comfy beds, flat screen TVs and glass shower stalls. The toiletries are from the same Bliss collection as you would find at higher priced parent chain. Another shocker -- the bottle of water in the room is complimentary!!!  It's the small things that count; I am unfortunately used for that little bottle to be $5.  Also, free wired and wireless internet throughout the property, a 24/7 gym, a (tiny) pool, a bar, and a little snack area. Minimalistic modern design, funky music, and trippy floor panels in the elevators. The hotel is located right in the Epicenter so you're within crawling distance of all the hopping clubs and restaurants as well as the office buildings where you need to drag your sorry a$$ in the morning. Finally, the nightly rate is about $40-$50 cheaper than any other property in the surrounding few blocks.The reason I took off one star is the loud beast of an A/C system in the room that is hard to tame (there's digital control for the unit but it's pretty finicky).  But a little birdy told me that they're going to replace all air conditioning units due to high number of complains.Bottom line: this girl will be back -- I stayed in other hotels in the area and this one, though not perfect, is the best for my taste and a bargain too!
4	This is not a full-service hotel.  But it is wonderful hotel nonetheless.  It has a youthful vibe in the center of town.  It is right across the street from more staid Omni and across the street from the soon-to-be Ritz Carlton.There are many restaurants around so room service is quite unnecessary - and REALLY does anyone really even enjoy room service?It has a very modern vibe.  No stuffy bellman or concierge (plus or minus?).  The rooms are very spare and modern.  flat panel tv on the wall.  Cool magazines in the room (Dwell, Spin, Conde Nast Traveler, Wired)!!  And Bliss shower/bath amenities.  Free wi-fi in the room as well.  For me, as long as there is free wi-fi in a nice designed room, I am good.  The swimming pool is an oversized lap pool.  Nothing extraordinary, but it has glass windows along one size, so the view at night is beautiful.The one negative: the hotel is located on the 5th floor of the Epicenter, and there are only 2 elevators which are for whatever reason very slow.
3	The good: Clean, modern design.  Very comfortable beds.  Large flat-panel TVs in every room.  Free WiFi.  Reasonably priced.  Bliss bath and body products (shampoo, body wash, face wash, soap, and lotion) in the bathrooms.  Excellent magazine selection in the guest rooms: Dwell, Wired, Paste. The bad: Slightly pretentious atmosphere.  Indifferent, amateurish staff.  The food in the upscale-seeming w xyz Bar was served in to-go containers and was just a hair above McDonald's quality.  (Eat at Five Guys on the second floor of the EpiCentre.)  The light switches in the guest rooms illuminate the entire space (bathroom and bedroom), so if your roommate is sleeping you'll need to pee in the dark or risk a rude awakening.The ugly:  Only one (of four) elevators were working.  Very noisy.  The walls must be made of parchment.  I was sleeping like a baby on the comfy bed until a  hotel guest having a conversation in the hallway woke me.  The unacceptable parking situation: $20 daily for valet (the "bargain"), or $10 every time you enter and exit the EpiCentre garage.  This information should be communicated to guests upon booking.    This hotel has potential, but there are tons of kinks to be worked out.  I might give it another shot because of its excellent location and good value.
3	Pretty hip and cool hotel.  When we stayed here it was pretty much empty (It was Thanksgiving week so that was cool).  Rooms are definitely modern-looking with flat panel TV's.   Didn't use the free Wifi service but that's a nice touch.My wife and I enjoyed the drinks at the Wxyz bar and had fun playing pool.   The decor of the bar area is nice.Negatives:    The temperature in the room was set at 65 which was a little too warm for a Charlotte night.   We couldn't lower the temperature at all...tried calling the front desk but they couldn't figure it out either and said a maintenance person would be in at 8am the next day.   This didn't do us any good since we were only staying for one night.  They offered to move us to a different room...but that was just too much of a hassle.Parking is $20 a night even if you park your car yourself, and they do NOT offer any type of discount for parking.   Seems strange when some of the restaurants in the same center will validate your parking, but the hotel won't.Overall, a good stay.
4	Aloft gets my business when I am in Charlotte.The downsides (noisy A/C unit, expensive parking) are ameliorated by the upsides: good location, interesting decor, comfy bar, and big flat screen TV that I can plug in to my computer.Just be sure to bring a cable!A place gets a bonus star for giving free bottled water to non-premier members.Also, internet is free and wireless works in room - you hear that Marriott and your ridiculous $13/day wired-only internet???But for $78 a night, I'd take this over a shitty Hampton Inn any day!
4	I enjoy staying @ aloft in Uptown Charlotte, NC.  Great city view rooms and pool table in the lobby.  You also can't beat Flemmings downstairs..
4	funky place.  i wonder if i should knock it down a star for screwing us over on the first night.  in town in charlotte for business, we get in around 10:30pm from our flight from Minneapolis.  and they tell us they "over-sold" the place.  what?  i've heard of an airline over-selling because if you don't show up to your flight then you get a refund and the airline loses the money for the seat but if you don't show to your hotel room, then they keep the cash so i don't understand the concept of selling more rooms than you have.  i suppose that would mean they expect some people to default and then they'd pocket the extra cash even though they are 'full'... i guess that's their plan but as they found out, when you're going to forfeit your cash upon a no-show, you tend to SHOW.  anyway, they are explaining to us the bad news and my work colleague is grilling them on how this could possibly happen when i remind them that, well, it doesn't matter how it happened, we still have a meeting at 8am the next morning and just get us a darn room.  they give us a low-end holiday inn room down the street - but they did comp it.  so we returned to the aloft the next night.  and it was much nicer.  the room design was pretty cool.  the lobby area had the perk of the free pool table, the little snack shop, a couple computers to use, nice bar area.  not nearly as cool at the W in San Francisco or L.A.  but the aloft is a decent spot.  not a 5 star place but does a pretty adequate job for a 4 star hotel.  maybe 3.75 stars.  and they are lucky i don't knock them down a star for that mess up on the first night.
4	I really liked the Aloft Charlotte Uptown.  I spent 12 years in Charlotte before moving to Chicago, and this was my first stay in the Queen City for a business trip.  Ok, so it wasn't my own condo uptown, but close.  Here's what I liked.....   The price was right.  $139 a night, which was much less expensive than any other hotel Uptown.  I also loved the modern decor of the hotel.  It was definitely hip and modern.  If you are a freak for furniture above and beyond a bed and  desk, this place may not be for you.  There are no dressers.  I like that.  It was more like my own personal loft.  I was on teh 12th floor, and the skyline views were pretty amazing.  This hotel is in the Epicenter entertainment complex, so getting food, drink, bowling or a movie is just a few steps from the elevator.There wasn't much that I didn't like.  I scored parking for $10, however the normal rate is $20.  (Bar patrons only pay $10...weird that the hotel would charge more?)  I did get the feel that the front desk staff was somewhat amateurish.  Also, I can't put my finger on it, but the lobby area somehow felt unfinished, like they were trying to cram too much into too small of a space.  No big deal.All in all, I'm looking forward to staying at the Uptown Charlotte Aloft next time I'm in Charlotte.  What a good find!
3	I hadn't heard of aloft or that they were affiliated with W hotels. I got "stuck" here because everything else near my meeting was fully booked. But I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. It's very contemporary, but it has a little bit of a vintage vibe. The best analogy I can think of is Bauhaus architecture. It used to be contemporary but is now somewhat retro. Very nice, polished lobby with a nice pool table and bar. The room was nice. Bed was comfortable. Open, loft feel to the room with lots of recessed lighting. Bathroom was brand new and with a very stylish sink/faucet. The shower was a stand up, glass encased stall with frosted glass to the bedroom that allowed a lot of ambient light. Great big wall mounted TV in front of the bed.I'd stay here again, but there were definitely two bummers about the room. 1) Despite the fact that it was a rain-style shower head, the water pressure was crap. Didn't feel like I got a good shower. 2) The bedroom had two giant glass windows but the only window treatments were thick pull down blinds. I much prefer shears so I can get privacy but allow ambient light. My room faced another building so I had to shut the blinds (or give the neighbors a show which believe me they wouldn't appreciate).
3	The location can't be beat... but the hotel itself is kind of a dump.  The rooms are small with no desk or couch.  There isn't enough closet space.  Parking is reasonable. $20/day for valet
4	If I had spent the regular $179/nt on this place I may have been dissapointed but for $50 on price line I can over look a few things.  The sheets had a make up stainon them but were in a spot that didnt bother us too much.  Room are good sized and have a open feeling.  Nice weight room and pool.  I avoided the $20 valet by parking on the street.  It was a Sunday so it was free!  Athough I think we got pretty lucky to find a spot within a block of the hotel.  Lots of good resturants and entertainment close by and good views of the city as the lowest rooms are still 6 floors up.  Overall a good stay in Charlotte!
4	Some tips on the Aloft.....1. Aloft is pronounced like "Aloha" (hence their slogan Aloha at the Aloft), NOT like, "A-loha at the Ale-Loft". Just because the A is capitalized, doesn't mean you pronounce it like the letter. Ugh, pet peeve.2. The employees are all extremely friendly, even the ones who bring up water.3. They don't have room service, but some places in the Epicenter deliver to your room (and I think they're free). Check out 5 guys.4. Their AC is powerful (more powerful than the one at the Westin), and definitely louder too. You'll love it in the summer, I wore a sweatshirt to bed one time.5. Wednesdays are happening, there are clubs and restaurants galore. They get rowdy, I blame it on the 18+ clubs - I know because I can hear them from my room. Good thing I sleep like a log.6. They serve a basic continental breakfast, but it doesn't come with your room. But there are plenty of options downstairs like Brueggers, Smoothie King, and Jason's Deli.7. The TV is sweet, the HD looks amazing. And the other great amenity is their complimentary bliss products.8. The gym is tiny (like 2 treadmills, 2 elipticals, weights), and they have a pool that most people forget about because it is on the lobby floor.9. Their bar is cool and they have a pool table! A nice place to hang out.10. Valet and self-serve parking are both $20, valet allows in and outs. They charge parking to your room. Make sure you request your car 15 min early because sometimes they're really slow.
4	Hotels are by their very nature expository; seldom the reason for a trip itself, they are, nevertheless, ideally a respite from the strange or even exciting city beyond...pacesetters, if you will, a launching pad into the night or at the beginning of each day. They set the stage for your visit.In that sense, the job of the hotel takes on an increasingly important lustre, becomes quite possibly a prism through which you find yourself fired up or the alternative before the second act of your time begins. The aLoft hotel, intended to serve as sort of a W lite, has a number of things going for it, and oddly enough, as I had just checked out of a W hotel two days earlier in another city, my stay here lent itself to some easy comparisons. First, I'll assume that most aLoft hotels and W hotels are fairly uniform in approach and layout -- clever, modern, perched in busy nooks in main traffic areas of their given burg, clean and open with lots of corresponding natural light filtering through the windows. This one featured easy parking in the city lot below (though the rates claimed $20 a day I mostly paid about $6 for the time my car had been there), and this one was another one of those hotels whose lobby, in peculiar fashion, wasn't on the ground floor. At least with an aLoft, perhaps that's norm de rigeur. You do miss some of the more luxurious touches you get at the W (this one doesn't come with a handy robe, for example), but in all the staff was upbeat and friendly, the room clean and comfortable and sleek, the atmosphere fun. I feel certain I'll be back again, when the adventure continues.
3	The good:The decor is cute, the bed is comfy, the price is lower than you would expect for the location and the location is AWESOME, right in the center of Downtown in the Epi-Centre. You can get delivery from Wild Wings, Jason's Deli and Some Italian place..  and there is a great little lobby bar and food area where you can make yourself Espressos and grab breakfast.  The VIEW is great! I was on the 10th floor and you could see all the action below. It is a very pretty city. It was a great place to get ready to go out to the clubs, sleep then get up and get ready to head to the office, I was central to everything I needed to get to and had I not been wearing high heels everyday could easily have walked to everything as well. The decor gets another mention because it is like being in a NYC loft, super modern, super cool, very sexy...The Bad:The lobby is on the 5th floor and the only way to get to it without making your way up the stairs (with your bags) is on the two VERY SLOW AND SMALL elevators that also service clubs and restaurants. When a conference lets out and you have tons of people trying to get to their rooms, you can wait for the elevator a good 20 minutes. It sucked when two times I was there ONE of the elevators was broken! If it had been more like 2 or 3 flights I would have made the hike, but 5? Meh.. The other down side is that the room has no minibar, no room service and the desk is way over to one side, so you cannot work and watch tv at the same time and it is shower only, no tub.The housekeeping was sub standard, I noticed that the first day I didn't have a face bar of soap and the second day one appeared. i always carry my own stuff, but those sort of inconsistencies always get noticed by me. I also noticed that they didn't put the hair dryer back where it was when they cleaned the room, they left it on the desk chair where I had set it in my rush out the door. I love when the room is back to PERFECT when you return after a hard day.. that is what makes a hotel a HOTEL...The Ugly:The only thing I can see that was REALLY bad and the reason this isn't getting more stars from me is that when I got in, I had to work, SHOCKER.. anyway, we were in the lobby area and the free wifi wouldn't let us in, it took three people and about 40 minutes to get us online, by which time my work partner had two glasses of wine and was useless! :( So we didn't get much work done that night as planned.
4	Marketing at it's best.  For Starwood, this is their attempt to attract 20 - 40's business travelers.   They are cookie cutter rooms wherever you go in the USA.  About ~300 Sq foot, with a King Bed and a large screen tv.  Free Wifi, free bottled water and "cool" younger staff at the front desk plus a hangout bar area.  The price was right and is a good value for all you Starwood members collecting points.   Keep in mind the concept, the design, etc is all designed for that demo of young professionals.  Don't expect anything more or less.  The location is great to walk to food or meetings.  As others mention the elevators to the 5th floor suck.  But otherwise great views of Charlotte and it will remind you of a being in a bad Woody Allen NYC movie.
1	I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!  Since when do hotels not offer hand soap in the bathroom?  (gross)  If you need soap to wash your hands, please open the shower door, step inside and use the the soap dispenser, step back out of the shower - walk to the sink and then wash your hands.  Seriously??  What no closet?  What is that bar thingy protruding from the wall with 5 hangers on it? Ohhhh - that's the closet. Yeah - I don't think that is working for me.  It just gets worse from here.  A three day stay = three fire alarms requiring evacuating the hotel including one time at 4:40am.  Did you know that it is even humid at 4:40am on the streets of downtown Charlotte??   I forgot to ask housekeeping how much starch they put on the bed sheets - they have pointy edges and are so uncomfortable. This is a "Bring your own pillow " hotel because what they provide is rock hard - just like the mattress.  Oh yes - ALOHA - is this Hawaii?? No, this is Charlotte and they say ALOHA to you ever time you pass the front desk.  Can you say ALOHA with a southern accent?  STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.
3	I'm actually writing this review from my room at the Aloft.  Bottom line: This place is an upscale youth hostel.  Definitely not your traditional hotel and a far cry from it's big sister the Westin.I'm staying here while attending a conference in Charlotte.  First of all, finding the actual hotel while driving is near impossible.  As a matter of fact, I pulled over to call the hotel and just happened to pull in front of the Valet.  The entrance to the hotel is set back in a corner of the Epicentre, with discreet Aloft signs over the door.  When you go through those doors,  you only see the entrance to Fleming's Steakhouse and 2 elevators.  A very small glass sign says the lobby is on the 5th floor.  Once you get to the 5th floor, the smell attacks you.  A very strong, citrus/lemongrass scent that is everywhere in the lobby.  There is also the eclectic techno music, which is played in the lobby and in the elevators.  At check-in, I was told that the WXYZ Bar located in the lobby was voted the Best Bar in Charlotte by serveral magazines.  Well, Charlotte, I sure hope they're wrong, because I haven't seen a single person at that bar the past 2 nights.  Then there is the room.  Mine is a single with a King bed.  The bed is comfortable and there is a large flat-screen TV.  The bathroom has a shower but no tub, and the shower has a frosted glass window that you can see from the bedroom (good thing I wasn't sharing a room!)  Then there was the oddest thing about the Alfot: They provide Bliss designer spa products in the shower and even a little tube of Bliss lotion, but they do not provide any hand soap!  What's even stranger is they actually provide a soap dish, as though they expect guests to supply their own bar soap!  I ended up using the Dove body wash I brought with me as hand soap.Lastly, there is the noise.  Unfortunately, my room faces the Epicentre, and even now I can hear music outside.  The air conditioner is also very loud when it clicks on and off at night.  The good points about this place are definitely about the location, which is walking distance to many restaurants and bars, and the little "convenience store" in the lobby, where you can grab anything you want 24 hours a day and just charge it to your room.    Overall, this place is a great value for the price, but I would not recommend it for business travel.
4	The three most important things in real estate? Location, location, location.It's the same when choosing a hotel, whether for business or pleasure. It's no surprise then, that situated in a part of Charlotte called "The EpiCentre", that aLoft is truly in a phenomenal location.There are no shortage of restaurants to eat at and diversions to be had near aLoft.* Jason's Deli -- the healthiest restaurant I have found in Charlotte, with the possible exception of Pita Pit.* Firehouse Subs -- Subs bigger than your head.* Mez -- Great lounge and upscale restaurant* Enso -- Sushi and Bar* Blackfinn -- American Bar and Burger Joint* Strikecity -- Pizza and Bowling* Mortimer's -- American Pub* Whiskey River -- THE place to be on Tuesday Nights if you're in your 20s.* Suite -- THE place to be on Wednesday Nights if you're in your 20s.* Howl at the Moon -- Great dueling piano bar that is always bumping on Thursdays Nights.* Kazba -- Great upscale bar with live music on most Thursdays and Fridays.And after you're done shmoozing and boozing, aLoft is less than a block away.As for the interior of the place, it's great. The front desk area boasts a communal pool table to hang out and play on. There's a lounge area which opens up to the wxyz bar, The BEST Hotel Bar in Charlotte. There's a swimming pool, a laundry room on every floor, and a hotel gym: complete with full rack of weights, benches, ab balls and cardio machines.Rooms are spacious, and all have plasma TVs installed on the walls, mini fridge, and safe, with free Internet for all hotel guests (Which is more than can be said about their Sister Hotel a few blocks away, the Westin, which asks for $14.99 for a day of Internet Access. Pfft, it's 2010, people: get your heads out of your butts -- wifi should be free.)Staff are extremely friendly and accomadating, and the price simply can't be beat.Just a few minor knitpicks --* No Ice machines on every floor -- you have to head to the front desk to pick up Ice.* The only way to get to the hotel is via elevator, which are notoriously slow. On those horrid days when one of the elevators are busted, expect as long as a 2-3 minute wait before you can take the elevator up to aLoft.All in all, I love aLoft. It's a solid hotel, with friendly staff, great gym facilities, and the location and price point are perfect. I would highly recommend aLoft to anyone visiting Charlotte.
3	The goods: The location is key, right in the Epicentre so you have access to all the amenities of the EpiCentre.The Okays: The decor is very trendy so if you are looking for a place to stay with the kids...may not be the place for you.The bads: If you are going to be going to be driving in and out via your own car it maybe a little troublesome. There is a parking deck at the bottom so it isn't that big a deal.
1	It actually pains me to write this review, because i want to like the place so much... cool decor, good bar scene, good location... BUT - i would never ever stay there again!!when my coworker and i checked in, we were told that we were lucky to be on a high floor (11 and 12, respectively) because a certain club in the area got loud at night... now, being in town from new york, i figured it was nothing i wasn't used to.  WRONG - i have no idea what kind of steroids said club was on, but holy hell... the windows on my 11th floor room were practically vibrating until 2AM!! no joke!! i couldn't sleep a godddamn wink until after 2am... and it was a wednesday!!! even the nyquil i took in defense failed to overcome the beats.  long story short... there's a reason it's so cheap to stay here.  if you want to sleep at all before 2am, look elsewhere.  sorry aloft... otherwise, you're adorable.
2	Great location but watch out for rooms facing the clubs. Unless you are going to be in the bar all night long, you will hate the rooms facing them. Imagine being in bed (alone) in your room and the bed is rocking from full effects of the bass.
3	We scored an amazing deal to this hotel and were happy with what we got. It's hyper-super modern on the inside and with the amenities they offer.Yes, yes, yes, the elevators here are insanely slow but who really cares. You shouldn'tThe rooms are furnished nicely, in a, I want to shop at Kartell, but I only have an Ikea budget. It looks great, but the quality isn't totally there.A few things you need to know. It's loud here because the walls/doors are thing, but also because the hotel is in Epicentre and people stay here to party there and crash for the night. If you're annoyed by young people fistpumping your door at 2am, you might want to look elsewhere.The proximity to epicentre was one of the reasons we loved this place. Lots of fun bars and restaurants next door, but you can walk to even better places in uptown just a few blocks away.I'd say this hotel is worth it if you want to be in the middle of the action. Check Hotwire because they're on there a bunch. I think we paid around $60-70 per night!
4	A very trendy and chic hotel. The room has a nice touch offering free wireless Internet and there is a neat lounge seating area with a bar and pool table by the lobby just to chill and have a drink. Hotel is right in the middle of everything that is happening in the Queen City. I was gonna give it 3 stars but what took it to 4 was what transpired next.I arrived at the hotel around 11am but the check-in time they told me was at 3pm and it didn't appear I was gonna be able to check-in early. So after a few moments, the receptionist asked for my ID and for some odd reason once they knew I was from Las Vegas, they said it was perfectly fine to check-in right then and there and upgraded me to a higher floor with better views without me even asking. Whoa how cool was that? The service was top notch and the location even better.
5	Great staff, very clean and excellent atmospher.  Hotel is built into a new entertainment complex with lots of restaraurnts and entertainment right there.  I travel a lot for work and this hotel is my favorite.
3	I recently patronized the WXYZ Lounge at the Aloft in Uptown with some friends. The lounge itself is set up nicely with bright colors and very chic modern decor. This lounge would very good for an after dinner date spot to speak more intimately and chill. There are  few caveats. The drinks seemed a bit overpriced averaging $9 and they seemed watered down to me. The average price for the drinks in my opinion should not have exceeded $7. The bar staff is friendly and the view from the lounge into downtown Charlotte is excellent.
3	Definitely unique - great location downtown.  Bar is ok - they have a pool table, which is nice.  Rooms are fine/clean, decent views if you're high up, the beds are firm and a bit springy - I liked them but some of my colleagues didn't.  Shower was nice, gym is ok - clean.
4	The aloft has been my home for the past 2 weeks and I have to say my stay here was great.  It's not the fanciest hotel you've ever been to, but its incredibly clean, the staff is awesome (very helpful and I thank you for that) and the location is perfect if you want to be in uptown Charlotte.  The noise factor is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  It didn't ever bother me, but I could see if someone didn't want to be in a "party zone" for a long time.  If you do want to be in a fun environment and never have to think of transportation this is definitely the place to be.  There are always events in the bar downstairs and the Epicenter is a elevator ride away.  Next time I'm in Charlotte, I'm definitely staying here again.  Thanks ya'll!
4	I booked a room here after my sister expressed that she'd like to spend part of her bachelorette night out here, because of it's location and personality. It's definitely geared towards a younger crowd, which is a nice change from stuffy/outdated furnishings and ambience. The lobby also had a cool snackbar area, and a sweet looking bar. We started off our evening here with cocktails and chit chat in the room before heading out. Side note: though none of us actually used the shower during our 12-or-so hour stay, I did notice it had a kind of rank, locker room smell to it. My four star review does not include the 6am fire drill that we endured, stumbling down the stairs from the 9th floor was not a great way to end the night/start the day, but I figure this was a fluke. I'd definitely look for another aloft in a different city next time I travel.
2	Washing machine is broken and no laundromat in the area. The price doesn't reflect the barebones size and amenities. The room reminds me of an upmarket dorm room. The lobby features loud pop music. This is a noisy area designed to attract 20-somethings (as is the hotel itself). Not easy to find. There was street work going on so I had to use earplugs for the first time ever. Parking is oddly expensive. There are way too many cutesy messages on the cups, etc. My cell phone keeps cutting out, so don't plan big phone conferences in the building. For some reason, this place is rubbing me the wrong way. When we arrived to check in, we were told they were sold out of rooms so we'd have to stay across the street at the Omni Hotel for the same price (yay!) but then my companion noted we were booked for an entire week at the Aloft, so he tapped at the computer and got us a room here after all (boo!). But that was weird. Pluses: Good, strong Internet connection. Great gym (but don't expect the word "gym" or "fitness center" on the door). Also, it is blocks away from the convention center and the high rises (and several other hotels) and next to the bus and light rail station.
2	I wanted to love this place being a big fan of W Hotels, but I just can't bring myself to recommend it.  Service is wonderful, the decor is ultra modern and sleek, has all the amenities for a high tech traveler including a place to jack in your computer and gadgets into the flat panel tv.  But it was just too damn loud.  I was on the 8th floor and like everyone else, couldn't sleep a wink until 2 am.  And it wasn't just loud, but the DJ was playing some crazy tripping music, I felt like I was in and out of the craziest fever dream - not pleasant.  It was made worse by the people in the hall who kept pounding the door and yelling at their buddy to come out.  This place is for people who want to party hard downstairs and need a place to crash after the clubs close.  Otherwise, stay a few blocks down the road at the Omni or Marriott.
3	I'm late on reviewing, but I have a good memory! :)As a surprise for New Year's Eve last year, my boyfriend decided to book us a room for the night. This was my first time staying at an aLoft hotel.  I am a huge fan of the modern style and amenities they offer.  The Epicenter is so lucky to have this hotel on its property.The hotel itself, room & bathroom area were all clean. Which of course is a HUGE plus!The downside for us was it was too loud. We were on the top floor & yes, I am fully aware it was NYE & drunk people were staying there. Lucky for us, we didn't come into the room until almost 2 AM, but it made going to sleep really troublesome.  Also, upon checking out, you have to pay for parking. THAT in itself is so wack to me.  I have to agree with some of the points John R. made in his review.  Seems he was just there on a  regular night & had the same issues we encountered.I would recommend staying here to out of towners; however, I don't see myself staying here again since I'm a Charlotte area resident.
3	~3 star average for the aloft in Charlotte-- hotel location: 2 stars, hotel quality: 3 stars, parking: 1 star and customer service: 5 stars. I came here with my bf to stay overnight on a road trip en route to Georgia. aloft was by far, the cheapest and most stylin' hotel in the area. One of the initial downers is that your only realistic parking option parking is valet, which is about $20 a day. They're super attentive and friendly (as they should be, it's frickin valet for crying out loud) but if you end up staying there for a few days, it can really add up. Prior to booking, I had read reviews of the aloft that said that 1) the elevators are slow from the parking deck and 2) the lower levels of the hotel are loud. I can honestly say both are true. When we realized we could hear everything from our 5th floor room, we requested to move to a room as high up as possible. We were taken care of by a lovely desk clerk by the name of Chelsea who was pretty quick at assigning us a new room. The room itself is nothing out of the ordinary- it was fairly small, big screen tv, comfy bed and no funky smells- yay. The bathroom is stocked with BlissLabs shampoo/ conditioner and soaps which was a nice touch! I would have liked to hang out in the lobby area and shoot some pool but there were two dudes who monopolized the table the whole night we were there.
3	After arriving at midnight to find "guaranteed late arrival" room sold and waiting 45min. for a ride to Holiday Inn, I was very angry!! But the manager called me the next day and groveled and made amends. Nice clean room, on 14th floor corner with a great view!
4	Dear Potential Charlotte Aloft Hotel Guests,This is a lovely hotel.  I get what they are doing here, and I think it's pretty darn cool.  There are, however, several things to keep in mind when booking a room here.Wonderful things about the hotel:- High ceilings with great views of the skyline- Large shower that includes dispensers of shower gel and shampoo/conditioner (the combination stuff, not one of each)- Conveniently located in the middle of downtown Charlotte and right by both the bus depot and a train station- Lots of amenities - pool, workout room, pool table in the lobby, etc-  Staff was very friendly and helpful- Room was very clean- Free internet - both wifi and cable (this is something the other hotels in the SPG chain do not offer, so I was excited to find it here)- This is one of the best prices and values you can find in UptownThings that are not so wonderful about the hotel:- These are NOT the Sheraton/Westin beds.  They are ok, but do not expect the amazing comfort you would have at one of the other hotels in the SPG chain.- The noise.  One of the two nights the noise was nearly unbearable.  The ambient nightclub noise isn't bad - that's what we had our second night and it is very easily ignored.  I've stayed in hotels where the ambient street noise was much worse.  The first night we stayed here however, was a Friday and there was a band playing below us in the Epicenter.  Specifically, an Eagles cover band.  I know this not because we went down to see them play, but because it sounded like Hotel California and Desperado were being sung just for us on a platform outside our window.  My basic advice on the noise is to 1) check the schedule for the Epicenter and see if they have a band playing and 2) when you check in, ask for a room that isn't on the side of the middle of the Epicenter.Overall, I enjoyed my stay in this hotel.  If I go back to Charlotte, I will likely stay here again, I would just check the band schedule as noted.  This is not a Sheraton/Westin and is not trying to be - it is something else entirely, but that something else is really fun.  The main carry-over from the rest of the SPG hotels is the excellent service and attention to detail, which make this hotel a pleasure to visit.
3	So I'm pretty much going to just be repeating what most people are saying. The aloft is in a good location in terms of getting around in uptown Charlotte, but unless you are rocking out with your collar popped or in your 9in heels, then you'll be unhappy with the noise level of this hotel. It's kind of a party hotel in the fact that all of the surrounding businesses are night clubs and bars and hotel itself is built to be trendy and aimed towards the younger crowd. Now I know what you're thinking. This old man just can't handle the awesome-ness. Well this only man is only 32. Though past the age of spending my nights at trendy night clubs, I'm still fine with a little noise. The night we stayed was probably a fairly rare exception, though I could be wrong. There was an Eagles cover band playing on the patio of one of the bars (which ended up being lined up with our window and 2 floors down). It was actually so loud in our room at midnight, that I was convinced that I could checkout any time I liked, but I could never leave. When the band wasn't playing, the noise level just kind of turned to white noise. It was a little louder than city noise, but nothing terrible. If you demand a silent hotel, even this level of noise would be too much, but for me, it was fine. The beds are not as comfortable as beds in other W hotels, but the room itself was nice, clean, and modern. Parking kind of sucks as the only way to get an in/out service without having to pay each time is through valet, and after tip, you may as well just pay the in/out fees and park yourself. The other crappy part about parking is the parking garage is the same for all of the night clubs around you, so just parking to get to your hotel requires you to navigate for a while to find parking and share the elevator with gaggles of co-eds that think your backpack suitcase is sooooo 2003. The only other things I really didn't like about the aloft was the party music blasting in the elevator and the smell of the lobby. The elevator would be a nice place to have a quiet moment, but instead you have to speak up just to have a conversation. And whoever had the idea of spraying a 55 gallon drum of air freshener into the lobby every min of the day must either really love air freshener or has anosmia.
4	While visiting a friend here in CLT to celebrate his 40th birthday with him, I stayed overnight in the aloft Charlotte Uptown at the EpiCentre. I had a great stay. I had stayed in an aloft property before (in Chapel Hill) and liked it. This one did not disappoint either. They are a Starwood Preferred Guest property, for those with rewards accounts and use those programs.You know what they always say...location, location, location. This hotel is in a great location! Right in the middle of Uptown (Charlotte's word for their downtown area, I am thinking). More so, it is attached or a part of the Epicenter complex with many shops and eateries to sample while you are there. I took advantage of this item when I checked out and the Brugger's Bagel Bakery was right there and open early to get breakfast at before heading to the train station. Bonus. I can see it would be convenient for any downtown or sporting event. Love the location. The lobby and bar area fit the aloft mold, lots of color, lights, very modern and trendy. I like the concept, very upbeat and an exciting look. Every aloft I think has the bar call wxyz lounge and this one was no exception. Pool tables, nice lounge area, and even a little "convenience store" for late night munchies or other needs. The staff were nice and accomodating, no problems with service this stay. They were full the night before and still had a room ready for me well before the 3pm check in (I think I was in by 2pm at the latest). The rooms are simple but Euro-hip in design. I like their concept. If you are looking for luxury or a large suite situation, this place is not for you. But if you want a nice room, modern trendy hip in design, and comfortable to boot, this will work for you. A nice desk for you use is there, a flat screen TV, and bonus of an AV box that lets you plug in your iPod/iPhone/iPad or other AV device to work through the TV if you like. Nice. A good comfortable bed, and the alarm clock is very trendy analog clock, it is nice to see those still around, it fits the room decor well. There is a large dressing area/basin outside the bathroom itself, but a small closet space there. In the bath, there is a large (oversized I dare say) shower with glass doors/enclosure. You don't have to fiddle with the small itty-bitty bottles for shampoo, soap, etc. as there nice wall dispensers for both there (I would think this is eco-friendly as well). Only one small speedbump I would mention and that is the parking situation. It's a bit tricky to find the entry to the parking deck and entrance to the aloft, and it is actually around the College and 4th corner side of the complex. Finding the correct elevator to go all the way up to the 5th floor that contains aloft is the next challenge, we picked the wrong one first that went only to 4. We were also told that getting out to pay for parking, there would be an attendant...there was not one we found. We did figure out there were automated machines that would settle your bill with your card it issued, luckily. That's one area I'd work on, if any, that whole situation of parking and getting to the hotel once parked.But all in all, I liked my stay at the aloft CLT and would stay there again.
5	Pretty snazzy lodgings to be found here.Awesome location! There have been some who have complained about noise levels. Understand that you cannot have a location this good and not expect to hear some of the hustle and bustle below (live performances for example). During my stay however there was no excessive noise to report. This given that I was supposedly on the 'noisy' side of the hotel.Rates are right where they should be. And this is to mean that you get a lot for your money! There is more that I could write but I'll leave that for a future edit. Suffice to say for now that Aloft at the EpiCentre was exactly what I was looking for in a stay.
4	great place for the most part. Staff is super helpful, love the visual and physical aspects of both the rooms and the common area. Cool to have a bar, lounge and pool table in the reception area. Hated the cheesy teeny-bopper top-40 pop music playing in the lounge-definitely did not make me want to linger and it was out of synch with the edgy vibe they were going for. They need something more like Massive Attack playing. And I know it's NC, but get a little bit of real art to augment the stock car posters if you're going travelers business. Besides those details, its a great place that I'll come back to.
3	Very convenient to Uptown festivities!  Located right in the EpiCentre on College this hotel and fun lounge is a great place to stay while in Charlotte.  The rooms are trendy and cool - sporting bright colors and nice finishes.  The lounge area is really casual and fun.  It overlooks the top of the EpiCentre AA5 outdoor patio.  Full bar and wine selections available at the lounge.  Not as classy as the other hotels nearby but definitely worth a shot!
3	the aloft charlotte uptown is positioned right atop charlotte's epicentre; the "hub" for dining and recreation in downtown charlotte. as you can see, most yelpers choose to focus on the close proximity to clubs, bars, and restaurants. however, it seems several had the misfortune to be stuck on the "loud side," above the aforementioned clubs, bars, and restaurants, and couldn't focus on anything but their lack of sleep. lucky for me, i was on the "quiet side," and had no noise complaints. while in town for a work event, i needed to stay somewhere close to the convention center, and the ACU is perfectly positioned within walking distance. it's a very modern hotel, with oversize walk-in showers instead of bathtubs, an edgy bar in the lobby, and flat-screen tvs in every room. they are super dog-friendly, and i had fun watching the pooches pass by while i waited in the lobby. however, the bed was not as comfy as I'd expect from a W hotel; the pillows in particular were of two varieties, both unpleasant - either cylindrical bolster pillows that were hard as a rock, or limp, under-filled feather pillows that had to be folded in half in order to achieve comfort. $139/night was a great rate, but you'd think it would at least afford me a decent pillow.i'd stay at the ACU again for work, but not on my own dime. there's the likelihood of getting a room on the "loud side," coupled with having to bring my own pillow, so i might as well get my starwood points at the westin down the street.
3	I really enjoy staying at this hotel chain whenever I can. It has a nice feel to it. This specific location is in a good location for a lazy traveler. I was visiting Charlotte on business and didn't have much time to get out to some of the neighborhoods that I would have liked to so I appreciated being able to have all of the bars/restaurants right in my own back yard at the Epicentre. My only complaint about this hotel is the elevators. They were a little slow to come and go and one of them was even out of commission when I was there for a few hours. This was beyond the hotels control, but it caused travelers in the morning to be reliant on one elevator for the shared complex. All in all, nice rooms, very clean, and great service.
4	I've driven by the Aloft Chapel Hill many times and thought, wow, that place looks kind of pretentious and what a strange place to put sort of a swanky hotel.  Well, my family had the opportunity this past weekend to stay at the one in Charlotte and I have to say, it was pretty nice. The man at the front desk was friendly at our check-in, though, it was early on a Friday and he already seemed a little overwhelmed.  The lobby is hip, mod, exactly what you would imagine. There was a pool table, a bar, a large lounge area and a little pantry-shop area.  The elevator was pumped full of not your grandma's elevator tunes kind of music, made us wanna boogie a little :)  And now, to our room... ahh, a mom's dream, hardly a sharp corner or exposed wire to be had! The bed was simple, clean, not too many pillows, not too high off the ground... actually the perfect height for my little guy to practice turning around and sliding off on his belly, feet first--yay!  I'm a nerd-mom, sorry.  The bathroom was super-sleek with just the bare necessities: Bliss soap and lotion, cups, tissues, coffee/tea, oh, and magazines-- National Geographic and Dwell-- nice touch.  I liked that they had their Bliss shampoo and conditioner in containers attached to the wall in the shower, that definitely seems more efficient.  The sink was a nice bowl type, keeps the potential for a watery mess to a minimum.  My son of course found the secret shelves where the ironing board and iron were hidden away, I mean, not really hidden, but sort of. I just really appreciate simple and well designed spaces and this place ranked pretty high for me, at least as far as what I've been exposed to thus far in my life.  Yep, Aloft, I'm a fan.
3	This place was nice and clean. The lobby makes you feel like you are in some Euro-club. The smell in the lobby was also very pleasant. We did not like the lobby being on the 5th floor. That was weird. It was also somewhat difficult to find if you are not familiar with the area. Parking was odd. If you valet, you can have your car any time you want. If you park on your own, you have to pay each time you go in and out. It was kind of annoying. We had our 1 year old and her pack and play. They were very accommodating and gave us a handicapped accessible room so we would have plenty of room.The price was right and the room was nice. Very comfy bed!
5	Lauren at the Aloft bar was amazing! We were staying there for HeroesCon and she made us feel so welcome. She made me several specialty drinks (she was experimenting!) and each was better than the last - just a fantastic mixologist. Our room was clean and comfortable with a great view of the city. Definitely worth the money and we intend on using the Aloft as our new place to stay when in Charlotte.
4	Stayed here for 5 days for a business trip. As my coworker described it when she recommended it, "It's the Ikea of hotels." That's not a bad thing. It's just a statement about the modern, almost scandinavian, styling of the decor and the furnishings. For example, there are no closets and no drawers. There is a very small, shallow, curtained off elevated cubby-hole with an angled metal bar like you find in department stores to hang things up, and then there are two small cubby-holes with no doors, approximately 30" wide by 16" tall by 12" deep where you could unpack your suitcase. It's just... I dunno... odd. I think most people would probably opt to just live out of their suitcase rather than deal with these cubbies that are down low, next to the ground. Not a huge negative... just different. My room was clean and everything worked, and by the time I went to sleep, it was pretty quiet. However, the Epicenter, where this is located, is very "active", and if you want quiet to work or whatever, I would recommend going as high as you can, and maybe towards the rear rather than the front, as outside noise can get loud. The hotel starts on the 5th floor of the building, so that's where the lobby is, and the first floor of rooms is the 6th floor. Particularly liked the "refresh" area in the lobby where you can pick from a large variety of light food and snacks. There are quite a few healthy choices as well as the usual suspects you would find in a hotel shop, plus complimentary coffee. The WiFi is free, but it's very slow, and you have to re-authenticate every 24 hours. If you opt to "go green" and not get fresh linens every day, they give you a $5 voucher every day but your last which can be used towards the food, or you can take the points if you are a member of their loyalty program.All in all, I would recommend this place if you are open to trying something a little different. If you are a hardened traveller that wants the traditional hotel experience with no surprises, you might want to look elsewhere. But really, after all, you just need a place to stay, right? Why not try something a little different, and give this place a shot?
4	My mom's house being full of temporarily boomeranging family members might be one of the best things that's ever happened to me, mainly because that meant that R and I had to stay in a hotel when we visited over Thanksgiving. So we brushed off some Starwood points and headed uptown. Our room was clean, had an HD TV, and a great view, so I was satisfied. I also loved the huge showerhead that made for an even rain and the little bar of soap at the sink that smelled amazing.BUT, I thought the lighting was a bit harsh (I know it's a modern hotel, but that doesn't mean you can't have warm lighting); not all of the TV channels were in HD, which distorted picture of the analog channels, and you can't steal the soaps since they're stuck the wall gym-shower style. I consider those things minor in the grand scheme, and since we declined turndown service, we even got some of our SPG points back. Score! We'd definitely stay again if we had to.
2	As others have stated, this is a clean, comfortable, modern hotel.It was a bit hard to find - I had to call the front desk and have them guide me over the phone to the valet parking area in front of a restaurant - I was not aware that the hotel's first floor is five levels up.I arrived around 10:00 pm or so on a Wedneday evening and had the valet park my car. I took the elevator up and checked in. The young lady at the check in desk was very nice - she promised me a nice quiet room on the 11th floor. Famous last words.The room was clean and comfortable. I set up my MacBook Pro on the desk, jacked into ethernet, checked my e-mail and got a little work done. The room had a flat panel HD TV, dedicated HVAC unit, mini-fridge (located oddly in the bathroom area), two phones, a clock, etc. The HD TV did not appear to come with very many HD channels as far as I could tell - mostly standard def channels.I tried to fall asleep around midnight. I kept hearing loud music, laughter, yelling, and more. Finally, in desperation, at 1:15 am, I called the front desk and inquired as to what the hell was going on. I was informed that the night club next door closed at 2:00 am. I was offered ear plugs and I believe, a white noise machine.  I have my own white noise app on my iPad, I fired that up, but it was not enough to drown out the racket.I was so aggravated, that when the music stopped (at 2:15 am) and then another 15-20 minutes afterward of drunken yelling outside - that I could not get to sleep until about 4:00 am.The next morning as I was checking out, the lady at the front desk asked me how my stay was. I was also buying a few bottles of water at that moment to take with me. I explained about the noise and that it was unacceptable, and that I would in all likelihood never stay at their hotel again. She apologized and comped the three bottles of water and one bottle of soda I was going to buy.If you want an opportunity to sleep at night - this IS NOT the hotel for you.Overall, a clean, comfortable hotel and nice staff - but if you care about restful sleep - go elsewhere.
3	I had a really hard time finding this hotel.  Although I could see the sign very high up on the 5th floor, I could not figure out where to park.  It took two phone calls and the front desk navigating me by phone to get there.  It's a great location, right in the center of everything in Uptown.  I did not stay on a night when the bars were hopping, so I did not have the problem with noise.  Front desk staff was very pleasant.  I'm not sure if I will stay here again if my regular hotel was not available.  The next day we did see a young male drag queen doing the walk of shame as he strutted toward the elevator.  He also looked to be high as a kite and tried to put the moves on my colleague.
2	Was very hard to find, room was nice and clean, but we had to call maintenance twice to change a light bulb and turn the heat on in the room, the other inconvenience was, we didn't know we had to take 2 elevators to get to and from our room, which we did a lot.There was a fridge in the room, no microwave, have to go to the main floor to heat up food, and get ice. We had a two night stay, and paid $$$, I really expected more bang for my buck, I'm pretty sure I will not be staying here again, the best part of this stay in my opinion was the view and the cleanliness.
3	Pet friendly - no charges for pets!  Unfortunately, that also means a smelly designated pet room.  The cleanliness wasn't exactly top notch either.  I also missed not having a whirlpool tub that I love to get into during week long hotel stays.The lobby is cute modern and looks like a fun place to hang out and the location is the best in uptown....You're right in the epicentre and surrounded by lots of dining and entertainment.Valet is expensive at $25 per day.I wish the hotel offered nicer rooms.
2	No. I cannot give above 2 stars to a hotel whose internet is so slow you can't stream or even load pages with lots of content. Holiday Inn manages to do this, courtyards, motel 6s even, can manage to have fast internet, yet an SPG property billed as W light cannot.FIX YOUR INTERNET. I know that it is free, but I would rather pay for it if it would work.Also, they only have shampoo and conditioner in one. This is unacceptable if you are a girl. How much more can it possibly cost to have these separate? Location is GREAT, right in the epicentre. But this is a crappy hotel for what it bills itself as and how much it costs. Bed is lumpy, room set up is awkward and unappealing.Stay somewhere else if you are traveling on business. You will completely regret not staying at the Westin if you are SPG. It isn't much nicer, but again, the internet works and the people who run the front desk are professional.
4	If you're heading to Crown Town, the EpiCentre is decidedly where prep boys, bballers, high heeled chicks, and university bar crawlers flock. In other words, it's not exactly my cup of tea, but if you're sans car, this area offers plenty in the way of food, drink, and entertainment (depending on how you get your kicks). The Aloft hotel is smack in the middle of the madness and offers you a nice nest perched atop the Epicentre. Also worth noting, the surrounding area of Uptown plays host to lots of great restaurants and bars. I often pick Aloft whenever possible. It's affordable, offers Bliss bathroom products, a loft-like vibe and looks like the W's teeny bopper little sister.
2	Pros:Free Wi-Fi that is half way decentGood selection of restaurants within walking distanceHelpful staffCons:Dirty carpet in the room, stains everywhereStains on the towels as wellFridge didn't keep anything cold, let alone coolThermostat didn't work, air conditioner was on all the time, even if I turned the thermostat offHave travelled a lot for work, and have never been in an area with more sirens in the middle of the nightI might stay here again, if I had to, but the fact that I didn't want to walk barefoot on the carpet, is incredibly gross.  Also made me where flip flops in the shower.
4	Location, location, location!It's a hotel.  It's a place to sleep.  You don't get a hotel smack dab in the middle of things and expect to hole up do you?  There may be noise...and there may not be, depending on when you're staying.For me, the experience was nice.  The wife and I caught a play, watched the game, and visited a couple of pubs for my birthday celebration.The front desk was kind and helpful, the rooms were clean and modern.  Things can always be better, but this was affordable and worth my dollars.I will be back.
4	I do agree with the fact that this place isn't the easiest to find and they should do a better job about signage on where to park etc to get into the main lobby. I drove around a couple times on busy streets trying to figure it out before taking a chance and ended up being correct.Once inside I enjoyed they place. It's an aloft so... ya, you know what to expect. But the rooms was set up a little different compared to other alofts I've been to. The room had a bit of a European feel with little nooks for conveniences i.e. an ironing tucked into the side of the headboard. Probably annoying if you're looking for the ironing board but a nice modern touch otherwise.Being in the center of everything, there's a walkway that connects to a center with a food court and coffee etc... very convenient. If you are looking for location for an affordable price, you can't go wrong here.
4	This is a fun hotel. The rooms are simple and modern. I wish room service was an option and I don't love that I had to pay $6 for a banana and a bottle of water in their little snack area in the lobby.Their front desk staff were great. Very friendly and helpful when I needed a room change to one with two beds instead of one. The maid service was good, although their "green" hangers are confusing. They say to place the hanger on your door by 2:00 am and they won't wash your linens. Not only did they not wash the linens, but they didn't even enter my room. I reread the sign and it said exactly that, so I'm not sure if they aren't informed or if the sign was printed incorrectly.Night life is fantastic here. Not only in this hotel, but in the entire EpiCentre. We had a blast here and went to several spots in the complex, but most of our time was spent at the W XYZ bar in the Aloft. The bartender was great and super friendly. I would definitely stay here again. The location can't be beat and the staff was great. I am more of a room service/full service hotel type of girl, but this was really fun for a weekend away.
3	Staff is friendly but lack knowledge on the nearby food that delivers. which is nessesary for a place that does not have room service or a restaurant.   I realize there are restaurants surrounding the place but the staff did not have or care to share with me any knowledge about any of them.  They kept referring me to a website called foodiecall.com which I don't have time to deal with. Aside from that it's your standard aloft room. Pretty uncomfortable if your traveling with more than one person. There is just the bed to sit in and a wooden chair. So if two friends want to watch TV or eat together one has to sit on the bed while another on a chair. They also need more suites in this hotel as they only have one. I will say that It is kept pretty clean and everything seems to be in good shape
4	Pros:  Great locationCool, modern roomsFriendly staffCons:No room serviceSmall gymStayed here for 2 nights on business in late January 2014.  I was very impressed with the location.  Firstly because it was right across the Bank of America Plaza which meant I had to commute about 2 minutes door to door.  Second, because the EpiCentre is a great place to hang out and has pretty much anything you might be looking for as far as food, drinks, etc.  The room had a modern layout and was well-lit.  The staff was very friendly, especially Dimaris, who helped me at check-out.  She was very friendly and helpful.The only downside was their lack of room service.  Personally, one of the best things about staying in hotels is the room service.  It wasn't a HUGE deal because, as I stated earlier, the EpiCentre has no shortage of food options.Also, the gym was pretty small, even by hotel standards.  But, at least it was open 24 hours.  If the few machines were used, I'd come back in about 20 minutes and try my luck again.  No biggy.Based on location alone, I'd definitely recommend this place to anybody.  I'll probably stay there again next time I'm in Charlotte.
2	The Aloft is a Chain of Hotels that is geared to the young crowd just out of college with their first bit of disposable income...everything about them tries to be fresh..hip..and fun...The Charlotte Location is the same as the others in that it has the staff dressed casually..techno music is blaring in "the lobby"..numerous flat screens all over the place...front desk person is behind what  appears to be just a little information desk..just behind that person is  the hotel bar with all the casual couches and a Pool Table as well...definitely not your standard hotel check in area...the rooms are the same as well with The Aloft going for that modern fun look..flat screens mounted on the wall..no dressers..cubbyholes instead..imitation IKEA looking Furniture. retro alarm clock..Pedastal Sink in the bathroom area and a Shower that has a Glass Frosted Wall so your Partner in the room can watch you shower if that's your thing..where The Charlotte Aloft takes it up a notch and becomes an upscale Frat House is that it's located above The Epicentre(Lobby is on the 5th Floor of The Building)..you will near noise coming from the clubs till 2 AM..then for the next hour you will hear that distinctive repetitive "WOOH WOOH" that only packs of drunken females do after bars close...then from 3 to 5 AM the hallways and rooms of The Aloft become the site of the After-party for all the people that partied at The Epicentre and are staying at The Aloft...when they go to sleep at 6 the "Regular people" who mistakenly stayed here are getting up and moving, if they managed to sleep at all; so there is no quiet time at the hotel ...I imagine if one called The Front Desk complaining there is a loud party going on in one of the rooms at 4 AM;the response would be "we know..isn't it great?";because that's the whole scene The Aloft caters to...the only thing missing to truly make it the Party Frat House of Charlotte are Bluto..D-day..Flounder..and Otter...tough place to rate; because honestly if your between 20 and 30 and in Charlotte to party; this place's location,attitude and vibe would make it like The Valhalla of Hotels...On the other side of the spectrum though,.Families with Kids and Business People(unless they were in town on Monkey Business) would think they were in Hell..my advice is just know what you are getting into before you book here
3	Great location and clean rooms. Room was freezing, even with the heat on high! Brrrrr!!!!!!
4	I stayed here last weekend and was not disappointed. Since it's at the Epicenter it is a great location. The rooms are nice and everyone who worked there was very welcoming and helpful. The only bad thing was having to take two different elevators to get from the hotel room to the car. Overall I would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone who asked.
1	The Front Desk staff is the antithesis of hospitality. When checking in, we were informed that, without reservation, there was a walkin rate of "x" per night, after pulling up a reservation of "y" per night on Expedia. With no "option" to honor a competitive rate, we were made to literally sit in the lobby, book the reservation through a third party and then wait another 10 minutes for the reservation to populate in the aloft system. The gentleman, "Dee," who assisted us was one of the least accommodating people in the business, busy on his personal phone half the time and second only to his a.m. counterparts who were equally displeasing at checkout. These people are your first and last impression, aloft- get it together. Your employees just earned you a scathing Yelp! review, a vacation horror story in customer service and about 20 less future customers, in the immediate. Congrats!
1	The comments about finding the location is true.  We circled the block several times.  When we called for directions, we were simply given the same address we already had.  There was no street level signs to direct you, and with traffic and construction it was a bit of a process.When I checked in, the room was a standard Aloft room.  Nothing over the top.  However, when I reported my toilet didn't work, I was assured by the front desk (a young lady who was talking to her co workers) that it would be fixed.  IT WAS NOT.  For two days, I didn't have a working toilet nor did they offer to change my room.  I was out (Thank Goodness) for most of the day/ night but I did end up checking out early because I was so frustrated and grossed out.The bar was great and the bar tender was even better.  Thank goodness for her and public restrooms.Aloft offered me points to apologize.  Via email.  No follow up in person, which would have almost been nicer than the  points.
3	Great location, walking distance anywhere in Uptown. Lots of bars and entertainment right outside the door. Nice, modern room, big windows with nice view (mine from the 11th floor). Good coffee machine with free drinks in the morning.On the flip side, it wasn't immediately obvious how to get there from the street. The internet was veeeery sloooooow. Some of the breakfast choices were way to small for their price (hint - go for the breakfast sandwiches, they seem to be of better value). Those big windows came with pretty cheap blinds, both of which broke.
1	Very bad experience. Mattress was stained, bathroom door was peeling and front desk staff were rude when they were informed of the issues.
4	Pros: - Brand consistent - Solid location at Epicenter - Decent gym but they have passes to golds for 10 - Great breakfast optionsCons - Firm bed. Less W and more CourtyardOverall, I'd stay here again
2	So, it's weird.... the hotel itself is ok. Not SUPER clean, but completely fine. I usually stay at the Westin and it was unavailable on this trip. Charles at the front desk was incredibly friendly and helpful. However, check out time is noon. They ask you at the front desk if that is the time you expect to check out. I said yes because I knew I'd be doing some work from the hotel room the next morning before my meeting at 12. From 9 am to 11:30 am, I had not one, not two but THREE employees try to barge into my room with a key in order to clean it. Luckily I had the metal latch over it. Each time I would say, "Hey, I have a 12 oclock check out" and they wouldn't even apologize, they just walked away. In fact, the LAST person to do it, a hispanic woman, I looked out through the peep hole and said, "I have a 12 oclock check out, please leave me alone. Check your list." I could see through the peep hole that she gestured at me out of frustration. I can't tell if it was the middle finger, or just gesturing her hand out of frustration but that really made me mad. I mean, I called down to the front desk to tell them and they said, "Sorry, yes we have you written down as a 12 oclock check out" well then why are three people trying to barge into my room? It's unacceptable. I could tell they just wanted to get done and leave but guess what, maybe you shouldn't have a 12 oclock check out if none of your employees can respect it.
4	This is just a regular ol' hotel that looks like it was decorated with Ikea furniture/decor. The staff was very upbeat and friendly and it was very convenient to be able to walk to the CVS when we realized we'd forgotten ALL of our toiletries. If you like to go out and have late night fun at bars, clubs, and shops, this hotel is super convenient.The rooms are pretty small, but the flat screen tv and king sized bed were nice. My one big complaint is, if you don't know your way around Uptown, this hotel is hard to find. They only have one sign and it is facing the wrong way down a one-way street! The only way to see, if you are driving, is if you're going the wrong way! I called the hotel and the man trying to give me directions kept giving me landmarks, which, clearly, I did not know. He told me several times that it was above the epicenter. Well, sure if I knew where or what the Epicenter is, that might help. Unfortunately, I'm from out of town and need a little more than that.Other than that debacle, we enjoyed our stay. :)
5	Became trapped in my bathroom! (Don't panic, it was a good experience despite this) I got myself out of the situation and all is well and I realize how this FLUKE incident occurred and that it was immediately corrected. It's how they went about correcting it that I want to emphasize here... Every member of the staff who heard of this was very concerned. Frank, a manager, was in my room to examine the situation within moments of my call and the engineer was on scene within 5 minutes. Further, the senior manager personally came to my room to apologize and make amends. The 5 stars represent the delivery of amazing service from the staff.  I travel a lot, so belive me when I say things always go wrong. The fact that the staff showed so much genuine concern, and acted promptly to remediate the situation is what will bring me back to Aloft.
1	Tried to check in tonight 9/27(Starwoods platinum member), security guard became irate over nothing and refused allowing me to checkin. Black guy, late 30's I would never stay here again.
3	I'm sure a lot of people love this place, but whenever I stay at an Aloft, I feel like I am staying overnight in an Ikea store.  If you like Ikea-style modern furniture, you probably love this hotel chain.  I'm rather ambivalent to their style - although I do like the low platform beds.  I also appreciate the effort they make to promote minimalist/green furnishings and services.. But I think the rates are typically a little high for getting minimalist rooms.As for he Aloft in Charlotte, location is awesome.. Central uptown location attached the epicenter complex, so you can walk out the door and walk to anything you want.I only gave Aloft Charlotte 3 stars because the street noise is bizarrely loud (they actually give you ear plugs when you check in!) and the front desk was a mix of uber-polite with an air of snootiness.  I'm sure some people love this place because of but it's not really for me.
3	Pluses: location, size of room okNegatives: tired older property. . No coffee maker, no refrigerator/mini bar. No counter area in bathroom, had to drag wheeled luggage up a flight of stairs to lobby. Why no ramp??? If you get a good rate for your stay then ok.
4	Nice hotel.  Nice location.  Staff is very friendly.  Room is comfortable.  I usually stay at the Westin, but it was unavailable.  Enjoyed my stay here.
4	I recently stayed here for work. Lets start with service. To put it simply they were lacking. There are a lot of people standing around but too "busy" to assist you or acknowledge you. They don't go out of their way to assist you here so don't look for it. Location,Charlotte. LIVE, very commercial nothing much to do in the area. Don't think I'll return to this or any other property.
3	There was recently a report of this hotel being in near the projects, however....they were torn down a few years ago so keep in mind that that was an old post a lot has changed since
