2	Visited this location for lunch with my mom.  Our server Sierra was very friendly.  My review is a warning to vegetarians.I prepared my vegetarian bowl with tofu.  My food was cooked on the grill with other bowls that had meat.  Towards the end of my meal, I was very disturbed to bite into a piece of chicken.  I told our server that they should really be more careful when the bowls are being grilled all together.  I did not tell the cooks that I was a vegetarian, but I assumed that there was some care taken to prevent the bowls from mixing together.My thinking is this- my family eats chicken, but does not eat pork.  They would have no reason to tell the cooks that they are vegetarian (apparently the code word that tells them to prepare the food carefully?), but that doesn't mean that they would be fine to bite into pork from another customer's bowl.The solution that our server suggested (I should have told the cooks that my bowl is vegetarian so they would be careful to not mix the bowls) is not a very good solution.  Shouldn't all of the food be prepared carefully??? There are valid reasons (religious, for example) where someone may eat one particular kind of meat, but abstain from others. Proceed with caution.
2	Ate there for dinner tonight. The restaurant was very crowded and the wait was more than 15 minutes after you left your bowl at the grill to be cooked. The food in the buffet line looked old.  The broccoli was not florets but rather tiny, tiny pieces. The green beans looked like they were out of a can and the quality of everything was average at best. Two of us for dinner, one time through and 2 ice teas for $28 seems a bit much for fast food. If we are looking for Mongolian BBQ we will stick with YC's.
5	This was My first time eating here and I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was super friendly and prompt. They have great happy hour specials. $5.00 sake bombers!!! woo hoo !!  Karrisa (hostess) and Mike our waiter was fantastic!! the food is great too!
4	Mmmm mmmm good!  I love me some Mongolian food!  Went with a friend on a Sunday around 5:00 and there really wasn't a wait at all which was great since we were hungry!  The host was very friendly as was our server who greeted us right away to take our drink orders.  As soon as that was done we made our way to the fresh ingredient area.  I was pleasantly surprised to see what I would consider an above average selection of various meats and vegetables available.  Marinated steak anyone?  Pineapple?  I think I will!  I also loved that you can pick from different options to go along with your food (steamed rice, fried rice, noodles, tortillas, and a couple others I can't remember).  I chose the fried rice and I'm proud to admit that I ate the whole bowl, it was delicious!  Next time I'm up this way I'll definitely be making a pit stop here!
4	I love the fresh selections and sauces!! This is a fun place with the fire wok in the back and full Bar!  you get fresh seafood/chicken/pork or steak and veggies galore...i love that they already have th sauces made so you just pick what flavor..not have to make a sauce yourself Oh! and when you purchase the signature glass you get 3 dollar beers everytime you go back - just show them the receipt  or bring your GG glass...I suggest fried rice but the Noodles are the Best!
2	While the food was of great quality and the staff were friendly. I take off 3 stars for the following reasons: 1. Staff member observed leaving huge pile of ice mess on the floor after finishing transferring ice from the ice maker to the soda fountain ice bin. Staff member didn't bother cleaning up after herself! (ya mommy don't work there with you.. clean up your own mess!!). 2. Buffet serving area didn't appear to been recently cleaned. Utensils felt sticky to the hand and floors not recently mopped (floors felt sticky as well.. including the restrooms). 3. Been there 2 separate times and each time had to ask for silverware so I could eat my food! (make it a habit to bring the silverware out with the bowl or something!!).
3	OK. First of all, this is not actually Mongolian food. A number of years ago, some businessmen in Taiwan opened a Japanese-style stir fry joint and decided to invent a story about Genghis Khan's soldiers cooking meat and vegetables over their upturned shields. Historically inaccurate myth became fact for uneducated diners. Whatever, it's still an interesting concept. Real Mongolian food is noodles, dumplings, and hearty soups, usually with mutton and little else. At Genghis Grill, you choose from various meats and vegetables (including shrimp, not withstanding the fact that the capitol of Mongolia is nearly 1,000 miles from the ocean) and have them cooked on a grill for you. Service is kinda haphazard but the staff are all young and enthusiastic, and it was sort of like dining in a bus terminal with all of the activity and people coming and going. Recommended for lunch with a large group, definitely not for a quiet romantic evening.
5	At first I was skeptical because it seemed like the food wouldn't turn out good.  I got it to-go and when I got home, I loved it.  I loved the customization.  Its like Chipotle but Benihana style.
2	I was looking forward to trying this location since it is close to home. First impression was not good. My family and I walk in and the floors are sticky. Gross me out. Then the server we had must have been on something she was so hyper and the things that came out of her mouth were ridiculous. Mind your own business and do not make small talk. PLEASE! Went through the line and didn't expect to see raw meat and fish in bins. That was not appetizing at all. I really don't want to see my meat before it is cooked. I chose scallops and if I go back I will to try a chicken dish. Veggies in bins were not fresh. Sauces were ok. Desserts were not appetizing. Bummed.
2	Food was disappointing. I tried loading it up with the dry spices and the sauce at the end but it was a bit bland. Having the fresh meats side by side is a little disconcerting. Overall it wasn't bad food, but I've had much better at lower prices. I'm sure if I kept going I would figure out how to get a decent tasting meal, but I'm not sure it's worth the effort.
5	I recently received a response from the owner of this establishment in regards to my recent comments.  It's nice to know that management review blogs about their business!!
2	I like the Mongolian Barbecue concept... I really do.  So, when my friend suggested we head to this place for dinner, I was all about it.  I read the reviews that came before mine, and tried to be optimistic too... And while it appears that GG has addressed the complaints about not being vegetarian or food allergy friendly, they can't do much about the chain feeling one gets upon dining here.  They can, however, work on their service, which was unattentive and unorganized during my visit.My friends and I went up to prepare our bowls at the buffet.  I prepared mine with shrimp, calamari, imitation crab meat, vegetables, egg, and a mix of honey soy and spicy sauce.  I handed it over to be cooked up and put on brown rice, and it actually turned out pretty decent.  I ended up deciding I wanted to go up for seconds.  This was after our waiter just threw our check down at our table without asking if we wanted anything else.  My friends went for dessert and I went for another bowl after that.  I guess our waiter took the check back when we flagged him down to let him know this.  I was busy finding the hostess to request a new bowl for my second helping.  I had to ask several times after that for some more water, and when I was waiting for my cooked food to be delivered, the food runner attempted to deliver the wrong bowl to my table, even admitting that sometimes they get the numbers mixed up... not a good sign.  If you like dining at places like Sweet Tomatoes, (not that there is anything wrong with that... I even hit up Sweet Tomatoes every now and then), this place could be up your alley.  At dinner, it's $9.99 for one trip to the buffet and $13.99 for a bottomless bowl.  If you drink and/or have dessert though, it can get pricey for what it is, but again, the concept is solid... there is something for everyone to choose from whether you like meat, chicken, fish, noodles, rice, etc...  I would suggest GG do a better job with training their servers and keeping the buffet bar stocked and clean.  I'd also suggest they do something with recipes for sauces as we all just guessed on how much sauce to use and made our own combinations of ingredients.I have experienced better, but I'm not saying I'd never go back.  Just go in with lower expectations (it's not going to be a gourmet experience by any means), and you'll be fine!
5	Mongolian grill cooking is coming soon to Scottsdale!  Genghis Grill will soon open in Scottsdale, in the Promenade Shopping Center.  Currently Genghis Grill can be found in other locations in the valley:  Glendale, Chandler, Tempe and Paradise Valley.  I had the pleasure of visiting the Paradise Valley location for a sneak peek of what is to come in our Scottsdale neighborhood!  Legend states on the battlefields, Genghis Khan along with his 12th century Mongol warriors, used to grill their food on their shields, which were heated by open fires.  Now Genghis Grill brings this legend to Arizona!Entering Genghis Grill, you are immediately greeted by their hostess who promptly seats you at your table, along with two silver bowls.  Once seated your server comes to your table and welcomes you to Genghis Grill, along with giving a short tour of the Genghis Grill experience.  What is great about Genghis Grill is the ability to make your own creation.  The silver bowl provided to you is your bowl to make as you wish.  A variety of fresh ingredients are available to build the bowl of your liking.  Building your bowl is a five-step process:1.  Protein (i.e. steak, chicken, seafood)2.  Seasonings3.  Veggies4.  Sauces5.  Starches (i.e. brown, fried, steamed rice, pasta, tortilla)Upon assembling your bowl, you walk to the cooking area, where the Genghis Grill chefs are firing up the "Genghis Shield".  This is where all food is stir-fried right before your eyes.   When you submit your bowl of ingredients, you are given a number to take back to your table.  This number will entitle your bowl to be delivered to your table upon completion of cooking.   Genghis Grill is a true treat that has arrived in Arizona.  Look out for this exciting restaurant, coming soon to Scottsdale!If you enjoy my reviews on Yelp, be sure to follow my blog at www.theatewonder.comThank you!
1	I will never ever go back here again. Here is the long and short of it: I have a gluten allergy and my food came in contact with someone else's food, or they didn't clean off the grill all the way before throwing my food on it. When I got my food I picked out several things that were in my bowl that I DID NOT put in the mix. My boyfriend pointed out than if there were carrots in my bowl then what else got mixed up in there. I hadn't thought about that and then I became concerned and called the waiter over. His reaction to my concerns weren't rude necessarily but he didn't seem like he really cared. I refused to eat the rest of my food and I was still charged for it. WTF?My boyfriend just paid the bill and we took off.To add insult to injury on the way home my lips swelled up like balloons. There was most DEFINITELY gluten in my food. We paid $30 for sub-par stir fry an an allergic reaction which lasted more than a day and caused me to have to take the day off from work and pay for a doctors visit.I emailed the manager of this location a day later and I have yet to hear ANYTHING back from them, and that was over a month ago.Word to the wise, If you have an allergy to ANYTHING food related- DO NOT EAT HERE!Go to YC's mongolian grill. They at least take food allergies seriously.
3	Last night was my 2nd Genghis Grill experience.  My first experience was at Tempe Marketplace a year or so ago and I made my bowl almost too spicy to eat.  I vowed to return for another stab at it but my 2nd trip wasn't much better.  I find this place to be way too complicated.  The ingredients look fresh and plentiful, but:- how much of those powders and salts should I include?- do I crack the egg myself or bring them to the grilling station and have the chef do it for me?- how much of the sauce should I put in the cup as to not have my dish overly spicy or overly sauced?I much prefer YC's.  They don't have the array of ingredients, but the whole experience is better.  You get a bigger bowl, soup, ice cream, refill your own soda, and somehow your bowl is ready 10 minutes faster than at Genghis.  Plus the sauces aren't as heavy so you can pretty much guess how much to put in your bowl.Well I guess a plus to Genghis is that they have alcohol and from the looks of it some pretty good happy hour specials....$1 saki anyone?However, on this trip, we received excellent service.  I'm guessing he was the owner or manager.  Anyway, he was awesome and friendly.  He looked like Danny McBride which was a plus.
3	Literally anyone with taste buds and a digestive system can make it work at Ghengis. At one restaurant, you could walk away from the grill holding a bowl of....1. Curried fried rice with shrimp, egg, & sprouts2. Honey soy brown rice with spinach, tofu, broccoli and carrots3. White rice with teriyaki beef, sesame and scallions4. Udon noodles with peanut sauce, pork, onions, and snap peas5. Rotini noodles with roasted tomato sauce and sausage6. Tortillas filled with BBQ chicken, onions, and peppers7. Some disgusting combination of any/all of the above, plus calamari and some congealed sauce that was accidentally poured onto the food instead of into the sauce cup.The endless possibility offers some novel appeal and exciting promise of your own creation, but it also makes it exceptionally difficult to know what will pair nicely together unless you're an experienced Ghengis-goer or you can already cook (and if you can already cook, what the deuce are you doing at Ghengis Grill?) Plus, if you do succumb to being overwhelmed by choices and your food sucks, it's your fault. Then, there's always the chance that your food sucking is not your fault... on two separate occasions, the chef has broken my egg before cooking it and just served me my dish, sans egg. What is fried rice without the egg? NOTHING.Basically, if you're looking for somewhere to eat with a rather diverse group of uncultured people (or a lot of children) everyone can find something to eat for a 10 dollar flat rate. However, if you've got even an inkling of gastronome in you, don't expect to be impressed.
2	Not too impressed.  The service was so-so and no one helped us with how to do this.  At previous Mongolian places I had put the sauce in the bowl.  The cook yelled at me for doing this saying it would all cook away (?) He made me get more in the little cup and it ended up so strong I could hardly eat it.  The atmosphere is sorta cold.  Idk...we just didnt care for it much =(
4	Friendly staff! I love the concept of make your own. There are so many choices here. The reason for the 4 star is sometimes the veggies aren't fresh. The zucchini can be mushy and the shrooms a little dark, for example.  But overall, the quality of food is good.
1	My family and I tried to eat dinner at Genghis tonight and where very disappointed.  My husband is allergic to gluten and we checked them out online before going and they where suppose to be very accommodating.  When our server came to our table we made it clear of his food allergy, when we made the food we made it clear to the lady helping you load your bowl, and when we got to the grill we told the cook about his food allergy and even asked for it to be made with rice.  The cook was suppose to cook his food separate of all the other gluten dinners so as not to contaminate his but the cook just threw it on the grill with everything else.  We told our water and he said he would correct the problem but when his dinner came it was with noodles witch contain gluten and would have made him sick.  In the end my husband left hungry and I left mad.  The service was bad and the place felt like a fast food restaurant.  I love Mongolian grills but my food was disappointing and even without the food allergy mix up I would not wast my money and go back.  They did offer us a free desert but they looked bad and contained GLUTEN.
2	The food is just okay.  I think having servers, a hostess, and a bar is an excuse to charge more.  YC's is a simpler set-up, it's cheaper, and you get more food.  Enough said.
4	Pros : Good selection of meat, veggies, sauces and starches makes building a mongolian BBQ bowl fun and tasty. Cons : The cost of the drinks seems excessive.
2	I was insanely disappointed with this place. I love Mongolian BBQ's, but his one was nothing like any of the others that I have been to. The hostess was very confused about where to seat my friend and I, and then several servers walked by us before one stopped and asked if we had been helped. It was busy, so I get it. Then we were given little, tiny bowls to make our meat/veggie/sauce selections, and they add noodles or rice for you. I found that incredibly unusual for this type of restaurant, so I suppose I just don't like the concept. The meat/veggie counter was very messy, with spills and stray pieces of meat/veggies all lover. Also, I feel like if you are going to limit the bowl size, the price should be much lower.  I could go to another Mongolian BBQ and get twice the food for the same price. The food itself was pretty good, although the seafood was a bit fishy. Overall, I was very disappointed. I probably will not eat here again.
3	Great selection of meats, vegtables, sauces and seasonings.  Fun for the whole family!
5	The food was excellent!! they delivered it to our business! Thanks for the great service!
4	I'm still kinda trying to understand what happened when I ate here. The overwhelming amount of options makes it nearly impossible for someone to create a cohesive enough flavor for it to taste good.However, if you figure out what works here, I'm sure this can become a favorite.You can really load up on meets and veggies. I like that you can chose to add thick or thin cut beef, chicken and shrimp. They also have tofu, mini scallops, etc. They have a wide selection of veggies and fruits so you don't really the need meat, or if you're like me you can load your bowl with a little meat and lots of veggies. It's whatever floats your boat here. I love pineapple and tomato in my fried rice so I liked having both those options. Are all the veggies as fresh as they could be? No but this is a make-your-own stir fry joint. What can you expect for under 10bucks and SOOOO much food?If you like everything like me, properly being able to season your food is where this place gets tricky. There is like a zillion different sauce-and-flavor options. It's easy to get lost. Since we don't know what the sauces or seasonings taste like, it's hard to gauge how much to put in. I cook a lot so I don't feel this is an issue of whether or not being an experienced chef will turn a better result. I think someone would have to come back here a few times in order to really figure out what works and what doesn't. Cheap sake bombs and decent food. Especially, for Asian food in AZ.
1	I definitely did not like this place! I found it odd that it's ok to put your raw meat into a bowl, then go to the vegi area and mash your vegis into the raw meat and place the spoon you used, that now has raw meat juices on it ,  back into the  community vegi  bowl. I don't eat chicken.  The thought of someone's chicken juice, laden spoon being put back into the broccoli  grosses me out!!  It's very overwhelming. There are too many choices. I swear I got twinges in my stomach after I ate there.
3	I am updating my review because the new manager of this store contacted me to try to remedy the bad experience I had on my first visit. I was offered a free meal for my boyfriend and I, as well as compensation for wages lost because of the allergic reaction I had to the food I consumed at this establishment. I emailed the previous manager to tell him about my experience, only really looking for my money back and to warn him about their employees lack of concern for their customers health and well being. No one emailed me back, until the new manager took over.Look, I work in the service industry, I know sometimes accidents do happen. But when an accident happens and a customer brings it to your attention, you try and do everything you can fix the situation and keep the customer happy and coming back. On my only visit here, the server was unapologetic about the food mix up and still made us pay for our food. We were neither happy with the way we were treated nor our total dining experience. A dining experience that left me with swollen lips and tongue for more than a day.I was glad to be contacted by the new management who tried to help us out by offering us a meal on the house, but the fact of the matter is we had such a bad first experience that I cannot convince my boyfriend to try and give this place a second chance, even with a free meal dangled in front of his face.I am writing this and giving them two extra stars solely because of the new managers positive and accommodating attitude. Thank you for trying to make it up to us, but I don't think I can get my boyfriend to make the trek (some 17 miles) back up there to make right what should have been right the first time around.
4	The Mongolian BBQ craze is a reminent of the 80's that will not wither away.  Every so often I get nostalgic and pursue my hunger cravings.  When this happens, the Genghis Grill is a great solution.  The location is ideal: close enough to the mall for easy access; far away enough to park your car.The restaurant itself is clean and the food is fresh.  The staff is courteous and helpful with suggestions.  The actual meal is delicious, but sometimes I get impatient waiting for the fool in front of me to figure out whether he/she needs two or three carrots and spends two minutes figuring it out when all I want to do is eat!The meat selection is great: seafood, steak, chicken, etc.  Plenty of veggies and sauces.  The trick is to fit as much uncooked food into the bowl.  That is the part I hate.  I usually end of spilling something, or at the very least try to balance the food so it makes it to the cook in one piece.I will gladly recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
2	Went there for Mother's Day. Bad idea. I have eaten at other Mongolian Grills in California that are way better. There is no style in this place. It is nothing fancy. It reminds  me of a burger joint, not a special occasion place. You can order pre made dishes or make your own bowl. Food is cooked fresh. They use too much sodium in some dishes, so watch what you order. When I was there there were no other dinners in the place. They did nothing special for the holiday. Good was OK, but nothing special. It may be OK for a guys night out, but not for Mom.
2	I've reviewed the location at Arrowhead after a no so pleasant experience there. Was in the Paradise Valley area the thought I'd give this location a shot because I was really craving some stir fry. The food, just still ok. Not worth $9.99 per bowl. I do like the selection of protein and veggies. The service was just ok too. I checked in on Yelp to redeem 10% off, showed my server who still forgot to take it off my bill. He did fix it immediately. Also, when we first sat I reviewed the table menu briefly for a drink. While I did that he proceeded to tell me of about 3 or 4 items in the menu (appetizers, dessert, etc) that were no longer available.  Probably a good idea for management to get updated menus (JMO).  My issue is still the price though. I have to be really hungry and not willing to drive elsewhere to spend that kind of moola for just a single bowl of just okay mongolian.
3	The best thing about this place is the different sauces. I wasn't impressed with how the meat is served (turned into something like hamburger on the grill). I also expected an all you can eat experience, trying different combos along the way, but at an extra $5 that makes dinner 14.99 before drinks, not what I expected from a place like this.
4	We have been to this restaurant several times.  I especially like to go on Mondays when they give you double credits for purchased bowls.  The food bar is Always well stocked and the meat and veggies look fresh!!  They also have quite a large selection to chose from.  I also like the sauces!  The servers at this location are friendly and attentive!  We have had great service each time we have been here.  The wok stirrers are friendly too.  My stir-fried bowl is always delivered fresh & hot.We have tried another location of this chain but I would not recommend that one at all.  In fact, the differences between that one and this location is glaring!  If you want good service, good, hot, fresh meat & veggies you won't be disappointed here!  The mgr. is pleasant and helpful and we even attended Trivia here one Sunday evening and had a blast!  Hope they bring that back in the Fall.
1	I wish they had a "0" star option.  #1.  The hostess was visibly sick.  #2.  As we were getting our food, our son dropped some raw chicken onto the counter top.  As we already passed through, my husband stopped me and said, "The girl behind the counter...with gloved hands, scooped up the raw chicken--threw it out--- and then proceeded to refill the vegetables and touched all the handles with the same gloves."  This is clearly a health issue and I will be reporting this establishment to the department of public health.  You don't even need a food service training/card to know that you don't touch raw meat and then touch other stuff without changing gloves and/or washing your hands.  You just have to be outright dumb.    Food poisoning at it's finest!!!   These place needs some better management and training for their employees.  We will not dine here ever again.
5	Now, I've been a YC's fan for years, but, dangit, this is so much better.  The meat is raw and fresh, just like you get at the grocery store.  Every time i've been, the staff has been very helpful and organized.  The veggie selection is out of this world (they have baby corns!) And the sauces are quite creative. This is the spot: healthy, yummy, and they have one of those punch cards.  Love.
4	Pretty darn good, all the ingredients were fresh and tasty! I would say it is a little overpriced. I think it was like $9 for a bowl and $13 for unlimited. I stuffed my bowl to the max and it was more than enough. And I'm a big eater. Disregard the comments about cleanliness, it is very clean. The pussies that are complaining about that probably shouldn't be eating at a Mongolian BBQ joint. Food gets dropped, deal with it. I saw them wipe down the counter like 4 or 5 times while I was there.
3	I have been going to Mongolian BBQ's for a long time.  While this is not the best it is better then the valleys other chain of Mongolian BBQ, YC's.  The selection of meats is great.  I also love that they have tortillas available.  The service and been just OK and this location seems a tight for space.  But we will be returning and enjoying it.
4	I have been to quite a number of Mongolian Barbecue restaurants (ie. Wok Wok, BD's, and YC's just to name a few).  I have found Genghis Grill to be the most user-friendly of all of them.  They have recipe cards along with plenty of options for vegetables, meats, sauces, spices, and starches.  The prices are reasonable with great happy hour specials and occasional discounts (including a sometimes Yelp check-in discount of 10% off).  While I see that some of the reviews on Yelp mention poor customer service, I have been to the Tatum & Cactus location nearly a dozen times, always with exceptional customer service.  In fact, in almost each of these occasions, a manager has stopped by a table, too.  The food itself is very good if you follow the instructions to build your own bowl.  You want enough sauce, spices (including salt and pepper), vegetables, meats (unless you are of course a vegetarian or vegan), and starches.  You can trust that it will be well cooked.  Plus, in addition to making your own food, you can also order from a list of appetizers, desserts, and drinks on the menu.  In fact, often, there are surveys on a receipt that are good for a free appetizer on your next visit.  In addition, you want to sign up for the Khan's Rewards, which give you a free bowl every tenth visit (plus double points on Mondays).
4	Took a buddy to lunch here last month.  Surprised to get there around 11:30 and be the only ones there...  The food was great, as was the service.  Looking forward to my next meal here the next time I pass through Phoenix.
2	I used to go to the one in Tempe all the time so I was pretty excited to find out they had a new one on Cactus by my new house. My experience at this one was just off...- Food station was a mess- Staff was just kind of there, not as upbeat as Tempe- The potatoes I had in my bowl were really hard for some reason.- Not certain, but I think this one might have cost a little more than Tempe.Overall, just didn't have the energy and execution that I was accustomed to.
4	We went there to get a birthday bowl (free, no catch) and everything was very good. Our server (Chris, or Christian I think) took really good care of us.We tried the edamame with garlic and it was awesome...We love Genghis, it is by far the best, and we are glad we don't have to drive all the way to Tempe anymore : )
3	Not the best meal of this style that I've had, but it was ok.  I chose to have fried rice in my bowl, and that may have been where I went wrong. The ingredients I put in the bowl myself were just fine. But the fried rice I got with it...not very good. Mushy, not much taste, overall not appetizing. It reminded me of food that had been left out far too long. My husband chose noodles and said they were good, so that's a plus (though his bowl ended up with one of my baby carrots in it).  Thoroughly mixing my other ingredients into the rice didn't help to cover the old mushy taste. The only other issue was the layout of the ingredients. I had to bend, reach and pretty much look like a fool in order to reach anything in the back row. I was wondering if I was doing something wrong...but the person behind the counters offered no help, so I went on with my contortionist ways. That said, it was all clean, so that was nice. Staff was friendly, if very casual, and I had no problem with the service. I'd go back but I'm never going near the rice again.  I think they should ask whether you want to get another bowl or anything else before bringing you the check though. I didn't want anything else (really, the rice grossed me out), but if I had, I wouldn't have asked for it since I already had the check.
4	Love this place.  Pick up a stainless steel bowl, fill it with your meat, then veggies, then seasonings and sauce.  Bring it to the grill.  Awesome with brown rice as the starch.  They do have gluten free sauces and options.  Healthy as you want to make your dish.They use canola oil (not the best, but much better than soybean oil!).Great place and you make it the way you want it.
2	Nothing special here. A bit overpriced for what you get. Uninspiring waitress service. Food quality was ok, but for the price, I'd go to Eastwind. Getting the right sauces was also a challenge. Ended up ok, but I think you could easily end up either bland, or too spicy.
5	Love me some Genghis Grill.  Always exactly what I want, because I get to pick exactly what I want.  It is flavorful, cooked to perfection and the staff is always great.They always have a pair of chop stick helpers for my little one so she can feel like a chop stick pro.  I highly recommend taking your kids here.  My girl tends to eat more veggies or try new things when she can see it before it is cooked, and see other people trying it too.
4	I love the food, love the staff, love the overall atmosphere. All I ask is for more of a hustle in getting seated. Kind of slow with cleaning off tables. I definitely recommend this place. So good!!!
3	Not too sure about this place for business lunch. Definitely not the quick stop I was looking for but the food was good. I expect a place built for lunch with the grill set up like YC's to be quick, so people can get in & out during the work week. I waited for a while for my waiter to show up to get my drink order, and there was a long line waiting for food. I made it through and sat back down to wait for it to be cooked, but the whole process took much longer than I was prepared for.When I finally got my food it was tasty. So, the food is good, and the service isn't horrible, but the processes just aren't built to get you in & out quickly.
1	Great concept (I love Mongolian grills in general) but it was kind of expensive for the quality.  The rice was overcooked, the fish I chose tasted odd and they don't clean off the grill between cooking so my roommate's food tasted fishy even though she had beef.  Not a huge concern except that she's allergic!  The wait staff was really friendly but I don't think I'll be going back.
4	Really like this place - a variety of meats, seasonings, veggies, sauces, and starches to choose from.  The 3G sauce is my favorite.  Always delicious and satisfying.  The first time I went they really encouraged me to pack my bowl down with stuff to get as much as possible.
5	I have been doing low carb lately and Genghis is like a low carb paradise : )You can get your ingredients and have an awesome bowl, as long as you pick wisely and skip the sauce. Well, that is what I do. I add lots of the garlic water, which they said is only garlic... and... the latest surprise, is they added a 'starch alternative', which is sliced cabbage. So when you get to the grill, you can choose cabbage instead of noodles of rice. I thought that was amazing.Our server was very friendly and I think their goal is for a manager to stop by your table every time. This time we needed sweetener for the iced tea and the manager brought it to us.We are big fans of Genghis and I do not think they make big fuzz about coupons and stuff. They give you a free birthday bowl every year and their loyalty program rocks!
3	Gloppy sugary sweet flavorless anglofied sauces.  Tiny bowl for your food choices.  Intrusive server. Fresh ingredients.  The perfect Mongolian BBQ for Republicans.
3	When I was much younger, one of my absolute favorite things to do was to go to the long-since closed Mongolian BBQ at PV Mall.  It was kind of like a sport to figure out how to jam as much food as humanly possible into that tiny bowl.  Well, it has been at least a decade since I've tried Mongolian BBQ, but it is still as fun as I remember.  I mean, who doesn't like to watch their food sizzle on the grill?I like how Genghis Grill really streamlines the process.  Recipe cards for the newbies (I ignored them and created my own, but I later wished that I had tried one of their creations instead!).  My bowl consisted of sliced beef and pulled pork, cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts, peppers, green onion, and cilantro.  I didn't fill it nearly to the top, thinking that I would order a bottomless bowl and return for a different flavor combination.  However, I ended up being pretty pleased with my original creation and plenty full, so I didn't go back for seconds.  All of the ingredients seemed fresh, and there was a solid assortment of options.  I particularly liked the quantity of sauces provided.  My advice with the sauce - don't use a whole cup unless you really like saucy dishes.  A half-cup was plenty for good flavor and no dips.  I liked the friend rice that I chose as a starch, and the rice noodles that my man ordered were really tasty too. The service was fantastic.  Even though it is a fairly casual restaurant, we had prompt, courteous service, were check on by a manager, and our server had a great sense of humor.
3	This is just an updated review.  My previous review still stands and the stars remain unchanged.  I have been back twice since my first review, and I will say that as long as you stay away from the rice, it's good.  I had the noodles the last two times and have been fairly pleased.  I'm still unimpressed with the contortion that needs to be done to reach ingredients in the back row, and the staff remains fairly uninterested and/or too casual.  I ordered a watermelon lemonade on my last trip and it was foul.  Didn't have any taste of watermelon, and through that nasty flavor I could hardly taste the lemonade.  It tasted medicinal.  I couldn't get through a fourth of it.I'll likely be back, but staying with the safe choices of noodles and soda.
1	I tried this place with my family thinking it would be like YCs. Boy was I wrong!I have three major complaints:1. The meat is not from frozen like at YCs and sits out. This is so disgusting and could seriously make someone ill. What is even worse the whole place smells like fish and makes you nauseated just walking in. 2. The sauces are super thick and sugary. They overpower anything you put in your bowl and ruin your meal. The worst part is that there is no way around this because they are all the same consistency. 3. The fried rice is disgusting. Not only is it too salty, but it has no other flavor.Needless to say, I will never return here.
4	Great place to go, especially with a group since everyone can get something that is ok for their diets.  I have friends with food algeries and this place is fantastic for that!!!
5	been here many times, this is great food at a good price. the people are fun and they have good service. fast cook times as well
5	I've been to this place about 3 different times in the past 2 months and I don't know why the low ratings.  Even though I use the cards to help guide my decision making process, I make it my own and it turns out good or great.  You really can't blame them for a bad taste because you chose the ingredients.  The last time I went they upgraded their system to where you could order from your table and have it brought out to you...however, I like the challenge of stuffing your bowl as high as possible...and then eventually toppling over and apologizing for the mess. Service has been really good, once you get over the chipotle meets a sit down restaurant hybrid feel.  Its almost $9 a bowl, but you get your moneys worth.  I recommend them.
4	For a "semi-fast-food" reataurant, Genghis Grill is pretty darn good. For those who have never been, its a mongolian bowl buffet style place, similar to YC. Yoi stack up a bowl full of meats and veggies and rice/noodles and they grill it for you on a giant grill. Plus they have recently added menu dishes such as Asian tacos, chicken skewers and salads, which I think was a great move. Plus they havr super cheap Happy Hour beer and sake bombs!
1	Don't bother coming to this location. First, they have completely changed the menu.  They don't carry shrimp or scallops any longer.  But the manager feels pork is a good substitute.  Also, they are out of sausage at 7pm on Friday with a 1/2 empty restaurant. According to the manager, "they were just busy" though.  And to top it off, the manager is an argumentative ass when asked about it! IJS
1	I've been to this location twice now and both times have been a disappointment. Last night I go only to find the protein choices for the bowls are already cooked and there are no shrimp or scallops!! I asked my waitress about it and she said she wasn't sure if I knew but that there was a huge world wide shrimp shortage. Imagine the side eye she receive after that. I couldn't even bring my self to create a bowl because there was no way I was going to create it with pre-cooked chicken and pulled pork!!! Btw there were about 4 pork options that in my opinion totally don't go with Asian cuisine! The service was good but I couldn't get over the, what seemed to me to be, money saving tactics at the expense of the integrity of the concept and food of the restaurant. If you liked GG before don't go now...you'll end up pissed as your waitress tells you some BS story about why the menu has changed.
3	awesome service, hands down. i really did love genghis until the whole menu change and switcharoo crap that they just integrated, My wife was really disappointed they took away some of her fav veggies. all the sauces are still the same, you can now choose from 3 different bowl sizes instead of getting just 1. everything tasted really good! there's really not much to complain about except the change. But I do like it here, and frequent often.
4	This was a wonderful place for family dinner night. I love how everyone was able to put whatever they wanted on it. Great waiters. The tables were a little dirty from the previous couple sitting down.  Other than that, was a great experience .
4	I moved here from SF in June and found an ad for this place in the mail once.  It talked about these fresh drinks and delicious Mongolian food.  I've had Mongolian BBQ before and have always been a fan.  I thought I'd give this place a try.I love this place because you can pile in as much food as you possibly can into this bowl.  I got the shredded beef and piled it inside the entire bowl.  Usually people like to put all of the meat in the bowl.  I smushed it into the bowl and created a meat bowl within a bowl to put in chicken pieces.  Then there are the spices.  Put everything in that, then came the vegetables.  Use every vegetable you can find.  And then come the sauces.  Make sure you get more than one cup if you want to optimize your experience.  Use every sauce you can think of.  They cook it for your and you're ready to feast like the great Genghis Khan used to after murdering thousands of people.  YAAAAAA!!!!!!!!
5	I've eaten here several times now, and it's been very good every time.  The selections are good as are the sauces.  They cooked it very well, everyone was very friendly and attentive, and we were in & out in under 45 minutes. The prices are higher than they were, but I think for what you get, it's reasonably priced - and draft beers were $2/$3 - can't beat that.  This is the only one that I've been to, but we will definitely go back.
4	We were greeted as we entered, and sat immediately.  The waitress was nice enough to explain to my fiancee how this restaurant works - 1.) order off of the menu, 2.) pick what you want in your bowl of a listed menu and have them make it for you, or 3.) head on up to the buffet bar and pick all your own items to go into your bowl.We decided to head up to the bar so we could be hands on with our experience. The food looked fresh and it was hard to decide between all the options! Once all your decisions are made (protein, veggie, sauce, etc.) you can take your bowl over to the very large, round grill for the staff to cook it up and brought to your table.Overall: AIf we are over in that area, I'm sure we will be back.
5	First off, I read all the negative reviews about the food not tasting good, too little sauce, the food sits outs. YOU PEOPLE ARE INSANE!!!!11. if you don't like your bowl, pick different things to put in your bowl, if its not enough sauce ask for more sauce, and you don't like that the meat sits out??? even though its over ice (which is tested to make sure its at proper temperature) then ask for the meat in the walk in. all the complaints are retarded cause YOU MAKE YOUR OWN BOWL WITH THE FREEDOM TO DO WHATEVER YOU WANT!!! 'mericaOn a serious note, I personally love love love ghengis grill.I have yet to have a bad server, I love the food and have never had an issue. the manager always comes over to make sure the food tastes good. (hello people if it doesn't, tell them. they will get you something new).It is a little pricey but when your stacking the bowl so high you bring home enough leftovers for a whole new meal then I cant complain. Ghengis is one of my favorite spots for sure.
2	I love mongolian bbq. It's a simple process which is what I really enjoy most about it. But I don't get this place. Their process is super complicated. There are different sizes with different prices, and if you get more than one serving then you pay extra. We were all confused. Even our friends that have gone there before, were confused.You fill out a card, then hand it over once you've gathered all of your ingredients. You hand over your card and sit down. Then they bring your food to you. I feel this removes the whole mongolian bbq experience of watching them cook your food right in front of you. That's one of the reasons that attracts people to mongolian bbq, and they completely got rid of it. And they had super small containers for all the ingredients, which they had to keep refilling. Their whole process just seemed extremely inefficient. And they had have way too many people to work due to this inefficient process. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Granted the food was good and they had different flavored sauces and seasonings, but I don't think I'll be returning.
4	I love this Genghis Grill although I am bummed that they have not had shrimp and they didnt have the wasabi sauce  my last two visits. Will be back again hopefull they will have the wasabi sauce and shirimp.
4	Basically you serve yourself by putting different meats, veggies, spices, and other ingredients in a bowl and then they cook it for you on a giant grill. I took my vegan brother and his wife there since they could just mix vegetables. Decently priced and you can never make the same thing twice. The food kind of tastes like Mongolian bbq.
3	Used to go there and get a bowl and load it up. Now they're monetizing it with three bowl sizes, previous cost is now the small bowl. Waiters are a bit agressive to get their tips.Great food, every time, i like the shreaded beef with brown rice, oh yeah! A bit pricy though, like $15 out the door with tips.
3	I had food here, and I picked out all the ingrediants... lets just say, i shouldn't be a chef.  Our server was ... bad... i think... I am not sure... all they did was offer water... so I wasn't really sure what they expect for a tip, since they didn't do much.... I tipped either way, but still .. thought it was odd.
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =Resisting excellent alternatives right here including Chompie's, Chili's & In-N-Out, I stopped in to this Genghis for the first time, for some tasty BUFFET!     :-)I wasn't crazy about the rather dark inside with glary light pouring in from the windows across the south, but deep within the dining room I was able to land comfortable seating with the glare at my back.One thing great about this Mongolian BBQ today was the BIG selection of 13 meats plus 27 veggies & fruits!  Multiply that by a number of sauce choices (which you could mix together if you like) & you could go a LONG TIME without eating the same thing twice here!For this visit I loaded up my little bowl pressed down hard & piled high with raw white chicken, precooked Cajun Chicken, sliced sausage, sliced beef, shredded beef, marinated sirloin beef cubes, cubed pork, a little Yellow Curry, Cajun & Cayenne seasonings, brocolli, dried red chilis, carrot slices, Green Onion, Baby Corn, mushrooms & lots of Chinese Snow Peas!For sauces this time I went with a half little cup of "Garlic Water", and 1 1/2 little cups of Red Curry Peanut Sauce.  Then I had the chef add in a fresh egg, a serving of spiral pasta, fry it all up, & Wah lah!!  (Photo.)     :-))I'm still a fan of YC's over these guys but I must say that my bowl came out cooked just right, tasting delicious, and the service was friendly.  One could do worse!     :-)Daily Small Bowl Lunch Buffet:  $7.99
3	Things have changed at this location, I usually enjoy shrimp , crab and calamari and they had none of that. I will not visit this location again when visiting Scottsdale like we usually do.
4	I go there often.  They have changed a few things since it first opened.  I see that some other reviews talk of the lack of shrimp.  They used to have it.....but, not any more. SAD!  Oh well. Get the card and you get a free bowl after I think 10.  I always get it go and its always hot when I get home to eat it.  Maybe get rid of the 3 kinds of fish for some shrimp!  That would be a good move!
5	Great food and great value. If create your bowl right, you can end up with 3 meals. I go without rice and end up filling their serving bowl. Love how you control spice.
4	Good food, good looking female servers, our male server was a goofball and very confusing.
5	It was fun. It was easy. It was customized. I had a great time with my daughter.Thanks!
1	Yuck. YC's is SO much better! I mean, who knows how "fresh" that raw meat really is. This was my first visit and I won't be back. It took 30 minutes for 1 reg bowl take-out and the place was Empty. Not impressed. Save your $15 bucks.
4	Good place and good service, the people there are really nice and the food is really good. I will go back soon!
2	This place is sub par. First of all, the staff is only just nice enough to warrant the feeling of welcome. I felt that waiting on us was tolerable and it really reflected in our attitudes back. It wasn't that pleasant an experience. About our food: We got edemame that was over cooked and burned 4 times and each time the girl just apologized and they tried again. We finally told them to stop trying when they offered to remake them a 5th time. Our bowls were all over cooked and soggy like they overcooked it and tried to fix it by adding water, totally ruined the flavors I picked. Half the ingredients were missing from the final product.I would not recommend this place for anything more than 2-3 simple ingredients at lunch time maybe. I won't be back. YC's is 100x better.
2	First time here. Unfortunately I will not be back. Since it was our first time, my husband and I decided to play it safe by ordering the pre made bowls. I got the honey walnut chicken and he got the mandarin orange. Mine was bland, burnt and the veggies raw. I could only eat a few bites. I tried his, and it tasted like frozen orange juice mix. They offered to replace my bowl, but I didn't want anything else. At least the alcohol was good.
3	I had been here once as a non-Yelper and I really liked it. This time I went in with high expectations and was disappointed by the customer service and the "food display". However, I love Mongolian BBQ and really enjoyed the food I got here.Customer Service: We were told once we sat down that they were not serving menu items that night with no explanation of what that meant. We were then asked if we wanted anything to drink without a drink menu or being told what was available. The server seemed to be in a hurry, so my wife and I both went with water. We got a very short and confusing description of how to build our bowls, again she seemed to be in a hurry. We realized once we got up that she wanted to get back to her friends a few tables down so she could sit and talk with them. I hope we didn't interrupt her conversation by wanting to have a pleasant dinner experience at her establishment.On our way to the "food display" I noticed the bartender was scrubbing the bar floor. The middle of dinner time didn't seem like the most opportune time to clean the floors. I was glad I didn't order a drink.The "food display" was a mess and very unappetizing. Once I saw the meats I considered asking my wife if she wanted to leave. Some meats were mislabeled or not labeled at all and some were mixed in with others. The biggest thing was the gross way they were displayed. They need to find a better way to display them. Lots of bowls of raw meat isn't very appetizing. The spices were a bit confusing. The vegetables were poorly cut and disheveled. The girl behind the counter wasn't much help either. I thought they had recipes on the wall that you could follow, if they didn't they need them. If they did, they need to bring them back.Overall, I liked the food, but I had some issues with the way the establishment was organized and run. It seemed a bit pricey for what we got.
2	The first time I came here I was pregnant, and I felt sick afterwards. Not sure if it was because of the food or the baby. Second time I came, I didn't leave feeling much better. Not nauseous, just not happy. The place is just sub par. The meat looked disgusting just sitting there in an ice bath, all coagulated together. The veggies were fresh, but the sauce station was so old and worn that I couldn't read any of the descriptions. Our server was minimally helpful; most of the time she was hanging out with some friends in a booth, and came over once to ask if we wanted water refills. Wait, she didn't ask me if I wanted a water refill, just my husband. Overall I was really let down and will not be coming back.
2	The service was fine. The grilling chef was very nice. I am not difficult to please, but this food was not good at all and the menu is overpriced. Way overpriced. It's a sad day when you go for dinner with your child , order 2 soft drinks, 1 small appetizer, and two meals, pay 50.00+ and leave hungry because the food is terrible.
5	This is my girlfriend and my first time here and honestly we have loved it since we came in great customer service and the food smells amazing one of the best places out here no doubt an A++
5	This place is seriously one of my favorite places to eat. The staff is always friendly and talkative. The mongolian bbq sauce is easily the best thing about their food. I just wish I were a little thinner and wealthier so I could eat it more often.
1	Dirty and unprofessional staff.  My husband and I were going to stop in here for a quick bite but decided to leave because the restaurant was so filthy and the staff was incompetent.  Instead of having the host stand at the front not doing anything have her start to clear the dirty dishes that were on peoples tables or wipe the menus with a cloth... GROSS.
5	Great place! Here's the walk-through!1. Wait to be seated, and when seated, wait for your waiter/waitress to come take your drink order.2. Go up to the line and pick what size bowl you want.3. Fill it with all the best fixings (overtime, you'll strategically start stacking more in the sides and empty spaces of your bowl, as well as seasoning like a freakin chef)4. Pick your sauce (or 2) 5. Now the guy's gonna cook up everything you picked with you're choice of rice or noodle6. The waiter/waitress will bring over your bowl when they are finished.7. Foods here!Gotta go!
1	This location is now closed. Unfortunate. Really enjoyed. Closest is now at Tempe Marketpkace
