2	I have to start out saying this location has only been open for a week and they are having a little opening week issues. We ordered the Mousaka, the Herb Roasted Chicken and the Saganaki appetizer. This restaurant is semi-fast food style and very casual.  You order and pay at the counter and they bring you your food. The saganaki (fire fried cheese) was too wet and not fire burnt.  The fire woudln't light. It seems the way they prepare it here (their other restaurant has been around for about for a few years) seems to be different from all other greek restaurants. My chicken tasted fine, but was too dry. My wife's Mousaka was ok-but not as good as she has had elsewhere.  She has been eating at Greek restaurants for years.  I think the real test is "will we be back?".  Maybe-but we will wait for them to work the 'bugs' out.I feel new businesses should always be given some slack. I would give them 2.5 if I could. Nice touches-the Gluten free and Vegetarian notations on the menu for those that care about those things.
2	I just noticed that this place had opened and did pulled a u-turn to go try it out in the hopes I might get another first review. Once I got in I was a little confused because I didn't realize it wasn't a sit down and order type place. Instead you go up to the counter place your order, take a seat, and your order comes out to you. So I start looking over the menu I see the familiar mediterranean fair, but I notice a difference. They make their hummus and baba ganoush with yogurt. Instant turn off.Despite this I decide to give the place a chance and I order a vegetable skewer and plato's potatoes. Turn's out plato's potatoes is just french fries with another name. I think ate two or three and gave up. The vegetable skewer was pretty decent and actually had a hunk of peach in it, which was a nice twist. Unfortunately that was not enough to make up for everything else.
3	Order up pay and then go grab a seat.  I would recommend the Lamb and some of the others had the pomegranate chicken that got great reviews and also the pumpkin soup.  Some of the other reviewers mentioned the tartness of the hummus, I agree and it was a little runny for hummus.  But the lamb was good, I would recommend the easy style and the food
5	My husband and I love their food.  I am addicted to their pumpkin mushroom bisque, Platos fries and of course-their gyros. Great atmosphere, excellent service and excellent food. I am not sure why they have a low rating. I truly love their food. If you want fancy greek dishes go somewhere else. This is mamaMs kitchen that serves Greek comfort food. I will definitely dine here regularly.Tips: try the tenderloin skewers, lamb gyro, fries, pumpkin soup and their desserts.
4	I had their Spanakopita entree` and it was pretty good but I've had better. It could have been more flakier. Their basmati rice lacked a bit of flavor. The hummus was pretty good, it had more spices than the average hummus and was more thinner. The decor was really nice, modern and felt comfortable. They had granite countertops, which was great. They also have great iced tea. I ordered an Aphrodite Cheesecake and it was delicous, it is a must for people who love cheesecake. I have yet to try their Pumpkin Cheesecake.
2	Blech. Worst. French. Fries. Ever.Frozen, oversalted, pathetic potatoes who surely aspired to a better end than being served up here. Hummos? How can such a delightful thing lack so much flavor?The whole place tastes like cheap ingredients.If you want Mediterranean food, there are far better choices in Vegas. Their old (still current??) location wasn't bad, though it seemed overpriced.Try Amena if you want similarly styled food with extra helpings of tasty!
3	I've been to this restaurant a few times now and everytime the service has been quite good. Really friendly people and fun environment for the most part. In terms of food I've had their traditional gyro, chicken, papous pasta, and falafels. the gyro was good but i'd recommend going w chicken over the lamb/beef and the falafels are always a nice side. Their hummus was decent and their greek salad is very good. Overall the place is pretty decent and there's lots of dishes I have yet to try, but based on the service alone i give it a 3/4!
4	Cheese. No, not on the menu. This whole place. But in a good way.The moment you walk into MGC, you enter a world that seems very similar to "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" or the Mad Greek Cafe in Baker. Lots of Greek decor, and no shortage of Greek music. A great place to be a Greek Geek.Having said all that, this place is a fun spot to grab a nice, delicious dinner with your pals. You order from a counter, and food is brought to your table.Lots of items for those with varied palates. Plenty of vegetarian items, white meat, red meat, seafood, etc. I recommend the appetizer combo (usually the kiss of death at most restaurants due to fried disgusting nothingness). Pita bread, hummus, tabouli, salad, falafel and dolmades (stuffed grape leaves). Share it with friends. Don't be that guy (or girl).Service is good, bathrooms are clean. All these things are important. This place is worth a second, third or fourth visit. Maybe more. I've never tried it, but they are known for their Pomegranate Chicken. I guess this means that I get to go back! Holler.Just make sure you can tolerate the Greeki-ness of the place. I know I can :)
2	Was craving a Greek Salad and some other Mediterranean fare, search Yelp high and low and picked this place try despite the spotty reviews. It is so close to my house I couldn't believe I haven't eaten here before.Was eating alone so I decided to order to go and just chill at home to try out the food. Now I know most people are going to tell me this effects my dinning experience but whatever.. we are talking about the food here.Ordered a Falafel wrap with a side Greek salad. I got it with the Tomato Basil wrap and their yogurt dill sauce. When I got home and started chowing down I was highly disappointed. The salad came with Balsamic dressing, yuck. The lettuce seemed grainy like it wasn't washed, and there was barley any feta cheese. The falafel was ok. I don't know if it was the sauce recipe or just the lack of it but the whole thing tasted really dry to me. Now after all this and being mad that I didn't go somewhere else I still want to go back and try the Combination Platter, and maybe something else. It's a strange reaction but my stomach needs to find a a near by Greek place that reminds of the places back in New York. So I will someday give it another try and maybe I will change my tune. We will see.
2	Does it make sense to say that this is one of those restaurants you go to where everything looks delicious but its missing something? Maybe something like well developed flavor? Is that too harsh a statement?Every time I visit a Greek spot I always order a traditional gyro first. Gyro looked great and was filling, but it wasn't amazing. I would say its a small step above some other mediocre gyros I have had in my life...otherwise nothing special. The yogurt sauce is a yogurt dill sauce-normally I am not a fan of dill, it is too strong an herb for me, but everything was so bland in this gyro I barely tasted the dill! I would have preferred a traditional tzatziki sauce with some feta cheese, alas, no feta...even the chopped up red onions barely had flavor. The boyfriend and I were seriously mystified as to how things can look so good but taste so boring.If you are anything like the people that determined this place was a "best of Vegas" enjoy spending your money on bland Americanized Greek/Mediterranean food...one step above fast food but not close enough to real food, in my opinion. Points for effort!.
4	I had the lamb gyro pita.  Been to many greek restaurants and this was better than most.  Bread was fresh and meat was tasty.  Veggies were also fresh.
2	Great location.  Name, decor, the menu, everything looks to be so promising, yet the food does not live up to it's potential.  I ordered the filet skewer, which was about 12 dollars, and a drink, and the total came to about 15 bucks.  I also asked if I can have the yogurt sauce, thinking it would come with the food, as it's a Greek place and all.  I guess I was wrong, since they charged me fifty cents for it.  The food was delivered to my table fairly quickly, by a charming young man who definitely improves the experience here.  Anyhow, I took a bite of my potatoes and immediately, my face turned blue.  The flavoring was so off, and salty and sour, I was sure the potatoes were stuffed with sour patch kids.  So I shifted my attention to the beef that was on my plate, and it too was again, too salty and sour.  C'mon guys, lemons are pricey these days, quit squeezing five lemons on top of every plate!  I'll stop here while I'm still ahead (alive), because honestly, the owner looked pretty buff and scary.  Enjoy
4	It's clean and fresh flavors so usually we end up going here when we need something fast and just need something that isn't overwhelming.Pomegranate chicken plate is the usual. I rarely get chicken breast anything because it's usually so dry and blah at places. It's juicy and lightly done up with a slightly sweet sauce. I'm surprised this location doesnt get as good reviews as Centennial on the food consistency. So far, we havent had anything off yet, but we normally don't go to this one.  We like how this one has booths which are more comfy than the small setup in the Centennial location. Is it the most authentic food around? Well, no....it's kinda light on the spices that generally I come to expect  distinctively present in Mediterranean fare. It's good food- just not what I come to associate when I want Greek home cooking but what I associate with light and fresh choices if that makes sense.
4	went here for a late lunch with my mother the other day. she has never really ventured into greek food too much so i thought this would be a good choice. she loved it. we shared the greek trio platter so she could get a little taste of a few things. out of all three items we got i loved the pastitsio. i could taste the little hint of nutmeg and cinnamon. i couldnt taste too much eggplant in the mousaka though but it was very cheesy and i liked the sauce on it. we also shared the pumpkin baklava cheesecake. the portion size was huge. we ended up being able to take half of it home. (which was great because we both loved it.) very cripsy bottom with a hint of pumpkin. very rich and creamy. the servers were nice and helpful and i enjoyed being able to watch the cooks prepare our food. i will be coming back here for dinner soon.
4	This place boast "fast fresh mediterranean" and that's exactly what you get! Basically it's your typical Greek food with some different twists. I learned that this place is a family owned and family run restauarnt and you can tell by the quailty of the food and the great service you get when you come. All the flavors are really fresh and flavorful. Some things I recommend:Saganaki: it's literally flamming cheese! They bring it out on an iron skillet and light in on fire table side. Awesome presentation and even more awesome flavors. You eat the cheese with toasted pita bread and it was so delicious!! It's a great appetizer. Pomegrante Chicken: I love it in the Gyros because I can eat it like a sandwich or over-sized taco. The chicken was very juicy and fresh. I couldn't taste the pomegrante flavor very much, but the dill dressing gave it a nice touch. Pumpkin Baklava Cheesecake: can I say AMAZING!?!? If you love cheesecake and if you love anything Pumpkin, this is the perfect dessert for you! The crust is a baklava crust, which basically means it's flakey like a pie crust instead of crumbly like a normal cheesecake crust. So good!Overall, this was a very nice, fresh, and overall very guilt-free meal. Everything was just so healthy (with an exception of the cheesecake) that I wouldn't feel guilty eating here multiple times a week!
4	This establishment took the property in the Lake Mead Plaza that used to be Pei Wei.  They kept the skeleton of the previous restaurant and almost like waving a magic wand, made everything that was formerly Asian... the menu, decor, font... and made it Greek.  Friendly staff.  Clean Bathrooms.  Good food.  Reasonable prices.  The owner is friendly and approachable.The format: Head in, choose off the menu, order, get your number, grab your drink, display the number, and your food arrives shortly.  Make sure you give them a heads up if you'd like your appetizer prior to your main entree as it sometimes arrives all at once.When I visit, I usually drop in and have a Gyro around lunchtime... traditional, with hummus served on it.  Veggies are fresh, the meat slices are nice and hot.  For dinner I enjoy the Greek Trio Platter.  I enjoy the Greek dinner dishes with pasta and the like but sometimes it can be a lot of one flavor.  The Greek Trio platter is a sample of three of their main dishes with a bit of salad.  I also recommend the pomegranate chicken salad, my roommate's favorite on the menu.The saganaki is pretty good, too.  It's not the best I've had, but it's not drowning in oil or greasy.  Love to eat it drenched on pitas.The stuffed grape leaves and the pumpkin soup are also notable as delicious appetizers that I consistently enjoy.I'm honestly not a huge fan of their hummus.  I think it could do with a pinch more flavoring and it's a little too smooth for me.  It works well as a complimentary taste on the pita but solo, not so much.I recognize a few of the songs that they play in the background from My Big Fat Greek Wedding.  See if you notice which ones!  :)
4	I've passed this place numerous times, knew about it, but never tried it. I had a lunch meeting there, so I had no choice but to go -- and I'm so glad I did. I'm a huge fan of the "order & sit" style restaurants when I don't feel like going to an actual restaurant but don't want fast food. I had the Pomegranate Chicken with Basmati Rice, Greek Salad and Pita & Hummus. It was amazing. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is nice and the restaurant is clean. They also have great gluten free and vegan options.I'm going back tomorrow.
5	I've been here several times and they have never disappointed me. I believe this Lake Mead Blvd. location is their first location and now they have another location in Centennial Parkway as well. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their greek salad and their hummus. I have not found a place with better hummus and greek salad yet. I usually order the Spanakopita which consists of spinach, feta & romano cheese, layered and baked in buttery filo pastry(got this from their menu). I also get the Keftedes which are little greek meatballs ;) and it comes with a yogurt dill sauce.
3	I ended up eating at this place by chance.  It happened to be located in the same small plaza as a couple of my other favorite eateries: Panera and Chipotle.  I pulled into the parking lot with the intention of eating at Panera, but because of the small concentration of popular establishments, there was no parking available directly in front of Panera.  So I found myself parked in front of a place called the Market Grille Cafe, advertising Greek and Mediterranean food.  Mmmm, I thought, that sounds good.  And in I went.It's a similar style eatery as Panera.  You order and pay at the counter, and then you take a number and find your own table and sit down to wait for someone to bring you the food.  I liked the fact that Greek music was playing over the speakers.  It provided an authentic feel.If I had not been determined to stick to my vegetarian and fish diet, I would have ordered the herb roasted chicken and potatoes, because that sounds truly awesome, but instead I ordered a veg-a-nini ($6.95) and a small village greek salad ($5.95). The veg-a-nini was served and cut like a miniature pizza on pita bread.  The toppings included spinach-basil pesto, chopped kalamata olives, grilled red onions, and crumbled feta cheese.  It was light and flavorful.The only difference between the regular greek salad and the village greek salad is that the village greek salad contains no romaine lettuce.  I have nothing against romaine lettuce (in fact, I love it), but authentic greek salads don't contain any lettuce, and I thought this would be a rare opportunity to enjoy an authentic greek salad.  Alas, while the ingredients were authentic, the cucumber and tomatoes were served diced rather than sliced and in wedges.  The feta was also crumbled rather than served in chunks or in a large slice atop the salad.  Unfortunately, the way the ingredients are prepared and served changes the experience of the flavors and taste of the dish.  It still tasted good, but not as delicious as an authentic presentation would have been.  If I had known that the tomatoes and cucumber would be diced, I would have ordered the regular greek salad with the romaine lettuce for the same price, although I fear the romaine lettuce might be served shredded.Before I left, I ordered baklava to go.  A generous portion of this sweet nutty dessert is $4.75.  I enjoyed it.Based on the overall menu and my expectations, I really wanted to give this place four stars.  Based on my experience, I can only give it three.
5	This place has excellent food and a casual atmosphere. The falafel appetizer is enough for 3 people to share. My friend really enjoyed the pumpkin-mushroom soup. My favorite is the spanakopita. If you get the entree size it is a lot of food because it comes with some greek salad, basmati herb rice, hummus and pita bread for about $11. The pomegranate chicken is really good, whether you get it alone, in a salad, or in a wrap. The traditional gyro is also really good, and very large. You can get it with yogurt dill sauce (which I recommend) or hummus. The salmon wrap is excellent, and you can choose a spinach or tomato basil wrap (both great). They sell greek beer and wine, but their soda selection isn't that fantastic. I really wish they would get coke zero (they have diet coke). The desserts are gigantic, and the yia yia's cookies are enough to take back to your office or home to share. The pumpkin baklava cheesecake is to die for! Enough for 2. The service is great, you stand in line to order and it's usually short, and then they bring you your food. The staff is very friendly. If you go on their website there is a coupon for 2 glasses of house wine with a $25 purchase! They have a food slideshow going on a TV you can watch if you want to see what some of the food looks like. To sum it up, I highly recommend this place and I go back often! Oh and BONUS! They have a punch card and after you go 10 times you get $10 off your next check.
5	We love this place...great service...great staff and wonderful food.  We discovered this place about 4 months ago and eat here regularely,,,,,,love the soups they have and the souvflaki:)
4	This was my second time coming here and I'm going to have to say, I like it! The first time, I went  with a friend, and we both really enjoyed it. The atmosphere reminded me of my own mother's house! Clean and nicely decorated.  We went around 7pm so it was semi quiet. We ordered at the counter, which is fine with me. The Menus are right there on the wall for you with colorful pictures of the food displayed above. We decided to share and ordered two soups, the gyro stew and lentil soup with 1 lamb and 1 chicken Souvlaki (skewers) platters. We got our drinks and headed for a booth. The soup came to the table almost immediately and both were hot and delicious. Within 6-8 min after that, the Souvlaki's arrived. They came with grilled veggies and the meat was hot and so tender....yum!!! Platters come with rice, chopped greek salad, a side of hummus and soft pita bread. We were asked at least 4 times how we were doing. It may sound like overkill, but you never know when you might need something and they seem to try to keep you seated so your not having to wonder around and keep you happy enough that you aren't waving someone down. All you have to do for yourself is get your drink! We also decided that we were just a tad bit still hungry and ordered the kalamata and cheese. It was all so perfect!!! Very pleased. I, then, went for lunch with my brother and mother. Let the shinanagins begin. My family is pretty particular. We got in and I proceed to direct them through the menu and made suggestions and took charge of ordering (it's better that way! Trust me!) We got the falafal gyro, the traditional gyro (lamb/beef combo meat) platters and a greek salad with chicken. We sat down and in about 5 minutes our food came out. DELICIOUS!!! Our only complaint was that we aren't 'chopped salad' fans. Funny how I only notice this with my family!!! My brother quickly returned his salad and, almost as quick, got a chicken gyro. DELICIOUS!!! Great prices, fast, great service, great food, and clean!!! What more could ask for??? OPA!
4	Market Grille Cafe is a great place to get Mediterranean food at a decent price.  I've been here many times and have tried plenty of desserts, loads of hummus, and....... the pomegranate chicken.  Love their basmati rice, love the chicken, love everything I've had.  The prices are affordable, the atmosphere works hard to be authentic, and the service is good.  4 stars instead of 5?  Doesn't stand out.  Never do I crave it.  It's one of those options where I'm really starving.. it's in the area... I've had a hot dog earlier... want something healthy now... instead of the In and Out... hey!  Market Grille Cafe!
3	Pomegranate chicken salad is way too sweet. We also had Baked chicken which was terribly dry. The hummus is meh. and it's expensive...but all in all it doesn't feel like we'll never try it again. It really seems to have potential.
3	I have been to Market Grille Cafe a couple of times. It is kind of a fast casual Greek restaurant. The food is decent but not great. The last time we were there I got a gyro and my wife got the appetizer combo. I found the food to be a bit salty. However, things have been tasting salty to me lately, so maybe it's just me. My wife didn't think the food was too salty. The appetizer combo had a nice variety of items such as dolmens, falafel, and hummus.
5	This 5 star rating trend is seriously giving off the impression that I "like" or "love" everything I consume.  Not true, and I can be brutally honest when needs be.  I just so happen to be frequenting some really delish joints as of late.  Love the ambiance of Market Grille Cafe.  Not too hoity-toity, yet not ultra casual either.  The woman taking my order was engaging and I asked her why the business had not ventured to the other side of town.  She reassured me that there was something in the works (hold tight East-siders!).  I ordered the Lunch Special Traditional Gyro which comes with a bottle of water or fountain drink for $7.50.  I never thought I would experience a gyro which was comparable to the gyros in my college town.  Call it college town elitism, but their gyros were seriously sensational.  I think those gyros have finally met their match.  The lamb meat mixture at Market Grille wasn't overly salty which I have found to be the case at Gyro Time.  The tzatziki sauce, oh the tzatziki sauce (they don't actually refer to their sauce as tzatziki but rather yogurt dill), was perfectly seasoned, just the right amount of dill as to not overpower the flavor of the lamb.  The gyro featured vegetables such as onions, cucumber, and lettuce.  They don't skimp on the meat and one gyro is enough for lunch.  I appreciated the less than 10 minute wait for my food considering how ravenous I was.  Can't wait for them to open a restaurant closer to home.  Thanks for a great meal!    Bonus: The Cupcakery is just a few stores down.  In my opinion, a Southern Bell cupcake is the perfect way to finish up any meal.
5	Great restaurant.  The place is kinda a hybrid between full service sit down restaurant and fast food, but it's pulled off nicely.  I do so love their Gryo salads and Gyro platters, they are huge and bring a smile to my face.  The Gyros are definitely the best in the area.  If you tip the wait staff they yell "Opa!", although the first time they did it felt like I was going to get into the Greek version of "thunderdome".  The food is a little on the pricey side but its delicious so I won't complaint.  Last time I was their I saw they have some kind of flaming cheese appetizer.  My inner pyro maniac is dying to try this dish, so I will definitely be heading back there.
3	This place is OK.   I have had much better Greek and Mediterranean food here in town, but the location and the price will keep me coming back on a regular basis.  They regularly offer a 15% OFF coupon in the local VIEW newspaper, so keep an eye out.i like that they have vegetarian and gluten free options.  This allows my entire family the chance to all agree on one place to eat out.  I like their hummus. Their falafel is/are excellent. Their lemon rice soup is very good, and so are their Greek fries.  Their Veginini is just OK, not quite worth what they're charging for it.  Their traditional gyro is very interesting.  Their sauce is made with dill, not cucumber.  That's good, because I HATE cucumber.  But I love gyros so much, I will tolerate it in the gyro sauce.  Don't have to worry about that here.  Only problem with their gyro is that the meat is always very dry.  The only thing I can figure is that not enough people order the gyro, so the meat dries out on the rotisserie, maybe?  But hey, slather enough sauce on it, and everything's OK.  :)They keep the place clean.  The staff are friendly (and busy!).  The line moves well, and the wait for your food is short.  It's sometimes tough to find a parking spot during lunch time, but that's due to a few other restaurants being in the same shopping center.
4	Wow...a great selection of items with a fresh taste, and good prices.  It doesn't get much better than than!?  Was going to dinner with my sister and we just decided to stop by here and give it a try.  I have an amazing wrap that was served with Greek salad on the side, and I also ordered a side of cannoli's.  I've better cannoli, so I would probably skip those next time, but the wrap - Yum!!  She has a salad, and said it was really good, filling, but still light.  The restaurant itself it really clean and they have some music playing low in the background; nice atmosphere.
5	Food is fabulous.  I usually go with the gyro platter or gyro salad.  Only down-side is they are closed on Sundays so the family can rest. The food is also priced great for the portion and taste.  Never had a bad experience here.  Love it.
5	Opa!Best gyro I ever had. My wife's pomegranate chicken was excellent.  We bought Aphrodite's cheesecake and baklava to bring home, and they were also excellent with the noticeable taste of cinnamon, the baklava more cinnamony than honey-flavored.   The wait staff is well-trained and highly motivated.  The young woman who served our table was beautiful with a highly cute personality.  You would attack Troy for her.  She was much better on the eyes than was Aphrodite's cheesecake.  Oh, and they've won the Best of Las Vegas poll three years running.10% military discount and I very much appreciate that.
4	Been coming here for the past couple months since I moved into the neighborhood. Overall food is a good deal for the price. Everything is fresh and good quality. Chicken skewers can be quite dry, so I would opt for the roasted chicken entree or the pomegranate chicken. Seems that a lot of people on here are complaining about the sauces. Every Mediterranean restaurant has their own style, so if you are expecting humus like you buy in the store, then don't. Yes, their humus is a bit less thick than what most are used to, and their satziki sauce has a lot of garlic. But everything is homemade! Try telling your mom to modify her family recipe to match a store brand. Psh!One of the staff forgot to include part of my order when I came to collect it, but they redeemed themselves by being overly apologetic and giving me a box of free cookies. Also, they have a rewards card as well. I'm a fan of any place that does this!
1	I may not be an expert on greek food, but I know the difference between a great gyro and a gyro I would not want to eat again. There's an array of Mediterranean restaurants within miles that are much much more impressive. The meat in the gyro seems like a very poor version of pressed lamb and beef. You are probably better of picking up frozen gyro meat from the local grocery store and making your own.I'm used to gyros being served with tzatziki sauce, here it's served with a "yogurt dill" sauce which is a nice twist, it just doesn't make up for the poor quality of meat. My wife got the pomegranate chicken, and I have to admit, it seemed like it had been marinated and poached in POM juice. It was overly sweet without any depth or any presence of seasoning.   Pros: Friendly staff, reasonable pricesCons: Poor quality meat, not alot of flavor, hummus was just blah. Overall: I will not be returning to Market Grille Cafe for any reason.
5	My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I usually visit the location in Centennial Center. The place is small, family run and the food is DELICIOUS! I recommend the pomegranate chicken! Yum!
3	Had chicken skewer platter from here, rice was perfect. good meal. will bring husband when they move to new location on durango in oct
4	I like this place. Solid Greek menu with a nice cafe setting. Friendly staff and tasty tasty goodness, you should check it out for lunch or a decent dinner if you are in the area.  Definitely filling!
5	Hmmm how to put this... Delicious. The menu is easy to read and the servers are happy to explain the different options. I went with the Lamb and beef gyro on pita bread. You also have options for your pita bread of wheat and some other options. The Lamb and beef were fresh, the dill sauce was refreshing and wasn't overpowering. And they packed in the meat. The hummus was great and on par with other establishments. A little weird that you order then they bring it to you. Would be better if you ordered at your table.Ohhh the desserts. I went with Aphrodite's cheesecake. It was huge with a baklava crust. Damn a great combination and delicious.
5	Love everything about this restaurant. Freshest food ever!!
5	I really love this place, in part because its so close to my house.  But the other reason is that their menu is full of healthy food options, and also tastes very good.  I have had amazingly fantastic home made Greek food, and to be quite honest, nothing compares to that.  However, if you are looking for a sit down restaurant with very good Mediterranean food, this is the spot.  It also has a friendly neighborhood atmosphere with very nice employees.  The price is definitely fair, and as it happens if you are an LVAC member you get a 20% discount.  Which works quite well, because as I said, they have some good healthy home made style options, that are really quite fresh tasting.  Of course, just like any similar restaurant they have all of the high calorie options too, but even those taste like they use very high quality ingredients.
4	I'm actually middle eastern and this place lives up to my standards lol. Their lintil soup is delicious along with the other long list of things that I've tried here... ooh if they still have it definitely get their pumpkin cheescake baklava (i posted a pic), it is to DIE FOR!
5	We saw an ad on the TV at Las Vegas Athletic Club offering a discount for members and thought we would give this place a try.  Went on a Sunday only to find out they were closed.  (I think they are now open again on Sundays)We tried again at about 5:00pm on a week day and loved everything. A funny combination of servers and self-serve.  The servers were all very helpful and nice.  We found no problem with the prices and with the discount for gym members, you can pay for your gym membership with the money you can save if you eat there a few times a month.Wine price was very reasonable and the decor was simple but warm and friendly.  We had a very good first time experience and will be back again.
4	I have to be honest, I was not planning on going here today. My family wanted to go to Panerra, but there was a line out the door, so I suggested we walk next door and check out Market Grill Cafe. I am so glad we did.I've always been a fan of Greek food. This place is as good as any other place in town. I had the traditional gyro while the wife had a chicken gyro and the kid had a chicken kabob. All of them were outstanding. Combine that with good service and this is great place to go.
3	I stopped by here for a quick lunch on a Sunday. When you walk in you will find the menu on the wall on the left side. I was greeted by a friendly server at the cash register. I went with the Chicken gyro platter & drink which was $14.40. The price seems expensive to me for what you get with the meal. I thought the chicken gyro was a little short on the chicken and had too much lettuce. I'm used to going to places where there is so much chicken in the gyro that it is constantly falling out while eating your meal. The taste of the gyro was very good but disappointing from the lack of chicken. The platter includes a side Greek salad and rice. I especially liked the added touch of small pieces of grape leaves mixed into the rice. The drink fountain has several choices of sodas and two different freshly made iced tea options.The restaurant was very clean. There was a constant stream of friendly employees walking to by your table to make sure everything was okay.I would recommend this place for a quick meal. I'll give it another shot in the future to see if there is other meals that offer better value.
3	Got the traditional Gyro and chicken skewer plate.  I'd go for the Gyro over the skewer but both were pretty decent.  Not a fan of their hummus and the Greek salad was just ok.  Rice was good though.
5	The best restaurant in town. I am at a loss trying to understand the poor reviews of this place. Fantastic atmosphere, incredibly friendly staff, loved the tv's over the menus that helped with selection, food came fast but was also fresh. The gyros had tons of meat, they did not skimp. I had the combination platter on which everything was amazing. The food I had here was a thousand times better than the food I had in Greece. There is not only thing I would have changed about this place. I will continue to eat here and will definitely recommend it to anyone looking for Greek food or just a great place. Also, I am a bit of a sanitation freak and the place was spotless.
5	We take our loyalty card in every 3 weeks or so because we are addicted to the gyro and combination platter. We mean to try the other items but the monkey is on our back and we have to get these two items. We fantasize about handing them the menu and saying "yes." The gyro overflows with meat and all platters come with a salad and rice both surprisingly special.ambiance is super fun.reliably perfect every time. not open sundays whimper.....
4	I love their pomegranate chicken! It has a delectable taste if you are a fan of sweet meats. It went nicely with the salad and hummus! I also ordered the spanakopita which I would pass on. Honestly go to Smiths frozen food section and you will find some tastier ones.I'm not a fan of the set up. You have to order and pay first (Carl's Jr. Style). The problem with this is that you may under order. I wanted to try dessert after my meal but I didn't want to go through the line and use my debit card again. I don't like to order my dessert before I have my meal because I'm not sure how I will feel after. I think it would be nicer as a sit down restaurant.
4	Delicious, fresh Greek food!  So far, the best Greek I've had in Vegas.  The decor, the food, the service...awesome.  I wanted to order everything on the menu, but finally decided on the combination platter, an app platter with hummus, baba ganoush, dolmades, Greek salad, tabbouleh, and pita bread.  Sooo good!!  Even though it'll be hard, save room for dessert.  You won't be disappointed...
5	The food here is always great and they are always quick to give you your order.I'll always keep coming back!
3	Was still trying to kick my Chinese craving, but the wifey doesn't like Chinese so she suggested this place. Was a nice looking dining room and seemed like a good atmosphere, however we got our meal to-go. We ordered a felafel appetizer, stuffed green peppers and grilled chicken breast with some sort of glaze, pomegranate I think. The felafel were a nice size, but too dry and too spicy. The stuffed peppers didn't look too nice, but we did get it to-go. Didn't taste too bad, and the bed of rice it came with was pretty good. Came with a small salad as well that had a tasty balsamic vinaigrette. Downside is the side of dressing was in a thimble-sized cup. I didn't know they made sauce cups that small. The chicken was interesting. At first it tasted like Chinese BBQ, but then an overly sweet taste kicked in. Still not sure how much I liked it. It WAS different. Should have just got a gyro(jirow. Not geerow or eerow dammit!). I will get that next time cause I'm sure I'll be back.
5	This place is one of my favorites. The owner of the business has come by several times to see how things were, and is a very nice guy. This business is family owned. The food is wonderful! I have ordered just about everything off of the menu and haven't had a bad apple yet. The Spanikopita is one of the best I've had, and the rice and hummus that accompany most dishes are delicious! If you order the entree, there is easily enough food to make a second meal out of leftovers! The decor/atmosphere is fun and relaxing - a great venue for family meals or casual lunch with friends. They serve alcohol and their prices are pretty good. What more could you ask for? ....oh, perhaps a vegetarian/vegan/gluten free menu... yep, they have that too!
3	It's good, but not amazing.I wandered into this restaurant after seeing their sign on my way to chipotle. I figured I eat at chipotle enough, so maybe I should try something new.The first thing that struck me was the prices. I really wanted to spring for a kebab meal, but instead i went for their more economical lunch special. For 7.50 you can get your choice of traditional or chicken gyro, pomegranate chicken salad, or falafel appetizer with a soda. I sprung for the traditional gyro and soda.It was pretty good. The meat was yummy, but wasn't browned at all. It was as if they sliced it right off the spit and put it on my pita. Still good though. I loved their hummus  and their pitas were very tasty and fresh as well.Service was friendly too. A+ for the people working there!Overall, I had a good experience. I can't say I was wowed though. I've definitely had much better mediterranean food, but if you're looking for quick lunch at an economical price, i would suggest this place.
5	AMAZING BEYOND WORDS.... I will admit that it has taken me longer than it should have to eat at the Market Grille Cafe, and I am sorry it took so long.  Describing the food as incredible just does not do it enough justice.  There are very few places that I have eaten at over my 40+ years that serve food that has so much depth of flavor.  I started with the pumpkin mushroom soup and honestly, I could have just eaten that all day long.  Quite possibly the best soup I have ever had.  I then moved into the entree where I had the pomogranate chicken and it about knocked me out of my chair.  The chicken was so tender, moist and the flavor was intoxicating.  I honestly could have eaten like 10 chicken breasts cooked this way.  Wow, what an amazing treat.  Then to finish off the experience I had the baklava cheesecake.  I was told that this dessert won an award at a food competition and I do not doubt it at all.  It was as lucious as it gets.  What an amazing way to finish.  The experience was basically a food orgasm.  The Market Grille Cafe is a family owned business with two locations in town and the service and hospitality of ALL of the people that work there is just as impressive as the food.  The MGC has it all, atmosphere, hospitality, and most importantly incredible food.  If that was not enough the prices for the food are as economically friendly as it can be.  The MGC is very wallet friendly.  I do not know how they do it for so little but they do. I spend just as much or more for fast food and do not get anything close to this in quality.  I am a huge Gyro fan so my next visit I am definitely going to try one.  I saw someone else having one and asked how it was and they said it was outstanding and the best they ever had.  I cannot say I am surprised.  I urge all of my Yelpers out there to visit the Market Grille Cafe and enjoy the same amazing experience I had.  Run, don't walk and get yourself into the Market Grille Cafe.
3	Really good food.  And yes it is like Pei Wei.  I just wasn't  overlly empressed with the staff.
3	Like I said in a previous post.. I compare all my greek to Stephano's and Market Grille Cafe just doesn't add up completely. Don't get me wrong the food is good and the desserts even better. But the food portion price combo just doesn't fit the bill... haha see what I did there.
5	Iam not a greed food fan, but GF is. When I tried the food I was hooked, go just once and you will love it. been back 4 times in 3 months already.
5	Since the first time my husband and I stepped foot inside this restaurant, we fell in love! Their gyro  pizza was amazing! So were their fries and pomegranate chicken meal, I always order the same thing when we go in, their cannoli's weren't all that great, the filling was just blah! Food tastes much better when the restaurant isn't packed, maybe because they're in a rush, on the plus side, if you're a LVAC member, you get a discount when you show them your card, if you're ever in the neighborhood, give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
2	I was very surprised by my lamb gyro. It tasted completely unseasoned- even bereft of salt. Maybe I'm spoiled by having already tasted the best gyro in the world (from Cleveland's West Side Market), but I expected a full flavor experience here.  I think I was fooled by the care that went into the design of the restaurant, which gives it a faux-cultural flare. Unfortunately, there was not even faux flare in my gyro.  Boo!(A tip for those who do like this place: check in to Yelp BEFORE you order- you may get a coupon!)
4	Was headed to panera bread and noticed this place in the same small mall area. Great service and awesome food. The pitas, hummus, chicken gyro and appetizer plate were incredible. Everything was fresh and delicious! . Will eat here each time in Vegas!
4	Excellent food, great services and the Pumpkin Cheesecake is to DIE for!  Heading back tonight, I can taste the Gyro now . . .
5	Market Grille Cafe is the reason I fell in love with Mediterranean/Greek food. The food is consistently delicious and truly represents a restaurant that serves its customers in the same way I imagine they would serve food to their family.  Here is a list of some of my favorite eats at MGC:Combination Appetizer Platter: Includes hummus, pita bread, mediterranean salad, dolmades, satziki, tabouli, and babaganoush. Can be ordered as appetizer to share and commonly ordered as a meal for individuals. It's hearty, diverse in flavor and texture, and just delicious. Dolmades: Stuffed grape leaves. I have yet to find any other Greek/Mediterranean joint that makes them as excellent as MGC does. Here you have a choice of vegetarian or with meat. Both are fantastic.Falafels: This is yet another thing that MGC cooks extraordinarily well that has yet to be matched in quality by any other place. Crispy on the outside yet moist and bready on the inside - it's like a Greek hush puppy but better. An excellent meaty substitute for non-meat eaters. Also not to miss: Mousaka, Stuffed Tomatoes, Stuffed Green Peppers, all of their grilled skewers (my personal favorite is the salmon). Still making my way through their entire menu but unfortunately for me, MGC is clear across town. Nonetheless, we still make the trek when the craving for Greek food arises. We met one of the owners by chance during one visit, and pleaded with her and her husband to open another location in the South Las Vegas/Henderson area. In a town that offers every possible type of food and hosts a number of world-renowned culinary venues, Market Grille Cafe easily sits in the top 5 of my list of favorite Las Vegas restaurants.
4	I don't live on this side of town, and my girlfriend has recently gone gluten-free. This place popped up. So we tried it.The girl that helped us was genuinely pleasant and explained their system well. The service was great.There is a lot of variation in Mediterranean cuisine, even if the general items are the same. I found this place to be as described (Greek), which is not always the case for Mediterranean restaurants.I got their gyro. Very good. My girlfriend got the Spanankopita, which she loved. She tried their pumpkin soup, and loved that as well. Their hummus tends to the garlicky side, which I like. I was not too impressed with the flavor and texture of the pita wedges that come with the hummus. I prefer the bread to be in larger pieces and less grilled. I'm not too sure about the tv screens showing pictures of food. That seemed a little weird to me. Overall a good experience, and we want to return when we are on that side of town again.
4	Salmon kabob the best thing on the menu. Other than the potato thingy with dipping sauce like dill pickles. So good.  Salads are great. Love the pumpkin cheesecake here too.  If this place was a sit down restaurant then I'd give it a 5.
2	I don't quiet understand all the good reviews for this place. If I could divide this review into two different categories of service and food, I would. I would give 4 stars to service. I went there for the first time and didn't know the menu. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and helped me pick something out of the menu. They had a lunch special but somehow we ended up paying way too much for just lunch. And that brings us to the second category: Food. I'm not sure if this place is listed as Greek/ Mediterranean food; but if you have ever had authentic Mediterranean food, you would know that the tzatziki is a Greek yogurt sauce with tons of garlic. They call theirs "dill sauce" and it was yogurt with dill, no spices, no garlic, no flavor. Hubby and  I ordered the gyros, which was also too dry and without any flavor. Last but not least, the desert... We ordered a baklava. First of all, the piece they sell you is huge and they charge about $5. There is no way anyone would be able to finish that piece by themselves and if they could, well, then they should reconsider their dietary choices. Second of all, if you have ever had baklava before then you would know that it shouldn't taste like you are licking cinnamon's butt hole. Excuse my language but there was so much cinnamon and sugar in that piece of baklava that hubby and I both almost chocked on our first and the only bite. My recommendation: This place needs a serious revision of the menu. They should either stick with the Greek/ Mediterranean theme and learn how to make those dishes, or change their menu completely. Also, if you are looking for a more authentic taste of the Mediterranean cuisine, you might want to try Stephanos' or Baladie Cafe (my favorite).
4	My fave is the greek salad topped with gyro meat.  Free DIY refills on fountain drinks.  Our group of friends like to eat here whenever we're up North, because you order at the counter, the self-seat dining area is comfortable, they bring the food, and then leave you alone to chill and talk as long as you want.  Other places would hassle you for wanting separate checks, and give you the stink-eye for hanging out long after your meal.  We're making room for dessert!  ;-)
4	I keep coming back to this place. Great Food, Decent prices,  Vibrant Atmosphere.For some reason I can't get the hang of the ordering system though. They have so many menu items that I want to sit down at a table and look over the menu, but you have to order up at the front and then sit down. Similar to panera bread or Jasons Deli. But this place feels like more of a restaurant. and I wanna peruse a menu Darn it!However The food is really good so I can put my own weird preferences aside. I've had their moussaka, seasoned fries, hummus plate and creamy cilantro soup and Ive loved all of it. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. The atmosphere is great, the colors and music, and light, the open style kitchen so you can see the cooks at work. Its awesome.   The best part is leaving a tip, everyone has to yell OPA!
3	Always in the fight, but never a champion.The Market Grill has a ton of good/safe options.  I come here regularly for lunch, and there are so many items that I can order and be content with.  The problem is that I never say to myself, "Man, I'm really in the mood for _______ from Market Grill."   They will do in a pinch...and then some.  Plus, they often have a solid Yelp Check-in Offer or some other program going on.I avoid the hummus here, but regularly take part in Gyros, Salads, Wraps, and Combo Plates.  I would give out 3 or 3.5 stars just on the food.  The service is always on though, they are accommodating here, and it is always clean...even during the lunch rush...so I settle at 4 stars.Not authentic Greek or Mediterranean.  Certainly not my favorite for either, but one I frequent because it's convenient, I know what I'll get, and I appreciate friendly service.
4	We were able to make it back to Market Grille Cafe!   They have reasonably priced food with great flavor! I ordered the Lamb Souvlaki :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/market-grille-cafe-las-vegas-2?select=4Ed3hSUDwl8zGFTs-J6d-w#DFhsDHCaP9FPXyGf8uaqRwWhich is marinated and grilled, and sitting on Basmati rice, greek salad, Yogurt Dill sauce, and pita bread. Everything was yummy here, especially the Lamb which was not gammy at all, and packed with flavor!  I actually ate most of the salad too, even though i don't really eat lettuce.Also tried the Filet Tenderloin :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/market-grille-cafe-las-vegas-2?select=4Ed3hSUDwl8zGFTs-J6d-w#uD-65l9o86fQRrA16IkBhQWhich is also marinated and grilled, sitting on Basmati rice, greek salad, humus and pita bread. Pretty yummy too, but I really recommend the Lamb here!  I think it was cooked medium, and had plenty of juices inside.Also, don't forget to "check in" on Yelp for 20% off your order! Enjoy!
4	I just finished my lunch here and I think I may have a new Greek place to go to. I have wanted to try this place out for a while, but never had the chance. Luckily today I remedied that problem. The cafe itself is so cutely decorated and homey feeling. The menu is quite diverse and seems to have everything I have ever heard of in Greek food. I had a traditional gyro and was quite pleased. You can ask for the yogurt and hummus on the side, so you can try both options. Both are yummy and I don't think I could decide which was better, so the option to get both is great!  My daughter got the cheesy pita and ate almost the whole thing. This is a big deal because she usually eats one bite and is done. So I think that is another point for this place. I also felt very welcomed here as well. The staff is friendly and helpful. The manager stopped by my table several times to check on us, as well as chat a bit. It really feels like a neighborhood joint. I like this place! Go check it out when you have a minute.
5	My sister & bro. in law brought us to this restaurant. He recommended ordering the Pomegranate Chicken plate so I did. The marinate & the texture of the chicken is so delicious! We also ordered the Saganaki a Greek imported cheese it is so good! My 8 year old daughter could not stop eating it. A very friendly staff & clean. Thank you for satisfying our tummy. We surely come back to this place when we do come back to LV.
5	Came here for lunch today, so good! They are fast, delicious and great value! My boyfriend and I both ordered traditional gyros w/ the yogurt dill sauce & added the platter that includes hummus and pita bread, rice and salad. Everything was so delicious! We have already planned out what we will order next time we come here. Recommend!
5	GREAT MEDITERRANEAN FOOD!!!!!!  anything, ANYTHING i've gotten there has always been great!  Whether i call for pickup or eat there, great portions, lovely flavor.....all this talk of it i'm about to go NOW
2	Sweet staff. Food was so mediocre. It tasted as if it had just been microwaved, but could use another minute. Dry. I won't be back. Not sure why people love this food. Again, nice people.
4	Reasonably priced and great food. Definitely worth a trip to check it out.
5	I am never disappointed here. The food is plentiful, flavorful, and delicious! The service is always with a smile.  Their gyros are tender and the salads here are dressed just right. Save room for dessert! The cheesecake is made with a baklava crust and is to die for.
5	Best greek food I have had in Vegas so far.  Great service and clean environment. Started with the appetizer sampler plate.  Falafel, greek salad, baba ganoush, hummus, and dolmades. The stuffed grape leaves were good.  The inside had so much flavor. The hummus was kinda runny and wasn't that great.  The salad is a salad, not much to say there.  The falafel and the baba ganoush were fantastic.  The falafel was so good.  Not dry whatsoever.  The baba ganoush had a lot of flavor as well.  Great eggplant flavor. My wife ordered the lamb souvlaki entree. It came with rice and a vegetable skewer.  The rice was okay. The vegetable skewer had a great char on it and a great marinade.  The lamb was excellent.  So flavorful and had a nice lamb taste.  I ordered the entree sampler with spanakopita, moussaka, and a macaroni pie.  The pie was forgettable, but still had some flavor.  The moussaka was very cheesy and the eggplant and tomato sauce was fantastic.  The spanakopita was the best part of the meal.  The phyllo dough was baked to a nice brown color and the spinach inside was so good. It had the right amount of feta cheese to flavor the spinach. This place is a must try.  If your looking for good greek food, you just found it.
4	Had the pomegranite chicken and a gyro, both were very, very good, but the best thing there was the pumpkin baklava cheescake! it is a must have!
3	So I went back again after probably 3 years, due to a hankering for Greek food since I was in the area. This time, I ordered their Spanakopita to see if the recipe has changed. The presentation was exactly the same but this time, it tasted great! The pastry was flaky and it had the right amount of saltiness. It looked kind of like a spinach lasagna. It was over a bed of rice pilaf. I did not care for the rice, it was lacking flavor and moisture. I also ordered their pumpkin cheesecake. Way too sweet. Even sweeter than the ones I order at the Cheesecake Factory. I would say 3.5 stars this time around.
4	Would definitely go back.  The chicken gyro was fresh, tasty, and the falafel and salad was the icing on the cake.  Service was quick (I did take out), and helpful.  I think it was pretty obvious that it was my first time in there.  Docking a star because it was a little pricey, but I would say it's worth a shot.  Also, they take good pride in their hummus (it was tastey), but doesn't need to overpower the chicken!Check it out though!Cheers,Jared
2	I got the spanokopita entree. It comes with herbed basmati rice, hummus, greek salad and spinach pie. Everything on my plate besides the hummus did not taste good. The spanokopita isnt fresh. The filo dough which is supposed to be crispy was soft and mushy almost like it was premade yesterday and reheated. Even the basmati rice had a strange flavor and texture of instant rice. The tzaziki sauce like another reviewer said tasted only of dill. This is my 2nd time trying this place since I wanted to give them another chance and both times have disappointed me. I don't understand how this place is voted 'Best of Las Vegas' 5 years in a row. Again as stated in another review, try Yassou on West Charleston. The owner is Greek and the food is authentic. Also another good place is The Great Greek Grill in Henderson. I will never come here again.
1	Here's the problem: the meal was tasty, the staff and service nice as well. But my wife and got got wicked sick from the food. My bathroom time for the next 3 days was as liquified as the hummus and looked just like the babaganoug. I hate to spend time and money on food that makes me unable to eat anything for days after!I liked the cafe style setup. Why not? Order at the front, get your cup and wait for the food to be delivered. The staff was helpful, the ambiance kitchy but it is a greek place so I should have expected crappy murals of the Parthenon and fake grapevines.We ordered the mezza platter and the traditional gyro. The platter came with hummus, baba, romaine salad, falafel and grape leaves (we ordered 2 hot with lamb and 1 gold veggie.) All in all the apps were ok. I make way better hummus at home. Their's was VERY loose. Too much water, overpowered by garlic as well. The babaganoug lacked any smokiness. I wonder if they grilled the eggplant? it almost tasted canned.The rest was ok. Salad was sloppy, the grapeleaves good and the falafel nice and crispy. The toasted pita tasted fresh too.The gyro was an inyourface suckerpunch of greek flavors. Very high in sodium, but went down well with a side of extra tzaziki. I like gyros but often get tired of too much going on in the meat. it was bordering on over seasoned/oversalted. Maybe it's just me.The manager and staff came by to offer refills, check on the food, and clear the plates. They were all very nice.Then the thunder struck. Both of us got hit hard at the same time in 2 separate locations. Poor Sarie was at WORK when she felt the bubble guts! I at least was at home and could sit on the pot for an hour. The next three days were very sketchy for me on my motorcycle. Lets just say there were more than a few unscheduled stops on my routes to look for a bathroom.I'm gonna take a while before I try this place again. Maybe next time get everything cooked extra well done and stay away from the cold apps and fresh veggies/fruit.
5	Amazing Gyro, and pasta. Carefully prepared food. Extremely fresh and full of flavor. Generous portion sizes. Extensive food and beverage menu!
2	I was really unimpressed by the quality of the food, especially for the price! It wasn't bad, but not somewhere I'll be going again.
5	Excellent service, delicious food, and reasonable prices!! A new favorite of mine :)
5	If you are looking for authentic Mediterranean/ Greek food this is the place for you. I come here almost every weekend and am never disappointed. I usually stick to the chicken skewers with hummus and the pomegranate chicken wrap. Both are fantastic. Don't skip dessert!! The pumpkin baklava cheesecake is probably the best thing on the menu.  Service is great too, the owner is usually present and is always so welcoming as well as appreciative of her customer's business.
5	My first review on yelp, and I'm happy to review this gem. I've tried the moussaka, good flavor , enough spice, bechamel sauce great. Filet skewers cooked perfectly, moist and juicy. Yeah, it's all Greek to me, and I love it. Service is good, happy I found it.
5	Food and service good.  If you are looking for a quick bite and somewhat healthy and not expensive this is your place.
4	Place was excellent! Great service, really good food, first time here and can't wait to go back. Had a nice chat with the owner, she's very sweet and works out on the floor helping her employees and doesn't mind getting to work! Love owners like that. They even have $5 gyros after 9pm! Make sure you stop by to check this place out! You won't regret it! Keep up the great work market grille!
2	My husband and I recently moved to the area from Henderson and we admittedly have pretty high standards when it comes to Greek food. We decided to give Market Grille Cafe a try, based on the reviews and proximity to our house. The decor isn't exactly inviting or particularly Greek or Mediterranean, which should have been our first clue. The flow is a little weird; you order at the registers and they bring your food to your table for you. There isn't a ton of space in the register area and it gets congested quite easily. I did appreciate the Yelp check in offer, which I had no problem redeeming with the cashier. My husband and I had trouble locating a menu, but one of the girls eventually brought us a little brochure and we both decided on the Greek Gyro and an order of their seasoned fries. The cashier asked if we wanted yogurt sauce on our gyros, strike two! Gyros should always come with tzatziki sauce! I then ventured over to the corner to get some water from the fountain, there was a sign on the Soda Machine saying that Soda was not free. Seriously? I'm sure this is a minor issue in all restaurants, people saying that they would like water and then filling their cup with soda, but the soda costs virtually nothing. I have never seen this sign anywhere else and it was slightly offensive, let's not patronize our customers OK? When the food arrived it was lackluster at best. The gyro meat was cold and the yogurt sauce was just yogurt and dill. The fries were covered in Paprika and were served with a side of yogurt sauce with hot sauce mixed in, not good. The food was edible, but far from a delicious Greek meal and a definite disappointment.
5	Walkin - browse menus on wall - order with nice cashier:) - sit with the number they give you and wait for food!
3	Good basic Mediterranean food at a good price. Nothing fancy but the people seem friendly.
5	Loved it! The food and the service was great. What more can you ask for?! One of Las Vegas' hidden treasures.
4	Big craving for falafel and we stopped in to try this place out. Not very busy for dinner time, greeted quickly and asked if we'd been before, so the wait staff suggested we look over the menu first and then place our order. We got an order of falafel, it comes with eight pieces and hummus. Very crispy and good! I also got a wrap, pomegranate chicken. It was pretty moist, served with lettuce, cuccumbers, tomatoes, onions, basmati rice, feta cheese, I got the yogurt dill sauce with a side greek salad, very good. Big portions, fresh, friendly service, a good meal.
5	We drove across town to try this place after hearing it was good. I used the check in offer and got 20% off our bill. I had the gyro platter and my husband had the beef filet platter. Everything was really fresh and very flavorful. My gyro platter was huge! I took home leftovers. The felt was really tender and not at all dry. I loved the hummus and pita. Well worth the trip!
5	FINALLY made it to Market Grille Cafe.  You place your order up front,  grab a number and choose your seating.  The menu is extensive,  something here for everybody. Vegetarian?  Check. Vegan?  Check. Confirmed meat eater?  Check.Beer & wine served,  and they have the beverage island where you can get your cokes & diet concoctions.My sweetie ordered a small gyro salad and I ordered a traditional gyro. Also an appetizer of stuffed (lamb, currants, rice, pinenuts, beef) grape leaves served warm with buttery lemon sauce, which was excellent !  The gyro salad & the traditional gyro were HUGE, and very flavorful. Great tasting,  perfectly seasoned.Pricing very fair for what you get,  eating here will not break the bank. Our meall came to $27 + tip. Would I eat here again?  YES. Would I recommend?  YES. This food is ""home made "" .  The service staff was friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is casual . Dine in or take out. 5 stars.This review is for the Lake Mead Bl location.
4	I'm part Greek so it's in my genes. I know what avgolemono should taste like. The creamy lemon chicken and rice soup is almost like ya-ya used to make.  The pomegranate chicken is sweeeet. I'm a little kid so I don't mind. My dad said the pastisio was light and delish. My mom loved the keftedes. I though they were moist herby and the best I've had.
5	Everything here is made fresh onsite by awesomely surly Greek kitchen-studs who mutter "OPA!" with phoned-in enthusiasm whenever someone puts a tip in the jar. But I don't care how surly those motherfuckers are -- they make some BOMB-ASS food!On my visit, I had saganaki (a/k/a flaming fried cheese), lentil soup (!!!) and a pomegranate chicken wrap. Everything was EXCELLENT! My friend also had soup and a gyro platter, and the total was around $45.I will DEFINITELY come here again. Solidly-unpretentious-yet-pleasant atmo, excellent Greek/Mediterranean food, and super-reasonable prices. OPA!!
5	Freshest ingredients! Everything cooked to perfection $50. for the four of us with leftovers. Friendly staff and really clean.
4	The food was very fresh and tasty here.  My favorite was the spinach salad. I am a huge fan of there honey vinegar dressing.  The veg pizza was really good with the pesto sauce and vegi's.  I am excited to try the gyro next time.
4	This is the perfect lunch spot.  They frequently offer deals for yelp check-ins or online discount offers.  There are plenty of menu choices, so there is enough variety to satisfy more selective palates.  Items range from soup, salad, gyros, skewers, hummus, chicken, lamb, salmon, even some vegetarian options.  If you opt for the entree, it includes pita bread, rice, and salad.Their venue is a former Pei Wei, and the setup didn't change.  You order at the counter and they deliver the food with self serve beverages.
5	The gyro platter was excellent! Very friendly staff and quick efficient service. I can't wait to come back to town and try it again!
3	I'd really like to rate them 3.5 stars. I loved my simple vegetarian kabob dish, I don't know what seasonings they put on it but it was delicious!! It's pretty awesome that they have gluten free and vegetarian options, but I was disappointed because I told them gluten free and they still brought bread on my plate. Not good for me- as I have an allergy and it was touching part of my food. Also the hummus portion was tiny! I expected more. Overall my food, although simple, was really good. My husband had a gyro, and said it was good, but not the best he'd had.
5	Good food, awesome happy hour, didn't expect them to have greek beer(?) but it was awesome, and I believe 1/2 price drinks.
4	I really liked this place great food and decent price..  I will be back
5	Excellent Greek food (voted best in Las Vegas).  Very fresh and excellent alcohol selection to compliment your lunch/dinner.  Gets crowded during lunch rush but plenty of seating to accommodate everyone.  Can get a little loud so would recommend it as a casual lunch or dinner spot.  Very cool Greek ambiance inside.
1	Fast food atmosphere, and  not impressed with the so called " Homemade Greek  Food"  I had.  Their Stuffed Tomatoes are  not like the Greek ones at all, wasn't even impressed with the greek salad or the gyro, I don't know what country the yia yia cookies are from,  but they sure aren't Greek, they had no taste, a real yia yia (greek grandma) would have made them right and so tasty .  Whoever thinks this is great Greek food should visit a REAL authentic Greek restaurant and compare. Can't believe it was voted Best of Las Vegas .
3	Healthy, but overated and over priced.The quality is good, but it is way over priced. I last went there with my health conscious son. I have tried both the salads and entrees. They just don't seem complete and satisfying unless you order extras.  It's priced as if you are paying for "atmosphere", but in reality, it's like Panera Bread, but with Grape Vine Wallpaper. It's a good place to go for something quick and heatlhy. I don't reccomend it for a date, unless you're in high school.
4	I've been to this place twice now and the food is incredible. The first time I tried the herb roasted chicken which for some reason is off the menu now but it was delicious! That was the reason I went back although I'm trying the chicken and filet skewers and stuffed tomatoes this time and they are exquisite. This place is a great spot for lunch (they have lunch specials) and must try if you live near by and would like some Greek food. Enjoy!
4	food was very good. gyros wasn't too salty, but flavorful. pita bread was extremely soft. restaurant had a little water fountain that was relaxing to hear. however, the seating is a hassle. too many damn chairs and tables, very uncomfortable with everyone squeezed in. please take some of the chairs out and a few tables, then i'd give it 5 stars!
5	Awesome for a to-go lunch or for a sit down dinner. Great gluten-free options and they are so go about cross-contamination. I'd recommend to anyone!
5	I'm in the area every six months for business and always make sure I eat at the Market Grille Cafe.  The staff has always been friendly and the food is on your table quickly and it's all been very good.  Great soups especially the pumpkin mushroom.
2	I was craving greek food, so i yelped, and this joint came up.. They had a groupon, bought it and went...  All the pictures looked great,, when i got mine i was very disappointed..  The pastisio,, was marginal,, very very small slice,, i wouldnt order it for a homeless person... The hummus,, not that good,, very runny, not impressed... The Gyro,, skimpy on the meat, sauce was not very good will not come back to this joint... Others may rave about it this place,, i did not like this at all... At least i only wasted 16 bucks for 30 bucks of food...
4	I got a groupon deal for this spot. I will def be coming back. I ate every single piece of my food down to the last piece of rice. I'm talking delicious. YUMMY IN MY TUMMY. Get in my belly status. Roomie got the Cabernet Lamb with potatoes. His plate was clean by the end. Heard no complaintsFriend got the pomegranate chicken w rice. Chicken was moist and the small bit i tried was amazing. I will definitely order   this the next I visit. I got the lamb skewers with rice. They cooked the lamb just right. not over done. Meat was not overly game. Seasoned nicely. I want more. Baklava - flakey goodness. one serving is pretty hefty. its a must share. Thank you groupon for the suggestion.
5	Absolutely Amazing food! When I have my cheat meals I love to come here, and bring my girlfriend. The stuff green pepper entree is my fav! You can't go wrong here with this place. A++
2	There was a time when I really liked this place, at least this location anyway. But that changed after my last visit. Word to the wise: it doesn't pay to be a Frequent Diner Card holder, at least where the lunch specials are concerned.I ordered off the lunch specials menu as I have done in the past and when the total came, I remembered that I had my Frequent Diner Card. I pulled it out and noticed I had all 10 punches, so yay me, free lunch, well give or take $1 and some change for the remaining balance. So the cashier called her manager over to get it squared away. The manager came over and after a few seconds of examination, she notified me that I couldn't use the $10 off card because I was ordering off the lunch specials menu which she mumbled something about it being already "discounted" and that I needed to use it on an entree instead. I think I gave her a death look and instead of immediately questioning the ridiculousness that she just stated which was NOWHERE WRITTEN ON THE LUNCH SPECIALS MENU NOR IN THE FINE PRINT OF MY FREQUENT DINER CARD, I grabbed my useless card from the manager and paid for my meal. I'm not a complete douchebag after all. It was lunch time, the lines were long, I was hungry, I'm sure the people behind me were hungry so there.  Yet, the more I thought about it, the more irritated I became. I re-read the card just to make sure I didn't miss something. About the only thing I think that would apply is the "Management reserves all rights" part. Perhaps her reservation with me being able to use that card, even toward the "discounted" lunch specials is that I wasn't paying for more than one lunch special. Then I got to thinking, the last time I came into this place, I ordered off the lunch specials menu and got the10th punch on my card. The card clearly states that you get one puch for every $10 purchase and even after ordering those "discounted" lunch specials, with a drink and tax, it comes out to a little over $10. So what's their policy again about using the card toward the lunch specials? Oh right. They don't really have one, do they??I wanted to say something to the manager who denied me the $10 off but she was nowhere to be found after I was done with my meal and I had to get back to work. I decided to visit the website which is a wealth of information if one is looking to book them for their next event. Unfortunately, there is no comments section, just a card to fill out for catering purposes. But interestingly enough, I found the lunch specials are listed on the website at $7.50 and they are supposed to include a beverage. Why is it at this location (Lake Mead), the $7.50 does not include a beverage? I have always been charged for a drink. So basically, my "discounted" lunch special of $7.50 plus $2.25 for a drink plus tax came out to $11.08 for my lunch. Had I been able to use my $10 off card, I would've paid my remaining balance and left the cashier a nice fat tip which would've elicited a bell ringing followed by a hearty "OPA!" from the kitchen, as I've always done whenever I have visited. But that was not to be and at this point, it's doubtful I will ever return, at least to this location. I must add, the quality of their food has also gone downhill. When I first started coming here, I really liked the Greek salad. But I noticed during my last couple of visits, the salad is completely bland with very few vegetables, olives, feta and the lettuce is always wilted as if it's a week old.  They're overcharging "discounted" specials that are supposed to include drinks, not honoring the frequent diner card and their food is mediocre fast food at best. That's a damn shame.
5	Great lunch special for $7.50. I got a chicken gyro and a Greek salad and the other guy I was with got the traditional gyro with fries. Greek salad and gyro was delicious, chicken was tender and flavorful. The fries had a really good seasoning on them as well. Next time I'm in the area I will definitely be back
5	Can't get enough of the pomegranate chicken! Trying a new dish, Mamma Mia's Chicken.Olive oil brushed chicken grilled w/ a fig preserve-goat cheese topped wi/ crushed pistachios & sundried tomatoes!
3	This Greek restaurant has a good selection of Americanized Greek food for decent prices.  However, the food is not remarkable and seems salty, especially the salads.  I like the gyros the hummus and the spinach pie but some of the pasta dishes leave a lot to be desired.  I find it insulting that they have to put a sign on the soda machine reminding the patrons with water cups not to steal soda.  And the "opas" for tips seems like orchestrated begging.  Service is good but parking is tough st lunch in this location.
1	Why does this place have such high reviews?  Went with a couple of friends for dinner.  Got a bunch of different dishes family style so we could all try a little bit of this and that.  Cons: wayyy tooo salty (couldn't even finish food), the food was not fresh (srsly, it looked frozen or made from the day before), and just soo generic.  Nothing special.  Save your money and go somewhere else.  We even gave the desserts a try (pumpkn baklava cheesecake) - once again, it tasted premade or frozen.  Grab some Marie Callender's frozen cheesecake from the grocery store.  I promise it'll taste better.
2	I really wanted to like this place; it's five minutes from my house. Unfortunately, Market Grille Cafe just doesn't have very good food. The prices are also pretty ballsy considering its a step up from a fast food joint. I felt really ripped off by the end of the meal.No pita with the soup, salad and appetizer. (Why?) We had a lovely feta cheese appetizer that we just stared at until our meals showed up. When the pita finally made an appearance at the table, it was four tiny wedges on the plate with the entree. The avgolemono soup was pretty good; lots of chicken, not a lot of rice. The salad that comes with the entrees is also fine, just a little heavy on the dressing. Unfortunately, the starters were the highlights of the meal.  I actually had to spit out my one bite of spanakopita, it was THAT GROSS. It tasted as though it had been made days ago and had surprise inner layers of mushy phyllo. Stale and inedible; I'd have sent it back if my husband hadn't eaten it (I don't think he liked it either, but he's a 'clean your plate' type). The hummus and tzatziki were disappointing. Both had an off taste and didn't seem fresh. The filet skewers were pretty rare, rarer than I would have liked if they'd bothered to ask. The rareness wouldn't have fazed me if the meat had been fresh and of good quality, but, like much of what we ordered, it seemed as though it had been sitting around a few days. They're also selling what amounts to a lunch portion at other places at a dinner price. If you're going to overcharge for three bites of meat, it'd better be delicious, you know? I skipped dessert; they'd gotten enough of our money already. I may or may not come back here. I'm willing to believe they were having an off night and try ordering something else (never again for the spanakopita though, I'm nauseated just thinking about it), maybe a lunch special. In spite of their convenient location, Market Grille can't touch my other Greek spots.
3	Pomegranate chicken gyro + 1/2 order of Plato's Potatoes = A-OKChicken was very dry, and the main reason I got the gyro over the wrap was the addition of Feta- of which there was so little it didn't really matter.Fries were seasoned well, and paired with a spicy yogurt sauce. Fries were tastier without the sauce, but it wasn't bad.Order was takeout, and staff present was just okay- walked in and wasn't addressed for a while, was helped by the manager who eventually asked if I was ready while other employees ignored me. I seemed to be interrupting their closing duties and conversation, my bad.The spanakopita and avgolemeno soup sound tasty, but I'll likely try another location.I agree with Betty W's review calling their pricing "ballsy'- $13 is a bit high for my meal, $4 to add on a veggie skewer is ri-donk.
4	One of the good Greek restaurants on the casual side but not too casual. You pay upfront but still served at the table.- Saganaki: +1 for the entertainment factor- Filet Tenderloin: Yummy- Pomegranate Chicken: Unusually sweet but goodThe pita was good too. I wish it was near my place...
4	First time and it was pretty good! I go to this area often but for some reason I always thought this place was a grocey store but my boyfriend's brother suggested to go during the break between soccer games and let me know it was actually a Greek food place.Their menu consists of gyros, salads, entrees with rice, kabobs, appetizers and desserts. Their baklava looked really fresh and thick so I'll probably try that next time. You order at the counter and then you choose a table and they bring it to you.I ordered the pomegranate chicken with basmati rice lunch special for $7.50 and my boyfriend ordered the traditional (lamb & beef) gyro with fries lunch special for also $7.50. Even with the lunch special, they let us use the 20% off your entire bill from checking in! Great deal!Both were really flavorful! The pomegranate chicken tasted as if they marinated the chicken in sweet fruity horchata lmao and I don't mean that in a bad way lol it was also moist. Basmati was also good.The traditional gyro was moist and flavorful and I liked that the meat was sliced a little thinner but they still gave a lot of meat. The sauce was good and tangy as well. Fries were fresh and came with a good sauce.The workers were friendly, food was quick and atmosphere was fresh and clean with nice decor. I'll definitely be back!
5	I love this place! We usually get the gyros pita and gyros salad with a feta cheese and kalamata appetizer. The pita is warm and soft. The meat is great. It's reasonably priced and the staff is always friendly.
5	Salad was fresh and crisp, chicken was juicy, overall food was great! Service was also very pleasant, Sheena at the register was very friendly, knowledgeable and welcoming. Great experience!
5	Very good food. I enjoy the gyros, and the stuffed tomatoes.  The hummus is very tasty too.
4	First time here I ordered the Greek salad with chicken.  The chicken was good but the romaine lettuce was a bit soggy it wasn't to bad but you can tell it was sitting with the dressing for awhile.  It was during lunch time when I went so maybe they prepared it before hand.  I will be back but I will mention it the next time I come.  Staff are really nice and friendly.
3	I frequently think about this place when I go next door to Viet Bistro. I just never had the courage to go in and try the food. I'm not too big on Greek foods. I've ate it couple times but always had an experienced person with me to help me order. After the gym one of my friends said this place was really good so we decided to eat here. You order your food and then you sit down and they'll bring your food to you. I decided on the lunch special (around $8). There's a list of food you can choose from for the lunch special. I got a chicken gyro with avgolemono soup. It doesn't come with a drink so you have to order that separately. Chicken gyro- chicken was kind of dry. The yogurt sauce that go with the gyro is usually my favorite part. But their yogurt sauce was a bit on the sour side so it wasn't the taste I was used to. The portion is pretty big though. Avgolemono soup- it's a creamy lemon soup with chicken and rice. Oh I did not like that at all! It was way too sour for me.The food didn't take too long but it didn't come out quick either. The workers were nice and helpful. I don't want to cross this place off my list just yet but I probably won't be returning any time soon.
2	After hearing so much about this restaurant, we left here terribly disappointed. Gyros were cold and tasteless, the salad with the gyro platter was watered down and soggy, and the service was uncoordinated and sporadic. Dessert was the best part of this meal, and that isn't saying much. Probably will not return.
5	Loved the food and the service! What a wonderful find if you're looking for healthy and yummy :0)
2	Service was good, the food may be the abosolue worst Greek food I have ever had. The rice is soooo dry you there is no way possible to eat it. I ordered the chicken skewers portion was small one had chicken the other only peppers and onions. My wife order the Greek trio some sort of combination plate horribly spiced, uneatable. Do yourself a favor go to the in and out across the street, I wish I had, could have save 50 bucks. The 2 stars are for the service NOT the food.
3	This was very boring.  I didn't hate it, but I didnt love it.  I love gyros and Mediterranean food so I was disappointed with this one. Nothing special about this place.
4	I love Mediterranean food, and this is some of the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable.  I had the lamb kebab.  It came with Basmati rice, a Greek salad, and grilled tomatoes and onions.  I also had rice pudding for dessert.  Wow!
3	Ordering process: take a gander at their (bright and blinding) back-lit LED menus lined up in the entry-way, order your food at the counter, pay, they hand you a table number, take a seat, enjoy the smoke show (there was a cloud of smoke surrounding the restaurant, coming from the open kitchen - so much smoke! we felt like we were inside of a haunted mansion lol), they bring the food to your table. After much consideration, my boyfriend and I chose the Gyros, which have: lettuce, chopped red onions, tomatoes, cucumber, feta stuffed into a warm pita bread and topped with the choice of yogurt dill sauce or hummus.My boyfriend went with the Traditional (beef/lamb) beef gyro (with yogurt dill sauce) $7.75 - The meat was more-so on the salty side, but the yogurt dill sauce helped cut the saltiness nicely. The size of this gyro was huge - there was more than enough food for him to become full and satisfied. I went with the Pomegranate chicken gyro (with yogurt dill sauce) $7.95 - The Pomegranate chicken had a pleasant, slight sweetness to it, but I could barely taste or make out any distinct "pomegranate" flavor. It was also charred black on some pieces, overcooked, tough and dry. This gyro was also a generous size - definitely big enough to stuff me silly. Although it was dry, I would most likely dabble in this gyro again.For an additional $3.50, I turned my Gyro into a "Gyro Platter" which came with: - Greek salad - the zesty dressing was very vinegary and they barely gave any feta cheese. Also, the olives tasted great, but they only give you 3 tiny baby olives. - Basmati herb rice - the rice was very salty and the grains were extremely dried out. - Hummus & pita - the ratio of hummus to pita was un-proportional. The hummus wasn't bad, but they only gave us the tiniest container of it - it's not even substantial enough to comment on. The pita was cut up into 4 tiny points and tasted average. For a total of $11+ to turn the gyro into a platter, it wasn't worth it - the extras were not memorable. Just get the gyro, it's more than enough food to get filled up with. The yogurt dill sauce is what made the gyros enjoyable. It was refreshing and creamy. Whatever you do, get that sauce and drench the dry pomegranate chicken or the salty gyro meat in it - you will love it!
4	You can eat vegan here while your friends eat lamb. Nice clean food. Nice atmosphere. The only problem for me is the nan bread has dairy and the hummus has dairy. Too bad otherwise 5 stars
5	Yum! Food is so fresh and pretty quick when order. Always know what to expect food has so much flavor. They make the best hummus. Taziki is a bit garlicie. But the salads are amazing, lots of greens and flavor. always a clean place to eat and to go orders present just as well as dine in. The ladies at counter are always helpful and quick.
5	I LOVE Mediterranean food. I love gyro. So already, you can't go wrong when you  go to a greek family owned restaurant!But the thing I absolutely have to review is their Saganaki appetizer. Their description is: "greek imported cheese, simmered with lemon & brandy. Served tableside on a "flaming" iron skillet". But what they should have said is: "heaven in your mouth".This dish is such an explosion of flavor. It's a savory and a little tangy, and absolutely perfect. I could NOT stop commenting how wonderful it was with every bite. Even while I was eating, I was worried that soon the dish was going to be done. There is no way I can possibly describe this dish to it's full potential, so I highly recommend everyone to just go try it for themselves!I was so happy I randomly ordered this dish. After I tried it the first time, I had to go back with a friend only ONE WEEK later to make them try it too! Happily, she also really enjoyed it.I will review the other foods there another time, but this post is dedicated to my all time new favorite dish anywhere: Saganaki!
5	If you want a great gyro then definitely come here! The service was fast and friendly. I got the traditional gyro plater with the extra sides and it was so much food I couldn't finish it. The place was clean and the atmosphere was very comfortable. I will definitely be back.
5	Best Gyros in town! The meat is deliciously seasoned to perfection. Their lunch special is awesome. I've had lots of different items from their menu, all great, never disappointed!
3	I always liked Greek food, and I have driven by this place many times, so today I decided to place a Togo order. I ordered the gyro lunch special with Greek salad on the side when I got home to eat it I found that the chicken was dry and they put so much humus on the gyro. It was a pretty big turn off. I doubt I'll give it a second chance.
4	Love the pomegranate chicken entree.  It came with a wonderful Greek salas full of kalamaya olives, cucumers, red onions and feta cheese.  The chicken yummy topped with chopped walnuts.  Yummy!
3	Good food at decent prices when you check in on Yelp to get the 20% off. Otherwise, a bit overpriced for what it is: average Americanized (inauthentic) Mediterranean food.Food is definitely good and satisfying but not great. For the most part, it is nothing to write home about or go out of your way for but it is worth checking out if you're nearby.The most memorable part of the meal was undoubtedly the pumpkin cheesecake baklava and I'm not even a big desserts/sweets person. Definitely worth checking this place out just to try this.The pumpkin mushroom soup was also unique and pretty good.Other things we ordered include the baba ganoush, hummus trio, Greek salad and saganaki (sp?) Flaming cheese app.
4	Amazing!!!! Love their food :) The gyros are yummy but the pomegranate chicken is by far my favorite :) salad is always fresh and the pita bread and hummus are divine! Love!
3	Pretty good I have to say. I got the Greek Trio. The best was the spanakopita followed by the moussaka and then the pastitio (or whatever it is) I didn't finish that because it tasted kinda weird. (Not to my palettes liking...not like get food poisoning weird). The basmati rice-delicious. I also got the pumpkin yia yia cookies. Which they forgot to give me. The ordering process is quite off putting and prices are a bit ambitious for what you get.
5	I really like this place my taste buds are tingling this is the best Greek food I've tasted yet I got the vasilios which was amazing and my hot mom got the moussaka with I thought was very melt in your mouth and flavorful! We ate so fast we forgot to take pix lol.  Next time I would skip the full meal and just get the entree,  didn't eat the salad or pita and hummus.  We will Def come back again,  oh and we also got 20%off our bill for checking in on yelp.  Super awesome staff
5	I've been here a couple times and I really like the food. The setup is a little odd at first, you order from a cashier but then they bring the meal to your table, kind of like Panera Bread does, but you get used to it. The staff was super friendly and helpful and the kitchen got our meal out fast, even when it was busy. This past time I tried the chicken skewers which comes alone with rice or for a fee, as a platter with Greek salad and hummus with pita tips. The chicken was delicious and nicely seasoned and I liked that it came with grilled vegetables and even a few tiny grilled peaches. I also really liked the salad which was crunchy and tangy.
5	Ate here for the first time today and fell in love. Not only is the service wonderful- but the food is awesome!  I had the traditional gyro and fries... Delish!!! I highly recommend getting the tomato basil hummus!! Absolutely to die for!! I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I have been going her for years now. A traditional giro with a humus hits the spot everytime. They have a great family atmosphere and you can the owners there time to time making sure everything is still up to par! Try a baklava and opa!
1	Worst Greek food I've ever had. Me and my husband love Mediterranean food and eat it very often. After seeing some reviews we decided to visit this place. The chicken and lamb skewers were dry and flavourless. The Greek salad was okay. The tzatziki had no garlic or cucumber and was basically dill mixed with yogurt. We ordered falafel and it was way too salty. The pumpkin baklava cheesecake was the only thing that was good. The service was good. The price is high considering the sub standard food they serve. Definitely not worth another visit. And definitely not "homemade" Greek food.
5	Amazing service and amazing food. I will always be a loyal customer. We are always welcomed warmly and the food is always impeccable.
