4	This place is owned and operated by the same guys that do Sonoma Grill (which is just down the street).  I went there opening weekend and was impressed.  Its a little on the small side but it had an electric atmosphere.  The music was lively and the space was open and vibrant and really captured the feel of Cuba or South Beach.  Being the new night spot also atrracted the best looking people (save for me and my friends) which made for a better environment.  We had some tapas which were quite tasty but I havent eaten any of their entrees.  If the apps were an indication, I think the entrees will just fine.
3	Once you get past the overly-garish early 80s Miami decor, Seviche is a decent place to go have a drink. The sangria, both white and red, is delicious. There is a definite look to the people who come here, so, if you are like me and are unable to afford a giant Prada bag and Chanel sunglasses, and disinclined to go tanning, you may feel a little out of place; however, this is the only restaurant in Pgh where you can always go and get ceviche. I am a sucker for it, but have felt a little sceptical of seafood in the city since we are so far (so sadly far) from the ocean. After having the ceviche at Seviche, I am no longer anti-seafood in Pgh.Ceviche is made of uncooked fish prepared in a citrus marinade. The citric acid reacts with the small pieces of (generally white) fish in a process that essentially cooks the fish, creating the most delicious, fresh, light meal ever. If the atmosphere were a little more relaxed and the color scheme a little less loud, I would be here every week.
3	I'll have to agree with the previous reviewer on the decor of this restaurant.  Suffice it to say, it's not that great.  But really, people come for the drinks and tapas, right?  Well, be prepared to pay.  About $10 per tapas or drink, both of which are ok, nothing to write home about.  I got the Pomegranate mojito which was not much of either.  At $10, I was expecting a bit more.  Same for my friend's caipirinha which was essentially lime juice - ugh.  Forget a wedge of lime, try 4 wedges - a bit too much!  The food itself - ehh.  The portion sizes are tiny and overall the quality not the best.  We tried their traditional seviche (it is the name of the restaurant) - ok.  Not really spicy enough.  The mojo pork - definitely not traditional (usually pulled), this was on bone and while well-cooked, fatty and where was the mojo?  The mussels and croquettas - more of the average we were beginning to expect.  Crowd-wise, this was an interesting mix.  Business professionals, yuppies, random people just out.  In general, an older crowd upper 30s-50s (on a Friday night).  Oh, and just grab a table when you come in - no formal seating.Not sure I will be back here, but sure was interesting to try.
3	I'd say this is a good place to just chill, maybe before or after you go somewhere else.  That's exactly what I did, so it worked out for me.  The service was good and the bartenders attentive to my alcoholic and food related needs.  The pork empanada was pretty great.  The interior is a bit loud in a bad way, and the neon tubing (red, green and blue) cast a strange pallor on to that side of the room, but the rest of the lighting is kept at a pleasantly low level.  The bar was a pretty comfortable place for my room mate and I.My recommendation is to toss a few back here and move on with the rest of your plans for the night.
1	Wow, cougar city!  This must be where all divorcees end up going to find their next husbands.
2	Went there on saturday night, as it was filled with people that came there mainly to get drunk. It's first come - first serve, if you want to get a table. Food is OK overall. Their Sushi is pretty good though. Definately a good spot to pre-party with a bunch of friends. I wouldn't come here to eat though, at least on the weekend nights.
4	I miss the 80's, Miami Vice, etc.  Seviche reminds me very much of miami vice, don johnson, crocket...   I've been to seviche several times and it's a good spot if it's not too crowded.  It's usually either my first stop or one of my last stops  if I'm staying at the Westin and walking.  Last night it was my 3rd stop out of about a dozen stops and our server was so nice KATE I thought I'd write a review just to give her some props'.  I was there around 8 PM last night and we were able to quickly find a table even though it was relatively crowded.  I'd say the crowd for the most part is a little older than some of the other bars that I frequent, but friendly all the same.  It's going for the south beach theme and it accomplishes this with its high ceilings and art deco interior.  Bright lights big windows high top tables a few couches and a large bar with another sushi type bar.  The bathrooms are nice and overall the space is very warm if a little bit cheesy.  The service is usually good when I frequent here, but last night it was stellar.  Kate gave us great tips all night long and guided a very nice dining experience.  I had very deliciousl ketel one rocks dirty's most of the night and my friend had delicious mojitos'.  These mojitos are good, but for some reason I just love the ones at Dish.  We had so many small plates, I'm sure I'll forget a few.  We started with an amazing blue point oyster "fire and ice" which were fresh and delicious.  The preperation is spicy with habernaro peppers red onion and a prickly pear ice topping. It really is there signature dish and I recommend you get the fire and ice preparation when you come.  It's spicy and cool with delicious fresh seafood.  We followed this up with the crab and scallop, same fire and ice preparation.  This dish is light and flavorful and melds well with a stiff cocktail.  We also tried the tuna ginger tataki, which is quick seared #1 grade ahi served with ginger fennel and some type of mayo, I'd say spiced with wasabi.  It was also quite good.  We also tried the mussels which started good, fresh and plump, but then had a few that had not so much of a fresh flavor.  Overall it was a miss.  Go to Pointe Brugge for your mussels.  We may have had another dish, but can't quite recall.  Overall this is a good spot in the cultural district for an urban theme, stiff drinks, and light fresh food.
4	I came here during their reversed happy hour (10pm-12am).  I ordered a mango mojito and a chorizo wrapped scallop.  Each of the items were $5 each. They were so good my friends and I mentioned it both the next day.If I lived in Pittsburgh, this would be one of my regular spots to hang out and have a drink.
5	Seviche is typically a Latin American dish incorporating lime / lemon juice, chopped or minced seafood and tomato, onion, or cilantro (coriander). Seviche is not a typical cevicheria. It's a fusion of Latin, primarily cuban and Japanese sushi cuisine.  Amazing happy hour specials when I was here last September for a convention. Loved it so much I came in 2x in a 4 day stay.  Their tuna tartare w/ lotus root chip made quite a palate impression, slighlty spicy and savory but not to the point of overpowering the tuna, which would have been a shame as so fresh and flavorful.I have to gush about their mojito, why? Simple: because it's the  best mojito ever! I am a mojito fan, I've had them in 3 countries and 5 states. Seviche's takes the cake, er, mint.  +++ for ambience, crowd, and service.
4	Overall, the food was delicious and the atmosphere and the service was great! Just two things: their Pisco Sour needs improvement (it was missing some ingredients) and they need to incorporate the Peruvian Cebiche! Trust me, I'm Peruvian! Other than that, I would definitely come back again!
4	Best.Mojitos.EVER. As a lover of mojitos, I've tried them at places all over the world and they are the best at Seviche. They have so many unique flavors - try them all...you can't go wrong with whatever drink you order here.The food is good, but it's expensive for what you get. I understand that tapas are small plates, but Seviche's plates are extra small and expensive. I say skip the food and just come here to drink!
5	Seviche exceeded all of my expectations. I've been to fabulous restaurants all over the United States, and I was really, really impressed by the food, drinks, and service here. I read a few of the other reviews, and I don't think those people ate at the same restaurant. Of course, my husband and I visited at 7:30 on a week night, so perhaps the experience is different on the weekend, but we had no wait for a table, service was prompt, and we received exactly what we ordered, which was cooked to perfection. I expected the portion size because this is tapas. The menu also explains that a mid size portion can be ordered, which is larger but still not entree size. The waitress further inquired if we understood tapas portion size after we confirmed we were first-time visitors. IMO, the restaurant goes out of its way to ensure that customers are aware of the portion sizes.The food was delicious - perfectly prepared. I highly recommend the poke and the house salad. My husband loved the grass-fed beef tacos. As other reviewers have mentioned, the mojitos were perfection. The combinations available for the seviche were varied, and everything we ordered was delicious. My husband and I both will make this a regular stop when we travel to Pittsburgh.
4	A gem in the rough ... Fire and Ice is fantastic with Hamachi, also try the cuban roll.  Be prepared to get out your wallet.  Portion size is small, but taste is huge.  All the dishes are very well prepared.  Seviche is my spot anytime I come to Pitt for business.
4	This is a great place to go downtown for happy hour, dinner or a night out.  The food is served tapa's style so you're able to try an assortment of dishes.  The best drink by far is called a Caipirinha.  It's Brazil's version of a Margarita.  Try to say that three times fast!  The environment inside can only be described by on word, colorful!  They also have outdoor seating in the summer, so you can get your people watching on!  It's a great way to kick back after a long day!  Just remember if you are going there for some appetizers or dinner your bill can run up quickly!  I did that once and probably spent a weeks worth of grocery money in one night!  Was it smart, no.  Was it worth it, yes!
5	Had Cuban sushi, mussles and the mignon... all three were perfect and fresh.
4	Seviche has a lively, colorful atmosphere that added to the dining experience. Our server was very attentive and knew the menu very well. She was able to offer many suggestions. The rest of the wait staff was also helpful when it came to seating us, turning the air down, everything.Served tapas style, the food is conducive to sharing and ordering lots of little things. We tried for all ranges of the menu and thought the dishes had interesting flavor profiles, were prepared well, and tasted great.The seviche section allows you to choose a fish and a style of preparation -- they are delicious! The filet mignon was also a wonderful cut of meat.Mojitos are a bit pricey at $9 a drink for the small glasses they are in, but are delicious all the same.
5	we wandered in and had the tasting menu. JUST DO IT. IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST MEALS I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME. all of the flavors were perfect. every one. i thought about taking a star away because of our weird waiter (i think he was maybe stoned...) but the food was just to freakin amazing i couldnt bring myself to knock it down. anyway. go. its amazing .
4	Dined there for the first time.  My husband and I tried the crab salad tapas, shrimp tempura and the pulled pork tapas and they were all excellent!  I found my new favorite drink...the Cuban pomegranite!    For a Saturday night, it was packed, therefore, the service was rather slow.  Our waiter wasn't the most attentive as we hardly ever saw him and took awhile between courses.  I'm glad we weren't in any hurry.   I thought the food was very good and I will definitely go back.
5	OMG.....the food here is amazing (although I will admit that I tend to be easily impressed)....but seriously, I found this little gem while staying at the Westin on a business trip and my colleague and I still talk about it.  The sushi was AMAZING, like nothing we've ever had before, and the few other times I went (yes, I went several times in one week) everything I ordered was fantastic. Also, the drink menu is fairly extensive (lots of girle drinks, perfect for a happy hour).  If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again I'm definitely stopping by.  Love it!!
2	Meh.  Call this rating 2.5 stars.  I live in the neighborhood and go to Seviche periodically.  The food is fine.  I wouldn't rave about it, but I do go back from time to time.  However, the portions are small and it's expensive.  (Not their fault, that's just how it is with tapas, it seems.)  Don't go if you are hungry - I have to order two or three dishes and the price runs up quickly.I like to sit at the bar, but bartenders seem to have no personality - don't really engage in conversation or seem to acknowledge that I'm a return customer.Having said all that, the place is always packed (note: closed Sunday).  I don't really understand it, since I think there are better choices, but in fairness, there are a lot worse too.The restaurant is on a city street - no parking for Seviche itself.  Closest lot at 9th & Penn.In warm weather there are four or five tables on the street - much sought after real estate.Periodic music - maybe Thursday and Friday nights.
4	Although the price is a little high, the food is beyond delicious!!Definitely don't go alone because you will have to order several dishes to get your fill and that will leave you with an empty wallet. Everything we tried was good. I loved the Pork Empenada. Sooo good. I also loved the Cuban sushi Roll. Everything else we tried was also delicious (peruvian poke, fire & ice, avocado & corn) but those two were my favorites. Dessert was also yummy. We ordered both desserts. The ice cream served on the little fried discs was delicious even though our server told us the completely wrong flavors (maybe those were the flavors from the day before?). The tres leches cake tasted good but the texture was weird. My friend and I both noticed that it was too dense.All in all, I will definitely go back cause I crave that empenada in my sleep some nights!!!
2	Food is nicely presented, tapas style, but really nothing remarkable.  If you don't go to dinner often, you would be impressed by the presentation and the fancy cocktails--which were very small and way too expensive for what you got.  Even the entrees (served a little bigger than tapas size) were nothing great.  Many better ethnic restaurants in the city!  Atmosphere is hip and trendy.  Dress to impress!
4	The Pork Empanada was AMAZING!  My mom & daughter both got the Bistec and it was wonderful!  Very tender and delicious beef.  The Cuban Sushi roll, Asian Tartare & Ginger Tataki were also very good.  The Sangria of the Day was ok.   We'll definitely go back.  A perfect place to stop before or after the theater.
3	Food is ok.Loved the atmosphere and live jazz music.Very friendly and helpful staff.
5	My sister, friend and I came to Pittsburgh from Philadelphia for the weekend a couple weeks ago. The first night we ate at Seviche. The food was prepared perfectly and the flavors were beyond reproach. The service was impeccable and the management and staff were very polite and helpful at all times. The price for the quality of food and the service was more than reasonable. The rest of the weekend our dining experiences at every other restaurant were major disappointments. We will definitely come back to Pittsburgh and eat here again. Unless of course they open another location is Philly and then we will be there almost every night... WELL WORTH GOING!!
5	Seviche is fabulous! We had great service for dinner on a Saturday night. Good wine selection, and a big list of various mojito varieties to start.Our group shared a variety of seviche, all of which were  fresh and tasty, and very well presented. We especially enjoyed the fire and ice preparation.We moved on to sample a variety off the Tapas part of the menu, and again, were pleased with everything. The mussels and the crab salad were especially good.After all of that, we moved on to entrees, where we again couldn't have been more pleased.It was surprisingly very affordable, given the amount of food and drink we ordered. Highly recommend.
4	Food is yummy! But, don't go here on an empty stomach because its Tapas = very small servings. We were really hungry! Their happy hour is still expensive though, but their drinks are very tasty and strong ;) Downside, its a little too expensive, the upside is that they do have pretty good food and drinks. It's only a few blocks from our condo, which is a plus :)
4	Delicious! My first experience here was late one night after a show at Bricolage. We walked over and found ourselves just in time for happy hour. Not only were the drinks good (though the sangria really leaves something to be desired), but for someone who doesn't like fish of any kind, let alone attempting to eat something raw, this place is amazing. If you try nothing else, try the Fire and Ice with the tuna! It is AMAZING!!! (as I'm looking at the menu right now, I realize that they've changed it!! anyone wanna go try some of the new stuff?!?)  The trio of chips and salsa is also pretty good. One thing that I really love about this place is that the waitstaff is really knowledgeable about what is used in each sauce. For someone with a fairly strange allergy, its nice, for a change,  to ask if something is used to have an answer immediately and feel comfortable believing them.  They have a great wine selection, too. I wish I could remember the name of the wine that I absolutely adore, but it's escaping me right now. I would have to say, though, that my favorite thing is Monday night Salsa dancing! It is a great time and they do lessons for beginners. I've missed it the last few months cause I work on Monday nights, but I'm so looking forward to a few weeks of down time over the holidays when I can put on my dancing shoes and give it another try!
4	Second time going to Seviche. For the most part we ordered the same things again because they were just that good. Made a 5:30 reservation for Saturday night for a group of 4. I'm a big fan of the Caipirinha. I love the gritty bits of sugar in the drink and that it's sweet but not too sweet. My boyfriend and I split 3 things and each had a drink. The bill came out to be $50 which isn't bad at all for a nice dinner out. We ordered the Grass fed beef tacos, the Cuban roll, and Mussels. The Cuban roll is without a doubt my favorite thing! It is so good. It already has a soy based sauced and for $12 I could eat just that and be full. The tacos were very good. Three decent sized ones came out. I liked them but the Cuban roll blew them away. The mussels were delicious with a nice sauce and a crostini served on the side for dipping. Our waiter this time was nice and very efficient. I like that they make sure you know exactly how tapas style dining works. Our waiter the first time was my favorite. He was so smooth and easygoing he made us want to stay longer.I'd strongly suggest trying to go during happy hour. They have it M-F normal hours and then later on Saturday from 9-11 I believe. A lot of cocktails (including the Caipirinha and mojitos are $5) as well as $5 select tapas. I believe they have specific ones on a happy hour menu, not just any tapas are 5 dollars.I was happy to know that Seviche is a meal that we can have when we want to go somewhere nice that isn't going to break our piggy bank. The first time we added about $40 to our bill trying out all their cocktails so it is a lot more reasonable when you only have a drink or so. I love this place and highly recommend you try it!
5	OMG...this place is amazing. My husband and I are from Cleveland, OH and came upon this place by total accident. We truly had the best Tapas EVER!!! The service was amazing!!!
4	Their ceviche, mixed drinks, and tapas are superb, and the service we got was even better.  Amazing service :-)   Servers Cory and Christina are the shit, and GM Jeff went above and beyond to be a great host.  Am coming back for my birthday shindig Saturday night.  Thx for a wonderful night tonight, guys!
4	Good food and open late.   Had the triple ceviche - traditional preparation with conch, the agave hamache and tiradito salmon (this one had a kick).Also got the Chorizo wrapped scallops and those were excellent.  From the roasted corn polenta, wilted spinach, the sweet bbq glaze on the scallops and the freshly grated pepper to provide a kick.... everything in this dish was great.You can also get many of their drinks non-alcoholic.  The mango mohito was pretty good --- nothing outrageously different -- but still good for $5Service was friendly, they had a live singer / band on a Thursday night
4	Excellent cocktails and happy hour seviche and sushi specials!
4	Seviche is great! After attempting reservations at two other places Seviche was one that was willing to take us earlier than 10pm so made a reservation for 8pm on Saturday. We tried to arrive a little early to grab some drinks but they had a high top table available for us in the back of the restaurant. We initially thought it was great since it was quieter than the front but after a few minutes Seviche turned up the music - while great music the volume was a con as I remember shouting during part of our conversation, which makes me laugh now. Our waitress who had a trainee along with her was hands down awesome. I thought I could be friends with her by the end of the night. I ordered the Broadbent Vinho Verde wine which was good (had a little carbonation and you could taste the grapes) so had a second. As for food, we had the fire and ice ceviche, asian tartare, tres quesos, corn and goat cheese croquettas, beef tacos and the fried donut dessert. I thought all were good and it was nice how the dishes were communal, enhancing the eating social experience. I'm not sure if I would come here if I were starving though given how many dishes we had to fill us up. However Seviche had such a fun vibe that I will definitely be back.
4	Ceviche is not often found on a lot of the menus around town. So to now have a ceviche restaurant is a diamond mine.I am taking off one star because on my last visit the waiter accidentally poured a bottle of beer down my friends back. We were all dressed up to!!! First it was embarrassing to have a drink of any kind spilled on you, but to smell like beer the rest of the night is pretty messed up.The waiter was training and the meal for my friend was free. That doesn't entirely make up for it but it was a try.I love the lay out of ceviche you can actually watch the chefs prepare your food while you sit and wait. The restaurant serves both hot and cold tapas.They serve some delicious mojitos and there are plenty to choose from, including mango.The chorizo wrapped diver scallops are the bomb. The portion size is enough to fill anyone's tummy and I love seafood  with Latin flavors.
4	Hmmm...I thought I had already reviewed this place, but maybe it was a mental review that I failed to put into actual words.  I think the food and drinks at this place are fantastic.  The ceviche that I've had has always been fresh and flavorful.  I recently tried their sushi and it was really good.  Their tapas are also tasty, but I think I prefer the ceviche and sushi.  I usually get a mojito when I go and most recently I had the colada mojito which was coconut minty - which I quite enjoyed.  The waitress recommended that I try the drunken sailor if I'm a mojito fan and so I decided to give it a shot.  It was good, but my taste buds were a bit confused - the flavors were good, but they weren't reminding me of anything, which maybe is a good thing.After consulting with friends, we decided it tasted like coca-cola with some basil flavor.  Sounds weird? - well try it and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.  Overall - I think this is a great place for dinner or grabbing some drinks.  Most of what is on the menu is tapas portions so keep that in mind when ordering.  You may need to order more than you expect to feel full/content.
4	I've been here 3 times now. All were good except the time I left my wallet there, which sucked because they don't open until 5:00 PM the next day.  Needless to say no money was taken and i got my wallet back, so of course I returned to show my appreciation and they have good food. This is a great place to get a bunch of small dishes to create a meal or just have a small meal. The Ahi Tuna sliders are AWESOME. The Fire and Ice is also a great choice. It's a little loud but the unique menu makes up for it. The bartenders Kaylee and Autumn provided excellent service. I'll be back.
3	Had the chef's table and everything was awesome but the dessert which was merely really good. I would give Seviche a four-star rating, but the service was uneven. Friendly, but a couple of things were forgotten. Please don't let this warn you off, though. Seviche is worth a try.Warning: this turns into a dance place at night. If you're loud music averse (I am) plan accordingly.
2	Too expensive for such small plates.  The food is decent but the service can be slow during busy times.
4	Had a solo dinner here at the bar while in town for business. First plus, the bartender steered me away from a bad drink. Redirected to the drunken sailor, I was a very happy camper after a long day of meetings. I followed it up with the cucumber/peach margarita and was even happier. I am a huge margarita fan (and make a darn good one). I usually do not like flavored varieties but this was intriguing. The two conventioneers next to me slugging Yuengling(don't get me wrong, I like it, but in a Cuban restaurant?) were also intrigued. It was tasty and fresh.The bartender had excellent recommendations on the menu as well. The Fire and Ice seviche was a winner, providing good flavor and some nice heat. The empanada was a nice follow-up but the seviche starred.  Good service, good food and all at a reasonable price.
3	This place is okay....If you have to eat in downtown Pittsburgh, I'd recommend it. It seems fresh and they have really good happy hour specials. Especially if you're going downtown for a show or game and want to happy hour before hand, this isn't a bad option. Also they take reservations during happy hour which is nice if you want to go for a meeting or have a group.However, I just want to throw it out there that I strongly urge any visitors/business travelers to go deeper into the city to Lawrenceville, Shadyside, Bloomfield, etc for more quality cuisine. ..try to branch out it's not far!
4	Spent an early Monday evening here for a private event.  Good vibe overall. Drinks were well made and complimented the food.  I had berry caipirinha and the hubby had the traditional caipirinha.  Enjoyed the pork empanadas and chicken tostada. Seviche was tasty an fresh. Fire and ice with shrimp was hubby'a favorite. Also enjoyed the cheese plate and salsa verde. Service was very good as well.  We will be back.
4	Gluten free dinner menu. Tapas.  Sharing. Good drinks. Fun atmosphere. Each time I'm in the city I go to this restaurant. I like the chips and salsa, you get 3 fresh salsa choices and plantain chips with corn tortilla chips. Yum! They have salsa dancing on some nights and it's a great happy hour place. Everything I have had there has been fresh, tasty and loved by all I've been with:)
5	Seviche has left me wanting to come back.  It's that simple. This was an excellent find in the Downtown Pittsburgh area and I could not have been more pleased with the service, atmosphere and of course, the ceviches were fantastic!I have one cheat day a week and the day I went to Seviche was not that day! I needed something satisfying, healthy, full of protein and of course, delicious. I was on a mission to find some good seafood. I saw Seviche was nearby our hotel (the Westin) so we walked over on a Friday night and were seated right away.  The place was bustling with all sorts of clientele but I think this is mostly due to the fact that the Pittsburgh Marathon was going to be happening that weekend. That was why we were in town.  Anyway, it was busy, but not crazy.I was instantly drawn to the ceviches and I decided to try the trio. They basically make them with your choice of fresh seafood.  I chose the following; Traditional ceviche prepared with shrimp, Avocado and corn ceviche with salmon and the Tiradito prepared with hamachi.  All selections are raw.  All selections were absolutely delicious, bursting with flavor in every bite. Next time, I want to try all seven!Service was also on point. Our waiter, Dale was very friendly and accommodating to my (please no carbs on my plate!) requests and left the chips off my plate.  He was attentive and checked up on us often. I also thought the explanation of the menu was a nice touch even though being Panamanian, I am very familiar with ceviche. I still liked to hear him go over how it's made, etc.  Not a lot of waiters/restaurants do that these days.  They just ask you what you want and don't explain anything.  He was also very well-versed with the menu which seems to not be of importance for a lot of restaurants these days to have their staff actually know the menu.  The restaurant itself paid homage to it's Cuban-style roots with gorgeous and colorful paintings adorning the walls.  The music was a mix of merengue and salsa which also fit with the theme.In all, Seviche is a great place to get some Latin-fusion food in Pittsburgh.  It's suitable for groups and couples.  They boast a very popular happy hour here.  Stop by and enjoy some really deliciously prepared food. I will be back next time I'm in town.
4	Sprung for the Cuban roll and Nigiri roll.  Both were excellent!!!  Happy hour specials on booze were phenomenal as well.  Can't go wrong with $3 dos equis lagers.  On top of that, our server Dale was phenomenal and catered to our every need.  He even changed the tvs to a basketball game at my friend's request.  Talk about excellent service!Also, everyone else in my party really seemed to enjoy the grass fed beef tacos, the pork empanada, and various ceviches.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who's looking for a place to eat in downtown.  Also, make sure to ask for Dale.  He's the best!
4	Just went for my second visit and it was just as good as I remembered! There's definitely something on the menu for everyone, and it's the perfect place to go with a group (small plates make for great sharing).I was craving some fresh fish when we went, so we had plenty to share: the Nigiri and Cuban roll, along with the traditional, tiradito, and asian tartare seviche. The table favorite by far was the Nigiri; the citrus vinaigrette really made the dish. The best way to order seviche is to pick your favorite three fish and styles, and let your server pair them up. They know the best flavor combinations and you'll definitely end up with a great dish. I think the only complaint we might have about the fish dishes is that the sauce on the sushi plates kept the rice from sticking together.We also shared a couple dishes from the tapas and bocadillos parts of the menu. Apparently most people pass on the tuna sliders since they're visiting for the raw, rather than cooked fish, but they were great, and definitely worth it for added bonus of the ancho fries on the side (I wish I could buy the spice blend they use on them, it was that good).This is one of my favorite places to go in Pittsburgh when I'm craving sushi or fresh, raw fish. The only reason I'm not there more often is that it's a bit of a trek to get downtown (a good think too, considering it's easy to pay $40 a head if come in hungry and order a drink).If you can, make reservations before you go (I made mine online an hour before we showed up), since the restaurant is a little small and seems like a pretty popular pre-show dinner stop.
4	We had a great experience at seviche. They are only open in the evenings, with one exception, they are open on Friday for lunch.While here we ordered the fire and ice, Asian, and tradito seviche. All were very good. However, we recommend the Asian the most.For a cocktail, their classico mojito is excellent!The service was very good with frequent visits from the wait staff.The venue itself is loud with Latin music, so might not be the best for a dinner conversation, but they do have outdoor seating that can give you an environment for conversation. The music allows the venue for those who have "moves" during the week. Those who dance look like they know what they're doing, so bring your "A" game or sit and watch like me.
5	Loved it! Had a fantastic evening! Great drinks, fun atmosphere, and delicious food! Tuna Tartar blew me away!
5	Order a caipirinha and the cuban sushi roll!I ALWAYS order this when I go.It's on the expensive side, but you will not be disappointed.The food is full of so many flavors in each dish!My boyfriend and I always go on Thursday nights when we can! It's our date night!Dress nicely as it is a more upscale place!
5	If you like Sushi and aren't afraid to try new things, this is the place for you!  As it stands, Seviche is one of my favorite places downtown - always great for a cocktail and a light, but filling meal, and is never disappointing.As frequent diners, we typically stick to the same tried and true selections: The Crab Fire & Ice are excellent as is the Tuna Tartare and the Cuban Sushi Roll.  The Bistec (kind of like a Filet Quesadilla) is a great ending when coming off of the lighter selections. And the service, whether dining outside, at the bar, or at the Sushi bar, is consistently outstanding with friendly, knowledgeable staff, who is always eager to be a part of your experience. This past visit, Gina was our server, and she was fantastic - very personal and attentive!Aside from the cuisine, Seviche also features house made Sangria and specializes in Mojitos... The perfect cure for the summer heat!
5	Amazing!!! The fish from the seviche bar was EXTREMELY fresh and delicious. I went with a girlfriend around Happy Hour and stayed for dinner. The drinks were great (a bit pricey but tasty). We tried a little bit of everything and everything we ordered was wonderful. The service was FANTASTIC and the manager even did a stop by to make sure we were having a good experience. I will DEFINITELY come here again. I recommend the following dishes: Puttanesca, Agave, and Avocado Corn SEVICHES, CORN AND GOAT CHEESE CROQUETTAS, BISTEC with filet, and CHARGRILLED FILET MIGNON. Yum!
4	AWESOME! Let me start by saying that the three of us came here after out wedding event after 12am. we were looking for a place to grab a bite and walked by this place. Fell in love with atmosphere, great music, fun bartenders and amazing food. they had some of the best tapas, some sushi style dishes, and amazing mojitos! i frequent Pittsburgh and will make it a point to stop by this place every time i am in town! Some of the amazing dishes include : beef tacos, chicken tostada, pork empanda, fire and ice ahi tuna, cuban sushi roll. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! ohhhhhhhhhhhh and the mango mojitos!!!!!
3	The food was good, the service was excellent, but I left hungry. I'm a vegetarian, and the vegy food just wasn't that filling, so perhaps it's a better choice for people who eat fish/meat.  It was pretty loud and difficult to talk.I went with a friend who cannot eat gluten, and the staff was very good at helping her find things she could eat.  They were extremely knowledgeable about gluten free food.
4	Food is okay - could be better.But Loved the atmosphere and the live jazz music if you're into that. I am a beer guy but am told that the mojitos here are amazing.Definitely, a good place to visit if you're in downtown.
5	Amazing friendly wait staff that I can always rely on to make good recommendations! I love the vibe here and would recommend it to everyone especially for their amazing happy hour drink prices - full sized cocktails for $5 - decent price for such a nice place!
5	Wow. The trio was off the hook!
5	I've been here twice while on business trips to Pittsburgh. Both times I ordered the chefs table (seven course tasting menu) and both were great.  Each consisted of three different seviche preparations, three hot tapas courses and a dessert course. The portions are just right to make the meal satisfying without being over filling.  Definitely worth checking out if your in the area.
4	I wanted a fun and somewhat eclectic place for doing a moderately priced happy hour.  Under those guidelines and those guidelines alone, Seviche would be 5 stars.  I ordered several items off the Happy Hour and Tapas menus and was pleased with taste and value of the items ordered.However, Seviche has its limitations....--you must like your fish incredibly raw or your non-fish incredibly greasy.   The menu may be eclectic, but it's not as strong in variety- for vegetarians, for those who keep kosher, for those who simply have a limitation on ingesting greasy things..... you must like your music loud and your fellow dinner members in a drink-to-get-drunk kind of mood... you must put up with an inefficient and inconsiderate wait staff that appears to be hired primarily on their ability to look good in a tight black outfit.I usually don't like to call out  wait staff, but when I am taking out clients on a company's dime, I like to tip, I like to tip well, and I look for opportunities to reward such behavior.  I arrived at the restaurant when service was very slow, when wait staff were plentiful, and even then the wait staff seemed more interested in each other than in asking if I wanted anything to eat or more water to drink.  It didn't help later in the night that the wait staff didn't bring out some food I had ordered and didn't check on our table.  I'm not asking for Ritz-Carlton service, but gee, it would be nice not to be embarassed in front of clients by shoddy service....
3	Stopped into Seviche on a recent Thursday night for a quick bite and yummy beverage.i like Seviche for several reasons, including its location in the downtown area and that I don't feel like I'm in Pittsburgh. It's trendy and this is appealing to me as a young business professional.So what did I order?I ordered a caipirinha and their Cuban sushi role, which was served as described: sticky rice and nori roll filled with salmon, calabaza, jicama and avocado, topped with spicy sushi tuna, crispy malanga frizzle, Siracha mayo and cit- rus ponzu.I enjoyed my first caipirinha so much that I decided to order another, but asked for more sugar in the raw (to sweeten it up a bit). There must've been a mix up at the bar, because my second beverage had no sugar. The waitress apologized and quickly returned with a new drink.Will I continue to return? Yup! If you haven't been, stop in for drinks and some food.
4	Great martini's here and great vibe.  Really enjoy starting the evening here.
5	I live in Chicago, and daily, I am tempted to hitch a bus to Pittsburgh, just for Seviche.The first time I stopped in, I was going to New York on a bunch of buses, and I had a stopover in Pittsburgh. I couldn't find anywhere to eat, since it was late-ish, so I called Seviche to make sure my t-shirt-and-jeans were acceptable, and I was off to the races.Great musicians, for starters. I wasn't smart enough to get any names, but they choose well. I was seated right in front of them, and I've got pretty sensitive hearing, but I didn't find it too loud or out of place. The service is second to none. I've literally never had better service anywhere. The recommendations were on-point, everything came out quickly, everybody was kind. I was pleasantly shocked.On top of all that, you end up with world-class ceviche. I had tuna with orange and plaintain chips, and a crab dish I didn't note the details of -- but the fact that I got seconds in the first place says something of the quality. Because I don't get seconds.You're out of excuses. Unless you've got a crippling seafood allergy, go.
5	I don't give out the Five Star rating lightly, in fact, I'm a pretty picky Yelp!er. This place deserves each and every star no questions asked. Atmosphere: Fun, lively and extremely colorful. The artwork that graces the walls is super interesting to look at, and the music selection is PERFECT for the vibe they're going for. Furthermore, high ceilings and a good table layout has the place feeling like the best spot to eat in the area. Service: Our server deserves six stars, and from what I saw around us, it seems ALL the servers deserve the same. Friendly isn't even the word, she made us feel like we were guests in her really cool apartment, and by the end was basically asking us to move to Pittsburgh (in a non creepy way)Food: Mouth watering... amazing... simply A+ with freshness and layout. Drinks: Strong and delicious If you're thinking of eating here, stop thinking and start doing!!
2	The food was subpar and the service below that.  We initially planned on a complete dining experience here, but after having the Seviche sampler, which only 1 of the 3 choices we selected was even above average we decided to take our taste buds elsewhere.  The decor is very nice, but the food and service don't match that quality.
5	Arguably the best rest. in Pittsburgh.  Surprised by the many 4 star reviews here, but probably due to the reviews by the locals who barely know what seviche is.  There is no peer for Seviche even in Manhattan, and perhaps the worst comment about the place would be the service...the girls are not always paying attention.As for the food, just top notch...a creative Cuban fusion theme and I havent had a bad meal at the place since I started frequenting it a few years ago when I am in town.  Solid Mojitos as well.
5	Felt like a piece of Miami dropped in downtown Pittsburgh. Excellent banana mojito, shrimp ceviche, and very creative goat cheese & corn croqueta. Nice music. Fun crowd. Wonderful service. We sat at the bar with a nice friendly attentive bartender. To top it off, good happy hour prices and a free sangria with a Yelp check in. All in all, great experience. I hope to go back again soon.
5	I had a great time last night in Seviche. I got there as soon as Happy Hour was starting. Happy Hour on a Saturday Night? That's unheard of!! We were seated at the bar where we could watch the chefs cook. Pretty Cool!! Our waitress was super nice and very helpful. One of the chefs came up to us and asked how we were enjoying the food and then offered us oysters. WHAT, AMAZING!!!! At one point I saw all the waiters dancing and laughing, they looked liked they really enjoyed their jobs. It was a great night with amazing food and even better service. You have to check this place out. I wish I knew everyones name.
5	Pittsburgh has a serious lack of quality ethnic food choices, and Seviche is without question the best of the available options.Having said that, Seviche is a worthwhile destination in its own right.The ceviche bar is unique, and the recommendations of the staff were on-point.  The sauce / fish combinations that I chose were excellent.  I also ended up ordering a  bocadillo, which was full of flavor, perfectly balanced, and filling.  The kitchen sent out some complementary tapas towards the end of the evening which, though I don't remember what they were, were also delicious.The wait staff was delightful, and kept me engaged the whole evening.The beer menu is lacking, and they only have bottles.  It's definitely more of a wine and cocktail type of restaurant.I'm tempted to dock a star because the music was obnoxiously loud by the end of the evening, but the overall experience was so outstanding that I'm happy to overlook it.
5	Really good food. Especially the croquettas! Service is great too :-) Plus you get a free glass of sangria when you check-in on yelp. 2 thumbs up!!
5	This is the first review I've posted but rely on Yelp when traveling and looking for good food - so here goes! Seviche  from start to finish was amazing. We walked in with triplet 2 year olds, 2 babies and 4 adults and there wasn't a sign of hesitation that they didn't want to deal with our entourage (they even stashed our strollers and got extra high chairs). Kudos to the manager! Ok, the food and drinks: AMAZING!!! Our waiter made recommendations and they were great!! We almost ordered something and he slyly advised against it. We enjoyed the happy hour drinks and tapas. Not a single complaint. We ordered mohitos, sangria, and a way too good rum drink (had a long name). For our dishes we tried 2 ceviches (shrimp and salmon), brisket tacos, empanadas and pulled chicken dish.     We had excellent service and excellent food! Thanks!!
3	Ok, when I lived in Pittsburgh, this was one of my favorite salsa venues.  It really does have a great vibe.  I dig the decor.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  I didn't ever actually eat there until a trip back last year and had this review been based on that experience it would have been 5 stars hands down.  Some of the best sushi I ever had.  I had been craving it for months when we went back to visit some family over Easter and I rushed to this place but was gravely disappointed.  Fish came out warm and limp and the criollo rolls (which were what I thought I had ordered last time) were a mix of raw fish and mayonnaise that brought about all of the worst possible associations.  Uh-uh.  I physically gagged when I put in my mouth.  Inedible.  That being said the staff was very accomodating, removed it from the bill and brought out the ginger ceviche to substitute which was very good in its own right unfortunately the rolls had already ruined raw fish for me for the night.  To be fair, it may have just been an off night as I did have drastically different experiences, but it will be a while before I try this again...
4	I went to Seviche for happy hour on a Friday evening. I work downtown and I never knew about this place, but really glad that I discovered it. First off, the waitstaff is wonderful. We couldn't get a table, so we sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome! She took command on a busy night. We ordered a bunch of tapas which were all tasty. And the food came out quickly. Seviche has good energy and a chill vibe. I will be back for sure.
5	I find myself thinking back to all of the seviche restaurants that I've been to throughout the years. East coast, west coast, islands, etc. This place is the one that my stomach craves. The ambiance is great for a fun and upbeat dinner experience. It isn't quiet by any means, but you can expect to feel instantly transported into a lively atmosphere. I ordered a pitcher of sangria to begin. The flavors were well-mixed and not watered down (as it is many times in Pittsburgh). To eat, my husband and I ordered a triple serving of seviche: Fire & Ice (my favorite), Grapefruit Ginger, and Peruvian Poke. I found this to be a lovely mixture of textures and tastes. The presentation was also nice, with a variety of colors - which I found to be nice. I also ordered a few tapas: Corn & Goat Cheese Croquettas, and the Pork Empanadas. Everything came out cooked to perfection. Overall,  I was pleasantly surprised to find this place in Pittsburgh!  I will say, make sure that you put in a reservation on weekends. We had a reservation, as recommended by a friend, and we are glad that we did. The place was packed!
4	happy hour is the best
5	First time at Seviche, we ordered 5 different plates and it was all really good.  My favorite would have to be the Crab Fire & Ice.  Decor is not my favorite but food and service is a 5 of 5
3	The food was very good  FRESH AND FLAVORFUL but I'm putting 3 stars because for the portion size the price should be 30% less, but the portion sizes were appropriate, your not over fed and you leave feeling satisfied but not stuffed, they also do not give you enough chips with the seviche which is silly when your ordering 3 small portions of seviche for $18.... Also they should include sides (beans and rice perhaps) the plate seems to be missing something when they  bring out one chili rellenos by itself and it costs $14.... Now the drinks were very delicious but for $8 the mango mojito should be stronger or in a larger glass. Service is very fast! You easily get your seviche within 10 min, and your main dish come out like 10/15 min later. Service is good but they should pay abit more attention to when your done with your starter and then bring out your main meal, we were still eating seviche when they brought our main dishes out and the table felt abit crowded for about 10 min.
5	Absolutely amazing.
4	Everything here was really tasty! The happy hour specials are pretty good too. It is a little bit louder than I would like and got packed pretty quickly. The fire and ice ceviche was delish... I also liked the sushi. Not so much a fan of all of the fruity drinks on the happy hour menu, but they have other stuff too.
4	I ate here this past Thursday evening with my fiance for dinner.  We decided to stop here before heading out to a show and so both of us were fairly dressed up.  Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted at the door by the host.  We did not have reservations and he was having a hard time finding us a spot until we promised not to take too long of a time.  After that we were shown to a table that had a reservation for later in the evening.  While taking us to our table he complimented the bow tie that I was wearing as did the server whenever he made it to our table.  We were sat a high top table in the middle of the restaurant with bars to both our front and back.  Since it was happy hour, we decided to get some drinks that were on special with fiance ordering the sangria while I went with a mojito.  After our server left I checked in on Yelp and was pleasantly surprised by the check in offer of a free sangria.  Perfect since we had already ordered one!  The inside of the restaurant was bright and vibrant yet was also comforting.  I think that it also gave off quite a Latin feel which I imagine based upon the food was what they were going for.For dinner my fiance and I decided to split a bunch of different small plates and also a roll of sushi so that we could try a bunch of different items.  Beyond the sushi roll we also went with a shrimp seviche that was on the happy hour menu and then a triple from the seviche bar from which you could pick both the preparation and the seafood.  We went with Shrimp in the Avocado and Corn seviche,  Bahamian Conch in the Traditional seviche and ahi Tuna in the Fire and Ice seviche.  The first item that came out was the sushi roll.  While I am not exactly sure what it was since my fiance was the one that ordered it, it was delicious.  It was topped off with something crispy and had a sauce (ponzu perhaps?) on its base that was delicious.  After we were almost done with the sushi roll the rest of our items came out.  My favorite of the bunch was the fire and ice with ahi tuna as it had a great taste and cold temperature as it went down and then the heat from the peppers came on the back end.  All were quite good though and I ended up enjoying them.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future, especially during happy hour.  I loved the vibe of the place and also everything that I had to eat here.  The food itself would have been 5 stars had it not for for portion sizes.  You don't get a lot of food for you money here and I actually ended up eating a full pizza later in the night.  However, I knew that might be the case whenever I walked in and I was still mighty impressed with Seviche!
4	Great service, loved ordering as we went through the night
3	3.0 / 5 - Asian Tartare with Tuna2.0 / 5 - Cuban Sushi Roll: Very salty3.0 / 5 - Bistec4.0 / 5 - Peruvian Poke
4	Great mojitos!  Fun place to meet for cocktails.
4	This place is so tasty... expensive... but tasty.The best thing that I had here was the crab salad, but they only had it the first time i went, boo.  The whole ceviche style is very unique, though portion sizes are small (I know, it's tapas).  You definitely might end up paying a lot of money and walking out a bit hungry... but everything will taste great!The servers are delightful and are quick to make suggestions on what combinations work well together.  The atmosphere is nice, though be careful if you get a high-top table near the bar.  There are several d-bags there (you can spot them easily, they're usually in leather coats) trying to hit on the girls, and it can be pretty obnoxious while you're trying to enjoy your delicious meal.
2	Not impressed. The entrees were overpriced for the quality of the food as well as the portion size. I've never seen a seafood paella so small for $18. The atmosphere was cute and the sangria was pretty good but the food was disappointing. :-/
5	I first ate at a restaurant down in Florida by the same name, although I later came to find this was not the same one. I did my research, and thought this place really appealed to me. I like to try many types of food and have somewhat adventurous taste min food.  Since it is a tapas restaurant, I made sure to order off the tapas and ceviche menu rather than an entree. I ended up having ahi tuna ceviche in the Latina credo style with pesto and sriracha, the artisan cheese plate tres quesos,  Cuban sushi, and  my husband had the fire and ice crab ceviche with habaneros and prickly pear granita. We got lucky, and sat at the bar to watch the chefs, and the sous chef accidentally messed up a special order, so we got the mess up on the house. He served us a Peruvian  po me style ceviche with toasted pine nuts, pesto, herbs and spices and olive oil.  Everything was deliscious beyond words and full of intense flavor. The Cuban sushi which incorporated both salmon and tuna along with jicama was probably one of our faves. My ceviche was deliscious, as we're the pickled vegetables it was served on. The. Cheese plate included Manchego cheese, a marbled sage cheese and the barely buzzed beehive, a mixture of 4 cheeses with the end dipped in espresso grinds. The barely buzzed was strong and had wonderful taste. The fire and ice crab ceviche was spicy but not as spicy as I thought. The sensation of heat from the habaneros and the iciness of the prickly pear granita resulted in a sensation and flavor explosion. It is definitely worth trying. The Peruvian poke scallop ceviche was very flavorful and a nice counter to the spicier ceviches we had. For dessert we ordered soapapillas which came with a sorbet trio of strawberry, coffee and tropical. The  environment is very upbeat with lots of Latin infused music and bright colors and decorations reminiscent of jazz in New Orleans.  I had a wonderful experience with everything from the ambiance to the food and will definitely be back.
5	Staff was very knowledgeable and helpful with pairing selections for the tapas menu which were fantastic.
4	Great food, Great experience! A pgh must.
5	This may be my new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Everything about our experience was fantastic!  We didn't have reservations but were seated at the sushi table.  It was very interesting watching as the various items were prepared.  There are great happy hour specials on both food and drinks.  We were able to sample more than we would have otherwise.  There is also a free sangria if you check in on Yelp!  The $5 happy hour appetizers include a shrimp and a salmon ceviche.  We each tried one and both were tasty and unique.I ordered the triple ceviche.  I enjoyed that there was a large variety to choose from.  All were very tasty.  I tried the traditional, fire and ice and corn and avocado preparations.  I asked the waiter for recommendations for which of my fish choices went best with each and they did a fantastic job selecting.  I also ordered the Nicaragua chicken wings since I had been to Nicaragua and love wings.  I was not disappointed.  I was stuffed but still was tempted to order more it was so good.  The one down side is that it was very loud in the space.  Not sure if it is the design of the room or just the night I was there, but at times it was hard to hear conversation.Overall a very enjoyable experience and I can't wait for my next visit!
5	Best restaurant downtown
4	The food here is solid, especially for Pittsburgh. If you are staying downtown at the Westin, it's one of the better options (in one of the worst areas of the city IMO). We had a variety of food and all of it was on par for the pricing.
5	This was my time in Pittsburgh and my very first meal; I was not disappointed. Besides the fact that the food was fresh and completely flavorful, our server Tony gave us the epitome of great service. Definitely make Seviche a stop on your tour of downtown Pittsburgh.
5	Our first time here and we weren't really sure what to expect... Tony (out waiter) did a great job of explaining the menu and offered excellent recommendations. Next time we are in Pittsburgh, we will be sure to return!
4	I had a great time at this resturant on Pittsburgh light up night thanks to the excellent service I received. The decor is bright and colorful and the open kitchen is a real show. The food for the most part was really good. The problem was the items that were good were really good and bursting with flavor but they really over shadowed items that were less flavorful.  We made the mistake of ordering some  of the "light up night special tapas" that were put to shame by the rest of the meal. I was in a group of 4 at happy hour which allowed us to try many different tapas. We had 2 preparations of sushi,  the traditional preparation with shrimp was fantastic and fresh tasting while the avocado with corn prep paired with salmon was good but not as good as traditional.We also had the beef brisket tacos and the salmon tacos, the beef tacos were very good with flavorful tender beef  but the salmon tacos which were a "Light Up Nite special" were not very flavorful at all and the fish, while cooked well was not seasoned at all. It was basically a small piece of fish on a tortilla.We tried the Chicken quesadillas and Vegatarian tostada both very good with creamy melted the cheese and a great cre'me fraiche. The Cuban sushi roll was amazing the meld of perfectly coordinated flavors  made this my favorite dish of the night and I highly recommend it. I was conflicted by the Nicaraguan wings. The chicken was cooked perfectly but the sweet smoky almost charred flavor was a bit off this was not helped by the almost flavorless jicama ranch which accompanies them. I wouldn't get them agian.The Corn and goat cheese croquettas were perfect creamy, crunchy, and delicious. The dab of herb coulis that adorns theses was the best sauce of the night. I wished I had a bowl of it for dipping. My only critique is I would have l loved more of  them.However the Crab cakes, also a light up night special, are hardly worth writing about. Don't get them I'm glad they are not on the regular menu.The free sangria came in handy with such an expensive meal but the mojitos were the star.I will be coming back and I make it my goal to try the whole menu.
5	The food is to die for.  I don't make it down very often because it is pretty pricey, but the food is absolutely amazing every time I go.  Definitely a unique restaurant with incredible flavors.
4	Tapas with a twist! Interesting combinations of fish, sometimes with a hint of Mexican sometimes Asian. Really liked the all their tapas but not a fan of the big plate that we ordered. Though the flavors came out beautifully it was a little greasy for my taste, would have preferred it to have the fresh burst of flavors the smaller plates had. Other than this enjoyed the sangria, the presentation of the food and service!
4	This was a great find!  We had the salmon sushi, fire & ice shrimp ceviche, corn & avacado crab ceviche, ahi tuna ceviche.  We couldn't even pick which one we liked best.  They were all fantastic. Since we are not dessert people we decided to try the goat cheese and polenta small plate.  This place is great for sharing.  Top it off with a nice bottle of Malbec, it was great.  You leave nicely satisfied but not stuffed which is perfect.  If us Clevelanders ever find ourself back in Steelers town we would go back to this restaurant for sure.  I hate to admit it but we really liked Pittsburgh.  Don't tell our friends back home. ;)
3	Tried this for the first time last night. It was pretty good, but one thing that really annoys me about any restaurant (see my review for Verde) is when the entire restaurant is filled up with reservations and they cannot even seat a walk-in for 2 people! And the restaurant is empty! Really?!We had the Avocado and Corn Ceviche, the Mojo Criollo Nigiri, and the Avocado Estrato with Crab. All were delicious! The Mojo Criollo was my favorite. Everything tasted super fresh and flavorful. The servings were a good size (my date and I shared).The wine was meh. You would think for a place that's like a tapas and wine bar, the wine would be better. I ordered the Frontera Sauvignon Blanc, which I often buy myself at the liquor store. No SLO wine? Hm. Lame. I hate paying $9 for a glass of wine at a restaurant I can easily buy myself for $10 at the liquor store. Seems more justified if it is at least a SLO bottle.Service was good, and I had a nice time. I would come back.
2	I was not impressed. By anything. I will say that now I am more determined to make ceviche at home, which I'm sure will be better.
5	This is my favorite place in Pittsburgh for a fantastic mojito and delicious tapas. There is always friendly and helpful service if you are need help picking something to eat (because with all good options it gets tough). The Cuban roll is out of this world delicious! Also, great happy hour options. Cheers!
4	Seviche gets 4 stars for it's amazing SERVICE (I was here for a birthday party with a big group) and it's wings.  I'm not much of a tapas fan and I had a friend who didn't eat seafood - so the menu was a little hard for us.  We ordered the wings and a sushi roll, which were both great!The Wings - Nicaraguan style wings and cooked perfectly.  They aren't your sauce-y buffalo wings, but are a dry rub with some spice, which was just the right bit of spicy for me!
5	We stopped in for pre-theater dinner and LOVED it. Attentive, friendly and knowledgeable servers, excellent mojitos and wonderful food, we ordered 5 small dishes and everyone was awesome. Goat cheese croquettas, tuna sliders, vegetarian  tostadas all yummy. We will haventomgonto the theater more often so we can come back! Totally worth a drive from the south hills
4	I went with my husband to celebrate my birthday tonight and it was delicious. Everything tasted fresh and it was definitely on the healthier side, which is hard when most restaurants load you with fat to add easy flavor. We had 3 types of ceviche and all were delicious as well as mussels and chorizo wrapped scallops. The mussels were cooked perfectly and not rubbery nor undercooked, and the scallops were tasty and served on an absolutely AMAZING polenta corn. Definitely my favorite part. The only drawbacks were that the service was a little on the slow side and the decor was odd. It says it's supposed to remind you of South Beach, but we just moved here from Florida and it's nothing at all like Miami. It's way too busy and just plain odd. Definitely will go back!
4	It was delicious, but they were out of about 4 things that I tried to order!  That just means it's fresh, so I wasn't upset (it was a little late for dinner also).  The scallops were amazing, by far the best dish, and the polenta was.... wow.  Best polenta I've ever had (and I like polenta).
4	Stumbled in here one night while I was in town on business and I'm sure glad I did! Free sangria if I check in? Ok sure why not, it was awesome and all the tapas we ordered were great as well. And the service couldn't have been better. Will be returning when  back for another business trip next year.
5	Great restaurant with a Cuban fusion menu.  The wait staff and servers are efficient and pleasant.  Food consists of tasty small plates as well as larger platters.  It's a lot more fun sharing the the eclectic small plates of Latin fused dishes.  Priced are quite reasonable and happy hour makes a dinner even more reasonable.  Desert was a decadent Mexican chocolate mousse.  Never been disappointed with our meals.
4	I really do love this place. The food is heathy and delicious and the servers (especially Tony) make it fun and a great experience. The best thing I've had is the tuna tartare something or whatever (just ask them and they can tell you). SO much flavor. It's delicious.
3	Simply put, the food is delicious. However, the portions are extremely small. In order to leave this place full, you'll spend a pretty penny. I wouldn't recommend this place if you're a big eater but it would be a terrific spot to go before or after a show for a light snack and drink.
4	A colorful little place in the heart of the cultural district downtown. This place has got some flair!Went here for a Saturday night out with a group who had pre-planned - reserved a few high top tables and had pre-ordered lots of tapas and pitchers of margaritas and mojitos. The place was pretty perfect for that sort of thing - easy to socialize, a staff that was attentive and accommodating, and just really super fun. I've been here before - sat at the bar, which again, involved tapas, mojitos and margaritas....see a trend? This place is meant for fun cocktails and flavorful little dishes. Perfect for good times!
3	The fish looks fresh, the decor and ambiance are what you'd expect in the financial district, and how could you not love the concept of a mix-and-match ceviche restaurant?Nothing was notably bad, but there was also nothing that I'd call notably great. We got conch, scallop and oyster ceviche, using the ice-and-fire, the standard, and the lemony ceviche toppings. The oyster with ice-and-fire was pretty innovative, but the flavors failed to amaze. Everything was a bit over-lemoned and under spiced, which was my main complaint with the place. We got a sushi roll, and it was nothing I couldn't have gotten at a generic Japanese restaurant across town. The prices were pretty steep considering the lackluster flavors.If I'm being completely honest about my experience here, it was just so-so. I won't return, but if you like less strongly flavored raw seafood dishes, or are a beginner to raw fish, consider this training wheels.
5	My wife and I have been here numerous times and love it every time. We love coming for happy hour and ordering almost everything on the happy hour menu. Almost everything we get here is packed with tons of flavor. Some of our favorite items are the tuna tartare, fire and ice, and the BLT taco. Drink wise, I loved the caipirinha the last time we were here. And its only $5 during happy hour!
5	Excellent!!!First of all, Emily, our waitress was fantastic. Gave excellent recommendations, very cheery, and very attentive. The good menu had recently changed from tapas, which was why we were trying this restaurant, but the new menu was great and still able to be shared tapas style. Tacos tacos tacos, delicious!!!!!!
4	In town for business and used Yelp to find a place. This was a great find in downtown.
5	We went to Seviche following a show at a theatre downtown on a Wednesday evening. We were visiting from Michigan and think this was our favourite dining experience while in Pittsburgh. We had an amazing server, Tony who suggested the fire and ice Seviche appetizer. What an awesome experience to try! (I ordered without the spice and it was still amazing..) we also ordered three tacos and a meal to split, the scallops. Overall I can't say enough positive things about this place and know I'll return if ever back in Pittsburgh. Everything was fresh and amazing and again, awesome service!!! Thanks Seviche and tony!! :)
4	I had the seviche starter and crabcakes for dinner. Everything tasted very good, I think the only problem with it was the portions are really small so don't think of sharing! My friend had the carne asada and that was great too.
3	I am dissapointed with the overhaul in their menu!!!! I have been to this place multiple times and it has a great atmosphere - upbeat, loud, great bar, awesome sangria, nice staff, however the "recent" lack of Seviche options does not go down well with me. Hence the 3 stars instead of the 4 (which I would have given them otherwise).I was craving the Fire and Ice Oysters ever since New Year's eve dinner, and dragged the Mrs. to Seviche only to find their new menu - tacos, enchiladas, chips and salsa?? Well, not that I could do much I decided to go with the flow. Our server was Tony, who was very friendly, quickly got me a Sangria (free with a yelp check in) and explained the new menu. He recommended some popular dishes (tacos) that would accompany the limited Seviche dishes. We got the Crab Fire and Ice Seviche, Mojo Nigiri (they were out of Salmon so only Tuna), Asian Tuna Tartare, and all the tacos except the Seviche taco.For the newbies, do not miss out on any of their Fire and Ice Seviches (in case they change their menu again). The Crab Fire and Ice Seviche was served in a spoon, beautifully doused with lime juice accompanied by Jalapenos (fire), Pear Granita (ice) and cilantro --- Perfect. I didn't care much for the fish taco, or the BLT taco which was just two think chunks of bacon, but the chorizo taco was good (was just missing some seasoning - more cilantro, lime juice, jalapenos maybe).  3 tacos and 2 Seviche dishes were plenty for me and I barely made it through to the dessert round - Tres Leches Cake i.e. white cake with sweetened milk and strawberries. I must say this was something I had not tried before The sweetened milk made the cake more sweet and moist and gave it a very interesting taste. I loved it!!! Could have eaten one more if not for my bursting stomach...My food highlights - Crab Fire and Ice Seviche, Tres Leches CakeMy food disappointments - lack of Seviche optionsI don't know if I will make it here with an empty stomach but definitely for some drinks and dessert.
1	To Whom It May Concern:On Monday, I posted the following on your Facebook page:"I attended SCC's Out of Hand on Saturday night with my partner who was hired to photograph the event.  After enjoying a few of your delicious tacos, I was appalled to find out at the end of the evening that he was not allowed to. All volunteers, staff and hired help were allowed to and even encouraged to eat at all the other vendors. Participating in an event like this is an opportunity to showcase your delicious food specifically to people who may not have been to your establishment before, and hopefully gain new customers.  Unfortunately, due to the rudeness of your staff at the event denying my partner food and referring to him as a 'random person,' you've taken two existing customers and fans and ensured that they won't return."Today, after receiving a notification that someone at Seviche had responded, it turned out that, in fact, that response and the original post had been deleted.  What a cowardly, unprofessional, and shameful way to handle criticism for bad behavior. Only goes to show that I am correct in no longer wanting to patronize your business.
4	Will start by saying this was my first time visiting.  The waitress told us the menu was brand new (and I see some reviewers that aren't happy about that).  It's not really a Tapas restaurant now, and i guess it's more mexican in nature than it was before (according to our server).They have a number of tacos to select from ala carte and I went that direction.  Had a Chorizo (very good!), a BLT (basically pork belly with veggies...also very good) and lamb, which I didn't care for as much (lamb was a bit dry and didn't like the radishes).  As a table, we shared an appetizer that was basically fries covered with queso fundido and bacon.  Very tasty!  Service was good, nice ambience, outdoor seating though limited.  Menu was appealing so will be back to try more.
5	Sangria is the best I have had! The fire & ice Ceviche is amazing! The smoked lamb tacos were "the best taco" my boyfriend ever had.  Service was perfect!
3	The food was average.  I've had better.
5	Took the wife out for our 5 year anniversary last night. We made a reservation to sit at the chef table. This was our very first time at this restaurant and Chef Jimmy and his crew made our experience unbelievable! We tried a variety of the dishes Chef Jimmy and his crew made  and each and every one of them was top notch.  The bold flavors and the contrast of textures were a delicious surprise! If you decide to go there after reading this review you have to sit down with Chef jimmy and his crew and you will not be disappointed. Thank you again for the best anniversary dinner.
5	By far the best upscale Mexican/Latin restaurant I've been to.  The food is absolutely delicious.  My experience with most upscale restaurants is that the portions are small.  Seviche does not follow that rule, the portions are a good size! The service is superb.  Being that it was my first time there, the waiter was extremely knowledgable and answered all of my questions.  He was also very attentive, making sure my boyfriend and I were well taken care of.  The manager, Jennifer, introduced herself as well, and visited our table regularly to talk and make sure we were doing well.  The food was the best Latin food I've ever had.  It was full of so many different flavors that all complimented one another. Overall, I would definitely return, and I can see Seviche being a regular spot for my boyfriend and I.
3	The general manager has reached out to me to apologize and to offer a credit if we choose to go there again. I appreciate the way she has handled it, whether or not we decide to take her up on her offer.
5	Wow. This place is amaZing. I was on a business trip from Dallas. I loved everything.
4	Decor - not bad, but nothing really special.Food - pretty good! I really liked the various types of seviche they offered which included the fire and ice, the crab and I believe the green seviche. Be aware that the fire and ice comes with a giant purple glob which is the ice! They come in little spoons (fancy, I know) so they are perfect for a group of people. I ordered the chicken mole which was good. I don't like curry that much so it was a little iffy but as an over all plate it is well done and the others liked it.Service- they were very accommodating. I was with a table of 8 and they made the space for us. The waiter was new but very sweet. He did great for being so new! Drinks - delicious!!! The strawberry balsamic was great as was the black smoke. Also don't forget to check in for the sangria! I would recommend for anyone looking for a big group to go out.
4	Great place....love that they're changing from small plates to lots of plates, big plates, just plates full of really great food.We had a delicious meal, the pisco sour was pretty darn good and the atmosphere was good. This is a great place to come to over and over.
4	My first time to Pittsburgh on business and this is the third great restaurant I've been to.  The venue is nice--high ceilings so it can be a bit noisy, but tolerable.  I started out with a tuna carpaccio that was quite good.  The divers scallops were outstanding.  They were served on a bed of grits with tiny cubes of very smoky bacon.  Sadly, you only get six small scallops, so for me it was more like an appetizer--I could've eaten three times the amount!  For dessert I had a peach pana cotta that was a great finish to the meal.  It tasted like a creamsicle, with a peach layer underneath and a traditional white pana cotta on top.  Slices of peaches capped the dish.Service was a bit uneven considering the number of diners but not enough to cost it points.I'd definitely return as there were a number of other interesting items on the menu.In terms of value for the dollar, I would rate it a bit over the top.  My three items (plus iced tea) cost $48, so with tip it was pretty steep.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It's my favorite type of food, after all. But, for the price and the hype, it kept leaving me disappointed. We both got a cocktail - I got the michelada verde. They were ok, despite the fact that the lime garnish was browning. We ordered from the happy hour menu and the regular menu - Kiwi-lime salmon ceviche (good, but was missing something), shrimp tostadas (ok, but very salty), and two little pigs (everything was cold, and the pork belly was way over salted, like biting into a greasy slab of salt). At least the service and ambiance were good!
4	I'll start by saying that I miss Seviche's former menu -- ordering to your palate and preference (and to dietary restrictions) was much easier. That said, they still do a GREAT service to ceviche and sushi. Happy Hour is the best time to visit for the best deals (Friday is always a little nuts though) and to try some small bites from the menu. And I still haven't had a better Sangria in the city. Three tuna rolls (with all the wasabi aioli) and a pitcher of red Sangria for this reviewer.
4	I can't speak to previous reviewers' knowledge of the changing menu at Seviche. I'm an out-of-towner who followed the recommendations of my fellow Yelpers in an effort to find somewhere to eat on the Strip before a show at Heinz.What a delight. Seviche takes a very playful, creative approach to its Latin American cuisine. I had three different tacos and I loved all of them. Their bacon is thick and made on-site. Fruits complement the flavors of meats and shellfish. Sauces are fascinating. Great stuff.I knocked off a star for two reasons: 1) I was told the chorizo was Spanish chorizo, not Mexican chorizo. It was definitely Mexican. I know Spanish chorizo like I know my armpit. It physically cannot appear in the form of ground pork.2) The flourless chocolate cake was good, but the portion was surprisingly small with respect to the generous portions of the dinner entrees, and I feel that $8 was a bit much for such a miniscule dessert.Still, inventive, fresh food and attentive service. There are plenty of other menu items I'm eager to try.
4	Any place that rewards my check-in with a tasty on-the-house Sangria is A-OK with me!  Especially since I would have checked-in regardless.  We had 8:30 reservations on a Saturday.  When we got there, there were a few tables open in this hip Cuban style restaurant.  Our waitress greeted us quickly and supplied our Sangrias within 5 minutes.  She inquired if we were ready and I said I needed a minute.  She left to attend to a much bigger party, and we were quickly greeted by another server who explained he would be helping because she was taking care of a bachelorette party.  He described the menu, how ceviche is made and was very informative.  However, when he left our original waitress appeared as the party table was wrapping up, I am guessing to go party a little more hardy... I decided I wanted to try the Fire and Ice Seviche with salmon.  She kind of shuttered, and said most people don't choose that with the F&I... Ok I love getting suggestions from the servers... She said most like crab or Ahi Tuna... Well then I will go with the crab... It was fabulous... I loved the balance of heat and citrus and herbs to cool it down.  Definitely a winner.   The drink I decided on next was a Manhattan featuring Wigle Whisky, holy snikes, it was almost as much as my main meal!  It was good, had a punch, but I couldn't blow the whole budget on cocktails!  Or could I??Next we both got a trio of taco's.  My husband went with BBQ Short ribs tacos, were as I played mix and match and got one BBQ Short rib, on Baja Fish, and one BLT.  We both really enjoyed the BBQ Short Rib taco but it was such a small amount of fillings in the shell.  The shell stood a good inch above where the filling ended.  Kind of disappointing there.  My Baja Fish was really tasty but it was a little dry.  It needed an aioli or slaw something.  Good flavor, just needed a boost.  The last taco, the BLT was by far my favorite.  Filled to the top with the pickled veg and romaine, and the pork belly boats sat on top.  I call them boats because they were big strips not bite sized cuts which I thought was way better than cutting them up.  The prices on our tacos were not bad but since the short rib one was so skimpy my husband was still quite hungry, so I talked him into getting dessert... HA!  Yea like someone really needs to talk him into dessert; ) He ordered the flourless chocolate cake.  It was good and he enjoyed it but it was a bit pricey for the size.  And unfortunately he left hungry.  I on the other hand was satisfied so I can't complain and I am sure we will be back to sample some other dishes.
4	A 10pm - 12pm Happy Hour? That includes 1/2 off drinks and awesome Ceviche!Yes please!Came here with about 10 buddies for my birthday, and had a great time! Amazing food - the ceviche here is just mind blowingly awesome. Each bight is an explosion of flavour, with just the correct level of spices and acids to complement the fish. The food was delicious - I will never be able to look at grits in the same way again. The drinks are awesome and strong.The only reason this place gets a 4 star was the servers seemed slightly frazzled - not sure if it was our group size that threw them off, but kept making little mistakes, like forgetting to take a persons order etc. They immediately came back and made reparations, but still.... 4.5 star?
5	Okay; so I was in from out of town and found this place on Yelp, and they offered a free glass of sangria!!! SIGN ME UP. I was kind of nervous because I was dining alone, but the hostess was so nice and told me to sit at the chefs bar. (Awesome suggestion)When I sat down I was greeted by my server Mark(who was the nicest guy) and explained everything to me and made some great suggestions. For my appetizer I went with the Fire & Ice seviche. So so so so so good. I ordered mine a little less spicy and with king Alaskan salmon. Let me tell you; this fish; amazing. For my entree I went with a dish called 2 little pigs. I'm sure you can tell by he name what it consistent of. Pork. Ginger ale bacon. Fried plantains. And grits with pineapple. This was mind blowing. For dessert I went with the peach panacotta. So delicious. No coconut for me though. Gross. All while drinking some amazing drinks throughout. The sangria was delish. And even more so bc it was free. I also got a manhattan. This drink is not for the faint of heart. It's strong and had an awesome bite! And for my finale I went with the grapefruit martini. It was a great night. Everyone there was SUPER NICE. By the end of the night I didn't even realize I had just enjoyed dinner alone, the staff and regulars were super engaging. All in all this was by far a great choice. The atmosphere is great. They have a chefs bar and a regular bar. And they were playing some pretty rockin music. It was also a beautiful night, so they had their giant windows open and it really set the mood. If you are in the area; THIS IS A MUST.
5	Last night, I had one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh in a long time. I started with the Beef Cheek Empanada, which I could have eaten a entire dinner of, and a (free by checking in on Yelp) glass of sangria. Since it was happy hour, I chose two tacos for dinner: the Baja Fish (with mahi mahi) and the BLT. The Baja Fish was as delicious as any authentic fish taco I've had in Mexico or Baja; and, the BLT (pork belly and pickled cherry tomatoes is my new favorite combo) was the perfect flavor profile of savory, salty, sour, and sweet. And, based on my mom's satisfaction with her choices as well, it seems Seviche is good at everything they do in the kitchen!Our waiter Tony was incredible - friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about both the menu and the owner's other restaurants, which I now intend to try. Even with a completely packed bar and full indoor/outdoor table (impressive for a Tuesday), we did not wait for additional drinks and the timing of our plates coming out was impressive. I am an immediate fan of Seviche and will absolutely be back to eat and drink my way through the rest of the menu!
5	Super nice food and service. We ordered steak and salmon and they tasted really great. Definitely would recommend to others.
5	Went by Seviche for dinner tonight and I was thoroughly impressed with the food. Everything, from the ceviche to the main entree, I was really happy with the food. Our server, Tony, was also great! Great personality and energy- he took great care of us. I ordered the sofrito mango; it was both sweet and savory. I also order the Jimmy Roll- MUST item to order. It was everything in that one bite-burst of flavors. I am so glad I came by here. If I was ever in Pittsburgh again, I would definitely come back here. Thanks again for the wonderful food and staff Seviche!:)
1	New menu does not tickle my fancy. No more cuban sushi roll. Boo hoo.
5	In town for my birthday and decided on Seviche sure to great reviews and the gluten free menu. Service was amazing, our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and assured me my food would be prepared safely...very important for us celiacs! I checked in with yelp and got my free sangria, it was so tasty I paid for a second! The food was amazing, flourless chocolate cake is a must! We even got a chance to speak to the head chef. He was super nice and chatted a bit with us regarding the menu and their gf prep training. Can't wait to come back!
2	Came here expecting some good food, drinks and service. The only thing good were the drinks and the ceviche. Let's start with the service. We ended up staying an hour and a half, mostly due to wait times. During that time our waitress came to us all of four times, which ended up being when she sat us down, once to replace my drink, and the other two times were to take our empty starter plates. We had to flag her down to get our check. Of our two starter plates, only the ceviche came quickly. The other starter, the papas fritas y queso fundido, took 45 minutes to show up.On to the actual quality of the food. The ceviche was pretty good, though from the appearance of the scallops it didn't look like they had marinated for long enough. The papas fritas on the other hand was basically way overcooked fries and pork belly with an OK sauce and a little bit of some other sauce that was extremely spicy. I say this as someone who likes decently spicy foods, and from the amount of spice in this other sauce I'm glad only a couple teaspoons was put onto the fries. We were still hungry at this point and when our waitress came to take the plate for our fries away, we ordered a couple of the mushroom tacos. Luckily we got these pretty quickly, but they weren't very good. The sauce had a very weird flavor and both tacos had one spot where they tossed a large amount of black pepper on it. Overall, not enthused and not returning.
5	I loved it. Perfect Pittsburgh summer night spent sitting in their sidewalk patio sipping on a margarita. The atmosphere was great, the service was friendly, attentive, and impeccable. I had the greens and shared the plantain chips with an assortment if salsas. Delicious!  The fish tacos were amazing. But my friend ordered the crispy tofu and it's blend if flavor had us all declaring it our favorite dish!
4	Had a great dinner last night at Seviche,  Of course we went for the ceviche as my gf and I are huge fresh raw fish fans and having a love for south american prepared foods I needed to give this a shot.  We tried the Tradito, Fire & Ice and Sofrito Mango preparations.  I felt out of the 3 tried the fire and ice had the most traditional and delicious ceviche flavor.  Alittle spice but nothing crazy and a great overall fresh, cold base too it.  The tradito was a little plain for me and just tasted like ahi tuna with olive oil and some spices.  The Sofrito Mango preparation was great aswell, served tartar style with plantain chips for dipping, would recommend also not to fruity at all.       I underestimated how much I would enjoy their 2 for $20 tacos, and I nailed the choices on that one. The carnitas were amazing , very tender and moist and just enough spice.  The tortilla was toasted very nice aswell.  Enjoyed the BBQ short rib taco aswell.  I would go back and stick to the small offerings like ceviche and tacos but none of the entrees really captured my interest.  I also enjoyed a pisco sour and red sangris, the sangria was one of the better i've had.
5	I was pleasantly surprised at just how much I enjoyed Seviche.  My fellow Yelp reviewers are spot-on regarding this restaurant.   I am in Pittsburgh for work every couple of weeks and usually try to eat somewhere different each time, based on the location of the hotel that I am staying at.  Seviche was within close proximity to The Courtyard Hotel and also a block or so away from the Benedrum Theater where I had tickets to see Cats, the Musical.  My dinner reservation was for 6:30, I arrived a little bit early so that I could check out Happy Hour.  Elizabeth and Josh were manning the bar and did an awesome job in making me feel welcome.  I ordered the much talked about Sangria, which was $5 during Happy Hour, but free based on my first check-in at Seviche, thru Yelp.   It was tasty, I must admit.   I checked in for my dinner reservation and since i was dining alone, I asked if I could sit at the Chef's Table, because I enjoy watching food prep.  I was seated and immediately approached by my server.  She asked if I had ever dined there before (no) and was I familar with the concept/preparation of their namesake dish (yes).  There are a number of seviche options to choose from and then there is also an option to add your protein.  The signature seviche is the Fire & Ice, I opted for the black bean & corn with fresh jumbo lump crab meat.   I had the opportunity to watch the prep of my dish.  The dish was served with an ample portion of plaintain & tortilla chips.   This dish was AWESOME!!!!! Everything was fresh and flavorful, I could have easily ordered another portion.   I also ordered the "greens" salad which was artfully prepared and served.  Mixed greens, tomatoes, and walnuts d in balsamic drizzled with balsalmic dressing.   My server recommended that I try the Junior Roll, which I did choose for my entree.   The Roll, is in essence and sushi roll, battered and deep fried then sliced into coins and topped with a mixture of avocado & crab topped with sriracha and then drizzled with a sriracha aioli and ponzu.  The Junior Roll was really GOOD!!!! Great recommendation.   Having the opportunity to sit at the Chef's Table gave me an opportunity to see who was behind putting out such great food.   Huge shout out to Dwayne....he handled all of the cold prep and service, but was also instrumental helping others (who seemed a bit new) keep track of their orders, grill items etc.  He was patient in giving them direction, while never losing track of the task at hand.   Dwayne....you ROCK!   I typically don't visit the same restaurant twice when I am in Pittsburgh, but in the case of Seviche, I might have to make an exception.  Highly Recommend this place!
1	Wow... all we could say after this meal was bland, bland, bland. Everything sounded so good too. And our service was atrocious.  What a let down!
2	Underwhelmed. Going on a whim and not making a reservation, we were able to secure seats at the bar without a wait.  We started by redeeming our free sangria (thanks Yelp!) and ordered tea- honey mojito.  Drinks came quick and were quite good.  Josh, our bartender gave us menu's.  We were ready to order in a few minutes but our order was not taken for approx 15 min, not a major thing as we were at the bar and the place was packed. We started with a fire and ice ceviche with lump crab, the ceviche of the day(can't remember what it was) with oysters  and three taco's(fish, BBQ short ribs and the pork belly).  Then we waited.....and waited.  Approx. 45 min later we got our ceviche,  to wait that long for what is essentially a pre-marinated raw seafood is absurd.  The portions were small.  5 small soup spoons of the fire and ice, which were just OK.  Only 4 small oysters on the half shell, much more flavorful then fire and ice.  Because of the size and wanting more then a spoon of ceviche, we then ordered tortilla chips and salsa. This came out in about 5 minutes.  The chips helped with the ceviche, but again we were underwhelmed by the guacamole and salsa, which were bland.  The corn/bean dip were good though.  About 15 minutes after the ceviche we got our taco's. Also a smaller portion. The fish and BBQ short rib, were average at best, but the pork belly were superb.  Still hungry and wanting something to remember, we ordered the special starter, duck Mac and cheese, an pork belly and fries( can't remember the name). Another long wait, which I don't understand because the crowd thinned and the cooks we just hanging out at the kitchen/ bar.  The duck Mac and cheese were good, a smokey cheesey flavor that was a unique take on a traditional side and pork belly and fries were as advertised.  Overall we weren't impressed, food was hit and miss, service wasn't the greatest but we were at the bar and the food portions were disappointing.  We won't be returning
3	The ambience at this place is great. If you are a seafood lover, this place will have many options. Being a vegetarian the head chef recommended some great mushroom taco options. He also recommended a mushroom entree, but they ran out of mushrooms, seriously? The pineapple salsa is amazing! The service at this place is alright, as the waiters take a long time. Getting chips and guac took more than 15 min, which is unacceptable. I would revisit this place to give it another chance though
4	Popped in last night after a show with a friend to grab a quick bite and beverage. Contemporary atmosphere and more crowded for a Wednesday evening than I expected! We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender. Service was very timely throughout our stay. I ordered the Asian Tuna Tartare upon the waitress's recommendation. It was delightful! A great mix of textures and flavors. A bit overpriced, I'd say, but it is downtown, so to be expected.
5	Went in for a dinner before the theatre.  Just wonderful food, the service was exceptional.  We sat at the Chef's table and watched the staff prepare and push the appetizers out to the patrons.  What a great time. We had the Fire & Ice ceviche and Mojo Nigiri - both were delicious. For main courses we had the Diver Scallops and Carne Asada.  Again, delicious.  The service was good - the drinks were excellent .  Really, worth the visit and we'll be back.
4	Great downtown spot for some lain style food. The have a great BLT taco  (who doesn't love home made pork belly! ) They have salsa on Monday nights starting at 9:30 pm. So bring your dancing shoes. This is a great spot to check out!
4	We went here because it had a Gluten Free menu posted on their website. The waitress was knowledgeable about the entire menu and was able to speak specifically about the GF options. We went during happy hour which allowed me to try the Seviche for half the price. The Seviche was servers with tortilla chips and was very tasty. For our mains, my GF friend had the wild mushroom entree which smelled really good. She said the gravy was very rich but delicious. My other friend has the Baka fish tacos. She ordered two but received three. Kitchen bonus! I had the diver scallops. The scallops (5) were prepared perfectly. The grits the scallops were served upon were creamy and perfect seasoning however the arugula was very bitter and not enjoyable. It was served with chunks of either pork or corned beef, hard to tell because it was so dry. But the grits and scallops made this dish on their own. I would go back for sure!
5	Happy to find a place with such clean, flavorful food. The service was not the best at first, so I was impressed when the waiter came to me acknowledging the lax performance and offered us a free dessert! The whole staff was very friendly, and the chefs were especially entertaining. Will most definitely be coming back again!
4	Came here for the first time last night and was very impressed. It is right downtown and has both indoor and outdoor seating. I suggest making a reservation.Their drinks were very strong and I suggest checking in on yelp so that you can get a free glass of sangria. We started with the fire and ice seviche with ahi tuna and the jimmy roll. The jimmy roll was so good that I would recommend it to everyone! My husband had the special, two soft shell crab tacos $14 and he loved them. I ordered three tacos for $15 - the Baja fish, braised beef and cheesesteak. All were good but the cheesesteak was my favorite. I really enjoyed the food and will go back.
5	I used to catch a drink at Seviche before getting a bite and heading out for the evening, until tonight.I was starving so I decided to order some app's. First I started with Asian Tuna Tartar.  Quickly I decided to order more, I continued with Mojo Nigiri and I was hooked.At this point I was entranced so I ordered the Duck Taco,  let's take a moment to consider I had already eaten two apps and I HAD TO ORDER A SECOND PLATE.Dinner plans for the foreseeable future have changed and they will include duck tacos.As a side note the "view" was pretty nice and they also were interested in keeping my drinks flowing.Thank you Seviche staff,  You're the best!
5	I love the ambiance! It's very cool and trendy. The fire and ice ceviche is amazing, and the carne asada is to die for!
3	This review is for Happy Hour and it's definitely mixed.  Here's the skinny.  Service - 5 stars.  I was at the bar for a while and then a bar table (several) with a large group.  Service in both areas was very good.  Prompt and friendly.  Drinks - 2 stars.  So the happy hour special had $5 margaritas, sangria, and mojitos.  They were small and weak.  I switched to a Captain and Coke - still weak and $8 apiece.   Food - 3 stars.  I sampled the shrimp tostadas from the happy hour menu.  It was tasty, but tiny.  Four small tostadas that were only slightly more than one bite each.  The meals going to tables looked good, albeit a little skimpy as well.No parking makes this a less than ideal happy hour spot for me, as I ended up spending over $50 between $9 parking, a few $8 cocktails, a weak $5 sangria, and 4 bites of food at $5, and a tip.   Might be worth a try as a dinner spot.
4	This is my third time at Seviche and it was as good as the last time I remembered even though the menu changed quite a bit. I got a free peach sangria for checking in on Yelp and it was delicious. For 3 of us, we ordered the scallops with black bean and corn ceviche, ahi tuna with their ceviche of the day (pineapple jerk), mojo nigiri, jimmy roll, BBQ duck mac n cheese, and the baja fish, BLT and cheesesteak tacos. The amount of food was perfect for the 3 of us. My favorite dish was the jimmy roll and least favorite was the pineapple jerk ceviche. It was definitely too sweet and didn't go well with the ahi tuna. The mojo nigiri was good though a little too acidic for my liking. My favorite taco was the baja fish.
2	First let me say the food was awesome! The drinks were also great.The service was AWFUL. I manage a restaurant and have also been a server for over 7 years so I know how hard you have to work as a server sometimes.  I'm not sure if since it was the end of the night she was grumpy and wanted to go home (I have felt that way many times), not making good money (again I get it), or just not a nice person. Our server's name was Chelsea and whatever was going on she clearly didn't want to be serving us.  Our drinks took a long time to come out, so long in fact that we had our appetizer before our cocktails.  Once we had them they were very good.  When we arrived we had wanted to sit outside but it was full, once we finished our appetizer we saw the outside table leave and asked to move outside.  I have had tables do this a million times and while its annoying, you accommodate with a smile because thats your job.  We move outside and take as much of our table settings and drinks with us but cannot carry it all-- so Chelsea throws the rest down like she would like to actually be throwing them at our faces.  We next ask if there is smoking permitted outside. She very rudely said no as she was hastily walking away. Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you by asking if smoking is aloud outside.  We got our food which again was amazing but then we sat for a very long time. Just hanging out hoping someone would help us.  I kept looking for our server but couldn't find her so I assumed she had gone home and maybe another server would take care of us.  Just then she came over and we asked for our check.  Evening finally over.I have never written a bad review before.  I work in the restaurant industry and know how frustrating, hard, exhausting it can be.  BUT that is NEVER an excuse to be rude to customers. Period.
4	I came here with my friend and her boyfriend when I visited Pittsburgh on her recommendation and thought it was a solid fun dinner. The highlight of the meal was definitely getting a free peach sangria for checking-in on Yelp because the sangria was delicious! I really liked that they used sparkling wine and put a lot of fruit in it. Between the three of us, we ordered a pair of ceviches (scallops with black bean and corn ceviche and ahi tuna with their ceviche of the day, pineapple jerk), the Mojo Nigiri, the Jimmy Roll, BBQ Duck Mac n Cheese, and a trio of tacos (the baja fish, BLT and cheesesteak tacos). Overall, I thought the food was alright aside from some stand outs. My favorite dish was the Jimmy Roll because of the tempura and sriracha aioli. I really liked the scallop ceviche when paired with the plantain chips because I'm a sucker for anything plantain. The BBQ Duck Mac and Cheese was also unique and very tasty. Aside from those, I thought the dishes could be improved on. The Mojo Nigiri was good, but I would have preferred a little soy sauce to add some saltiness to the acidity. The ceviche of the day was a little too sweet from the pineapple. The tacos were nothing special and a little dry in my opinion. Overall, I think Seviche is a good place to have drinks and some small bites. I feel like my experience was a 3.5, but will round up to 4 since we got a free glass of yummy sangria. If you are planning on ordering a lot like we did, I would suggest requesting a table bigger than the small hightop we were given since our food could not all fit on the table.
4	In pitt on business. They have a great drink menu. Fun place to grab a drink or two and get an appetizer.  Bartenders were really friendly as well.
5	Went here during a weeklong work trip and it was awesome.  Eat at the bar.  I rarely do but Teresa and Liz were amazing.  Personable, sweet, and very informed about pgh activities.  Best service I've had. :))
4	Come eat everything. The BLT taco is the best thing ever. I love the fire and ice ceviche so much. Please come try all of these foods. The people are so nice here and the drinks are tasty. You will hear the best music ever as well.
2	This place is soooo overrated.  Food is not that great AT ALL.  Decent, but terribly overpriced.  Decor is beyond cheesy -- they're really trying way too hard.  And to list this place as "Cuban" is laughable.
1	Never have I ever felt so uncomfortable that I walked out of a restaurant without ordering...until I came here.I showed up with a friend last Fri. night around 10pm after a Cultural District gallery crawl.  I suggested this place since it seemed interesting and different, it had strong ratings on Yelp, and they offered a free glass of sangria for a check in.  When we walked in, it was fairly busy and seemed understaffed, and there was no hostess to seat us.  Since we were planning to order a few drinks and some tapas, my friend suggested we sit at the bar, and I agreed, so we walked over and seated ourselves.  A guy who looked like the manager or owner walked over pretty promptly and handed us some food and drink menus, which we perused for about 10 min.Once we'd decided what to order, we set our menus down, and the guy who'd handed them to us came over to take our order.  The weirdness started when I said, "Well, I'd like to claim my free sangria since I checked in on Yelp," only to realize that the guy purportedly taking my order had disappeared!  I gave my friend a confused look, and he told me that the guy had walked off right after I said "Well," and joked that perhaps starting an order with "Well," was unacceptable in this establishment.  It was at this point that I realized that we weren't sitting at the bar--we were actually sitting at the chef's table (which is structured similarly to the bar)!  My friend hadn't known this when he led us over there to sit, and I only happened to know that this was the chef's table b/c I'd read that they had one.  Nobody, including the guy who "waited" on us, had bothered to tell us this simple fact, or to suggest that we may want to move elsewhere if we weren't planning on ordering entrees--instead, they just ignored us!  At this point, we both felt weird enough that we got up and decided to leave, and did so without further ado.I'm not sure if we were profiled as peons who didn't look wealthy enough to be sitting at the chef's table, or if this place was so understaffed that they decided to blow off anyone showing the slightest degree of indecisiveness.  Either way, the treatment we received was, quite frankly, unacceptable.  If the management thinks it's okay to ignore customers and make them feel uncomfortable, they won't have many of them left before long--not to mention any revenue.P.S. We left and headed over to the Harris Grill in Shadyside, where we spent a cool $50 + tip on drinks and food.
4	I was in town for a conference, and decided to head out for a nicer dinner with some friends.  Seviche did not disappoint!  It has a cool, urban atmosphere with great food and cocktails, what more could you ask for?  The waitress told us that up until recently, they were a tapas restaurant, but now they have also incorporated full entrees into their menu.  I recommend any of their ceviche and tacos!
4	Thank you to our waiter and this amazing food.  Our waiter was super nice, the tacos here are so good, and the ceviche was so fresh. There literally was nothing I could say about this place that could be wrong expect maybe parking is hard to find.  I'd give it a full 5 stars but I didn't try the other entrees so I can not speak for everything.  But if the entrees are as good as the other items I did try then this place will be give a five next time.
4	Excellent and tasty small food.  Extremely expensive, so be sure it is a special occasion or an important date!  Check in on Yelp to get a free sangria.The dishes are tapas-style and generally shared among your companions.  Order approximately 2-3 per person.  Some of the "tacos" were astounding and high quality.  Not much that I didn't like about it, service was above average.Clientele is on the young side and kind of trendy, so it wouldn't hurt to dress up.  Great place to go after the opera or show.
4	I was a ceviche virgin before I finally ate at the colorful South American resta-bar 'SEVICHE.' It has a cool, dark vibe ad I never feel overdressed... Something I struggle with in Pittsburgh as I like to dress up when I go out!We ordered the shrimp ceviche as an app and it IMMIDIATELY sold me... The cold shrimp and chunks of avocado on tip of a friend plantain made me forget about my margarita... So, I ordered a ceviche taco for dinner, and it was not what I wanted it to be... Cold tacos are weird and I wasn't drunk enough for that. The OTHER tacos were awesome though.... So definitely get a few!8 for drinks, 8 for atmosphere, 8 for service, 7 for food, 8 for fashion
3	Came for dinner late on Monday night.  They serve food late and it was Salsa night, so decent crowd and a good atmosphere for a rainy Monday.  Also had Monday night football on so a nice touch there at the bar.  Had several margarita's which were good.  Had the chicken soup, which was appropriately spicey and a good size.  Then had pomegranate tuna ceviche.  It was average and not the freshest fish.   Had the salmon for entree, which was ok but strange.  It was sitting in a bowl of Cuban au jus and the quality of the fish was average.  Overall,  good spot for a decent late night dinner, but otherwise average food and fairly high prices.
5	My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh... I can't come to this city without stopping here! Worth every dollar. Tonight I has the tuna tartare and it was perfect as usual, and I had two tacos which were amazing. Also, the service is impeccable, always service with a smile. My waiter's name was Tony and I had him last time as well, he loves his job and it shows, he's very knowledgeable of the menu and willing to help with a suggestion. Awesome experience again!
5	A great place for food and drink. And if you like Salsa this is your dream come true place. I would highly recommend trying a couple of the tacos along with some if the signature drinks.
3	I'll start with the positives - good atmosphere, tasty food, good cocktails. Why I gave it 3 stars - service wasn't very good, I felt like I had to flag our waitress down anytime I wanted something.Then the bill came. Not only did the waitress tell me she added an item that I didn't order because she didn't know where else to put it (we had a large party), but I saw that the draft beer I was drinking was $9 each. I'm in Pittsburgh, not Manhattan, so draft beer should not cost that much and that price was not listed on the menu. I talked to a manager who agreed to take off the item I didn't order, but wasn't as understanding about the cost of the draft beer or the fact that it wasn't on the menu. She was friendly, but felt she could have done more given the size of our party and the amount of money we just spent there. Probably won't return.
4	Foods phenomenal. Must Try the kimmy roll. Friends & I went here for dinner last week as a party of 7, only complaint was that food was very slow getting out & not one of us ordered a very heavy meal (all seviche & tacos), although I will say food was well worth the wait.
5	Seviche is, without doubt, my favorite place for appetizers and drinks in Pittsburgh. The cocktails are tropical and fruity, but as 10x better than any other places imitating the style. I have driven an hour just to have a caipirinha. The bar staff is wonderful, and I come back even though I don't like seafood. The tacos are wonderful and I always need an order of chips and salsa. Perfect vibe, perfect drinks, perfect appetizers.
