3	Nice atmosphere, have some reservations though. Went on a Monday night for dinner with a friend. We split a Brasciole appetizer, which was excellent. I then had a Rigatoni Bolognese entree. The sauce had nice flavor, but the pasta itself (not the sauce) was lukewarm.
4	I really like this place.  It reminds me of some of the trendier spots I visit when I'm in Boston or New York.  Michele who owns the place is a transplant from NYC (I think).  He and his brother are from Sicily and really make good authentic italian food.  The kind that has flavor and doesn't require a nap afterwards.  I go here about 3 or 4 times a month and it's perfect to eat at the bar.  Liz is the bartender and she's awesome.  She'll make you  feel right at home.  The place is really small, so you will be bumping into some people if it's a friday night.  I suggest trying whatever the special is.  They also have a nice beef carpaccio.  Stay away from the small dishes they advertise on the bar, stick to the menu.  Only negative is the parking and I'm being a bit picky here, but the music is kind of that Euro..too cool for school stuff that sounds like it should be elevator music in some cheesy hotel in russia.
5	One of the best-kept secrets in Pittsburgh. Heavy on seafood done with Mediterranean style, the food is incredible. From tapas to full dishes, you really can't go wrong. The desserts and wine-list as equally as good as the food.The part that pushes this place over the top is the staff. The owner is truly dedicated to making sure every guest is having an the best dinner possible. All of the servers are warm and friendly, the service is impeccable. The decor/size of the place is very cozy and intimate. Highly recommended.
5	Dish is a nice change of pace from the action on Carson street. I never expected to find a warm, classy spot like this on the South Side. The owner is great and actually comes out to mingle with customers!   Both times I've been here I went with a small group of friends, we ate a meal, entrees+desserts and then got drinks at the bar.  The food is good, the desserts are in.cred.i.ble.   Absolutely Yummy!!
4	I really have no new information to report, because much of what I've said in February remains the same today, except it's better now because the restaurant is non-smoking.  The main reason for this update is to try and refute some of the hateration from Lauren B. from Phily on Liz.  I don't recall reading a review that was so malicious towards one individual in a restaurant.  I've had Liz as a bartender for a long time now and used to go to Dish a couple times a month.  Michele and Andres are great (owners and chef) and the rest of the staff is superb, especially Liz.  I don't really understand the venom of Lauren B..  I mean she never really gives much in the way of specifics of why she hates Liz.  I've seen Liz wait on hundreds of folks through the years of all different types and she has always treated them with respect if not outright wit and charm.  It's not just the regulars like me.  Sure, the place gets busy and often it can take a few minutes to get a drink.  But, what worthwhile place doesn't occassionally get busy.  Anyways, just needed to voice a different viewpoint.  Lauren, I  can't imagine that Liz did something to justify such a mean spirited review.  In fact, I'm pretty sure this review is much more  a reflection of you than her or the restaurant.  Good luck with that.
4	Overall, this is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. I have been here at least three times a year for the last 5 years and the quality of food is consistently fresh and tasty. Also, it has great atmosphere. I appreciate the cozy size and love the lighting. As it is usually busy, I feel like I'm nestled in to the coolest spot in town when I'm there. It's a great place to take out of towners and dates and yourself. You must have an inclination for seafood for you to fully appreciate this place, however. If you love to beef up every meal, this isn't the place for you.Yes, it can get loud, but loud with humans speaking, not some stereophonic junk to make the place feel hip. I am confused by a recent review that indicated that a member of the staff was a grump - perhaps the bartender was reflecting back what she got? - because I have never had any issue with any of the staff, ever. One thing that is nice about this place IS the consistency of the staff - I know I'll always see the owner and chef when I am there and i personally think it's great. As an aside, I completely covet the light fixtures over the bar. The front room is just so inviting. I would recommend it as a place to stop for some wine or dessert with a date. Good atmosphere, for sure. I was here two weeks ago with two friends. We all got the salad, which is a must. The vinegar is rather tart, so be prepared! The olive oil here is THE BEST - so great, in fact, that I asked the owner where he gets it! Now I get it all the time and brag about it's delectability ceaselessly. If for nothing else, I would like to thank Dish for introducing me to the olive oil that now defines my kitchen. I also always get the scallops here. Another must. The very definition of perfection. Most recently, my friends got the salmon and the lamb. They were VERY pleased with their dishes. This place is rad because they grill a lot of their food. It's the best especially in the winter, when you're missing being outside. The only downside to this place is the fact that they don't change the menu up enough. I could go more if I thought there was something new to be offered. Even some of the specials I have noticed time and time again. With the menu being rather compact, I find that a limitation. For dessert we got the cannolis - not regular cannolis, people. These were delicate and had extra ingredients. While I often think it's silly to mess with perfection, the tweaks here, like sugared orange rind and...dang, I forget the other one, were nice interpretations. I approve!
5	I've been here a couple of times, each time finding the food unbelieveably delicious!  The last time I had the linguini ai frutti di mare, a seafood dish with saffron cream sauce.  The feeling in this petite restaurant is one of low-lit intimacy, perfect for a cold evening, close to your friends or date.  Now that they accept credit cards, you don't need to let your forgetting to stop at an ATM hinder your enjoyment of the delicious starters, desserts, etc.
4	Really good food, and open late for a upscale Pittsburgh joint.I've been here on a Thursday night and the kitchen was open 'til 12:30am.It's also pricier for Pittsburgh, but you get what you pay for.  Entrees average $19; small plates are ~$9.  The menu is small but highlights what they're good at, and there's always a special menu. The entrees we've had so far have been very good with a few excellent. Service has been spotty, or I'd have given Dish 5 stars; twice now I've had to wait over 10 minutes for a refill of water, even with a half-full restaurant.Beer is relatively affordable as well; Rolling Rock for example was ~$3, and they've got a solid wine list.Try it out at least once, it's worth it.
5	I had been meaning to get to Dish for some time, I heard only good things from my friends.  After we left I was kicking myself for taking so long to finally get there.Dish is a great restaurant with a full fantastic menu and amazing ambiance.  The food was perfectly cooked and the waitstaff had excellent advice. I can't wait to go back for more.
5	This place is right in line with some top New York Italian eateries  - the food and atmosphere are top notch. The bar side is cozier with a better vibe than the dining area, but both are good. Reminds me of many great places in New York. It's my go-to with out-of-town guests.
5	There's a big difference between good Italian and bad Italian and Dish is a great example of GOOD. I had the Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Rigatoni All Scamorza and was just blown away. I don't remember everything else we got at the table, but between four people, 3 who are hard-core Foodies (the other was a dietitian), everyone was pleased with every bite. They have a good selection of wines too. The Primitivo was a big hit at the table.Not a huge place, but big on taste and atmosphere.
3	Food was good, nothing to write home about.  I don't think the menu has changed in years.  Price was reasonable and the atmosphere was terrific!  The special (which I had) was outstanding!
4	I used to live on the same street as Dish six years ago (wow, I'm old), but I never went inside. I was a broke 19 year-old Pitt student and this place always seemed like a haunt for sophisticated adults who know the proper way to hold a wine glass.But yesterday, I finally visited with a friend from NYC. I wish desperately that we had tried the food, but we only had time for a drink at the bar. It was everything I thought it would be. And what was that? I don't know! There's something about the ambiance here, from the candlelight  to the beautiful, ornate ceiling typical of a lot of  pre-war South Side buildings that just makes you feel like you're somewhere special.
5	Fabulous!  Just go!  'Nuff said.
4	Dish has great atmosphere and wine, and the food is good. Of the Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh, it's arguably the best. When my work has people visiting from out of town, this is the reliable standby. It's also a good place to celebrate a birthday or romantic occasion. Definitely try the shrimp in garlic sauce if you go. The rigatoni with pistachios is also amazing.
4	It is a great place for Sicilian fare, very delicious! Intimate atmosphere. Not a great place groups since the place is so small.
5	The owner really cares about this place--you can tell the moment he greets you when you enter this cute tucked away bistro.  He's from Sicily and seems heavily involved with all aspects of the food and menu. I was pleased to find ingredients you almost never find in Pittsburgh "Italian" restaurants--oxtail, sardines, baby octopus.  No mushy overcooked pasta-- finally a restaurant that will serve pasta how it should be: al dente!!
5	I went here with my wife, brother and parents for a special occasion. We had not been here in over 8 years and glad to see it was still as good as remembered.  We are all native suburban Pittsburghers that now live in all over the U.S.  We had a few drinks at the bar before dinner.  The place has a much better than average beer and wine selection for its size as noted in other comments.  Everyone gave high marks on their entree.  My pasta was perfect.  Great atmosphere and experienced waitstaff.  We will be back again.
5	Great neighborhood place that serves delicious food late into the night.First room has a bar and a few tables... through there is a second room all for dining with a window view to the street.Unpretentious, authentic, tasty Italian.  Sea Scallops were perfect.
5	I recently had reservations here that I (very sadly) had to break :(But, this place is amazing!!!The last couple of times that I was @ Dish, I was so pleased with my meal and total experience that it remains on my list of Notables in Pittsburgh!  :)You will want to revisit Dish over and over!!!The entire restaurant and bar has a great ambiance and its very nice to share a date with your sig-other or friends.PARKING:  Traditional Southside... it blows.
5	This is by far my FAVORITE restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Having eaten at a number of places each time I visit the city of Pittsburgh, I have not yet found one that even comes close to how good the food is here!  Not only does the food rock... but the ambience is gorgeous and great for any occassion.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it!!
4	We had a family dinner here while visiting out U of Pitt student.  Everyone enjoyed it - adults and teenagers.  Menu is large and varied enough for everyone to find something they like without reading like a greek diner novel.  Good wine, priced well for a fine restaurant.  Not very large though so some may feel squashed and there is no parking to be had.  We cheated and used the valet at another restaurant.
2	Way over-rated. My husband and I were spending 1 night in Pitts.  We had tickets to a Pirate game but decided instead to spend an evening at Dish.  Who could argue that decision? As we sat at the bar we were only slightly distracted by the flashing police lights outside.  Apparently some serious crime had occurred in the hood as the police shut-off several streets.  No problem , we had a glass of wine and along with other patrons, pretended nothing was wrong.The service was acceptable  - far from outstanding, and the food was really unremarkable!  I had the special and it was anything but special.  There are several Italian restaurants in my small town that are way better and far less expensive.Take a pass on this one.
4	This place is pretty cool for how expensive it is.  It's really well decorated and has a pretty comfortable atmosphere.  It's small, but it makes the best use of it's space.  You'll enter the bar area first, which has a decent amount of space, but not a lot of seating.  The bartenders are pretty sharp, and there are some pretty cool beers on tap as well as a cool drink list.  The food is awesome, but there will always be a disconnect in my head when I pay a ton of money for something and I sit wringing my hands in anticipation, a gleam in my eye, fantasizing about the ginormous feast I'm about to have, only to be presented with a dish that will make you stare at your waitress with the sadness of an orphan on Christmas.  It is delicious, but you will want more.
4	Reservations are recommended. Dish has to be one of the better restaurants I have been to in a long time in Pittsburgh. It ranks right next to point brugge, bona terra, and toast. I recently tried spoon and salt of the earth, and dish tops them both. I had the scallops for an appetizer which were perfectly seasoned and cooked. The duck breast for dinner was excellent. The sweet reduction on the duck wasn't too overpowering and the mushroom mixed polenta on the side was just the right pairing. I would definitely recommend this to others.
4	The highlight of our what should have been 4 hour but turned out to be 8 hour drive to Pittsburgh for the holiday was Dish.  We love the innovation of the food, the friendliness of the staff, and that it is itself a gem in a very underrated and cool city.  We loved to duck ragu over house made pasta, the grilled sardine and great wine.  The menu is always fantastic!  Go to Pittsburgh and go to Dish!
4	First timer to Dish.  It was crowded for a Wednesday, most likely because of the holidays.  We managed to get a seat at the bar after 10 minutes.  To get a table was an hour wait.  Happy Hour was a dollar off the bar appetizers which were good.  The beef tenderloin app was perfectly cooked to a medium rare as specified, but could have used a little seasoning.  Our wine came, the Barbera was very good.  BUT as I am a bit of a wine snob, my friend and I couldn't help but notice how terrible the glassware was.  The red wine was served in standard white wine glasses and filled so high that you could not swirl it and smell it.  Our main entrees came out at a reasonable time.  I ordered one of the specials, a tortellini in brodo.  Good, but not as good as what my boyfriend makes.  The broth was rather bland, but the pasta seemed freshly made.  The highlight that I would go back for in a heartbeat was the mushroom risotto.  It was full of flavor.  I'm craving it right now actually.
5	This place is a real gem. We dined here once and the food was delicious. Especially the scallops. Very romantic and cozy. Highly recommended.
5	This is by far the best Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Take it from an Italian!!
5	Dish offers the best Italian food in Pittsburgh. Period. I HIGHLY recommend making a reservation because the restaurant is pretty small. It CAN get loud during peak hours, but the food and service more than make up for that. Plus, it's a sign that people are enjoying themselves over great food and wine. Buon appetito!
4	Not as good as Toast for me, but not far off. Grilled calamari is like that I've had in Italy and Greece, perfectly cooked with garlic and olive oil. Pasta was a stand out, especially the mushroom and spinach fettucini which was almost as good as the similar dish my wife makes from Jamie Oliver's recipe (his also has sausage which is always a winner). The place is small but has tons of atmosphere. The copper bar is a classic and the service all round is excellent. Only issue is finding a parking spot on a Friday night - leave extra time.
1	I must confess, this review does not take into account any food quality/taste, ambiance, or service criteria. But based on the conversation I just had with their hostess, I don't care how good it is, I will never eat here. After an attitude-filled greeting, she informed me that my preferred date (admittely, a popular date, but I was a month early, there was hope) was booked and there was "like, no way " they could seat a group of my size (5) until 9:30pm. We had older people in our group, so I asked if I could be put on a waiting list and I got  "Siiiiiiigh. I guess. I mean, if you want. But we never have people cancel. We're very popular, you know, and very small." Wow. Well, forget it then. Snotty hostesses are very pre-recession. If you don't want my money, or at least make me feel like I should want to spend money with you, I don't want to give it to you. Really, hostesses at restaurants that book a YEAR in advance (like Volt or Le Bernadin) have never been that rude to me. I'm very disappointed, Dish. I heard good things...
5	Visiting the Burg for a few days this past weekend we decided to give Dish on the south side a try.  Being from this city and knowing the lay of the land I never have very high expectations for a restaurant there especially an Italian one at that.  This said, I was blown away as Dish is simply that good and for sure one of Pittsburgh's very best.Overall food, service and ambiance amazing for a little joint nestled on 17th street in the heart of the south side.  The parking truly sucks but that is to be expected in this part of town.  The food including pasta, steak, apps and desert all best in class.  This little gem would do very well and flourish if plucked out of Pittsburgh and dropped on to Manhattan island.Woohoo - we now finally have a restaurant to look forward to when visiting my home town.
5	Just FANTASTIC!!!The food is out of this world! Plus an added bonus for me is the staffs knowledge of celiac disease and making sure my food is gluten free. I absolutely love this place and recommend it to everyone!!!
4	Dish is the neighborhood Italian joint that everybody dreams of, but only exists in Woody Allen movies. Well, here it is in the most paradoxical of places, the South Side of Pittsburgh. Walking into the tiny restaurant is like entering the old Hollywood of Frank Sinatra and Bette Davis. The lighting is very low, with only flickering candles to provide illumination. Patrons sip martinis at the bar and chat intimately around small tables while jazz plays softly in the background. Complementing the ambiance at Dish is its authentic, delicious Italian cuisine. From seafood to pasta to steak, every menu item I've tried has been flavorful and expertly prepared, free of the excessive grease and cheese that ruin the experience at so many other "Italian" restaurants whose food has been Americanized beyond recognition. While the atmosphere and food at Dish are fantastic, it does have a few drawbacks. Chief among them are the sometimes snooty waitstaff, and the prices, which for an underemployed twentysomething like myself mean eating here is an infrequent treat, as opposed to the weekly outing that I wish I could afford. Bottom line is, if you're in Pittsburgh and have a few extra dollars to spend, go to Dish. You'll love it, I'm sure.
4	Lovely ambiance and really good food! I found this restaurant so pleasing to both eye and taste bud.  Given we had reservations on a weeknight, there was no hassle getting seated and attentively served.  The daily specials change frequently and offer some unique delights.  We started the meal with Bruschetta.  It looked so appealing-piled(but not "Oh man I am making a mess") with mushrooms and fresh herbs (basil and surprise! mint). Again going with the theme of "looks NOT being deceiving," it tasted good.  Next, I oped for two items from their daily specials- Chilled Potato, Fennel &Leek Soup and Pan Seared Scallops with leeks, parsley, tomato and olives (oh! Both dishes were 'enhanced" with black truffle oil! Yum!).  I loved the soup-different ingredients combined for a smooth, light dish.  My date had the wild caught Shrimp sauteed with olive oil, garlic, white wine, cherry tomatoes and parsley.  All dishes were of the Antipasti categories and were filling enough for dinner.  Great place...cool tin ceilings, open, uncluttered dining space with tasty food. Will be a repeat "offender" for sure!
5	I went to Dish nearly three years ago but think of it often, as it certainly is a gem tucked away in an unassuming street corner.  I visit Pittsburgh often but have a terrible sense of the direction in the city, so whenever we're on a street similar to this, my eyes scan the corners for Dish.The service we experienced was outstanding - friendly staff (without being overly present and overbearing at the table) with great knowledge o the dishes, each dish that we ordered truly lived up to and surpassed expectations.  Overall, a humble location but right-sized space - there would certainly be lines and special reservations needed for this place if in a bigger city.  Perfect for an intimate dinner for date night or close friends.
5	I am a harsh critic of Italian food and I don't eat Italian out of the house often. Mostly because I look at everything on the menu and think, "I could make that" or "It won't be as good as Grandma's" or "It won't be as good as in Italy." But everyone told me I would love Dish, so I came here with my parents for my birthday. We all agreed that it was outstanding, and I have since been back for a couple of special occassions. It's easily one of my favorite restaurants in the city.The pasta is always cooked perfectly al dente. My favorite is their homemade gnocchi. They do a mean bolognese sauce, and anything with seafood is always super, super fresh.What I really love about Dish has to be the antipasto, though. The carpaccio is done in a very traditional style with arugula and parmigiano reggiano, and I'm also a fan of all of their salads. My favorite was a fennel, beet, and blood orange combination. And, I'm saving the best for last...the grilled eggplant with mozzarella di bufala is an absolute MUST. Orgasmic. The first time we came here, we loved it so much, we ordered a second plate of it. They use a 15-year-old balsamic vinegar on it that's perfectly sweet and sticky and of course the mozzarella is super creamy and oozing with milk. Sorry, I'm drooling all over my keyboard right now...I would be happy eating this every day of my life.Excellent desserts and drinks, too, and perfect service. All around, a great, authentic Italian restaurant. The only thing it's missing is...dare I say it...pizza. We need more places that make authentic pizza here, and I bet Dish could show Pittsburgh what's up.
5	Good food, good drinks, good atmosphere.  We started at the bar. I began with a Rossini which was berried puree and Prosecco. Then I tried a lavender lemon drop martini and this was my signature drink for the evening. I started with the melanzane grigiliate con mozzarella di bufals. It was a nice sampling of eggplant, mozzarella, red peppers, and mushrooms. I didn't eat the prociuto. He started with the calamari which was really nice and not overly fried which is pretty common for calamari.For entrees, I had the gnocchi alla Norma with eggplant, nice red sauce, local's cow milk ricotta, and fresh basil. Wonderful pairing. He had the tagliolini di mare allo zafferano, he thought it was fantastic. Being our last night in Pittsburgh, we had to splurge with dessert. We shared the tiramasu and panna cotta. I never had panna cotta and didn't really know what to expect, it was wonderful but a bit too rich for me. Most of it was left unfinished. I cannot believe I never heard of this place when I lived in Pittsburgh. They have been open for 11 years! Quite a treat nestled in the South Side!!
5	Excellent experience...  It's a treat to have a professional waiter, I felt very welcome here. Everyone in my party of 4 enjoyed their meal although I should note among us we only had two different dishes. 2 of us had the pasta special with prosciutto and a mix of mushrooms. We thought the pasta was perfectly cooked and the mushrooms were an unusual and very tasty variety. The other 2 had the gnocchi special with bolognese sauce. They reported the gnocchi were light and fluffy in contrast to the often gummy texture you find at some restaurants. It wasn't cheap but it was worth the money. I can't wait to go back though the cost will require it to be only an occasional treat.
1	I was pretty disappointed in Dish. My wife and I along with two friends had reservations for a Friday night. We got there a few minutes before our reservation, but still had to wait for over a half hour for a table without so much as a thank you or an apology. By the time we ordered, which was another 20 minutes or so, we were all starving. The waiter told us what the specials were, and I ordered one of them to which he replied "I'm sorry, but were all out of that". WTF?! Then why did you just recommend it? I then ordered something else. Also out. Third choice was a charm. A pork shank served on risotto I think. What I got was an over cooked hunk of pig fat, a giant pig bone, and some soupy rice. All of our food was pretty terrible.I don't know why Pittsburghers recommend this place. Any time I come by here, since it was about a block from my house, 3 to 6 staffers are just sitting outside puffing away on cigarettes. Disgusting. Overpriced. Crowded. Tiny. Disappointing.
4	This is one of those restaurants that you could walk by several times and it would never stand out.  Nothing fancy on the outside but the food and service made up for it.We started out with the scallops and were not disappointed.  I was a little apprehensive about the combination of scallops and beets but the work well together and the scallops were cooked perfectly.For the main course we both tried the fillet.  At medium rare I did not need a knife to cut through it.Dessert (peach cake) was every bit as good as the appetizer and main course.Service was excellent.  As this was our first time here, our waitress made some great recommendations and completed the dining experience.  It was also nice to see the chef come out of the kitchen and talk with some of the regular customers.
2	After many recommendations, I was very disappointed.  This is the type of place that I feel people brag about because they feel they should.  It's a different type of restaurant than you're used to in Pittsburgh.  It has a really nice feel inside and the fact it is hidden away in the Southside adds to the charm.The problem is the food is pretty average.  I'm usually not picky about Italian food as it is pretty hard to mess it up.  Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  When you're paying as much as this place charges you better be impressed by the quality, which I was not.The staff was very kind and courteous, we didn't have a long wait to be seated or to receive our food.  This just isn't the type of place I'd recommend as you can find better quality food else where for a much better price.
5	Dish is another culinary reason for me to miss living in Pittsburgh. Located in an old row house, Dish serves up options for every person in your party. On my most recent trip I ordered the lamb Osso Bucco, which was actually pretty disappointing, but that could have just been me. The man at the table across from me all but gnawed on the Flintstone looking bone, so he obviously enjoyed it. I did get to sample the filet and that was a tasty cut! The killer martini and wine choices, as well as the delectable desserts completely made up for my somewhat lacking meat selection. There was no going wrong with the chocolate bread pudding or pumpkin flan and since I skimped on my meal, I was the one practically licking the dessert plates clean. I couldn't have been happier.
4	Buckle up, buttercups. This is going to be a weird one. I'm in that sort of mood. When I lived in the South Side, I used to walk by this restaurant almost every day and sniff, "Hmph. Hipster bar. Who names their place 'Dish'?"  It reminded me of an episode of Family Guy where Brian, Stewie and Frank Sinatra, Jr. opened a pretentious nightclub called "Place". In retrospect, I was being kind of jerk about Dish.Thankfully, Dish offers fantastic food and service. When we arrived, we were about ten minutes early for our Friday night reservation, so we ordered beers at the bar. Oh, I should mention that one of the only reasons (besides a positive word of mouth) that Boy wanted to try this place was because they carry a wine whose label name is also Boy's surname. Holy potatoes! Of course we ordered a bottle of that red wine, which was very dry, and had a pleasant, mellow tannin. It's a good wine so if you want to know what it is send a self-abused stamped antelope (or DM) to me. I chose the mushroom soup (with crimini, portabello and black truffle oil) to start. I have to say... AMAZING. Hands down the best mushroom soup I've ever had. Boy? Hates mushrooms. One of the many people in my life who hates them, in fact. What is with you people? Penicillin is from a fungus too, you know.  I bet that won't stop you from taking it when you need it to save your life. Haters. For the main course, I had the stuffed veal and my date chose the steak. The veal was outstanding, tender, and I ate every last bite. My entree was accompanied by pillows of ricotta gnocchi and julienned brussels sprouts. Very tasty and surprisingly light for gnocchi. The brussels sprouts would convert any veggie hater into lover in two seconds flat. Boy (and I) were less than enthused about the steak. It was simply "ok." Dish's servers are friendly and knowledgable. I feel bad that I ever made fun of this cozy establishment with great food. Downsides: as with any small place, it fills up quickly, and can be loud.
4	Rich, creamy, and delicious pasta.  I can't tell if they make their own pasta, but it's well made and al dente, and the ambiance is great.  Unfortunately I was way too stuffed for dessert/appetizer, but that saves reason to come back next time!
4	New Years Eve is probably the second most overrated night to go out of the year, behind Valentine's Day (as well as the mythical Sweetest Day for the Ohioans out there), which means reservations are a necessary for everywhere you go, and expect a price increases across the board.  Lucky for me, Dish makes New Years just another day. With a menu that changes by the day, it seems, you have to be willing to trust in the skills of a chef, and know that you're not looking for old stand by dishes.  Between myself, the CFO of my life, and our two friends, we took a bit of a stroll around the menu.  Starting with a razor clam and scallops app, while our friends had a quail over a corn fritter.  It was all good.  Their house bread is fresh and delicious, and great to dip into all of the various sauces you'll run into during the course of a meal.  Due to my sad puppy eyes, I was able to sample all of the food on the table, and I highly recommend their Gnocchi, and the risotto I had made me cry a little.  But a good cry.  While I enjoyed my Venison Osso Bucco, it could have stood to have a bit more seasoning.  The CFO had a seafood risotto, with a huge pieces of calamari, gulf shrimp, and a perfectly cooked piece of tuna.  And what is a meal with out the beverages?  If you're in for a cocktail, Dish's Pimm's Cup and Mojito are spot on, and not unreasonably priced, at about $7 and $8 respectively.  Speaking of prices, Dish isn't exactly easy on the wallet, with somewhat conservative portion sizes, and entrees costing between $20 and $35, but it's not a backbreaker.  You can easily escape with a sub $100 bill for a dinner for two.  Dish is just a great little restaurant.  Clean, fun, and not too pretentious.  Which is almost as surprising as the food!
4	Pricey but great atmosphere and food... I couldn't afford to go there often myself, but my brother paid so, I didn't have to worry about the price :)Some might find it a little hard to read the menu, if their eyesight is not that great-as the lighting is very low and indirect, but well-placed to create an intimate, visually-appealing setting.Getting reservations is recommended as the place is small and busy.
4	The intimacy of this place is one of its strengths as well as one of its weaknesses. At times it can be difficult to get a table. I made reservations for 8:30 p.m. on a Wednesday night after a play at City Theatre, and they walked us passed two empty tables in the bar area, offering us a cramped table in the corner. However, they happily moved us back to the bar immediately upon our request. The space is beautiful and the food is great. The pear & walnut salad special was perfect. I also had the Linguine ai Frutti di Mare, which was very good (they even allowed me to exclude muscles from my serving), but my dinning companion had the Tagliolini alla Puttanesca di Mare, which was really wonderful.
4	Wow, this restaurant is incredibly tiny.  Do not come here if you don't have a reservation.  The restaurant is set a few blocks off of Carson in a converted row home.  It's very cozy, the lighting is very dim and overall pretty romantic.  Parking can be a challenge.  I looped the block several times before I could find a spot on the street anywhere within four blocks.  I was a little surprised because we had a 6:30 reservation on a Friday evening so it's not like we were competing with the late night crowd going out to the bars in the Southside.I ordered the linguine ai frutti di mare minus the shrimp and it was really tasty.  Usually, there isn't a ton of flavor in this dish when it's a white wine and olive oil sauce but this was surprisingly flavorful.  Also, I can be iffy on mussels but these and all the shellfish were cooked perfectly.  For dessert, I tried the chocolate bread pudding.  It was more like a slice of chocolate bread and it was decent but not great.  The meals were a little pricey but nothing too shocking.  Also, the service was good.
5	I went back to one of my favorites this week and was reminded again why I love Dish so much....It's AMAZING!!!!The most charming atmosphere makes it so easy to enjoy an intimate conversation accompanied by of course... AMAZING DRINKS + FOOD!This time we just went light and ordered a few martinis, but couldn't resist the grilled calamari, which was excellent.  I first ordered le dolce vita (chocolate cream martini) for the first time and was very impressed; usually I am a standard dirty vodka girl.  I haven't reviewed in awhile but wanted to give this gem a well deserved shout out!!
5	Great intimate atmosphere followed by a great food and wine selection, topped off with 5 star service. I was there last night an stick with some of the specials. Started with the grilled calamari and I have zero complaints. Great for dates or intimate conversation. I highly recommend Dish.
3	I have been three times, the first was just apps and drinks - FANTASTIC! The second was a wonderful dinner, I had no complaints and couldn't wait to go again. The third, awful. The seafood didn't taste fresh and everything else was overcooked or bland. It was a weeknight - so perhaps the JV team was in the kitchen? I have to give a three for the semi-consistency. I will go again - but not if I am paying for the bill.
5	Amazing Italian Fair! - one of the few places you can get carpaccio in Pittsburgh, it could use capers to add the saltiness needed by the greens, but it is still stellar.  The owners are GREAT, they take good care of their patrons (offering to give my date an umbrella due to threat of rain...  She was amazingly attractive, but I think they would have done it for anyone who looked dismayed by the storm clouds).  Their bar is well stocked and even if you do not like 14 y.o. single malt Oban, Tawny Port, or Amarone; they have a great tap selection...  They have Framboise and Guinness on tap, making it possible to feast on a Red Velvet while eating the best tiramisu you will find outside of NYC. While it is hard to not order the Grigliata Mista di Pesce, their recent special of lump crab/sea scallops/shrimp in a creme saffron sauce over fresh made pasta was to die for.  The meal started out very good, and as I worked my way to the bottom of the bowl, the mass of crab that had been marinating in the saffron creme was so good I nearly died.  I had been drowning in my date's stunning blue eyes until that point when the flavors on my tongue caused all else in the world to temporarily cease existing as absolute perfection embraced my palate.  Will be back, hopefully next week!   Quasi perfetto!
4	We came here for my birthday and were pleasantly surprised that this nondescript building tucked away down a side street housed such amazing Italian cuisine.  The mushroom bruschetta (Bruschetta ai Funghi) was fabulous, as was the Fettuccine ai Funghi e Spinaci.  I would have given it 5 stars but it's not as vegetarian friendly as I would have liked.  The fettuccine was the only vegetarian entree option, and the server indicated that modifications to dishes/sauces would not be made to make any of the other entrees veggie friendly.  I was disappointed that a restaurant of that caliber that clearly employs a chef of considerable talent would be unwilling to accommodate special diets.  We filled up on the delicious antipasto, salads, and breads, and left satisfied, but it does put a sour taste in your mouth when a waiter tells you that "it's too bad you're a vegetarian" and is unwilling to remove meat from a dish when you're willing to drop close to $100 for a special occasion meal.
5	I came here last summer with my friend in July and I was stunned by their specials menu, it was almost all in season and outnumbered the selection on their house menu. The bar is so well stocked, they have amazing house cocktails, I had the lavender lemon vodka martini and it was amazing. The wine list here is also very nice and the wait staff is pretty knowledgeable about wine pairing. I do believe we started out with the bruschetta with mushrooms and also the meat and cheese platter (i think). I remember that what ever it was that we started out with it was going to be an amazing meal.I had the filet mignon offering paired with perfectly grilled asparagus, mushroom risotto and the red wine reduction. The meat melted in my mouth it was so tender and perfectly cooked (rare/medium rare) and with each bite the asparagus, with the meat, with the risotto, and a little dip of the sauce was out of this world delicious. I could not stop smiling as I devoured the entire plate and washed it down with a very nice red wine (pinot noir or cab sauv).I notice people have been commenting about the wait to get a table, I had no such issue, waited a good 20 minutes while I enjoyed my martini at the bar. Also Italian food typically is not vegetarian friendly, so don't expect this place to have too many vegetarian options available. Lastly I thought the price was extremely reasonable, considering they bring in everything fresh. The restaurant is very small and tucked away, which adds to the appeal--at least for me. Nice ambiance, good staff, fabulous food, fresh ingredients, amazing cocktails, this place is hands down probably one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	It's rare to find an Italian restaurant this wonderful. The owner's committment to authenticity is admirable -- they use the best olive oil (either Sicilian or Spanish I was told by the owner) that I've ever had in an American restaurant. Quality ingredients and preparation. Why can't other places understand this? Where to begin...the carpaccio of tuna with super fine shaved/julienned fennel: AMAZING. The ricotta gnochi; fantastic. The frutta di mare- type pasta also delicious. I also really like the atmosphere, the spare polished tables and perfect lighting are conducive to a very comfortable dining experience. Reasonably priced wine list with some unusual Sicilian varietals is much appreciated. The servers are fantastic, also, offering tastes of wines and very knowedgeable about the dishes.Dish, how we love you!
4	Very European. Slower service, close seating, dim lighting, and a cozy bar. Highlight of the menu is the grilled calarmari appetizer. Tender, well charred, and perfectly seasoned. This was the first truly successful grilled calamari I have had (albiet, it was a couple years ago - I consistently order this same appetizer). Pastas are nicely done as well. I've been here at least 5 times in the last 18 months and the menu has not changed. I am fine if that means there is a focus on execution and maintaining quality, but I realize some of you out there are looking for seasonal cuisine - this is not the spot for you. Their website does claim they are moving toward a more seasonally focused menu though. BTW: Parking can be a pain. You can valet at Nakama and walk a block up if you're hard pressed. Otherwise, there is a public lot in South Side (across from Fat Heads) between 18th and 19th, or street parking only.
5	Dish is my go-to restaurant in southside. The menu is ever-changing, showcasing a real passion and understanding of the food and taking advantage of seasonal ingredients. The staff is accomodating and loves special requests and off-menu orders. Not to mention, this place is adorable. Dimly lit, intimate, and romantic. Make sure you make advance reservations, they fill up fast!
5	Went there for my wife's birthday. Excellent choice and great dining experience. This is a small neighborhood upscale restaurant on the Southside. There are maybe 15 tables max with some in the bar area and the rest in the next room. We called and made a reservation for a Tuesday night but didn't really need one. I'd highly recommend reservations for the weekend. Food was absolutely superb. Quality ingredients. Wonderfully prepared and the menu had some creativity. The wine list was OK but I didn't expect much for a small restaurant. They do have a fully stocked bar though and offer beer cocktails(?). Very different. Had not seen that before. Our waitress was pleasant and very knowledgeable.Dish is a wonderful, small Italian restaurant and I highly recommend it. SO MUCH BETTER than the routine fare you often find on the Southside. No complaints other than parking (there is none) so plan some extra time to find a spot.
5	Dish was probably one of the best dining experiences I've had since moving to Pittsburgh.  While located in South Side, it's comfortably removed from the chaos of Carson St.  The actual restaurant is a small, dimly-lit European style place in the first floor of a converted row-house.  As soon as you enter, you'll notice a fully stocked and nicely decorated bar area equipped with tables for those unable to make a reservation.  In the back of the restaurant there are 15 or so small tables.  Overall the restaurant is quite cozy and has a very intimate vibe.  We started our meal out with the mushroom bruschetta, which consists of three different types of mushrooms served on ciabatta bread.  The appetizer was prepared fresh, brought out relatively promptly and was excellent.  For the main meal I had the Rigatonia alla Scarmoza sans prosciutto.  This dish is essentially a rigatoni pasta dish with smoked mozarella, peas and crushed pistachio nuts in a heavenly Parmesan cream sauce.  The pasta was simply out of this world.  My girlfriend had the Grigliata Mista di Pesce which consisted of salmon, calamari and eggplant.  She recommends this for the fish lovers out there.We capped our meal off with pumpkin flan: two thumbs up.  All this food with a couple of Peronis to wash it down...probably one of the best meals I've had in a good while.  The service was fantastic and I appreciated their willingness to accommodate us despite being 20 minutes late.  Give yourself extra time to find parking...Look, this place is pricey and probably isn't somewhere you'd visit often; however, if you are looking to go out for that special occasion, definitely consider it.  You will not be disappointed.  Just be sure to make reservations well in advance; I'd say at least one week or so.
5	Want to escape the madness of Carson street? Not into sport bars? You'd like a cocktail or a glass of wine in a cool, lively, somewhat more upscale place? Dish is for you. Foodwise, we only tasted their shrimps since one of us was hungry, and they were very good. We then focused on the drinks. Long wine list with more than a few italian wines, and a shorter, but decent cocktail list. The sazerac and lemon drop martini were fine, and very reasonably priced, although the martini was too sweet for my taste. That said, this is not the most interesting cocktails I have had in Pittsburgh.The space is pleasant, although the tables and seats near the door get a lot of fresh air when it's cold outside. The crowd is diverse, the majority perhaps in their early 30s. Noisy, but you can still talk to people. Mix of people eating and others drinking.We'll be back
4	I had been looking forward to coming back here for a while. I remember it being delicious, but that's about it. If my memory served me right, I'd be in Italian food heaven!The ambiance is uber romantical. It's very dimly lit. Almost so much that I really wanted to use my cell phone light to see the menu. I didn't want to seem 80 years old, so I sucked it up and squinted. I almost felt bad having a ladies night out instead of being with my lover, er husband, for this romantic affair. Better to be a ladies night and stuff your face though:)We ordered up a bottle of Malbec to split for around $40. Wasn't my fave Malbec I will note, but I had no problem taking it down! We ordered the Melanzane grigliate con Mozzarella di Bufala (which I had to copy and paste from the website or there would be no way I could spell that correctly!). It was grilled eggplant, buffalo mozzarella and basil drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The eggplant was thinly sliced and cooked perfectly. I think it's really easy to mess it up, but they perfected it, between the eggplant and creamy mozz.For dinner I had the Tagliatelle ai Funghi which was tagliatelle (a thicker noodle pasta) with Portobello, shiitake and cremini mushrooms in extra virgin and garlic. Spinach, basil and parmiggiano Reggiano. For $15 it was a good size portion. I enjoy al dente pasta, but it was maybe just a smidge too al dente for me. I thought the dish was good, don't get me wrong. It had flavor, but it wasn't bursting with flavor. It was solid, but I guess I was expecting it to blow me away. The Chocolate Bread Pudding was delicious. It came out all ooey and gooey and just scrumptious. The added cherry syrup was just the "icing" on the cake aka pudding. A great end to a great meal!That's why I think I'll go back, get a different dish and still have a good experience. Maybe I'm too optimistic, but I still think this is a fantastic restaurant and maybe I had a miss on the main dish. Believe me, I don't mind taste testing pasta!
4	One of the better Italian restaurants I have been to. If I remember correctly, I got a fra diavalo dish and it was pretty tasty. Very romantic ambiance here.
5	I ate here this past weekend with my girlfriend and her father for dinner.  We called 2 days prior to our visit in order to try and get reservations at 7 PM.  It didn't exactly work out for us since it was a weekend night and we ultimately decided on the 6:30 PM reservation whenever that or a 9 PM was offered instead.  I can't say that I have ever really noticed Dish before even though I have to have been past it before.  It's a fairly nondescript building on a corner a couple of streets off of Carson.  We arrived right around our dining time and were told that we would have to wait a few minutes for our table.  The restaurant is pretty well divided into two different areas with one side of the restaurant being the bar and the other side a dining room.  Whenever we walked into the dining there was only one other couple inside and so I ended up being confused about our wait other than trying to get us to order drinks.  At least it wasn't a long wait I suppose.  The dining room itself was fairly small and I think that it could maybe seat 30 or so people.  Overall the whole restaurant was pretty unassuming and the only real thing that I noticed about the dining room were some bottles on a shelf on one side of the dining area.For dinner we all decided to split the Crostini alla Scamorza which was toasted ciabatta bread with smoked mozzarella, prosciutto, mushrooms and fresh basil while my girlfriends father also opted for the pasta e fagioli.  While we were waiting for the soup and appetizers to come out, they provided us with some pieces of bread as well as an small vessel that had some balsamic on the bottom and olive oil on top.  It was good but I was surprised how much of a bite the olive oil had in it.  After a short amount of time both the crostinis and soup were delivered.  The crostini looked like a cheesy bread but ended up tasting more like a cheesy bread on steroids.  While the tops of the crostini were covered in delicious prosciutto and cheese, the mushrooms on top gave it some good earthiness and the basil a good flavor.  Sadly there were only three crostinis as I am sure that I would have liked some more of it.  For our dinner entrees I ordered the Tagliatelle ai Funghi which was Fresh tagliatelle with shiitake, portobello, oyster, pioppini and cremini mushrooms in extra virgin and garlic with spinach, basil and Parmiggiano Reggiano while my girlfriend went with the Linguine ai Frutti di Mare.  Whenever they were brought to the table I thought that the portions looked a bit small but the bowls ended up being deceiving as they were deeper than they looked.  My girlfriends dish came covered in many different types of seafood which you would expect and tasted really good.  Mine was also excellent and I loved that the noodles were cooked al dente and were a bit denser than I had been expecting.  It also carried much of the same flavors that I so enjoyed with the crostini and before long there was nothing left on my plate and I was full.  My girlfriend and her father both commented on how much they enjoyed their meals and we all left satisfied.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be heading here again in the future.  I like that almost everything about it is low key and yet it still provides excellent food while also being cheaper than I had originally expected.
3	Cool little restaurant in an interesting area. You get crammed Ina a little and so don't expect too much space! Good menu and service and the place had a nice vibe. I had pretty high expectations and the food didn't quite reach that level. Nothing really wrong with the cooking but neither was it exceptional. It just felt like a million other Italian restaurants in which I have eaten. Nice place though.
5	The entire experience was exquisite, between our wonderful waitress, the delicious food, and precious atmosphere it was definitely a hidden gem in Southside's scene. Definitely order the seafood!! Super yum.
4	This is easily my favorite Italian I've had in Pittsburgh. The service was impeccable, the atmosphere was very nice (perfect date place but also great when I went with a small group of friends), and - most importantly - the food was out of this world. I got a pasta dish with mushrooms that was by far and away one of my favorite meals I've ever eaten. It was so simple but the ingredients were fresh and interesting. And the mango cake I had for dessert was equally excellent...light, full of succulent mangos, and with the perfect level of sweetness. Sadly, due to the price, this will be limited to a special occasion destination but I really look forward to a return visit.
2	Neighborhood is quite "run-down"...a neighborhood that lets you experience the worst Pittsburgh has to offer...Impossible to find parking on the week-end...Ordered a $27 meal and only received 2 shrimp, 2 scallops, a small piece of swordfish, and rice.  Huh?  Are they feeding grown men or children?  My guest ordered a $19 pasta dish that was just enough to feed a bird...and we're very skinny individuals...On the positive side, great lighting.In summary, 24k Gold pricing for .925 Silver.  I had high expectations and brought my appetite, but every aspect of the evening was disappointing...and now just thinking about it, my bum hurts...ouch...I suppose the high prices and small portions are to ensure Dish can pay their rent...but in this area?  With teeming schools of boorish drunkards and parking that is LITERALLY NON-EXISTENT ?  "DISH, PLEASE!"
4	my boyfriend surprised me for my birthday with dinner at dish. he had called a day or two before to make reservations and was told he should have called basically a month before. but if he came in right at 5, he'd probably get a table for two. that's exactly what we did and we got one of 3 open tables, so DO make a reservation way ahead of time, or DO be waiting at the door when they open. we both got wine with our meal and a olive marinate appetizer. the olives were pretty good, a lot of variety. i got the gnocchi with lamb and it was amazing. the gnocchies themselves  were stuffed with ricotta, so innovative and delish. he got a pasta with hen of the woods mushrooms in an oil sauce. also delicious, but i have to recommend the gnocchi to anyone who ever goes there.the service was excellent and the place is intimate and cute.not super fancy, but definitely a nice place to go for a special occasion. worth the early reservation or waiting at the door for sure.
5	Went here for the first time on a Wednesday evening, and I must say, I never knew this place existed and now so happy that I do. Atmosphere: The restaurant is the perfect size. It's not overly large, but it's not tiny either, but could easily fill up with a few large parties or several couples. It's super dim, though, so if you do not enjoy eating in the dark, then you may want to find a table with many candles nearby. Otherwise, it's adorable inside, updated but modern and fresh. Also, since this restaurant is on 17th and off the East Carson path, you don't feel as though you're in the middle of the Southside dealing with every college kid that just discovered alcohol. Service: The servers and owner (who I got to meet) were wonderful. They know the menu and also care. I think due to the size of the place, it's manageable for them to not be overwhelmed and spread thin.Food: Let me tell you ... I had the Butternut Squash Gnocchi with Boar Ragu and I'm still thinking about it. The gnocchi were absolutely fresh and probably the best I've ever had. They melted in my mouth and I did not want them to end. The boar ragu was also incredibly fresh and the pairing was something I would have never been able to produce in my own mind. I'm being dramatic, but I truly enjoyed it and I made that apparent by eating every last bite and then licking up the sauce on the plate with leftover bread. We finished with the chocolate bread pudding and it was the best decision. It was a little more like a molten lava cake and a quick bread,  so it was not overly "pudding" esque. My opinion is that if a restaurant has bread pudding as a dessert, then you should get it cause it's probably amazing. Few places dare make bread pudding because either they know some people see it as outdated, but nowadays I feel it can be so unique. The only other place that rivaled this option was NOLA... they used to have a red velvet bread pudding that may be one of the greatest desserts I've ever had, but I digress.I'll definitely be adding Dish to my "nice night out" rotation!
5	Omg, where do I start?!??!   My buddy and I were in town for business and I saw this place on Andrew Zimmern so decided to give it a try.  We sat in the bar area and It was very cool.  The place is situated in the middle of a neighborhood, and if you don't know where you're going, you'd never find it.  The bar was small but fancy....Also quiet.   We ordered beef carpachio and tuna tartar for our Apps.....SU-LAMMING!!!!!!!!!!   BEST I'VE EVER HAD!   For dinner we both had a pasta dish....His had a white sauce and tasted like bacon, mine had a red sauce and had anchovies among other things in it.   BOTH WERE DELICIOUS!!!!  PASTA IS FRESH!!! I can't remember the names....for dessert they had pumpkin flan.... .AGAIN, IT WAS BANGING!!!!!   5 STARS FOR THIS PLACE ALL DAY LONG!!!!!   Pittsburgh, ur very lucky to have this place in your back yard, get your asses down there and give it a try!!!!
5	A very nice seafood dinner for my family. My wife loved the Frutti di Mare linguini, my six year old loved my leek soup and tilefish, especially the garlicky spinach and potato salad, and I enjoyed what she left me. Nice wine selection, and excellent bread. Definitely a repeater.
4	Went here for a date night - had heard of this place but didn't know where it was located and was pleasantly surprised to find it in the Southside off the beaten path. I'm not much an italian-food lover but this place has changed my mind. I ordered the duck - and it was absolutely amazing! Our waiter was fantastic - helped guide us to some of his favorites while explaining some wine pairings. The ambiance was warm, inviting, and still intimate. I will definitely be back here.
5	I finally made it here after living in the Southside for a year! I'm not sure why it took me so long, because this would be a great place to enjoy a nice drink and appetizer at the bar after work while avoiding the typical Southside crowd. I ordered gnocchi, which comes served in a wild boar ragu, and it was to-die-for (sorry - I really don't know how else to explain it!). I savored every last bite despite the fact that I was full after eating half of the dish, but I didn't want to waste a single taste. I highly recommend it!
5	Exceptional Italian food for anywhere, not just Pittsburgh. Somehow manages to have terrific seafood, despite its landlocked location. This is what a casual fine dining restaurant should be: cozy, dimly lit, excellent but unobtrusive servers, terrific food. Plus I love that they keep some bar seats and tables open for walk-ups. It gets very crowded on the weekends, so I recommend reservations, or going on a weeknight.
5	I came to town for business, and found this place on Yelp. This was my first time here, and I hope it isn't my last. The atmosphere was so delightful; small but not too cozy. The service was the perfect amount of attentive but not intrusive. And finally the food was fantastic! I had the Mushroom Soup and Rigatoni alla Scamorza, and I was really impressed with the quality and taste. This would be such a great date restaurant!! Great job Dish Osteria!!
5	Yummmmm-hum. This review is for drinks and dessert. Which should be enough for you to get an idea because it was for me!Dish is fannnnncy but I think the service, food, ambiance, furniture, etc. are all in accordance with the price. The bar is copper. Probably not to the core but it's copper colored or plated! Pretty and shiny! I had a ginger old fashioned. Highly recommended over their sazerac which was just okay. The chocolate bread pudding was really really good. Hot but not dry, spongy but not gummy, and topped with chocolate sauce and fresh, delicious blueberries. Eating blueberries in February is cheating but if no one hears about it then it's ok. They were like tangy gifts from Mexico. The fruit kind. Next we asked for espresso Martinis but I kind of wanted just an espresso and maybe another drink. Next time I won't have a coffee martini. I feel like my brain was confused by the chemical combination, like, I'm tired! Noooo I'm up! Nooo I'm wired! When all I ever really was was full. The dinner menu looked great too. Many options for all diners. Maybe will try again on a visit to Pittsburgh. It will have to wait some time but the place comes highly recommended so it won't be forgotten.
5	FAVE RESTAURANT IN PITTSBURGH, HANDS DOWN. Sweet jesus in heaven, I love Dish. This is always my number one pick for a birthday dinner and I have never eaten anything here I wasn't ready to marry on the spot. The cocktail menu is plucked from my dreams, and I always have the hardest time deciding which entree to get. Perfect place for a dinner for two or to get some drinks with a girlfriend. Oh Andrea, never change!!
1	This place is not good. They don't execute the basic fundamentals of cooking well. Put this restaurant in NYC and it wouldn't last a month but here it has almost five stars--mind boggling. If you like an overcooked pork shop and a management team that likes to talk about bs rather than make sure you have good service (or good food(, go here for sure.
4	Great atmosphere and good first date place. Try the bruschetta it was awesome. Menu simple but very good!
5	Went here for a special occasion. The ambiance was very warm -- a perfect location for a date night.  I was so impressed by the authenticity of the Italian food and the quality of the ingredients. I still dream about the scallops with saffron cream sauce. So delicious!
5	The food at Dish is phenomenal!! I had a great experience. The waitresses are very attentive, and the food is delicious. The only thing I would change is the loud atmosphere. Try not to get a table near the bar. Also, the restaurant had bad lighting. I will definitely come back when I visit Pittsburgh again....
5	I absolutely love it here, the bar is great but the food is even better!  I took my girlfriend here a week ago and the service was fantastic!  We sat at the bar and our bartender Alyssa was excellent.  She made excellent wine recommendations for my girlfriend and my old fashion was delicious.  I will be back here and will try to imitate their scallops with saffron cream (I will most likely fail). i love this place
5	Five of us had a wonderful meal here last night.  We began with the antipasto platter and bruschetta with homemade ricotta, delish, wish they were a bit bigger.  Hubby had swordfish, nice portion and cooked perfectly. Kids all had pasta dish, the rigatoni with peas and pistachios and the gnocchi--all were pleased and stuffed afterward!  I had the panzanella salad and grilled shrimp--had an amazing red sauce!  We had three desserts--lemon cheesecake, chocolate bread pudding, and tiramisu,  I couldn't tell you which I liked best, all fabulous!!
4	We very much enjoyed this impromptu stop at one of the places I have been longing to try! Our waiter was prompt and polite, and made sure that we knew about the changes in the menu. After perusing a list of very appealing selections, we decided on splitting the Grigliata (tuna) on a bed of saffron risotto with a vegetable and seafood mix that complimented the sides of the tuna. Everything was cooked to perfection, and this is not an over exaggeration. Our only complaint is that the vegetable mix was brined in a lot of salt. A LOT of salt. There were olives in this mixture, so I would urge the preparers to back off a bit on the NaCl. Service was timely throughout the meal, and quite pleasant. Wine selection was impressive and beer selection was great for what we expected to be a wine bar. Music was too loud, and lighting was too dark. Time: 8:30 ish. Other than that, I loved this place. Perfect for a date night. Atmosphere: +
4	The food is good Italian with a but of a modern twist. The service is always excellent.
4	Found this place out of the morass of Carson St nightlife (on a Friday night no less), and we can't imagine finding a nicer random pick -- we're only in Pittsburgh for one night and had no prior knowledge of the place. It has the feel of a slightly upscale but neighborhood place, with a dozen or so tables in one room, and a few two-person tables in another room with the bar. We were seated immediately (it wasn't crowded), and the entire staff was super-friendly and attentive. Our waiter (hi Scott!) was quite gregarious, and offered us tips on both good venues for after-dinner drinks as well as highlights of the city to catch the next day.We each had a glass of the standard Merlot -- entirely adequate but I make no claims to wine snobbery.We ordered a grilled eggplant appetizer with Buffalo mozzerella and basil. It arrived within minutes, and disappeared into our bellies just as quickly. Delicious.
5	The food here is excellent, the wait staff is friendly & efficient, and the price is reasonable. Best restaurant in Pittsburgh!
5	Dish was amazing. The atmosphere was very romantic and intimate. Friendly and fast table service. Small and full bar, perfect for happy hour after a hard day at the office. The food was fantastic. An eclectic environment for the college date, or date night for mom and dad. A must try.
3	Nice cozy place. Overall food was  good. We ordered a pork chop which was good, but our side of pasta showed us we should have opted for a pasta entre instead. Attentive service, but our waiter didn't know much at all about wine so I politely asked for the heavily Italian-accented owner who I was sure had a handle on the all Italiano wine list. Well, our less than knowledgeable waiter wouldn't relinquish his  position and recommended what was about the worst bottle I have had in a long, long time.Even so, it was a good experience, would recommend.
2	I'm not really sure what all the hype is about! I finally made to Dish Osteria for dinner and my best summary of the meal would be it was ok.We had made reservations and when we got there had to wait for our table, was offered comped desserts, but that never came to fruition. For such a small restaurant the service wasn't attentive and at times its seemed like we were just waiting. PS...if you are dining with a vegetarian they were willing to make ZERO accommodations to their menu and had only one option...I hope they like mushrooms!
4	Southside isn't normally the neighborhood you think to go for date night, but Dish is the perfect spot with its intimate seating, romantic lighting, and extensive wine list. We split the charcuterie board to start and I ordered the linguine di mare. My dish was good, but because the sauce wasn't flavorful enough, even the seafood lover in me wouldn't jump to order it again. I tried my date's gnocchi - much better flavor. On my next visit, I may even consider just splitting a few appetizers. Based on the ambiance and excellent service, I would definitely return for a date or 2-4 person dinner out
5	Loved the intimate atmosphere. Came here on a date and it was really perfect. Parking was a bit of a trip, though. Had to drive around for a good 20 minutes to find! But then again, it was a Friday night in the South Side. The food and service were all impeccable. Highly recommend the duck cavatelli. The meat was so tender and the flavor resonated throughout the dish. You can tell the pasta is homemade and to me, that makes all the difference in the world.Nice wine list with a variety of prices on Italian wines. Look forward to coming back!
5	I came upon this place while traveling on business because it was listed in Pittsburgh Magazine's 2014 best restaurants.  Sat at the bar and had a lovely conversation with the bartender, who is also training to become a sommelier... so she knew her stuff.  Had one bocas plate (meatballs) and the house salad.  Considering how cold it was outside the meatballs were a perfect order, then the salad lightened things up before my entree.  I ordered Grigliata di Pesce which was essentially a hodge-podge of delicious seafood all brough together by polenta and eggplant.  I'd definitely recommend it!The owner came by, which convinced me to stay after dinner for a drink.  The owner, myself, and some of the staff all had a long, friendly conversation.  Everyone that works here is so personable!Would definitely recommend for a date, a nice dinner with friends, or on a night where you just some good food and good conversation.
