4	Ri-Ra's is an Irish Pub and Restaurant that becomes a popular nightlife spot in Uptown Charlotte after dinner hours.  The food is good for the price level, and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst  plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.  At night Ri-Ra's has live music and a DJ which alternate floors depending on the night.  The bartenders are excellent, the atmosphere fun, and the drinks strong.  A great place to go to have a few drinks with drink specials every night of the week and a great place to grab a meal with specials depending on the time of day.  Cover for guys is $5 on the weekends, free for girls.
4	I normally HATE chain Irish pubs, but this particular one is a cut way above the rest.  Great food, very very nice staff, a perfectly poured pint of Guinness, and great (meaning talented and not obnoxious) Irish/Scottish entertainment.
4	not your average Irish pub... on the weekends it can get packed... and upstars they have a DJ or band and it can get a lil crazy... on big nights it is hard to move beacuse of so many pople but i guess it is like that everywhere in CLT... i have never eaten there food... but have heard it is ok...
4	Definitely a great Irish pub!  I was a little disappointed that the downstairs is completely all smoking tables since that seems to be where it is the liveliest but in all reality, it wasn't that smoky so we ended up eating downstairs anyway.  I ordered the Shepherd's Pie which was veryyy good, definitely recommend it!  The decor is very authentic and could definitely see this place getting pretty crowded later on at night since the upstairs and downstairs are really not that big.  However, would recommend it as a place to check out if you are visiting Charlotte!
3	I went here one morning in search of a proper fry-up.  It was okay.  The service was pretty good; but, the bangers could be a little better.
4	Great irish pub. Interior is great, looks like an authentic pub. They've got great food. Service is pretty good as well. Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC. Two levels, downstairs looks more the irish pub part. They typically have entertainment in some form either upstairs or down. Definitely worth a stop for a pint of Guinness!
3	So I'm stuck here for work for a week and found this nice pub.  Not exactly my scene, but the wait staff was super friendly and suggested better spots for me to check out.  Beer selection was pretty typical and drink prices were pretty cheap (considering I live in NY)....Next time i'll try the food!
3	When Rira's Irish Bar first opened it was the only game in town on the NationsBank side of Uptown.  It was the start of Charlotte's new night life.  This is an Irish bar which means that the beer is good but the food is just so-so.  Come here for after work get togethers but hit one of the other restaurants if the plan is dinner.Not bad for lunch though.I just found out that it is a chain.  While I am surprised it does make sense  since everything in Charlotte tends to be a chain.  Very few places with local flavor especially in Uptown Charlotte.
1	Civilized, respectable locations don't charge separate covers for the gander and the goose.  Yes, it's that simple.  Well, Ri-Ra, I used to be a fan of your Irish authenticity, in terms of a cozy, low-key beer every now and then.  But seems you have taken a turn away from legitimacy, and towards masses of drunken revelrers.  A shame, really, for my once favorite bar in Charlotte.
2	The food looks great so I'd definitely try it again for lunch or dinner.  But it's a tiny space, even with the upstairs, so don't go on weekends if you don't like being mauled to death by overly tan twenty somethings in polo shirts.
5	We were there on a Friday night and LOVED it!! Upstairs wasn't our thing. We got a table below the band (a guitar player and drummer) and we just could not stop dancing! I haven't danced in public in so long, but their music got me going! Our group of 15 people ranged from 30 year olds to 60 year olds and everyone had a great time.
1	Over-crowded, nothing special
3	The bar is attractive.  The beer is cold.  The fish and chips ranks right up there with Mrs. Paul's
4	When I walked into this place I felt like I was walking into my dad's favorite bar in my hometown.  It was very casual and laid back, with the big wooden chairs and comfortable atmosphere.  The food was about the same as the bar back home too.   Good but not spectacular.  It tasted very fresh and well cooked, but pub food is rarely worth getting too excited about.  The waitress was very attentive and took good care of us.  She really wanted us to have a good time.
4	We stopped in here for a drink on a Friday night.  One of the more authentic irish pubs i've been to.  The decor had a nice Irish feel and they had a band going at it upstairs(another example, they pronounce Smithwicks properly, if you don't understand, just ask an irishman)They charged a $5 cover, ladies were free.  The place was pretty hoppin, lots of drunk girls having a blast.We pulled up to the bar and had a few drinks.  A nice selection at a decent price.  When it comes to Irish bars I'm always a sucker for a shot of Jameson with a Guinness chaser and they didn't disappoint.It sounded like there was alot more fun to be had upstairs(live band, dance floor etc) but we were just to tired to check it out, maybe next time.
3	I only go to Ri Ra for the nightlife aspect, so I'm not going to comment on the restaurant aspect. And as for the nightlife, I don't mind going here, but don't really prefer it either.Located right in the heart of Tryon in downtown Charlotte, this place becomes really packed on weekend nights. And while I don't mind paying the $5 cover for guys, I don't really enjoy this bar when it gets way too crowded. It can get very difficult to move, either upstairs or down, but sometimes you can move out to the patio on nice nights & find some breathing room.As for the atmosphere, Ri Ra has just never really done anything special for me. I just think of this place as a nicer bar that's always crowded, so I'm always looking to get out of there when my friends want to stay. They have live bands some nights & that just adds to the claustrophobia of the upstairs. If you can get a table, the place isn't as bad, with a good beer selection & excellent bar tab system. You can open your tab at either the upstairs or downstairs bar & then proceed to order from either bar. This takes away from the hassle of always having to go back to the same bar you opened your tab at.Other than a nice setting inside, Ri Ra just never seems to impress me and/or make me want to come back again. I'm sure there is a reason the place is always packed, so I guess I'm just out of the loop on loving this place. So while it's not a one of my favorites in Charlotte, I don't mind the place for small chunks at a time.
3	I've had good times at Ri-Ra, and I've had some bad times.Most of the good times were due to the band playing, which is sometimes really good, and most of the bad times were a combination of bad music and overcrowding.This place has been a popular mainstay of downtown/uptown as long as I can remember. It's tall and long inside but very narrow, and when its crowded it can offer up a bit of a claustrophobic vibe.Since its so popular, it can draw a bit of an unruly, late-night crowd as well. Most of the people here are cool however, and the staff seem to be nice and accommodating. Still, its hard to get a beer or drink, and I usually don't spend more than an hour or two here before bailing for more comfortable confines.I can't speak to the food, as I've never eaten here. I have seen a menu though, and it looks decent, and decently priced.
4	Although the crowd can be a hassle on busy weekend nights, I have to say I'm a fan. Ri Ra is a large, interesting pub with a variety of food and drink options. I'm a sucker for the "authentic" Irish pub feeling, with lots of little nooks and crannies to hide away. It does make the crowds less overwhelming. Did I mention I hate big crowds?The live music is usually fun, and the service is fast and friendly when you can get to the bar. The servers are good, too, if you get a table. I recommend getting in around dinner time and leaving before the late-night crowd gets too thick.
3	Went with my husband for dinner once and the food was okay. I got a steak with some kind of whiskey sauce it was decent. The potato cakes were good. As for the nightlife it's okay when it's not packed but once it's full it's hard to get around because the room is so small. Drinks are okay if you can get someone's attention at the bar, or even get to the bar in the first place.Service is usually pretty good - when it's busy they're a little harder to get ahold of. Last time I went for lunch my only complaint was they kept the door to the outside open and the sun was shining right in my face. All in all it's ok, but not the best or most authentic Irish Pub I've been to. After all I am weighing it against Boston pubs...
3	Do you really want to go to an "Irish pub" where you have pay a cover, shove your way through the ridiculous crowds, wait 30 minutes in line at the bar and pay five bucks for a Bud Light bottle?  It's definitely hopping on a Saturday night and boasts a nice and pretty downtown location...but god, do not think that this place actually passes for an "Irish pub".
3	Ri Ra's is a popular place to go if you're up for a big (and by "big"  I mean wild and drunk) night out in Uptown Charlotte--that much has been well-documented. I've definitely partaken of a few of these nights. It's a nice bar, with lots of room and generally lots of fun people looking to get after it. Again, this has all been said before. What I wanted to write about is that Ri Ra's is a nice place to head for lunch, especially if you're downtown (or Uptown, whichever your prefer). They have a really efficient salad and sandwich line--it's conveyor belt style, where you pick your bread, your meat, your toppings etc. It's a really quick process, and so it's a good place to head if you're not sticking around, or if you're in a rush. But the food holds up--it's not bad at all. It's right next to the Bank of America building and offers a huge plaza of outdoor seating, so its location is ideal. Especially when it's nice out.
3	I haven't spent much time at RiRa's for late-night drinking, mostly because of its reputation for being crowded. But I had an awesome, nap-inducing dinner there one night. My friend and I had done an afternoon fundraiser/bar crawl one day and we were starving afterward. We headed to RiRa's at around 5 pm, before any of the crowds got there, and we were seated upstairs. We were the only people up there for most of our meal. Had we been on a date, the candle-lit atmosphere would have been awesome. I had the beef and Guiness stew. It was heavy and so so delicious. So my point is that if RiRa's doesn't suit you as a bar, definitely try the food during a less-busy time. It's well worth it.
4	I have visited the Charlotte Ri Ra several times when I have been in Charlotte on business and have always enjoyed myself. Yeah, it's loud, crowed and very smoky (especially for a smoke-free Californian), but that's what makes it a Pub. When traveling on business I often have to find placed where I won't feel awkward dining alone, and a lively Pub always keeps me from sticking out. This evening I just had the Guinness BBQ burger, a few pints of the dark stuff and I stayed for the acoustic music.... I'll be back.
4	Yes, you have to pay a five dollar cover.  Yes, that's super lame. The band was awesome and the bartenders were amiable and generous.  It was crowded, but I didn't have any problem getting service from the bar.The smokiness definitely didn't bother me because I'm used to Mississippi bars which are much worse.  It seems like this is where the younger crowd hangs out.  I certainly enjoyed myself.  Ri Ra Rocks.  Apparently it's cool to wear a Christmas sweater too.  Do it.
3	Ri-Ra's is an Irish pup, not a stereotypical Chinese man saying "We Lost".On weekend's they'll have a cover, but this is offset by the lack of a bathroom attendant, so the overhead expense for going out here is in line with the rest of downtown Charlotte.The prices of drinks are probably a bit higher here, so you may wish to get a base going before you find yourself here.The bartender was pretty nice to me.  I used an iPhone app with a drink database to order a random obscure cocktail and "Irish Twist".  She had no idea what it was but made it for me using the iPhone recipe, injecting some uniqueness into my Ri-Ra's experience.And it may have just been the Irish Twists handling my perceptions, but I'm pretty sure she liked me.
5	I used to work at Ri Ra's and most of the time that generates a horrible review - however, I loved this place. The food was always good quality and kitchen staff was awesome.  The selection of import beer was good and the bartenders could make up some crazy concoctions. I always had a blast working on the weekends cuz the crowd was fun, the music good, and the tips = phenomenal! One hint: if you don't want to wait 30 minutes to get a drink from the bartender then snatch up a cocktail waitress and they'll get in bout 5 minutes. Allow time for them to fight the crowd to and from the bar and you'll have your drink in no time. And yes - a tip is appreciated. Anyhow! A little history about that bar that I learned while working there: everything downstairs is imported from Ireland. The owners have a partner over there who does nothing but look for antique stuff for ambiance. Ask you server the next time you dine downstairs about some of the artifacts. It's actually pretty impressive. Oh! And if you get a chance to dine outside on the patio take it! It's always comfortable and has a seperate restroom out there which is nice since there's not an abundance of restrooms.
4	This was the most pleasant dining experience I had on my business trip to Charlotte, and of course it occurred the afternoon I was leaving. After spending a week in suburbia hell, I wanted to see if Charlotte actually had a downtown, and happily I found it, along with affordable parking. We were super hungry, so we literally stepped into the first place that served food once we got out of the car. Luckily it was Ri Ra. I hear this is a rocking place on the weekend, but on a cold Tuesday afternoon, we pretty much had the place to ourselves (except for the loudmouth "screenwriter" at the bar). We sat by the fireplace and enjoyed Harp on tap and sandwiches. My pastrami was delicious, but if I could do it again I would have the full serving of the magnificent mac n' cheese. The lunch menu was extensive with very reasonable prices. The best thing about this place however was our waiter, who is getting married in Jackson Square down here in NOLA this August, bless his heart. He was super nice and attentive with zero fakiness. Best of luck to you, kind sir!
4	My brother took me and my parents here after a Bobcats game.  It was pretty crowded and my brother and dad had to pay a cover (it was ladies night).  We were able to find a couple of stools together and sat down.  The bartenders were very quick to come over and get our drink orders.  We were also seated close to the live band that was playing, who were awesome by the way.  It is a little smokey inside but I didn't come out smelling of smoke so that was a plus.  Some people had ordered food and it did look pretty tasty.  Next time I will have to get some spinach and artichoke dip which is what the people next to us had.  There are two levels, from what I've heard the upstairs has more of a club atmosphere, needless to say we didn't venture up.  The first floor was great if you ask me.  Live music and good drinks, can't get much better.
4	This was the first Uptown pub we went to when we arrived in Charlotte. It has a great atmosphere, a helpful staff, and a GREAT menu of not only food, but BEER. I've brought all my Florida friends to this pub when they come to visit me.  It's like I have to share the wealth.  :)In our most recent trip to Ri Ra (our 1st time back since the fire) we discovered the UPSTAIRS.  We did NOT know this existed.  There was an AWESOME band on stage, a nice dark, candle lit dining area and a cozy little patio to go enjoy a smoke. I couldn't believe we had missed this "upstairs" before. I can't wait 'till my friends come back for a visit so I can show this off as well!!!  Bravo guys!
3	So on day two of my retreat in Charlotte, the ladies planned dinner at Ri Ra. I'd never eaten at an Irish restaurant, so I was excited. I was even more excited to see our amazingly hot waiter with his amazingly awesome Irish accent (so authentic!). The ambience was sorta cool, with this totally traditional vibe to it. Granted we were an extremely large group, but the customer service sorta sucked (the server to our side of the table forgot my sweet potato fries and wanted to bring them out as I was finishing my food). I ordered the pulled pork sliders, and those were pretty good, as was the side of potato salad that came with it. I just wish my fries had come out as well, because they looked amazing on someone else's plate... ohhhhh welll... guess i'll have to go back again next time!
2	a sports bar galorecold french fries make me so sadeighteen dollars gone
3	With Dave all the way (well, except for the fish part) on this dark, classy, leather-encrusted Irish Pub. I hadn't been here in years and was kind of amazed how much it resembled pre-fire Ri Ra's. And yup, something about the atmosphere here (and in most other Pubs) puts me immediately at ease.The game seemed to have them a bit frazzled, but you could also tell they were trying pretty hard. There isn't a TV for every 10 degree turn of the head, so that's a plus. Food is more interesting on the weekends, as they offer Irish brunch dishes - my Irish Benedict (1st try having gotten consumed by a table pal after arriving with rashers, a thick, ham-like meat) was good, with the potato cakes stealing the show. I'd come back on a non-World Cup weekend for this dish, absolutely.Bloody Mary was meh, but it had a huge pickle spear as a garnish. Hard to be angry at a drink that comes with a pickle.For me, Ri Ra's is a better place to hit off-hours with friends, all of us squished into a booth, talking about Ulysses. But its' sports bar alter-ego is definitively what pays the bills.
4	I went to Ri Ra a few weeks ago and had a great experience. I called ahead to make sure they were serving fish and chips that day (they only serve it if the catch of the day is up to their standards) and they were. The beer selection is really great-- we decided to get the trio of Irish beers featuring Harp, Swithwicks, and Guinness.  We started out with a half order of wings with a Jameson honey glaze. The wings were perfectly cooked and the glaze was really excellent. My boyfriend and I both ordered the fish and chips which were fresh and delicious with a crisp and delicious crust. Even though we were incredibly full, we saw the table next to us order a dish full of what looked like chocolate mousse and immediately told our waitress we wanted that for dessert. It was a Bailey's chocolate mousse with whipped cream on the top. It was a HUGE serving, perfect for sharing and definitely fulfilled our chocolate craving. In addition to the food, the atmosphere was really cool and the service was fantastic. Our waitress had a lot of great suggestions and seemed very knowledgeable of the menu. I will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!
3	First time I've been to Ri Ra in a looong time.  Pre fire?  Absolutely, but not just before the fire, we're talking before fire was even invented it's been so long.  The place looks great.  It's like they were never gone.We gathered for a GUYE - that would be a UYE, guerilla-style, called by Dirty Dave, and thus not a real UYE.  As if any of them are actually real events anyway.  The semi-unfortunate issue we ran into was that it was called during the World Cup, Ri Ra was approaching capacity, and not in a good way.As we settled in, things we looking up.  The group - Dave S., TR P., Julia S., Michael E. and company managed to snag a nice-sized booth right at the entrance to the action, which seemed promising, since we weren't in the back of the bar where all the noise was.  At first.  Then they turned on the volume.  LOUD.  REALLY LOUD.  I get that they want you to be able to hear, but you couldn't hear anything else.And then service completely disappeared.  I've worked enough places to know when you get busy that you might fall behind, but this was just insane.  Part of the problem was that our server apparently was spending some time on the phone outside the bar.  Not outside her section, but outside on the street.  Probably because SHE COULDN'T HEAR INSIDE SINCE IT WAS SO FREAKING LOUD.  Why she was on the phone during her shift, I don't know.She was nice, and the food was nice, and the place was nice, but it could have been oh, so much better.  The food descriptions were insanely awesome but they just weren't delivered.  Sitting and waiting - and waiting and waiting and waiting may have done that.  Or it could have just been not that good.Sweet Tea Report: Not so good.  I'd probably avoid the sweet tea and stick with something alcoholic.
4	I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay.  Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too noisy.  Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic.  Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh.  I tried the sweet potato fries too.  The fries were a little soggy but will go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.
4	In the midst of the hype about the World Cup, Dirty Dave S. sent out a call for a UYE (that is, Unofficial Yelp Event), guerilla-style - that is, with very little warning.  Four days to be exact.Surprisingly, we had a decent turnout - Dave, myself, Denise E., Julia S., Erik, Michael E. and Tonya P. showed up at Ri Ra, and had a small amount of time to snag a table in the corner of the pub.Then they turned on the sound.  By "they" I mean the other patrons and their vuvuzelas and the bartenders, who turned up the sound of the televisions to compensate.  At that point it was almost pointless to be there since we couldn't really hear anything other than the horns and the extra-loud buzz of everything trying to outdo them.Still, it is what it is (to steal a phrase from John Fox), and it is - or was - another UYE for the history books.  Thanks for the call to arms, Dave!
1	Went in to meet some friends who'd come in from out of town.  Lovely place, admittedly - the restoration after the fire is impressive.  When we arrived, the hostess, when she finally quit talking on her phone, couldn't find our reservation and seemed pretty snotty about it.  We went upstairs, found our people, and spent the next two hours trying to get the attention of the bartenders, to little avail.  The music was too loud for conversation.Summary: VERY noisy, terrible service.  I'd tell you about the food, but the food we ordered never arrived.  Wild dogs couldn't drag me back.
1	Last time I went it was about 3pm on a weekday and there were 3 guys sitting at the bar Ttalking with a male bartender.  I stood there for approx 5-7 mins before I was even acknowledged.  Needless to say, they haven't gotten any more of my business
4	Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.
3	Ri Ra is pretty decent Irish pub in Uptown: dark wood dining area, Catholic saints and Irish blessings abound, and hearty Irish-inspired dishes on the menu.  It's a great place to get lunch or dinner if you like the Irish pub experience, but don't attempt to get that experience on a weekend night.You should be warned that the atmosphere changes drastically after the 9 o'clock hour.  The place gets packed on the weekends for the live music, with many young collegiates upstairs looking for potential mates and swarming in unbridled testosterone. Rira's has good cover and local bands, in which case they charge $5-$8 cover.  Don't get wrong, this can be fun in small doses.  Outside of these times, its usually a sedate, older white collar crowd that frequents this place. Food wise-the burgers are always a good bet and the portions are quite generous.  I've had the sheperd's pie before, it definitely a "stick to your ribs" dinner.  Most entrees are in the $10-$20 range.  The bevvy selection is varied and lean towards British/Irish varieties. The staff are congenial, though hurried on every occasion I've been.  Rira's is a good bet among Uptown restaurants, but nothing that warrants a 5-star review.
4	Here's a big hint: on Mondays, the burgers are half priced if you eat in!  They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.  I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips, they are light years better than the regular fries.  The burgers are huge, crumbly and messy, like a good hand made burger should be and they have a few different kinds, a friend had the lamb burger and said it was outstanding.
4	I went back to RiRa's for lunch today and sat on their rooftop terrace to enjoy the gorgeous weather.  I ordered the hummus wrap with the vegetable stack.  It was delicious!  They also had a breakfast/brunch menu.  My husband ordered an omlette with brisket.  He commented on the fresh eggs and cheese but said the brisket was the star of the show.  He was pleased that the brisket was mixed into the omlette not just folded over the ingredients.The omlette came with potatoes and a thick cut of toast perfectly toasted.  I mean where else can you get brunch severed with such a great beer selection?!
3	I cannot believe i have not reviewed Ri Ra's before!  This is a good after work spot for a few drinks and maybe a quick bite.  The bar is well stocked and has all the items you would expect from an Irish Pub.  They have a pretty good beer selection as well which is nice to see.  The food is pretty good but typical to what other irish places serve.  (Fish and chips, sheperd's pie etc).  The sheperd's pie is great though and i get it just about every time i come here.
3	I went to Ri Ra recently on a Friday night for a coworkers going away shindig.  I had a really good time.  I enjoyed the dark cave like old time bar aesthetic.  The had some diverse options on tap.  In the downstairs area there was some live acoustic guitar/singer.  Upstairs consisted of a DJ and lights - playing standard top hits.  There is a deck off the 2nd floor that was pretty popular the night I was there - a nice respite from the noise inside.
4	Went for an early dinner on New Year's Eve and the whole experience from door to table was exceptional as I would expect from Ri Ra.  Server seemed  just a bit disinterested but I can't blame her as afterall she was working New Year's Eve but she more than made up for it later in our meal.  We ordered a round of drinks and settled in to relax while looking at the menu.  Decided on the Guinness braised short ribs, one word:  DIVINE while husband choose the special of Pot Roast which they were out of and instead ordered a favorite standby of Sheperd's Pie.  After eating every bite and wondering if anyone would notice if we licked our plates (just kidding but seriously our meals were THAT good) we ordered dessert of Irish soda bread pudding which our server managed to score us the last serving of (told you she made up for her earlier seemingly disinterest) and shared its goodness over a coffee press.  What an excellent way to spend New Year's Eve and looking forward to our next return visit!
4	Oh.My.God. The place I go when I need a taste of home. Having said that, I have not been since the fire...but I expect the food to be the same. The Shepherds' Pie was outstanding, but could have been a better (read: larger) serving. The Lamb Stew was rated by my dining companion (read: ex husband!)  as the best he has ever had. I like the fish and chips, the bangers and mashed...but the service can be iffy. I think that the time of day/day of week is the determining factor here. Prime-time is the pits.I like the tshirts, too *g*.
4	GREAT beer list.EXCELLENT mojito's with fresh mint--even though it's an Irish pub you've got to try...Food is very good.Friendly wait staff--although they are quite slow.Live music and DJ's, great place to hang out with friends and  meet new people!
3	Overall a decent a irish experience. The landscape is a little confused and varies night to night. Sometimes it's a fratty hang out, sometimes and emo rocker feel, at times casual dining, and sometimes (be it rare) a dance party.the food is run of the mill. the drinks are solid.BUT I do love the balcony with a great  ant's eye view of the city. Look straight up and see the best buildings in Charlotte and a great night sky.
5	Decent late night menu if you're really...really in the mood for pub food.  The burger was not bad...stay away from the hot dogs.  Nice to place to go listen to live local talent
4	I always manage to go here when there is a decent cover band playing on the 2nd floor.  Usually my group of friends show up early enough (right when dinner is ending) and the bar transitions into night mode so we always miss a cover (if there is one)... The coziness of the upstairs makes for a great experience.One bad thing to mention was the staff... we were ordering drinks and it seemed like it was taking forever.  Yes, it was starting to get crowded, but it seemed like our server favored certain groups of people - maybe an assumption on my part, but it was based on attire and maybe how much tip she would anticipate getting from the group.... Later when we were all ready to go a close our tabs, we basically had to recite our drink orders to her since she didn't even bother to keep track for us.Outdoor deck upstairs is great in the summertime, but now that they banned smoking in the bars (hooray!) it turns the deck into a smokers haven at times.
3	Good dinner and lunch menu food.  I'd call it authentic Irish pub fare, but then again, I've yet to visit the Emerald Isle, so what the hell do I know?  Other food, namely from the little side sandwich area, is not so good.  The Ri Ra sandwich shop is convenient for most bankers who work uptown, but convenience is all it has going for it.  The sandwiches are overpriced, VERY slim on the stuffings (meat and cheese that is...they will give you all the shredded lettuce your little heart desires...yay).  And to top it off, their seemingly extensive chalkboard of sandwich fixings is paired down by about 50% on any given day, due to them being out of stuff.  Skip the sandwich shop and go to the upstairs balcony for lunch outdoors when it is nice.  You can get their sheperds pie (really good) for the price of one of their sandwich combos (really crappy).Ho-Hum bar experience...during peak times, can get annoyingly hard to get a drink/have a conversation/breath downstairs, but you are in Uptown.  What do you expect?  It's somewhat better than the offerings of the Epicenter, but not by much.
4	Ri Ra is a pretty good size Irish pub in the First Ward downtown Charlotte. I stopped in for a quick solo lunch and was surprised to see so many free tables. If Ri Ra was near my office in Chicago, it would be packed at lunch time. The hostess and server were both extremely nice. The hostess told me that all the wood and furnishings were brought over from Ireland when Ri Ra was built. It's a pretty big place, 2 floors, with a large bar and lots of tables. I was craving a burger but I had been told that I should have brisket while in Charlotte. Since I always do what I'm told, I went with the Wiltshire Patty, a delicious brisket sandwich. The brisket was very good, but the sweet potato tater tots were even better. Sweet potato tater tots. I'm now on a mission to find some of these in Chicago. Friendly service and sweet potato tater tots, what more can you ask for?
4	Hoegaarden on tapWhen you're in an Uptown moodRi Ra is the bomb
4	Went here during speed street for a drink with some friends so it was likely not a typical night, but we had a great time. The ambiance upstairs was great though the cover band was loud so we chose to sit outside. The balcony had a decent view and  it was a bit smoky but not too unbearable (and I'm the kind of guy who doesn't usually mind it).Everyone I saw seemed to be having a good time, which is always a great sign, and if I lived in Charlotte I'm pretty certain I'd be here regularly.
4	Not cool enough to hang out at the pub, but grabbed a sandwich from the shop extension they got during lunch.  Abnormally high 4 stars from me, but today at lunch it was just amazing.  The weather was right, I was in a good mood and hungry.Got wheat roll, dijon mustard, salami, swiss, some vegetables and banana peppers.  All tasted great and it was unfair because I got my favorite meat and cheese with perfect other stuff in sandwich.  Little pricey came to a little over seven bones, but whatevs.Looking forward to washing my car, pumping some jams in the ride, getting a fresh haircut post-gym/tan/laundry. Maybe then I'll be cool enough for the pub.dmo out
3	Moderate beer choices and decent food. Even though this is a very cookie-cutter Irish pub, not a bad place to kick start your happy hour.
5	food--- great    booze----great   service-- great  if you do not like this place , see a therapist.
4	Usually love this place. Good food, good specials, pretty good service.
3	Was Disaponinted with the amount of time it took me to get service at the bar !! Staff was friendly and the decar was nice.
4	Our group was in Charlotte for a conference and came upon this bar. The first night, we drank our weight and had a great time. The atmosphere was typical for an Irish bar, and we found the staff friendly and amazingly quick for as busy as it was. Two nights later, we came back for dinner. The right of us all loved our meals. The shepard pie was especially good and the sweet potato tater tots with a side of Guinness bbq sauce was a hit with entire table. We will most likely be back here again this week.
5	The following things make Ri Ra amazing, no arguments. Period. End of discussion.1. McSorley's Dark, not only on draft but served in half pints as God intended.2. Colman's mustard available on request. She brought malt vinegar for my fries, sorry "chips", without me having to ask. Together they are the end all, be all of chip eating.3. Super tasty and generous food. I loved the beer battered fish and chips and the pork chop with broccolini and potato cake looked (and I'm told was) great.4. Cragganmore single malt. Yes, it is pricey. A single will run you $12 but it is my favorite scotch, so I say it gets a number.5. Friendly and jovial staff. We made an open table reservation on a Friday night and though they called to say they couldn't necessarily honor the exact time, when we showed up they had our table waiting despite walk in customers waiting to be seated.6. Did I say McSorely's and Colman's w/malt vinegar? Because if I did why are we still talking?Ri Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in. Go check it out. It might just save your impression of Uptown.
4	My friend had Sheppard's Pie and I had a great Burger with Onion Rings, Red Onion, Ri Ra BBQ Sauce and I threw away the bun fo fun and I'm on a diet, so I say.  First we had Potato Cakes and wow they were good.This is a fun place!  It  exudes Charm and though I would not call it Romantic I do not know why I would not!  We were here last week and wanted to stay, though wound up at Vapiano, so all week I kept thinking when are we going back to Ri Ra, I only took a week.  Few places have such charm that I believe influence my enjoyment of the food.  Ri Ra seems to be one of those places!   Our server, a girl who lived in California was great!  They were staring to play trivia as we were finishing.  We were glad to be finishing! More on food:  I always enjoy a few bites of a good Shepard's Pie though I would never want more than a few bites!  This one is the best I've tasted 4.0 yelp stars.  My burger  mmmmm 4.1 stars. Ri Ra BBQ Sauce 4.9 stars, Fries (someone loved them) 3.2 stars.  The Bread was a dark, thick, hearty, fresh wonder (looked like Chocolate Cake) 3.89 stars.  Onion Rings 3.2 stars.  Potato Cakes are hard to rate, I've had them in Brit Pubs, Irish Pubs and German Restaurants, these were very good, maybe 4.85 stars or better and they were served with sour cream and balsamic.  Nice Touch!For dessert we had the very disappointing Special Irish or Baileys Chocolate Mousse and the slightly better Flour less Chocolate cake.  I'll rate the Cake 2.89 yelp stars, I had two bites and though neither of us liked it that much and my friend doesn't even like Chocolate someone cleaned the plate.  This Dessert was after the meal!I would go back and get the Leak Soup, though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!
2	I was fairly unimpressed with my food at Ri Ra... I ordered the lamb burger, which consisted of an under seasoned, overly large portion of ground lamb with a bit of feta on a bun.Ri Ra redeems itself a bit with a nice pub atmosphere. Although... a more unique selection of Irish brews would be a nice improvement.
3	This used to be one of my favorite haunts back in the days when I worked in the Bank of America tower.  My co-workers and I would often come over after a tough day for a couple of pints to unwind before heading home.  I still like the bar and the atmosphere but I am not a big fan of the food.    However, if you happen to be in the neighborhood, this is a great spot to drop in for beverages. This place can get packed, but even when it is full, I still enjoy the energy of the place.  The service can be hit-or-miss depending on busy they are.
4	This review is geared specifically towards their lunch time fare.  I was looking for a new place to put into rotation and dropped in here a few weeks back.  I was pleasantly surprised to find it much to the liking of a Subway but refined and truly fresher ingredients.  The service was ok, not really over excited to serve but I imagine that's because this place gets really packed so they stick to the business at hand.  I got there around 11:30am and any later I would have been in line with about 20 other people.  This place gets packed!  Of course a couple other good things about this location is that if the weather is good there isn't a much better patio for eating then right there outside, out front of Hearst Tower.  Also they have a loyalty card which is always a good thing!
4	Just stopped in for a quick pint and the selection of beer and whiskey are great and the bartender was friendly.  Kinda confused how a Irish pub does not offer Scotch Eggs though.
5	This place NEVER disappoints.  I took my girlfriend there this past Saturday evening for dinner (10/22/11).  I had my normal Guiness stew and she had the steak pie.  I had never seen the steak pie on their menu but it was amazing!  Services was great as always and we had a wonderful meal.  Ri Ra is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and if you like pub food this place is the absolute best!
2	Ri Ra is one of the coolest bars in Charlotte from a decor/ambiance perspective. After work it's loud and crowded and energetic - exactly as it should be. What I really wish is that the kitchen staff were able to produce quality food to go along with that ambiance. I ordered one of my favorite comfort food dishes - cottage pie. What I was served was: sparse ground beef, frozen mixed vegetables thrown in an overly salty sauce topped with processed whipped potatoes. I know they were frozen mixed vegetables because I really don't think corn is typically used in cottage pie... It's just not that hard to make cottage pie (or shepherd's pie with lamb) even in a restaurant environment. Stick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and move elsewhere for dinner.
5	If you don't already know this, Irish Pubs are known equally as well for their booze (ales, whiskey, and lager!) as they are for their "pub food." I award 5 stars to Ri Ra for exemplifying the latter quality in its lunch menu. Granted, the place only offers sandwiches (and salads too I guess) at noon, but they are absolutely, positively, worth the trip. Almost everdyday the lunch menu offers a "special," which tends to be the most succulent sandwich filler one could ever conjure up in their kitchen. They take a perfectly roasted pork loin, for example, and carve thick slices, which are then layered on top of a freshly baked roll. These rolls are never crunchy or stale; they don't cut the roof of your mouth when you bite in (ouch!), nor do they get soggy when adding condoments. I'm not quite sure how this phenomenon is achieved, but it's kudos-worthy. I hate when my tomato becomes part of the bread. BLEAGH. These rolls on the contrary, are so fresh and soft, they're practically falling apart, until glued in place by the panini grill. Unlike other delis/lunch spots, you should keep your sandwich simple, because the ingredients and toppings are so fresh and flavorful it would be a shame to spoil the fun. The special pork sandwich with mustard, cheese, lettuce, and tomato is mind-bogglingly good, and I have often heard that the turkey with cranberry being referred to as "Christmas in a bun." You decide.AND YOU GET A PICKLE!! I mean seriously, just when you thought life couldn't get any better, you get a pickle for the win. I'll definitely be filling out my loyalty card here (8 sandwiches, get one free). And you need to be beating the lunch rush, because once the special is out.... its OUT. Word has gotten out about the magic that happens at Ri Ra though, so don't get left behind :P5/5
4	Super friendly Irish pub that KNOWS how to pour a Guiness. The place was jumping when I got there. They have a good happy hour, though I didnt eat there they seemed to have a very extensive menu and the guy next to me was eating something like a shepards pie. All in all I would recommend this place.
4	Can't rate the food but we had an excellent time at Ri Ra!  Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night! Thanks to all!
4	I never had the food here, but this is usually our go to spot on weekends.  There is a mix of people and the downstairs and upstairs are like night and day on the weekends.  The downstairs usually has a DJ with people sitting around which is good for mingling.  The upstairs there is usually a live band playing.  There are a bunch of good beers and drinks.  If you get bored work your way to the dance floor to watch a bunch of drunk people who cannot dance worth a damn.  Its a site that needs to be seen.  Also, there is an outside patio upstairs where you can stare directly at other buildings.  This spot is both good for the young and the older.  Its a mix of casual meets semi dressy.
5	My girlfriend and I visited this restaurant after I had a school interview.  She said that it was a place that she came to with her friends whilst in high school and wanted to take me there for a relaxing lunch.  The interior decor consisted of a lot of dark wood characteristic of Irish pubs.  The fried pickle chips she recommended was one of the tastiest things I have ever eaten.  I've never had them until now, there was just the right amount of zest in them.  The pimento cheeseburger I had was also very good!
4	Went here for a pre-game meal, looking forward to seeing my beloved Chicago Bulls whip the Bobcats butts (which they did, by the way, with OUT D-Rose). I digress.....Anyway, I ordered their Fish and Chips, not necessarily a "safe bet" here in Charlotte, because most use fishy Cod. But thankfully, the fish here was HADDOCK! Which is a mild and yummy fish, much like Halibut. And Haddock is what the BEST Fish and Chips are made from, especially in England.Well, suffice it to say, these were the BEST Fish and Chips I had here in Charlotte! The batter was LIGHT, and not overly done which most tend to do. And it was very tasty too. Combine that with the quality of the fish, and the yummy Tartar Sauce, and it was a GREAT meal!My wife had the Guiness Beef Stew, which also was yummy. A little small for me (I'm a big guy), but perfect for her petite frame.They had a great premium/microbrew list. I had the Allagash Stout from Maine, and it was a 750ml bottle! Wow, and it cost $18.00 too. Not really bad, but my ONLY complaint that I did share with them was that they did NOT list any prices on their liquor list. I didn't realize that 1) the beer was 750ml and 2) it cost $18.00! You would figure that a Restaurant actually publish their prices (except for the really high end places which employ the snobby tactic of, "if you have to ask, you can't afford it" BS.)Overall, this was a great meal. I come here for lunch all the time as I work down the street in Uptown. And if you go here for lunch, try their burgers, which are great. One of the ONLY places here in Charlotte that actually know HOW to make CRISPY bacon! I HATE, repeat, HATE, soggy bacon!
4	My fish and chips were really pretty good. I got the regular size and the piece of fish I got was enormous. I can only imagine how huge an actual large would be.
5	The fish and chips are amazing. They even have a late night menu for the night owls!
3	Came here for lunch, however I do want to say that I went to the deli next to the Hearst tower. It was super busy though!Each sandwich is hand made to order and it was not bad. I got the smoked salmon BLT which was actually surprisingly not bad. The prices are a little off to me, but I guess you're in the city maybe that's how it goes. This place is an in and out restaurant. Call what you want what bread you want (and make sure to say roll instead of for example wheat which is sort of just like bread) and they'll make it and you'll be out in a couple of minutes depending on how long you wait in line.This place has pretty fresh ingredient and I would no doubt be coming here if I was working downtown. However, this place I give three stars for the wait time, the prices, and that overall it just wasn't amazing nor bad.
3	I was visiting Charlotte for business and came for lunch with my boss. The sandwich line was pretty long so we decided to go inside the restaurant to sit down and order. The hostess and server was great. We ordered and our food was brought out fairly quickly. It was a Monday and lunchtime but the place was not packed when we got there. A few more customers did trickle in while we were there but it wasn't crowded. My boss ordered a soup and sandwich combo and he said it was delicious. I ordered the Irish stew with a side of cesar salad. Both were delicious as well. I loved how the stew is made with lamb and it a nice cracked pepper taste to it. A co-worker of mine said that they have the best macaroni and cheese but I did not try it. I wanted to try the fish and chips may have to do this on my next business trip. There are way too many restaurants in the area that I have not tried yet and want to before I go home.
4	The sandwich bar is underrated in my opinion.  It's basically a make-your-own place where you pick the bread, spread, and tread (I don't know what else rhymes and goes on a sandwich).The key is to get there before noon so you can find a table in the shade outside.  Fantastic scenery to watch while you crush the fresh sandwich.  Another tip is to ask for the frequent flyer card.  Buy 8 combos (chips + drink) get a sandwich free!
5	Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)
1	OK, this current rating ONLY applies to the horrific braised short ribs that they unfortunately served me at dinner the other night! Usually, they have pretty solid food, and have a great beer selection. Went there with my work-mates in celebration of a major milestone, and our big boss picked up the tab (which is always nice)!We ordered a bunch of appetizers, lots of beer, and then the entrees. Mine was the last to come out, and when it did, I said, "where's the beef?" And I literally meant it. My braised short ribs were ALL BONES! Yes, all bones, with VERY LITTLE meat on them! And what little meat there was, was chewy. As a "foodie," I am shocked that their Chef would actually serve something like that. I mean, did he think I was an Irish Wolfhound who would gnaw on the bones???I had to come home to eat something as I was still hungry (not having any meat for this meat-a-tarian is brutal)! I sent their Management a message, but have not yet heard back. I seriously doubt I will hear anything from them, but I felt compelled to tell them that this meal was just AWFUL! Thank GOD for the good beers to drown out my disgust.Despite my anger at this, RiRa still has the BEST Fish and Chips in Charlotte, and again, a wonderful beer selection. Just know that this one star rating ONLY applies to the beef short ribs dish, and nothing else.
5	Great food and atmosphere!!! The Cottage Pie and Fish & Chips were excellent. The service was fantastic.  Will definately be back.
4	Awesome authentic Irish bar..very warm. And welcoming wait staff. I had the lamb stew and it was the most tender lamb I had in a long time . If I come to Charlotte again am back here.
3	Here is my quick 2 second review -Apps are great. Defiantly get the wings (mild and Jameson honey glaze) and the baked spinach dip.Dinner was just okay - I had the kilcooly. The turkey was a bit dry, there was not much cheddar cheese on the sandwich and the sourdough bread was not that hearty - it kind of tasted like wonder bread. I think if they fixed those couple of little things, it would be outstanding!Waitress was great! Very friendly and helpful. Went out of her way to make sure we were happy.Would possibly go back - but just for appetizers and drinks.
1	Been here twice; both times it was an awful experience. In both cases, the trouble started with the hostess, continued through poor/nonexistent service. On this occasion, there was a cover for the privilege of listening to a lousy cover band playing tired seventies tunes in a room with terrible acoustics--apparently without a soundboard--and putting down money on overpriced drinks, surrounded by frat boys, guidos, and gold diggers in addition to the aforementioned problems. I'd write a more entertaining review, but honestly it's not worth the effort.
3	I was at the sandwich bar and ordered the Italian.  The service was slow and couldn't care less especially the cashier.  The food itself was ok, but not the Italian you would get in NYC.  Charlotte's nice version though.  The line is long and slow though so expect to wait.  The bar part and the upstair dining is great for drinks and apps.  That is all folks.
3	Have been to Ri Ra many times. It is a must stop each and every time I am in Charlotte. Obviously, I am a fan of this place for its beer selection and lively ambiance especially during the early part of the week.The food can be "hit or miss". Last night, for example, the Fish & Chips was very disappointing. For $14, I expected better quality. The waitresses and bartenders are always friendly & first rate. I have held 2 company gatherings during various conventions without any problem.Since I am tough on reviews, I cannot give RiRa "4 stars" but 3 stars is not fair.....let's call it 3.50 stars!! Work on consistent food .... and I will give 5 stars.
4	Let's be specific... I'm a fan of Ri Ra because one of my favorite cover band plays here often... and it's a nice low key joint for the most part.  No I'm not a fan of the super crowded nights when crazy drunken young men can get into fights just because the other person took a breath.  Recently I went there with a group of friends on our little 5th Street bar crawl night.  And I have become a fan of their curry fries!  Something addictive about a box of HOT fries mixed with a sweet yet savory curry sauce.  I don't think it's because it's late night and we've been drinking... or that I didn't have dinner (though I'm sure it has something to do with it), but I think I licked the box! I'm not sure how curry fries are Irish, but I'm glad someone think that they are.
4	Went there in a Saturday afternoon, we were just in the area for a show, thought we tried this place out. I had their beef stew, which was to dead for!! Great atmosphere, too. Looking forward to go hand and see if it's also cool for a drink on a weekend night.
3	That being said, caesar salad wasnt anything to write home about. The fish and chips perfection. Crust was flaky as it should. Sweet potato tots are a delight. They give you a good cup portion. They do not need anything added to them. Unless you add salt to bring out even more of the sweet flavoring.  I would have actually preferred these over the luke warm fries that came with my meal. We had a genuine irish waiter who was in training and did a phenomenal job (and i am VERY big on service!!) My date loved his hamburger. Consider i was not offered a bite as i usually am it must have been delicious.The calamari was a bit over priced for the size. It was served with banana peppers a balsamic vinegar dribble, and a red sauce that reminded me of salsa but with a more tomato base and no spice. I have had better calamari at hole in the wall restaurants.
4	So the mother moved to Charlotte in May and I finally got the chance to visit.  I got in Thursday night and she took me to Ri Ra after work because I was super hungry.  It looks exactly like an Irish Pub that used to be in Elmhurst (IL), which was awesome.  I got a snake bite, because after flying, you need booze.  Mom ordered a shandy, and it was delicious.  I got the reuben, which was awesome, and not heavy or greasy.  Mom got the chopped salad which was also great.  We sat on the upstairs deck area and people watched.  It was pretty cool.  The weather was great as was our server.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more food, like the curry fries and fish n chips.  Granted, I probably won't be able to be back for a few months, but still, the food is great.
4	This Ri Ra is one of the better in the chain.  The furnishings are Victorian with splendid chandeliers and lots of dark woods. They have a great patio which does not catch the sun early in the morning, making it perfect for brunch on a warm summer day.Try the wings.  They have a slight tartness but are also smokey and a little chard.  On our last visit we had brunch- the sausage and egg boxty and Irish Benedict.  Both dishes were suburb, as was the service.  The previous evening, we hung with the upstairs bartender before a concert next door.  Great service there as wellThey host an Irish session on Sunday nights-  So happy to see an Irish themed pub making an effort by supporting local Irish musicians.
4	A Charlotte classic hang out :)
3	Have been here twice in downtown Charlotte. Very nice atmosphere to relax and enjoy the city. Food is half decent, beer and wine selection very good. Service was half decent, very courteous and prompt. Would recommend anyone in the area to try it out
4	I didn't know Ri Ra's was a multiple location place, I've eaten at the one in Portland, ME a ton of times and this place is awesome.Service and food qualiyt was great and a fun location to drink at!
5	I came here alone on a Tuesday night and had the Shepherd's pie and Harpoon special which was $4 a glass. The beer was good and food delicious. It was fairly cost effective for the area as well.
3	Cool Ipub in dtown. All the regular beers on draft. Decent bar food, large place
4	I LOVE the Ri Ra.  However, I hate the uptown (parking makes me anxious), so my visits, unfortunately, are too few and too far between.  In 2009 when I read that they had a fire and would be closing down for a bit for renovations, I am fairly certain a tear or two rolled down my cheek.  My arteries opened a lil bit, but I was mildly distraught.  Thank goodness they did the renovation and re-opened!Recently before an event at Blumenthal, my date and I schlepped it over to the Ri Ra.  After parking at the BoA deck, it was a short walk, and was only a few quick steps away from our final destination of Blumenthal/Belk to see a concert.Want to sit at the bar?  There are 2 beautiful dark wood bars to park your rump at to slurp down syrupy beers and shots.  High tables with stools?  Got those.  Tables that you can get up and down from without flashing your stuff if you have on a skirt?  Have those too.  2 floors of seating, all dark and lovely, give you plenty of room to pop a squat and enjoy some Irish/bar food at it's finest.  There is even a small terrace/patio upstairs for enjoying Carolina blue days when it is a little warmer out.My secret dream in life is to find a nice Irish boy to move to the green, green Irish countryside with to spend my days waiting for his liver to pickle/fail.  I LOVE corned beef and cabbage - it's a sickness really.  And while I love to make it, it stinks up the house, so it's always nice to be able to find this delicious dish where it stinks up someone else's kitchen.  The corned beef and cabbage at Ri Ra is delicious.  The corned beef is tender and not terribly stringy.  Well flavored.  the cabbage is... well... cabbage.  Cabbage-y.  Cabbage-ish.  Nothing fancy, just good.  The mashed potatoes that go with are creamy without being runny.  Hearty Irish fair for a green-eyed girl.  For an appetizer, we ordered the Spinach and Artichoke dip which is served with a portion of sliced baguette.  YUM!  Creamy, cheesy, good.  When it hits the table, resist the urge to dig in immediately, or you will be peeling the top layer of skin in your mouth off for the rest of the night.  HOT.  Molten hot.  I previously had the corned beef/cabbage/mashed potato egg rolls, but I didn't see those on the menu.  That was a bummer because they were off the hook good.I followed the dip with the corned beef and cabbage.  Happy tummy.We decided to split a dessert and got the peach pie.  That was not a winner.  I don't know where on the pie our slice was, but it was the part with no peaches in it.  I think I accidentally ate one, but I may be mistaken.  Normally I am too full to eat dessert anyway, so this isn't a deal breaker, but I won't be getting that again.On previous visits I have had the Reuben, which is stuffed with tender corned beef and served with a side. The colcannon side is tasty(mashed potatoes with cabbage mixed in).  The macaroni and cheese is creamy with a crumb topping.  So many things on the menu look delicious, but I almost always stick to my standard Spinach dip and then corned beef and cabbage.  Great bar/restaurant, awesome ambiance and great food!
4	We ate at Ri Ra on 12/12 and really enjoyed it. It's always a guessing game when you pick a restaurant in a strange city. Even with reviews to check out, you never know what you might get. Ri Ra had good solid reviews, however, and was within walking distance of our hotel, which was a deciding factor!It was fairly busy when we got there and there was a trivia round going, which was slightly annoying, since it echoed through the whole restaurant, but we were there early and once the game ended, it was much better.We were impressed with the selection of import and local beers. I stuck with Smithwick's but my partner was a little more adventurous and tried several local NC beers, all of which were good. We started with the hummus appeitzer, expecting the usual bowl of hummus and sliced pita. We were more than pleasantly surprised when what we got was the hummus, toasted pita, and a selection of roasted red peppers, olives, marinated artichokes, and cucumber and celery for dipping. The hummus itself was excellent, garlicky and spicy. I had the Irish curried chicken over rice and it was quite good. The curry was sweetish, but still had a nice bite to the finish. The chicken was all white meat and nicely tender, and the peppers and onions that were in the curry were delicious.My partner had the Guinness beef and veggie stew, which was also really good. There was lots of beef in the stew and the Guinness added a really different (and delicious) flavor. Once the trivia game was over, the atmosphere was great. Music was fun but not too loud for conversation. Our server was friendly and helpful. She made great food and drink suggestions, and even gave us info on places to check out during the rest of our trip. Ri Ra is definitely a solid 4* and we'll be back the next time we're in Charlotte.
3	First off, I've been here a few times and have enjoyed the bar scene here. I have eaten here twice and have found the food to be good, but not consistent. There are things on the menu I that are good and there are things that aren't. The Baked Goat Cheese ($10.95) - Okay this is yummy. But it's an appetizer...and it's $11. But it's goat cheese, but it's an appetizer.....but it's good, so get it anyway. This I enjoyed and would've ate it by the boat load.Publican's Reuben ($10.95) -('o'-) Oh my gosh look at that. My Reuben was the same price as my dang appetizer!  Haha. The Reuben was sadly not that great, the bread was soggy, and it was missing some more much needed sauerkraut. It just didn't have the tang or crunch I was looking for. The meat was a bit dry and bland as well.My friend had the Fish & Chips Regular portion ($13.95). He said they were good, but could've been crispier. I'm not sure if the batter was exactly his favorite.The first time I went to Ri Ra's with a group I had the Guinness BBQ Burger ($10.95) I liked this - yummy onion rings and Guinness BBQ sauce on top.So overall - okay food good vibes. I'd probably give it another shot, just keep me away from the Goat Cheese!
4	I went out for the evening with my cousin since the place that she had a Groupon for was completely slammed last night...  We hemmed, hawed and finally decided on Ri Ra... My experience was solid...  Our bartender Michael was an absolute delight... He was attentive and offered suggestions...  Since I already had dinner for the night, I wasn't very hungry, but I was interested in trying something... I decided on the potato and leek soup, which was incredibly creamy and delicious...  For drinks, I had the Jameson Rose (which was a vibrant pink... I don't know why that surprised me as much as it did, but it was pretty cool... lol) and a beer flight for $6.  The beer flight was Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's and a mixture of Harp and Guiness called the Half and Half... I thought it was a great value with some quality beers.  My cousin thoroughly enjoyed her nachos, but she sent back a cocktail... She apparently ordered a drink that no one ever asks for because Michael had to check the menu to remember how to make it... It didn't sound like it would taste great from the description and my cousin is ultra picky, so I don't fault him at all... lolOverall, I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra... I might have to start going out a bit more often...
3	We went to Ri-Ra's for lunch and then for dinner.  The appetizers and sandwiches are really good, but the entree we had was pricey and did not have much flavor.We did order some drinks, but there was little to no evidence that alcohol was actually included in our drinks....well played Ri-Ra's.With that said, I would still come back here for a sandwich and some apps.
5	I went with friends to a show at Belk Theatre and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We just happened in to Ri Ra not really knowing anything about it. I can't remember having a better meal! The service was excellent and the ambiance is more than you could ask for in a pub. We felt like we were dining alone in our booth as we couldn't even see other patrons. I would definitely eat here again and again!
4	Ri Ra is one of my favorite uptown bars to go to. It has a very earthy and relaxed atmosphere, often with Celtic playing in the air. The seats are comfortable and the old wood work is quite pleasing to the eye. Some of the bartender ladies have a slight Celtic accent, which can just make your heart melt.I have never eaten here, so I can't speak as the quality of the food. Though from the looks of it, they food is made rather well. What I can speak of is their excellent array of whiskeys. Several great aged scotches and bourbons to choose from and some great beers to partner with.Ri Ra is a great place to have a nice relaxing drink of whiskey and taken in a football (soccer) game.
4	always good food, and a great selection of beer that will satisfy
1	I understand everyplace has its rules. My friends had a pre-wedding party here. And at 10pm it becomes a " standing bar" only. But did your staff have to be rude to the parents who were still sitting down a little respect goes a long way. We will not be going back.
4	Good food, good service, good brew, and a very low-key place.  Had lunch with some friends and family recently and I would really recommend the chicken pot pie.  It was very tasty.  The Irish lamb stew was also pretty good, but the Rueben sandwich was just average.  After a couple of pints of Guinness everything was alright with the world.  We would all go back because it was our kind of casual place.
4	I came here for "brunch" before having to board a flight home. I got the Holy Grail Ale and the Breakfast Burger. The ale was tasty and the burger was quite good.  Though I would warn anyone that if you're going to go for this burger make sure your stomach is empty, skip breakfast, go in starving.  This burger is the biggest thing I have ever eaten in one sitting! But, oh my, it was tasty. The kind of clog your arteries good. I don't think I needed to eat again that day. The only complaint I had was that the service was a little slow for me given I had a flight to catch and mentioned it to my server.
5	I visited here last year and had the time of my life. Talked to one of the best waitresses in the world, Mairead. She's from Cork, as is my father's grandfather. (Yes, I was wearing a red shirt for Cork!)If you have any appreciation for the Irish and our wonderful food, you owe it to yourself to visit.
2	Apparently, reservations are not valued here.  We had a reservation for 7 and were told it would be a 20 min. wait.  Walked over to Harvest Moon Grille and had lunch instead.  Wish I could have reviewed the food...
1	The large employee guy with blonde hair was belligerent and trying to start fights with several us last night. He needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made.
2	I have always heard good things about Ri Ra's but my experience was nothing spectacular.  Ri Ra's is a decently sized (2 medium sized rooms) Irish bar is downtown Charlotte next door to Prohibition.  My group stopped in Ri Ra's to meet up with a few others and I was not impressed.  After paying one of the most unjustified $5 covers of my life, I walked in and felt like I had just stepped in to an Ivy League frat party.  Suits, sport coats, and even tuxedos everywhere but this bar was nothing to dress up for.  The general vibe in this place was very uppity and i had several unpleasant interactions with people.  A DJ (who was actually pretty good) was playing blaring house music.  I normally would have really enjoyed the music but the crowd at Ri Ra's on this night couldn't have cared less about the music.  Dancing almost seemed frowned upon based upon what I saw.  Not saying that a few bad eggs are representative of the entire bar but on this particular night, Ri Ra's did not live up to expectations.
3	I've been here a few times and I always have a pretty good experience. It has a decent siize bar with many options of beer on tap. I've gotten Shepherd's Pie and it was pretty good. I'll stop in again for a couple of beers, why not?
1	Went for lunch with a group of girls from work. Waitress was completely overwhelmed. She had too many tables and I didn't see a manager out helping her once. We ordered our food at 12:15 and asked where our food was 12:45. Didn't get our food until after 1. I had a meeting and told the waitress to nix my order. She came out with orders and dropped the tray as she was handing out food. 2 people didn't get their food and the other 4 had to get to go boxes. Food isn't good either. Changes need to be made. I have never had a good experience here.
2	Came here with a friend for lunch and sat on the roof top deck. Aces for that! We started with the fried pickle. Love FP, but these were a poor representation of them. Greasy and the batter was peeling off. I had the brisket with sweet potato, oh! That's right. I didn't get what I ordered. I over cooked greasy fries like everyone else. The brisket was very good thought. It had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it. The meat was a bit over cooked. It was a beautiful day to hand with friends on the sunny deck!
3	During my one visit (before a big rock concert), Ri Ra'swas crowded and loud while we were there.  They were doing trivia in the back of the place, which was fine, but a little distracting if you weren't involved in the game.  Also, we put our name on a wait list and were never called . . . ever.  Ending up eating at the bar.  Speaking of the bar - the drinks were pretty weak.  I literally wondered if I was drinking watered down bourbon because I didn't taste a tone of ginger OR bourbon in my bourbon and ginger.  The highlight was the food, at least mine.  I got the brisket sandwich and fries.  The brisket was very tender and everything had good flavor.  I asked for a side of the curry sauce and I do not kid or exaggerate to say it is out of this world good.  If they had sold it in to go containers, I would have bought some to take home.  My friends both got the Reuben and described it as somewhat chewy.  I don't think I've ever had a "chewy" Reuben, so that wasn't very promising.  So, in any case, "a-ok".  I'd go back and give it a second shot when in Charlotte.
5	It really doesn't matter if you are coming to eat, happy hour, meet up before going out or hitting this place late night Ri Ra is a great spot in Charlotte. Right down town and close to night life and the professional sector. I eat here often and I have yet to have a bad experience. Brunch here is amazing, as well as lunch and dinner. The bar tenders are really attentive and the drinks are well priced. Go here and you won't regret it!
4	Ri Ra's is a good ol' fashioned Irish Pub. The most noticeable difference between it and a pub in Ireland is that it is a lot bigger than a pub in Ireland, though it's still a lot smaller than your average restaurant.The food and atmosphere are amazing. They have the best shepherd's pie I've ever had, bar none. Their soda bread, while not traditional, is very good and is a perfect compliment to their OUTSTANDING potato and leek soup. It's the perfect thing to warm your insides on a blustery evening. The burgers are just okay. The decor is great, with the heavy wooden tables and stone fireplaces, it feels like a real, rustic pub.  The prices are a few dollars more than I think is fair, thus the 4-star rating. Be sure to join their rewards club so you can get discounts and gift cards to make it more affordable.Oh, and they have live music later in the evening on weekdays.
4	I went to RiRa for dinner on a Saturday night and it was surprisingly good. My husband and I sat at the long bar, while a fire roared behind us and the NFL playoffs were shown on the one television.  I rarely order burgers but was enticed by the Guinness BBQ Burger, figuring that it would be impossible not to pair well with my frothy pint of Guinness. I don't usually order burgers since they rarely meet my high expectations of a well seasoned, juicy, not-too-big-but-not-too-small beef patty, but RiRa delivered on all counts. I scarfed the burger, leaving little room for the good, but not great fries. My husband was very happy with his burger, which was some sort of super-spicy special and apparently left his mouth satisfyingly aflame. We'll be back!
1	Stopped in after the theater for a pint, but could not get served. We sat down at one of the tables ( more or less stood by it because it needed cleaning) & waited for a server. One did walk by our table to grab the tip from the table behind us, then walked back by our table, but we were invisible. I then asked the bartender if we needed to place our order with her & take it back to the table, but she said servers were on the floor & they would take our order. So, we again waited & never did see a server. We gave up & went elsewhere for our nightcap.
5	Granted time is of the essence, but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!  Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party, with the Discovery Place parking deck just blocks away RiRa is very accessible for those not living Uptown.
5	Yea, I love a REAL Irish pub...The folks are great the food is authentic. My favorite is the Shepard pie. So here is a hint, If the Shepard pie is made with m Ground beef it is NOT Shepard pie.( its really Cottage pie) The good stuff is made with ground lamb.The burgers I had were great and they actually cook them to the temp that you like. I usually order a meduim rare burger... IT WAS!!! So it was Monday night and St Patties day to top it off. The crew remembered me from my day time lunch roamings. It was nice to have a Guiness or two, three,four...... I order a meal (don't remember what it was) but is was good and a great time.
3	Wow... I am so surprised that this place has been around as long as it has! This used to be one of my regular hang-out spots when I worked in Bank of America's flagship tower around 16 or 17 years ago. Back in those days, this was "the place" to go after work on weekends (and truth be told, many times during the week too, LOL!) So, recently I was roaming around the area with Tim (who used to frequent Ri-Ra with me many years ago) so we decided to stop in and have a couple of beers and some appetizers for old time's sake.   Man, this place has not changed since we were last here! They even still have bartenders straight from Ireland working the bar, how cool is that?  LOL! So, the only thing not cool on this visit was the fact that they had the patio closed.  They told us they only open it at certain hours at night... that bummed me out because I really wanted to enjoy my old usual drink (Harp's Lager) outdoors in the sunlight during this visit. Oh well... we still enjoyed the visit. Even though there are tons of newer spots in the area, I'd probably stop in here again just for old time's sake. And if you have never been, its worth checking out!
4	Stopped in on whim for Happy Hour.  Had delicious fish tacos.  All small plates were half off for Happy Hour making this place a steal for good food.  Will definitely be returning!
1	I love Irish Pubs and pub food, but the food at Ri Ra was bland and without taste. I ordered the Goat Cheese Fritters as a starter, and the Corned Beef and Cabbage as my main dish. The fritters were nothing more than goat cheese balls rolled in some sort of dry breadcrumb-like coating and then deep-fried, and topped with caramelized sweet onions. There was absolutely no seasoning on them and they had zero taste. Corned Beef and Cabbage is an Irish Pub staple, but Ri Ra has absolutely no clue how to prepare it. The corned beef was bland and somewhat tough, and despite the fact that they put some sort of cream sauce on it, it still had no flavor. The cabbage was both undercooked and without any hint of seasoning. Even adding salt and pepper did not help it. I did not eat the mashed potatoes that came with the dish, so I can't comment on them. Ri Ra is a fairly nice looking place with a decent selection of beers on tap, and if you just go there for drinks, you should be fine. However, there are many places where you will get a much better meal, and I would definitely avoid the food at Ri Ra.
5	Really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very reasonable price for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine.  Worth checking out!
5	Fantastic pub atmosphere both indoor and on their rooftop area.  Great place to have a pint, share good times with friends, and enjoy the great food.  Menu prices are just a little steep but worth the price as you relish the Irish cuisine with a Guinness!
3	I've been here a few times at this point and it's always fairly good. The food is decent but nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is a good one. I haven't hung out here but from what I understand it's good for the bar experience. I usually go here to dine though as it's convenient to the Belk Theatre. This last visit I had steak tips and potatoes and honestly it wasn't great. The meat had a funny taste to it and the potatoes had no taste to them and some of them had gone bad I think. My grandmother had the fish and chips and she said it was decent. So for what it's worth that was our last experience. I've kind of combined all my trips into this one rating so 3 stars is about all I'd give it.
5	This place is great. Good servers.  Takiyyah is the best. Ask for her.  Great food and a great place to bring a large group.
5	Such a cozy pub! We came here as a large group on a Saturday night to celebrate my sister's graduation. The service was very accommodating and quick! Our waitress was actually from Dublin :)They have a fairly large beer list, a lot of which are on tap. For dinner, I had the Irish breakfast, and it was one of the best I've ever had. The rashers were actual Irish rashers, not the greasy strips of regular bacon you get at a lot of other places. It was a ton of food and for a really great price!We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. It was super creamy and cheesy- I'd definitely recommend it!
4	Great location. Food is okay, service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!
4	Good Irish comfort food eats, friendly waiters, relaxed environment. A Charlotte favorite for me.
5	One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend
1	I just went through the line at the sandwich shop in the courtyard of the Hearst Tower.  The sandwich/ salad makers were polite and fast, and the price was reasonable for downtown.  The salad looks like it could be good, but there is no way for me to know because they were out of utensils.   How can a place that makes salads to go be out of utensils?  And the worst part is that you don't know it until you already through the line and have paid.  They should let people know before they pay.  The guy at the register made no apology or attempt to find some way to provide something to eat with.  Now sitting at my desk with a salad that I can't eat, gotta give it one star for the poor service.
3	I had the Cuban chicken sandwich, which was really good. The bread was done just like a Cuban sandwich down in Miami. The sweet potato fries were OK, the dipping sauce was good.
3	Fun place! Good food and drinks. Live band upstairs on the weekends. However the bartender lost my credit card when I went to close it out only to call me the next day to say they found it. Too bad I had already closed my account. Maybe they should get a better system like swiping when you order vs. holding it?
1	This happened a while ago (several months), but it still haunts me today.I ordered a portabello mushroom burger (I know, not really Irish, but don't judge). When my burger came out, it was not a portabello mushroom patty, but instead, a pile of sliced mushrooms on the bun. I asked the server, why it was not a portabello patty, and the server told me it was because they had run out of portabello patties, and this was what they were using instead. Interesting. I told him I didn't want this, and wanted something else. He obliged, took my plate of sliced mushrooms, and went to place my new order. I called the manager over, to let them know the situation. When I explained my side of the story, he rebutted with something "Well the server told you we were out of portabello mushroom patties, and said you agreed to sliced mushrooms". WHAT?! I told him, no, that was incorrect, and that I was unware of them being out of portabello patties until I was brought a plate of sliced mushrooms on a bun; my wife agreed. The manager stood by his server. I firmly told him again, that I did not know/agree to having a sliced mushroom sandwich, and that the server conveyed no such message of running out of portabellow patties. I asked him how he could rectify the situation - free meal or something? No he would not, because I was aware of the situation (but I wasn't!), although he did comp me the original portabello mushroom burger...gee thanks.Now I'm not the type of guy who tries to find fault at every little thing to get a free meal. But come on. I would assume, after having worked in the restaurant industry for several years, that the manager, regardless of how much/little he believed the customer (me) would side w/ me, or at least try to rectify the sitatuion for future business. But no, instead, he stuck w/ his server, made an unhappy customer, and now I will not visit there on my own volition (my wife enjoys the place, so I will go back w/ her, only urging).
4	We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte. The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast. Our beers were never empty before we had a refill. Great place!
2	(Only commenting on Ri Ra as a bar as I have not tried the food) Get some more staff! This place is terribly understaffed, on a Friday night there should not be only 2 bartenders for a packed bar. Easily takes 10 min to get a drink. I like the space and the patio but it means nothing if I can't get a drink.
5	Came here for some drinks after a rehearsal dinner. I can't speak about the food but the bartender and service was great. I expected a Friday night in downtown Charlotte to be busy and hard to get drinks but it wasn't that hard. Yes, it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it. They seemed to get to each person quickly and made the drinks quickly. I was very impressed. The drink prices seems on par for what you would expect  as well. I liked it and the atmosphere of the bar.
5	Just had an Angus beef blue cheese burger with onions mushrooms and cheese that was out of this world.
3	Good Irish breakfast.  Even though this is chain, there are staff from Erin who are happy to serve you.  The Guinness is good and the craic is better when with friends.  Only complaint is that I think they deep fry the white and black pudding which is a no-no...
5	Was visiting from Chicago and this place rivals any of the best Irish pubs out there. The ambiance is great, with the traditional wood paneling everywhere. Plenty of tvs for us to watch the games. We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious. My coffee came in it's own French press (which I will now buy for myself) and the breakfast sandwich had bangers, ham, cheese, bacon and egg on a toasted brioche bun. I made everyone at the table try it! If I ever happen to be in Charlotte again, I won't move from that bar. Haha better than epicenter!
2	This review is of their Ri Ra Sandwhich shop around the corner since there is no separate listing for this shop. Stopped here because I've never been before, so I ordered the old faithful Reuben. Pretty hard to screw up, right? Well they managed to serve me a sandwhich that was barely eatable as the corned beef in it was like leather....very hard and chewy. The sandwhich was small. For $9 I'd expect a LOT more. The Rose Sauce wasn't as flavorful as I would expect. Not a very good sandwhich.Service was iffy at best. The young lady behind the counter was very nice and personable, but the other two seemed like they didn't want to be there...aloof is the appropriate term.The ONLY saving grace were the Keogh's Dubliner Irish Cheese and Onion Potato Crisps imported from Ireland. If this place is going to rely on packaged potato chips to save them they won't be in business long.So a SMALL sandwhich, chips and a 20oz bottle of diet coke set me back $14 with tip. That is a LOT for a LESS than adequate sandwhich. I will not be coming back.NOT recommended!
2	Just average unfortunately.  The good:  My drink...dark and stormy is going to be my new standby.  The mediocre:  Everything else.Burger was just so so as were the fries.  The burger was the 704...I honestly can't remember if It even came w/ the pickle chips.  The really really low point of the meal was the desert. The bread pudding was ice cold and hard as a rock. It did come smothered with a caramel sauce, but that couldn't save it.  When asked how our food was I was honest and could tell the waiter was taken aback. I mean seriously, don't ask me if you don't wanna know.  I was polite about it, but said that the dessert was just average.  And questioned why it was cold.  Bread pudding is always warm no?  He also got docked a few points for twice trying to take my plate while I still had more then half of my food left.  He actually removed my girlfriend's drink while she was still working on it!  It was nice to have a late night eating option in uptown, but unless someone else wants to go I won't be back.
1	Lights too low, music too loud, not many people inside, drinks too expensive. Plus it costs 5$ just to get in. Def not worth it. Try some where else!
2	Went here for a corporate dinner. Had the finger sandwiches (chicken, pulled pork, and something else), chips and spinach dip, lobster cakes, and potato cakes. Only tried the pulled pork, which was good, but others said the chicken sandwich disappointed. Lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo.Spinach dip the only saving grace. Oh, and their lemon bar dessert.
