5	Excellent fast and courteous service, tech was very thorough and knew his business, was able to take our "emergency" (it's too damn hot) right away cannot thank him enough, I recommend this company extensively!Thanks for such good service.Hugo in North Las Vegas
5	Talked to the owner, Dave, when our AC went out.  He offered to come out, diagnose the problem, and "go from there" for the price of gas for him.  Dave came out, explained and showed me the problem (fan and capacitor were going out), and gave me a great price.  Even threw in a preventative maintenance on the unit.  I wish all repair places were as up front and honest as Dave and Legacy Air.  All the work was performed within a time frame of 3 hours from the initial call to getting the AC turned back on.If you need your AC fixed fast and at an honest price, look no further!  Give these guys a call!
5	Wow! Talk about a great business.  I original called and talked to Dave and Greg got back to me within an hour with a replacement bid.  Dave agreed to go look at the unit on Sunday over Memorial Day weekend to ensure the ac unit needed to be replaced.  Greg diagnosed the issue within 20 mins.  I had another ac company call me after diagnosing the problem and the indicated the ac unit was fried! $3800 to replace a 5 ton unit.  Greg found the problem replaced the fan motor and ensured the unit was running at top notch efficiency, and reset the programmable thermostat.  Greg did all of this while the home owner was on the east coast! Crazy great!  Trust and honesty is top of the line for this company!  Could not be happier and would call them again with any problems!
5	This company is amazing! Reliable and dependable honest guys.  Our AC went out late last night and they were here first thing fixing it for us this morning. Greg was so fast and thorough, and was done within a half hour after addressing the problem. If you want a reliable company go with these guys, small business owners are the way to go!!
5	The air went out in my parents house on Tuesday night and they came out that night and looked at it and advised us what we needed to do and then came back out next morning and worked on it all day as they found what was going on..  They also advised we need to get our duct work done or else we will keep having the same problem.  We are waiting for a bid and then will get work done as this is a honest, affordable and friendly company.
5	Awesome! You don't appreciate AC in the summer till you don't have it. I called EVERYONE on Yelp! and every "24/7" place couldn't have a tech come out till tomorrow. Called Dave and he picked up and said he would come out tonight. He was at my place, fixed the issue and was out within an hour and a half. Same day service and he literally had to drive from one side of town to the other. He was polite, knew exactly what the problem was and got my AC up and running again.  He even told me what it would cost before he did any repair. Very up front and honest. Highly recommended and I definitely will recommend Legacy Air to anyone I know who needs AC repair or service.Don't waste your time with the other guys out there!
5	Thank you, Dave!! My upstairs a/c unit quit working. He came out, diagnosed the problem, offered me an extremely fair price to fix it and got cool air running in an hour and a half.  He took the time to answer all my questions, checked my other unit and left the area clean. There was no service call fee, just honest answers and work done professionally. I will definitely recommend them to anyone needing service!
5	Our AC stopped working late in the afternoon yesterday. With record high temperatures I feared the worse. Not wanting to get charged an emergency call fee I filled out the email form online and waited. I received a call this morning and they said that they would be over within 40 minutes. As promised their van pulled up about 30 minutes later. The repair was completed in a fast, courteous and professional manner. We were told that we could have called last night. They are available 24/7. He said it would have been no problem. I felt that he really did mean what he said. We now know for next time. Thank you to my fellow Yelp reviewers. Your comments helped me make the decision to contact Legacy Air.
5	Believe the reviews!  I called early in the morning on a day scheduled to be 113 degrees, when everyone's air was going out. Not only did they get here earlier than they estimated, he determined the problem was the thermostat and not the ac, fixed it and the cost was minimal and he was on his way within an hour. He was polite, knowledgable and all-around great service. Extremely happy to have found this company!
5	Thanks to yelp I found Legacy and I couldn't be happier. Not only did they answer the phone on a holiday, Dave was at my house in less than an hour. On top of that, he had my AC running in under 30 minutes and for less than $200. No up-selling, no hassle, just fixed my system and that was that. Highly recommended.
5	They are fantastic!I work out of CA, for a Property Management company, but these guys really helped out! I was in a real bind! We've worked with several AC guys out there in Vegas but it all came down to "OK" service and a hassle to asked them to service the units they already serviced a few month ago. Ended  up spending my whole morning trying to contact dozens of other places, all were busy due to the high volume of calls. But when I called Legacy, not only was the receptionist very courteous, she was very grateful for our business! (The attitude on the other ones...)  And she was able to send out someone the same day! Lifesavers they are!! This was Tuesday around 10am and Greg was out there before 2pm, exactly what she told me.  We will continue doing business with them, they are very good at keeping their word and they accommodate request very well. Thank you Legacy!
5	I just had Dave come to my place after 6pm. Wow talk about fast response! He was kind and very open to discussing what he is doing. These guys know what they are doing and they do it fast! I highly recommend them to everyone! :D
5	After my air went out on Thursday evening, I sent an email requesting an appointment the next morning.  Same evening I received an email response as well as a call.  Long story short, my air conditioner was not repairable.  Legacy installed a new unit within hours.  Outstanding professionals and service.
5	My parents A/C went out in July and we started calling businesses who could not make it out same day to assess. When we called Legacy, they were efficient, super communicative, professional, and over to the house by the evening. Dave (the owner)  came over and assessed the issue and fixed the problem within two hours. We were super thankful and relieved. Highly recommending to friends, neighbors, and all in the Las Vegas area.
5	Saturday night I came home to a hot upstairs -- although the downstairs AC unit was working, the upstairs unit was blowing hot air.   I left voice mail or email messages that evening with three services.  The next morning, one said they couldn't be out until Tuesday afternoon; another didn't respond at all; Legacy responded that they could be out that evening between 3 and 7.  They gave me the tech's name and, in fact, Greg called at 2:30 to tell me he was on the way.  He was polite and went straight to work.  Within about twenty minutes the problem was fixed.  The receipt included a complete description of the problem and the work performed.  I couldn't ask for more on a hot Sunday afternoon. I will definitely use them again (but I will hope that it won't be the AC going out in July again).
5	I couldn't say anything but good words for this company.When my AC broke, my husband contacted 2 other companies to take a look at it and they all try to charge us too much. I got tired of waiting for the AC to get fixed in this hot weather so I YELPed!Thanks for fellow yelpers that saved me alot of money and now my AC is fixed!Here are some good points for Dave and Legacy Air.1. He gave us his honest opinion on what was the problem and gave us a fair price on replacing the compressor. He beat the other companies almost by 50%!!!!2. He is punctual and even came out to check the AC even after office hours! Not like other companies who gave me a time frame of "tonight" or "tomorrow"3. He is also very respectful.
5	Totally awesome Air-condition repair service!! They came out... quickly diagnosed the issue and even took the time to show me what part needed to be removed, tested, and replaced. Excellent service from Dave. Will be contacting Legacy for all future A/C & Heating Service.
5	Awesome job by Dave. I thought it was the compacitor, but he showed me it was the fan motor not working. Very straight up guy. He even showed up early! Would recommend him to anyone. I'll always go to legacy air.
5	I'm beyond impressed, by how quick, friendly, honest and sincere Legacy Air was, when they came out this morning to fix my AC.  I'm In agreement with every other review in here when I say Dave and Greg are on point. Thank you for your integrity and quickness. Definitely using legacy if anything else goes wrong, and I gave there info to all of our family as well.
5	Thank you Dave for fixing my Air Conditioner! I don't think you were here more than 30 minutes. Fast and friendly service. I highly recommend Legacy Air.
5	Checked reviews of companys on Yelp and could only find 1 with 100% customer satisfaction is why we chose Legacy Air!Called on a Sunday evening and they scheduled for Monday around MY Schedule! 30 minute call ahead and was greeted by Greg.  Both A/C units on my house went down the same day. Greg tested the 1st one and added freon, 2nd was a capacitor.  Changed it and no other repairs were needed! Great honest pricing & service! For honesty & integrity for furance & A/C work,  I would highly recommend them!
5	Totally satisfied.  Greg was friendly and honest, everything I could ask for.  Thanks.
5	After having a nightmare company come to our home this afternoon and solve absolutely nothing, I turned to Yelp to see if I could find a company with  excellent customer service and most importantly could get our AC running after having ben without air for 2 days. I knew my Yelpers wouldn't let me down :) I called at 7:30 PM on a FRIDAY night and the phone was promptly answered by a very friendly girl named Amanda. I told her how upset I was with this other company and asked if there was any chance someone could come out tonight. She told me she would call me right back. A few minutes later she did just that and informed me that their tech Dave would be right over. He arrived 18 minutes after hanging up with her (yes I watched the clock lol). How awesome is that on a weekend!?!?!? When Dave arrived he promptly got to work. I showed him the invoice from the other company so he could see what they did earlier that day. It wasn't long before he found the problem which was something that the other company didn't even bother checking when they were here!! I am so happy that I found this company on Yelp and will happily recommend them to fellow Yelpers and my friends/family. By far an excellent customer service experience! We will also definitely use again if needed! They go above and beyond. Their prices are reasonable. I know I'm not their only customer but they sure made me feel like it and that's hard to find in Las Vegas anymore.  I can finally go upstairs and sleep in my bed tonight. Thanks again Legacy Air!
5	By far the best HVAC company in Las Vegas. I am a local property manager and have worked with numerous vendors - from HVAC technicians to plumbers to electricians. Legacy Air is my favorite vendor to work with - and the best A/C repair company in town. Needed repairs are diagnosed correctly, repairs are done efficiently and invoices are timely. Amanda is a pleasure to work with on the phone & Dave is always very professional and courteous to my tenants. The same day service is amazing - especially when an a/c unit goes out at a rental property and it's over 100 degrees outside. Needless to say Legacy Air has made a huge impression on me and I am so thankful to have them in my vendor book.I would highly recommend Legacy Air as an honest, fairly priced HVAC vendor.Heidi Rice,Permitted Property ManagerRice Real Estate & Property Management
5	I had another company out at my home for 2 days to attempt to fix my A/C and they were unable to figure out the problem. Based on the high reviews on yelp I gave Legacy Air a call and Dave came out the very same morning. He had my A/C fixed within 30 minutes and the service fee was incredibly fair. Can't recommend Legacy enough, far and away the best A/C company I've ever dealt with.
5	Five star service at a 2 star price.  I can not recommend Legacy enough.  Thanks Dave!
5	Amanda who answers the phone is very sweet and Dave the owner is a super nice guy.  This is a family run operation and they will get the job done at an honest price.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for heating and AC service in Las Vegas.
5	First cold night of the year, and to my surprise the furnace would not come on. I immediately jumped on Yelp and began searching for a local HVAC company with decent reviews. Legacy Air stood out with its perfect 5 stars. I called and was immediately impressed by the customer service and professionalism of Amanda and Dave. Dave was awesome. He showed up on time and promptly identified the problem that had been caused by another HVAC company's shoddy work; repairing the problem in less than 10 minutes. I can't thank you enough. I would not hesitate to recommend Legacy Air. The numerous excellent reviews are well deserved and evidence of their great customer service, professionalism, and quality work.
5	My heat was out. Dave arrived promptly at 7pm. He checked out my units in the attic and found the problem to be my thermostat. In and out in 20 min. No extra charge for night and weekends or distance. Did not try to sell me extras I didn't need. I WILL NOT call anyone else for service. Legacy only from now on. Give them a try. You will not regret it.
5	After getting a quote from Sierra Aire that was obviously a price gouging scheme, called Legacy because of the reviews here on Yelp. These guys were awesome and prompt. Called at 10 pm thinking noone would answer but surprisingly they did and came and repaired our system the next day and charged us half of what Sierra wanted to gouge us for. Courteous, knowledgable and prompt...not to mention charge a fair price. We will be using them for ALL our future HVAC needs. Stay ethical and keep doing the outstanding work you are gaining a reputation for!
5	After living here in Las Vegas for 7 years, I've been through many different contractors. As far as HVAC goes, Legacy Air is the absolute best outfit I have used. Greg Guthrie is the man when it comes to good, responsible service. He not only knows his stuff, he treats his customers RIGHT. On time, in contact, great service at a great price - and also FOLLOW UP - which is unheard of in this town! If you are looking for the lowest price - they may not be your choice. If you are looking for great service at a fair price - look no further!
5	Hands down...Legacy Air is the best HVAC company you can find for any service your AC might need. Further more, you are communicating with people that are honest and straight to the point- no BS, no sales speeches and no pressure of any kind. Their quote for replacing my 15 year old split unit with 13 SEER Trane system was significantly better  than other 3 companies , their work-fast and clean. If you ever need anything HVAC related please give Legacy Air a call- you will get the job done in no time and save money on top of that.
5	I found Legacy here on Yelp, my senior parents live in my rental home, and heat was not working, Dave went out to inspect and found it was just a switch that popped on the unit, much like a circuit breaker, he was kind enough not to charge anything, but said if it happens again, the switch would propably need to be replaced, kudo's to him for being forthright and honest, we now have his number on our fridge for any further HVAC needs
5	Amanda's great sense of humor & Dave's services were priceless to me after I tried 2 incompetent companies before Legacy, one very dis Honest (part of one company name). Legacy's 100% honesty is hard to find nowadays, I was left totally convinced that honest people in this field still exist.
5	Greg came to my house because my upstairs AC condensation line wasn't draining properly. He went in the attic and quickly found the problem. Apparently the builder of our house for some reason switched the pitch on the drain line so it made our secondary drain the primary. The problem with that is in the summer our drain pan would over flow when temps got into the triple digits and when it was super humid out. He also found that they had installed a broken pvc joint so it was leaking in two places. He got it all fixed and then I had him refill my freon. He did a great job and from now on I will call them when I need anything done to my ac units.
5	I would love to say that Legacy Air is awesome!!! Greg and Dave came as they promised and solved our air condition problem rather quickly. I can't thank them enough for their hard honest work! Thanks guys and Legacy Air!!!
5	Legacy air is awesome. Dave is AMAZING! We needed to have both units on our roof replaced and had a bid from another company for almost $20,000 and we were referred to Legacy and they less than half of that. From the time we called to get an estimate to getting the new units installed was only about three days. Everything about these guys was so professional!
5	I had a room in the house that was not getting cooled properly. Three other HVAC mechanics came out and concluded the only solution was a new $10k system or a $4k zone system. Legacy came out and concluded the same things I figured out from researching the net. A duct booster fan and window tint could help my situation. They were frank and told me it may not be perfect- which I knew. And the cost was under $700. Well, not only did it work but the hot room is now as good as every other room!!  Kudos for their smarts, integrity and great service. Did I mention their prices were more than competitve?  Look no further-these are my go to guys for ac!!
5	The BEST a/c company out there. It was very easy to make an appointment and were accommodating to my schedule. Dave H. was quick and very skilled at his profession. He was honest and a great asset to any company. I would highly recommend this company for your one and only ac company. Request Dave he will not let you down.
5	One of our AC units wouldn't turn on, so we called on a Sunday and had a technician there within 20 minutes!  Dave came in and quickly diagnosed the issue we were having and had our air conditioning working again shortly after.  He was honest and didn't even charge us (since we had somehow disconnected the power to the AC unit).  That's some great customer service.  I hope our AC doesn't break in the near future, but if it does, we wouldn't hesitate to call Legacy again.  Thank so much!
5	Being in the service industry myself honesty is a top priority. Dave came out the same day I made the appt and was on time. It was easy to schedule and was offered their current a/c check up special over the phone.  Inspite of me thinking I had a problem with my air conditioning he assured me everything was working properly. He could have easily upsold  work I did not need. Legacy Air will be my only call for my heating and air conditioning needs. Peace of mind is priceless.
5	Found this company here on Yelp. Called up for a warm air blowing AC. Dave came out the next morning (quite early...but better to beat the heat). It took him about 15 minutes to figure out the potential problem (hole in the coolant line). After he found the issue, he explained all the options (and price) he could take to correct the problem (in terms that I could understand!). After being honest with his suggestions, I was able to decide what route to take. It then took him about 30 minutes to fix it (welded) and add more coolant. The bill wasn't outrageous...ballpark of what I expected (which wasn't the most expensive option he suggested.) He was in and out in under an hour. I will recommend these guys to anyone that needs an honest repair company.
5	Considering I've only had to run maintenance on a swamp cooler for the last ten years in Las Vegas, to put it bluntly-- I was petrified to call an AC repairman when my upstairs air conditioner decided it was no longer willing to turn on as the digits began to creep into the 100s in the valley. I figured AC repairmen were like auto mechanics-- you never know when you'll get someone who will take advantage of the situation and upcharge you an astronomical amount due to your ignorance. Looking through Yelp, I immediately noticed Legacy Air and decided this was the best possible company to try out. I emailed Legacy Air late Friday evening and was surprised to get an email back with an appointment time for the next evening from 6-11. Even better, Dave, the repairman, called around 1 or 2 the next day and said he had the time to look at my AC then if I was available. He came over, checked out the unit, and informed me of the issues. He did everything possible for him for that evening and then before noon the next day, he came and finished the job (it required a bit of a delay due to the AC unit overheating.) Dave was punctual, professional and efficient--- and I would not hesitate to use this company again in the future.
5	Super solid service. Abraham came out for the first initial diagnostic and was super friendly. He talked me through his processes (at my request). I made a second appointment and had them do some followup testing. After discussing my options, we agreed on a solution that had both the functionality of the system and my budget in mind. I can't say enough about how pleased I was with this whole process. I have dealt with two other HVAC contractors and these guys made them look like jokes. What a great and knowledgeable staff.
5	I trusted Yelp and I'm glad I did.  I found an honest A/C company that is worth it's weight in gold in this desert.  They have a customer for years to come, trust the reviews!!!  Thanks Nate!
5	Our air went out this morning and because of the other great reviews I called Legacy Air.  They said they would be here between 5-9, the repair guy got here at 6 and within an hour we had cool air.  The price was exaclty what was quoted, I will surely use them again if needed.  Thank you!
5	I called them on a Sunday afternoon. Dave was at my home in under an hour. The service was thorough and efficient. He did his best to save me money. I was very satisfied with the service and am glad I checked yelp reviews for help in finding them.
5	Legacy Air was very helpful, thorough, and reasonably priced. Greg came out and quickly diagnosed the issues we were having with two of our AC units and repaired them efficiently. He explained everything to me as I don't know much about AC unit repair and was really just a nice guy. I would recommend anyone needing AC repair to call this company.
5	1. Anita- awesome called 1am she called back 6:30am on a saturday..superb. 2. Dave - honest, hardworking and funny!!!(as per my 8 yr old son). It is very hard to find good honest service. Legacy air for life!!!
5	Water was leaking profusely near the air handler. It appeared to not be draining properly. Called a couple of places and they said that it was normal because of the humidity during these past couple of days.  Called Legacy Air and they stated the same thing, but said they'd send someone over just to make sure everything is ok.  They were very quick to respond and was at the location within a couple hours on a Sunday, which I felt was impressive.  Both the person who answered the phone and the tech were very pleasant.  The tech determined that the issue was a plumbing problem and that I had to get a plumber to do the work since he didn't have the proper tools. He did say that the pvc drain pipe is clogged and if he were to perform the work, he would have to probably cut through the walls (property is a downstairs condo).   He said he wouldn't charge a fee for coming out, which I appreciated. Called a plumbing company who came out within an hour and said that it's NOT  a plumbing job.  Lucky for me, I chose a company who also does A/C repairs.  He contacted his A/C guy and they told him to blow out the drain line. He did, the blockage came out and water started dripping outside behind the unit.  Problem solved. Even though Legacy Air didn't "fix" the problem, promptness and courteousness  goes a long way and I will call them again for any future problems.
5	These guys are great and their prices are reasonable. I use them for my houses and buildings. I like their speed and quality.
5	Air conditioning stopped working around 3 pm Sunday July 13th.  After checking yelp called Legacy around 4:30 pm, was told tech was just finishing a job and would probably be at my home sometime between 6 -11 pm, but time frame would be more like 6-6:30.  Dave showed up at 6:05, diagnosed problem quickly and within an hour air was back on.  Would highly recommend Legacy
5	I called Legacy after seeing the reviews on yelp. I was given the timeframe of between 2-6, but Abraham called at 11am and said he was close by and had a cancellation. He came out within 5 mins, diagnosed the problem, explained everything to me in blonde terms, and got everything fixed. I'm currently sitting pretty with cool air flowing freely. Everything from the initial phone call to the service went smoothly! I will definitely be recommending these guys again!
5	I can't say enough about the honest, quick professional service we received from Legacy.  Last night one of our two A/C units went out.  I called Legacy this morning and spoke with Amanda. She was very courteous and careful to get all our information correct.  She gave us an approximate time of between 4 and 8 pm.  We were so happy when Dave came at 3:30pm.  He quickly determined the problem.  He explained what was wrong, replaced the part, and even checked the second unit for us.   There was no trying to sell us something we didn't need or taking advantage of two people who know nothing about A/C .   If we need any work on our units in the future we will definitely call Legacy without hesitation.
5	We called Legacy this morning at 3:30 AM and the phone was answered after only 2 rings.  They told they would be here sometime between noon & 4:00pm and they got here at 3:00pm. Figured out our problem quickly, gave a very reasonable quote and in under an hour we were getting sweet, cool air into the condo.  Told us of something we could get done down the road that wasn't essential now and about small, room air conditioner we could get at Home Depot as a temporary solution if we ever lost air again.  Very professional, helpful, and efficient.  Thank you, Greg & Legacy!
5	Found Legacy using Yelp and searching by top-rated companies. I tend to trust other yelper's experience (and this company's reputation) quite often.  The people over at Legacy did go out of their way to squeeze me in and get me a same-day appt. to get my tenant's AC back up and running. They were punctual and their work was good. I live in LA so they called me to give me options/prices of how I wanted to proceed. I let them know and they proceeded pretty quickly and made sure everything was working properly before they left. I do feel they were a little pricey, but overall, their work is good, they have good customer service and come through, so I don't think their hard-earned 5 stars deserves to be affected adversely.
5	After my air conditioner stopped working yesterday morning, I researched yelp having read many reviews and decided to give Legacy Air a try.  I called and spoke with a friendly lady I believe who's name is Amanda.  She was understanding of my problem and checked to see if their was any possibility of a same day appointment.  Unfortunately there was none, but that I could have a tech out the following morning (today) between 10-2pm. Early this morning Dave called me asking if he may come earlier than the scheduled appointment time which I quickly agreed to. Once Dave arrived, he quickly diagnosed the problem and explained to me how he arrived to his conclusion.  Having taken basic electronics some 20 years ago, it made sense to me and I asked him to complete the repair.  I believe the cost of the repair to be a bit on the high side, but the convenience of not having to wait several days was a fair trade off to me.  Dave provided a "job well done". Thank you Legacy.
5	I woke up hot this morning to find my AC was running but not cooling. Had to run off to work so when I got home around 5:30/45 I called over to Legacy Air since they had great reviews. After explaining my situation Dave the technician who answered the phone, due to high call volume, told me it would be either 1 of 2 issues and was very knowledgable. With a low call out fee, which is waved if the work is completed by them, i arranged for them to come out. Dave arrived in less then 15mins, upon a quick inspection he diagnosed the problem & had it fixed & up and running in all of about 30mins.I thought I was going to have to spend thousands of dollars after speaking to some friends who had had a similar experience, it cost me less then $200!!!I will definitely call them again, but after having them here, I doubt I will have to!
5	I wish I could remember the technicians name, but I can't so sorry. Whoever it was he was awesome! He came out, explained that we had a cracked drainage pan. Took pictures with the phone to show me what he was talking about and even got pictures for our insurance adjuster of before and after. Took a while to get the part but once it arrived he came and was done with the job in less than an hour. Air conditioner works great now! And the price was fair for the work done. I hope and pray I don't have another air problem soon, but if I do I would definitely call these guys again!
5	WOW! I was so much easier dealing with Legacy Air. The person that made the scheduled did everything she could to get me in today. I had call them as second opinion because Number One Plumbing, Heating & Air was telling me that the only way to fix my unit was to replace my compressor for  minimum of $2098.00. Abraham went out at 6pm and got it fixed in 15 minutes and charged me $70.00. THANKS TO LEGACY AIR I DID NOT GET RIPPED OF TODAY!!!!!!!!!
5	Our central air wasnt properly cooling the house....we set it at 75, and the house steadily stayed at 88 degrees - in the summer! We were dying. Called Legacy...spoke to Amanda who was really pleasant and helpful over the phone. Greg came over and within 5 minutes he was able to tell what was wrong - our pipe was frozen!! We defrosted for a couple of hours and turned out that we were just low on freon....he filled us up, and answered my many, many questions about central air and maintenance (this was our first time managing a central air unit, so he spent a lot of time educating me) and let us know in advance that we need to keep an eye on the compressor as it is on the older side. Total bill was less than $200 - amazing!!!! Will only call Legacy now for our HVAC needs. Thanks, Greg!!!
5	My A/C started blowing hot air today, called around 2 pm and even though they had a full schedule, Amanda was great and said they'd see if anyone might have a cancellation or finish early. Was able to get a 5-9 slot for tonight and then Dave called and said he ended early and could be here in 20 min. Had cool air again by 4 pm. Dave was polite, helpful, and really informative on what to look for. I won't hesitate to use them for all my future A/C needs.
5	Yelp to the rescue once again! It's a horrible feeling waking up to a warm house in the middle if summer.  Not knowing which company to call doesn't help either.  Luckily our first place to search is yelp.  Legacy Air had great reviews so we gave them a call.  The lady who answered was very nice and willing to have someone out within a few hours.   Wow! Dave arrived at our home at the scheduled time.  He was great! He walked us through each step of his process determining what the problem could be.  He made sure we were fully understanding of what he was seeing.I'm so thankful for a company so reliable and trustworthy.  There werent any sales pressures to put in a new ac unit.  Our problem was fixed swiftly and easy on the wallet.  I'd highly recommend them and their impeccable service!
5	Dean came out this evening and did a great job fixing the ac unit. Same day service is hard to find. Thanks yelp for never letting me down. Would call again and will tell my friends about Legacy Air.
5	Outstanding experience!  I had another company, Sierra Air, go to our rental property in Las Vegas to do an estimate. After paying $69 for the visit and them telling us it was going to cost $1100+ to repair a control board I decided it was time for a second opinion. Called Legacy Air the following Monday due to the great reviews on Yelp and wasn't disappointed. They came out the same day and diagnosed the problem in no time. Turns out it was actually a blower motor that needed to be repaired. As well as fixing the problem they also fixed a bunch of issues that existed on the unit including a miss wired control panel, improperly installed ducting and pipes. It took them 2 days to finish everything, but I know it is now done right. It also only cost $540 for everything!  They are now my go to company for any HVAC work in Vegas from now on. Thanks Legacy Air!
2	Called to have my ac checked out. Someone came and I paid for the $59 fee. I was told that someone would call back with an estimate right away to have my ac fixed. It's been almost two weeks.  No, I should not have to check back when I had asked multiple times if someone would contact me. Thank goodness because I actually found another company. Please do not say you will call back with an estimate and do not follow through.
5	Thank you Dave for your response. It is greatly appreciated and I believe you are a great company.
5	I never write a review, but I feel like I need to. My AC broke down, called Legacy air, get appointment, I received a phone call when Dave were on the way 30 min before the appointment, he fix the AC in less than 10 min. Service was very professional, efficient, friendly and affordable. He left 10 min ago, I create yelp account just to post this review.I will use this business from now and on.I highly recommend LEGACY AIRThank you Dave
5	The hubby & I thought it was a good idea to buy a foreclosure that had it's 3 AC units stolen. Got quotes from a bunch of companies. Not only was this company's price the best, but the guy seemed to be totally honest, straight forward & knowledgeable. Really excellent customer service & product. 100% recommend (Legacy Air, not buying a foreclosure-see my Pure Plumbing review for more details;)
5	Dave, Amanda and the rest of the Legacy Air team were the consummate AC professionals.  They were courteous, very detailed in their work, and were fairly priced.  The replacement of my problematic AC system was completed quickly and thoroughly.  Dave addressed my numerous questions and followup requests promptly.   And very important to me was the fact that he demonstrated a high degree of integrity throughout.  Thank you Legacy Air!
5	Woke up to a screeching and grinding sound from the attic. I was sure our furnace's blower motor was shot, so I went to Yelp to find a good HVAC firm, and braced myself for a big expense. I called Legacy Air, and the rest of the day went just like the reviews here said it would: Amanda returned my call in less than an hour, got me scheduled same-day, and then Dave was available hours earlier than expected, called me, and came by to fix it. In and out in less than an hour, and I didn't need a motor after all, it was just a few loose bolts. Boom! Done!These people deserve all the praise on this page. Thank you VERY much, Legacy Air!
5	i called at 11am today and Dave came around 12pm. (I was scheduled between 6pm-11pm but luckily Dave was available right after my call)He checked our A/C and said we need to change fan moter. We decided to change right away because it was reasonable price. (my husband researched)Dave explained clearly , fast and very knidThank you again!!highly recommend this company! !
5	I called this Sunday and they showed up in 30 minutes. We got a quote from another company that recommended a whole new unit for $10,000! Legacy air said we didn't need a new unit and just fixed the problem. Saved us $9,550!!  Highly recommend!!
5	My AC was fixed within an hour of calling. Outstanding company and customer service. So refreshing to find people you can trust; I highly recommend Legacy Air!
5	My upstairs air conditioner was not working. I called Legacy Air and they came out earlier than they had said. When the guy got here he went up on the roof to check out the AC came down a bit later and said it was working fine. He decided to stay a while and let it run and just make sure. Sure enough when he went back to check it it had quit working. He was able to fix the problem in about an hour. I would use them again and refer my friends and family to them.
5	Just had my first yearly maintenance check using this company. Great service, right on time, and excellent HVAC guy.  he didn't try to rip me off, very honest, and very professional.  I would recommend this company to anyone  needed reliable HVAC a service.
5	I had the same great results as others; thanks Yelp. After scheduling, they called and asked if they could come earlier than scheduled. Abraham quickly diagnosed the problem and had it repaired in one-half hour.  Friendly, timely, quality service.  That's what it is supposed to be about.  Would definitely recommend them.
5	This review is the very good side of a very bad experience.  I'll simply start by saying THANKS Legacy for being honest, efficient, and affordable.  Here's the story.  We just purchased a home.  One of the lender requirements was for an air conditioning unit to be replaced, which was done.  A couple days after closing, we noticed that the air was no longer cold in that unit and it wasn't cooling the house.  Fortunately, we had also purchased a home warranty.  I contact the warranty company who sent an air conditioning service man out from a company called Air One.  He was polite, but couldn't do anything because our compressor was iced up.  He told me what to do and said they would need to come back out.  It was a Friday, so for the weekend we had no AC in the lower part of our house.  Anyway, Monday, Air One sent another crew out.  You can read my review on Air One, but let's just say, it was not a good experience.  They tried to sell me compressor cleaning for $285 on a brand new compressor, then cleaning on evaporative coolers for $485 for each unit inside the house.  Additionally, they said the compressor needed 10 lbs of Freon at $55.00 each and told me I had to make a decision right then.  I sent them on their way, and searched Yelp.  That's where the story gets good.  Legacy was highly rated on Yelp and overall, I tend to try to find companies others have had good experiences with.  I wasn't disappointed.  They sent their technician out who was friendly and very professional.  He quickly assessed the problem and confirmed that the evaporative coils were indeed plugged, restricting the airflow, and was causing the icing.  When I asked how much, he said it was $120 (AirOne was $485).  I asked him to complete the repair, which he did quickly.  I also had him do the upper unit, since I was still going to be money ahead, which he also did.  Then, I asked about the Freon.  He said my air was blowing at a very cold temperature and that I didn't need Freon.  So, $240 later, I have cold air on both levels and everything is "cool".If you want HONEST, EFFICIENT and AFFORDABLE air conditioning service, I highly recommend you use Legacy Air.  I also strongly recommend that you NOT use AirOne and I've suggested to my home warranty company they also not use AirOne.
5	One of the best company in Vegas. David was super cool and very professional.  I needed a condense compressor unit replaced, and they are able to get it done the next day. David arrived on time and started working right away, next thing you know, the new unit is in and old one is out, and David did all that by himself. Couple hours later, there are cool air blow in my house. Definitely recommend this company to anyone who have AC problem.
5	I have always dreaded having my AC go out, but I took a chance on this business based on yelp reviews. I called and they had a tech out in half an hour. To make a long story short, everything turned out great. Abe was a really nice guy and explained everything to me. I have never dealt with an AC company before, but they were affordable and honest. Can't complain! Will refer them to my friends and family.
5	Last summer, ac man switched my heater circuit board, but he mess my heater.so it not work! So I check yelp and found this awesome company.i call and a man (his name Dean) came, fixed in a hour! With nice manner, good priced ($70).fast and good skill. What can we expect more.
5	Incredible!A few days after having our attic re-insulated, we went to use our central heating system and it would not turn on.  We tried the central air conditioning and it would not turn on either.Having lived in Las Vegas for 14 years, I have used a number of heating and air conditioning companies over the years.  Needless to say, I wasn't overly impressed with any of them so I went to "yelp" to look at reviews.I was astounded at the excellent ratings of Legacy Air.  After reading all of the positive comments, I gave them a call on a Sunday afternoon.Amanda answered my call and was very pleasant.  She scheduled a service call for the following afternoon, which is what I requested.Dean, the Legacy Air technician, arrived during the first hour of his appointment timeframe.  He was very personable and understanding.  I explained the issue to him and after getting his ladder, he was into the attic.  Well, it took him longer to get into the attic than to diagnose the problem; a broken on and off switch to the system.  He quickly replaced the switch and checked the system.  We were so impressed with Dean and Legacy Air, we asked if they offered a Preventative Maintenance Program, which they do, so we signed up for that.  Dean was able to perform the heater preventive maintenance check after replacing the switch.The charge for the service call and parts was well below what I had expected.  I will NEVER use another heating and air conditioning company other than Legacy Air..
5	I'm a Las Vegas homeowner and landlord. In my opinion this is by far the best AC company in Las Vegas. After using and being disappointed with several other AC companies I contacted Legacy Air based solely on their stellar reputation on Yelp. I now use them exclusively for all of my AC needs.Outstanding customer service, quality of work, and prices. I highly recommend Legacy Air for AC service. A true diamond in the Las Vegas contractor rough!
5	This company has continued to impress me! After 30+ years of owning a home I finally found a Heating & Cooling company that is honest, efficient, and reasonable. I trust them to get the job done right and with no unnecessary add-ons. Dave & Dean go way above the service I've come to expect from other companies. They really care about and respect their customers and it shows in their work.
5	I was very impressed with the service.  They set the appointment for 5-9 but called before 4 to see if it was OK to come early.  Abe was the tech and he was very thourough and professional.  My heater would not come on.  Had two recommendations from friends and neighbors and looked on Yelp and saw horrible reviews one one of them and so-so on the second one.  Read all the reviews for Legacy Air and went to their website and read the philosophy of the company and was very impressed so I called them.When Abe checked the heater he found that ignighter was bad.  Total for everything was $190 which I thought was very fair.  After replacing the ignighter  he stayed to make sure it was working properly.They will be my go to company from now on.  I work at a hardware store and am always asked for referrals and Legacy Air is now at the top of my list.
5	Finally a top notch HVAC company.  I had three companies look at my heating unit and all the rest couldn't get the job done.   Legacy from the minute you call and setup appointment are on the ball.   Arrived early both times, really cared about getting the unit up and running.  Had a little snafu on the first visit but they came right back out to get the job done right.   In my opinion the best service I have had in 5 yrs in Las Vegas.  Thank you Legacy, ur my HVAC company from now on!
5	So I've been freezing my ass off for the last 2 weeks due to being out of town and having a busy work schedule.  I was finally able to set up an appointment via text (left a message, and emailed through their website).  They were kind enough to come out on New Years day.About 20 mins, 2 trips up the ladder, and $101 later my heat was cranking with an official diagnosis of "dusty attic" (messing up the sensors).I napped on my warm couch, watched a movie on my warm TV, and I'm now sitting at my warm desk, and posting this review on my warm laptop.Thanks to Yelpers for their spot on reviews of Legacy, and thanks to Dean for ending my misery and creating optimal napping conditions.When I finally replace the whole system I can't imagine picking anyone but Legacy.
5	Great company, will go no where else with my heating and air conditioning needs. Came out on New Year's Day, fixed my problem with the heater, and charged me only $70.  It coulda been so much worse. Thanks Legacy!
5	I tried to troublshoot the heater problem (I have technical background) myself but had to call out these guys, it was a difficult fault to find but they (Dean) did and were very profesional, reasonable price, and promt on showing up. Can't beat that, will use again if the need arises. Thanks
5	Legacy made me so happy!  Abraham came and fixed a problem for under $300 that a competitor said would cost $3000 to repair but suggested a replacement system instead for $9000!  Polite, professional, but most importantly HONEST!  Very reassuring to have a reliable company to call.  Thanks YELP!  You steered me correctly again.
5	I contacted Legacy Air to install a new thermostat in an older townhouse we had recently purchased and remodeled. Our technician "Dean" was on time and completed what turned out to be a very complicated job due to the age of our HVAC system. Dean was professional, knowledgeable and courteous. Thank you for a great job done at a very reasonable price.
1	Terrible company to work with. The women who answers the phone has a horrible attitude and basically was telling me: we don't want your business! Why the owner even pay someone that bitchy to handle the phone
