3	The gym overall is pretty good- just has a couple downfalls. I rarely, almost never see anyone wiping down the equipment- they don't provide you with towels so it's somewhat on an 'honor' system that you utilize the sanitizer/towels that they have in a couple locations in the gym. On multiple instances I've noticed countless people walk away from their gym equipment and not wipe it down- gross.I've come to the conclusion that I'm going to cancel my membership and work out in my new apartments gym. It's a lot cleaner, and they have all the equipment pieces I need. Goodbye La Fitness!
5	I visited this gym once as a guest and now twice to work out as a member. It's way more impressive than the surrounding competition (i.e. Pure Fitness) in terms of selection of machinery, customer service, and amenities.First of all, they have any kind of machine you could ever want to work out on. They have things that I've never seen the likes of, looking like they'd spin you into the wall or chop your head off. However, the staff have made it abundantly clear that they are willing to show anyone how to use these things, so that's good. They have tons of cardio equipment, free weights, nautilus, balance balls, punching bags with gloves, etc. They have a large area for classes (included with membership), a basketball court, and a pool. Well it's snowbird season and the pool is full of seniors with snorkels, but god love 'em. When I'm that age all I'll be doing is sitting in a rocking chair, alternating between sleeping and spinnin' yarns.I haven't tried out all the crap yet, but I'll get to it. It's like yodeling -- you can't just start out yodeling, you have to build up to it.The staff is really nice. They provide a friendly greeting when you come in, and when you leave. The guys that signed me up for my membership said hi to me and asked me about my workout, which is cool. They already have the sale, so as far as I'm concerned, anything extra is great customer service. The sales guy even said he would call me if he didn't see me coming in to work out. I'm tempted to test him on this. They offered to connect me with a personal trainer to do a fitness assessment, but I declined this service. Trainers are too much of a mixed bag, and I'd rather do my own research and workout planning.The amenities are fantastic, at least compared to other gyms I've been to like Pure Fitness and the YMCA. They have a jacuzzi, a sauna, a nice locker area with semi-private showers, and so on. Even if I wasn't working out, I would totally stop by here if I needed a shower and shave and couldn't make it all the way home. This place also has child care if you bring your curtain climbers with you, for a nominal fee. The only thing I would like to see, that they don't have, is towel service. I guess this is offered at some locations, but not here. I have to bring my own towel and deal with it wet in the car and so forth. Do not like.One other thing -- if you do decide to sign up here, remember that both the initiation fee and the monthly fee is negotiable.Overall, I am really happy so far.
1	I visited the L.A. Fitness in Paradise Valley with my friend, who is a member, earlier this week. I am not a member but was considering joining since it is so close to one of my businesses located in Paradise Valley. I asked to try the facilities out and was told i would need to speak with someone before working out. I waited around for 5 minutes before a young man/boy named Jordan came up to me and ask that i follow him to his office. Apparently he is the GM of the facilities. I knew he was going to pitch me on the membership program and so I told him I would prefer to work out and then we could discuss the membership programs. I am very well aware of how membership based businesses work and didn't necessarily need to hear the pitch. I get it...you pay X per month and you work out. It's not rocket science. Sorry to break it to you Jordan but your job isn't that complex. He said "That's not how this works" and then accused me of trying to "game" the system. I told him I wasn't trying to game the system and I just wanted to try it out before i committed to the membership. I again reiterated that my friend was a member and i would more than likely sign up. He again said he doesn't give out free passes and that if i wanted to try the facilities there would be a 25.00 charge. My friend came back down to check on me and asked what was happening and Jordan again said i was trying to game the system. My friend said she had some guest passes on her account and I could use one. They said she didn't and that i would need to pay 25.00 to work out. My friend stated that the day pass is much less than 25.00 and was in fact 5.0. To which Jordan replies, "Not today it isn't, today its 25.00." He then told me to stop making a big deal about it and just hear him out. I again said i just wanted to try the gym and the decide. It was then that he said, "Why are you bull shitting me lady?" That's what put me over the edge. I shared with him a couple of key customer service concepts, one of which was a personal favorite of mine. Never swear at your guests. Seems basic to most but apparently has been lost on young Jordan. For those out there that are thinking of "trying" L.A. Fitness in Paradise Valley, beware. They are sharks and don't even seem to understand their own policy regarding first time visits. A 6 year old could log onto the LA fitness website and print a free guest pass. http://www.lafitness.com/Pages/FreePass.aspx?clubid=139 So, for all their misguided zeal they've lost me as a prospect and my friend is canceling her membership. Not to mention the power of word of mouth. In this economy business leaders need to go the extra mile to make sure all prospects and guests are treated like royalty. Jordan - if you're reading this, I recommend picking up the following book on customer service. It's an easy read and could really help you. http://www.amazon.com/Customer-Service-Skills-Success-Robert/dp/0073545449/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1269625349&sr=1-4 Best. J.P.
3	Their treadmills and classes keep my pants buttoning, so I figured it was time for a review. LA Fitness is exactly A-OK. For the price of the membership, I feel that I get exactly what I pay for: a solid, in and out, calorie burning experience with maybe a class or two thrown in here and there. I've been going to LA Fitness for about four years now. I only ever visit this one. I had a brief stint with the one on McDowell, but this Wildcat felt more at ease away from the ASU gym hangout. Like I mentioned, the membership is decently priced, even with a budget. The equipment is A-OK. It's not top of the line, but it's rarely broken. I will run on the treadmill for 20 more minutes if they ever get ones with TVs built in! I really only go to LA Fitness for cardio, but the free weights overtake much of the gym and they have a large selection of bikes, treadmills and ellipticals. Even during the busy time aka gymaholic's happy hour, I always seem to find a treadmill relatively quickly. The classes at LA Fitness deserves another star to the review. They have spot on classes! I rotate between spinning, kick boxing, pilates and most recently Zumba. I love them all! The teachers are energetic and kick my butt, the music is fast paced and motivating, and the class agenda stays current. The bathroom and locker room is very nice with enough space for a small army of weight-loss hungry gym goers. I pass by the sauna and the pool and while I've never tried either, they look appealing. I always tell myself I should swim more, but haven't made it to this pool yet. The last two highlights for this gym would be the day care classes they offer and the brand new juice bar. I have no idea if the day care is yay or nay, but it was worth mentioning. And be warned, bottles of H20 are a whopping $2,00. Yikes! So I suggest LA Fitness if you're like me and use the gym to focus on working out and look for a workout of getting in, getting your sweat on and getting out in a reasonable amount of time.
3	I sometimes drive the extra couple miles to this location if I'm up early on Tuesday mornings.  It's my day off, but I like the 9:15am Spin Class much better.  The Instructor is really good and she does a different work out each week.I don't work out here often enough to comment on everything else.  The place is a little bigger than the South Scottsdale location, and has a little more equipment, but other than that it looks and feels pretty much the same.
4	This LA Fitness has a wider range of age groups than the one down the road at Scottsdale and McDowell. The 4:30 Monday Bootcamp class is awesome! Especially if you like to get your butt kicked.
2	La Fitness just took over Pure Fitness...yea more locations for me to choose from! Well maybe not this one. I went into this location because it is on my way home from work, just to check it out. The people behind the desk were kind of rude. I asked for a tour and they told me to just take a look around. They didn't really want to be bothered with me. Is this all the LA Fitness locations or just this one? I'll check out the location in south Scottsdale and see if they are a little nicer.
4	Being from So Cal I felt like I was at home visiting LA Fitness in Scottsdale. I came here for the 8:00 pm Monday yoga class and a workout and was impressed with the facility. It's located in a strip center but is well maintained with fairly new equipment and the facility is super clean. The yoga class was taught by a female instructor and the class was filled. the class was enjoyable but I didn't work up much of a sweat in this session. I'll return here before vacation ends!
4	Impressions from my 1st week: - A good selection of weight machines from Life Fitness, Freemotion, Star Trac (had never used) and a few others (Nautilus,Apex?,etc). The free weight area  (in pic above) was well stocked... but busy during prime time. - Most of the people working out were nice; no problems working in on sets when machines were busy. - A good mix of people... a lot of 20 somethings, but a surprising number of 30-50+ gym rats as well. No obnoxious slamming weights or excessive grunting (OK... if I can hear it over the tunes cranked up on my Ipod... its friggin' loud. I don't care what you're giving birth to, and am more impressed if you can control the weight on the way down while pushing that last one out (rep or baby) ). - The parking kinda' sucks... circling for spots.- Lanes usually available in the lap pool - The cardio equipment was crowded as expected from 4:30-7:00pm... better after that. No cardio theatre/built in TVs... some flatscreens overhead. The ellipticals are Precor EFXs... not my favorite. The stride is a bit choppy and when elevated, they put a strain on my lower back. LA Fitness sets a 1/2hr max time limit on them... annoying. If anyone's waiting, I'll gladly observe a posted 20 min time limit . Having to reset time (losing mileage, calories, etc) is frustrating at slack times when plenty are available. The 18 star trac treadmills have  consoles had built in fans (3 recently "under repair"). There were about 4 "stair" and 4 "step" stairmasters. There are plenty of Star Trac reclining cycles (not in demand). I didn't see Cybex arc trainers... did see 2 rowing machines. It would be nice to have a couple of floor fans available for us heavy sweaters. Paper towels & cleaner are available... and janitors wipe down equipment (thankfully!).- Lockeroom was larger than expected and reasonably clean. No competing for space to set a gym bag. - The front desk and trainers were friendly and helpful. Not pushy or disinterested (if you're not purchasing training/supplements). - My only gripe with LA Fitness in is that they closed down my old location that they had purchased from Pure Fitness a few months ago  on extremely short notice (ie: I read a notice posted on the night they closed on 1/31 . 2 people I talked to (1 was a trainer) had 10 days notice  but others had none.  The Via Paseo location is too far south for me to travel long term... but I would recommend it to others so far (I'll try to update this to keep it accurate even if it gets filtered).
4	Not a perfect five star gym, but who is perfect these days?I've had high expectations for LA Fitness, since I was a member from the time I lived in Los Angeles. The gyms there are ridiculous.This particular location is solid though. Everything is clean. Locker rooms, spin room, machines, etc. I can vouch for the cleanliness of the equipment because I regularly see the staff sanitizing and wiping everything down. Kudos.The spin instructors are pretty cool. Go on a Thursday at 6:45, and see the guy who teaches the class. He has a giant handlebar mustache. He is a trip. The music is hilarious. And fun.The juice bar is a bit dodgy. I've never actually seen it in operation. And I go during "peak" hours...either in the early morning, or right after work. Someone explain this to me. Also, there is a sign encouraging people to buy a pre-paid card for shakes.Why would I buy a pre-paid card for a juice bar that is never open? Hmm. Or maybe I'm just an idiot in the zone listening to Daft Punk, Deadmau5 and Darude (yes), too busy to pay attention.Worth the membership fee though.
3	I was waiting to write my review after I had my "complementary fitness evaluation" with a personal trainer.  The training session was great.  The trainer took his time, set me up with what I should be working on and took me through a lot of new exercises.Little did I know (I should have known better), this is just a drawn out process they take you through in order to soften unsuspecting members before they sit you down for a high-pressure sales pitch.  Prior to the job I have now, I was in a competitive sales position as a telemarketer at a cut-throat company.  I know that you're supposed to earn a potential customer's trust, find their need(s), and sell the crap out of your product by isolating and overcoming objections.  Build my trust, they did.  Address my needs--that too.  And then they sold the shit out of their sessions. People like to buy, they don't like to be sold.  After this experience, I was no where close to buying.  They pried the shit out of my financial objections, even getting me to speak about my my monthly expenses, income, and pay cycle.  The gym is supposed to be a place where one can escape undue pressures, especially sales pitches to sign up for personal training sessions with a $179 enrollment fee plus $40/session with an annual contract.  I wish I had skipped the complementary session altogether.  The facility itself is nice--I'd give it four stars.  Lots of machines; not enough dumbbells (the ones with the small weights on either end, not the disk kind) or StairMasters.  It's PACKED after 5 pm on weekdays, but it is enjoyable to go and see some of the same people every day after work.  I wish there was one more studio where I could do my lunges without getting in the way of everyone who's stretching.  People seem to enjoy the classes, and it's always fun to shoot some hoops after working out.  They keep the facility clean and everyone is upbeat.  They remember you when you come through the door, and wish you well when you leave.  I like everything about it, but that damn sales pitch definitely altered my perception of LA Fitness.
2	Full disclosure - I am not a member and never have been. I tried this gym last week using a 3 day pass. I will not be signing up. This gym is extremely busy. It is very challenging to put in a good workout without waiting for the majority of my workout. I even found myself waiting around just for some extra space to stretch before lifting.  One afternoon there was an entire high school football team working out which I thought odd considering it was the 5pm rush hour. On a positive note this gym might have the most attractive clientele that I have ever seen. It's on par with the Lifetime up near Scottsdale and the 101 only this gym's demographics are much younger. If I were 10 years younger I would probably join this gym just to walk around and socialize. Maybe get in a few sets in between fist bumps with the fellas. Fortunately I am wise enough to know that there are better places than the gym to socialize and better places than LA Fitness to work out.
2	It's time to update my review and give it a more fair assessment. I've been a member for almost a year now, and this gym just isn't the same. Before I continue, I am going to say that I cancelled my membership last night.I had a brief conversation with Stan W. on Sunday about gyms, and it got me thinking about my choice in facilities. I started thinking about LA Fitness in a more critical light.The equipment is all the same, but isn't maintained the way it should be. When a machine needs to be repaired, it may take two-to-three weeks. This has become such an overcrowded gym. During peak hours, and even on weekends, I've found myself waiting for benches, cardio machines, cable machines and such for upwards of 15-20 minutes. People don't re-rack their weights here, both on the bars, and with the dumbbells. It's like the idiot meathead convention all showed up to this particular location. You'd think the staff would take care of this, but no. They are too busy selling memberships and keeping this place overcrowded.The overcrowding has taken it's toll on the locker rooms too. The men's room used to be pristine, and regularly cleaned. This is no longer the case. It's now a cess pool, and smells like a horrible burrito incident. Stay away. Pray to the good lord that you don't need to take a leak after you work out. Parking at this gym? A joke. It's next to impossible if you go after work. I've spent several minutes of my life circling the lot, looking for a spot.Now, you are thinking....Dave, why are you being a dick right now? Why so negz? Well...if you want to know the positives of this gym, try the spin class at 6:45 on Thursdays. Fred is the instructor. You can't miss him. He has a mustache. He is awesome. His music is great!Not really sure what is the deal with the juice bar. I never saw it open, but a couple days back, I saw a sign that said "Business Opportunity". Guess it's for sale. Classy.If you are still reading this, you are either bored at work, interested in what I have to say, or making a decision on a gym. Choose wisely. I cancelled my membership last night. I chose a smaller, local business. Afterall, I'm a Yelper. An Elite. Local business is where I prefer to spend my money.This place is a chain, and you feel it when you walk in....and not in the good way.
3	You get what you pay for: Lots of posers, muscle heads and average equipement. Not enough space for dumb bells and free weights.Parking is a problem, especially at peak times. Come early, ohh never mind the staff is always late to open the doors. I can't understand why this club location opens at 5 in the morning during the week but 8am (8am!) on the weekends. I've actually had to wait for staff to show up at 8am on Saturday morning. And, then they arrive at 8:15!. Give me a break. Get some adults to run this location. This is a real pet peeve of mine. HEY, NOTE TO LA FITNESS.....THERE ARE A LOT OF SENIORS WHO LIVE IN THE 'HOOD. THEY ARE EARLY RISERS AND ARE ICHIN' TO GET IN AND GET OUT. KNOW YOUR MARKETS, MEATHEADS. I am amending my review and upgrading this location. I have to say that as far as cleanliness goes, they have two or three people cleaning at all times. It's probably not enough to keep the entire club clean but its a consistent effort. I wouldn't dare to put my rear end on one of the toilets. The equipement is just as bad: I always clean equipement before and after working out. The pool is clean. Oh, hell yea its clean: I think there is a 50 gallon tub of chlorine dropped in it each day. Protect yourself and use goggles and a hood or else your hair will turn blue. Wash your swimwear immediately. If you swallow some of the pool water, obtain FLEET enema right away and get ready to flushhhhh.So, bottom line is that this is a commodity based club. They just want to run as many people through as they can. I don't have any experience with the sales pitches of the trainers but I don't care anyway since I don't use those services. I know they have child care but again, I don't use those services. It's packed most mornings and evenings and as soon as I find an alternative I'll leave.
1	Ok, now I was reasonably satisfied being a customer at LA fitness the past 6 months and am grateful I motivated myself to get off my ass and get in shape... I used all the equipment with the exception of a few things:1. I didn't use the locker room not clean enough for me...2. Didn't use the pool... 3. Didn't do any of the classes (did PT for a minute but too expensive)A few weeks ago I signed up for a Trial Membership at The Village... Wow, I had NO IDEA what I was missing by being an LA Fitness Member... So adios LA... hello nice ass club with everything I wanted and then some...Here is where my review gets bad on LA: Cancelling this membership is a nightmare. a)You want me to fill out a piece of paperwork and snail mail it to Irvine before you cancel my membership, ARE YOU FOR REAL?b) The "Customer Service" number for my area was about as useful as banging my head in a wall... The woman who was trying to help me told  me and i quote she "...had never used the website and was unfamiliar with it...", FOR REAL? c) The website is all bugged out and glitchy, they make it intentionally hard for you to discontinue your membership without going in and being badgered by one of the sales guys....Good riddance!
4	I only come to this location for the Spin/Cycle class on Thursday nights. I'd like to think that I'm in pretty good shape and this class consistently kicks my butt. I've only been twice but have plans to make it a regular part of my work out. As far as the gym itself, it seems clean, the people working out are polite, and it's comfortable inside. It is very crowded and parking is a problem so if you go at peak times be prepared to wait for machines and a parking spot.
3	I pay 19.99 a month for LA Fitness, this is why I still go to LA Fitness.  That's pretty much the review ... this location is older, the equipment is older the good thing is unlike other LA Fitness locations I have visited no equipment is broken its just kinda crappy. So that brings up the star rating from the typical 2 to 3 but not 4 which would be a remodeled location like the one off Greenway.  Also they don't have racquetball and parking is terrible, SO TERRIBLE sometimes there are no spots at all and thats nuts.
1	These are lying scam artists who will tell you anything to get you to part with your money. Once they've got that credit card set up to auto-bill though, they drop you like yesterday's meat and move on to the next mark. You might be fine if you get some sort of a deal on membership, completely avoid the "fitness assessment" BS (actually just a super high pressure sales pitch), and just use the facility for $30 a month. Also, for the guys I hope you don't feel you deserve privacy while you shower because there are NO SHOWER CURTAINS in the mens' locker! WTF - Is this prison? Is this high school? I have no idea how the current members are okay with this. I am certainly not willing to pay money to shower out in the open. Both Lifetime and 24 hr Fitness have at least the level of privacy you get in a truck stop FFS. Of course Andrew the sales guy assured me (Lie #1) that there were normally shower curtains and they must be off for cleaning. I later find out the location never even had curtains in the men's locker.  In isolation this could have been an honest mistake but this is just the first of many specific statements made in response to my concerns that turned out to be false after I decided to sign on that line.  Three customer service failures in the space of 2 visits looks like a pattern to me. Magically, the manager of the place is always out of the office or "on a conference call" whenever I've tried to reach him, and my requests for a call back when he's available have been ignored. In short: Fuck these guys. Spend your money elsewhere unless you like being ripped off and have absolutely no expectation of customer service in return for your $390/year plus whatever extra fees they bully you into signing up for.
3	I've been working out at this LA Fitness a lot more lately.  It doesn't really offer anything that the others don't.  Pretty much every LA Fitness is exactly the same.  So what is different here?  The location is in a more affluent part of town.  So even though it's cheap, it attracts an older clientele.  I like this.  A lot less meatheads work out at this LA fitness.Tuesday 9:15am Spin Class with Susan is still awesome.
3	I joined this LA fitness when I tried to use a 2 week pass my friend had given me. While the guy was printing out my pass he showed me the price sheet and of course there were deals that would expire before the 2 weeks were up. I negotiated a better deal and decided to join that day. I knew I was going to join because I need to get in shape for my wedding. So I paid 0 to join and 29.00 a month. No commitment, cancel anytime. Any club anywhere. I was happy. So far I have tried the PV club, the new north phoenix club, and this one. This one is not as nice as the new one, but better than the PV one in my opinion. It has a decent amount of machines, in a good variety. It has a lot of weight machines. It has a lot of classes. I tried Zumba and enjoyed it. The locker room is big and always clean. The sauna is nice. The pool and spa are great. Nothing to complain about. The only thing that could make it better would be a steam room, and towel service. :)
4	Four stars from me, although this is all compared to the PV (or PC for 'piece of crap") location that I generally frequent. I have visited this location twice so far, while my closer location is getting a new paint job. Here is what I love:*Newer machines THAT ARE QUITE. I didn't realize that elliptical machines should not squeak or clank, weird.*Tons of cardio machines to choose from. I was here once at night and then at the busy, "lets get a quick workout in during my lunch break" time around noon, and while it was packed, I still had a few machines to choose from.*Temperature. Its generally cooler here that I've noticed. I'm not sure if its from the thermostat setting or the fact that its a single level. The PV location has their cardio equipment upstairs and thus, due to hot air rising, its always hot.*They are open later during the weekdays. I love the fact that they are open later because I work 12 hour shifts and sometimes get out late. Then, by the time I get to the PV location and changed, I always feel rushed or am not able to get my full work out in :(Two negatives to mention for this location. First, the girl taking your pass at the front, still has her head down typing on the computer while reaching (and missing) to take your pass to scan (but this also happens at the PV location). Second, at night, these speakers are super loud. I really don't want to hear Beyonce do one of her voice scales through my headphones when I'm working out. I am thankful that the PV location does NOT do this.This location also has a pool, sauna, basketball court, and a kids club, but I didn't see any raquet ball courts, hmm, one of the few pluses (if you play) for the PV location.
1	Bunch of self entitled Scottsdale punks work out here. I come to work out and and not be threatened because I used a vacant machine that some roid head was using. I've never seen so many snotty, over cologned, immature kids  in a gym before. I've relocated several times in my life. Worked out all over Florida including W. Palm Beach. Overcrowded, music sucks, staff have no social skills and a sea of fake boobies. But I like boobs. Greenway Parkway Gym is awesome though. Tatum south of Cactus also good and not usually crowded.
2	YOGA at LAF McComick RanchBest described as 'housewife yoga'.  Times are ridiculous- too late in the morning to do before workd,  right in the middle of church times on Sunday.  Nothing on Saturday.  The only people who can make these times are housewives, who probly enjoy the music, bright lights and air conditioning.... yuck.LAF got a lot of members from Bally's when it closed.  Ballys had 6:30 am yoga, with dimmed lights, and the A/C turned off.  Take a hint LAF... get serious about your yoga program.  Mountainside is moving in on you.....
2	After a year with LA Fitness it's time to say sayonara. The great thing about this gym are the regulars. It's always nice to see a familiar face (or faces). The bad thing about this gym (one of many flaws) is the volume of the regulars. It's not really a friendly place when you're sending hateful vibes to that one guy who always hogs the StairMaster. I quickly learned that the sales reps earn commission to produce as many memberships as possible. They stay at work until they've signed up a minimum of five people. Why do you think the space allocated to the sales reps is so big?  There are "one weekend only" specials every single weekend. Just another ploy to convert more innocent inquirers into customers. The staff?  Well, don't expect much of an intelligible answer from anyone at the front desk. They proudly state that they don't have any knowledge about the gym or it's classes.  Their sole duty is scanning barcodes.  And that's what you are--just another barcode. The volume of people kills this place. The machines are run down, they're frequently breaking, and there's barely enough room to breathe.  In a sea of cologne, hair gel and plastic, the claustrophobia is intensified. Locker rooms are stocked with paper towels. That's it. I've heard disgusting stories about the men's locker room. Enough said.Classes...they're not bad. However, they're frequently overcrowded. Pilates with Sarah was enjoyable. The lack of parking sent me over the edge. Circling the lot for 15 minutes isn't exactly a promising way to get into a workout mindset. It's more of an erratic, "I'll kill you for that spot" mindset. Not conductive to a healthy lifestyle. Bottom line:  I was fed up.  People who go here think its THE gym to go to, but in reality they're being severely ripped off.   Don't fall into the trap.
1	Classic gym scammersI have been at this gym for over a year and a half and the place was either too crowded or gym equipment was broken. So I started working out on my own and decided to cancel my membership. Went online and cancelled it. The website told me that my last day to go into the gym was Feb. 13th and that they were sad to see me go. Feb. 15th comes around and there is a $29.99 bill on my bank statement from them. I call and get a good amount of attitude from the women that I talked to but she finally agrees to cancel my account but would not refund my $29.99. March 15th comes around and lo and behold there is another $29.99 change from these scam artists. Called again and now they are telling me that I have to come in and cancel in person. WOW!!!!!!!! Please do not ever give them your bank account number as they will lie to you just to make another $29.99 off you. Or $59.98 as is in my case.Letting the Better Business Bureau now about this as well.
4	I now call this gym 'home.' I am very fusy about my gyms, and the staff here is very friendly, other patrons seem friendly and they have a wide selection of equipment that isn't overwhelming. The Good:-Selection of equipment (both cardio and weights)-Pool-Several Showers-Spa in the respective locker rooms (not co-ed)-Several Group classes and various times throughout the week-Several trainers (if you want one)-Basketball court-Reasonable price-Several areas for stretching and mat workThe Bad:-Pool heater has gone out a few times and it takes a couple of days to get it fixed-Sorry, but the old people (retirees) invade the gym in the morning hours, they tend to take longer on the machines-Training sessions are expensiveOverall, I think it is hard to find the perfect gym, but you should select one that has a variety of equipment that allows you to have the flexibility to change your routine; but more importantly, you need a place where you feel comfortable. No matter how stupid I look trying something new, I have never felt uncomfortable or like other people were criticizing me...which is why I now call this gym 'home.'
2	I would recommend many other gyms over this one.Aside from a few passionate (and really great) spin instructors, the classes are average at best.  There are two good trainers that I have worked with who are extremely knowledgable.  Otherwise it sounds like a majority of the trainers aren't certified and are just "fit" people.The front desk staff is a joke.  I hate to be so abrasive, but I am pretty sure the requirements to work the front desk are having a pulse and the ability to swipe a key fob.  Aside from a majority of them having terrible personalities, they totally lack basic manners and customer service skills. I could include a long list, but my most recent experience was that I called a handful of times to cancel my membership.  Each time I was aksed to leave my contact information. Following no returned calls I explained to the front desk girl my frustration and her response was "well, you will just have to keep calling.  It is not like they can drop what they are doing and talk to you about your membership."  Really?  Because when I wanted to join a year ago I received 11 phone calls in one week.  (Yep, that is 1.57 times per day they had enough time to drop everything and call me when they wanted my business.)The gym is generally clean.  There are always a decent number of cardio machines that are flagged as down for maintenance.  Best time of day to go is the morning.  People mind their own business and get a solid workout in.  Later in the day you have a crowd made up of a majority of people showing way too much skin, looking to take someone home or blowing kissing in the mirror to themselves as they do bicep curls.
4	Just signed up here...Classic gym but close to home. So I don't mind. There's a good variety of classes, spinning, and a basketball court for all those actives out there. Ya it's pretty busy, but any gym is between 5-8pm. If you go after 7pm you'll have ample amount of space. Great place to get your sweat on, just make sure you see Curtis if you want to get signed up this year. He's a chill guy and no pressure at all. Thanks Curtis!
2	I can't quite put my finger on it but there is something about this LA Fitness I don't like. Maybe it's the lack of windows? The drab florescent lighting? The fact that everything is just kinda there, thrown together in one room? I don't know. What I do know is that it's depressing. I went on the elliptical machine once and it just made me sad. The only reason I go here is for some of the group fitness classes and because it's close to where I work. And that's only when I can't get to the Scottsdale Rd location in time.I guess I expected more because of the location. It's a nice area and close enough to North Scottsdale that I thought it would be a little nicer just to compete with the other clubs in the area. They should just tear this location down and start over. Blech.
4	I used to go here all the time when I lived closer. Now, I go as often as I'm in the area because it's one of my favorite LA Fitness locations. They've got a full basketball court, swimming pool w/ lanes, spinning room, and activity room with punching bags. There is a decent number of cardio machines, free weights and exercises equipment. Even during the peak hours right after work, I've found it's pretty easy to navigate a good workout. Compare it to the craziness at the Scottsdale/McDowell location, this one wins hands down with generally friendlier patrons too.Don't let them push you around with sign-up fees. Wait until the end of the month to take advantage of the sales desperation and deals!"Training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
2	It would be nice to get a friendly greeting or any verbal interaction with the folks at the front desk when you arrive.
1	This gym is the worst I've ever been to, but it's really close and I like the franchise because I travel.  Their hours suck-open at 8AM on Saturday?  Really? Their music is often so loud you can hear it over your own headphones, it has a bad odor, the cardio deck has a 30 minute run limit on all machines - you can't set the work-out time more than that - JOKE!  And the staff is rude.
4	Large facility, clean and well organized. a day pass for 15. excellent option with good availability
3	Another gym I tried out as a guest. Usually guest passes are $15, but the worker couldn't get the computer to process the card payment, so she just let me go in. I liked the gym enough, but since I have a membership at Lifetime and my boyfriend also belongs to Gold's where guests are free, I can't see paying just to work out at the same time.Lots of cardio machine options, a good weights section and a pool. The locker rooms looked pretty nice. This gym is a great option. My boyfriend goes here because they have certain weight equipment he likes and when he was single he said it was always full of good looking women, but single ladies, the tide has shifted. I went on a weeknight after work (6ish-8ish) and it was all good looking mid-20s-30s guys!
4	Within the last 4 or 5 months this location got a facelift and it looks good/fresh. When I'm not on the mat, I love me some LA Fitness.  Close to home and work so it's always convenient :) I wish their classes were a little more hardcore than they are.... Location is suberb as I can always make it there from both work and home very convienantly.
1	Their business sense and customer service the worst, bar none.  Tried to cancel by phone, nope, must come in.  Go in person, sorry the person who does the cancelations is not in now.  As someone who needs to cancel because I business travel too much and haven't the time now doesn't have the time to cancel.  So I tell the guy at the desk my situation and he agrees they make it hard so you can't cancel your membership.  I tell him I will have to stop my credit card from putting through monthly charges (I have a month to month membership) and he says "Yeah thats the best way sometimes).  So now months later I am getting harassing calls and they sent my account to a collection agency.  Wish I could do more than write a bad review because the way they do business is down right unethical and maddening.
3	LA Fitness has been my gym for years.  As someone who previously avoided the gym (while paying for a membership), it now amazes me how consistent my exercise regime is.  I primarily run and use LA Fitness as my track when I can't (or won't) run outside (hello Arizona summers).  We originally joined in Chicago, where the gyms were much more modern and the equipment was nicer.  That being said, I can almost always get a treadmill and don't get evil eyes when I run much much longer than the 20 minute suggested limit.  I only use the weights about 2-3 times a month (at most), but they seem to be ok.  Nothing great, but you get what you pay for in a pretty cheap yearly membership.  Recently, our hot water broke for a couple of days and I had to shower at the gym.  It was a surprisingly decent experience - though I wouldn't necessarily recommend it unless you are in a pinch.
3	This is the best inexpensive $25/month membership you can buy in town. I enjoy the basketball at this location. The equipment needs repaired at times, but they are good about fixing it quickly. Cleaning staff is always on top of things. Locker rooms are average but does the trick, and the free weights and cardio machines are usually available for the most part.
3	I have been going to LA Fitness for years, mostly because of how convenient the location has been. Overall, it does the job for how cheap it is. Plenty of cardio machines, but not as nice compared to other places with individual tvs/speakers for personal viewing. I try to avoid going after work as it is extremely packed. Although there are a fair share of men that make you feel uncomfortable (once I had to complain to management because a man kept rolling medicine balls at me while I was trying to stretch).The cleaning staff stays on top of it, even cleaned my treadmill once while I was running! The locker rooms are average but I do not feel comfortable using the showers and getting ready (as I would at Mountainside that offers towels and is a bit more clean!). They are usually good about fixing the machines that break in a timely manner, but the small lockers for keys are ALWAYS broke, the locks do not work  (they have construction paper covering them as of now). The juice bar has been better now that it has new management, but somehow every time I want to grab a shake they are not there. There was a recent remodel, but basically just some new carpet and a few new machines. The basketball court has been what has kept me there, but now that I have moved I probably will start looking for a new gym.
3	This LA Fitness location was ok.  It lacks space for more equipment and it doesn't have racquetball courts.  If you go on peak hours it's very busy since the location is the only location around north Scottsdale.  Locker rooms are very nice, but some of the doors to the lockers are very worn out and need to be replaced.  For $24/month I guess you can't beat the emenities.
1	This gym used to be good. However, even its recent facelift cannot help the poor customer service, and general lack of commitment to the members. The free weight area is always a mess and more than likely, a significant amount of the cardio equipment and excercise machines will not be working. The new girl at the front desk is extremely young and while always maintains her fake smile, refuses to and knowledge that the customer is always right. I highly recommend you try Clubs SAR or Mountain Side fitness.
1	I want to give some much needed feedback to LA fitness's corporate office in regards to a drastic change at the club located on 7365 N. VIA PASEO DEL SUR SCOTTSDALE,  AZ  85258.Recently, a large area of the gym which was commonly used by countless paying members was roped off and plastered with signs restricting it's use to trainers and their "pro results" clients only.  This is the largest area of the gym that was used for stretching and floor exercises.  This location has always been extremely busy and any floor area is valuable.  With this change, the gym has been further constricted for the benefit of few and at an added risk of injury to the majority of members due to the closer proximity we're restricted to exercise in. I'm not quite sure what prompted the drastic change to the location and the creation of a "second" class of membership to the gym that touts it's community feel; I certainly don't feel like a part of a community.  When I asked the sales manager, Griffin, about the change he said, "it was directed by corporate" and he didn't have any skin in the game in regards to the change. I hope you'll reevaluate this location's change, or like they say I believe members will vote with their wallet and leave to greener pastures.
2	This gym is getting ridiculous. I've been a member for years, and although the locations are convenient for my schedule, I am in desperate need of a new gym. This particular location is one of the smallest I have seen, just went through a renovation which is unnoticeable, and is more disappointing every time.  I recently started to get ready here, the showers seem to constantly be dirty. The small lockers that hold keys and other items are constantly broke, which they repeatedly apologize for and promise they will be fixed. Most recently, they roped off a large open area for personal training use only. Let's be honest, this gym is not known for the training. So not only is the gym small to begin with, but now they took away a third of the space (which I have seen one training session so far in the four weeks since they have roped it off). They also added a new boot camp that is held on the basketball court, from 5 PM to 7 PM when most everyone plays. The camp usually holds 2-5 people. This is eliminating a service that is paid for.  That should be considered a class and should be held in one of the rooms provided for classes.  The cardio equipment is always broke, the treadmills stop periodically and turn off during a workout. Lastly, unlike most of the new or renovated LA fitness gyms, none of the machines have televisions. I have been a fan and have continued to promote the gym until now, and will be searching for something else.
1	I just joined this gym and I joined mostly for the group fitness classes. The spin class would have been ok but the instructor talked the entire time. So don't plan on getting into a song for motivation.My second attempt was the body works class but the instructor could not stay on beat which led to the entire class being off. It was quite frustrating and a bit comical to watch. Also tbe instructor changed from shoulders to squats and back so much it was frustrating because I had to keep changing weights. I suggest getting a pass to try the place out before you join.  I wish I had.
2	This is the LA Fitness I unfortunately decided to sign up for a little over a month ago. However, what I'm about to say goes for multiple locations, from Tucson to Phoenix. I used to be a member a few years ago in Tucson and for some reason I decided to go back there last month to become a member again. Huge mistake. Both times the registration process was painful. I believe all they care about is not your fitness or well being, but how much money you have in your pocket. They try their absolute hardest to sell you on their most expensive membership. Those initiation fees are ridiculous. Not only does the registration part suck, so does their atmosphere. Maybe it has to do with the fact that it's in Scottsdale, but even the location in Tucson gave me a weird vibe. I constantly feel judged walking around that place.Basically, I'm about to cancel my membership and head over to You Fit. You should do the same.
3	The equipment is well maintained and the place is always clean. The downside is a general lack of choices in the area so it's always crowded and it's often impossible to get a treadmill and have a routine on machines. I don't have a lot of time and this poses a bit of a problem. It's a good gym, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to a friend.
2	Went in with a friend who is a member here to try out a yoga class. Both of us are AD Military, and I signed up for the guest pass online. Guest passes are for state residents ONLY, and the manager would not make any exceptions to this, even though we had our military ID's with us. He insisted they don't allow it, even though on a previous day, another employee stated it would be fine. He then, behind the American flag hanging, said we could pay $15 for the day, or $35 for the month- I left my information and went to class, because it was starting soon.The yoga class was mis-advertised. It was a very beginner level class, with bright lights, and members slamming medicine balls against the wall connected to the studio space. During savasana, the lights turned on, and that was just bad luck.Though the facilities looked clean, well kept, and well lit (which is why there are two starts here), the management was pretty unreasonable, argumentative, and not accommodating. That being said: other gyms in the Scottsdale area have had no problems saying "yes we only offer guest passes to AZ residents, however they would allow us to work out for the day and report back. Pretty unsatisfied.
2	This gym was decent before they closed off an area and reserved it for personal trainers. I used to like using the ropes in this area since they are hard to find at other clubs. When I asked the girl in the front when they started this, she tried to make me feel dumb and said it has been that way since she started working there. The other girl giggled and said that she had only been working there for 2 weeks. Good way to start a new job! Start by belittling your customers...
1	When is it enough for these people. Had a membership and hated it. Told this to management last time i visited. After that i have received dozens of calls to re enroll for another year. After telling them about my experiences they did not stop calling but regrouped and intensified. I finally had to "lose it" over the phone with one of their sales persons. YOu do not fix your problems buy bringing more members and than disappointing them!!!! Take care of ones that are already members and they will bring you new ones if you are good to them!!!!
3	The gym is a little big for my liking, but is well maintained with a friendly staff
1	Why would I want to join a club that doesn't offer me their wifi password, and in fact, charges for it?  I would not, and I won't be back. Seriously, get with the new millennium.
