5	My new favorite local pizza joint! I LOVE that Oliveo stays open so late (until 3:30am Mon-Sat, and 1:30am on Sundays) and the late-night specials are great. Low prices, awesome hours, and great food-- I couldn't ask for anything more!
2	So I really enjoy the Oliveo Grill. So when I looked on their website and they weer pushing their new store Oliveo Pizza I decided I should try it out. I used a promotional coupon for 1 14in pizza with 2 toppings, garlic bread sticks and 8 wings for 13.99.The guy on the phone was very nice, so I was happy, customer service is not something that a restaurant should ignore. Especially not when they're new. So I'm glad to say that the customer service is great.So here is the rundown:Pizza:-sauce was marinara (I wanted white but they wouldn't do it for the coupon) and was pretty bland, it's on the sweet side-crust is tasteless, not bad and not good, on the soft side-the chicken was great and spicy-the onion was too thin but not bad at allGrade: C- , it wasn't bad it just wasn't, you know, good. Wings:-crispy, just like I like them! (I requested extra crispy and I got my wish!)-there was no extra sauce in the bottom of the container, and I generally want some to roll my wings in before eating- the amount of sauce on the wings was fairly thin, which may be because they bake the wings to finish and it probably cooks off-I ordered sweet and spicy and the sauce is really just sweet, the spice is super mildGrade: B-, they have a lot of potential to be great, but they really need more sauce.Bread sticks:-flavorless, just a smattering of flavor on the top (they dust them in some kind of Italian spice mix) -thick, soft and crispy around the edges, pretty good-marinara was barely above lukewarm when it got to my placeGrade: C+, because they are just bread sticks and the only way to make them really great is how much butter/Italian spice is on them, they were fairly disappointing. However, if they stepped up the spice they would be great because the bread really is cooked perfectly.  Overall Grade: C+Overall Thoughts: This place has a serious potential to be good because they already have great customer service and they KNOW how to cook things, it's just the 'finishing' of the food that really drops their grade. I also like that they deliver late.I'd be willing to try again in a month or two to see if things have changed. :)
4	Oliveo Pizza left a menu on my door a couple weeks back and I figured why not try somewhere new. I'm glad I did. I cannot comment on the restaurant itself since I haven't set foot inside, but I can say the pizza is great. All the ingredients tasted fresh. The price isn't anymore than you'd pay at any decent pizza place, and the taste is well worth its value. The Greek salad we ordered with the pizza was also quite good. The late night delivery is also a big bonus to this place. Oliveo also has late night specials. Where was this place when I was going to ASU? Oliveo does charge a few dollars for delivery, but the delivery range is massive compared to most places in the area (they go way farther than the typical 2 to 3 mile zone). The menu is loaded with several specialty pizzas that all sound interesting. I will definitely order up from Oliveo again and give one of those a try!
4	Real Frikkin Pizza, Just delicious!!! fast friendly and at a great price . It's down the street and they deliver. nice to have a REAL pizza joint nearby
5	Gotta Love Oliveos!!!
5	I honestly love the Oliveos', their pizzas are so delicious, not too thing, not too thick. I totally love the Chicken Bruschetta and the Halloumi cheese pizzas, and the White Delight is my Favorite!!! I tried the pastas as well and they were so  enjoyable. My girlfriends & I go to the Greek place all the time and now we know where we are getting our pizzas as well. The hrs are convenient when I stay up late, not to forget the late night deals they have to offer. (:
5	Awesome customer service, deals, delivery time, pizza and wings! I found Oliveo on here hoping to find a place that was different from the pizza chains that we usually order from.First of all when I called I couldn't believe how quiet the background was when I was placing my order. Usually I prefer to order online because of the noise on the other end of the phone. Secondly, the guy who took my order was very nice. He said about 35-45 minutes. I think it took about 35 minutes for the pizza's and wings to get here. The delivery guy was very nice and wasn't into the usual chit-chat that other delivery guys seem to do. He had a job to do and he did it well. I hate when I am starving and the guy wants to talk.The pizza's looked and smelled awesome - and tasted even better. I ordered the wings well done and they were PERFECT! If I could ding them on one teeny thing it would be the ranch dressing. We got plenty of it but I like the creamy ranch, not the glossy kind. That probably doesn't make sense to some, but I know the difference. It was still very good though, it's just a preference.If you are looking for some really, really good pizza and wings - this is the place! Give it a try, you'll be back. Well, at least I know we will be back. :)
5	Finally had oliveo pizza and I am so happy to say that it is my new favorite pizza. I have always been a fan of oliveo grill and was curious to see how there new pizza place would be. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and a large greek pizza. Both were awesome. Great sauce great crust and best of all it wasnt a grease bath. And my favorite thing about oliveo pizza  is they have greek fries! If you havnt had them your missing out.
5	The Vegetarian Sub has got to be one of my favorites. It has the perfect amount of eggplant and avocados, I personally like to add garlic which gives it a little extra taste. The bun itself is delicious, imagine adding all these toppings inside of it. The customer service is wonderful, they grant all my wishes :))) Just talking about it, makes me want some!!!
5	It's late, I've had a very pleasant evening, and I find myself with pre-bedtime munchies. I'd cleaned my kitchen earlier and am loathe to fill my sink with more dishes, so after commiserating with a buddy about an acute lack of late night Thai in my neighborhood I search Yelp for places still open when Oliveo's Pizza pops up. Generally favourable reviews, so who am I to deny myself a potentially tasty late-night pie?I'm happy to see that I can order online, so I pull up their clunky but overall serviceable interface and toss in an order for a pizza and some root beer within a few minutes. Also, no ridiculous fees for pithy shit like ordering online or using a credit card  like the ones Gus's tacks on to their bill. A big plus. One oddity, the quoted delivery time is nearly two hours away, but when I get my confirmation email it seems that their whole system is an hour ahead so I don't have to hold back the munchie demons until damn near 3am. Quirky, but nothing wrong.So here I sit, waiting for my pizza, I'll write the rest of the review after it shows up and gets in mah belleh.Well then. Color me pleased, the pizza showed up earlier than expected and is incredibly tasty. I especially love the crust, not enough places do it right. So now I have a late night pizza joint, I'm calling this a big win all around.
1	Terrible. I probably shoulda known better than to order pasta from a greek place, but this is just false advertising and horrible cookery. The "chicken alfredo pasta" contained neither sauce, nor seasoning, spices, salt - nadda. It was a bunch of shredded chicken placed over soggy pasta, covered with a huge layer of plastic-y mozzarella cheese. I'm sorry, but if you're not gonna give me classic alfredo sauce (which i was CRAVING), and instead you're gonna try to put a Greek spin on an Italian classic, at LEAST make it flavorful! And call it something else!!!You'd think they'd have gotten the Baklava right, at least - nope! Stale filo dough, a strange sour taste, and none of the sweetness or butteriness you'd expect. Absolute fail. Phoenician cafe is much better for baklava, and they don't make the mistake of trying to serve pasta. Lesson learned!
5	These Greeks sure know pizza! Their sauce is sweet and juicy. Best pie I've eaten in Tempe. And I eat a lot of pie.
5	this place is located right across the street from my apartment complex and after driving by it daily, my friend and i finally decided to give it a chance last night. We could not be more impressed. the pizza was delicious, the prices were affordable and we were even named their facebook fans of the week! Will definitely go back and recommend this place to others.
3	First off it was a tie between 3 stars and 4, but......I got a 12" pizza with gyro meat, feta, and onions. $5 dollar special, worth the price.Overall I thought the pizza was quite good. DEFINITELY not great or awesome. Better than Hungry Howies,  ehhhh, maybe a tie with the Little Caesars on Rural & Broadway(best little caesars). Not as good as Papa John's, but I think the crust & toppings was why. Crust seemed a little flat. It tasted really good and had lots of cheese, but the toppings were a little lacking, just not enough. And again, I don't know why it's so hard to evenly spread toppings! I mean come on. It only takes a few more seconds to nicely spread them instead of just throwing them on there.I will go back and maybe try one of the specialty pizzas and see how that goes.Wings, I don't know. Too expensive. Wings should be cheaper. There are places they are quite a bit cheaper and good.Hum.....about time time for some more pizza.
3	Yelping about a business as you eat their food, doesn't get any better.Call was answered promptly and the guy was very nice and efficient. 12" comes with chicken and onions, and an order of 8 wings.  I will preface this by stating that I am a pizza and wing connoisseur; so much so that my mom told me on several occasions that I'm going to start growing feathers soon.  DISCLAIMER:  I have no affiliations to any special interest groups of nearby competitors ;)I dive into the wings immediately ensuring the golden sauce was not forgotten, yes..the blue cheese. Check.  I greedily eat one of the wings after dunking it in the BC with the appropriate 180 oscillating revolutionary turn.  As I picked it up, it dripped like a faucet with a bad seal, that or as though someone walked by the container of BC and spilled some water in the mother container and they just mixed it in. Thus, the consistency was definitely amiss!  Taste was decent.  The wing flavor had an greasy like taste to it, not bad, but not great.  Hot sauce was not that hot, but I have a high tolerance for hot (BWW, Geno's and Tessios all much hotter).  Size was medium.  Cooked appropriately.  The pizza was decent.  as another viewer mentioned, it's about equivalent to Little Caesars, although, I think it's a little better.  I do like the crust.  It reheats well.  If it's late night, and no place was open, and I had my own THICK blue cheese, I would order again.  But other than that scenario, I won't be.  It will definitely fix the gluttonous tendencies of us evil consumers here in America, especially if you are drunk.  My recommendation to the owners is improve on the dressing, and make a hotter sauce.  Two simple adjustments that I think may keep more customers.
1	I have ordered oliveos pizza quite a bit in the past. The owner is a very cool person but the delivery staff is unbelievable. I ordered a pizza at 11pm and I called to ask eta at 12am and he said the driver had just left. He arrived at 1230am. When I asked the delivery driver... very politely... if the food was cold. He copped a very rude attitude. The total was 13.00 and I asked for 5 back. He once again was rude and didn't notice the 1 dollar i pulled out of my wallet to hand him (which is a very generous 3 dollar tip) I usually don't like to report bad service and this is my first posting on yelp but in my opinion the service is just as... if not more important than the food. I will be picking up from now on...
2	We've had a coupon for this place for a while and finally ordered a pizza from them. Coupon was for $11.99 large unlimited topping, but the guy on the phone kept quoting a higher price. It took a little clarification on my husbands part for the guy to understand that when your coupon says $11.99 then that's what you get your pizza for. So we ordered  a veggie pizza with extra cheese, minus olives and mushrooms as our friend was allergic. It was tasty, but not extraordinary. The only veggies I could visually see were green peppers, onions, and garlic. The crust was also a bit too thick and chewy, whereas I prefer a thinner crust with crispy edges. Not bad, but nothing amazing.
4	we had a friend over and although we were stuffed from the Devoured festival, he hadn't eaten. we had a coupon for Oliveo and thought, "hell, we can always eat pizza". i thought the pizza was good. with the unlimited toppings coupon, among others, i opted for extra mozzarella. the pizza was nice, gooey, and a tad salty, just how i like it. there weren't many other veggies on there, considering i ordered tomatoes, basil, peppers, pretty much every veggie option. overall, i thought the pizza was pretty good. i like crusts that are a little more crispy though.
2	I had wings and pizza delivered from here a couple months ago. The only thing I can really recall is that the wings were gross. Really disappointing. The pizza was at best OK and really needed more sauce. I would not order from here again.
4	12'' one-topping for $5 plus change. Thumbs up on price.Cheesy pizza with flavorful sauce and ample toppings. Thumbs up on the pizza.Thumbs down on seating (couple tables outside, a few bar stools inside)Thumbs down on location. It's in the same strip as an adult video store... c'mon, that's like sleaze central.If you're looking for great pizza at a great price and can get in and out quick, definitely check out Oliveo, just don't plan on sticking around too long.P.S. Usually the pizza is awesome, but I've had more than one visit here where I end up wondering 'who the hell made this and what were they making?' It looks like a pizza but sure doesn't taste like one. Overall though, the good experiences far outweigh the bad and you can't beat the price in all of Tempe.
1	I wish I could say that waiting over two hours for my pizza to get here only made it more delicious. But it didn't. As a matter of fact, when I finally got the pizza, the cheese was cold. Which was disheartening, since I did ask the driver if my pizza was still warm, and he said, "Well, it's not COLD."No, no it was definitely cold. But can I blame Oliveo Pizza for the fact that their drivers were never effectively taught the difference between hot and cold? Or should I have told him that when I say I live on Farmer Avenue it means I DON'T live on Ash Avenue? Poor kid. It's okay, though, I left him a tip just in case he might want to use it to go to school one day. Although, I am not one who enjoys receiving the short end of the stick. After all, I did eventually give up on the pizza coming at all and just ordered something from Dominoes. And I'd like to say that ordering two pizzas in one night isn't exactly ladylike behavior.So, after talking to a manager over the phone, he agreed to give me a free pizza. You know, a hot one. If it could ever find it's way to my house.But just as the conversation was ending, he asked me if he could make a suggestion, which I was truly not interested in hearing. He suggested anyway, "MAYBE WHEN YOU ORDER A PIZZA YOU SHOULD STAY BY YOUR PHONE."So to all of you: Giving Oliveo your correct address and being patient isn't quite enough for a delivery driver to make it to your house.Hit me up if you want a free pizza from somewhere that doesn't appreciate customer satisfaction.
2	So i was starving and since im from California i decided to trust some yelp reviews... guess Arizona people have different taste buds... i ordered a canadian bacon and pineapple and some wings... it was very unsatisfying... I dont think i will be ordering from here again.  The crust was thin and floppy and the toppings were minimal... the wings were ok. at best but i have had way better almost everywhere.  I gave them 2 stars just cuz i felt like being nice... they are closer to 1.25...
2	Everything was just kind of average, so I was a bit disappointed because a lot of the reviews say the place is stellar (maybe Joe W. is right, I'm not from AZ either, so maybe AZ people just have different taste). The white deluxe had barely any of the toppings I asked for (I asked for halloumi and feta and pepperoni) and was just kind of soggy and bland. My brother's pizza on the other hand was pretty good. The whole pizza was still that weird kind of soggy that stale things get, but the pizza had plenty of toppings and they all tasted good. The greek fries were really good. I would probably not put the seasoning (the basil or whatever) on myself, but the cheese and lemon stuff was good and the fries themselves had a great flavor and a good texture. They were a bit greasy, and I was surprised (but not upset) that the lemon was on the side.As a big mozz stick fan I was a little disappointed. Everything had a decent flavor, but the texture was soggy and the cheese wasn't melted or anything. What it reminded me of was store-bought mozz sticks put in the microwave not quite long enough for them to be fully cooked, and they definitely weren't worth the purchase.I enjoyed the wings (as much as I can enjoy bone-in wings). They had a decent flavor and the skin had a nice crisp texture.I was surpised that everyone was saying it was cheap. Maybe it's because I tend to like my pizzas to have a lot of toppings, but I can usually get a much better price at dominos for a much better pizza. For people who like/need a lot of pizza more than they care about taste this place would be great, their small is the size of a domino's medium (so basically their sizes are medium, large, and extra large), and it looks like you can probably get a good deal if you don't want a lot of toppings.Personally, I don't think it was any worse than like papa johns or pizza hut, but I can be a bit of a food snob.
5	Ordered from here a number of times.  And the food and service has been GREAT every time!  The wings are great and even better if you ask for extra crispy!Definitely recommend.
1	Was very sorry that my first (and last) experience with this business was so bad.  Although somewhat amusing!  Summary: Pizza driver baked more than Pizza was!  Pizza delivered 2 hours late!My friend and I were staying up late Sunday night so we could catch up as she was visting from out of town.  She suggested pizza so everyone else being closed at 11 p.m., I decided to try Oliveo's as I had a flyer from them....So at 11:15 p.m. we ordered our pizza.  They told us it would be 45 minutes, a standard amount of time for a delivery.We were pretty hungry, but we also hadn't seen each other for a long time and got engrossed in conversation.  So about 12:30 we both realize that the pizza hasn't gotten there yet.  So at 12:35, according to my phone, I called Oliveo's to find out what was going on.  I got a pretty grumpy person who informed me they were short staffed with only two people and that my pizza was on its way but he couldn't really tell me when I would get it.About 12:37, the driver, who sounded pretty stoned in my opinion, called and told me he was sorry to inform me that my pizza was going to be 15 minutes late.  So i said drive safely, but we are starving!  He told me that there was one house ahead of mine and explained they only had two people working and they had "run out of pizza".  WTF, LOL... he he the pizza place RAN OUT OF PIZZA... lol... that cracked us up.About 1:30 a.m.  he finally arrived and gave us a cold pizza and our pasta we ordered.  So the order was "only" two hours late.  After he left my friend and I burst out laughing our **sses off because the driver WAS FULLY BAKED.  No, really his EYES were like LARGER than his head.  We hadn't seen any one that stoned for quite some time, ourselves having changed our own wild ways some time back....The pizza was cold but tasty and the pasta was rather tasty too, but in all honesty I can never order from this place again, sadly.  2 hours late is WAY too late, the first guy I talked to on the phone was short with me and unpolite, the stoned driver was very easy going (lol) but no one offered us any rebate of cost or coupons or anything to make up for this extraordinarily bad customer service.  I would generalyl call the place during the day to talk to them about it, but we were busy having one last little bit of time together before i took her to the airport and now my work week started, so sorry to yelp you without calling you Oliveo's, but really, in my opinion this was so poor that I feel fine about not really giving you prior warning of my poor review.  Also how can you "run out of pizza"... (still lmao!)
4	This place has got the specials!!! and their supreme is on point. crust is fluffy, and the staff has got 'tude, which is essential in order to be a new york style pizzeria. great place for pizza!
2	This pizza is ok if you're super hungry, but if you have the time and energy to get better pizza, I would recommend it. I remember eating this and being really underwhelmed, but it wasn't the end of the world. If you want cheap decent pizza, go to Hungry Howie's on Hayden & Thomas.
1	Well ordered a pizza from here just a simple 2 topping with some wings.  They said it would be 30-45 min. After an hour went by they finally showed up, driver said they had forgot the wings, pizza was not hot anymore and delivery driver made me tip him by claiming he only had a certain amount of change.  A very mediocre pizza place that would never recommend or ever order from or eat at again.
2	So this place use to be awesome. Well at least I remember it being awesome. I remember the pizza was better and I remember the Greek fries were hella awesome. It's not so awesome anymore. I had the fries recently and they kind sucked, I was super disappointed. It was too cheesy, the dressing that it comes with didn't have the flavor it had. The fries left me feeling wanting. And to think, I used a cheat day on those fries makes me feel worse lol.
4	The pizza here isn't great, but compared to other "cheap" pizza places it's pretty tasty. I mean  the crust, cheese, sauce, and toppings actually taste like those things, which might sound like a no-brainer, but with real cheap pizza you never know what it's gonna taste like. I've always gotten the two 14'' pizza deal w/two toppings (on each pizza) for $16 (it actually used to be $14.99) with my family. That's a pretty good deal IMO (and like I said, the pizza is actually pretty good). I will say, I thought it was odd the last time I ordered from here I was quoted a price that seemed high to me over the phone. I mentioned it when I went in to pick up & was told you had to mention over the phone when ordering the "deal." I mean, they gave it to me, but still thought it was odd I had to mention it. All in all, this place has pretty solid cheap pizza. I also believe they serve by the slice even tough it's not on display (maybe at certain times it is), and I noticed when you check on on foursquare you can get a free slice w/purchase. Cool beans.  Oliveo does have some seating, but not much so carryout or delivery are your best options.
2	We ordered here for only the 2nd time last night and sorry to say it will be our last time.My girlfriend ordered a pizza, salad and a brick of burnt wheat they tried to pass off as bread-sticks.The pizza and salad were okay, not bad, but not great. The bread-sticks on the other hand were bad. We are not the ones to complain often but the experience after we discovered the burnt brick is what gets this review.I call Oliveo after we realized that we were not going to be enjoying our bread-sticks to see if we can get another order, I was willing to pick it up if that were an option to save them from making another 0.8 mile drive to our place, but no.The first guy put me on hold for 3mins and proceeded to put me on with a manager that barely spoke English and had the nerve to tell me they make the bread in the morning(its 6:30pm) and that that is how it comes out, there was nothing he could do....Never once said sorry or even attempted to make it right. I could tell he was uneasy on the phone and didn't know what to do, so I can only assume he was not a manager or just didn't care, before he could continue to stumble his words to give me more reasons why I paid for bullshi*, I just told him its all good and I'll just take my business elsewhere.What really sucks is that we moved here from Chicago and are trying to support local businesses in our area but crappy service like this is why people here are stuck on chains, maybe we were better off ordering Papa John's.
3	The pizza isn't the best, the crust was the real winner.  I was able to sample both the pepperoni and chicken bruschetta pizzas - I think the pepperoni was the winner.  The chicken bruschetta has almost too many toppings, making it difficult to eat without a knife and fork.  The crust on the pepperoni pizza was light, crisp, and tasted very fresh.
5	Great pizza and wings, awesome salads too! I get delivery 2 times a week and the delivery is always fast and the food is hot!
4	Not great but your best option in the area, And cheap.This place has really grown on me after sampling the many crappy options in the area.It has not blown me away. But the ingredients seem pretty good.If there was a Venezia's Or Barros in Delivery Range - it would be a different story.
2	Welp, get ready to regret your choice a few hours later when you have a stomach ache.This place is definitely in the category of "fast food pizza." Nothing more and anything less is probably literally inedible.I used to work at a pizza joint that made pies that tasted exactly like these; thinking they're one of many who get their ingredients from a certain large distributor. That said, the cheese is tasteless (if you make the mistake of ordering here, take some off and taste it- definitely not worth the calorie investment!), the toppings are low quality (ground meat posing as gyro meat? Tiny specks of goat cheese passing as a fully-topped pizza?), and the pizza is greasy to boot.I don't care if you're too poor to order elsewhere, go to the store and buy ingredients to make a pizza at home before going this route. Unless you're piss drunk or a masochist, you'll thank me.At least the staff is nice, I guess.
1	I usually love Oliveo. I've been eating from Oliveo Grill for years now. But I ordered my pizza over an hour ago and I am still waiting for it. It better not be cold...Edit: They said they were on their way 15 minutes ago.Edit: Got the pizza, it was cold. They won't give us our money back.
1	Well, here I am trying to write a review for a pizza THAT STILL ISN'T HERE. Ordered it 90 minutes ago. Calls to the place for the last 45 minutes have received a "it's on its way" remark. I'd LOVE a phone call from the owner giving me a reason to give their business a second chance.You know where I live, because you left your door hangers on my property as if to say, "Here! *you* throw this away instead!"EDIT- THE PIZZA IS HERE! and it's cold.
4	Four reasons for four stars:1. The staff: Great group of guys (and gals) that are friendly, down to earth, genuine people when they help you. They're not fake friendly either!2. Open til 3am. After late nights at work it's the perfect RELIABLE spot. Not to mention 2:45 after the bars. Just make sure to tip when you stumble in at 2:45, remember they put up with you every time.3. The chicken pesto sandwich is amazing! Enough said.4. They have coupons / deals everyday, you hardly ever have to pay full price but always get 110% quality.Will get five stars when I find a fifth reason
2	Got the Deluxe pizza and a meatball sub.  The sub is not what is pictured on their website.  They do not put whole meatballs in the sub instead you get 2 1/3 meatballs.  2 very small meatballs are sliced in half and a tiny slice of another to fill the long toasted hot dog bun like "sub" .  My husband just picked up the $6 sandwich and said wow that is one tiny little sub.  Ya it was!  Wow not even subway would jack you like that.  The bread had turned into a paste like substance just like a hot dog bun soaked in water.  Ate the meatballs that were not very tasty at all and threw out the rest.  The deluxe pizza was good though.  Not the best dough but we are not really into fattening dough anyway.  I actually liked the pizza better than pizza hut but they get 2 stars cuz the quality of the rest of the order was pretty cheap and awful.
4	I really like this place! Hours are GREAT for late night food and the prices are reasonable. The wings are really good, the pasta is a ridiculously large portion, the pizzas are decent and the greek fries are awesome. I wish the pasta had a little more complex flavor, but it is really good &, like I said, generous portions! (about two meals worth each). The pizza can go either way for me, but one thing worth ordering if you like spicy is the Sriacha pizza!!!! It was freakin' amazing! Just enough Sriacha, but not so much it makes you cringe...a great balance. I would probably order it without green pepper next time 'cause it really doesn't add to it for me. I really like this place & it's definitely worth a try! (Not really a sit-down type place, more of a delivery storefront)
5	My favorite pizza place. Food is great and priced well. I have eaten here hundreds of times in last few years. The owners are really cool and when around will usually chat with you. Very small place so only a small bar inside and few tables outside but still nice to sit and eat if not too busy and weather is nice. Do not get here as often anymore since I live across town but will make a special trip over when I can.
2	Pizza, hot wings and greek fries are really good but when I tried there sandwiches 3 of my friends and I had to use the restroom 30 min later.I like to sit in and there 1 and only table and chairs are unbalanced hard and cold. the worst is when you go when the AA meetings are taking place next door and your eating and the people are freaking smoking. the 2nd hand smoke really makes you lose your appetite and make you sick. I would love to go when I want but seems like you have to drive by it to see if its okay to eat there. If it wasn't for the AA meetings and raggidy chairs and table it would be perfect but until then cant give it good props.
5	Soooooo this is literally the best pizza place we have come to find. And let me tell you why: first off their pizza is actually fresh and not used with shi*** ingredients. When you taste the pizza you can tell the mozzarella is super fresh and I think it's a delightful change. I will only order pizza from Oliveo because not only are they delicious but because they are very reasonably priced also. I can get a large pizza for under $10 and that's awesome especially for the high quality of pizza they make. Another plus about Oliveo is that they are open super late so you're able to eat something delicious when you've had a good night out.. When you go into Oliveo you can see for yourself they make everything there on the spot which is another thing we love. So yes, this is excellent pizza!!!! My whole household loves Oliveo, our neighbors, and our complex! So bam! Best fu***** pizza ever.
4	Always bringing it. I order here usually and there's a few reasons. Friendly staff, good pizza, on time, right price. Simple. Long past due for this hats off review to oliveo pizza. Sincerely,The fluffy crust guy.
4	Great hours, straight forward staff, no frills store front, rich & tasty pizzas.I am not a fan of the crust, my personal interest, so "Yay, I'm a fan" is my subjective Rating.(I have not ordered "Delivery" for 15 years; I always show up 5-10 min early, check the places out, and walk away with Steaming Pizza!)
4	I have been frequenting Oliveo Pizza since I started college--I graduated three years ago, and am still a loyal customer! There's a reason they don't get five stars, only four...but we will get to that.First, the food is amaaaziiiing! The Greek Fries are (almost) literally orgasmic! I always order extra lemon sauce. Seriously, it's the best.Second, they deliver. Sometimes it takes a while, but who cares? They're open until 2:00 am. Or do take-out. I never eat on location because there's only two tables outside and two chairs inside.Third, I'd like to give a shout-out to Ryan. When he wasn't the one delivering my food or taking my order, I'd get disappointed. Ryan is on top of everything there and has never gotten my order wrong! Never!This being said, a lot of the other guys HAVE gotten my order wrong. I think this could be because they are high (they certainly act like it). Call me snobby, but sometimes I hang up if it's not Ryan.So...conclusion: go here, order from Ryan, get Greek Fries, take them home, enjoy your heavenly meal.
5	Love the pizza and the pricing is great. It's quick and easy for pick up. Delivery could be a little better but other than that I order from here all the time. It's good any time you need a quick meal to for dinner or a party. The Greek fries and wings are delicious and the food is always hot when you get it.
1	I would rate it zero because the manager is a terrible person. They delivered to the wrong apt and when I called they started scalding me over it. Horrible management which means they most likely spit in your food.
1	You know I was super excited to try this pizza, the reviews all say how amazing it is! But.... We tried to use our Discount Dining Dollars, and their pizza restaurant is on there. We ordered the coupons (Which by the way costs money!) And when we tried to use it, they first said they would honor it, we placed our order and was out the door to go pick it up, they called back within 10 mins. And said the Owner is refusing to honor it. So were bummed we didn't get to try it! I will say the gentleman that was on the phone was VERY nice and he sincerely felt bad. Not his fault that the owner refused to help.. to bad could have had life long business!
3	Great pizza and the crust is bomb! The mozzarella sticks suck but the marinara was amazing. The wings are really good too.
1	So this is solely based on the chick who answered the phone 10 mins ago on this date 11/2/2014. Let me preface by saying I love oliveos, and oliveos loves me hence the delivery guys that text me after they drop off my food (texts for proof)... However, tonight was a different story. I called and ordered a pizza and fries and the girl who answers goes "it will be 45 mins to an hour" I say "sweet. I literally live right across the street, that works, but if it's longer than an hour, I'll be passed out" she goes, "actually it will be an hour and a half" I go "ok, but if it's longer than that, I won't pay for it bc I will be asleep" then this girl just says "you know what!!! We can't serve you! Bye!" And hangs up. Can't wait for Hungry Howies that is way farther from you guys, but will still be here sooner and a way nicer/ accurate operator. LATE!
1	Average wait time for delivery is an unsympathetic hour, even around 2 in the afternoon. Their new website's ordering system charges you additional fees for usage. The pizza is decent, but it's not worth the headache.
1	Ordered pizza tonight and it had obviously slid around cheese all to one side and wing sauce in the pasta... Just a mess, they offered to correct this with another delivery they pick up the food when dropping off the new order. So far everything routine until the driver tried to tell me the management is upset that they had to replace my order and apparently my roommate had a similar issue last week. I would love to know how this is my problem or why they felt a need to express their disappointment about have to replace their mess up. I delivered food for a several years and I couldn't imagine talking to a customer like that. I've been ordering for 2 1/2 years and never had a problem before this. Don't really see a need to continue ordering from them.
2	Yuck. Terrible pizza. If I want bad cheap pizza, I'll go to Little Caesars. There is nothing special about this place, other than it makes pizza... Just like everyone else.
