5	I almost never write reviews and certainly not for airport restaurants. But, I was here last week while flying out of Phoenix and I was so impressed! Best huevos rancheros I have ever had. Hands down. I ordered it with the eggs over easy, the corn toritlla and added chorizo. It was amazing - savory, fresh, spicy but not hot. I would make a point of coming back to this place anytime I fly in or out of Phoenix.
3	Woo-hoo! First to review! Well, recently tried this place on my break and it wasn't bad. I'd give it more of a 3.5. I can only comment on the To Go food cause that's all I had time for. I had the carnitas burrito. And it was tasty and quite hefty, but I'd expect that at the prices their burritos are going for. At first taste, I found it a bit odd. I think maybe they buttered their tortillas cause there was a queer taste that I don't find from other burrito places. The filling was good; the pork was yummy and not dry or stringy. I'll probably go back and try more of their menu some time.
2	isn't there only one "L" in tequila ?????i usually make a point of avoiding airport food but astoundingly poor service from US AIRWAYS and we found ourselves stranded at SKY HARBOR long enough we couldn't avoid getting something in our tummies without risking the kids having a feed-me-now meltdown at thirty-eight thousand feet.walked by the nearly full seating area at BLANCO TACOS and TEQUILA and most of the plates looked enticing enough to give the place a try.ordered the SHORT RIB QUESADILLA and CHIPS and GUACAMOLE. the quesadilla was pretty much a greasy mess. the short ribs were grossly under seasoned and moist enough that the tortilla required a spoon and pile of napkins to eat and not in a good way.  the CHIPS were pretty standard like something from the snack aisle at the local mega-mart but the guacamole was actually pretty good.i was trying to accommodate the kid's appetites and suspect the food would have been better with a different menu choices. i guess if you go to a place called TACOS and TEQUILLA and have neither you gotta assume some of the responsibility for a less than stellar experience ...
3	3 stars for the seating/how busy it is really.  I came here over the weekend, waiting for my flight to board to head back to California.  I got here around 9:00AM with my boyfriend and we went to go find where our gate was to board.  We surveyed the area and found somewhere (close) to eat.  It was between this place or another place that served strictly just alcoholic drinks (it's 5:00 somewhere, right? haha!)So we chose this place, it was pretty crowded but it was only thw two of us so it wasn't that bad.  We were immediately seated  and our server came to our table within seconds.  The seating arrangement was different, maybe because it was a small place but we basically had a chance to choose where we would like to sit.. and we also shared tables with strangers.  My boyfriend got himself a beer, I forgot what it was called but it was a nice amber color.  I got a mixed drink called the Greyhound.  Mine was tasty, but probably not my favorite (I don't like vodka).. it had grapefruit juice so I enjoyed that part at least.We ordered a steak and egg burrito, which we had to split because our appetites was not big.  Around this tiny restaurant, we had tv all around us to watch.  Fortunately, we are huge sports fans so we enjoyed what was on tv!  Our steak and egg burrito came on two separate plates (instead of bringing an extra empty plate) they already split it for us, which was really nice.  The burrito sizes were pretty good!  Think of a Big Mac burger size.  They also come with a pico de gallo salsa, and home fried potatoes.  The potatoes were a little orange, and because of that I thought they were sweet potato fries.  They weren't, but I'm ok with that.Overall, the food was pretty good and the service was as good as the food.  A few things I did not like though was the size of the actual place, and because of that... workers with food trays, carts, etc. would have a hard time passing though the restaurant.  I would come here again if I had to leave from the Phoenix Airport and probably order the Huevos Rancheros
5	Let me tell you about my favorite new Mexican restaurant. They serve these amazing three cheese quesadillas that you can inhale in six minutes flat, with a beer, while you are rushing to catch your connecting flight at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport. And they also have this amazing free laptop shipping service for the patrons who leave their corporate laptops at the bar. Amazing food and shipping services. Thank you - to the unnamed bartender, Lauren, and Courtney from Blanco Tacos and Tequila.
5	Good tacos, good margaritas and sitting outside on a beautiful late fall day in Arizona...it doesn't get much better than that.  My parents really liked it.  They had plenty of taco combinations to satisfy all three of us including enough to make us want to come back, and an excellent margarita selection.  Plus, the wait staff was very friendly.  We had just hiked Squaw Peak, and our waitress recommended that we try hiking Camelback next time.
4	Service here is lukewarm.That being said, everything else is awesome for an airport eatery.  Serious!I was here for breakfast and the amount of food you are served for $9 is absolutely incredible.  I ordered the burrito with chorizo and eggs.  I didn't really want it burrito-style so they served it with the tortilla on the side.  Thanks!Two people should split this meal.  Massive heapings of eggs with chorizo along with a huge portion of home fried potatoes which were also very good and crunchy.I was seated alone at one of the "high" tables and low and behold, each table has multiple plug ins for your electronics.  I immediately plugged in my laptop and phone to get full charge prior to my flight.A tremendous value.  If you're with someone, split the meal.
4	Like most, I'm prepared for mediocre food in airports.  This place is not.  The food was really very good, the portions hefty, and there are outlets to plug in a laptop all around the outside to boot.I had the guacamole (made in house, not shipped in) and it was great.  It's often hard to get good guac at restaurants that aren't in airports, so I think that says a lot about this place.  I also had the tortilla soup, which had lots of shredded chicken, was a large size, and was very flavorful.I will be heading to this place every time I go through PHX from now on.
4	Holy guacamole! Who knew that you could get amazing tex mex in the airport? Blanco was a very pleasant surprise. We were starving and knew we'd need sustenance before a 6 hour flight to Hnl. The lure of tex mex and a smartly designed restaurant drew us in. All I can say is yum yum yum! The tacos were so delish. The machata pork was so soft it was melting in my mouth. The accompanying rice and beans were impeccably flavored. Chips and salsa were also delicious and not too greasy. Note though that they come at an extra $2. Solid 4 stars. Decent prices for authentic Mexican fare. Bonus points for great service and the fact that its in an airport!!!
4	So since that first burrito, I have been back a few times to try something new each time. And I have to say that the burritos haven't changed in taste or size lol. It's still yummy and still hefty enough to be shared. There was still a weird after taste but I found that it grew on me. The chicken burrito was yummy but I think I like the machaca burrito the best. Get a burrito with some salsa and some guac and I'm a happy girl.
1	So I was in a hurry to catch a plane so I got a breakfast burrito to go and sat down at the long bar like table in the center of the restaurant to eat it quickly. The hostess told me I had to leave and sit at some other restaurant because they were only full service. The other section was full so I stayed in my seat and continued to eat. She the started acting like a complete bitch and insisted I had to order something or leave. I ordered a glass of water and she said something about only making four dollars an hour... Tough shit bitch, if you have it so bad try joining the military and you can see what real suffering looks like. The food was ok but pretty overpriced. Nothing new in a airport. As for attitude and service this place can't get much lower.
5	Uh, I completely forgot we were in an airport while dining here!  Delicious! I had some of the best carnitas tacos and my husband's quesadilla was ridiculously tasty.  Service was awesome and quick.  Hell, I look forward to connecting through PHX again in the future!
4	Good food in the airport!
5	Yum!  That about sums it up!  They have a great happy hour too! Great patio, great location, great food, great prices!  Heading there now!
4	If only this place wasn't on the wrong side of security, I'd consider going over to the airport for dinner more often.  That's how good this place is.  Carnitas tacos are delicious, staff is friendly and prompt, and they have conveniently provided outlets all over the place for charging your devices while you wait for your flight.
5	Best nachos in an airport hands down! Also, if you're a wine drinker and you're with someone else, get the carafe of sangria 20 bucks for 4 glasses!! Great service too!!
2	I stopped in here because it was the only restaurant in the Delta terminal at the Phoenix airport that also had a bar. I started off with a bloody mary, which is my traditional drink either before or during a flight. They had a 'Hispanic twist' on theirs and I wasn't too big of a fan. Then, I ordered one of their regular classic margaritas. It was pretty good and much bigger than I expected. The food was all from the restaurant next door and was mostly tacos and burritos. I wasn't really in the mood for any of those, so I just ordered a side of chips with guacamole and salsa. They were pretty average - good enough to eat but nothing to write home about. If I am in that terminal again, I will probably eat at Wendy's and then get a drink at this bar.
3	carnitas burrito with cilantro, rice, black beans waa great!!!
2	The food is really good.  However the service is horrible.  While this is expected at an airport restaruant, this should not be the case since is is a FRC establishment.
3	Surprisingly good tex mex and a great atmosphere. The music is actually really good also.
4	Surprisingly, Phoenix Sky boasts some pretty solid food options!  Running on empty after a long day of work, and finally heading back home, I was excited at the possibility of some Mexican food before my flight back to the OC.  Usually I would never order a quesdilla from a Mexican restaurant (the idea being anything I can easily make myself is out of the question), but upon looking at the menu, I was immediately sold.  Melted Oaxaca, Asadero & Manchego Cheeses on a Crisp Flour Tortilla with Machaca?!  $9 for an airport version of this was right up my alley.  The food came out fast, and it was exactly what I hoped it would be. Solid.4 Stars
4	Actually, a little surprised at the food, given that it is an airport restaurant.  Also, they started serving lunch at 10am, which was good for me since I had already taken an early morning flight to get to Phoenix and had my share of breakfast.Had two tacos with ground beef on corn tortillas.  Could have had a little more more pico de gallo or salsa or something, but they were stuffed enough to fall out and I had to scoop up with my fork.The iced tea was brewed and also good.The tacos and the beverage was $14.48 before gratuity.Had both tables and shared high toppers.
4	Heading home. Sleep deprived and hungover.  Machaca and egg breakfast burrito was ridiculously good.  Feeling much better now :)
5	They were out of white peach/hibiscus margi :( We got the key lime margi per the waiters suggestion. It was fantastic! I got the Eggs & Bacon burrito... Nothing short of amazing. Friends got huevos rancheros and they loved it! Best airport food I've ever had, hands down!
5	Delicious and great atmosphere!  The shrimp tacos were amazing, yummy rice.
4	Great chorizo breakfast burrito.  Spend the extra couple of bucks to add avocado, and sour cream.
3	They have both a take out section (burritos/tacos/chips/simple salads) and a sit down section, which has a bigger mrenu. I ordered the shrimp salad. Crunchy textures and nicely cooked shrimp. Generous portion of salad. Cilantro lime vinaigrette had good flavor. But unfortunately, the dressing and shrimp were both too salty. Please cut down on the salt for your customers. I had to ask for three refills of water!
5	Best Airport Mexican Food Ever! Trust me.
4	The fast foods chains at the airport need to just shut down an go away. The breakfast burrito and tater-tots were fresh and DELISH! Then there was the service. Wow! A pleasant smile and great conversation. We were in and out in 15 minutes. Concourse A. Check it out.
5	Gate A! .... talk to your neighbors and enjoy yourself
4	One of the best airport burritos I have had.  It was quick and tasty (everything you might want from airport food).  I definitely will stop by next time I am passing through.
3	It's hard to find good food at any airport, but this one is different. The food was great, so 4 stars for that; but we got lousy service, so I have to take away one star. Guacamole was fresh and tasty. Entre was good too. Sangria was a bit too sweet for my taste. I don't know what problem the waitress had with us right from the beginning. She was showing a lot of attitude even as we placed our order. She brought out the guacamole herself, and said the nachos would follow. 5 minutes later we were still waiting for the nachos. The manager was passing by, and he noticed that we were trying to grab her attention; and he helped us himself. This repeated later as well.
5	Wow! I'm not a Yelper but sitting here at the Phoenix airport and feeling fortunate to have a long enough layover to enjoy a sit down breakfast before a long flight -- and get food far above my expectations. I wish all airport food and service was this good.
4	Wow! Sky Harbor has sure upgraded the food selection. I just had one of the best Chorizo, Egg and Cheese Breakfast Burrito's I have had in a long time. I got it from the to go window and it was fast and stuffed full with plenty of Chorizo, which typically gets skimped.
2	Bad experience here. Food was wayyyy over salted. Couldn't finish it. I had the Carnita and Chicken Burrito.
4	Excellent - especially for airport food. The carne asada tacos were great.
2	If the walk up window is closed they force you to order at the bar and charge you more. Not happy.
5	Some of the best mexican food I ever had and it was in an airport, imagine that.
3	Sitting here right now, service was fast & courteous. Don't order the house margarita unless you like a VERY limey margarita. I ordered tacos with corn tortillas & got flour. I ordered 2 pork tacos & got 1 pork & 1 beef. What???  That being said, the food is good.
2	I'm confused as to why this place has such a high rating.  What I ordered was the most tasteless burrito I have ever eaten in my life.  Not to mention the salsa was pretty bland as well.  The wait staff was awesome though! They smiled and they were really helpful. Part of the reason why I didn't complain about the food while at the restaurant.
1	OK, so I go to airport bars pretty regularly.  In fact, recently at Sky Harbor, I've had to go to a couple of those "stand up" bars (where there are only 4 or 5 seats and everyone just stands around).  So, I have come to lower my expectations.  At least at these "stand up" bars, you can be served fairly quickly.  This is where my beef begins with Blanco Tacos and Tequila (Spelled wrong on Yelp btw, pretty sure there is only one L in Tequila).I have 20 minutes before my flight and I would like to get a drink.  Not a lot to ask, right?Though there are open seats at the bar, we are still required to wait in line.  In fact, give our names and then stand awkwardly outside this poor excuse for an airport bar.This wouldn't be so bad if I didn't see entire groups of people bypassing this rule and sneaking in and taking large tables when the hostess wasn't paying attention.After 15 minutes, I finally was offered a seat at a crowded and dirty mutual table.  I asked if I could have one of the open seats at the bar, and the hostess, who didn't seem to care at all, just said "fine".After another few awkward minutes of trying to send smoke signals to one of the three bartenders, I was asked if I wanted a drink."What kind of vodka do you have?""Well...""OK, can I get a Kettle One and soda?""Sure..."And she then proceeds to sneak over to what is obviously a bottle of Skyy vodka and pour my drink.At this point, there were about 2 minutes before my flight boarded, so I didn't say anything.  I had my credit card waiting on the bar when she got back from her failed trick."Is that it?""Yes.  Please close me out."(Reluctantly)...  "OK."You know that there is only one bar per terminal section, right?Next time, I will just hike over to another section and fight my way into a stand up bar just to avoid this awful, awful place.
4	My flight was delayed at the gate right next to this place.  I dropped by for a quick margarita while I waited to board.  The margarita was really good and the service was great.  I will definitely be back next time I'm at the airport!!
1	Dear Catastrophe Waitress,It's not okay to push people out I your way or sneer at your customers.   We can't help it that the airport is busy and that you are poorly managed.  You shouldn't take your anger out on the very people on who you depend for you livelihood.  It's too bad you blew us off.  We are nice people and good tippers.  Happy Thanksgiving.
5	For an airport restaurant, it's 5 stars. Fast service, great food. Chicken tortilla soup was awesome as was the machca tacos.
5	If you like tortilla soup with a kick - this'll do it for you !Great little stop over at the Phoenix airport in the A terminal!Service is friendly and since I had a long layover I was happy not to feel rushed.There were even outlets to charge the computer!Try it!
1	Chicken quesadilla, chicken fajitas - sucked. The chicken was flavorless and dry. In fact it tasted as if it was microwaved/ pre-packaged. And waaaay to expensive. Will not eat at this chain again.
5	At the grand opening Biltmore Fashion Square. The Blanco chopped salad is fantastic. Light citrus dressing and many ingredients. The pulled pork tacos are beyond fabulousGo!
4	I travel a lot, and so spend a lot of time in airport restaurants.  Now, those that travel a lot know that airport establishments can be a little on the lacking side when it comes to food quality as the need for speedy delivery and production usually results in mediocre offerings.The reason I like this place is that some of the staple items I like to eat are done well here.  Specifically the Nachos appetizer and the Steak & Egg Fajitas.  Both items are very tasty.  The only downside is that the meat additions to the nachos can be a little salty.Service is usually good, with no complaints.Pros: Good offerings so far.  Decent service, especially for an airport environment. Electrical plugs EVERYWHERE, even under the seats.Cons: Can be noisy and it is hard to carry on a phone conversation here.  If hit at the peak flight arrivals, can be very busy and tight for seating.
1	I travel frequently and this was by far the worst service I have ever had. 15 minutes after I was seated- a waitress finally acknowledged me. Another 5 minutes passed and she asked if I wanted "sumpin to drink"--- took my order and promy let me know she was going on break and to flag down somebody if I needed "sumpin".  Go somewhere else---
4	This place was great fun. It's in a hot location in the airport, so it was really busy - and fun to meet other travelers. I met SEVERAL people sitting here for about an hour - and they were super fun and made my layover a million times better than so so many more before it. The food was pretty average (mushroom tacos). The service was GREAT. The beer list and wine list were average. The atmosphere was beyond fun. So, to me, it was one of the best places I have been during a layover. I actually feel like it makes me want to fly through Phoenix - just so I can go to this place. I'm sure that there are slower times when this place isn't as fun, and that the fact that the food and booze is average is a little more apparent. But if it's busy, then it's fun. And fun is the name of the game in life - this place has it.
4	OK... it's airport food. It's expensive ($9.75 for a burrito including tax). But it's probably the best airport food I've ever had.
1	I am Blancos newest ex-customer for life. I have spent large amounts of money on work and family meals at Blancos.  Although the food is overpriced, the atmosphere has a good vibe (@Scottsdale blvd location). Unfortunately, today I stopped by the airport location in terminal 4. Before I could sit and relax on a very busy morning, the hostess with the mostess attitude noticed we had just came from Modern Burger next door. She said a server would be right over. Almost immediately a guy that looked like a derelict came over and asked us if we would  like to order. I explained that we are going to have our sandwich and would be ordering a drink in a minute. He proceeded to tell us to come back when we were ready to order.  I asked him why he was being so hostile at 7:00am with an empty restaurant. He then asked us to leave again. I was shocked. Apparently he has an issue with authority at home and has allowed it to carryover to work.  Needless to say, and after reading other reviews on this location, Blanco will fail miserably.  Upsetting patrons at the airport will surely impact their other locations.  They just lost well over a thousand dollars a year from me and my employer.
1	I generally always give 5 stars when needed and only 1 star when also needed.  I walked up to the host and wasn't greeted in a friendly way.  It was more like hey bro, you want a 1 top table?  I said yea, bra I just need a table.  The host then just turned around, mind you there is only 20 tables in about a 25x25 area, then said we just gave the last one up.  I was staring directly at a table to his right that needed to be bussed.  He then said oh you want that 4 top?  I told him i just needed a table,so I can eat and work on my laptop.  I was sat, the menu was placed face down, and he left without saying anything.  It took the server a few minutes to get to me, which wasn't the awkward part.  The awkward part was listening him tell the table across from me that they are almost out of everything and that there kitchen was closing quickly.  When my server came to my table, he didn't introduce himself, nor did he really great me.  It was just "can I get you a drink" so I asked for a diet coke.  I then asked him what the kitchen was out of, but by the time I finished my sentence, he had already walked away.  I had to call him back to the table to find out what the kitchen was out of.  I had to ask him what the kitchen was out of, and he really didn't say anything other then beef and maybe chicken.    He came back a few minutes later with a water, which I didn't ask for.  I placed my order and while I was doing it he wasn't writing it down.  After I placed my order he tried to repeat it back to me, but forgot an item so I had to repeat my order. While I was waiting for my food to come, the table was grumbling and looking for a manager.   They couldn't find one, but ask for the check and they had the same waiter as me.  That waiter went to the host stand and started explaining to the host how he wanted the dinning room floor sat as it was to benefit  him the way he explained it to the host.  So about 6 minutes after the table next to me asked for their check he left the host stand and the table had to ask him again for the check.  I got my food in a timely manner for sure, and the girl that dropped it off was friendly.  My food isn't bad, but the queasily is boring nothing special.  My salad was very normal and I will give it an excellent rating for the use of square Doritos chips.   My burrito was good, but the carnitas needed to be cooked longer.   Now I have been done eating for about 10 minutes, and my server never checked in on me to see how my food was, nor has my table been pre-bussed.  1.  You are in an airport, so running out of food isn't a reason to close early.2.  If you are going to close early get your story straight with your staff.  The would tell one person they had no food, the next guest he would tell it was inventory night.  3.  Why would you stop seating for your dinner menu at 8:45 in the middle of a holiday travel season.  4.  The managers walked around looking like he was shelled shocked and seemed to checked out.  So if this Blanco is owned by a real restaurateur and you have franchised out your brand to the airport, I would pull your contract with the airport.  They are doing your brand extremely poor justice.I doubt the previous sentence is what is actually going on here.  This airport should really re-think its customer service skills and find a couple of good real restaurant people to get this place into shape.  FYI, now at 25 minutes after finishing my food and my server still has not come back to collect my plates or check in on me.
3	The run down above average Mexican-inspired food priced above average. Taco platters are 3 mini tacos with a scoop of rice and beans. However, I will say, I got the braised pork tacos and they were quite delicious despite their size. Service was just about adequate; servers didn't seem to enjoy working or do anything past bare minimum to prevent managers from yelling at them. Seating was comfortable and there was charging stations.
4	This is one of my tops for tacos, this is great for a weekend nite and for dates because of the setup.  Good food and wine selection
5	The good was fresh and delicious!  Te service was exceptional. Our server, Sandra, was very polite, informative, and friendly. My wife and I both had the Loaded Carnitas Burritos Enchilada Style and it was amazing. The flavors were explosive and the texture of the meat was spot on. We started with the Guacamole and Salsa and ate it all! If you're in gate A check them out!
5	Great place in the Phoenix Airport. Great food great service and the price was ok for an airport. Our server Sandra was TERRIFIC!
4	Delta Bravo 1: Remember that woman Leslie (not real name)? The one who was having an affair.Delta Bravo 2: Oh yeah, the one married to the cop. Why was she even married to him? Delta Bravo 1: I don't know. Everyone knows you never marry a cop. They don't make any money, they're always getting shot at and they're never home. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -That's just part of the enlightening conversation I overheard from a table of 3 DoucheBags at Blanco Taco & Tequila in the Sky Harbor airport. Other than that, this place was solid for airport fare.I ordered the Machaca and egg breakfast burrito. Tender short rib, scrambled eggs, pico de gallo and Mexican cheese served with potatoes. It was really good and it came out from the kitchen really fast. Due to the speed, it's obviously all pre-made then thrown together upon order. In an airport, where time can be of the essence this is understandable. After a little bit of research, I learned that Blanco Taco and Tequila is part of the Fox Restaurant Concepts family. I've become fairly acquainted with these Fox restaurants since moving to Phoenix and I have to say I'm a fan.
2	Saw this new place at the Biltmore and wandered in, having no idea it was 'yet another Sam Fox concept.' Oy. Yes, the atmosphere is fine, and the people are pretty, and the dishes are acceptable, but... Why oh Why must the employees there be robots, automatons blindly following the company script? The server helping us must have been so new, or terrified of losing his job, that he was incapable of relying on any part of his authentic self. He was obviously told what to say to us upon approaching the table (the dreaded "Have you been here before?"), what to say upon 'walking us through the menu' (I have only read a menu like this 10,000 times before), what to say upon bringing each item to the table (thanks, I know what 'street' tacos look like), etc. What does Mr. Fox fear? That his employees may have a personality that may ring true to diners? That we may accidentally have a genuine interpersonal interaction, if even for 30 seconds? And it wasn't just the server. We got the same from the hostess and the manager too. It's enough to make you lose your appetite. I'm outta here. No more Sam Fox for me.
4	I had to sit at a "community table" which wasn't my first choice, but the place was packed.  The server was very attentive, even though she was super busy.I enjoyed the guacamole and chips.  You could tell the guac was freshly made.  The carnitas tacos were delicious and served with black beans and rice.  The rice was a little dried out, but everything else was yummy.
1	This place probably has the most Americanized Mexican food you can find. Bland, absolutely no flavor. I ordered the Mexican salad and it was tasteless. The chips and salsa were even bland and it's pretty hard to mess those up. I wont be returning anytime soon. I wish I could find an authentic Mexican place in Scottsdale but it seems to be a difficult task.
4	I was really pleasantly surprised by my meal here. I had arrived at a gate pretty much directly across the hall, and so I whipped out my phone, checked its Yelp reviews, and decided to give it a try.The space itself is nice--not nearly as cheesy as most airport bars/restaurants. I liked that you could look into the (clean) kitchen as you sat at the bar. Bar stools were comfy and spaced far enough apart to allow for luggage behind you.I ended up asking the bartender for her recommendations, and she suggested the Mexican chopped salad, with corn, guacamole, beans, tortilla & Rancho dressing. At just $11 (which included an extra $3 for grilled chicken), I was expecting a pretty measly portion, but it was huge. All the ingredients seemed really fresh and flavorful, and the corn had clearly been grilled. It was pretty delicious. I also had a Four Peaks Kiltlifter beer, which was good.The bartender (I think her name was Christine) was friendly but not at all intrusive. Even sitting at the bar, it wasn't too noisy or cramped. My salad was out in just a few minutes--definitely much faster than I was expecting (but great for a layover).It seemed like a steal, especially for airport fare.
4	Had 45 minutes connecting in Phoenix. This place was super quick, I got soft shell chicken tacos which were pretty good and satisfying, good value, but extra points for speedy service!
5	I really love this place.  I am in this terminal every other week and I have never had a poor experience.  The staff makes this place and are always inviting, friendly and attentive. Breakfast is the best - add an avocado to the huevos rancheros!
1	We were hungry before our flight to Fort Lauderdale so decided to get a couple of breakfast burritos. The burritos looked really good, that was the best part of the experience. The line to order was complete chaos, but hey, it's an airport so I forgive them. However, once we reached the register, the girl who takes the orders, and you know who you are, is the rudest employee I have ever encountered in any restaurant in my entire life. I almost walked away before ordering, which would have been the correct decision, but my family and I were starving and had already waited in line. I ordered two bacon breakfast burritos, and the rude employee yelled to me with attitude that my number is 2! This was also confirmed on my receipt that she gave me, number 2. Now, I waited amidst the chaos for the food to get done (took about 10 minutes), and then the girl yells out number 6! Nobody goes up to the counter, nobody had a number 6. Then she yells out, two bacon breakfast burritos! I went up to the counter and let her know, I think that's mine, but my order is number 2. She shoves the bag of food into my hands, rolls her eyes, and walks away. I was blown away that these people are still in business! I wish I had the girl's name, as I would be happy to pass it along to airport management. She was about 5'5, had black hair, was a thin Mexican, was working on Saturday February 8th at 9:00 a.m on the register at the walk up window. The food was absolutely terrible by the way, it was the worst breakfast burrito I have had in my life hands down. Sonic makes a better breakfast burrito, and I HATE Sonics breakfast burrito. Two burritos, a water and a chocolate milk were $22.68.Save your money!
4	I dread eating at the airport. Everything is super expensive, very microwave-y and just gross. Blanco was a pleasant surprise! I came in for breakfast around 8am and it was already pretty packed. The menu was short but had a variety of options. The prices were $8-$14 for options from short ribs, to chorizo burrito to huevos rancheros. Since I was in AZ I had to have the chorizo burrito that came with well seasoned potatoes. I couldn't finish the whole thing and at $9, this is a great option even  without being in an airport! They also have an extensive drink menu, specifically with tons of tequila options. It was a little too early for that but I definitely would get into trouble here. My food was ready quick even though almost every table was occupied. I definitely will be back when I fly out of PHX!
3	Best food I've ever had in an airport!
4	Really enjoyed it, pleasant to sit outside, the music is just loud enough that it covers the road noise but so loud you can't have a conversation. Really tasty tacos - both the chicken and the pork. Good margaritas especially the blood orange one. Friendly and efficient service even when it was very busy on a Saturday night. Would happily go back.
3	Bar actually seems like a fun atmosphere but not does it smell like a dirty mop. So gross!!! Beer selection isn't very big but margaritas look good. Get rid of the smell and its easily 4 star.
4	Nice place and appreciated the modern lighting and atmosphere. I would have to agree with other yelpers, the blood orange margarita was great!  I also enjoyed my shrimp salad it was good size, tasty, filled with avo and jimca, a perfect combo.  My husband tried the Caesar salad with added steak and he said it was excellent!  The steak pieces looked rather small to me but he liked it.
4	Airport grub in Phoenix with a decent representation of Mexican food, tequila, and beers. Enjoyed a beer and street tacos with grilled fish. Perfect size, great flavor, and made fast to order. Seems they were out of a couple of things but oh well..... The place was packed with weary travellers.
3	For an airport "food court" option, it was surprisingly decent. The chips/salsa were good, the chicken Quesadilla appetizer was larger than expected (very filling) and full of flavor, and the unsweetened iced tea was the best I had while in Phoenix....with free refills and they even gave is a large one to-go without any charge. Beats the neck out of Modern Burger which was next door.
5	This place has the most amazingly buttery burritos due to the copious amounts of butter they but in their rice. Not good for you but so delicious.
1	Wife's food good. Mine fair. Waitress bad ! Parked in adjacent parking lot , waitress to validate parking ticket, didn't and couldn't leave parking lot. This sucks! Can't even buy ticket ! Had to back and get ticket/ token to leave! Not going back!
2	Bad service - but not really the servers fault but that of the person scheduling staffing.  Not enough wait staff to take orders but 4 people standing around at the check in desk  to seat people - I think two would be enough for that job and have the other two wait tables.
4	What a treat! Had green chilie tacos.  Delicious. Even the beans and rice sides were tasty. Left soothed, comforted and ready to take on the usual the airport stress.
3	tacos are pretty good.draft beer selection is smallservice is so-so
5	Absolutely the best meal I've ever eaten in any airport anywhere (and I've been in a  lot airports).  At the waiters suggestion, I ordered huevos rancheros (without sour cream) and coffee for breakfast.  The food was awesome -- the perfect mixtures of sunny side up eggs, potatos, sausage, beans and cheese.Not good for a diet -- a guilty pleasure for sure.  Will always eat there when in Phoenix.
4	Decent food for a airport restaurant. They got an extra star for Shauna (cute), but ever so attentive and ensure that I had everything I needed. She's the ideal waitress for any hospitality organization.
3	The food was delicious but my experience with the floor manager Louis was terrible. He hid in the kitchen while he left a single bar tender out to contain the masses during a lunch rush. The poor gal was doing what she could but it was too much. Not once did he intervene.When I confronted him on this issue as well as his kitchen staff eating while preparing guest meals -- he proceeded to call airport security on me. I'm the least threatening person possible and I never once used threatening tones or language -- even the security guards laughed at the situation. He was mad that I called him out on his lack of doing his job...Bottom line, the food is great but if you arrive around lunch time, don't expect the management to manage the situation when and if they get short handed.
4	Was not expecting much from an airport restaurant ... boy was I surprised. Loved the carnitas burrito (enchilada style). Very generous portions, yummy, and about what I'd expect to pay at any other Mexican restaurant.  We topped off the meal with the flan, which was some of the best we can remember.Next time we have a layover in PHX, this is where we'll be!
3	I had a layover in PHX and this was near both of my gates.  It was late (9pm) so the menu was limited to only certain items, but the full bar was still available.  I had red sangria, but only one glass as it was way to sweet - ick!  Cheese quesadilla had like 4 cheeses and oozed . . . I got chicken and it was shredded.  Not much more in there.  The service was nothing special.  I wish I had gotten more guacamole than just on the side.  I also wish they had queso, but they didn't even if the menu wasn't limited.  They also have a to-go.  Enjoy!
5	After a terrible day in the air with two flight cancellations and delays I ended up in Phoenix on my way to the Bay Area. The servers, mine was Anthony was so considerate, and the tacos were fabulous.
4	Airport restaurants have never been my favorite. Always overpriced but what the heck. Looking for breakfast and saw breakfast burrito. This place is within the Terminal 4 A wing gate just past gate A4. Wasn't expecting much but the take-out line was short so I ordered the matcha and egg burrito. Very surprised. The tortilla was hot, thin, and down right good. Matcha was tender and juicy but just juicy enough so that it's not dripping down your arm while eating it. The eggs were very good too. So I really loved my morning matcha breakfast burrito. Yes a little overpriced but everything is overpriced at airports. Food good. Service fast. So if your looking for a quick and good breakfast burrito, I recommend this place. Enjoy and happy flying. I sure am.
1	STAY AWAY- Bought food at window of Blanco and then went to sit at one of the 19 empty tables. I was told I had to go and eat at another restaurant even though the food I had I just purchased from  them. Seems you can only use their tables if you purchase more food and drinks from the bar. Just got off a long flight and as a disabled veteran I was in a lot of pain and just wanted to eat. Seems the $23 I just spent on food from them was not enough for a seat. Manger said "thanks for your service but you still have to eat at another restaurant with  that food as you bought if from our window and not table"Stay away not military or customer friendly at all!
4	Fantastic experience while stopping over in the Phoenix airport.  Husband had the burrito with rice and beans... Very filling and delicious. I had the carne asada tacos with born tortilla shells. Absolutely delicious!  Clean restaurant, prompt and courteous service, and excellent food. We'll certainly return!
4	Ended up here during a 3 hour layover and decided to give them a try. Wow! What a good decision for me! The guacamole was incredible and the quesadilla with chicken was equally yummy! Price was a bit steep for the food but average for airport fare. I will definitely eat here again if I have another layover in this terminal.
5	My first impression of this restaurant was not so great but by the end we left happy. I ordered the nachos and the cheese quesadilla which were a huge disappointment. The nachos were made with gross cheese sauce rather than actual cheese and the quesadilla was just not satisfying. Our waiter asked how the food was and we told the truth and he was so accommodating and switched out our food right away. We got the chicken tortilla soup and it was SO much better! He came back to make sure we were happy this time around. He even removed all of the food from the bill. What Great service!! Great margaritas! Will come back again
4	So good. Lots of meatless options, amazing rice, awesome margaritas (BLOOD ORANGE!)... and a really fun environment. I make it a point to get there whenever I'm in town for Spring Training.
3	We stopped here for breakfast before our flight. I love Sam Fox, but I was SHOCKED to learn that the huevos rancheros is served sans tortillas and if you want tortillas you have to pay for them. Seriously?! Not cool, Sam Fox, not cool! Huevos rancheros issue aside, we ordered 2 bloody mary's (AMAZING, the spice was just right!) and 2 chorizo breakfast burritos.  The burritos were huge and fresh and delicious.  We could have split one because it was so big, but ended up taking the leftovers on the plane.   The food was good and the service was prompt, but I was really put off by the huevos rancheros thing.  I really suggest the restaurant look into that one because honestly, we thought about walking out when we were told that, but I'm glad we didn't because the food we ordered was good..
3	What kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't serve chips and salsa? You can order chips and guacamole, you can order a side of salsa for your entree, but you can't order chips & salsa together? Wth...Service not so great either, manager checking out guests, rude servers and slow service. Too bad I wanted to like it... I like the restaurant in Phoenix, so I was excited to try in the a/p... Mistake!BTW... I did ask for chips & salsa
5	Delicious egg and cheese breakfast burrito! It's not often I'm inspired to write a Yelp! review, but this burrito was so good I just had to.  I wasn't expecting anything amazing because it was fast, airport food but I wasn't pleasantly surprised. The tortilla was soft and chewy, it had just the right amount of cheese, and the salsa was surprisingly spicy! The perfect little quick breakfast as I dashed to my gate.
4	I hate the Scottsdale location and Biltmore location is passable. Airport Blanco is superior for both food and service. Ask for Jodi.
5	Best staff!
5	Had Mexican all up and down the coast of CA. This place still had the best carnitas burritos of our trip. Ridiculous amounts of meat and quality ingredients. Super filling, plus rolled so well, no stuff fell out. Had to get it flying out, and flying back. You go Blanco.
5	Airport food can be a gamble, but this spot has great, flavorful food. We had the guacamole (pretty dang good), I had a burrito (asked for shrimp instead of pork/chicken and it was no problem at all) with rice and beans, and everything was delicious. Our waitress was really sweet and the host was also really cool! Good food and a cool spot to hang out. Definitely recommend.
4	Long layover in PHX. These guys stay true to the Blanco'a outside if the airport. Kinda upscale Mexican. Cheese Crisp appetizer, chicken fajita for her, grilled shrimp salad for me. A little loud, but good job for the airport.
4	Nice place for some pre-flight drinks! I can't speak for the food, but the menu looked very nice! The prices were very reasonable especially for an airport bar.
5	Wow, we were so impressed with this place! My breakfast burrito was DELICIOUS ad had a great local beer called the kiltslinger.. And the meal was large and reasonably priced! So large I have a nice leftover to take in the plane since on US Airways you can't have food or even a small snack without being charged for it.  Unbelievable.The atmosphere was nice with TVs playing sports everywhere and our waitress was really nice. She even took a special requests from me to remove peppers and add chicken to my dish.This place really surpassed expectations for an airport bar. It is now up there with that fox sports bar in Charlotte as one of my favorites.
2	Nice place, but I was not impressed with the food. I can get more authentic Mexican food at a filibertos. The one shining star was their salsa's, and the service was ok. Not some place I would return to. :(
5	The Mexican Chopped Salad is truly one of the BEST salads I've ever had! It was so good! Also the last time I was here the waiter got sour cream or something in my brand new 400.00 Coach purse. I didn't see it and never would have known but he stepped up and told me what happened and we cleaned it up bad it never touched the purse. If it wasn't for his honesty my purse wound have a big stain. I've never splurged on a purse before so I would have been pretty bummed. I so appreciated his honesty! Anyway, this is a great place to eat!
2	I'll give them one thing- they're quick. But I ordered the chicken tortilla soup and I am not a fan. There was a huge dollop of sour cream in it, I feel like I'm eating straight sour cream now. It's also extremely salty. I was hoping for a good chicken broth like regular tortilla soup, something light on my stomach. They offered to bring me something else, but I've honestly lost my appetite after a few spoonfuls of that soup. Also, the "home made lemonade" tastes like the soda fountain lemonade. Hmmmm. They were kind enough to not charge the soup.
5	The best bartender award at sky harbor airport has to go to Doug Vicars he's  awesome at everything he does!!  He's handsome too!  Oh and he makes the best skinny margaritas.
5	Absolutely love this place. Decided to forgo breakfast at the hotel and test my luck at the airport. I wanted to be able to sit down and be served - versus a McDonald's!  Really cute atmosphere- hip and the music is lively. Great service from Christina!The food was excellent. I had the bacon egg and Mexican cheese burrito. It is a large portion and served with a side of potatoes. The fresh salsa is what really ties it all together. Now I just need to be located on a Mexican beach somewhere!  Will definitely come here again when I travel through PHX.
4	Pretty solid burrito for an airport location.  I've had breakfast burritos and lunch/dinner ones here too. Never disappointed
4	For an airport, this place had really good Mexican food and friendly fast service. Even the lady next to me commented on how good the food was.  I had the shrimp tacos which came with 3 medium tacos and rice n beans.  Perfect amount. The beer n drinks are good too. (When are they not?)  I will stop by again when passing thru.TIP. At a lot of the tables running along the walls and islands they have outlets at each table. I was able to charge my phone. Sweet, I wasn't a wall hugger.
4	I really like this place. Stopped by for lunch before catching a flight. I like the atmosphere here - and it also appears to be a popular hangout among travelers at this terminal. They have most of the popular Mexican beers by the bottle, a few craft beers on tap, nine different types of wines and a nice selection of tequilas. Calm down, before everyone gets excited - they also have margaritas, sangria and other signature cocktails!I ordered a three taco platter, which includes beans and rice. The nice thing here is that you are allowed to mix and match different types of tacos (our server was nice enough to point that out to us). I went for two carne asada tacos and one chipotle shrimp. I really liked the carne asada, but for me the shrimp tacos tasted amazing. Next time I will order three of these. Or maybe six.Our server got our drinks orders in quickly and delivered our food pretty fast, despite the fact that it was fairly busy when we were there. Give Blanco's a try if you want something different than the typical airport fare. Food is amazing, service is great and the people are friendly.
3	Pretty good for an airport restaurant. I had a quick layover and could not consider the thought of another meal on the plane. I stopped in here in a hurry and was seated very quickly. My waitress came to the table in a fair amount of time to take my order. My food was delivered promptly and hot. The food was fairly good. I will probably come back in here when I got in this airport for a layover again.
4	Had the Mexican Chopped Salad but I added shrimp and changed the dressing to Cilantro Lime.  YUM!!!  I would post a pic of my super clean plate, but naaaah!  Good food.  Decent price, especially for an airport!  Now to find something to do for another hour and a half before my plane leaves
4	Great steak burrito and they were busy, but FAST! Our server was swamped but was attentive. We had the steak burrito and chips, salsa, and guacamole and all of it was great!
5	Best fish tacos. Fun place. Nothing bad here
3	I would give 3.5 stars if I could.The servers are rather attentive and the space is nice.  The breakfast burrito seems to be the rage here but I say for lunch.  The three braised short rib tacos I had were pleasant but not particular flavorful.   The beans were an item to pass, but the rice was tasty.  They do have a nice variety of bottle and local craft draft beers.
4	My wife and I were really impressed by this restaurant.We always drive by it, but now we'll make a point to actually go in!The patio is perfect.  Happy Hour only goes until 6 PM, but frankly I'd pay more to sit on their comfy couches and just enjoy the scenery.The food is terrific.  I tried three different types of tacos, and all were great.  We also shared a Cheese Crisp and some Sopapillas.  YUM.Can't wait to come back.ENJOY!
2	Located in Terminal four on the corridor for gates A1-A15, thei Fox concept restaurant is surprisingly like the restaurants on the outside, down to the prices being charged for food and drinks. Service was friendly, including offering recommendations for local beer. The food left something to be desired. I ordered the pork tacos, with rice and black beans (no choice in beans at this location.) Rice was mushy and not much better than out of a box.Flour tacos were small, but were hot and good. The pork had little evidence of green chili flavor, and the pico and lettuce did not add much. The meat was moist but just unexciting. I would return, but definitely choose a different menu item. I was not offered chips and salsa.
5	Awesome food, awesome service. My wife and I stopped in to kill some time during a layover on the way home yesterday, and to enjoy the airport version of Arizona's version of Mexican cuisine. She had an awesome enchilada-style burrito and I had some green chili soft tacos that were really great, washed down by a Tecate. Aubrey was a great server and her friendliness and attentiveness went a long way to make us feel welcome in the midst of the sea of airport-traveler humanity. Will be back the next time I fly through PHX.
4	Just an awesome placeTo eat.... At the airport no less! I had a layover that lasted longer than expected on my way to Northern California and dropped into this place for a quick bite. Great selection of Mexican food and drinks. I had the short rib and avocado cheese crisp (Mexican pizza) and it was just decadently good!
5	Whitney's my gal! Sit at the island, plug in your phone and have some yummy braised pork tacos and a cocktail while you wait for you flight!
2	Holy Salt!!!!!! My god I couldn't eat my meal it was so salty. The shredded chicken was literally saltier than the ocean... Gross... The server was cool though. And my Bloody Mary was good. Drink here don't eat...
4	Only place on the A gate side of the airport to get a good drink and people watch while eating some tasty Mexican food. Cholula everywhere, that's my favorite side chick. Large tequila selection if you're lookin to booze through you next flight. Also, the larger tables beside the bar have outlets to charge your electronics. Necessity for anyone needing juice. Unfortunately no Wifi. Five stars if that were the case.
4	Stopped here to watch a game and was happy I. I ordered some tacos (3 to an order). Tip: it's not on the menu but ask if you can get a "sampler" and pick 3 different types. I got the fish, shrimp and short rib tacos and was not disappointed.
5	Great service  and so fast, that's what you need in the airport in five minutes they give me my food good I like it ;-)
2	Food tastes good but they consistently run out of vegi options. Tonight, they are out of mushroom tacos... But wait, they are also out of beans (this a Mexican restaurant, right?) so a bean & cheese burrito is out of the question as well.  Last time, it was a breakfast debacle where they didn't have beans so no vegi options either.  The only thing available was covered in cheese. The few times they have had food, it was tasty. I would give a 3/5 for food but a 1/5 for selection.
2	Okay. Very expensive. I know it's an airport bit I'm not sure the guacamole even was an entire avocado. It didn't help that they served it in a huge bowl making it seem even smaller. It was good but it's has avocado so it should be good. It wasn't anything special. They were out of my first choice beer, out of queso cheese so we couldn't get nachos (though they did give us free chips and salsa), and then ran out of chips!!! The food was okay. Nothing special. Oh well it's an airport.
3	The tacos were very spicy. I liked the chips and salsa but my son and daughter-in-law Felt it was average. Service could have been better. Sean and Nat did not get all rice as requested and I was given all beans also instead of all rice. I said no pico and there was the pico on my tacos. Just make sure you have plenty of time to catch your flight
3	My wife and I had lunch here while waiting for a flight.  I ordered tacos and my wife ordered the steak salad.  I thought it was ok but not great.  The tacos were a little salty and my wife's salad was not impressive at all.  As far as airport food goes, PHX has upped its game in recent years.  Since there are so many options in the A terminal, I would not recommend this place.  Go to Olive&Ivy or LeGran instead.
3	Really beyond expectations for airport food but only 3 stars because on the outside, compared to other Mexican, it lacks the spice and flavor I prefer in my Mexican food.  The kids portion is huge and my ordinarily big eaters both left food behind.  One kiddo ordered the cheese quesadilla and so it was super easy to package it up in their to-go container to eat on the plane.  I got the Mexican pizza and that was also huge.  They were fast (35 min from seating to leaving) giving us plenty of time before our departure.  Bottom line:   Recommend for the airport
2	How do you ruin a quesadilla and tortilla chips? They managed to do so. The plate came without any sauces and the chips were coated in grease like they had been left  in the chip warmer from the night before. I had to ask for salsa and sour cream by chasing after our server. I just now as I am writing the review realized that I never asked for guacamole. When she brought the salsa it was surprisingly fresh and good but in the smallest possible ramekin. She blamed the chef for making me a kids quesadilla and mentioned that I got chips as if that was a bonus when I didn't want them.I can't believe that of all the amazing mexican restaurants, this one was allowed to hold a place in the airport. Their standards must be pretty low. I tried the salad that the other person in my party ordered and the chicken was squishy and watery as if it was prepared at least a day in advance.
