4	This bar that shares it's name with the donut store my mom used to take me to as a kid is a grown up bar and grill. I'm always looking for good food late, and this place delivers. With either sit down or take out, this dark lodge like bar has fantastic food. Order their signature sliders or the Chicken Driftwood, or the Gorgonzola fillet, and your bound to be surprised at what this gaming bar has for bar food. Breakfast is served until 11 during the week and noon on Saturday and 2 on Sundays!!I sat down for an extremely late dinner the other night and ordered a dinner salad with balsamic vinaigrette and a BLT. Although my salad wasn't the best side salad I have ever had, i was grateful for the real dinner at 11pm. With so many gaming bars in the valley, it is always nice to have a neighborhood place that I can get a steak or a salad.
3	Do as the locals do. That's what brought us to Winchell's for dinner. It has the usual pub fare -- burgers, sandwiches, meat, and greasy appetizers. And they did it all well... just enough to add it to my "could go to again" list. And I think that's an important list to be on. What really put this on the map and pleasantly surprised me was the steak -- it was tender and flavorful, not the rough and stringy meat I usually have at pub/brewery/restaurant type places.It's totally out of the way and off the strip -- more for locals than tourists, but if you're looking for some greasy food and want to avoid the crowds, this is a good option to consider.
3	Really a 3.5-star place. Decent bar food, smoke free, and well located.  Lunch is very packed, so come before 11:30.They have some interesting takes on classic barfood, but their burgers and fries are great.  Drinks were a bit weak for the price, and the "outdoorsy" decor isn't really my thing.
3	I like Winchell's and come here for lunch once in a while.  They are a little slow sometimes with the service - once they even forgot about my table completely and we finally had to grab a new waiter. No free meal or discount from that, which we really deserved However, that was a true anomaly (I hope).  In general, though, if I can get back to work in less than 1 1/2 hours, that is pretty good.  The food here is fine for pub fare. I happen to be a grilled cheese sandwich fiend and can vouch for their sandwiches (I always ask for cheddar). They use plenty o'cheese, the way I love it.  Their fries are good, too.  I recommend this place to anyone wanting a simple "American" meal with no frills, in a decent atmosphere.  This place is clean, nicely appointed, and the staff are friendly- just a little slow sometimes.--Allison
3	I'm not usually a fan of bar food, but this place can rock! They have fantastic salads. The homemade potato chips are a decadent indulgence. They have a greek salad that is normally served with gyros but they swapped me out to chicken. It's one of my favorite salads around town.I ordered a fish dish that was tasty but too salty for my taste. I also went with a friend who ordered the ahi salad. It came dry and when he asked the waitress for dressing, she seemed befuddled and offered blue cheese. (Blue cheese and ahi??) Turns out it was supposed to have an asian dressing on it. The waitress was clueless.  If I hadn't had those experience, this place would get 4 stars.
3	When I think "Winchell's" I think of the donut chain around the west coast.  I was mistaken as this version of Winchell's is a locals joint serving drinks and decent food.  While I don't know if I'd come here to drink myself silly at night, I know this is where I could come for a dependable lunch.Favorites here include their San Francisco style grilled cheese, which includes a soup of the day.  I tried their heart attack of an avocado burger, which was not only hearty but incredibly rare (I ordered medium!). Well, least it came with a side of "homemade" chips.With their bright outside seating and dark interior, Winchell's offers a mix of both worlds and a solid lunch.  Prices are reasonable and the parking is decent.  I would definitely see myself coming back here again.
5	The food here was the best food i've ever had at a bar. ever. i ordered a pizza and the crust was doughy and delicious and the cheese and meat left me wanting more by the time i finished it. Not to mention that the damn thing was HUGE. The price was more than fair and our waitress was awesome and funny. We offered her 20 bucks to hit my friend with the pepper shaker. She didn't wanna do it but ended up lightly tapping his forearm with it, to which he screamed bloody murder. Her name was emily i think.
1	This review is for the Winchell's on Ann & Simmons... they used to have the best food ever, but as of the past 2 years, the service went down hill (I've had times where I've gone in and haven't gotten a refill or condiments, and the server just never comes back except for the check and tip..) and the food is just greasy and disgusting. They're using cheaper ingredients, but raised prices. WTF, Winchells. I used to like you, and now you're like the pimply kid in Math Class that flicks his boogers at people.
3	Winchell's is a nice neighborhood pub.  They offer good food at great prices and plenty of drink specials throughout the week.  It's a good place to take your friends for a few rounds if your not feeling like the strip and want more of a local experience.
2	Had this for lunch recently, and it was meh.  I had the california burger with the fresh chips. The chips were tasty (although I prefer the kind at Omelette House, they are a bit thicker). The burger was a standard burger, prepared as described.  Nothing knocked my socks off, but nothing was awful either.Service was prompt, but imperfect.  My companion ordered an iced tea with no lemon.  The waitress returned with it in about 20 seconds, with a lemon on top. No big deal, but it's an indicator.There were two other observations:1. The pricing was a bit steep given the current economy.  NO burger is worth $10.  My regular haunt (Lakes Lounge) is half the price, with excellent service, and imho better food.  With that said, the place was packed when I got there at noon, so I guess they don't need to lower their prices.2.  The menu would lead one to believe that they are control freaks.  I went in wanting to get breakfasty food, but breakfast was not available after 11a.  This is the first pub I have run into that doesn't have a decent breakfast special for $4-5 that is available 'round the clock.  I mean, it's frickin' eggs, right?  It's worth noting that the burger I ordered comes with 2 fried eggs.  I looked at the other side of the menu, and the dinner menu was also time-restricted.  I get that, I suppose, as many of the items are not quick-makes.  Anyway, I went in hoping for one thing, and ended up settling for an ok burger.
5	My friend and I was stranded at Las Vegas airport with no hotel or a car.  We happen to stop by Winchell's pub and grill while walking with our luggage in 100 degree weather.   I had the chicken quesadilla, which was pretty good with the green sauces inside the quesadilla and a generous amount of guacamole diping sauces.  We had to wait 4 hours to get pick up.  We asked if we can stay in their lounge area for about 4 hours and they said yes.  The good part was that we didn't have to purchase anything while we were lounging in their area.  The waitress would come by and check up on us every so offten.  So come to winchell's Pub & Grill for great food and very friend customer service.
2	Winchell's serves two purposes . Purpose 1: You're off the strip somewhere in the suburbs with old highschool buddies. It's hot outside. I take it back, you're actually melting. You want to smoke a Marlboro 27 and put a cold beer up against your face.Simple, go to Winchell's. Purpose 2: You're drunk as (insert profanity here) after a late night party and you want a grilled cheese sandwich.  No perks and the food is mediocre at best but hell, it's vegas and the locals need a place to hang out minus the tourists and relatively close to home.Don't try to order pancakes past 12 in the afternoon. "The cooks would normally do it past breakfast if the manager was here to say it's okay but like, the manager isn't here". :: Scurries off and doesn't return for 20 minutes::::Next time, I'll just pick a station casino for a $ 3.99 Breakfast all day long. Kthanksbye.
4	Run of the mill bar with above average bar food! That's how I would sum up Winchell's. Sure you can get a rum and coke anywhere but Winchell's food is awesome and the service is great. As you walk in be prepared to resemble the 3 blind mice...it's dark in the bar area and takes a minute to adjust. I felt like I was blindfolded. The dining area is much brighter, windows all around and even an enclosed patio in the back. The menu has lots of items and they have daily lunch and dinner specials. The value compared with the quality of food is what impresses me most. Most items are around $9-10 and unless you are completely starving there's a chance you won't finish the hearty portions. I love the Chicken Club! The homemade potato chips are incredible and I'm not even a potato chip fiend. Any of the salads you get will be great mostly due to their homemade dressings....YUM. I even get the honey mustard on the side for my club because it's so tasty. The burgers always look perfectly prepared and the wraps are filling too. The staff is really nice and the bar area has lots of TV's to entertain a sports loving group. There is a comfy little lounge behind the bar with a toasty fireplace if you're chilly. They also do a huge Superbowl pool when it comes time for the big game. Stop by, it's worth it!!
2	Came here for lunch with some co-workers and upon being seated, our hostess asked one of the waitresses, right in front of our party, where she should put us. The waitress' response was something along the lines of "don't seat them in my area because you just sat someone there and now I'm slammed." ummm...WHAT?! So she was busy. Ok, we get that. But you must have lost your damn mind if you think it's ok to say something like that in front of customers. I don't think it was personal because she wasn't even looking in our direction when she said it, but it was still totally inappropriate. I've had better customer service at the Wendy's around the corner from me. Half of the incident was the hostess' fault for walking us away from the hostess stand and trying to seek out a table with us in tow, but I would've appreciated the extra 10 seconds it would've taken her to ask us to wait while she checked with the waitress.Once seated our waiter was blah and disinterested. I don't expect you to approach our table with the pep of a Dallas Cowboys cheerleader, but I do expect you to be approachable when you approach our table, regardless of whether you're serving at a Winchell's or a Zagat-rated restaurant. I got the San Fran grilled cheese which was ok, but could've done without the extra slice of bread in the middle of the sandwich. I wanted lunch, not a carbohydrate-induced coma. Everyone who ordered a sandwich had that extra slice of bread in the middle which leads me to believe that is a Winchell's specialty if there is such a thing. The fries were pretty tasty-probably some Ore Idas, but with a good spice mixture on them. They were good about the refills.This Winchell's was out of my way, but even if it wasn't, I wouldn't be back. That waitress can take her nasty attitude and stick it in the unemployment line where it belongs.
3	We come to this place on two occasions...that's day, and night...errr... just before dawn. It's another of those locals pubs that's pretty unique to Las Vegas and we've added it to the list of places to go if you want a better breakfast than many other locals pubs and a decent lunch as well. There are five locations in town but we've never made it anywhere but the Warm Springs one so far. We come here before dawn when heading out of town, because it's a great place for a filling breakfast and then we can drop the car off at the RTC South Strip Transit Center and take the bus in to McCarran Airport for those flights that leave at 5:30 or 6:00 AM. It's become quite the tradition and it wouldn't be if the food wasn't worth it. The price is right, too, and often we're the only people in there at that hour but the person who is the server/bartender (and cook?) is always happy to see us and treats us well. The biscuits and gravy are excellent, as well as their "Winchell's Scramble."After coming here a few times for zero-dark-hundred breakfast, we decided to give lunch/brunch a try. Nothing too special, but good enough for the price and your typical bar food all around. The only thing to note is that the menu says breakfast stops at 11 AM weekdays and noon on Saturdays and 2 on Sundays, but the interpretation of those times really depends on your server. Luck of the draw as to whether it means 10:45 AM or 12 noon some days. Do plan ahead if eggs or a skillet are definitely what you crave and it's getting close to 11, even on weekends.We've only been here for dinner once and never to drink at the bar, but service at all times was pretty good (except for one lunch where the server was clearly having a bad day) so I guess if we made it out there for happy hour or to catch a game on one of their many TV's it would be just as good.Bottom line: Not a gastropub or even really a "destination" locals place, but if you are in the neighborhood or just curious, stopping in won't do you or your wallet any harm. As with us, it might even become a habit.
3	This was my first time at Winchell's. We came here for a work lunch and I was very happy with my food choice. I am trying to be good, so I ordered the veggie pita sandwich with a side of fruit. The sandwich was enormous! It was filled with lots of yummy veggies and a sauce that I found a little more vinegary than I would have liked, but it was still good. Everyone else was extremely happy with the portions and taste of their food as well.The service left a lot to be desired unfortunately. We had a large party, so I guess I expected our server to be a little more attentive. She took our orders in a timely fashion, but didn't seem to bother with remembering who ordered what. It wasn't that big a deal, but when you're having a business lunch having the server ask who ordered what every two seconds was a bit distracting, even on drinks refills. It got old, quick. Another issue was that after we had finished eating she quickly brought our bill out and we never really saw her again, despite some people in our party wanting to order dessert and others of us waiting for to-go boxes for the uneaten portions of our food. After a while, we all just gave up and left, but the service made all the difference in this review. From what I hear from others who frequent this location, this sounds like this service issue was abnormal. I'll be back since I work in the area, but I'll be sure to steer clear of her particular section.
4	Since starting work in the area, Winchell's has been a go-to on my lunchtime rotation. So I decided they deserve an upgrade. The food is always solid and despite the initial glitch in service on my first visit, service is always friendly and extremely efficient. It's a great place to get a quick bite for lunch. I have become absolutely addicted to the veggie pita sandwich. It's the only thing I ever come for. I do eventually have to try something else, but it'll be hard to pull away from my favorite. They have lots of lunch specials that are incredibly reasonably priced and they have a lot of variety daily. The regular menu pricing is also very well-priced and reasonable. My dining companions are also always very pleased with their meal choices as well. I will continue to keep Winchell's on my lunchtime rotation.
5	My absolute favorite neighborhood bar!! Johnny-the swing shift bartender is the best!! Food is great (i love the gorgonzola filet), service is awesome and the atmosphere is very nice also. I highly recommend this bar for anyone who wants great food from great people!!!
1	Great food but the assistant manager does not know how to treat customers. Months ago, my party waited a long time for the food to be delivered.  This assistant manager came by during the meal and asked how everything was.  I told him it was good but we waited a long time to be served.  His response?  "Well I'm sure it was worth the wait."Last week, we waited for someone to come to our table to take our order.  I flagged down a bus gal, asking for someone to take our order.  Again, the same assistant manager came over and asked what we wanted to drink.  After giving him our order, I said we were in a bit of a hurry and would like to go ahead and order.  His reply?  "Oh, I'll take your drink order but I'm not your server."  He then turned around and left the table.   We then had to wait for the server to come over to take our food order.  Had we not been in a hurry, we would have left.
3	It's OK. nothing special. ok food nothing special on tap that makes you have to go there.
5	Great food and good service. The food is very consistent every time I have gone. During the week they also have some pretty good specials that differ from day to day. Definitely worth a try!
3	Basically a freindly staff.  Food was good.  Drinks were average.  They had no problem putting on whatever NFL game we wanted.
4	"I always enjoy this as my fist stop after picking up my rental car. Good food and I'm always treated well."
5	Very good food all the time.
2	Normally I like this place for lunch always pretty good. Yesterday I had some friends in town that were leaving on an early flight so I figured we would stop in for breakfast @5:30am. Well we got there and the door was locked, nothing unusual here, but after repeatedly ringing the bell for several minuets the door was never opened. Don't know what was going on inside as the parking lot only had a couple of cars. After leaving we gave Re-Pete's up the street a try and was really surprised how good it was. Re-Pete's just gained a new customer and Whinchell's lost one.
3	When I think of the name Winchell's, I think of fresh delicious donuts and hot chocolate.  Little did I know there was an all-adult version serving up cold brewskies and typical bar fare for those who woud rather waste calories on beers instead of donuts.  Because of its location, I decided to have a little Happy Hour here for some coworkers and staff.  The manager, Michael, was more than accommodating and very friendly from the get-go.  I called some days ahead to give them the heads up and they let me know there was a private patio room they would seat us in.  We had pre-ordered apps so they would be ready to start bringing them out as soon as we got there.  Unfortunately, the patio room had a couple of AC units that seemed to be working on overtime as they sounded like planes flying over head.  In addition, the room was very echoey so we couldn't hear each other talking at all.  I could literally be sitting next to someone and if I wasn't looking directly at their lips moving, I would have no idea what they were saying.The food came out and it was all typical bar food.  We ordered a few appetizer platters which came with fried zucchini, 2 wings, 2 tenders, mozz sticks and I think that's it.  The wings and tenders were dry and unappetizing. I was very unimpressed with the appetizer platter altogether.  We also ordered chicken quesadillas, nachos and fries, which were all decent. The nachos were my favorite.  Imagine a mountain of chips placed within a large taco salad bowl (genius, in my opinion!) and drizzled with cheese, sour cream, beans, salsa, guac and chicken.  It was perfectly warm with the right amount of each element.  It was a little messy to eat and probably awkward given the professional setting, but still yummy nonetheless.The service became painfully slow as the next two hours progressed.  Our poor server was this quiet timid older woman who would manage to sneak in and out like a ninja without anyone who wanted to order a drink seeing her.  Someone would say where's the waitress, and someone else would say, she just came in and grabbed some empty plates.  It went on like this all night and I had to constantly run out of the room to find her, bring her in, and yell across to room to make sure everyone got a chance to order a drink.  No one ever came to buss our tables so we ended up bussing them ourselves and putting all the dirty dishes onto one table.  It was appalling.  If not for the decent nachos and Michael's friendliness and willingness to accommodate us, I would have given this place only two stars.  But to be honest, even with its 3 stars, I sadly will not be bringing my monthly happy hour party back here again.
5	As a Vegas local (as I like to think of myself now after 5 years), I respect the PTs chain here. I have met some great people who work at PTs and the service is usually the best. However, I just moved and the PTs that is located near my new home was not up to par. The two female bartenders were a bit oblivious to the things going on around them, so that is what brought me to Winchell's. This Winchell's is in walking distance of my new place (plus), the food I had was delicious, but the whole menu is what has caught my attention. It has a great variety and I will be back to try some things. The service from the two bartenders at the time were super nice and got my group our new player cards. They had Third Shift for 2 bucks or some cheap number at the time, which was pretty awesome. One of the managers was very friendly and said that during football season they have numerous TVs and space for sitting in couches and chairs right in front of them (MAJOR PLUS). After my first visit, I am impressed. Let's see what my further visits unwrap.
4	A friend and I went here for lunch.  The place was busy so we ate at the bar.  The service was outstanding and the food was great.  I had the Southwest Wrap and my friend had the Mediterranean wrap.  The food came out quick and was delicious.  We will definitely make it a weekly lunch stop.
3	First of all, this is not the donut house.  That's what I was thinking when the homegirl chose Winchell's for lunch.  Come to think of it, she's always choosing a pub for lunch. Pros:-Cheap eats.  Food here is priced pretty good.  Example:  8 oz filet for $21.99.  Ton's of daily specials and lunch specials. -Wide selection for a bar, grill, and pub-Taste:  I say you get what you pay for.  Nothing taste really bad, but not excellent.  Again, it's cheap.  -Dining room seating or bar seating-Video Poker if that's your cup of tea-Plenty of parking. Cons:-Smoking:  It's a bar and pub, should be expected.  -Dark inside-Service is not the best.  Took a while for our orders to be taken, even longer for the food to arrive.  -Wide selection of food, but not the best place to if you're watching your cals.I tried their 8 oz Filet and cup of chili.  The filet was little dry and tasted close to a NY Steak.  Still got my protein from it, so I was happy.  The chili here was my highlight. It's topped with onions and also has a little kick to it. I almost got seconds, but figured that it was best that I didn't since I was trying to keep the calories a little low for the day. Overall, the 3 stars means that the food here is just okay.  Don't let the 3 stars discourage you.  Winchell's is a good place to hang out with friends and even get a meal in. I'll probably be back again to meet the homegirl for lunch.  Otherwise, I just don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.
5	Love this pub, my favorite one in town!
1	BEWARE...Staff cannot be trusted!! Accidentally left debit card on table after paying the waitress. 20 min later my bank called and said fraudulent purchases were being made. Went back there, they returned my card and said only the waitress and bartender had possession of it. They both denied making any charges. Needless to say, I will never go there again! BEWARE!!!!
5	San Francisco grilled cheese with chicken... One of the tastiest I've ever had. Gotta come by and check this place out. Nothing bad to say about this place. Great neighborhood bar and all around great staff. Come by and see Johnny, George (or El Jorge as I call him), Franco, Kat and the rest of the gang. It's always a good time.
3	I recently started working on the area, so as I'm scoping new lunch places, I came across Winchell's Pub.  I'm always up for good bar conversation and a little appetizer, so thought, why the heck not.  First time, lunch rush seemed to be pretty busy, if I'm by myself I generally will eat at the bar, quicker seating, kill some time watching whatever sports is on (yes, I'm a woman but love me a good game).  So I sat down at the bar, I was probably there a good 10 min before even being acknowledged by the bartender.  So right off, I wasn't completely impressed.  I ordered my food which came out very fast and made up for some of the time I spent waiting for an acknowledgement  when I walked in.  I finished and no joke, probably waited another 15 minutes for her to even look at me before I could ask for my check.  I get it, I'm not a guy she can flirt with to get bigger tips, though I am a nice looking, well dressed woman who tips very well when it is deserved.So, I went back the following week, the food was good and it is about 45 seconds from work, so what the heck, right?  I walked in and maybe 3 people at the bar, GREAT, should not take that long at all.  I mean, comparatively, they were pretty busy the first time.  I sat down at the bar and noticed the same bartender working.  She was over at the side, eating, saw me walk in and still took about another 5 minutes to acknowledge me.  Okay, fine, everyone is hungry and has to eat.  I ordered and again, food was out in record time.  I ate.  Bowl is empty, she walks past me a million times in the 15 minutes since I've finished and still fails to acknowledge that I am done and may potentially want my check.  I flag her down after my annoyance level is up past my eyeballs and ask for my check to be closed.Will I be back, sadly, probably.  It's convenient and the food is good. I may try the restaurant area next time, I don't know.  There is always the option, I guess, of putting a sock in my pants and a baseball cap on, taping down the girls and hoping I get some mediocre service but that just seems too difficult for a lunch break.
4	This is the fall-back spot for Lunchies with Elite Emily (which could be a Food Network show at this point). But don't take "fall-back" as a bad thing... we wouldn't keep coming back here over and over if it wasn't deserving of it.Life's too short to eat bad food!Elite Emily loves the Veggie Pita Sandwich, but I'm more of a meatitarian, so I go for their Chili Size. We all know I swoon for a spoon of chili, and Winchell's chili is up to snuff -- good, sturdy, great as part of a meal or on its own. And they're very careful to ask if you want cheese and onions with it, which to chili lovers is a great touch, as sometimes they're good, and sometimes they overpower the flavor of the chili.The Chili Size is an open-faced burger drowning in a sea of hot, gloppy chili goodness. Don't you dare try eating it like a burger... you will make a mess and we all will point and laugh. Loudly. Even more loudly if you're wearing white. Instead, grab that knife and fork and dig right in to some down-home goodness.Service is very attentive, even during busy lunch hours, and the staff gets to know their regulars fairly quickly. We almost always have time to grab lunch, catch up on the latest gossip, and still have time to spare within Elite Emily's lunch hour.Y'know, when I actually get there on time. **sigh**
5	If you think this is the doughnut shop u r an idiot read the listing Winchell Pub and Grill. The soups are off the charts made fresh daily.  I love the service Stephanie, Kat, Amy, and John are the cream of the crop.
5	Driven by this place a bunch if times, decided to give it a try since it's right by our house. Glad we did!  The good was excellent, service was fast & friendly. Good pub-style food. Definitely would recommend it and the prices are just right!
5	The first time I went there I had the Cheese Burger and Fries  and the Apple pie and it was good.  The Second time I had the chicken wings hot and they were good.  This last time I had the French Dip, with turkey and it was good. Today I had the Patty Melt with grilled onions and tomatoes on rye bread and I had the home made chips and it was real good.   Each time the service has been outstanding.  I understand it's just bar food, its fresh, quick, the place is clean and people are real friendly and we like going there.  If you want a cold beer and some good food, give Winchell's a try.
2	The food tastes like fast food. It might be good for the locals but as a traveling guest, I was not impressed. The French fries were greasy.
5	Awsome place. We found this gem right after picking up a rental car and it is wonderful. Great service.  Great prices.  Great food. Kids love Mickey Mouse pancakes.  Good French Toast. Good eggs Benedict.
1	If you're already a regular here, congratulations you're getting great service. If they don't recognize you, good luck. It's not just my party, it's throughout the bar. A pedestrian beer selection and an unimpressive menu with horrible service. You've been warned.
4	Good food nice  .big portions warms my tummy. I love that it has a vast variety in its menu. I have been here on holidays and it is like home cooking. Nice pancakes too. This is a must for breakfast. Nicely priced specials.
4	It is what it is - bar food at a gaming bar. The daily specials are always reasonable, the service is always with a smile, and it's close to the office.
5	Awesome, I love you guys
5	This was our first time here. We LOVED this place.  Great service and the food was awesome. We told them it was our first time and the manager stopped by to introduce himself! Great experience, it's our new hangout!!!
5	awesome again, never fails
4	I don't know why it took so long for my office to check this place out because we were missing out for months! It is so much better than regular pub food and I try to order new things and it always impresses! I like the Pesto Chicken and the Greek salad Pita. It's super fresh and delicious. The service is great too!
5	Love this place.  Best salad is the cuvee salad!!  Also, order the chips with ranch, they are great!
3	This is an easy spot for lunch- very close to the office and good food. Good pub food! Good service!
3	This and the other location have close to the right mix.  Good food, music, beer selection and comfort but...  The don't have WiFi.  So I was forced to go to the competition...  Also happy hour is relatively long but it is unclear when it actually is...  In summary, a good place for lunch, but not a place to get any work done...
5	This is a nice little bar that offers restaurant seating that makes for a great meet up spot for clients or friends. They offer a decent selection of beer on tap and the staff is friendly and remembers you quickly. They have specials on their food and have a good variety of the bar favorites and some not so usual treats like their stuffed avocado or calves liver dinner. They have the usual multi plasma set up with different sports games on each screen. The bar area has decent seating all around and their bar machines are not too tight( I've won my tab back on more than a few occasions) if they make any mistakes on your meal orders they don't hesitate to correct the problem and set things straight. All in all this is a great place with great service and good food, 5 stars in my book.
4	We came to this location as it was close to the house and we really wanted some good food.  The last time we were here was on St. Patricks day and it was memorable, so we decided to come back.  We had some other people with us, one who ordered a burger with cheese and it looked amazing which was a huge surprise to me.  I looked at the burger and was WOW, that is huge.  I was told the taste was really good so this place was put on my list as a place to go back to and grab a burger someday.The rest of the food was pretty good as well.  They do have freshly made chips you can order as an appetizer which we did with ranch which was not bad.We ordered a steak which was ok, it was not the worst steak I have had but by far not the best which boils down to the quality of the meat they order for the place and use.  The cooks are pretty good at making it the way you ordered it but you cannot help the quality of the meat, you can only do so much with what you are given.I will go back to this place again to try the burgers, it looked to good to pass up.
4	The wife and myself stopped by yesterday for lunch.  I have seen this place many times on my way to return the rental car, but never stopped before.It was a pretty decent lunch.  I had a Rueben sandwich with fries and the sandwich was a triple decker and very moist.  The fries were nice and crisp and the service was a little above average.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke, but being in Vegas a person tends to get used to that.  I am glad that I stopped in and will come back again when in the area to try other things.
5	I'm a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, and Winchell's is always one of my first stops - and not just because it's so conveniently located near the rental car center! I dream of the California burger with house-made chips, and the service is always fast and friendly. They really treat you like family here!
5	I come every Friday for the great clam chowder. Lots of clams and flavored perfectly. This week I got a royal flush and four aces! I always do well on their games, but this week was spectacular. The staff is always super friendly and remembers my favorite drink. It's ready when I sit down. Check it out if you haven't!
4	Love how close this place is to my house, love the Californian dreamin chicken sandwich! This place has a friendly staff and is kept clean. I have been here a bunch of times and have never been disappointed!!
1	This place is disgusting.  First of all it is so filthy it was actually grossing me out to eat there.  I was going along with my friends so I didn't want to say anything the carpet alone was disgusting I didn't even want to walk on it. The waitresses were friendly and it was decorated for Christmas.   I ordered a French dip and I bit into it and I could just tell that the roast beef was old and had a funny taste to it.   Sure enough I was sick all night.  I would never return to this place for as much as people hype about it no thanks
1	Came here for lunch today with my friend for the first time. I ordered Cuvee Salads around noon. I had a bloated stomach, headache and loss of appetite afterward. I skipped dinner since I didn't feel like eating.Now 11-12 hours later, I ended up vomitting TWICE what I ate for lunch there.I will probably never come back to Winchell's Pub & Grill again.
3	This is a decent place to grab some food near the airport when you need something quick and easy on your arrival or departure.  It seems to have more of a bar with food type atmosphere and could be compared to a local version of an Applebee's.  Its a decent sports bar type atmosphere as well with adequate TV's to view from most locations.
4	This place came recommended by a friend and it proved to be a winner. We all met for lunch as they live in Hooterville (Henderson) and we live in Summerlin, it's kinda halfway.Anyway the place is nice inside great bar seating with some booths off to one side. There is also a seperate dining room just up a few steps from the bar. They offer a nice selection of bottled and draft beers....four of which (drafts) carry the name of the bar. I tried the Winchell's IPA, very good. I failed to ask where it was brewed.The food was good; We started off with the Crispy zucchini wedges, very good. I had a chili size my wife had the clam chowder.Our friends had the San Francisco burgerand California dreamin (chicken sammy). All in all our food was hot, tasty and fresh.The service was above par for a sports type bar and our server knew the menu. We'll go back as their dinner menu offered a wide selection of dishes and I'd like to try their other 'local' beers.
