3	I have a ton of nice and not so nice NYC cab stories. Now I had to laugh my first time in a Clean Air Cab, because it smelled like smoke. I asked the driver what exactly was meant by "Clean Air". He was really kind though, charged me less than what the meter read, and was patient with me as I guided, or misguided, him to my new apartment. (I was still learning the neighborhood!) So except for the smell of smoke...
5	Jared and I drank a little too much on Friday night... ok, Jared and I drank a lot too much on Friday night!  We were at dinner at a friend's house about five miles from home but we knew we couldn't drive home. When we realized it was getting late, Jared consulted his Yelp app and called Clean Air Cab to come pick us up... I think I was oblivious that he did so, but it was almost midnight, so thinking back, I'm hoping we didn't overstay our welcome.  While I did have one too many, I do recall that the Clean Air Cab that picked us up was timely, the driver extremely friendly, and that the cab itself was extremely clean.  I've never been inside such a clean cab.  It also made zero noise... now I realize that this is due to the fact that CAC uses only alternative fuel vehicles in order to lessen their carbon footprint.  In addition, their business card receipts are printed on recycled paper.After our impressive experience with CAC, I checked out their website and learned that their tagline is "Go Green and Save Some Green."  How fitting since "you'll never pay a premium to be environmentally friendly with Clear Air Cab. (Their) vehicles cost less to run, and (they) pass the savings on to you."I'm saving the CAC # in my cell phone right now and plan on using them as my local "go-to" cab company in the future.  I suggest you do the same!
5	Went to their website and booked ahead easily (liked that) - they were in my driveway right on time.  Nice spotless new cab, friendly driver.  Let me know ahead of time there were two possible routes to my destination both with pros and cons because of construction in the area and morning rush hour.  Arrived ahead of schedule. Even though I had cash on me was nice to see they have a pinpad in the back passenger area so you could use your card there as an option.
5	I'm in Tempe for a conference and today I was plannig to go to Target to buy a bathing suit.  Being that it was 106 degrees today, the idea of walking was out of the question.  I immediately yelped a taxi cabs and CAC came up. I called them, the guy was friendly and funny and totally patient when I basically told him that I had no idea where the heck I was at and all I knew was that I was in ASU and I needed to get to Target.  Eventually I got an address for a taxi to pick up. About 15 min later (just like the phone guy said) I get a phone from the taxi driver. He picks me up and we're on our merry way. On our way to Target I see two fellow friends flagging us down and even though we passed them, Arvin, the driver was nice enough to go back for them. Not only that they convinced me to ditch Target and go to Scottsdale. What I'm trying to say is that, if you are a confused visitor, like me- call CAC for a good reliable, clean, nice taxi service.
5	CAC rescued me and Minnie this morning!Last night, we did the responsible thing and had a designated driver take us home from the nearby Royal Palms hotel where we had a few too many drinks. But when we woke up this morning, that meant we were stranded - our car was still at the Royal Palms!  I guzzled a bottle of water and took one for the road and figured the three mile walk to pick up  the car would be no problem for Minnie and I to handle.  I was wrong... it was way too hot out for Minnie to walk that distance.  She kept wanting to stop in the shade and she was breathing way too heavy for my comfort.  So at about the half way mark, I called Clean Air Cab and requested they come to drive us the rest of the way.  They gave me a window of 5 - 20 minutes and Patrick pulled up in about 15.  And he had no problem taking Minnie in the car, thank goodness!  (I did ask if they were ok with dogs when I called.)On another recent trip from my home to the airport, I got to ride in the Susan G Komen wrapped vehicle. My driver arrived early and patiently waited for me, was super sweet and enjoyable to chat with during the ride.Thanks for the rescue today, CAC, and thanks for giving back to the community with your donating proceeds to Susan G Komen as well... Most of all, thanks for continuing to provide a dependable transportation service.  Minnie thanks you too!
4	Used the wonders of the interwebz to arrange a pick up from CAC and was really amazed at how easy it was, especially since I hate talking on the phone. A few minutes later, I got a text saying our cabbie was outside and we headed out. He was really nice and asked how we usually got to our destination for the night. Only docking a star because he said we could text him directly when we were ready for pick up, but after waiting about 15 minutes we just called another company.
5	I'd like to apply to be a Clean Air Cab groupie please. I've used them a couple of times now and I am truly in love. I never thought I'd say that about a cab company. I'd heard wondrous things about CAC, but I was a little weary to believe the hype. Then I took them for the first time a couple of weeks ago. The cab was punctual (gasp!) and smelled so fresh when I got inside. The driver was super polite and even picked us up when we were finished with the event. A-OK service if you ask me. But, then an airport trip arrived. I knew exactly who to call. Of course, I was running late and had no time to wait for a cab. When I called CAC and told them my dilemma, they said there was a cab within 5 minutes of me. True to their word, the little cab that could showed up right on the dot. The cab driver, Rod, was such a sweet guy. He saw I was overheated and rushed, so like a water guardian, he reached into a little cooler and out pops an ice cold bottle of water. He said he carries the cooler around because he knows how hot summertime can get. Now that's service! The cab ride was cheerful and quick. He got me to the airport on time, he saved me from dehydration and he gave me his card and said that when I came back if I called ahead, he would come get me (even come get my bags) and save me from the airport charge. So thanks CAC, for getting me to my destination in a "clean," friendly, efficient and green manner!
1	I received two calls from the driver telling me he is on his way (AFTER the time he was supposed to arrive) so I continued to wait for him as the clock ticked on... then the driver calls to tell me "I'm here" but when I looked out the window, no one was there. Turns out he went to the "west" street rather than where I was located, which was the "north" street. Didn't matter because he called to tell me this 21 minutes past the time he was supposed to arrive, so I would have missed my plane anyway. Which is exactly what ended up happening. Very, very frustrating.
5	Best cab company. Once you use them you'll never go back and I use a lot of cab.
1	I have no idea how these other reviewers have given this company a high rating, but I had two HORRIBLE experiences with them on my last trip to Phoenix. Read if you're curious, but the bottom line is, this is the WORST cab company I have ever used, they don't know where they are going, hire inexperienced, dangerous drivers, and waste your time!My hotel suggested them, and I'm sure it was some kind of kick-back deal from Clean Air because they didn't live up at all. My co-workers and I wanted to go out to dinner and the restaurant was 9 miles away so we had to cab it. We called CAC and they arrive about 20 minutes later (not a bad wait). When we get in we start to explain where we're going and the cab driver just starts to drive, then turns around and asks us where it is. We inform him we're from out of town, hence the CAB, and he says "oh okay" and continues driving. About 5 minutes later this happens:Cab: You know the address?Us: uhhh, I guess we can pull it up on our phones?Cab: Yeah, yeah, give me the address.Us: *pulls up Yelp, reads off address expecting him to put it in the GPS attached to his dash*Cab: *still driving* Okay, read it slower. *proceeds to pull out his blackberry and WHILE DRIVING enter the address, swerve around cars, and basically scare the hell out of us*Us: OMG!! Why aren't you using the GPS???Cab: *holding the blackberry in one hand, driving with the other* This works fine, I get you there.After following his blackberry GPS for a while he suddenly swerves across four lanes of traffic on the highway and exits, we all scream, and eventually get to the restaurant which WE have to point out to him so he slams on the breaks and let's us out in the middle of the street. Yay, we didn't die!Going back to the hotel we decide to use CAC cause we have their card, I have no idea why. I think we were drugged from the yummy food we had. After we called the dispatcher said it would be 20 minutes, so we turned down the two Yellow Cabs who drove by offering to take us. We should have taken them, it took the guy over 40 minutes to get there and he called me TWICE asking where we were and if I could help him get there. I DON'T LIVE IN PHOENIX, THAT'S WHY I'M USING A CAB. When we got in the driver AGAIN started the meter and started driving before asking us where we were going, or putting in the address. Not wanting a repeat performance I yelled at him to stop the car until he did and told him where we were going, he refused to use the GPS, AGAIN, and said he knew where we were going. Well, he didn't. He took us to the wrong Holiday Inn Express, TWICE. He finally said that we didn't have to pay the full fare, and we settled on a price. It took an hour and a half to get 9 miles, from start to finish.Terrible, terrible cab company.
5	A short list of very real things that I've experienced dealing with cab companies:-A creepy guy in a cowboy hat asking me if I was holding (I wasn't)-A creepy guy who felt that we bonded and should hang out-A creepy guy with a nervous tic, who kept twitching-A creepy guy who, in great detail, explained how giants once lived amongst us though their existence was covered up by government officials-A dispatch girl crying hysterically and hanging up on meA short list of things I've experienced dealing with Clean Air Cab:-Incredibly polite and intelligent dispatchers-Lower overall prices-Sane cabbies-Decent conversation-People willing to go above and beyond (A 3am run to the airport on a Tuesday)-Cabbies that take immense pride in their job and company.In my mind there is no other cab company in Phoenix.  Clean Air Cab is the best.  Repeatedly rated the top cab company in Phoenix with a fleet numbering less than 50 out of several thousand cabs, Clean Air Cabs is doing something right, and I feel great in supporting them.And really, thank god they never talk about giants.
1	ABSOLUTE RIP OFFWhen I ask you to restart your meter because you left it running from the previous passenger, or "what your starting rate is?," I expect an honest answer. Instead, I went from a good night to being P.O.'dI was picked up at 5th & Scottsdale, and asked to go to the Indigo Hotel. While I saw the meter was still running from the previous customer, I wasn't expecting to get ripped off. But you were ready to WERK! You took the loop around American Junkie rather than staying on Stetson and taking Civic Center, and when I arrived you decided to look at me and allow me to figure out the fare on a cleared meter.You charged me $14 because you "didn't have $10." ... to make change for my $20 bill... for what in the past is a $5. cab ride..  I'm not an idiot. I've 'been there, cabbed that!' and I know you just took advantage of me.. Too bad for you!You didn't know that I took a picture of the blanked out meter, your 'cab license #,' your car license plate, and an iPhone picture of your face... and I will be submitting a fraud complaint elsewhere as such behavior can't be legal.P.s. Your I like your yellow hat, young fellow, but I do not like you!
2	i got a lift in a clean air cabforeign driver, tried to gabbroken english, metered farejust wonderin', 'bout, the "clean air"part...your drivers, ever shower?when? once every, hundred hoursbehind the wheel? please, christmas treeair freshener, god help me, breatheclean air, realize that you are greenbut cabby, tip, put on degreenot fair that i should sit and smellthat stench, clean air's, my dante's hell
5	This is my preferred cab. What's not to like about nice customer service representatives, clean cabs, and professional drivers? I have the business number programmed into my phone and I have the contact numbers for a few of their drivers who I call directly. I take a cab on average three, four times a week and every ride is with Clean Air Cab. Overall, as many times that I take a cab, Clean Air saves me money because it is cheaper than Discount, Yellow Cab, and gypsy cabs. I have had one memorable bad experience: the driver called me to say he would arrive in 10 minutes, he didn't show up until 25 minutes later, and he had a BO issue. I have given up on other cabs, they can't beat Clean Air Cabs!Another thing, the drivers don't act pissed off because you're paying by credit card. With other companies, they claim that their system isn't working or the card was declined.
5	Two stellar experiences with this company! On time drivers, squeaky clean cabs, reasonable fares, no funny business, functioning credit card machines, carbon neutral/negative.  WIN!
5	The cab driver was EARLY.  Loved it.  I love that you can book online.  The cab was super clean and the driver was excellent and friendly.  Definitely going to keep their number on speed dial.
5	professional, nice, clean and quick!
5	I love this company!  They are clean, courteous, kind and professional.  I would tell you that if you ever have an opportunity to call a cab in the Phoenix area to use them.  Unfortunately, you will not be able to take one of their cabs from the airport..which is awful beacuse it allows horrible cab companies like AAA the ability to leave a horrific first impression with our area visitors.  Clean Air Cab all the way!
5	If you haven't tried Clean Air Cab company, you are seriously missing out! We stumbled (literally) upon them one night out in Old Town and were pleasantly surprised that the fare home was about $1.50 cheaper than discount.  That may not sound like much, but we only live 2 miles away.  We've used them several times since, and have been equally pleased.  They are very quick to pick up and you can also schedule a pick-up in advance online, and get an estimated fare.   I used this method last week to go to the airport and it worked out great. Sorry green car, from now on we'll be riding baby blue from now on!
1	Mostly ok service, but two strikes and you are out...Second ride from these guys, the driver is heading to the airport.  You know that big flat plot of asphalt with all the big noisy things going up and down?  This guy didn't know.  He gets on the 202W from Priest, in the left ("AIRPORT") lane, then at the last second veers over to the right ("202") lane.  Had to take the next exit and go around.  Almost missed my flight.  A week later a different guy (they're all different) tries to take backroads.  I direct him to the 202, and the fare ends up being $19+.  I think: maybe it's a lot longer to go the highway than the usual small roads.  So next time out I go the exact same route and watch the meter.  Under $11.Take them if you must, but copy down the cab number and name, if you can make it out.
1	I liked this company. They were good to me. Until the day no one showed up to take me to the airport and I had to drive myself and pay a total of $150 for parking at the airport lot! The excuse? I wasn't in the system. Um, your dispatcher repeated my number to me when I made the call, so how can I not be in there? Then the second excuse. We sent someone there, and they did pick up a person (at exactly the same time). But that person wasn't me. Inexcusable!
4	I don't have a car here in AZ, so I rely on public transportation and taxi services. And for any of you who are without cars, you know and understand how important it is for your ride (be it bus or taxi) to *be on time* or your entire schedule is pushed back waiting for your next ride.I've had bad experiences in the past with taxis in the Tempe/Chandler/Mesa area: none have been on time/would take too long to get to me. I called Clean Air Cab in advance and when the time came, the taxi was there 2 minutes early. PRO: Friendly driver. She told me she was a retiree from a respectable place, so I was glad to know my driver wasn't a total nut-zo. We had a nice little conversation but she did have a good sense of when I did not want to talk. Most important, it was **ON TIME**! CONS: Driver was an amateur, and not too familiar with payment machine (which is fine). However, she did forget to start the meter because she was talking, and asked me to give her an average price I would pay for other taxis. I'm totally clueless how much it would cost, so she gave me an average of $1.80/mi and a $2.50 surcharge (I did see that when she started the meter) and then we fumbled around with the GPS to see the total mileage she had driven. We finally estimated a price, and I'm not too sure if I paid more than I needed to or not...I will definitely make clean air cabs as my go-to cab service :)
5	In honor of the impending NYE celebrations that will be happening all across the Valley tonight, I thought it was only fitting to update my review for Clean Air Cab. Let this be a reminder to all you party animal elves tonight; don't drink and drive! Either stay close to home so you can walk home, pay a designated driver to stay sober or take a cab like Clean Air Cab! It's worth the wait, I promise. C.A.C is my favorite cab service because they are local, they are clean, they are friendly and they are speedy. Granted, if you call C.A.C. on a night like tonight, there will be a wait, but like I said, it's worth the wait to know you are getting into a safe cab that's authorized to drive people around. I'm especially talking to the ladies out there who will be taking a cab home after the bars. Stay safe and call Clean Air Cab.
1	Can we just pretend that the one star is in fact a quarter of a star? Their automated system sucks! And they have no sense of customer service! They sent a cab meant for Tempe all the way seven miles down through Mesa, and it took them well over an hour to correct the problem, with no apologies, no reparations, no satisfaction what so ever!
5	Expertly run, always early, new cars, showered & college educated drivers, small eco footprint.  Easy choice.
5	I only had great experience with CAC so far (unlike yellow cab, who are forgetting sometimes what customer service is). Mainly use it to go to the airport, they always show up no later than 15 min after the call. In a word, fast, friendly and very reliable!
5	This company has an amazing community and global mission, in addition to providing stellar service.   Recently my husband and I experienced some car troubles, so instead of renting a car for a few days to get us back and forth to work, we decided to use a cab service.  When I realized that CAC had the best fare rates and that I could book on-line, I booked our trips with them.  All of the drivers were professional and friendly, the cabs were clean, and there was no mumbo jumbo with the meter or final price. The only negative I can think of was when one driver picked me up, he didn't say a word to me other than to sort of grunt when I gave directions, and then turned the radio to some station that sounded like it was playing the birthing of a horse as people commentated in the background.  Definitely a bit creepy, but also sort of hilarious!  All of their other drivers were professional and friendly. Today, I called CAC to pick me up from work and Mike arrived promptly to take me home.  The cab was clean, as expected, and Mike quickly brought up my destination on the GPS and had me home in record time.  I paid the fare using their incredibly convenient card machine and headed into my house.  It wasn't until a few hours later that I realized I left my briefcase in the cab.  It was now around 10:00 at night, and heart pounding, thinking that my stuff was probably gone for good or that Mike would be across town, or that he wouldn't even answer if I called, I pulled up Mike's number and gave him a call.  He recognized who I was instantly.  He said he had someone in the cab at that time, but that he would be in my area in 15 minutes.  Roughly 10 minutes later he called to say he was at my home, my bag in hand.  He had even placed the bag in the trunk to ensure no other riders would mess with it.  I have a feeling that had I been in the same situation with any other cab company, the driver would have been at a pawn shop making money off my possessions a few minutes after dropping me off.  Mike's integrity and quick response was amazing.  I can't fully express how much I appreciate his care with my belongings.  I highly recommend using Clean Air Cab if you need a ride!
1	Bad. I had to take my car to get fixed and my new puppy needed food, so I called clean air cab to take me to pet co. I was quoted 25 minutes maximum and 30 minutes later I called back to see where my can was because it hadn't arrived nor did I get a call with an ETA. The person I spoke with said they would have the driver contact me. I called back again because I hadn't recieved a call. The girl on the phone told me the driver tried to call and since I didn't answer he left. I had no missed calls and when I asked them to verify my number to see if my contact information was correct, it was all right. Hmm? So I asked another cab to be sent out and got quoted another 30 minutes. This is not the first time this has happened either. I only use clean air because they're cheap, but if you need to be somewhere on time, stick to discount cab, they're pretty realiable and the fare is decent. You'll save yourself a lot of hassle.
3	I called and it took longer than I was told to arrive. I was called by the driver a few times, there was a problem in communication from the dispatcher. In that time I actually saw another cab drop off a patron but decided to wait for the cab I called. The driver was courteous and cab was clean but the confusion and wait merit a 3 rating.
5	In Arizona, this is the cab service to use. The cabs are clean and the drivers are friendly. They offer water bottles in the car and always show up promptly.
5	Whenever I need to take a cab in a new city, I worry that they're just never going to show up. The driver from Clean Air Cab called me back when he was on the way, and showed up promptly (I'd guess about 10 minutes from when I called). Perfect service.
2	Called 2 hours in advance for a pickup.  At the time they were supposed to arrive they called to say they had no cars in north Phoenix.  Fortunately I had another option - but this last minute notification was completely unacceptable.
3	I have mixed feelings about Clean Air Cab and therefore am stuck in the middle on my overall opinion. Here's the pros & cons:PROS:+GREEN: Getting picked up in a Prius is always awesome and I appreciate that this company allows me to feel good about my choice of transportation. I wish it was MANDATORY that all cabs be hybrid or electric vehicles.+CLEAN: Both times I took Clean Air Cabs the vehicles were immaculate. There is nothing worse than being stuck in stinky and/or dirty cab!+CARING & NORMAL: To have a normal guy drive me who I didn't have to worry about asking me on a date or burying me in the dessert? Yes, I'd pay extra and during my first run I did have a really nice driver. We got lost, but that's in the cons portion.CONS:+LOST: During my first experience I asked the driver to take me to Nordstrom's because I wanted to buy some shoes. My hotel was literally 1.3 miles away (I know I'm a lazy ass, but it was crazy hot outside!) from Fashion Square (the largest mall in Scottsdale) and my driver had to drive in a circle because he got lost. He didn't look it up on his GPS until after he realized he didn't know where I was going. As a tourist who trusted that my cab driver knew where he was going, this was both frustrating and confusing.+ANNOYING: I requested a Clean Air Cab take me to the airport and my driver was the exact opposite of my first driver. The plus was we didn't get lost, but he was not caring to say the least and seemed annoyed that he had to drive me to the airport. Really dude? I suggest your boss start stamping a note on your paycheck that reads: "FROM YOUR CUSTOMERS." It's the truth!I'd still choose Clean Air Cab on my next visit to Scottsdale simply because the vehicles are GREEN & CLEAN, two pluses that few other companies will be able to provide.31 Yelps Challenge: #27/31
5	Greg, our driver , was really good. Highly intelligent and interesting. Right on time. The only glitch was the GPS.  Otherwise, a great way to be carted around town.
2	I've been using Clean Air Cab as my default company for quite a while. However, my last experience with Clean Air Cab has completely changed my opinion. I called at 10:15pm for a cab to take me to the airport, the man on the phone asked if I needed the cab immediately and I said yes. He did not give me an estimated wait time which in hindsight should have been a red flag, but I wasn't too worried since every time I previously used Clean Air they always arrived at least within 15 minutes, usually within 10. Thirty minutes later, right as I was getting ready to call again to ask if there was a problem, a driver called me and said that there were no other available cabs and he was about 35 minutes away. Completely unacceptable. I told him not to come and called Discount Cab, thank goodness Discount arrived promptly and the driver made it to the airport in record time after I told him what had happened or I would have been seriously close to missing my flight. It would have been nice if the man who answered my call to begin with would have given a warning that it was going to be over an hour wait, at least then I could have called another company immmediately and saved myself the stress of running late and scrambling to arrange another ride. Two stars because I've had good experiences with Clean Air before, but after what happened this last time I do not feel comfortable relying on this Company. Next time I'll skip the hassle and call Discount first.
1	Called a couple hours ahead to schedule a pick up and dispatch said I was all set.  Then I get a call 1 minute before my scheduled pick up time to let me know that they can't make it in time and they don't know how long it would be.  Missed my appointment and will NEVER be calling them again.
2	I have mixed reviews as well as some of the others. The cabs are clean & environmentally friendly. Our cab driver arrived right on time. I was told he'd call when he was outside, yet he did not. Thank goodness the neighborhood dogs alerted me to his arrival. He didn't seem to know basic street characteristics. I mean, if your cab driver has to make a u-turn because he didn't know he couldn't go left on a major road, that doesn't bode well. We asked our driver for his card & if he was available, he said he would pick us up. Well, he said he could pick up us in 20 minutes. Then 30 minutes later, he said he was running 15 minutes late. We were basically stuck at that point. Fortunately, we found an empty cab going our direction after we had waited about 45 minutes. I probably won't be using this company again. Disappointing.
1	Somehow my previous 1 star review was removed, so here we go again.  Called a couple hours ahead to schedule a pick up and dispatch said I was all set.  Then I get a call 1 minute before my pick up time saying that they won't make it in time and they don't know how long it would be.  Missed my appointment and will NEVER call them again.
5	I'm always happy when I take a Clean Air Cab -- the interiors are clean and neat, the drivers are friendly, and the cars are green! I always feel safe when taking one home after a night out, which is very important to me. I also appreciate that they are a local business that supports other local businesses. I would recommend them to anyone in the Valley looking to take a cab!
4	I have to say that Clean Air Cab is my cab of choice when visiting Phoenix.  They are green, the drivers are friendly and their rates are better than some of their competitors.  I've never had a bad experience using them.  I definitely can't say that for their competition, who seems to have a monopoly at the airport.
5	Used Cleanair Cab twice in the past week while in the Tempe/Phoenix area.  Very friendly and prompt service.  They use Prius vehicles so I guess they're helping the environment.  The cabs were clean and routes direct.  Would definitely recommend their service.
5	What do you do when your wife takes your car key chain to work with her?1. Get mad2. Worry3. Call Clean Air CabThe answer is 3.  This is a real story by the way. . .My cab was at my house about 20 minutes after I called.  Friendly, fast service--got my daughter to school and me to work with a few minutes to spare.  Price very good, and you get to ride in a hybrid vehicle to boot.  The inside of the cab smelled like a cheap hotel, but that was really the only negative I experienced.Really friendly service from start to finish, and the price was right.Need to call a taxi?  Call these guys--they did me right.
4	Generally good service at a fair price. Double check your reservations. Although they completely missed my reservation once. Even after they confirmed.  However in all other cases, they have been terrific.
1	Twenty min after I call the dispatcher the driver calls to tell me another 20 minutes. Cabs on Phx are a joke all around. Time is clearly not an issue with them.
1	Had to get to the airport, called at 4 am to schedule a cab for 7. 7:05 no cab. Call they knew who were were, there must be a glitch. "We're putting a rush on it"7:20 no cab, no call. Call the company they are surprised we haven't been contacted7:25 call from driver with wrong address.We have no idea where he is. We cancel. Now my wife has to drive to the airport in rush hour.7:28 I call to tell them we're unhappy and am told the driver will be there in 18-20 minutes. My wife has already left. Usually my wife writes the reviews.
1	Your drivers are good people. Your dispatch is an utter embarrassment to customer service.
2	This is my first ever yelp review but found it necessary after my last two run ins with this company.  Understand I was one of the biggest fans of this company for a long time.  However the last two times I have used them or has been miserable.  I always scheduled online and verified with phone call, this process is usually seamless.  My last two times I have scheduled for an airport drop off and schedule it 2 hours and 20 minutes before my flight departure.  Both times I have had to call to get a status five minutes after I am supposed to get picked up and get the same story we are busy we should be there in 20 minutes.  What is the point of a scheduled time if you can't stand by it.  I understand once therefore the second chance but two times in a row is a failure.  They offered two call another cab company which was nice but I can do that too.  Two stars because of my previous good experiences but as a business traveler I won't be using them again.
4	Asked to be picked up half an hour early just in case - my cab arrived a few minutes before that! Only complaint was that my driver sped more than necessary - this is Phoenix, not Chicago; slow down! Overall pleased and I will likely be using this company again.
5	I had Brandy as a driver and she was awesome we were coming home from Strong Beer Fest and Brandy was awesome and picked us right up. Took us from downtown to Tempe and had a perfectly cooled cab. We love her.
1	They suck! Had a confirmation and when I checked at my pick up time, they hadn't even scheduled it. Never again Clean Air Cab!!!!
4	This can company is ok. The service isn't great but I do like that they do a lot of work in sustainability.
1	ZERO STARS!! Don't use them!!!' I reserved a 4am pickup to airport. Driver showed up at my house a week early. I called to confirm that they had date and time correct. At 4am this morning, driver didn't show. I called dispatch and all they could tell me is that there is no driver available. They are unorganized and undependable!
2	I have generally had good experiences with clean air cab- on time, easy to book... I also like that the fleet is consistent (Prius, not random personal cars). But my cab this morning wreaked so badly of cigarettes, I could literally smell it as I was approaching the cab. Now I smell of cigarettes as I am about to get on my plane. Feels a bit ironic- "keeping the air clean while suffocating its passengers with the smell of cigarettes."
5	Needed a cab ride to and from car repair to work and back to repair shop. Called day before to schedule pickups.  Jay was early for pickup both times and got me where I needed to go and was real pleasant.  Cab was clean and smelled ok.  All was good.
5	Great ride to the airport. Driver showed up on time and called me before picking me up at 3:50am. Cab was a new, clean electric smart car. Probably depends on the driver but Jesse picked me up and exceeded my AM expectations of a cab ride. Would use again for sure.
5	I've used Clean Air Cab at least half a dozen times. They are always on time, usually 5-10 minutes early. The drivers have been very professional. Definitely recommend.
1	Reserved a cab about 12 hours in advance for a ride to the airport.  No call back as mentioned on the web site.  This was the second time I did not receive a call back. Called at 6:48am on 6/29 to see if we could get our 7:10 cab early to the airport.  I was told that our driver will be calling.   At 7:07, after no call or text,  I called back to see if our driver was even going to be on time.   This time I was told the driver would be 5 minutes late.  At 7:17, the driver called to say he would another 20 minutes.  Huge failure on the part of your business.   I will no longer be using clean air cab and will be reporting this experience with others.
5	I use this company all the time to get from Gilbert to PHX.  They have always been on time or early so perfect rating from me.
1	In the past we have had good experience with this company but this morning they screwed us.  Made a reservation on line last night for a cab to the airport at 5am.  After not receiving the promised call back with a confirmation I had to call them.  They initially could not find the reservation.  After about 10 minutes on the phone the reservation was found and he assured me it was set.Well, at 5 minutes after 5 this morning I finally got a call from the driver telling me he was late and 15 minutes away.  I told him to forget it.  Had to drive ourselves.End result will be $120 parking bill at the airport due to their incompetence!
5	Clean Air saved me at 1am out in the rain after Discount Cab stood me up. The dispatcher was friendly and very helpful, the driver was professional, gave me a call right after I requested the cab and arrived exactly when he said he would.
4	I wrote a review a few years back, and had to write another today.  Had a bad experience with another cab company this morning, so for the return trip in the afternoon, I called Clean Air Cab instead. Clean Air Cab called back to confirm my online reservation and told me when to expect the driver.  Driver called and told me he was on his way and then called again when he arrived.  Was able to complete my credit-card transaction with no problems. Fast, courteous, clean, on-time -- thank goodness after a bad morning with that other company.
