4	I havent been to the four other locations, but excited to have a new food option in my hood. It's exactly what I expected - healthy cafe fare. Meh, for some, a positive for me. Nice to have the option to go somewhere and eat clean if I want to....or not and get some fries with it. The BF and I decided to share: Curried chicken salad sandwich - this had nice flavor and enjoyed the pear (? or green apple) and raisins in the mix. We chose French bread, but it came on a ciabatta shape instead, that's OK though. We picked sweet potato fries as our side and that was standard, but solid fare. Angel Hair Bolognese - anytime I see bolognese I do want to try it. This was more in the "meat sauce" catagory than bolognese with carrots, celery, peas, etc. in it that other spots do. It was a rather large bowl and came piping hot! Decent homestyle sauce though. It's counter order, get a number and DIY drinks so there isn't "service" to rate, but they we're friendly at the counter. I've seen in other locations reviews that it was "pricey", so I was actually surprised it was prices I was fine with. $9.95 for a sandwich and side didn't seem outrageous to me when a shitty chain diner like Denny's is charging about that. I'm sure we will be back. I hear so much about their juice and smoothies that I definitely have to pop in for one soon as well as more of the menu. Good addition to the area, we don't really have a little cafe up here.
5	Yay!  This place is awesome! We'd been to the Summerlin location two years ago and we just ordered smoothies. They were good but the place was small and so crowded and we just never made it down that way again.Now Rachel has a place up here in Centennial. We've been in a few times and I LOVE it. So many options for those who have to be gluten free. :D  Sandwiches and even pasta can be ordered gluten free. Sadly, wraps, burgers and pancakes don't have that option. But I'm not complaining. It is so cool to have somewhere I can go and actually order a sandwich! Their 440 sandwich is soooo flippin good. I've also tried the smoked turkey and avocado. It was good but the 440 is just on an entirely different level. The protein lovers scramble is pretty awesome too. Very cheesy so if you are like my husband and like cheese just not A LOT of cheese, you might want to ask them to go easy.Service is friendly, the prices are reasonable. Not really that much more than you'd pay anywhere else. The restaurant is roomy, bright and cheery. We'll be going back a lot. My goal is to try all their sandwiches but it will be difficult not to order the 440 again right away.
4	I've walked/ driven past Rachel's Kitchen at The District or their Summerlin locations.  Their menu seems like I couldn't get a triple bypass after eating here so I never bothered giving them a try. After a hearty brunch at a cafe nearby, I was craving for a smoothie real bad so we went here. I normally get anything with strawberries but I wanted something with Nutella...or chocolate. They don't have anything with Nutella so, I got Peanut Butter Blast (chocolate peanut butter cups, bananas, peanut butter, chocolate milk and non-fat vanilla frozen yogurt).  I'm not a fan of chocolate peanut butter cups but if it's in smoothie form then, it's not too bad. It wasn't as thick as a smoothie should be but the taste was great. The friend got an oatmeal raisin cookie and a Sunrise smoothie (strawberries, bananas, OJ, apple juice and non-fat vanilla frozen yogurt).  The consistency was perfect and you can tell real fruits were used.  We waited about 10 minutes for our smoothies.  You can add protein powder to your smoothie for $1. The cookie was crisp and not a lot of butter was used.  That's a good thing, right?They have lots of healthy options such as salads, turkey burger, sandwiches, wraps, soups and fresh fruit juices.  I'll definitely be back to try their wraps or sandwiches.
2	Not only are the prices OUTRAGEOUS, but the staff had zero personality. They messed up on my husbands order and had to take his food back after we waited about 15 minutes before it was served. We both ordered chicken wraps, which seems like a relatively easy food to make, but it took a very long time before it came to our table. The server was nice and she was apologetic about the order being messed up, but it was rather frustrating that we had waited so long and now had to send it back.If I had to give the owner a piece of advice I would say to move the blender to the back of the restaurant. It was right up front next to the order station and we had to repeat everything we said and the guy who took our order would never speak loud enough over the blender so it made for a very confusing ordering experience.We won't be back - the cost of 2 wraps and 1 shared drink was $25. It was good, but not that good.
4	Food is great and their smoothies so delicious!! The prices are a little high, but it is wholesome food. I plan on coming back. I may just pick up a smoothie on my way to work. Staff was nice and helpful explaining the menu.5/23/14Ate here again and got the BBQ chicken wrap. The chicken was dry and hard and would hurt my mouth to chew. My husband's fries were soggy. Despite the food being bad the manager made it right by refunding our money and offering us a gift card. The food is usually great. I will stay a loyal customer.
2	I was so excited to see a new restaurant near my house, however this place was a huge regret. We were expecting healthy home made foods, what we got was a grilled cheese that was microwaved on ciabatta bread, onion rings and fries that are exactly like store bought frozen brands, an overpriced smoothie and a bland turkey sandwich that tasted like one you cold buy at a supermarket deli or gas station. The restaurant itself is small, uncomfortable with glass mosaic top tables that should be outdoors only!
4	I was thrilled Rachel's Kitchen opened this location!! I love their fresh healthy options. I met a friend here for lunch, her salad arrived promptly and my grilled chicken sandwich (440 sandwich) and garden salad came out shortly thereafter. I normally get their roasted veggie sandwich but the chicken was good, I deducted a star because I felt like it had been grilled previously and just heated up.
5	Second visit to this location....my star deduction last time was for chicken I felt may have been previously cooked and heated back up. I ordered the chopped salad this time, opted for chicken and got a much better result.I loved not only the flavors, but the textures found in the salad. It was filling without being heavy (no food coma!) and honestly, even though I had it for dinner last night I'm having a hard time convincing myself I don't need another one for lunch today! :)
2	First time at Centennial location. I tried something new to me: breakfast burrito and Sweet Greens juice.  Neither are for me. Burrito did not list onions as an ingredient but was filled with them. No real flavor to the eggs and avocado. Potatoes were ordinary. Juice tasted too much like celery for my tastes. Won't get these again. Typically, I like RK. Hopefully this location will be as good as the District one next visit.
4	2nd visit, a bit pricey for 2 turkey club w/fries. Very clean...both visits register staff could use some customer service training not very friendly, guess its better than them being rude.
5	This place was awesome. Crowded, but so tasty. I had the BBQ bacon burger and the sweet green juice. Such a nice change from your run of the mill chain restaurant. A lot of reviews have commented on the fact that the burgers are only cooked medium or medium well, as a medium rare lover myself, I really didn't notice a difference. Somewhat pricey but you get what you pay for. If you want greasy and cheap, this is not the place you are looking for.
5	Our visit was great, service was wonderful, and the food was delicious. I'm so glad to have Rachel's kitchen in centennial!!!
4	A quick bite before doing errands can land you in a pinch and with a belly full of fast food. Instead of the drive thru, I opted to go into Rachel's Kitchen to get a wrap and a smoothie. The use of mayo in the wrap could be lessened, or cut out, but otherwise the food was good. The smoothies are on the sweet side. The use of frozen yogurt makes the drink more of a dessert than a meal supplement. Getting the Acaiberry smoothie without made all the difference. The employees are always helpful and friendly. The initial greeting once you walk through the door sets the pace. They gave me time to look over the menu, but was ready to when I stepped forward. The menu is broad and takes some time to navigate, but with a few modifications the food is fresh and delicious.
4	My first time to Rachel's kitchen...lots of my Yelp neighbors were makin a big deal out of it, so I figured I would give them a go when the time was right!The items I've tried so far :440 Sandwich ($10.50): Grilled Chicken Breast, Goat Cheese, Avocado, Roasted Red Peppers and Tomatoes, and Romaine Lettuce. Good, healthy sandwich lol. It felt a little spendy, but you are paying for fresh ingredients in a health conscious restaurant...so it kind of comes with the territory. Hawaiian Bliss Smoothie : Pineapples, Banana, Coconut, Pineapple Juice, and Non Fat Vanilla Frozen Yogurt. This was probably my favorite shake out of the 3 I've tried so far!Sunrise Smoothie : Strawberries, Bananas, Fresh Squeezed OJ, Apple Juice, and Non Fat Vanilla Frozen Yogurt. 2nd favorite...yum :PPeanut Butter Blast Smoothie : Bananas, Peanut Butter, Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, Chocolate Milk, and Non Fat Vanilla Frozen Yogurt.  I think they compensate for the peanut butter, since that shake was a little more "runny" vs the others.Oatmeal Raisin Cookie and Chocolate Chip Cookie ($1.50ea). Good cookies...they probably go light on the butter and sugar here. Juuust sweet enough, but it's definitely a "healthy" cookie.Overall it is a pretty good deli style setup for quick eats that won't make you feel guilty eating it afterwards :)Check out the pics :
3	Just OK but overpriced.  Had the protein scramble which was yummy but potatoes and toast were not special compared to other local breakfast chains in town.  Sweet greens juice was good but small juice was 16 oz;  8 oz is sufficient and would help cut down price.  Another disturbing thing is that although it touts itself as a "health conscious" restaurant, only about 15 items on the menu have nutrition information.  This makes me wonder about the other food items and how healthy they may or may not be.
1	I honestly have never had a bad experience here... My husband and I go all the time. Tonight (9/11/13) we went in at 8:00pm (their website AND store sign say they close at 9:00pm). We walk in (mind you, this is AFTER all the storms have passed through- sky is clear, in fact), there are people who just received their food, and there is another couple that were almost done.. Total of 4 people eating inside. We walk in, and are INSTANTLY (and rudely) told "were closed due to the storm" um... WHAT?? What storm. I laugh and say "you're kidding right? The storm is over" and once again, the cashier says "we're closed Due. To. The. Storm. Warning". So we left. We probably will never go back to this Rachel's Kitchen, or any others. And I will not be recommending this place. It's a shame what customer service has come to. This place ant too special, and I can go down the street, and get the same thing, for less, with better service.
4	We stopped in here to get a couple of juices and smoothies.  The place was not real crowded when we arrived, our order was taken quickly, however, the drinks took forever.  There were some people who came in after us who seemed to be regulars and they received their items before we received our juice.  Not sure what the issue was with the juice, but this is a place we would go back to, no question.....
4	My husband and I decided to try this "fresh" place out! Food was very good, juices and smoothies are also great. Definitely, a good place for a quick, healthy bite.
4	Very good and healthy!  Coffee was so so.  Juices very good. Prices about a dollar too much.  Friendly service.
4	Thank goodness for fresh juice!!  Carrot, cucumber & lemon!  And the breakfast was great as well!!!
4	The food is great and I believe you get what you pay for in quality. My only compliant is the staff. The past 3 times I have been in there, the girls working at the counter are rude.... I will still go back for the smoothies and BBQ chicken wrap.
2	My first issue was these staff go to work everyday. I called and said where are you located? And lord and behold...I talked to three different staff and noone could tell me how to get to the place at all. It was like talking to Larry, Curly, & Moe. (The Three Stooges) ...If your to young to know who they are google them. Keep in mind I was on Durango when I called. They gave me the run around and as adults/professionals its sad. Because I was not talking to children or teens. I was almost ready to give up and go home when I looked over to the right and bam I saw Rachel's Kitchen. Wow I was this close and they was busy telling me they next to subway. Hmmmm No they are not next to a subway. Shaking my head. Once I placed my order I had to wait almost 45 minutes to get my order. I had the pleasure of getting the turkey club & I had the pleasure of trying my very first smoothie ever. It was a peanut butter blast. It tasted very watered down. I could taste peanut butter tho it was just strange and weak. If this is what a smoothie is then I wont be trying another. (I don't crave water & peanut butter.) No one had cleaned the dining room. The table I sat at was dirty along with the table across from me and next to me as well. Once I did get my food I took it with home with me.  I can't eat in an environment if its nasty. I did do research before I went to this location I read other reviews. And I did have the pleasure of seeing other yelpers eating at the dirty tables as if this is just the place to hang out and chill. They never looked twice at the dirty floors or dirty tables. It made me wonder to be honest. The staff over all lack friendliness. And I did return with the husband we again took home our food. They really need someone to clean the eating area.Truth is this food just seems to be over priced and not enough love goes into the food. What I mean is this they tell you on a sandwich comes cheese, avocado, red onions and blah blah blah. But when you get the sandwich its like they going thru mad budget cuts. They don't put enough of anything on it. Its like I paid for this so how on earth are you gonna hold back my mustard. Now understand I'm not talking about extra mustard. What I mean is more mustard than a pen drop. If your gonna skim on putting my stuff on my sandwich then charge less. Why am I paying 12 bucks for a sandwich if you fix it as if I only paid 99 cents? I did take pictures on my last visit the eating area looked better. But they was extra slow still so I would tell you don't go if your hungry. I cant for the life of me explain why these people are making a sandwich and it takes them 45 minutes to an hour.
4	Simple food and healthy.  Good stop for an easy good for you meal.
5	Love this place! The food is always fresh, and terrific, the staff is friendly.  They are a great alternative to fast food, it is healthy, and the protein smoothies are awesome, try the peanut butter blast! It is out of this world!!!
2	My husband and I live pretty close by and decided to try this place out.  The sandwiches and pastas sounded good and they serve breakfast all day...sounded promising at first!  Who doesn't love breakfast food at dinner?!  Well...then we looked at the prices.  Holy smokes.  These portions better be good.  I ordered a breakfast burrito and paid an additional $1.50 to add bacon.  My husband ordered a BBQ bacon burger with onion rings and we split a small soda.  Total came to about $22.  Whoa...we could have eaten at a sit down restaurant for that price.  :\  We then proceeded to wait for 20 minutes or so.  It seemed to take forever.  When we finally got our food, we were a bit disappointed to see the portions.  My husband got literally 4 onion rings on the side and I expected my burrito to be a lot larger for nearly $10.  My breakfast burrito was just ok taste-wise.  I didn't like how it was pretty much all egg with hardly any salsa and I could barely taste the cheese.  For some reason the avocado wasn't spread out evenly throughout the burrito, just a big chunk of avocado on the end of the burrito.  They need to distribute the ingredients more evenly to balance out the tastes.  The part that really ticked me off was the bacon I paid an additional $1.50 for...The bacon was just tiny little chunks sprinkled throughout the egg and there was hardly any of it!  Seriously?  I paid extra for this?!  I couldn't even taste the bacon in it so I feel it was a total waste to get it.  Extremely disappointing and a total rip-off.Overall, the place is just way too overpriced for average food.  We probably won't be coming back here.
3	We took my two young children and some friends after the gym and were the only ones in the place. Had the protein scramble, and an Acai smoothie. Both were delicious. The wife was unhappy with here overly greasy grilled cheese.  The kids had chocolate chip pancakes which were slightly burnt on the bottom and macaroni and cheese which was good. I liked the food and would give it a shot during a busy time to see how they'd fare. The food came out quick too. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if I could.
4	Things To Try:- Arugula Pear Salad: Baby arugula, pears, fennel, goat cheese and pecans tossed with a lemon herb vinaigrette- Sweet Greens Juice: fresh pressed kale, spinach, cucumber, celery, apple, lemon and ginger root- Hawaiian Bliss Smoothie: Pineapples, bananas, coconut, pineapple juice and nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt- Fresh Watermelon Juice Would I suggest that others go out of their way to try RK? not necessarily. However, if you live or work in the area, I would pop in. Their ingredients are fresh and I enjoy their fresh pressed juice and salads
5	I absolutely love this place! I enjoy juicing but don't always have the time. This place offer delicious and healthy juices made upon order. The food is always great and the staff always friendly. I LOVE Rachel's Kitchen.
5	I love this place. The food is great and so is the staff. Everytime I come here they go over and above exceeding my expectations. Rachel's Kitchen is definitely my fav place to eat.
4	My friend and I tried this place today, and it was very good. This is a positive addition to this area of town. We went for breakfast, and left full and satisfied. I had "The Favorite", a scramble with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, avocado, and herbs. It was delicious. I love goat cheese but had never had it with eggs before, and now I am definitely a fan. The potatoes tasted freshly made and were seasoned and cooked perfectly, seriously can't go wrong with this dish. My friend had the breakfast burrito which was pretty big. She couldn't even finish half and took the rest of it along with her potatoes home. It came with freshly made salsa, and she gave it all two thumbs up. Her two grandsons had banana chocolate chip pancakes (which I was totally jealous of), and a burger and fries (at 9 a.m.--teenage boys are weird). He said the burger was nice and moist, and I stole some of his fries--yum, for sure. Service was fast and very friendly. The man who rang up our order and delivered our food came over to our table and talked to us for a while about the restaurant and some of the menu items. We appreciated that. I read a review that said the portions are too small for the price, but I would definitely have to disagree with that. We all had food left on our plates at the end of the meal, and we were happy and stuffed. As far as the price goes, as long as the ingredients are fresh and unprocessed, they can justify it. It's not fast food, and I don't expect to pay fast food prices.I will definitely be back for lunch and a smoothie. I'm glad to have the addition of this type of place in the sadly ignored far N/W.
4	Have been here several times, everything is super yummy! Have tried salads, sandwiches and smoothies all delicious. Awesome and friendly service all the time. Really glad this place is close by.
4	The atmosphere is good,  lots of tables for everyone.  Love the lighter choices menu with calories posted.  I opened for the Veggie burger,  it's served in whole wheat bread and a side garden salad with balsamic.  It was great and there was no dairy in this burger also! My hubby opted for the eggs, hash Browns,  two peices of toast.  The hash Browns here nice because they were not greasy.  I also had to have one of their fresh juices,  it had kale,  celery,  beet etc and was a great. Size at the large.  This is a must order. Thus is a great place to go for a healthy fast food option.  Price is slightly higher then your tradition fast food but definitely worth the calories and eating organic.  If you are into gluten free they also have great pasta options for you.
2	Tried Rachel's kitchen for the first time today since my husband was raving about it. I have to say I wasn't impressed. I had the half sandwich and soup of the day. The soup was supposed to be chicken and rice, but really it was veggie soup with a small amount a of chicken and I couldn't really find the rice. The sandwich was the 404 something and the chicken was over cooked and dry. For the price I felt it wasn't worth it. I wasn't even able to finish the soup since it was mostly a clear broth. Not sure if I will try again.
4	Rachel's Kitchen is a cozy modern place. Awesome to be in during a gloomy rainy day. Food and service was good, but I personally feel like it can lure more customers in if the prices were a bit lower.
4	Fettuccini was soooo good.   Chicken in the Cesar was overly dry.  Love the guitarist on Friday night. Good variety in a casual setting.
4	A quite yummy place to grab some brunch. The bbq chicken wrap was amazing! The penne traditional tomato basil pasta was simply deliciosa. I would definitely recommend this to you pasta lovers out there!
1	Lately I've been in this smoothie mood. Since I was in the area I decided to give theirs a shot. I ordered the Peanut Butter Blast. I think it was close to $5. My 3 year old daughter wanted to try it first. Right after she takes a sip she starts spitting it out! On me! Yuck.. I asked her what's wrong and she kept saying it was yucky. It was surprising cause she's never done that with other smoothies. So, I tried it next and boy was she right! It was terrible! The worst smoothie ever (sad to say). It didn't taste like peanut butter or any if the ingredients that was suppose to be in it. I don't know how to describe the taste besides terrible. Ended up tossing it. Waste of money.. Maybe it was an off day to go? Friday.. The staff wasn't friendly either
2	Awful customer service. I ordered my pasta and sat down. There was only one other couple in the restaurant so after waiting about 20 minutes I started wondering where my food was. I saw the cook showing the cashier my ticket and asked if he still needed it. They obviously forgot about me. I was furious. I asked them to make it Togo. Ten minutes later it was done. This is the second time I have had a bad experience here. I will not return. It's a shame because the food is really good
3	Never been to a Rachel's Kitchen until one was opened by me in centennial hills. I've been there twice and overall I would give it 3.5 stars. The food is really good, especially for healthy food. They're chicken salad was as amazing as a salad gets! The second time I got a sandwich with a side-salad which was also very good. I do,however, think the prices are a slightly bit higher than they should be. They're basically like a fast-casual diner... The in between of a fast food restaurant and a casual diner. If they were taking my order at the table, refilling my drinks, and checking up on me every so often I would understand these prices, but they're not. Also, service is very very slow. It took about 20 minutes to make my sandwich... luckily I was in no rush. I mean I probably would come back here, but it'd have to be when I have all the time in the world and if I'm looking to spend money fast.
4	I like this place, The Atmosphere is good!I reccomend this restaurant to everyone!Enjoy!
5	Very good, very fresh food. The smoothies are so good as well. I like that most of the items on the menu are unique. It reminds me of a food place in NorCal that I was a regular at. Check it out!! Btw- I love the smoothies.
3	The eggs a little overcooked but overall the breakfast was good. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the place was clean. Great music selection but a little loud.
3	A bit on the pricey side but hey, you get what you pay for. Cute green patio style tables inside & out. Everything looked so clean & new here. So my peach berry smoothie was delicious. My daughter didn't want to give it back to me. The signature pasta was so good. Not at all what I had expected. It reminded me of the pasta I make at home (that's a compliment by the way ;D) I was a bit let down the the chicken caesar wrap. It was tasty but the chicken was dry. :( And maybe the fries could've been better too. Just plain ol' fries. This place did get points for their choice of music. I felt like I was listening to my own iPod playlist while I was here. It definitely made me perk up and like this place even more. I can see myself coming back to try the other smoothies & burgers here.
5	Great atmosphere.  Great food. Huge menu!  Friendly staff. Lots of healthy choices.
5	Fresh, simple, and delicious. The burgers are fantastic..so good that I keep saying I'm going to try other things on the menu but always end up getting a burger :) Friendly staff also.
4	Ultimate grilled cheese was great!  Would have been a 5star but had to ask for napkins!!!
3	Food was ok. From the name to its actual atmosphere was a little bit different...o I don't know what I'm saying...really..so full I can't think!You gotta go there and taste it for your self!!The food?? Don't want to be pointing out negatives when review things...because it seems as thought that's what we always dread to hear!Why so negative???Yes...the food was good...though I could have cooked the same thing at home...it's what sucks when you gotta rush out in the morning to work with an empty stomach!But hey...try it!!
4	Always friendly staff, clean and consistent food. My found my favorite so I come here for the same sandwich each time. Smoked turkey avocado. Excellent choice for something other than fast food. A little more expensive but worth it or the quality.
2	The meals are expensive the portions are large, and the wait... Is excruciating! The 20+ minute wait and counting is making me very hangry!
1	Incredibly horrible service. Took 45 minutes to get food, which was just a sandwich. Never planning on returning to this location.  Even after the order came out,  it had a salad instead of onion rings and there was mayo  on it which I can't eat because I'm lactose intolerant. Staff is either incompetent or totally disregards customers
5	This place is great. Yes, like other yelpers said, it is a bit pricey but it's good clean food not 15 seconds in a microwave crap. You get what you pay for!!
2	I don't know why I keep returning here. The food and service usually takes forever, especially annoying because there's usually about many employees working... Standing around not doing much. The employees aren't very friendly. They don't greet you or check-in with you during the meal. I also don't like how they take out meals of the same party at different times - sometimes waiting 20 minutes at a time!
5	We are so happy to have a new healthy restaurant near us. We have just been for the first time and we definitely be back. I was very happy with a tuna salad sandwich!
1	People seriously over do it with these reviews. Mac n cheese is not good at all, way over creamed, and taste terrible.  sandwiches are very sloppy, not much meat. And the fries...thanks for the small handfull of fries you gave me. I would give this half a star if I could.
1	What a waste of $22. Me and my boyfriend decided to go here after seeing reviews on yelp. I got the curry chicken sandwich on wheat bread and he got the Mac n cheese. Let's start with the sandwich. There was so many greens on the sanwhich that I might as well have gotten a salad. It was thrown together and falling apart as soon as I picked it up. There was barely any chicken and most of it fell off when I picked up the sandwich. The fries were your everyday fries and the portion was tiny. The Mac n cheese was terrible. It was too liquidy. It lacked in overall flavor. He ended up throwing half of it away because he honestly couldn't stand it. Like I said before, WHAT A WASTE OF $22. Never coming here again.
3	I don't live anywhere near this RK location but decided to stop by when I was in the vicinity. I do think the prices are a bit high- my green drink and veggie sandwich totaled 16$ but I do feel the ingredients are fresh and healthy so paying a bit more for a lighter meal that is satisfying and quick-- I think yes!!
3	I adore most of the Rachel's Kitchens, especially the one located on Ogden. So, I go to this one near my home. We just ordered online for pick up. My husband was very upset with this order. They completely forgot one of two salads. The girl behind the counter was quite rude when asked when the missing salad would be ready as it was taking such a long time. She just ignored my husband. Ummm, you forgot an entire entree for crying out loud, why the attitude. What's more, we ordered ahead. I may just stop going to this particular location. I can go without the snobbery.
3	Came in here for lunch and this lady must've been a new hire, which I don't mind and I was really nice and patient with her, but don't turn around and get frustrated at me for not knowing how to do your job. The least this woman can do is give me decent customer service. They're lucky I even gave them a tip.
5	My go to place for everything! Love it to death!!! It's so busy sometimes but honestly I don't mind waiting!
2	I was hoping for more. Rachel's Kitchen wasn't good, wasn't horrible......I had the cob salad and my husband had a burger....... both were okay.... not bad, but definitely nothing special.Doubt I will be back.
4	Rachel's Kitchen has a small selection wraps and burgers which are all pretty good. Where they really excel is with the smoothies. Highly recommend.
3	On my 2nd trip to Rachel's...I experienced the same problem on my 1st visit....the wait.  The food I love, but the time waiting for a take out order was kinda crazy long.  It seems they are only able to make one order at a time instead of multiple orders at once.  Again, food is good.  But the prep time could use some help.
2	It's really unfortunate that the food at Rachel's Kitchen is so good because lately their service has been downright terrible. I go to Rachel's Kitchen once a week for lunch. Up until today my biggest issue has been the cooks. Without fail, every time an attractive woman walks in, they call each over to the window to check her out and make comments to each other. I get that people might think that's a silly issue, but it's totally unprofessional. This is a restaurant, not a club, boys. Then today, it was pretty busy, but I ordered my salad to go and took a seat to wait. After about 25 minutes I went up to inquire about how much longer it might be. They had set my salad off to the side. The cashier just smiled and said, "Oh, here it is. They must not have called your name." And by "they", I'm pretty sure she meant herself. No apology, no offering to refund my money, nothing. Just placing the blame on some mysterious person. So, there you have it. Great food, crappy service. I guess if you have all day to wait or want to feel good about the way you look by having the people making your food check you out, Rachel's Kitchen is for you!
4	Pretty good organic food! I didn't like the juiced drink I got, probably cuz it tasted so fresh! Didn't give 5 stars because the service was slow and the cook looked pre-occupied staring at women.
3	Been here several times and although their food is good it is overpriced. I ordered the Acai bowl once and it was watery smoothie. Not very good at all. The only thing I really like are their salads.
2	Expensive and plain, just paid 8 dollars for a protein shake, watched the girl make it wrong, and then when I said it was missing an ingredient they said "nope".. Took one taste and chucked it in the trash. Have been here several times before, it gets worse and worse, never going back.
1	Tried twice.    So blah.   Expensive blah.....food tastes like the place looks....Boring!   I just don't get it!
4	This place gets 4 stars from me!  The service is always exceptionable. The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. I usually get the chicken wrap.  Portion sizes are above average.   Recently, I signed up for the rewards program and the girl remembered me from the previous week and added extra points to my account without me even asking her.  I thought that was good. Another time, I wanted home fries and I was not charged.  The parking is easy here.  Also, they have outdoor seating.
2	Expensive for how plain the food was. I was pretty disappointed. Got the tomato basil scramble... Nothing special. Could have saved some $ and made it better at home
3	The best I can say was everything was just ok. I went for breakfast and ordered granola because everything else just seemed uninspired, nothing to get excited about. That plus a side of turkey bacon and a small fountain drink cost me $13 plus tip. The granola came with vanilla yogurt on top, which the menu did not describe. I was initially upset because I didn't want a parfait, but ultimately I was glad because the granola was so blah. There were a few raisins but other than that it was mostly just toasted oats... Nothing crunchy or even holding it together. My friend ordered Banana chocolate chip pancakes. It was a large serving but she ate less than half because  the bottom two pancakes were overcooked and a bit burned. It was clean and the staff was friendly although a bit slow. We were the only two people there and ordered at the same time,  but her pancakes came out about 15 minutes before my granola. The best thing was that they had unsweetened iced green tea.
5	Great! Not many places to get a fresh cold pressed juice in Vegas but this place has you covered.
4	Food, juices and smoothies are always great! Today, my order wasn't what I expected and the young lady who brought my food was sincere and said she would bring out what I though I ordered. When my new order was ready, the lady who took my order came out to check on things and I apologized for the confusion. As she walked away she looked at me and said that she is sure I ordered wrong. Really...My friend and I each spent $20 with a small tip and that comment is acceptable how?
