1	The host/manager was bizarre and intrusive.  He bragged that he is being paid very well.  The door kept being opened for employees to smoke in the alley which made the restaurant freezing.  Food service was quick then fizzled away when we asked for our check it took them about 15 minutes to bring it.  We had to walk up to the waitress and hand it to her because we were so cold and ready to leave.  This was not because she was busy - just chatting with a colleague by the bar.  The food itself was decent but expensive and not worth dealing with the lackluster staff.
5	Wow!  David wined and dined us to perfection.  We started out with delicious bottle of Pinot that he recommended, then had the vol au vent as an app.  Phenomenal...  My girlfriend had the duck was was brazened in a delicious berry sauce, and I had the Filet which was cooked to perfection and the sauce didn't override the flavor of the beef.  We closed it with, what else, Creme' Brulee'.  Also magnificent...The atmosphere is great, the service was the best it gets.
3	The food is decent, the service is decent, the price is not overwhelming, however, Brasserie 33 is not a Point Brugge. I gave 4 stars and not 5 because of the cold bread. Also, I have never been to France and don't know how the French do it in France, but I am NOT a fan of an "open-ish" kitchen. I coughed a few times because of the smoke from cooking. We got a cold prawn with dip and tartare de boeuf for appetizers. Both were pretty good! My moules (i think there is the s in the end) frites (I think they call it moules provencale, the type with the white sauce, herbs, tomatoes and caramelized onions) was actually very good. I am a small portion eater and it was too much food for me. My boyfriend got a NY strip steak and frites. He devoured it. The good thing about Brasserie 33 is that, most of your plate does NOT have white space and what they fill their plate space with is pretty delicious. If you want really awesome steak frites or moules frites, I recommend go to Point Brugge. If you have never had French/Belgian foods, also go to PB. However, if you are near Shadyside, or just want to venture out, B33 is  definitely worth a try. Overall it is a good addition to the all together lacking not beer-n-wings scene in Pittsburgh.  PS #1: The host seemed quite snooty with his "Bon soir" and "Au revoire" and such apparent Frenchie-ness. I would say, please cut it out. You are in America, you are an American, and I don't think you are really adding any value to your restaurant by being high-nosed. You are not French!PS #2: While making a reservation I asked the person on the line if the parking lot (shared by Tokyo grocery and the Laundromat) is free for patrons. The person had no idea! That is not good service. Please have an idea and inform your patrons. I am fine with street parking, I live in Shadyside. However, I am not fine with not getting and answer.
2	Forgive me for reviewing before dining here but I was so appalled at the behavior of the person on the phone today that I had to chime in.  I bought a LivingSocial coupon for Brasserie a few weeks back.  There are no restrictions written on the coupon but when I called to make a reservation for Valentine's Day, they told me I could not use the coupon on that day.  When I pried, the person on the phone rudely said "it was the owner's choice.  I don't know about the rules.  It was the owner's choice.  Speak with the owner".  When I asked for the owner, he said he wasn't there and to call back between 9 and 10 am.  I asked if I could leave a message and have the owner call me and he said no, call back.  I asked again if the owner could call me and he said "I'm going to hang up on you now."  And, he hung up on me!  I could have easily become a repeat customer and now I will NEVER patronize this restaurant.  I even called LivingSocial to get my money back.  There is no reason to be so rude with a customer, especially when they are in the right (there are truly no restrictions on the coupon).
5	C'est magnifique!  I hate to oscillate between giving 5-star reviews and 1-star reviews, but Brasserie 33 really deserves its accolades. I found out about this place through a LivingSocial deal a few weeks ago and decided to give it a shot last night.  The restaurant itself veers closer to the up-scale side of things, but it does so without being pretentious.  The owners and staff are very friendly and personable, and the food itself was fantastic.  We ordered the charcuterie appetizer, bouillabaise, and salmon special.  All of the dishes were delicious. My only warning is that the entrees are enormous- if you order an appetizer, just be ready to take some of your entree home with you.  It was a very enjoyable experience, and I expect to be returning again soon!
4	Brasserie 33 is run by the same people who run La Casa.  If you've ever been to La Casa, you know that they're a little eccentric, but they're fun and make for an interesting evening :)We had a lovely time punctuated by great food and service.  We brought our own bottle of wine since other reviews had mentioned their wines were pricey.  The owner was impress with our wine taste, so he negotiated a bit on the corkage fee ;)  The tables are placed closely together, and the waiters wear traditional black vests with long white aprons, reminding me of New Orleans.  The kitchen is indeed open, and there's a cool metal sculpture over the oven.  I like being able to watch the kitchen work, and neither of us thought it was smokey in the restaurant. I started with the escargot, and my husband had the beef tartare.  Both were excellent, but mine needed a little salt and lemon.  The beef was exceptionally fresh.  We moved on the the cassoulet and canard de cassis (duck).  I must admit that the look of the cassoulet turned me off initially because it kind of looked like pork & beans beans, but my concerns were quickly assuaged when I took a bite. Complex, delicious, and a large portion-- it comes with a sausage link, lamb and duck quarter.  The canard de cassis was fantastic!  The sauce was divine, and the duck was succulent.  Finally, we ended with creme brulee and a hazelnut pastry.  Both were scrumptious.  There was a minor problem during dining, and the waitstaff immediately rectified the situation and comped us on the bill.The food prices were actually not that bad, especially considering the quality and quantity.  We'll be returning!
4	Remarkably French for Pittsburgh. The charcuterie plate is wonderful. The salads are also quite nice. I was a bit underwhelmed by the freshness of the mussels but everything else was great. Fantastic, attentive service.
5	Amazing place for great food.Great view - the place has tons of windows. So if u wana enjoy the sun on a great day then this is the place to be.Their specials are great. Food and wine is a little pricey but the fries are worth it.
4	This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I'm not a French food connoisseur, so I can only judge a French restaurant by things that might make a true connoisseur cringe.  But I consider their French onion soup, their mussels and frites, and their steak and frites.  All of them were solid, and the portions were generous.  The Vol-au-Vent was also amazingly good...the sauce was so good, that we kept asking for bread, just so we could enjoy every last bit of sauce.  Prices are quite good as well.  Now that I think about it, maybe I would give it 4.5 stars.  The service was kinda iffy, and one of the guys made just feel rather uncomfortable, but maybe that's just also authentic French ambiance.
2	I have been wanting to go to Brasserie 33 for a while and a deal on Groupon finally got my butt in a seat.  Unfortunately, it was not what I expected.   For starters, the Groupon said to call for reservations. When I called and said that we were using a Groupon they said they had no reservations available until 9:15pm.  However, they did call me back  3 minutes after we got off of the phone the first time and said that they DID have a table available.  I have a feeling the hostess went to the servers to see if any were willing to take a "Groupon table". Upon arrival, we the tables are  entirely too close.  I could clearly hear the convos of the tables on both sides.  The service was slow.  I ordered the B33 Tarts  (brie and carmelized onion in a flakey dough shell) and my bf  ordered the French Onion Soup as appetizers.  It took them about 20 minutes to bring them to the table and when they finally did arrive, they were nothing special.  The B33 tarts hardly had any onions on them and the French Onion soup, well given that this was a French restaurant, was underwhelming.  20 minutes after they cleared out apps they brought out our entrees.  I had a mustard glazed pork chop and he had chicken.  the pork chop was large (bone-in chop) but extremely dry.  As soon as I started to cut it I knew it had been over cooked.  His chicken was good, but again, nothing special.  Didn't have desert and didn't take home the leftovers.  The good news is that our meal was only a little over $50 since we used the Groupon we purchased.  Had we  paid full price  ($100ish) I would have been VERY upset.  In a nutshell: the food was not worth the prices they were charging.  Service was actually inattentive (except for the girl refilling the water glasses, she was on it).  I wouldn't recommend Brasserie 33 to anyone I liked.
4	Came here with our Groupon deal for dinner and am glad we decided to check this place out. Unlike the other reviews, we didn't get any trouble making reservations with our Groupon deal. You definitely couldn't tell this was a nice, well decorated French restaurant from the outside appearance due to its location next to a laundromat and Japanese supermarket. However, once you enter the restaurant, it's amazing inside especially with the open kitchen. Our server was very polite and she nicely answered any questions we had. We started off with the beef tenderloin tartare. It was my first time trying it and it was actually delicious. I ordered the pork chops while my bf ordered one of the specials, the coq au vin (chicken cooked with wine). All I gotta say was the sauce the pork chops came in was delicious!! I would have finished the whole plate if I could, but there was so much! My pork chops were also cooked perfectly. The coq au vin was also good, but I definitely enjoyed the pork chops more. :) The food portions were very generous, which is a plus.
4	I'm going to start off by letting you know that I had a Groupon.  When I mentioned it to our waiter Michael, he said "no problem, we'll just deduct it from the check at the end".I was there this evening with my friend and my 4yr old son.  We had a wonderful experience.  So much so that I'm writing a same day review.  We started off with the goat cheese salad, the rillettes de lupin (rabbit) and a bottle of bordeaux.  The wine was delicious and the salad and rabbit so refreshing, being that it's pretty hot outside and both are cold dishes.  I ordered the boullabaise and my friend a chicken dish.  Both were solid, but I really liked the boillabaise.  Our server, again, Michael asked if my son would like anything else, like mashed potatoes or something.  I thought it was really sweet that he was concerned for his appetite, but he was doing just fine with the seafood in my dish.  Already stuffed,  I believe the owners stopped by our table, one to do a magic trick for my son and the other, I think her name was Nadia, to chat and to over stuff us full of amazing dessert.  They brought us 3 desserts, all amazing.  We left the restaurant with a feeling of euphoria that I've longed for since I moved home to Pittsburgh, after 8 years in San Francisco, in January.  There was a place in my neighborhood in San Francisco called Bistro Central Parc, which this place reminded me of a lot.  Authentic French bistro style dining.  Casual, yet delicious.  We will definitely be going back there.  My son asked if we could eat there everyday.
2	This is a restaurant that's trying to provide a 4 star quality and didn't quite make the mark. Open concept kitchen with poor ventilation. My eyes burned from the smoke. Food was average and didn't live up to the descriptions listed on the menu. The brie and caramelized onion tarts are lovely and well worth the $8.00 purchase. However, for what we paid for the rest of dinner, the server should not have been chewing gum.
5	Romantic; fun and delightful.  Sit at the bar and watch the chef conjure up great dishes at the bar-side kitchen.  Onion soup ane mussels were fantastic.
2	I'd been interested in trying Brasserie 33 since it opened late last year and received generally positive reviews in the newspapers. Since then, however, I've noticed very mixed reviews on Yelp and Urbanspoon, so I wasn't sure what to expect when I finally gave it a try last night.Upon entering I was immediately impressed by the modern, tastefully appointed space. It features a semi-open kitchen and a long bank of windows along Ellsworth that makes every table a window table. My companion and I were welcomed and seated promptly. So far, so good. Unfortunately, it was mostly downhill from there.Our waitress gave us paper menus - odd, especially for a fairly upscale place, but not a big deal. She took our food orders, then, a few minutes later, came back to ask us if we wanted anything to drink. Strange; usually the drink order comes first, but again, not a big deal. I asked her if they had a beer list; she told me they didn't have a list, but named a few mostly lousy beers. OK, so the place is not big on beer. Given the numerous wine bottles adorning the dining room, wine must be their thing. Can I see a wine list, please? I'm told they don't have one of those, either. Why not? Because they get new wines frequently, she explains, so there isn't a fixed list. Well, why not just print up a new list each time it changes like every other restaurant? After all, the food menus had clearly just come out of the printer. She says that the wine guy can come tell us about the wines. So I'm supposed to sit there and listen to this guy describe dozens of wines and somehow try to keep track of all of them and their prices? No thanks, I'll stick with water.After a moderate wait, we received our meals: a half duck and a scallops dish. The duck was large, but its preparation was lacking: a lot of the meat was dry and it was served with some kind of blandly sweet berry sauce. I couldn't even identify the berry. Your average Chinese joint does a better job with duck. It came with some scalloped potatoes, which were decent, and a baked tomato that tasted like a supermarket tomato in January; I'm not sure how this is possible in late August, the peak of tomato season. The scallops were a bit better, but mainly because of the scallops themselves; their preparation was nothing special. I certainly could have done a better job with them at home.All told, the meals were not terrible, just thoroughly mediocre. I will give them this: even with just two main dishes and no appetizers or dessert, we left quite full. Still, it's absurd that this place charges $30 a plate for such fare. For the same price you can get a vastly superior meal at Salt, Point Brugge, Legume, any of the Big Burrito restaurants (including Soba, right across the street), and many more places. It's a shame, too; it's a beautiful space and a good concept (Pittsburgh sorely lacks an authentic French restaurant), but Brasserie 33 really needs to step up their game if they want to stick around.
3	tl;dr: Wonderful food, bad service.I was quite impressed when we first entered Brasserie 33, as the restaurant itself has quite a nice interior.  It feels very modern, and has a sleek look and feel to it.  My fiance and I were seated immediately, and handed menus to look over.  The waiter we had was a gentlemen then entire time we were there, but his skill seemed rather lacking.  This is perhaps, due to the fact that we went on a Saturday afternoon - this may not have been the A-team of servers.He took our drink orders, and then a few minutes later took our food orders.  After taking our orders, he simply walked away from our table, leaving our menus (which were simply printed sheets of paper, not particularly nice looking) there in front of me.  They sat there for a fairly long time, and every time he walked by to serve the other tables, I tried to move them more towards the edge of the table so he would notice them, but he never did.  Finally, right before our food was served, a completely different waiter took them away.  Our meals were delicious.  I ordered the Croque Monsieur, and my fiance had the Quiche Lorraine.  Both came with a side of fries and a side salad.  The food was delicious, with the quiche in particular being stunning.  The eggs in the quiche were perfectly fluffy and light.  As a desert, we ordered the chocolate mousse, and again, delicious.  Now, during any other decent meal, this would be the time when the waiter would ask if we were ready for our check.  He did not.  Over and over again, he would walk by to other tables, but not once did he say anything about bringing us our check.  Finally, my fiance caught his eye and let him know that we had a Groupon we wished to use.  Apparently, he considered it a great offense that we hadn't told him of this before the meal was started.  After this, we had to wait at least 10 more minutes before we had to catch his attention AGAIN and ASK to be able to pay.  I have never had to ask to give someone my money before.All in all, the food was delicious and I would recommend the food but...they very much need to improve their service.
3	I can understand why some people might love this place, but it just wasn't for me.I had a Groupon and decided to try it out for dinner on a Friday night with the boyfriend.  I made a reservation, but the restaurant wasn't crowded at all.  The menu was simple, with a lot of delicious sounding dishes, none of which were vegetarian.  The "pasta of the day" was a seafood pasta, so that wouldn't work either.  I asked the waiter what he recommended, thinking he might be able to work something out with the pasta, but no such luck.  He suggested soup, a salad, and a vegetable.  We both ordered the special soup, potato leek, a salad with goat cheese, and a side of asparagus and green beans.I had a $10 glass of Malbec, which was pretty decent.  We started off with some crostinis and butter, followed by the soup, which was delicious.  Our salad and vegetables came out next.  Everything was done very well, especially the goat cheese, which came baked on bread with the salad.  The service was just okay.   Our waiter was super attentive at first, then we didn't see him at all after he took our order.  Our food was brought out by 2 different people, our water filled by another, and still another brought our check over.  Nobody came by to see how our meal was or ask if we needed anything.I probably won't return given the limited menu options for myself.  The bar area looked nice so maybe I'll stop in for a glass of wine in the future.
2	Horrible service. Went here for a birthday, where we were the only ones in the restaurant. You'd think that they could get this right... but you'd be wrong.I ordered quiche -- but it was cold (nearly frozen).  Some people at my table just never got parts of their meal -- pom frittes and a salad.  And instead of bringing them,  they just gave an extra glass of wine.  Which they charged for.However, t the end of the meal, the waiter couldn't keep straight who had paid and how much.  So he fussed with the checks in a very vocal way, and via some very dubious math came up with us owing over $100 ... after we already paid.Ate here once and already feel that I've paid for three meals. Will never go here again.
5	This place certainly exceeded my expectations.My boyfriend and I dined here last night and we had read the reviews - both positive and negative - prior to our visit. I, too, had a Groupon (on the brink of expiring) to redeem and mentioned this, along with our vegetarian dining restrictions, upon making our reservation via phone.We started out with the parmesan asparagus and french onion soups respectively, both of which were vegetarian and very delicious. In fact, I found myself enjoying my beau's parmesan asparagus more than my french onion soup and vice versa - thus trading midway through. To accompany, their bread basket was fresh and filled with a rich, creamy butter which I enjoyed thoroughly. (I always say, you can judge a place by their bread and butter!)For our main course, we gave full creative and culinary freedom to the chef - so long as our entree was vegetarian. We were served pasta dishes with incredibly fresh vegetables including asparagus, tomatoes, onions, green beans, and whole mushrooms swathed in some type of tomato cream sauce. Considering my apprehension with their carnivore-friendly menu, I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty my dish was. All the more surprising, our accommodating server (fluent in French I might add) graciously understood and noted that he respected our dietary decisions.The only snafu I might mention was towards the end. While the service for the first half of the meal went above and beyond the call of duty, it seemed the restaurant got a bit too busy for their two-man staff during the second half. Had they another server or host, they would have avoided the stress that took over. Also, I should mention that our leftovers (mind you, pasta in cream sauce) was wrapped in aluminum foil since they had run out of boxes. While I'm sure it was simply due to being understaffed, this snafu also could've been avoided. All in all, a delicious meal at a pleasant French restaurant with exceptional service. Will definitely visit again!
3	My husband and I had a groupon which was about to expire and decided to hit up Brasserie 33 for a Saturday night meal. French being my favorite cuisine, I was very excited about the evening. The long and short of our experience is that it was a mixed bag on both food an service. The bad was not really so terrible that I would not recommend or never eat here again but enough to keep it from being a favorite.When we first arrived we were seated at a nice but cramped table. My husband later switched seats because you would have needed to be an anorexic 12 year old to be able to sit in it with a normal sized adult seated at the table which backed up to you. That was not really that big of a deal since we were only 2 at a 4-top but it was a little annoying. The restaurant has a nice casual feel to it, it is narrow but does not feel uncomfortable and business seems to be good, the place was pretty full. So we are now seated and without any menus... for maybe 5 minutes. I really did not understand why the guy who seated us just didn't shove a couple menus on the table. This is where I should mention that we were given a small basket of bread and butter. I really would have expected a better quality baguette considering it is a French restaurant - this tasted pedestrian and pretty much what you would pick up at Giant Eagle. For an appetizer we split an order of escargot... traditionally prepared in a garlic, butter and parsley sauce.  I've eaten escargot a ton of times on both sides of the atlantic and this was, hands down, the worst iteration of this dish I have ever had. The snails had a very mushy texture and the dish had no flavor at all. This was the first time I have never finished an order of escargot. Really terrible. Then we wait... and wait... and wait about 45-60 minutes, 2 refills on the bread, and apologies from the waitress about how the kitchen is small etc... and finally just as it was getting to be absurd, our entrees arrive.  I had the coq au vin and my husband ordered the seafood pasta which as special of the day. Both were lovely and met expectations. I really enjoyed the rich sauce and the meat fell off the bone.  I tried a  mussel and calamari ring from the pasta dish - nice favor, the calamari was a tad rubbery but overall the dish was great and he really enjoyed it. So riding high from the entrees and overhearing the dessert menu at another table, we decided ordered dessert... tarte tatin and I ordered an espresso and my husband also ordered a coffee drink. His coffee arrives... and it seemed my espresso was forgotten. I reorder it with the lady who dropped his drink and we wait and wait and finally, it arrived... but where is the dessert? Oh, that will be a few more minutes. Meanwhile, coffees are getting cold. Ugh... I had a feeling dessert would be like this.Finally the tarte tatin arrives... oh, it is fantastic and topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It was just at that perfect point of decadence without being too rich. We were really pleased.  It paired well with the coffees that were pretty meh on their own. All in all it is a place to get a nice meal but be prepared to wait.  The next time I come I think I would go for one of the mussel dishes - the ones being delivered to neighboring tables looked amazing... I would also avoid at all costs another round of escargot... completely a waste.
2	I tried this restaurant out because of Groupon.  The food was pretty good, big portion than I expected and quite delicious.  The service was quite good at the beginning but by the time we got our food, it'd gone downhill.  We went in on Sunday night and it was quite full, only two 2-top tables were available.  We were sat and given the menu right away, our waiter, the French guy I believe, told us the special and a little while after, he came back and standing right behind the table waiting to take our order.   We were not quite ready but he was just standing there waiting, at first I think maybe this is the French style of service.  (not until it annoyed me later in our meal).  The bread was refill by one of the runner/busser, as well as water was consistently refilled.  After we got the food, our waiter never return to the table!!  When we finished and had been waiting for a while, the bartender came over and ask if we want to look at the dessert menu.  I said yes, and she brought us the dessert menu,  a while later our waiter came and we order dessert with him.  We thought that he should at least put our check down a little bit after the dessert came out..Nope.. we finished the dessert and saw him standing at other table waiting to take the order (which as I stated earlier, he should had used that time to do something else!! Almost five minutes I looked at him waiting to take the order while the customers had not make up their decisions).  The bartender girl walked by so I asked her for the check and she said that our waiter would give us the check.  Thought that she would go over to our waiter and inform him that we need a check.  No, she didn't do that.  We waited, and waited, and my husband started to get angry.  I tried to calm him down as I've heard that if you dine in France, it's a 3-hour meal.  So I was kind of joking that we're in the authentic French restaurant without going to France.  Once we got our check, we put down the Groupon and all the rest in cash and just left.  Not going  back for sure.
1	My friends from law school and I went here Saturday night to celebrate 2 of our party getting engaged. It was by far the absolute worst, most bizarre, and offensive dining experience I've ever had. There were 9 of us and we had a reservation for 8. We arrived about 5-6 minutes late (which I thought was pretty good for such a large party) and waited in the foyer of the tiny place for a hostess. Then, I saw the hostess complaining that we were late and rudely call me at 8:07 to ask if we were coming. I waved and said we'd been there. Did she not notice the large group by the door? When we were seated our waiter again remarked that they were waiting for us. Seriously? 5 minutes? Relax. Terrible way to start a celebration dinner. One of my friends told our waiter it would be easier to split our bills by couple so he could put in the orders that way and he responded, "this isn't McDonalds. This is a French restaurant." He awkwardly and rudely pressured the future-groom to pay for the entire table. He then ignored the wine we chose and brought a different one, telling us it was better. Also, he told us he would bring champagne for a toast for our friends which never happened. He then intrusively and impatiently stood in front of us waiting for us to order, pressuring us to order quickly. After putting in our orders, we did not see our waiter for quite seriously over an hour. Attentive bus boys refilled our water and (mediocre) bread and dropped off salads. We were out of drinks for 45 minutes and would have ordered at least 2 more bottles of wine had he been present. Our food arrived about an hour and 15 minutes after we ordered it, which was ridiculous even for a large party in a small restaurant. My dinner did not arrive and a bus boy actually asked me if I had ordered dinner. Our waiter then came over and started yelling at the chefs (the kitchen was about 2 feet behind us) and the chefs told him he did not put in my order. He then took a different table's order and gave it to me and yelled at the bus boys for not giving it to me. Some of my friends enjoyed their food, some hated it, mine was average at best (for $30 a plate, this isn't exactly ideal). Both tables next to us complained about their food and were comped wine/desserts. We were given no compensation. Probably the worst part was at the end when he handed us one sheet of paper without a tab added up (it was just the items and prices). We again told him we would be splitting the bill and he said, "you can't really be doing this to me" and again told us it was a French restaurant and we were all one table and should have one bill. I then quite plainly told him to understand that one person was not picking up the whole meal, so he gave us paper and a calculator and sat next to my friend as she tallied everyone's bill. He did nothing but hover and frequently remind us not to forget to add tip. He treated us as if we had never been out before and we were low-class or cheap. It was incredibly bizarre and offensive. He actually got in a bit of a heated talk with the future-bride when she asked him why it was such a problem to split the checks initially when it wasn't like he put them into a computer or even did any of the math himself. It was as if were were in a scene in a comedy or on some sort of show. Why would a restaurant treat the young professionals in Shadyside who dine out frequently so poorly? NEVER go here. Comically terrible service (can't even find the words to describe it) and average food. Go to Casbah, Plum, Salt, Spoon, any of the places around there. Unreal. We dine out all the time and have never had anything even close to this ever happen to us. We were  trying to celebrate a happy occasion and instead were dumbfounded and angry and treated horribly.
5	DON'T MISS IT, THE FOOD REALLY BLEW US AWAY!  We've only been once but it far, far exceeded our expectations.  Our food was outstanding, really, the best authentic genuine French we've had in the city.  It was slow the night we ate so no complaints on the service at all, if anything she was overly attentive.  Wine selection was slight and they would do well to avoid listing common cheap wines like the Jadot Beaujolais at an outrageous markup and stick to something at least I won't recognize as a terrible value.  We had a delicious Alsace that paired nicely with the absolutely outstanding Moules.  Our waitress spoke French.I can see how the place could possibly have some volume issues if it's super crowded, and the atmosphere isn't the quaintest in the city, but we're eager to go back and give it another go given the quality of the food.
3	Food.....good to very good!  Service .....not so good.  Waitstaff was pleasant, but not very attentive.  We had to wait a very long time for our deliscious apps, but with no explanation.  The mussels came WAY before the fries.  I was almost done when the fries arrived (note that the mussels and esp the fries were GREAT!  IT was a slow sunday night, so I wasn't upset by the restaurant.  The food made up for the service and yes, I will try it again!
4	I thought this place was just wonderful.  I really enjoyed the classic French dishes that I tried and the interior was quite beautiful.  I went for lunch and had the coq au vin which is chicken stewed with root vegetables and wine.  It was completely delicious.  I also got to try their croque monseiur sandwich which was amazing as well.  French food is indulgent and amazing.  The open faced sandwich came with a side of fruit of chopped apples tossed in lemon juice; it was the most delicious combination of tart citrus and crisp sweet apples.  It was so simple but it really put a smile on my face.The service was great and very attentive
4	This is an updated rating of the one I posted on 1/18.   Friday noght at the Brasserie was fantastic.   The service and the food were outstanding.  I especially loved the onion soup!  You HAVE to try it.....better than any other in PGh!  House salad, cassoulet, and chicken were all great!   Service was friend and attentive.   SServer also balanced her timing....were were not rushed nor lingering too long!Used 2 groupons here, but will definately go back without them.   The only caution I have is that this is NOT a $20 per person place.   How could it be?   Spend a little and enjoy!
1	Wow-worst restaurant experience I've ever encountered. Horrible horrible service. Overpriced mediocre food. I'd been planning a visit to La Casa but after learning it's owned by the same people, I will not waste my time.
1	WORST PLACE IN PITTSBURGHHad a Groupon so decided to go there. We called ahead of time to confirm what time they close. The lady on the phone said they close at 10:30pm. When my wife and I entered at 10:00pm, NO ONE came to seat us! They were doing their own stuff as if we didn't exist. Strike ONE.Some waiter probably felt bad for us and painfully slowly seated us at a half cleaned table. Another 'head waitress' walked by and whispered to him "kitchen is closed" and walked off. He tried telling us that the kitchen was closed already. So we told him that we had called etc. He asked us to sit anyways. Strike TWO.Food was OK. Not as good as I thought. The Brie tarts and puff pastry chicken appetizers were fine but the salmon entree was substandard. Walked to the bathroom to wash my hands...and it saw the DIRTIEST dishwashing room and restroom ever. Strike THREE.Will never go back again...
3	Went here on a Monday night to use a groupon before expiring.  A friend and I sat at the end of the bar since we were going to be sharing dishes.  Poor choice. Seemed like the kitchen was smoking us out for most of the night. For starters we had the beef tartare.  It was okay, not the best I've ever had, but not terrible.  What I was most looking forward at a French place is the bread. I was sorely disappointed! Instead of delicious, warmth wrapped in crusty yumminess, we got what tasted like week old bread.  We then shared an artichoke salad and mussels. Salad was, again, just okay. However,  the mussels were outstanding! They are likely the reason I may return in the future.Bottom line: good wine, great mussels, the rest is forgettable.
1	Food undercooked. No ventilation in the space. My coat reminded me of the unpleasant experience for weeks..
1	My wife and I had a Groupon to this place.  We were pretty excited about an outing here for dinner on a Saturday night.  I checked out the menu and had high hopes because this appeared to be a classic French brasserie.  We were greeted by our very cheerful waitress.  She warned us up front that it's "team service" so if we couldn't find her, to be sure to flag down one of the others from the wait staff and it would be no problem to get what we might need.  Unfortunately, it went all downhill from here.We started with the rabbit rillettes ($11).  The rabbit meat was tender but watery and tasteless.  There were capers and some watery sliced black olives on the side.  I just didn't get this dish.After that, there was an ENORMOUS wait for our entrees.  I nursed my glass of wine waiting for our entrees.  My wife ordered the Bouillabaisse ($27) and I ordered the Steak Frites ($30).  From what we could gather, the table next to us did not like one of their entrees.  The person next to us re-ordered a Bouillabaisse.  We suspect that my wife's order was given to the table next to us by accident as her entree came back pretty fast after the re-order.  Oh well.During this waiting game for our entrees, nearly every single waiter was missing in action.  If they did come out to the dining room, they didn't make eye contact with us or pretended not to hear us call for some help.  Not a good sign.Then, I overheard some ruckus between the owner or general manager raising his voice to one of the busboys.  He ordered him to take off his bow tie and just go home.  Our waitress told us it was her favorite busboy that was fired right in the middle of our dinner service as well as someone else.  Therefore, even longer wait...Finally, both entrees arrived.  My wife was pleased with hers for the most part.  She was needing a spoon to get at the broth in her dish.  After so very many attempts to get a spoon (someone in the back got fired so we can assume it was a dishwasher), it finally arrived as we were wanting to leave.  As for my entree ... the frites were good.  The steak was horrible.  I ordered it medium.  Well, it came out charred on the outside and raw in some spots.  It was a very cheap piece of meat and it was absolutely prepared by someone who I assume was drafted to serve in the kitchen.  There is no way a professional cook cooked my steak.  The good news: we had a Groupon.  For some reason, not having to pay full price took a little of the sting out of this dining experience.  I think mangling the classics like rillettes and Steak Frites are totally unforgivable when trying to pass off as a French brasserie.More good news: besides dinner, we were treated to a show with all the drama in the dining room.  Even more good news: we won't be wasting anymore money here.  Stay away.
2	The food was fine. Not worth fine dining prices though. The service was slow, and I'm pretty sure they lied about why my salad took nearly 30 minutes to make. That wouldn't have been a big deal if they displayed slightly less indifference. My dismay was exacerbated by the couples seated near me complaining, too.
3	I ate here this past week for dinner with a dining companion.  It's location in Shadyside means that its not the easiest place to park at but if you get there early enough like we did, they do have a free parking lot right outside which is nice.  Upon entering the building the first thing that I noticed was a large bar on the left and then how long lengthwise it was but short widthwide.  There were wine bottles around as well of pictures from France and white table cloths which all came together to give it an upscale feel.  After being seated the server took a long time to get to us and what seemed to be slow service to me ensued throughout the duration of our visit.The menu had a nice mix of dishes and even though some of the appetizers looked good I decided to forgo them and ended up choosing the cassoulet while my dining companion had steak and frites in the brandy peppercorn sauce.  Whenever our meals came out I was impressed by the size of them as they are much larger than your traditional upscale fare.  Having never had a cassoulet before I was not sure what I was getting myself into.  It ended up being an interesting dish that came had duck, lamb and sausage all cooked nicely over a large bed of beans that I enjoyed but probably would not order again.  My dining companions meal was a different story though as the steak was tender and cooked perfectly while the frites were still crispy even after they sat in the sauce for a while. The bottom line for me is that I would come back to the Brasserie again in the future.  They had large portion sizes and decent food for the price and hopefully I can get some more timely service in the future.
1	I went there last week with a friend and had a disappointing experience.  The service leaves much to be desired - the staff is clearly not being provided proper guidance/attention and as a result are extremely slow/flustered/have poor memory.  We ordered a steak which was cooked perfectly and tasty; however, the fries were basically stale, soggy, and double fried McDonald's fries.  Moreover, the mussels had a funky taste and the escargot was so-so.I would definitely skip this place until the management improves service and food.
2	We used a Groupon for dinner on 4/18/2012.  There were four of us for dinner.  We were seated immediately, it was early, 6:30, and we had a reservation.  There were about four other tables filled.  We ordered a red wine to start with.  The waiter came back and showed us a bottle and said "this is the only bottle of red wine we have tonight.  The owner had not picked up the wine for the night."  They had two bottles plus a few open bottles that you could buy a glass of wine.  Needless to say we were flabbergasted!  Salads were very good, chicken coq a vin and beef burgeoning were excellent.  I had the duck in a delicious black cherry sauce but a whole half duck was presented.  It was very hard to manage even with a sharp knife.  I visited the ladies room.  Yuck!  Dirty, no supplies.  It made me wonder what the kitchen looked like.  Although the food was good, the attention to details is missing from my viewpoint.  Not sure I would go back.
1	Well...let's see...my girlfriend soup was cold....they brought the wrong keiche for my stepmom then ignored her when she told them about it...they didn't bring my dads salad at all....they ignored requests for ice water....oh yeah the chef walked out and didn't return...I'd say I'll neve return but looks like this place is gonna be gone soon
4	This is one of the few restaurants in Pittsburgh where food does not deceive. After being in this city for a year, trying every single bar, restaurant, tavern and brasserie, I go to Brasserie 33 knowing that there will be no bad surprises.I see an overwhelming tendency of criticizing the Brasserie 33 for its service. it's very simple: if you are the type of customer who goes out to be well served don't go here. If you are a gourmet ,go here.It is a lot easier to understand this place if you have not spent all of your life in the US, in other words if you understand that different cuisines come with different cultures and different waiting/service/hospitality traditions.Other than that, the food is amazing, prices a bit high and they know the dish/wine pairings.
2	As you have read from all of the other reviews, the service at Brasserie 33 stinks.  That's all you can really say.  Some say if you are looking for gourmet- not service, go here.  Seriously?!  If I'm spending the money on a roasted chicken, I should get served in an appropriate amount of time.  I shouldn't have to wave down a "water boy" for a refill of water.  I shouldn't have to flag down a server just for my check (our dinner plates were taken away 30 minutes prior- no one asked if we wanted dessert).  The food?  Yes, it's good.  The service will keep me from going back.  I can get better service at Denny's...
3	This place was "okay." It's basically your standard French fare, but slightly subpar: the food was perfectly palatable, but not delicious. The service was also okay but not great. The vegetables on my salmon dish were kind of sad, and some of the ingredients in the salad were subpar.I probably never would have tried this place except for the Groupon which made it half price, and I probably won't go out of my way to go back without a Groupon. For the quality of food, I believe it was overpriced. One benefit is that the place is shabby enough that you can get away with wearing nearly anything to dinner. Definitely casual.
2	I have been to this place twice. The first time I went was a pretty good experience. We had a very polite server with an endearing French accent. They accommodated my girlfriend and I with our vegetarian diet by making an excellent pasta and the French onion soup (also vegetarian) was delicious. The bread is very good and it is accompanied by an excellent salty butter. We used the Groupon on this visit and because of the pretty great food we looked past the high price. This visit was sometime in late 2011.Now, that first time we liked it enough to get the next Groupon they offered. We went to use this Groupon upon impending expiration just last week. First thing I noticed was the very poor service. Instead of a gregarious French server who went on the 5 minute tangent about all of the specials, we had a curt waitress that seemed better suited for a diner with a line out the door. At least at a place like that, I can understand someone being curt. But when you aspire to be a "fancy" restaurant that charges 20 dollars for a vegetable based pasta dish, maybe try to not have holes in your ceiling, no A/C in when it is 80 degrees, and maybe have a waitress that says more than "know what you want yet?"To be precise, the pasta dish with vegetables is not on the menu. The menu has no vegetarian options other than salads. We had to ask for this pasta dish just like the time before. The gregarious Frenchman was very friendly about it. This waitress was more like "well...the chef is very busy, I'll have to check" in a very doubtful way. Nevertheless, they made us a similar dish to last time that was very good. Their produce tastes very fresh. We had the appetizer with caramelized onion, brie, and goat cheese tarts. This was very delicious as well. But again, the factor that makes it 2 stars is the poor service. The waitress forgot to bring us bread, we had to ask another waiter that was not at our table to bring it. We also heard other patrons complaining about their service from that night. They were also out of the only two desserts we were interested in getting. We skipped dessert.Again, I am a blue collar raised fella, I did my time in the service industry. I get that it sucks sometimes. However, if you are trying to be a "fancy" restaurant with 20 dollar a plate pasta dishes, don't act like you're working at the Waffle House, because after this experience, I think I could've driven south to the closest Waffle House and had infinitely better service than this. Skip the Groupon and go to one of the many great restaurants in Pittsburgh that will be half this price that probably treats its guests a lot better.
1	I don't know why I got sucked in again to this place.  Ah yes, it was the grouppn i bought, so we decided to give it another chance.  Where do I start?Since La Pommier closed in the southside, it has been impossible to find good french food in Pittsburgh.  Paris 66 is over priced, and gave my husband food poisoning last we went.  So, one of the only other places is Brasserie 33.  Looks good from the outside, menu looks decent and even authentic, but the major flaw in this place isnt the menu, or location... it is with the owners.  I am convinced they are trying to break your wallet, by cheating you.  It sounds crazy, I know.  Here are some of my reasons.  The wine/ beer list.  - over priced!  Try asking for a sample of something, and they look at you funny.  The wine glasses are an optical illusion, thick and heavy.  I doubt you recieve 8oz pours.  Starting at 10 a glass up to 18, they should give you a true pour.They always are running out of things.  Like foil to wrap your leftovers in!  Come on people, run out to the store and buy some.  There is also always at least 5 dishes they are out of.  You recieve the list when you sit down.  Since the menu is so small, it is by coincidence only that the most expensive dishes are usually in stock.The staff-  never nice, always pushy, downright mean even.  To the point of reminding you to tip on what the full bill would be (genius).The food-  for provincal french cuisine (inexpensive coq au van is made to save money over in french villages, it is like italian lasagna) it is ridiculously priced for what you recieve. Frozen veggies, portions that try and hide behind large amounts of sauce.  Who is paying $22 for a plate of mussels??   Not me! Everything was salty as well.  We got the clams, told them they were super salty and they did nothing about it.The owner- downright shady.  Not gonna go into detail, just trust.Our bill came to $89 and that was after the $40 groupon! We were still hungry when we left in extreme disappointment.All in all, I think the next time I am craving french food, I am going to pick up a cookbook, a nice burgandy and do it myself.  Easily under $50 bucks.
2	Well, caveat emptor with this place.  I had the GroupOn so I made my reservation on  a day that it was about 103 degrees in Pittsburgh.  I called and gave my name and phone number.  This is why I was surprised when I got there to learn that the air condition had broken - they didn't even think to call and tell me.  I decided to perservere and took a seat outside with my friend.  While the initial waiter was friendly, I had to wave down the other waiter that continued to walk by and completely ignore us.  We ordered the rabbit as an appetizer.  The waiter set it down and left.  They forgot to serve it with the crustini - so what we had was a plate of a rabbit patte with nothing to scoop onto.  Disaster and not good.For dinner my friend and I both ordered the beet salad.  While it was very tasty, the portion size equaled approximately half a cup.  For $11 it was a rip off.The grand finale was when the bill arrived and I was given a leaky pen that exploded all over my dress and hands.  While the waiter was kind and got me soda water there was no offer for dry cleaning nor to take any money off our bill.  I would not return here.  I'd also be amazed if it is there in six months given all the terrible reviews.  Too bad, it's a great location with a lot of potential.
1	It's hot.  And Brasserie 33 was too - NO AIR CONDITIONING!!  When it's 90+ out?  Really?  Thankfully, we arrived late enough in the evening that we could sit outside and the breeze was plentiful enough to keep it reasonably comfortable.  But the wine had been inside that un-airconditioned place, so it was far too warm (red - should be at around 60 degrees or so - definitely not 90!)I ordered a club soda with lime.  The lime on my glass was DARK BROWN. I took it off and left it on a bread plate.  And that bread?  Awful.  Tasted like some prison had made it and left it to harden overnight.  I took my chances ordering the shrimp cocktail - I did ask the waitress first how it was - she said it was very good - NOT!  The shrimp were flash cooked, which I guess was a good thing in that it ceased my worry about potential food poisoning, but they were not terribly fresh tasting. The one highlight was the house salad.  It was tasty and fresh-seeming enough.  Can't say others in my party were terribly thrilled with their meals either.  We didn't stay for dessert.I'm certain there are other restaurants in the area FAR superior to this one!
1	The worst dining experience in French dining. Poor service, skunky ice water, expensive prices and lack of attention to detail. Chipped plates, stale French bread. Tried it with a groupon and really wish I hadn't .  Great French food less than a mile away at Paris 66.  They make their own bread and pastries, reasonable prices and nice atmosphere.
3	I really really like good food, and as such, it pains me to give anywhere that serves good food a bad rating.  Unfortunately, Brasserie 33 offers a very authentic experience complete with both good french food and bad french service.  It backs up the high prices ($20-$30 for entrees), with fresh, light, well selected and prepared cuisine.  But of course, there's more to a restaurant than price.  Other then a few french prints hung from the walls there's not much in the way of decor or atmosphere to speak of.  The service is very slow, even by french standards.  Despite having 3 waiters on hand to staff just 2 tables worth of patrons when I was there for lunch, we still only got our waters/bread refilled once over the 2 hours we were there.   I was fortunate to have some great company to keep me occupied, but there were very long delays in between every course, and a full half hour after gave them my credit card before I got the bill back to sign.  Our server was perfectly nice, but didn't seem to have any knowledge, insights to help us with recommendation on the menu, and despite having a relatively limited menu, they were out to be out of many of the listed offerings.  Everything they did  was quite good, between the 5 people I dined with, we tried a wide sampling of the menu, and none of us tasted anything we weren't genuinely impressed with.  I'd give them a 4 for food, a 3 for value, 2 for service, 3 overall.  I'd go back, but only if I'm prepared to part with several hours and a fistful of cash.
1	So we tried this place once and ended up leaving after 45 minutes  when no one even took our order. We decided to try again...even worse! 1 hour and 20 minutes before our dinner arrived. Terrible service...food fine. Not worth it!!
4	I thought the food was really good from the house salad to our main course and even the french bread that accompanied everything.  The atmosphere was a little lacking but on a nice day you have the option to sit outside.  Service was prompt and friendly but a lil wonkey on a couple of occassions. I'ld go again
3	We had the groupon for lunch.  While I feel that when I bought the groupon there was a different list of options for food, J & I were happy with the purchase.  I had the goat cheese and spinach quiche which was made with heavy cream and definitely the creamiest of any quiches I have ever had.  J had the chicken sandwich and it was awesome.  Both were served with frites and salad.  I loved the salad - beets, sundried tomatoes, olives, carrots and some awesome dressing that I couldn't pinpoint.  However, the dessert was definitely lacking as was the coffee.  I ordered coffee after seeing the espresso bar and it was watery and flavorless.  I got the creme caramel which was some sort of flan that tasted nothing like caramel, but more like coffee.  J had the chocolate mousse which was decent, but definitely not restaurant worthy. Overall, not bad, but likely not worth going back without a deal of some sort.
1	Completely awful.The server asked us as we walked in the door whether we were there with a groupon or not. I found that to be in poor taste. I told him no. He explained that it was so that he could determine which menu to give us. ??If I had read the reviews here I would have understood why...The food was mediocre, the drinks were mediocre, and the bill was SHOCKING for the quality of our food and experience. Don't waste your time!
3	I had an unexpected Saturday night off and decided to go out with my sweetie for dinner.  Here is the wrap up of my experience:Ambiance - Lovely, French bistro like.  It was freezing in there.  I asked our waiter if the back door was open since I could feel a healthy breeze.  He very pleasantly told me he'd take care of it.  They closed it, and then promptly opened the front door!  The temperature was in the low 30s so it was chilly. Not cool.Service - We each had appetizers which came out in a decent amount of time. However, it took a really long time to get our entrees.  They had two chefs cooking.  Perhaps they need more help on a busy Saturday?Food - Happy to say that the food was good.  It just took forever to get there.  I had escargot for an appetizer and bouillabaisse as my entree.  My fiance had a Caesar salad and the salmon special.  Everything was delicious! Since I don't have a lot of free time to go out to dinner, it's important for me to have good service as well as good food.  It's about the experience.  I hope I just caught them on an off night.  Not sure I would spend that kind of money again for this kind of dining experience.
4	Mais oui! I liked it! Just went there for a nice, somewhat fancy dinner with my husband. Food was good, not fantastic, but tasty, creative and everything seemed fresh. We had the chatty, French speaking waiter, which kinda added to the atmosphere :) Prices were indeed a bit steep!
4	very lovely restaurant. My amazing boyfriend took me here and the waitress was very attentive and nice. The food was spectacular!! I will definitely come back when I am in Pittsburgh!!
4	I wasnt sure what to expect given the iffy yelp reviews, but I had a lovely dinner here on Friday.The restaurant is sleek and warm inside.  It is a bit small so I would recommend making a reservation.  We did not have a reservation but we were greeted warmly and seated immediately.  We got there around 6pm and it was empty but by the time our meal was over at 7:30, the place was full.I had the chef special which was mahi mahi in lemon caper sauce.  It was very good, but it came served with french fries which I thought was kind of strange given the price and sophistication on the restaurant.My friend at the beef bourgenionne (misspelled).  IT WAS AMAZING.  He would have licked the plate clean if I'd let him and after tasting it i swear i almost let him.  I totally would have understood.  It was fantastic.The service was great and friendly.  We WERE asked if we had a groupon as soon as we walked into the restaurant which i thought was kind of weird.  In fact, we have an Enjoy book coupon that we used and when we got our check there was a little slip included w the Enjoy book logo on it reminding us to tip the pre discounted amount.  I thought that was a little odd as well but you know, I kind of dont blame them!  You can tell I've waited tables, I GET it.  But, again, that was a little weird.  All in all though, everyone there was very nice and the service was good.Give this restaurant a try!  I cant wait to go back!
2	The price is what is holding me back from writing a stronger review. The service is impeccable, and the server was very attentive and friendly.  The decor is a bit spare, but it nicely conveys the bistro aesthetic.  We had the caramelized onion and brie tart appetizer, which was delicious.  My friend had beef bourguignon and I had steak frites.   As other reviewers have said, the food is very good, but a $132 tab for the above meal is just preposterous.
4	Well well well... The reviews for this place are quite a read. Seems Brasserie 33 has it's good and bad days. I caught it on a good day. I though the staff was excellent. Our server was knowledgeable, polite, and friendly, and listening to her descriptions of the specials was like listening to a gifted storyteller. We waited a little while for the food, which we all expected. Gave us some time to relax and take in the ambience of the place. And the food.... I had the boeuf bourguignon. It was absolutely the best beef I've ever had. It's been awhile since I've been to this restaurant, but the taste of the boeuf bourguignon is still fresh in my memory. Dessert is a little hazier, but I believe I had chocolate mousse. Which was also very good. We all tasted each other's food, and it was all delicious. So until a second visit proves otherwise, I definitely have a good opinion of this place.
2	so wednesday was our anniversary. 31 years! i never thought i'd ever live to see that!!! like when you're 10 & you think 30 is soooo far away! we decided to try a new restaurant instead of 1 we've been to before. we agreed on brasserie 33. we love french food! not since lepommier have we had good french food. i called the place on monday to make reservations. a polite, french-accented man answered. i asked if they had booths. he said no, but he would give us their best table, table 15. he said it was in a quiet corner by itself. i thanked him for that & said it was for our anniversary, so that would be wonderful.we found the place, in a strip mall. there was a laundromat  a few doors down! we thought this place was supposed to be nice. parking was terrible as 1 would expect on ellsworth. as we walked up to the place, we saw through the window that table 15 was already filled. uh-oh! it was fairly empty-3 tables & 6 at the bar. i tried to say we had resevations when the waitress came up. yes, yes, yes she said & then asked us something about the menus. unfortunately, i didn't understand her through her french accent. i said give us both menus. tom realized she had said regular or groupon menu, & we got the regular menu. she sat us at a table right at the end of the bar & kitchen, not at all private. we placed our order, & waited for long periods of time for each course. i know, made to order takes a while, & there was just the 1 cook, but we did wait, a lot, & they weren't that busy! tom got the escargot, salade lyonnaise & the bouillabaisse. i ordered the vol-au-vent with shrimp & scallops, salade d' endive et de betteraves & the roti de canard au cassis. we also got a bottle of wine from the very limited selection. we finished with the profiteroles for dessert. the food was good. but, it wasn't outstanding, just good. my duck was actually overcooked, burnt on the bottom. every plate was covered to the rim with parsley. the waitress seemed hurried, not to be bothered. her response was always-monsieur/madam, yes, yes, merci, merci, & then she was gone. for what we paid, with tip, about $200, we were sorely disappointed. for $200, there are ALOT of other restaurants we could've gone to & been extremely happy with our evening.tom went to the bathroom & said it wasn't very clean. as well, he said doors were open to the dishwashing room & somewhere else. he said the sights in those rooms were not something you'd want to see.at 1 point, 5 older men who were at the bar drinking, sat down at the table next to us. really??? 7-8 other tables & they sit next to us???? they had been drinking quite a bit at the bar. when they sat down, each of them had their own bottle of wine to have with their meal, as if they needed more alcohol! they were loud, they were obnoxious, they were rude. they said they were dentists. 1 more reason why i fear doctors! they made racial comments. they made sexual comments. the waitress didn't help. she would come over & basically let these guys paw her up. 1 guy grabbed her leg as she went by. another said he wanted he wanted her breasts, not the check. she went along with all of it. in fact, suddenly, her thick french accent was gone!we won't be back there again!
3	It was an interesting experience.  I love french food and was excited for our visit.  It wasn't a bad experience, but it also wasn't quite what I expected.We had the prix fix Groupon deal, so I knew our choices would be limited.  However, I LOVE steak tar tar and was excited to see it on the menu, so I ordered an extra appetizer.  I was disappointed with it.  It tasted OK, but not to the level of quality I had experienced before.  It seemed like it had too many "fillers" like parsley and that the flavor of the meat seemed somewhat lost.  If we return, I won't be ordering it again.  The wine list seemed limited for a french restaurant.  There were some good selections, but maybe four reds and four whites.  I'm used to wine menus pages long at this type of place.  I had a lovely glass of white wine, but at $12, I thought it was a bit pricey.The pace of the meal seemed off.  We were greeted promptly and our first courses came out quickly.  The second course (a shared dish of vol au vent) came before we were done with the first.  Our main courses (cassoulet and beef bourguignon) were large and both were flavorful.  Then the pacing of the meal was off again.  There was a considerable wait between finishing our entrees and getting our desserts.  I'm not sure why, especially since they took our dessert order at the beginning of the meal.  The restaurant had gotten busier, but honestly, I think that they had forgotten about our desserts.  The dessert was my least favorite part of the meal (a rare occurrence).  The creme brule had a good flavor, but it was apparent that it was not freshly torched.  It was also at an odd temperature.Overall, food was good and so was service, the experience just didn't mesh with my expectations for an upscale french restaurant.  On the way out, we noticed there is a happy hour menu with many food and wine selections available for $5.  That option makes a return visit more likely than if the only option was the dinner menu.
3	We went to Brasserie 33 with a Groupon. Instantly I was impressed that they were still very friendly and welcoming at our arrival - I've had a lot of bad experiences with Groupon receptivity.  The woman that greeted us (I assume the owner or manager) was very nice and helpful throughout the meal, which was very good but not mind blowing. I would agree that the wine list was limited but I'm not really picky.I would have to say that the most significant impressions on our experience were how amazing the porter/runner/expediter was and how terrible our waiter was.  There were only 2-3 tables occupied in the restaurant (including ours) during our entire meal and the waiter was nowhere to be found, when we were ready to order, our drinks were empty, plates were cleared, check was waiting for payment.The young man who delivered and cleared our plates and poured our water was infinitely  more friendly than the waiter with the 'authentic' accent who seemed far too preoccupied to help us. In short, if our runner had been our waiter, I would have definitely given 4-stars, and maybe even 5 - he seemed that good, if given a chance.
1	The single, greatest impediment to this restaurant's success is the woman who answers the phone and acts as a part time waitress/bartender. I found her to be border line rude and off putting despite the multiple "merci's". By the end of my meal I was looking for mercy. The food was good, at least those selections that were made available to us. Soon after arriving I was handed a prix fixe menu printed for those who had bought the "groupon" deal. I did not buy a groupon deal. I did not mention groupon. I didn't even say anything that rhymed with groupon yet Madam Merci decided that was going to be the food I would have the opportunity to choose from. Since we were two of three people in the place I assumed that business was slow and the limited number of dishes on that menu were the only ones available. That was until another couple entered and were seated next to us. When they were approached by the other waiter with what appeared to be a full menu, just like the one on the web site that had enticed me into spending my money in this restaurant, he was quickly admonished by a set of rapid fire "non, non, non's" by Madame Merci. She the plucked the full menu out of the hands of the waiter and handed the couple, who by all appearances and indications were regulars, the same menu we had been given. They soon balked at this and called the waiter back over, requested, received and ordered from the full menu. Now I'm confused so we call the waiter over and ask why we were limited to the prix fixe menu. He explained matter of factly that the menu we were given was for those who had purchased the groupon deal. I explained that we did not purchase the groupon deal. Now he appeared to be the one who was confused. I left that establishment disappointed that I had been taken advantage of by a rude, crass individual. We will not return. Too bad. The menu looked very good and what we had was in fact really good (Thank you Chef). I don't know what this woman's role was or is. I she is an, or the owner she should remove herself from the front of the room immediately. If I were she'd be looking for something else to do tout de suite!
4	Lets start by saying that I made the reservation here without reading the reviews, and I am glad that I did because if I had read the reviews, I probably would not have made the reservation--which would have been too bad because we very much loved our meal and experience.  I would actually add a half star if I could.We had salads to begin.  My wife said that her salad was delicious with wonderful tasted nuts etc.  I can say for certain that my salad was superb.  I had an endive salad that was super crisp and fresh with the perfect amount of added nuts, dressing and blue cheese.  Possibly the best salad I have had in recent memory.I had a very nice scallop dish for my main course, which was very good--not outstanding but very good.  My wife had a standout bouillabaisse that she was in love with.We had a very nice creme brulee for dessert.  We like it because it was creamy but light, unlike some that we have had that are firm and heavy.  My quibble would be that I like the sugar layer on top to be like a shell and this one had bits of crisp but not universally so.  It had been freshly "burnt" so it was not that it had been sitting.  Overall excellent though.Also my one glass of wine was a healthy pout.Our hostess was excellent and had one quality I really like-- an opinion on the food and what was good for the diner based on what the diner liked--she asked questions and made recommendations.  I hate it when people say "everything is good."I do have a couple of suggestions that could take this to a solid 5 stars.1.  IMPORTANT I get it that this is a french restaurant; there is no need to overplay it.  2.  VERY IMPORTANT For the bread basket, there should be a ramekin of butter, not pre-packed pats.  In a restaurant of this caliber pre-packed pats really detract from the overall experience and sense of elegance.  They are better suited for a diner or breakfast place.3.  EVEN MORE IMPORTANT  We did not use a groupon, we went ala carte.  In reading through the comments, it is clear that the Groupon menu is not the same quality, it is likely that a server that is taking care of a Groupon customer knows that this is a Groupon and it affects their service, and perhaps maybe -- please don't slam me Groupon customers (I use them occasionally too) -- Groupon customers assume that they are getting cut rate things and it affects their perception.  It is totally clear to me that Groupon is killing Brasserie 33.  Spend the money instead on a bit more marketing etc.This is a gem of a restaurant when done right.  I can see understand why some customers are less enchanted by it, but our experience was really very very good.  I think that this place is capable of 5 stars with just a few tweaks.
2	The staff were very friendly and attentive. The waitress was very nice. I'm not that familiar with French food, but the food was just OK. I had the coq a vin that came with the house salad. They both were a bit bland for my taste, but nothing a little salt and pepper couldn't cure. The reduction of the coq a vin was also a bit watery... The coffee was amazing though! The atmosphere is superb! The tables seat four people, and covered with white table clothes. It definitely reminds you of a small bistro in France!
5	Hands down Brasserie has the best sandwiches ever, traded in part of my skirt steak for a piece it was so good. Atmosphere is very homey and the food is done European style... meaning they don't rush you in and out. Great place to sit, enjoy the food, conversation and drinks. Menu is very diverse, drink list is amazing and the prices reasonable.Can't wait to take my husband here.
1	Sorry my friends, but it appears that this place has closed its door for good.It also appears the laundromat next door is gearing up to expand into this store front.
1	Terrible. Had the brie app and rabbit app. Both less than stellar.  Beet salad was good but SMALL portion for 11 bucks. The only thing that was good was the pour....which should have been for 11 dollar house wine. This place gets and F.
1	This place was terrible. It is a good thing it closed down. They didnt do any justice to the french. The food was dry and pointless. The atmosphere was useless. I could see the people at all the tables making that face of disgust. Each plaint appeared on the table as though it was just thrown together but a terrible team of kitchen workers. If there was one chef in the kitchen then things probably would have been better.
2	Service was slow and inattentive overall. We had been sitting for a half hour before our waiter came out, claiming that no one told us him were there. Service continued to be mediocre throughout the meal. I was afraid to order a drink for fear it would never get there. We ordered the escargot and tarts for appetizers, which were quite good. Our entrees were the bouillabaisse and the steak & frites. Both were overpriced for what they were. The steak was low quality and tough. The soup was fine, but not exceptional.An additional entree that we did not order showed up on the bill, which we had to get the waiter to remove. In terms of French restaurants, we found Paris 66 to be significantly more enjoyable all around - competent wait staff, more reasonable prices, better ambiance, and better food.
