5	Going to a new mechanic to get your car repaired shouldn't rank up there with public speaking and first dates, but it usually does.  Well not if you go visit Tim at Walter's.  They guys at Walter's are friendly, trustworthy, and treat you with respect.They are a small shop so call ahead if you need major service, but where else are you going find a mechanic who actually suggests way to save money on the repair
5	The most important quality a mechanic can have is honesty. Meet Tim Walter. When I take my car to Walter's I know the service will be good, fast and won't take a chunk out of my last paycheck. Calling ahead is usually a good idea so they can fit you in...
5	Walter's is just a fantastic establishment.  Tim is a phenomenal mechanic, who is as honest as they come, charges amazingly low prices, and - Morten H. is not lying - will actually suggest ways to save you money.  The shop is small and usually pretty busy, but they will do their best to fit you in and get your car fixed up ASAP, and Tim always takes time to explain your car's problems to you.  He will even show you what's wrong inside the car, or tell you how to do something yourself if that's what would be more sensible.  I recommend Walter's to anyone who's in the market for a mechanic.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Walter's.  Tim, the head mechanic (Tim Walter, hence the name of the shop), is amazingly helpful and accommodating.  He repairs my car quickly every time I go in, and I never have to bring it back for further repairs.  He also fits me in right away (though it is a good idea to call ahead - they do get super busy because of their sheer awesomeness and small size).  And when I pick my car up, he'll explain what was wrong and how he fixed it in a completely unpatronizing way, then usually undercharge me.  I know, sounds too good to be true, but isn't.  I'll be moving for grad school soon, and I can honestly say I will miss Walter's.  I don't think I'll ever find a better shop/mechanic.  A quick word of warning: Tim's adorable, but completely ADD.  He'll fix your car well, and quickly, but he does get easily distracted sometimes.  Bear with it, he's totally worth it.
5	My car wouldn't start so I started yelping the closest option to my apartment. I found Walter's and with such great reviews below I gave him a call. He drove over to my apartment and looked at my car hoping that it'd be something simple before we got it towed. After witnessing him take time out of his busy day to do this, I knew he was a good guy.Unfortunately, it did need towed and he was afraid it'd take a week to fix due to his booked schedule. He called the next day to tell me that he looked at it, realized it was a simpler fix than he originally thought and had it done later that day.I had a great experience and am sure everyone else will. Thanks Tim
5	I just want to echo what everyone else has already said about this mechanic.  My brakes gave out and I came upon the glowing reviews for Walter's, so I gave them a call.  Not only did Tim fix my car quickly and inexpensively, he actually came to pick it up himself so that I wouldn't have to spend money on a tow truck!  He's also an extremely friendly, funny guy who puts you at ease immediately.  I'll be going back there without hesitation the next time I need anything done on my car.
5	Went to Walters after I had a ripoff repair store tell me my Volvo needed new roters.  Thank goodness I know what they are and that they had been replaced just 16 months ago.  Tim at Walters confirmed my belief and passed my inspections.  He was fast, funny, and smart.  I then sent my husband in with his ailing BMW and Tim did a fantastic service on it as well.   This is a real honest and thoghtful mechanic.
5	I love Tim.I bought a shitty used car and it kept DYING when I would drive uphill, and I was new in town so I asked for some shop recommendations from people online and a bunch of people pointed me to Walters. He helped me isolate the problem to my EGR valve, and while it wasn't a cheap fix, I can't imagine I could've gotten the work done any cheaper. I've also had several other problems, and he's always trying to save me money and do things as inexpensively as possible.I wouldn't say my shitmobile runs like a dream or anything, but it's definitely in much better shape than when I started.And I usually don't have to wait too long for repairs. Typically I can drop it off in the morning (after making an appointment a few days in advance) and pick it up later that day. Though, they do seem pretty busy so I try not to expect them to get it done too quickly.And I have to say, I really don't care if my mechanic is a friendly, personable guy because I'm just paying him to fix my car and as long as he does that right I'm happy. But Tim is one of the nicest guys I've ever met, and I really enjoy talking to him.
5	Growing up, my dad always fixed my car.  Now that he lives two states away, I don't have that luxury anymore.  Luckily, Tim at Walter's Automotive is a great substitute.  Honest, friendly, and helpful--I'd recommend him to anyone in Pittsburgh.
4	I went to Walt's due to the reviews I saw here on Yelp.  I like supporting local business and I also wanted to find a garage I could trust.  There was nothing wrong with my car I just needed the oil changed and I asked them to make sure I was "good to go" for the winter season.  They changed the oil, check my tires and topped off all my fluids all for $36.  Tim is a helpful guy and will take his time to explain things to you.  They seem to be quite busy all the time which I see as a good thing.  However, it does mean that you have to call ahead for an appointment and you may not get your car in on the same day.   I will be going back for all my car care needs!
5	Excellent and trustworthy mechanic.
5	Walter's was SO helpful  when our daughter's car was misdiagnosed by another garage. He talked us through the options over the phone (we're 300 miles away) and helped us find a solution. Two thumbs up!
5	Wonderful experience. I had a flat tire, and he checked it inside and out, tested it overnight, and put it back on my car. When I went to pay, he said it was nothing. He even gave me helpful advice on some other aspects of my car I was neglecting. During a bad week, this was a much-needed act of generosity.Highly recommend.
5	What can I say about Tim that hasn't already been said? Although I didn't end up getting my car serviced at Walter's Automotive, Tim gave me a lot of helpful advice and was very personable. You can tell he genuinely cares about his customers and their concerns.I'll definitely be going to him if there's anything that I need to get fixed in the near future.
5	Tim is fantastic with German cars, including my 2003 3-series BMW, which was out the door for 400 - broken axle, oil change, tire rotation and one other thing. Labor prices are reasonable, it's just hard as hell to get an appointment. If he weren't so damn nice (like doing all sorts of free things for people) he could probably have himself a bigger, better garage and more people working for him.
5	Great experience. Honest and friendly!!
4	I normally try to avoid using shops other than Manordale Tire in Delmont, but in this case I really needed it to be within walking/busing distance of my home, so I went out on a limb, checked Car Talk's Mechanics Files, and went with Walter's.The fellah with whom I met was really friendly, and even took my car for a drive with me in the passenger's seat to help diagnose the problem, which is not something I'd seen anyone do before, and I'd say it's definitely great customer service.  He did kinda suck at driving stick, though, but my car's a tough one to drive.I was a little miffed that my repair had to be scheduled for many weeks in the future, because I needed a bearing and well, riding the parkway daily on a bad bearing just doesn't feel safe to me.  But when the time came, my car was done on time, and I didn't seem to have any problems afterward.  I did feel like there was something a little wrong with my suspension after getting my car back, but I think it was unrelated: when I did my driveshafts, one of the ball joints was on its way out, and I think it just crapped out shortly after I took it to Walter's.I'm going to keep going to Manordale, but this place wasn't too bad.
5	If I could give Walter's automotive more than 5 stars, I would.I called Tim around 8am because my brakes were making an awful sound (I know nothing about cars).  He said it usually takes a few weeks to get an appointment, but if I wanted to drive it over he would take it for a ride with me to diagnose the problem.I drove it over, he took one look at my car and found the problem.  He didn't have room for me right then, but I dropped it off 2 days later in the morning and I had it back before the end of the day.  Before I left, he noticed all the expired parking passes covering my back window and offered to take them off for me.  Great customer service; I will definitely be back with any future car issues.
5	I went here a couple weeks ago to get new tires on my car. I couldn't agree more with the other reviewers. Walter's was originally supposed to call me with an estimated cost, and when I hadn't heard, I called and spoke with Walter directly. 15 minutes later, he had an estimate for me. When I couldn't decide on the tire I wanted, he had three different types waiting for me when I came in for my appointment & went through the pros and cons of each! Just great service!I also found the price reasonable & the service was quick.
5	Scenario: Get into my car at 3:30 and head to campus for a meeting. All of a sudden, the tire warning signal lights up even though I don't remember running over anything. I get out of the car to carefully inspect my tires and they feel/look completely OK. But after owning a BMW for 3 years and having constant wheel alignment/tire issues (ie. when a tire warning signal lights up, it usually means my tire's about to blow out!!), I freaked out and frantically drove my Infiniti to the first 3 auto shops on Baum Blvd. I waited at the first stop for 5-10 minutes and the guy did not get off the phone. I got back into the car and drove it over to Pep Boy's where a mechanic was outside smoking. He says I need to go through their service desk (inside their huge store) and deal with them first. I'm thinking, "ugh. no time. I have class in 40 minutes and I'm already late to my meeting." I drive past the 3rd shop and I don't even see anyone sitting at the reception desk and figure it's going to take forever to get what I'm asking for.Then, I remembered the really positive experience I had with Walter's. I decided to drive to the end of Baum Blvd. to find his place and boy, am I glad I did. As soon as I got there, the service coordinator told me to pull my car around front so that their mechanic could take a look at my tires. He stopped what he was doing to do this and told me I could just stay in my car. Then, he reassured me that my tires were OK and he proceeded to inflate them, explaining to me why the signals might have come on.Free of charge, in and out within 5 minutes, and helpful/reassuring. I love this about Walter's Automative. They're not out just to make money. They genuinely just want to help. Highly reccommend!!
5	As numerous people have pointed out, Walter's is indeed a great repair shop.  Tim (Walter is his last name) and the rest of his staff are friendly, honest, professional, and reliable.  I highly recommend this shop for repairs, maintenance, and check ups.  However, they are victims of their own awesomeness.  The waits here can be long--2 weeks or more--due to how busy they are and they only have one bay.  If you do have a pressing safety concern though, Tim is always willing to take your car for a spin or do a quick diagnosis to let you know if something needs to be taken care of.
5	Great place. I take my car there for everything. Inexpensive, friendly, and knowledgeable. They've fixed my tire, taped a broken hose temporarily, and done other things for no charge several times. I'd definitely recommend them.
5	Best car repair spot in town.  Tim is honest, hard-working, and knows his sh*t.  I've been in burgh for 3 years now.  I was driving a 2000 Nissan Maxima and it had 170K miles on it.  Now, I loved that car and whenever something went wrong I brought it in to Walter's.  Last time I brought it in I asked him if I should put more money into the car- the alternator was out and a new battery was needed.  The car would not start.  He told me it is a good time to get a new car because he wan't sure how much more this car could take.  He even gave me a couple of numbers of guys who buy cars "as is."  I called these guys and sold this beater maxima for $1000 as is!  Now, I drive a 2011 Malibu and I'm a happy girl.  Thank you Tim- I appreciate you looking out!  Other car repair shops would have fixed my car charged me out the azz only for my car to break down again.  Tim really does have your best interest.
5	Walter's garage is awesome!  I was in real trouble with my car and needed immediate repairs and he managed to fit me into his busy schedule and charged a fair price for the work.  He was kind and honest--what more could you ask for from a mechanic?  :)
5	I have a general rule of thumb when picking out an auto repair shop:The "office" must be very messy and grease and dirt must be everywhere.  In my opinion, if an auto shop has the time and money to keep a squeaky clean appearance, they're wasting some of your money you pay for service.  Walter's Automotive fits the bill with their "office" being a small cluttered desk in the service bay.  Their "lobby" is the doorway that you stand in just outside the "office."  I couldn't be happier with my first impressions--to me, minimal overhead means maximum service and value.Sure enough everyone at Walter's is very nice and helpful.  Apparently, everyone else in Pittsburgh knows this since I have to schedule an appointment 10 days in advance just to get my car inspected.  So please, even though Walter's is awesome, don't come here--I want this place to myself.
5	I thought I need an alignment and turns out all I needed was a tire balance. I stopped by he had me go with him and we drove around the block. I didn't cost me a thing because the tire balance was under warranty. Really  nice guy.
5	Mr. Walter is an honest, friendly guy. He helped me out a lot with my VERY old car. Always took the time to explain what was going on. The services he did to the car were not always as quick as some would hope, but I never felt cheated or ignored or talked down to, he always did a great job.When that old (VERY old) car finally, truly died (became unfixable) and needed to be scrapped, he even volunteered a partial refund to me because he said he wished that his most recent work on it could have been enjoyed by me for longer, so that I could have gotten my money's worth. He truly is a super guy to work on your car.
5	I had to get a new mechanic since I recently moved here. That worried me, a lot, as I own a VW. Thankfully I found all these reviews on Yelp about Walters and decided to give it a shot. Rules about Walters: Plan at least two weeks ahead for an appointment. It is worth it. From there you don't have to worry about anything. On my particular car I always have to fix the suspension, and I ended up needing the same repair from last year. Last year I spent $1,300 from my very reasonable and trustworthy mechanic I had been using for years at home. This year Walters quoted me just under $700. I was pretty blown away by that considering the other place I go to is just as down to earth as Walter's.Walters took the time to put my tennis racquets in my trunk and remove my aftermarket stereo so they wouldn't be seen. He explained everything to me thoroughly and was really friendly when I came to pick up my car. I know a lot about cars and mechanics since I've worked at a dealership and the honesty of Walters still amazes me. I will take my car here every time I need to get something done, even if I get a newer car with a warranty from a dealership.
5	There are at least 2 auto repair shops where I could drop my car and walk home or to school in less than 10 minutes.  I have to drive to Walter's, take the bus back home and catch it back  to get my car.  It's about a 15 minute ride each way.I would walk there on my hands.  They are that awesome.Tim is not only great at what he does, he is cool as hell!  He was patient with me and my (over 230,000 miles) car that took a freaking month to pass the emissions inspection. Turns out the mass flow sensor wires were dirty- anywhere else and I would have already replaced 2 O2 sensors and I would still be going through emissions crap.I am really happy to have found someone to take care of my car :-D  Thanks Tim!!!
5	I like Tim Walter so much, I almost wish my car would break down so I would have an excuse to see him. He is super honest, explains everything, gets the cheapest appropriate parts he can, and isn't the least bit condescending. Picture the kindest surgeon you can; Tim Walter is the same, just for cars instead. Also, the man has a great memory. He *still* makes fun of me for that Coke can I had strapped to my muffler 7 years ago.
5	For the last 5 years that I have been living in Pittsburgh I have been coming to Walter's...its always been a bit of trick planning to take my car in for maintenance as they are very busy because they are indeed great mechanics and generally awesome and friendly people. You absolutely do need to call a few weeks ahead and be patient. Quality service takes some time. Now that I am moving to the opposite side of the country, I took my car in one last time to get everything checked out, fixed, swapped out etc. My car was in the shop for 3 days and I waited patiently knowing that I can trust Tim and Arlene in the same way I can trust my parents to get something important done. They aren't there to screw you over. I know this because I had, on my first occasion taking my car there, gotten a second opinion on somethings and everything aligned between the two sources so they earned my trust! They took care of me and my car really well. Arlene kept me up to date on what was going on and Tim took the time to explain what the parts were, what they did and how much things were going to cost. He even sat with me after closing hours researching the oxygen sensor and tires I needed online and quoting me the best price. He listed out everything I needed to have done and told me which was most important for a cross country drive and what could wait. That is service and care!! If you need a great mechanic, like you need a good doctor, be patient, be inquisitive and do a little bit of planning. Your car will get serviced, your wallet will be in good shape and you might learn a bit about the car you drive. I only hope to find as good of a business in Seattle as I did here in Pittsburgh. Thanks for everything!
5	Hands down a great experience! I called yesterday as the driver headlight on my car was out and asked if I needed to make an appointment. The woman on the phone said to just stop right by during their hours. I went by this morning and their (small) lot was full so I just sat in my car while I believe who was Tim was finished chatting with another guy. I continued to sat in my car for a couple of minutes while Tim quickly inspected my headlight. Unfortunately he did not have any replacement bulbs but ordered them right on the spot while I was there and told me to come back any time in the afternoon. Fast forward a few hours later. I  just popped by and after popping my hood and going into their office to pay, my headlight was replaced! Friendly, honest, fair and quick service. No BS. Highly recommend Walter's Automotive.
5	I found this mechanic based on the excellent Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.  I came to Walter's because my radiator was leaking coolant and Walter tried to save me money by doing a patch job on the leak which he was only going to charge me $20.  Unfortunately it didn't work and I still had to go through with the replacement, but I appreciated the time he took to give a cheaper alternative a try.  And Tim Walter is a friendly guy who will take the time to discuss the problem with you and give you a fair deal.  This place gets busy so you will likely have to call a week in advance and leave your car at least overnight, but it's close to bus stops.  There is no waiting area and I don't think they do any quick jobs that you can stay and wait for.
5	I was having an issue with the emissions light in my car. I spoke with Arlene, who gave me a rundown of what I could expect while my car was in the shop. She then told me that even though they were very busy, I could stop by before my appointment so that Tim could check things out and make sure my car was safe to drive. Tim poked around, figured out it was the gas cap, and sent me on my way without charging. A good mechanic is worth their weight in gold and I will not only return to this garage but refer others as well.
5	A trust worthy mechanic is very rare these days...I split time between Seattle (work) and The Burgh (Family) so when my car began to lose power on acceleration I searched for a local repair shop on yelp... Based on the numerous positive reviews I made an appointment at Walters on Baum Blvd.My appointment was made for two weeks in advance but Tim had me bring my car in and we took it for a test drive. Tim determined that it was the Cat converter and recommended that I not drive the vehicle very much as to not cause further damage. Tim said that he and one of his mechanics were going to work extra hours that weekend to get caught up and that he would try to get to my vehicle. So I dropped my car off on Wed night, on Thursday Tim called with an estimate that was 150.00 to 200.00 less than what others had quoted. I expected my car to be worked on over the weekend however at the end of Thursday Tim called and told me that my car was ready and running great! Wow! I was surprised and grateful. When I picked up my car on Friday the cost for repairs was 15.00 less than my original quote due to a gasket that was included with the part and not ordered separate. I figure that many shops would have just kept the refund from the extra part and would have charged me for the quoted price but not Tim at Walter's.I can't say enough about the excellent service I received from Walter's...
5	I cannot sing Tim Walter's praises loud enough.I have taken my car to him for about 5 years, and I always leave with a new experience attesting to his awesomeness. If you think you might have something wrong with your car that you're not sure what it is, you can just stop by, and he'll usually take a break from what he's working on to get in your car with you and drive for a little bit and then give you his opinion. Then, when he diagnoses your car, he'll explain it to you like you're not an idiot, and he'll make sure you understand what's going on. He's incredibly honest and cares about his customers. For instance, once I had a tire that needed to be replaced but he didn't have it in stock. He told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in, then he called another shop to see if they had it and asked how much they were charging for it, and he sent me there because it would be cheaper and faster for me than having him order it. The price difference was like ten bucks, so I had him do it because it wasn't an emergency and I'd rather give him my business. He's awesome.
5	Mr. Walter is great. Reasonable prices, he's honest and tells you like it is. As a first-time car owner, he's helped me out numerous times and been very kind and generous in the face of my total ignorance!
5	What excellent service!  I couldn't be happier.
5	I heard about Walter's by the great reviews here on yelp. They did not steer me wrong. I went to the shop and asked for an appointment for leaking oil, but the secretary said they didn't have one for a couple weeks. Walter was doing work and asked me a couple questions, then asked if I could bring it in the next morning. The next morning! I did, and Walter and his employee lifted and took a look under my truck. Literally in seconds they found that it was simply a botched oil change, tightened the cap, and brought my truck down. He even topped off my oil, I believe. All this, and he said "no charge on that" as I went to pull out my wallet. I was in shock. As a side note, Walter and his staff are also very approachable. While his employee worked on my truck Walter, a fellow mechanic (?), and I talked about various things.I will recommend Walter's to my brother who lives here in Pittsburgh, and will go to Walter's with any car trouble I have while I am here for school. I recommend Walter's in the highest degree.
5	Another five-star review, this one from a newbie.  The brakes on my Honda fit were making a frightful sound.  I was sure I'd get the full-rotor press from the chains, because that's kind of their job.  The dealer sold me the car in the first place, so I don't like them. (Not 100% happy with the Fit).  A little research turned up Walter's 42 5-star reviews, so I thought I'll give them a try.  I wasn't certain they'd be able to see me soon enough, but whatever.  Walter called me back within 1/2 hour, told me to get the car in ASAP to make sure it was safe to drive, 'and then if you have to go somewhere and wait, you have to go somewhere and wait."  I delivered my car 1/2 hour after that, went somewhere and waited, and had it back, fixed, within another hour, for less than 200 bucks. Walter's garage from now on. Yep.
5	I had to give Walter's 5 stars, if there was a way to say it was exceptional, I would do that.I found Walter's through yelp and was not sure how a auto repair shop had all 5-star reviews. This is totally unheard of. And now having gone there for a repair and inspection, I can just say, BEST MECHANIC IN TOWN. Other people have sung praises for Walter's already, so I won't get into that. My recommendation: If you are looking for an amazing, trustworthy, competent and humble mechanic, dial Walter's number. You will not be disappointed.
5	This place has not only done my regular maintenance perfectly, but Tim has also dropped everything to help me in a pinch. Little things like changing my headlight for free when Pep Boys and Monro wanted me to wait 2 hours and charge me $20+ and helping me fill my coolant when I was in a panic. This place is just absolutely outstanding, I can't sing it enough praises.
5	I have an older car and so sometimes things go wonky. One night I had to drop it off because it was barely running and I had no idea why. This was the first time I went to Walter's, turns out that it was only an oil changing problem. Car places usually screw me over because I know nothing about cars, but Walters did not. They are really great and fix the car for your needs. Yesterday I returned for inspection and once again he treated me fairly and only mentioned things that I already knew needed work. I would recommend this place to anyone with an older car and wants an honest car repair man. Walter's will definitely be getting my business in the future!
5	Went to Walt's Auto for an inspection after seeing all of these great reviews on Yelp, and was so happy I did. I will be taking my car and my husband's truck here from now on. The service here cannot be beat!
5	Recently had some problems with my battery and took to yelp to find a nearby/reputable mechanic.  After reading all the great reviews on Walter's Automative, I made an appointment as recommended and brought my car in.Long story short, minus all the technical details, Walter was very helpful and informative in helping me resolve the problem.  He was very open to listening to me describe the problem and was patient and quick to look into the issue and provide his expert advice. Customer service was great as well!  It was really easy to call and schedule an appointment, and when I arrived the minimal office space looked pretty organized, given that it's inside an auto shop.  All the keys looked organized and labeled.  The appointment book looked clear and kept up.  I can really appreciate when a business is well run.I would definitely recommend giving this business a try!
5	Honest. Reliable. Trust Worthy.Tim goes above and beyond with his service. He came to my house 3x one day to check everything he could before I ended up towing it to the garage. I will definitely go back!
5	Extremely honest, great work and amazing prices. I had them repair a wheel issue on my car. For no charge the mechanic also hid some wires I never got around to moving for the DYI back-up camera I installed.
5	Walter's is the best and most honest mechanic I've ever worked with. They are super busy because they are so great, so they have no need to do unnecessary repairs. Can't speak highly enough of quality of their work and integrity!
5	very nice people who were accommodating and appear to look for ways to do the job right at the lowest cost possible. a breath of fresh air for an out-of-towner with a problem. Thanks
5	I will never go anywhere else. Never had a shop tell me what I didn't need.  Treated my mother the same way.  Women if you looking for a place where you don't get ripped off, this is your place.  He is always busy, so he does not have time to add stuff on and just working with he is more worried about doing a good job.  I highly recommend this shop.
5	I was cautiously optimistic about Walter's after seeing the great reviews. I wasn't disappointed at all! The staff at Walter's was very friendly and helpful in scheduling me an appointment and worked with me throughout the entire car repair process.The best thing about the entire experience was the price and the flexibility at Walter's. The staff allowed me to pick my car up after hours (I have a work schedule that did not allow for me to get my car during business hours). They also gave a very reasonable price for the work that was done. The building may look small, but this is the best car repair place I've been to. Very impressed with the service and the staff.
5	After reading all of the great reviews I thought I would try them for my car's annual inspection. All I can say is I wish I had found out about them decades ago.I arrived on time, and he was ready for me -- no waiting. I told him I only have one car, and would have to wait in the area, so he said he would get to work on it ASAP. Sure enough, about 1.5 hours later it was done.Even better, he told me nothing was wrong with it, so it would only cost me the price of the inspection. My car is only 6 years old, yet every other year wherever I took it there was a whole list of things which needed to be done, which ended up costing anywhere from $400-$600. Now I see how ripped off I was. It's a priceless experience to leave an automotive shop and feel like you weren't cheated.In the future, whenever anything needs to be done to my car, the one and only call I will make will be to Walter's Automotive.
5	Probably owing to the fact that I drive rolling turds exclusively, I've had a very hard time finding a good mechanic.  After seeing so many good reviews, I decided to call Walter's.  My 20 year old Subaru was stalling and not starting.  I was warned that it would be a 2 week wait (Tim was on vacation for a week, booked for another), but if I needed to be seen before then, she could give me a referral somewhere.  I decided to take my chances on getting stranded and wait for the godfather; I'm glad I did.Tim diagnosed the problem, then laid out his plan of attack.  He worked to get my car running for as cheap as possible.  When I went to pick it up, he spent several extra minutes going over what he had done, and what may need to be done in the future.  He was actually smiling as he told me more Subaru mechanical trivia than I ever wanted to know.Like others have said, the wait can be long.  Usually, i'd have given a company 4 stars for this reason.  But, I'm telling you, the quality of work and the customer service you'll get here more than makes up for the wait.
5	I can only agree with previous reviews in that the service is1) Good2) Affordable (the don't overcharge you)3) Flexible, e.g., you can pick up the car late.The personnel is polite and knowledgeable.
5	I just went to Tim as my check engine light came on on my recently purchased 2005 Toyota Corolla. Tim took a look at the code and told me what the problem was. Reset it for me and told me to call him if it comes on again, all free of charge in just 5 minutes. That is why I like Tim and will recommend him over anyone else, especially for old cars, the guy is very honest and will only recommend what is best for your car and your situation. Not making you spend money when you don't need to.
5	Finding a decent, honest auto mechanic is always a battle. I can't stress enough how amazing Walter and his team are. They are very friendly, personable, honest hard working people. I would never go to another garage in Pittsburgh. I can't stress it enough!
