5	Yummy!  What a cute, clean place for lunch!  Being from Chicago, I am very picky about Chicago style food.  This place was awesome, the food was great, service really friendly, and the prices just right.  Great place to stop if you're in Las Vegas.
5	Love this place!!! I stubled upon this little gem the other day when i was running errands. The owner joe is a chicago transplant and chef at Bouchon in the Venetian. They phenomenal hotdogs, homemade pineapple Italian ice, homemade cup cakes, and my fav Mexican bottle cokes! If your in the UNLV area do yourself a favor and stop in.
4	I love me a good Chicago Style dog and have in fact eaten more than one in a day while visiting the Windy City.  There are a couple of places here in town where I've had them (Chicago Style Dogs on Rancho and the place on Trop in the old TCBY that's Sammy's now).  Since going veg, though, I thought I was out of luck to get a Chicago Dog here in Vegas. Imagine my joy when I saw the Lunch Box advertising soy dogs!  His buns do have egg, but are locally freshly made and delish (steamed with poppy seed the way they're meant to be!).His prices are excellent and the cupcakes were yummy as well.  I'm saving the fifth star for not having vegan buns- I'm not, but I do think it'd help to have some on hand for them.I hope he can stick around-- he's a great Veg option that we sorely need in the University area.  And how can you go wrong with a Chicago Dog?Also, once a week he told me they host a gourmet-type dinner and from the photos the menu and food looked excellent.
4	I'm going to tell you two things straight up: 1) I am vegan and 2) I haven't eaten a hot dog (even a soy dog) since I was 7 years old. And I don't plan to any time soon.  So why would I go to a hot dog place?Wellllllllllllllll - as of late, the Lunch Box has been offering Korean tacos as a special, and they have a vegan tofu taco!! Whaaaa? Do I live in LA? Who would have thought that Las Vegas would ever get in on the vegan KT action?And it is ridiculously good.  I think about it a lot.  Perfectly grilled cubes of tofu in a luscious marinade served up in a soft warm corn tortilla and topped with kimchee, sesame seeds and green onions.  At 2/$4 (served with a side of edamame), how can you beat this?! I'm a bit of a piggy pig, and I was comfortably full.  I considered going back for more, even though I was pretty full, just b/c they were THAT GOOD.  They also had a bulgogi (meat) taco.Vegans and vegetarians - the soy dogs are vegan, but the buns have egg, and they helpfully acknowledge that on their menu board.  I heard good things about the turkey chili dog from my omnivorous companion.  Follow them on Twitter or FB to find out when they have the specials like the tacos!! Worth a visit even if you're not a dog fan!
4	Yay! Im a fan of any place that is going to offer veggie hot dogs! Ive been there for the Chicago style veggie dog which was cheap, quick and tasty. Showing support and spreading the word....Thanks Jen F. for the vegan taco night tip! I will definitely look out for that special and stop by! Sounds awesome! :)
5	The Lunch Box is the best place to go if you're looking for great food in the University area around UNLV.  The selections are limited, but the quality on everything is top notch, and the menu changes daily, so you'll never know what you'll see.  The Chef and Owner, Joe, used to work at Bouchon, and is originally from Chicago.  He is a very nice guy, and everything he makes is great!The menu consists mostly of Hot Dogs, but the daily specials consist of everything from Korean Tacos to Pork Belly Sandwiches.  The Chicago Dog is my favorite, but he also has several other styles, all served with all-beef, Kosher Hot Dogs.  The Chicago Dog is a served standard Chicago-style, and that's just how I like it.  All beef Hot Dog, chopped onion, fresh tomato, pickle, hot peppers, mustard, ketchup, and celery salt.  Perfect Hot Dog, and no one does it better in Las Vegas than The Lunch Box.  The Chilean Dog has avocado, spicy mayo, sauerkraut (great sauerkraut, by the way), tomato, and other basics on the all-beef Hot Dog.  They also have a Coleslaw Dog, and a Chili-Cheese Dog.  The desserts at The Lunch Box are also very good.  In fact, their desserts are better than many of the places dedicated to dessert.  They have house-made Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee that is fantastic.  They also have had House-made Waffle and Ice Cream Sandwich.  I have also seen shaved ice on the dessert menu, as well.  If you go to UNLV, work around there, or happen to be in the area, I'd highly suggest stopping by The Lunch Box.  You will support a small business that is focused on quality, and get a great meal at the same time.  It's also a very affordable lunch.  Most of the Hot Dogs are around $3.50, and my whole meal usually is around $5.
4	I remember when I was in elementary school my mom used to pack me a hot dog, pepsi, and goldfish crackers for lunch, those times were good. Now that I am in college mom doesn't pack me lunch anymore, but now I can still get my fix at The Lunch Box.The Lunch Box is not like any other restaurant around the UNLV radius. It is located next to a military office, and inside is filled with oil pastel artwork, metallica here and there, a drum set, and even a dart board, which would make sense for a bar, but for a little eatery... it is a bit strange. The man of the shop is a very professional looking sir ready to serve you anything from a peanut butter waffle sandwich to a chicago style hot dog to a waffle ice cream sandwich and even to a bulgogi or tofu taco.I won't go into details of the hot dogs as they are described below the page, but the waffle ice cream sandwich is definitely something to try. Imagine being in Hawaii crisping in the sun while being served a snow cone, now convert that to cold vanilla ice cream between two large layers of crispy Belgian Waffles, good stuff right?Now for the K O R E A N   T A C O S.The Lunch Box only serves korean tacos during certain times (usually 5:30-8) on specific days which you can learn about via facebook/twitter. I firmly believe TLB's Korean tacos are superior to the current competition(s) in Las Vegas. First off for a mere $1.25 a fair amount of bulgogi (marinated korean styled beef) or tofu toppled with kim chi (pickled cabbage), green onions, and sesame seeds sleeping inside of a warm CORN tortilla can be yours! The bonus is that the bulgogi and tofu have a texture and taste  that can be distinguished from each other.I like the tacos so much lets recap one more time!- $1.25!- Fair portions!- Corn Tortilla!- Texture differences! Other worthy/important mentions are..- Variety of uncommon drinks such as Faygo root beer, Caribbean Ginger Ale and glass bottle cokes made in Mexico.- At the moment the boss man can only take credit/debit cards by using PayPal via netbook. - One man show- Waffle Sandwiches take longer than the hot dogs.
5	I love a good hot dog but Joe's are great. He is super friendly and really cares about your experience. The Lunch Box is across the street from UNLV's campus, and since the only other place to get a good hot dog is 20 minutes away, I was thankful. IF you are in the mood for something interesting try the Chilean hot dog. The spicy mayo with sauerkraut is a great combo. But nothing beats the original! I have one them once a week. STUDENTS: Joe give a 10% discount to students when you show him your student id card. There are only 4 hot dogs on the menu which keeps things simple. The decor is really cool also. Its like going back to when you were 6 y/o and have the tin lunch pales were cool. He has a hole collection of them and some interesting art as well. Plus there is always some new musical artist being played which makes the atmosphere really eclectic. It always and interesting lunch at The Lunch Box. Happy eating!
5	This place is just great. Went there earlier this afternoon for the first time and got the Chilean hot dog, got two actually haha. My friend told me about this place because we get Chilean hot dogs somewhere in the SW part of town and we had to see if lunchbox could beat it. And it does, it most certainly does. Menu is small but it's quality over quantity. The place is run by its owner alone.  And who doesn't want to support their local business owner? There's a freshly made, Belgian waffle ice cream sandwich that is bomb as fck. And I say that with no shame (I work at a waffles place). I'm in my wines class right now and I'm thinking about going across the street after class to get one. I highly recommend this place and I wish Joe the best of luck with his business.
5	I've been on the search for a good Chilean Hot Dog, since my usual place to get one has let me down the las two times I've been there. And The Lunch Box has ended that search. Now, what exactly is a Chilean Hot Dog?! Pure deliciousness is what it is !  But on a more serious note, its a hot dog topped with mayonnaise, mustard, avocado, tomato, and sauerkraut. The Lunch Box provides a great alternative to UNLV students that are tired of the usual eateries. This place probably has the smallest menu I've seen, but EVERYTHING on the menu sounds great. On top of the Chilean Hot dog, I also ordered the ice cream waffle sandwich [which was the best decision I made that day]. He uses a homemade waffle recipe and adds chocolate chips to the batter, puts ice cream in between two slices and tops it off with a little bit of powdered sugar. The prices are great. There's nothing over five dollars, if I remember correctly. The one thing that could possibly be considered a con to this establishment, is that you'll probably have to order at least two things in order to fulfill your hunger. But, that's not a big enough thing to reduce this place to four stars. The way I look at it, ordering two different things on the menu means for deliciousness for me.
5	We stopped in here for a soy dog snack- thanks Yelpers for your reviews! It's so nice to be able to have an option like everyone else re: a quick easy snack. We ordered two different soy dogs and were very pleased with our mid-day snack. The place is owned by a very friendly guy (who looked like he was only a baby!) who opened the place only seven months ago. I would highly recommend a trip here, especially if you're veg... soy hot dog option! How cool is that? Oh, the place is impeccably clean as well. Definitely a  plus. Especially for a hot dog place!
5	They are no longer Korean tacos offered, I will miss them. On a side note... the hospitality here is really unparalleled, Joe is always welcoming and remembers my name without a stutter even though the frequency of my visits are once a month. Anyways combining his friendly service with the quality and obvious craftsmanship he devotes into a simple hot dog makes the Lunch Box a winner. Another side note... I get the waffle ice cream sandwich every time I get a chance regardless if the weather outside is 50 degrees, it is really that difficult to pass on a thick crispy waffle filled with chocolate chips sheltering ice cream.
5	Great place to grab lunch when you're in the UNLV area. The owner Joe is a super nice guy and great at what he does. The hot dogs are all phenomenal and the waffle ice cream sandwich is a thing of beauty.
5	Let me get something straight with all who may be interested in my reviews. I will probably only write reviews when I find places that I think are truly amazing and, as a result, all my them will be five stars. This will probably mean I won't have be making many entries but rest assured that the places I do review are well worth checking out for your own opinions. That said ... let's get on to my first review on yelp ever!The Lunch Box is a true testament to the saying: don't judge a book by it's cover. I came here upon buying my first smart phone ever and checking out nearby places to eat from UNLV on the yelp app. Of course, I wanted something delicious and the already established 5-star rating on this place gave me the incentive to give it a try. So I dragged a few friends along with me to it. I must admit, however, that upon seeing the entrance and completely ordinary looking sign for the establishment, as we walked towards it from school, made me think I wasn't in for a treat. I couldn't have been more wrong!We walked in to the small and simple establishment to be greeted by the guy behind the counter and it all. Because it was our first time there, my friends and I decided to order different items so we could take a bite of each others' hot dogs and see all this place had to offer. And don't get me wrong... there isn't a huge variety or anything but I personally found all of them to be equally delicious in their own unique ways. I can't even say that I have a favorite item there because they are all just as satisfying. However, the best was yet to come as we all ordered the made-from-scratch belgian waffle ice cream sandwich with chocolate chip and simply fell into a bliss. As an added bonus, the price of each item here is just right  considering the location and the more than likely patrons eating here: college students. After having what I feel is the most delicious place around campus, we decided to give our thanks and leave. Joe, the guy behind the counter, asked for each of our names and introduced himself before we did though and sincerely welcomed us back. I haven't disappointed him since.Joe remembered my name when I came in the very next day. I can't say that he can remember all his customer's names like that but he proved his outstanding commitment to his work and service to me. I am a frequent regular at The Lunch Box in the sense that I haven't missed a single opportunity to eat there on school days. The only real gripe I may have is easily dismissed given the situation. As far as I can tell, Joe runs and manages the place on his own, and with more people discovering him every passing day, I can see how it may take a bit longer than usual for him to get you your food if he is swamped. Regardless, do yourself a favor and have a bite to eat here! I promise you won't regret it. As a side note, I wasn't much of a hot dog kind of guy until my first experience at The Lunch Box.
4	I came here because a few friends on facebook gave rave reviews for this place. No matter how good a hotdog is, I'll never be a hot dog kind of person. I've only tried the Chicago and Tokyo hotdogs and I really like the Tokyo one. I don't usually like wasabi but this tasted surprisingly good. It will run out quick so come early!The one thing I've gotten every single time was the Belgian Waffle ice cream sandwich made from scratch. Every single time! Yum yum. Joe, the owner, is very hospitable (and service is very important to me) and he's even remembered my name after I introduced myself to him. So even if you're not a hotdog person, give this place a try and you most definitely need to get the waffle at least once. I'll be trying all the hotdogs as I go each time. And then we'll see what my favorite will be.
5	I'm a student who goes through the strip mall every day, ever since I watched the place go up I wanted to try it- especially after returning from a three month trip in Chicago.I have to say, it's been one of the more unique eating experiences I've had.The atmosphere is cool- plain and simple- kinda hipstery. One wall is adorned with a vintage lunchbox collection and music, it was just something different- something I appreciate. Seating is simple, the place is open.From the standpoint of someone who has had a crazy amount of restaurant industry experience considering my age, the owner's set up is in my opinion, pure genius. Incredibly simple and incredibly functional. He steams (or boils, I didn't look too into it) the hotdogs, doesn't bother with fries (therefore, fryers) and uses electric appliances- eliminating the need for a hood and having to had made renovations to the old building to adapt to a kitchen setting. Next to the register- all the fixings are kept fresh together right where he puts the hotdogs together- which he does so artistically, carefully and one by one- creating a short wait that is well worth it. For whoever is working the counter and making the hotdog- everything has been put together efficiently and is easily accessible, and is done right in front of the customer (which gives some piece of mind). Also, he has about 5 things on the menu- all hot dogs (a few very creative ones) except for a waffle icecream sandwich that smelled fantastic but I haven't tried yet. I really hope that customers keep coming because the restaurant/business plan is the kind that is so simple it's near perfect.Although I was gravitated there to get a long dreamed of Chicago Hot Dog fix- I ordered the Chilean (paired with a Mexican coke and salt and vinegar chips). I've never heard of anything like it- spicy mayo and avocado- on a hot dog? It was fantastic! Best of all everything is incredibly reasonable- you try finding a Chicago Hot Dog at a "authentic" hot dog/chicago style eatery for under $4! (I've seen $7- yikes)I plan on going back this week to try that waffle ice cream sandwich and the Tokyo- this place is definitely a new favorite.
4	Awesome little hole in the wall college place.Do not judge a book by it's cover or in this case do not let the sign outside fool you!This is  really nice little place for college students to come for lunch or breaks during classes. The white tiles gives it clean cut  look and it also reminded me of a Polish sausage factory.I had the Chicago dog, which was delicious! All the flavors complimented each other well, no need to ketchup at all. Can't wait to try the other dogs. Waffle ice cream sandwich was AWESOME. The chocolate chips and the freshness of the waffle really gives it the amazing factor. Another great thing is that it's simple yet perfect at the same time. Sometimes desserts go overboard with sweetness, but this is just right. MUST TRY!Since there's already a dart board, possibly putting a video game area/ lounge would make this place even better.
5	Why this place is awesome:1) Worth the money.2) Great selection of dogs to choose from.3)They have soy dogs for you vegetarians or vegans!4) awesome art work displayed & great vibe5) most friendly customer service ever!Thanks Joe!!!! I'll be stopping in frequently :)
5	Wieners and waffles! The Lunch Box is such a simple concept that is executed to perfection. They offer the smallest menu I have ever seen but prove that you don't need to offer a lot to get happy customers.The Lunch Box caters towards UNLV students but that didn't prevent my MGM Grand co-workers and I from making the trip during our lunch break. The restaurant is tiny with a few tables and chairs, cool art on the walls, and a dart board.We told the owner, Joe, that we were first timers and he took the time to explain the menu (though it is not very extensive) and suggest some of the favorites. He also highly recommended that we get the Chocolate Chip Waffle and Vanilla Ice Cream Sandwich for dessert. They have some strange toppings on the menu such as the Chilean Dog that has mustard, spicy mayo, avocado, tomatoes and sauerkraut but I didn't want to be too adventurous on my first visit. I ordered the chili cheese dog with a side of chips and a soda for a total of about $6. My dog was delicious and I found the meal to be very fulfilling. Three of us shared the waffle sandwich and Joe graciously cut it into equal parts on separate plates without us having to ask. Brownie points!I love The Lunch Box because it has all the things I look for in a good lunch: reasonable price, tasty, good portions, and great service. Besides, I can't resist a good wiener or a good waffle sandwich... so a place that serves both is an A+++ in my book!
3	I dont understand how everyone in the past gave this place a 4 or 5 star review...Dont get me wrong, the place is ok. It serves hot dogs, in different styles, and depending if your choice is on "special" that day, due to the constantly revolving menu, then you pay about $5. If not, then youre paying $6...for a HOT DOG, a can of soda, and a bag of chips. Service: The lady at the counter was not very welcoming, asked what I wanted, took my money...average.Food: The hot dog was good. I say good because it was tasty, but the ingredients on the Chicago Dog were not authentic, sans the peppers and the bun.Atmosphere: It has a few tables, it is clean, and there is a dartboard....in case you just have a hankering for a game of darts whilst eating your food...random, but I guess it could be fun if youre there with a group of your friends...maybe...I would have given this place more stars if the food was a little more fulfilling for $6, there wasnt a bum hanging out right in front of the door talking to himself, and the service was a little more friendly.
5	I am out on a mission to discover all the cool places to eat in Vegas. Once a week, I take a friend out to lunch around UNLV. At first, I though it would be difficult to keep finding awesome new places to try, but I am constantly being proved wrong. I cannot rate their hot dogs, because I came for one thing alone, the waffle.I have a weakness for ice cream and when you place it on a waffle, it is my veritable kryptonite. I heard from a friend that this place has the best ice cream chocolate chip waffles. After being disappointed with the Crepe Shacks version, I was looking for a place to restore my faith in the Waffle Gods.The Crepe Shacks is wonderful, for crepes, but their waffles lack a crisp edge and a nice crunch when you cut into it. The Lunch Box's is not as dense as I prefer, but they definitely have that golden brown texture that I love.I ordered the vanilla ice cream waffle, but lucky for me, the cashier had informed me that they have a mint chocolate chip waffle. Before she could get pass the word mint, I had already screamed that I wanted to change to the special. She was really nice to over look my outburst and just laugh. I wish I could put a picture up for you to see, but before my friend could take one, I had already put away half the waffle and started eating her portion.
4	My wife has told me she really likes the Chicago Dog at The Lunch Box. I had never been and was looking for a new place to try for lunch. The Lunch Box is close to my work, so I decided to give it a try. Based on the name, I figured they had sandwiches. I was wrong. They pretty much only have hot dogs. I'm not a huge hot dog fan, but the Tokyo dog sounded really intriguing.The Tokyo dog is a brat with daikon radish, wasabi mayo, and an egg. It was pretty good. I would definitely go back.Aside from the dogs and brats, they also have waffles and a PB&J waffle sandwich. A girl ordered the PB&J while I was there and I have to say it smelled and looked delicious. I may just have to try that next time.
5	It's hard to say, "I'm not a hot dog kind of gal," when I just ate two hot dogs for lunch today. And one yesterday. I like the simplicity of saying, "Want a hot dog?" when a "Yes" means I get  a Tokyo Brat with Daikon radish, boiled eggs, wasabi sauce, and green onions. Or, a Chilean hot dog with avocados, spicy mayo, and sauerkraut. Today I had the Chicago with peppers, pickles and onions.Like others have said, the environment is basic. A few small tables, some old school lunch boxes, a clean counter, an easy-to-navigate menu written in colorful chalk. The wafflewiches are overdone. The waffles are huge, crunchy, but not too dense. They should be shared. Before eating, apply chapstick and do a little warm up routine to loosen your lips.That's how fat the wafflewich is.
4	I could see myself becoming a regular here if it were a little more conveniently located to my area of operation.I enjoyed the Chili Cheese Dog and Tokyo Dog for my first experience.  The Tokyo Dog was amazing.  The brat was perfectly cooked, and the toppings (including a liberal dose of sriracha that I added) blended together for a taste explosion in the mouth.  The Chili Cheese Dog had a very liberal heaping of chili and generous green onions.  The chili almost reminded me of Cincinnati-style chili...it was quite tasty.Although I was on the fence about getting the waffle ice cream sandwich, the owner was nice enough to bring out a sample.  It did not disappoint.  Pretty sure I would have had a foodgasm if the mint chocolate chip version was on special though...I will most definitely be returning to try out the other offerings when my schedule allows...
4	Pros: Food is delicious.Cons: They forgot about my order.The Tokyo brat was like eating a sausage in a sushi roll (I liked it). The Milwaukee brat had too much saurkraut but was otherwise delicious.
2	In search of the ultimate hot dog experience, I scowered the interwebs (and Yelp) for the best hot dog in the Valley. I came across The Lunch Box. It had been recommended by a few friends and Yelpers alike. Four and a half stars...I was prepared to be dazzled. First off, the price was $4...it seemed reasonable, until I saw the size of that weiner. Boy, they say size doesn't matter, but in the case of hot dogs, this boy loves 'em big and BOY was i disappointed. I ordered the Chicago style hot dog and my friend ordered the Chili Cheese hot dog. Simply put, I was not impressed. I get more satisfaction out of a polish dog at Sam's Club or Costco.Knowing full well I wouldn't be back, my friend and I decided to give the Ice Cream Waffle a chance. I must say I was a bit weary after the hot dog experience, but the waffles were surprisingly good. I don't know if it was the crispiness, vanilla ice cream in between, or the little chocolate bits, but it worked. I was quite satisfied, but the hot dogs left much to be desired. At least the dartboard in the back of the restaurant was fun. One star for the hot dogs. Four stars for the waffle.  I wouldn't come back for the hot dogs, but I do recommend the dessert.
5	I decided to visit after reading about it in the Las Vegas Review Journal.  I had the Chilean hot dog and the ice cream waffle.  Both were very good.  I'd planned to eat only half of the waffle due to calories, but I failed.  Although my college days are three decades removed, I also enjoyed the subtle, hip music.   There is no doubt that I will return.
4	Dearest Lunch Box, It's no secret I have a little crush on you. How could I not? You had me at hello with the vintage lunch boxes on the wall and the local art giving off that hip, urban vibe. I went with the Chicago dog which completely rocked! It came on a warm, soft poppy seed bun that gave me that nostalgic feeling of being a little girl and eating hot dogs at the baseball field with my dad. Now it wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was enjoyable and I inhaled it. The real star of the show was the homemade mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich. I have been passing around the pictures of this like an ice cream pusher. Here kid want an ice cream crack sandwich? Hell to the yeah!!! All this grubbing to the beat of the Gorillaz. You are a smooth dog Lunch Box and I will definitely fit you in to my cheat day rotation. .
5	yum, yum, yum! Ate here the other day and absolutely loved it! I had the chilean dog, my boyfriend had the chili cheese dog, and then we shared the ice cream waffle sandwich with butter pecan ice cream...all of which were deliciouuuus!! The food is incredibly fresh and full of flavor. Also, the ice cream waffle sandwich is genius and beyond amazing. Can't wait to go again!
4	Decided to come here based on all the Yelp reviews and most of it was right on the money. The decor took me back to grade school with the classic lunchboxes on the wall (I think I actually had about 5 of them...the Real Ghostbusters one almost brought a tear to my eye). The menu is simple...you have a few choices of specialty hot dogs or you can get some plain ones (a great option for the monkeys). They also have combos that you can purchase...I opted for the 2 hot dogs for $6.47 (give or take). I chose the Chicago and the Chilean. The Chilean had to be my favorite because of the spicy mayo and avocado. I liked the Chicago for the tomatoes and pickle spear. If this review was just about the hot dogs...it would only get 3 stars. They get 4 stars because of their waffle ice cream sandwiches. HOLY COW! A plate of sheer delight for LESS THAN $4. We opted for the mint chip and the vanilla. They were gone in less than 5 minutes. Perfectly soft and crunchy at the same time...the ice cream wasn't too overwhelming and it didn't make a huge mess (no small task when letting a 3 and 2 year old go to town). I definitely will be back just for an ice cream sandwich and maybe a hot dog if I am in the mood.
5	This review is LONG overdue but I believe the saying goes something like "better late than never, right?"So, where should I begin?I've read a lot of the reviews here on Yelp about The Lunch Box and they all seem to start with something like "well i'm not really much of a hot dog person but..." and I honestly believe that that statement is in fact very true for a lot of people.I rarely ever eat hot dogs. Come to think of it, before I found The Lunch Box I'd only eat hot dogs once every month. That has changed tremendously since I had my first bite of that delicious Chilean Dog. Now there's not a week that goes by where I don't stop in at The Lunch Box to have a dog.. or two.Now for the important information. The venue is a little obscure in the sense that if you were passing it by it wouldn't really stand out. It's one of those places that you need to be told about in order to find and although it may look a little bit discouraging on the outside, it's what's inside that counts.Once you step in you'll be greeted by one of the coolest food shop owners I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Joe is the best! He remembers me and my friends by name and sometimes he even knows what we want to order as soon as we step up to the register. This is the kind of guy that makes you feel like you're hanging out at a friends house grabbing a bite to eat rather than going to a restaurant and talking to someone who sounds like a pre-recorded message taking your order.Getting down to the nuts and bolts, this place is known for their "Hot Dogs that run amok" and I love every single one of them. You can order your dog by itself or you can get a combo meal which will grab you a bag of chips and a can of pop or you can pick any two hot dogs as a combo. The menu is short and simple with 6 types of hot dogs to choose from, but if you really want to, you can customize your order any way you'd like. There is also the option of getting a Soy Dog, if all beef is not your style.Joe is also someone who likes to try new things so every now and then he'll have something different to offer on his menu. Since I've discovered The Lunch Box, there was a side of potato salad that used to be offered, which btw was amazing, and there has also been a yogurt parfait that's being served which apparently comes in a few flavors of which I've had the blueberry. It's a great alternative to the dessert I usually get.Speaking of the dessert I usually get, the one thing that got me insanely hooked to The Lunch Box was the dessert. Joe offers up a Home-made Belgium Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich that, depending on when you go, can come in the flavors of vanilla, mint chocolate, butter pecan, or pistachio ice cream. No matter what flavor you end up getting, this wafflewich is always a treat. Hot and firm waffles with chocolate chips embedded into it and some powdered sugar sprinkled all around and then you have the ice cream in between. I'm telling you this treat is heaven and no matter what time of the day it is or what day of the week it is, if you offered me a wafflewich from The Lunch Box.. I would NEVER say no.So fellow Yelpers, wherever you are in Las Vegas, be sure to stop in for a bite at The Lunch Box. I'm absolutely positive that Joe will not disappoint.
5	Delish dogs and waffles! The owner, who's always there, is really friendly and a genuinely cool guy. Decor is cool too!BTW for all you vegetarians, they've got soy dogs,
5	We just had the Lunch box catered at my really good friends baby shower... And the dogs are superb!! Next time I'm in vegas ..mos definitely have to hit them up for some more chilean dogs and Tokyo brats....and a waffle Ice cream sandwich!! Thanks for making my belly happy :)
5	Listen. I'm going to be straight with you.I'm an ice cream fan. Like no self-control kinda fan that blathers about nothing but ice cream when I get something good.The waffle ice cream sandwich here is so flippin' delicious. It's probably the lightest waffle I've ever had with just the right touch of cinnamon and chocolate chips. Fresh made... and slathered with ice cream.It's like the first time I've found something in Las Vegas that I would actually tell tourists to come and get. And I've lived here for nearly 5 years. Seriously, I tell people to go to Tartine in San Francisco, Magnolia Bakery in New York, Hoosier Mama's Pies in Chicago.... and now.... The Lunch Box for the waffle ice cream sandwiches in Las Vegas.Done.
5	Ice cream waffle sandwich - Best $3.50 you will ever spend!I'm embarassed to say it took me this long to find this gem.  The first time I had their ice cream waffle sandwiches was at the 89XXXhibition Yelp Event.  They were sampling them out and I had about 8 samples.  I sent my friend Jugs to to get me 7ths and 8ths.The portion of the ice cream waffle sandwich is ridiculously huge and the waffle has the perfect combination of crispness and softness.  It's so addictive.  How is this place only open till 5pm?  Think about all the business they could get.  I didn't even mention their hot dogs which are also spectacular.  I had the Chicago Dog which had the right snap and bite to the dog.  The toppings were delicious.I'm extremely happy I found this place.  The waffle sandwich is probably one of my favorite things to eat here in Vegas.
2	I ordered the Chicago dog the way I usually do like other Chicago dog places.  The Chicago dog here is looks good but is not tasty as Sonic's for $1.99 + tax.
5	Um I'd like to sign myself up for their hot dog eating contest. I don't think I'd win, but it is an excuse to gorge myself without being self conscious. I'm just eating like a beast to win the contest... not because I'm like totally in love with the Tokyo Brat. I wish their hours of operation were more expansive. After eating lunch there for the first time (with a friend), I tried to go back there for dinner (this time with the hubby), alas, closed at 5pm. So sad. It's OK because we just went there for lunch the next day. It is that tasty!
4	When in doubt, a Chicago dog with salt & vinegar kettle chips is a good lunch for me.  The dogs here are good as any, and although I've never had the wafflewich, I see them on tables and go green with envy -- they look delicious and the people seem to be enjoying themselves a bit too much over it.  ;-)
4	On my first visit here upon the recommendation of a friend of their excellent hot dogs, I went and had a very good Chicago style hot dog. Having commonly gone to Chicago for experiments, I have had quite a few Chicago style hot dogs from Chicago, and these are up to par with those that I have had in Chicago.I had not known about their excellent ice cream waffle sandwiches on this first visit. When I went a second time and had this delicious treat, this place really stood out from other locations around the university.I'm a fan of vanilla ice cream and they definitely have the staple ice cream flavors such as this to go with your waffle sandwich. But, for those who like to try interesting combinations of flavors will love how the owner makes a special ice cream of the week to go with this dessert. Overall, a very good place. Enjoy!
5	Very impressed with this place. The only thing I'm disappointed with is it closes early and not opened on the weekends. Great concept!
3	This is a cute place with about five kinds of hotdogs.Its is only open when i am at work so one day when i was off we went. I got the Chicago dog and was disappointed that it had no poppy seed bun! the hot dog was okay. The ice cream waffle sandwich is what to go to this place for they make the waffle right there and put good ice cream in the middle.
4	There's nothing like walking into a quaint eatery that screams modern yet nostalgic.  On top of a simple chalkboard menu, lunchboxes from my childhood and vintage games, the food is fab.  Take a really good dog and bun, wave a magic wand and add toppings you never thought of and BOOM!  You have yourself one heck of a gourmet dog for less than 5 bucks.What i love the most about this place is the unique menu.  Given that most hot dog places have dozens of choices, but they keep it simple at Lunchbox--four or five and you can do them your way.  I suggest you keep it as it is, no matter what you choose.  After all, they have it that way for a reason.We tried the Tokyo Dog and Chicago dog.  I have to admit--I was one of those hot dog lovers that wouldn't dare taint the taste of a good beef dog with frivolous toppings.  However, Lunchbox changed my mind.  The Tokyo dog was delish with ponzu, hard boiled sliced eggs and green onion.  The chicago dog made me love pickles again.  Just the combination of the meat and toppings was satisfying and a great flavor explosion in my mouth.  Food-gasm lovers, try this on for size.  Grab a friend and hit the UNLV strip for some dogs and waffle sammies.  They have great two dog deals.  They also except credit/debit cards thanks to Square (I love that app!).  If you have to try one thing, don't.  Try it all.  It's worth every penny.
4	Special hot dogs: I can't believe the numerous people I see here that only order one hot dog. Go for the 2 deal! Even if you may not like ordinary hot dogs, you will be surprised how fast you gobble down that one hot dog. There's toppings from spicy mayo, sauerkraut, boiled egg, chilli, pickles, caramelized onions, pulled pork, to other veggies & unexpected add-ons. Vegetarian? Also no problem! There's te choice of a soy dog.Wafflewiches: I also don't understand how some people only get a hot dog & not a wafflewich. These are nothing anyone has ever had. After your first one, you'll crave them from then on until you come back to visit. Vanilla ice cream in between Belgian waffles is on my top 5 favorite desserts. If you're lucky, they have other ice cream flavors you can get. iSupport small businesses. :)
5	I must have passed this place at least a dozen times before I found out they had vegetarian hot dogs. Before I had no interest in trying a meat hot dog, but I love soy dogs.I had the Americana and the Chilean hot dogs. I'm a sucker for blue cheese (I would be a terrible vegan if I tried to be), so the Americana was a no brainer. The Chilean intrigued me with its avocado. There was a very reasonable deal, two hot dogs for $6.99The Chilean was really good, but the Americana has now occupied my heart as the best hotdog I've ever had. The fried onions added just the right amount to crunch to the juicy and cheesy dog.My husband and I split a waffle ice cream sandwich. My brother and I had sampled this delicacy at the opening of Seduction of the Innocent, and we had raved about it. Husband was intrigued by this combination of dessert and breakfast, so he had to try it. He loved it.I really like the ambiance too, awesome art and laid back seating (including a couch).
4	Yippie! I, as a hot dog lover, but non beef and pork eater (yes I'm simultaneously both obnoxious and deprived,) am on the constant lookout for delicious alternate meat hot dog options; seafood, turkey, chicken whatever! So when I discovered a new hot dog place my little heart skipped a beat. I waltzed in expecting (ok hoping, but still) a variety of tasty options. But alas my only non beef option was a soy dog...sigh. Don't get me wrong I'll eat a soy hot dog, but the problem is they usually taste like weird cardboard sticks, aka not that nummy. Anyhoo, I waited patiently for my Chilean soy dog and when it arrived I was (much to my suprise) ecstatic! The soy dog was a perfect vehicle for all of the toppings and had a really pleasant texture. I got jealous of someone else's waffle sandwich and tried that too, which was similar to heaven or Jesus but not in a way that would be offensive to people who would be offended to me likening an ice cream sandwich to holy stuff. So will I eat here everyday, hmm probably not...every other day? Yooou betcha!
5	5 stars for the extremely awesome wafflewich!!! hands down best wafflewich i've had. made fresh, warm, ice cream doesn't come oozing out when you bite into that delectable piece of heaven. Its soo perfect in every way and form! i cant wait to try the mint chocolate chip! Owner was pretty cool too =]
5	I was craving a hot dog..... Well off my diet.... But I wanted a hot dog that was worth cheating on my diet.... These hot dogs are not only WORTH cheatin on your diet with,  they won't break your piggy bank either!!!! Had the classic hot mustard and sauerkraut...it hit the spot!!! Music was nice, place was clean and service was fast, helpful with a smile:)  I am from out of town but it was worth driving from the strip for these dogs!!:)
5	This review is purely about the wafflewich. Even with a couple of my friends were hyping it up the entire time we were waiting in line, it definitely didn't disappoint! My best assumption is that the waffle is made with part flour, part yeast, part love, part awesome deliciousness (aka butter), sprinkle in some chocolate chips...and voila! Cooked to perfection. Crispy throughout but light enough to be able to chew through two pieces of waffle and get straight to the Ice Cream without it squishing out the sides (which is constantly my problem with Diddy Riese). Definitely an upgrade on the concept of ice cream sandwiches.
5	I love the ice cream waffle sandwich. My friend had one with mint chocolate chip ice cream once and XD it sounds so yummy!!! I'm still waiting to try some. And I love the hot dogs. I'm usually not a big fan of hot dogs (considering I had my first hot dog about 2 years ago) but it is delicious and should definitely go there with friends.
4	I've been here quite a few times, and let me give you the tl;dr about the place.The traditional hotdog, with a bunch of different stuff on top of it. I'm a hotdog lover and I've tried every single regular dog on the menu -- and I like it most of the time. Except that it's just that odd time when something comes out a bit strange or not quite right that makes me dock one star.
3	It was good, not great, the wafflewich was very good. The hours make it hard to get to this location. If your in the area try it, but I wouldn't go out of the way to try it.
5	Oh my heaven this place is UHHHH-Mazing!!!  The first time i had the lunch box was during an taking back the night event at UNLV.  I called my father two seconds after my last bit and told him about the most amazing hot dog i've ever had!!  He didn't believe me so i dragged him to their location so he could check it out.  Needless to say he was sold!!  When you look at the combinations it seems a little odd, almost toooo odd.  But let me tell you something someone these people got a list straight from god telling them of all the combinations of food that would make them pure heaven!
5	While out in Vegas with the cousins, I'd get pictures texted to me at least once a day showing a hot dog with a bunch of toppings on it.  During the four days we were there, I got four texts...one for each day, no kidding.  After getting the fourth text on the fourth day, I decided to meet them there as I was around the block.After trying out the Tokyo Brat and the Americana, man, I regretted that I missed out on the other three days!  The Tokyo Brat, man, words can't explain how grossed out I was about eating a hot dog with an egg on it yet, it was just a flavor explosion in my mouth.  Cousins were saying it tasted like eating Sushi, which I can taste.  But I thought it tasted like the Filipino noodle dish, Pancit Malabon or Palabok.My fave however was the Americana, now that's my kind of dog...that's a good doggy, oh yes you are! :)   I loved the crispy onions and the blue cheese on it.  I so could've finished two but, we had dessert on the way!Speaking of which, we ordered their Chocolate Chip Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich.  I'm not a huge fan of chocolate chips, unless it's in a cookie, but I do love me some waffles!  The waffles were cooked fresh and each bite I took became an oral addiction.  It was so delicious that I ended up eating two slices.Average menu prices for all their dogs including the ice cream sandwich is about $3.99 and a soda will run about $1.25 or so.  Overall, The Lunch Box is definitely worth checking out for a good, cheap lunch that you'll wanna totally want to Yelp about!
5	One of my favorite spots for lunch while I'm on campus at UNLV.  Great dogs, nice chill spot, and the specials are always great
5	Nothing describes this place better than street food not on the street. They have some of the most creative hot dog combinations here. I highly recommend the Chilean Dog and the All American Dog. Chilean = Mustard, tomatoes, spicy mayo, avocado, and sauerkraut. All American = Tomato, pickle spear, blue cheese crumbles, fried onion, and steak sauce. Delicious :P I still need to try the waffle sandwich though. I overheard the owner say that they weren't doing so well so that's why they're oped Saturdays now. So let's all go help the guy out so he can continue feeding us his awesome hot dogs!
5	Delicious...best $4 dog by UNLV & the valley...don't skip the wafflewich.Very fun place to chill with darts, a ton of board games and great muzak.  Plus al fresco dining in the spring is awesome.
5	I stopped by for my first visit to The Lunch Box during lunch yesterday and was very happy with my experience!  I tried the Curry Wurst which is a pork brat with a curried onion relish, and ketchup topping.  The pork brat was perfect with the topping being equally as delicious!!  Nice and sweet with the curry flavors hanging out in the background.Very friendly and quick service.I can't wait until i can sneak out of my little cave of an office to drive down the road and visit The Lunch Box again!
5	Comedian Daniel Tosh once commented that people say money can't buy happiness...do you live in America?  Cause it buys you a waverunner...have you ever seen someone frowning on a waverunner? Seriously have you? Seriously...have you? Seriously.............have you?  I would say the same in regards to trying not to smile upon biting into the Belgian waffle ice cream sandwich at The Lunch BoxCan't comment on their international themed hot dogs just yet, since I was tweaking-out like a cocaine addict coming down from a bad high for this delectable treat.  Probably the only thing you will need to *waffle* over is in regards to which ice cream you want in your sandwich and whether you can handle the full (3.99) or the half order (2.50).  Being my first time, I went with mint chocolate chip and got the half order sandwich, which I promptly inhaled within a few minutes.  Your tongue will be delightfully confused by the interplay of hot and cold, crispy and creamy, crunchy and smooth.  It's safe to say the entire Bluth family (Arrested Development) would have a love affair with this ice cream sandwich....taste the happy for less than 5 bucks!
4	Yum! The hotdogs here are unique and pretty darn good! Their selection isn't big at all but what they have to offer sure is delicious! The waffle ice cream sandwiches are as good as everyone has said! Just waiting for the day the owner will bring in the mint chocolate chip ice cream!
5	Disclaimer: This rating is solely for the waffle ice cream sandwich.I ordered the full order and shared with my other half. $3.99 gets you four wedges of delectable bliss.Excellent waffle batter, similar if not equal to the waffle batter that made the waffles at Bread and Butter, except this waffle had some chocolate chips in there. The ice cream was at a perfect temperature and texture. It wasn't too cold to bite into. The waffle is made to order. Great snack! Can't wait to return to try some of their famous dogs.
5	I have been here many times. Mainly while I'm working, a couple times while I'm not. I like coming here to get a good hotdog. The owner, Joe really knows how to make good dogs. Right now my favorite is the Americana Dog. It has crispy onions, steak sauce, and some other stuff i can't remember. The buns are always warm and dogs always crispy.     In what i believe is one of the best desserts in las vegas he makes a wafflewich. It's an ice scream sandwich, but with waffles. Its delicious, you should try one.     Joe is great to talk to. Hes very friendly to talk to and we always end up talking about business and stuff. I hope he takes this place to new heights, its easily the best hot dog joint in vegas.
3	I came to The Lunch Box expecting a great hot dog and an even better waffle ice cream sandwich, known affectionately as the Wafflewich.  I got just what I expected, however the meal left a little to be desired.  The hot dog was good, not great.  The toppings were good, but the dog itself doesn't really differentiate itself from any other hot dogs that you've ever had, yes, even at home.The Lunch Box is located right across from UNLV, so if you end up going around lunch time, you can expect a throng of students there awaiting these dastardly dogs.  I can't help but believe that the wait itself was more for the Wafflewich than the hot dogs themselves.  The Wafflewich was nothing short of amazing.  Essentially, it is two perfectly pressed waffles (full order is cut into four pieces) with your choice of vanilla or "flavor of the day/week" ice cream.  Last week, the specialty flavor was pecan, but I have seen mint chocolate chip on other occasions.  The waffles themselves had chocolate chips in them and the ice cream wedged between was at a perfect temperature, not cold enough where the ice cream compromised the consistency of the waffle and not too warm where the ice cream would just melt prematurely.  As far as the hot dog is concerned, eh...Not as delicious as most are letting on, but certainly not as terrible as the haters are saying it is, it situates itself nicely right in between the two.  I had the Americana dog on my last visit.  The Americana dog includes crispy onion straws, mayonnaise, steak sauce and bleu cheese.  Again, the dog itself wasn't great, however, the toppings more than made up for it.  I found the blend of toppings to complement the hot dog fairly well.  I still prefer Buldogis and Great Links for my hot dog fix in Vegas.  If you're on the Paradise side of town and stroll into The Lunch Box, come for the dog, STAY for the Wafflewich.
4	Cute shop, good location near UNLV, simple menu, locally-owned, delicious hot dogs.Bonus point because the topping selections are cool: Chicago (my go-to)ChiliAmericana (steak sauce, blue cheese, some other stuff...anyway, it's red, white, and blue)Tokyo. I've been twice and Tokyo was already sold out both times, so I guess you gotta get there early for that one.The wafflewich looks delicious and they are always rotating the flavor. Unfortunately, I was off sweets when I went, so I wasn't able to order one, but I'll definitely check it out next time.
5	This review is for the waffle ice cream sandwich only! It was a very hot day and ice cream sounded like the only option to fight the heat, so I suggested to my friends that we try The Lunch Box. I had heard a lot about their waffle ice cream sandwiches, and had been dying to try one for some time now. Upon walking into The Lunch Box I was surprised at how small it was. For some reason, I had pictured it being a lot bigger inside. However, The Lunch Box definitely proved that size really doesn't matter.Vanilla and Chocolate Malted Crunch were the two options of ice cream that he had available for the  filling. Vanilla won for all of our orders. After waiting for a few minutes, the waffles were finally ready. Upon biting into the waffle I could immediately taste the sweetness and perfect texture of the waffle. One thing I personally loved about it was the huge chocolate chips in the wafflewich. Although I only ordered half a wafflewich, it still filled me up and left me satisfied.Since summer is on the way, I definitely recommend that you stop by and try it out for yourself!
4	It's a great local spot. The quality of food is good and they also offer soy dogs for vegan people. The wafflewich is awesome. It isn't too sweet. The waffle compliment the sweetness of the ice cream.
4	Stopped by for an early lunch. I must have missed the rush. No wait. Chili Cheese Dog came up super quick. Not a bad hot dog. I may have gotten there a bit early. My dog and chili were more on the luke-warm side. Side of fresh cherries were a nice touch.I wish I brought friends with me. I really wanted to try to the Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich. Next time.
3	i have to say i like great links better than the lunch box. their dogs aren't bad, but they are pretty much the run of the mill hot dogs. good place to go if you are short on time and in that area looking for a cheap eat.
5	I can't believe it took me forever to try this place out ... mostly due to their limited hours of operation. During the summer of 2012, the owner finally decided to open on the weekends which finally gave me the opportunity to get some sausages in my mouth! I ordered Son Of A Gun dog and a Chilean dog. The Son Of A Gun was pretty good. I'm not a big fan of bleu cheese but it wasn't too strong which I liked. Since I love avocado, I had to order the Chilean. I scarfed the Chilean without even taking a breath. The dogs have a nice snap when you bite into them which is mark of good quality wieners! While you're here don't forget to order their famed ice cream wafflewich. The waffles are so fluffy and they are made to order. I can't wait to come back and try some more of their dogs.
4	2012 WSOP Day 30I arrive at the Rio; crumbs everywhere, drops of melted ice cream on what was my last clean t-shirt and jeans, a napkin stuck to my hand, and a huge smile on my face.It's all thanks to a fresh, lightly sweetened, crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside,  chocolate chip waffle sandwiching ice cream.  So simple.  So seriously good.    To all the ice cream snobs, this is not gourmet ice cream or frozen custard.  There are no organic fruit toppings, jams, or sauces.  Don't mess with perfection.The lunchbox also serves authentic Chi town dogs and an excellent Milwaukee style brat.  Other types of meat in a tube and out there topping combinations complete the menu.Check their FB or Twitter feed for unexpected closures.Just one of those little unexpected pleasures.
5	Love this place. I go as often as I can. Both the hot dogs and the wafflewich are GREAT
5	What better way to wash down the food from Yayo Taco than with a waffle ice cream sandwich from The Lunch Box? It's as good as everyone says it is. The made to order waffle is light, delicate and crunchy. A perfect contrast to the deliciously smooth and creamy chocolate malt crunch ice cream. It's absolutely brilliant in its simplicity and execution and is worth the drive to get it no matter where you live in the valley.
4	I am a hypocrite...in that I have avoided hot dogs for 15ish years.  My parents loved making them when I was a kid but this one newspaper article about them ruined me, and I never ate one again.  The hypocritical part is that I have identified certain chicken sausages with no casing at Trader Joe's that I will buy once in a blue moon (some have pork casing so I have to check each flavor, but I like the jalepeno and the sundried tomato/basil).Nevertheless, though I had an outstandingly delicious waffle ice cream sandwich from The Lunch Box at the 89XXXhibition event back in the day, I was terrified to enter a place that served hot dogs (could I handle the smell?  Would someone frown upon me?  Would there be anything I could eat since I don't think they do Korean tacos regularly?) - but today was one of those days where I determined I am exceedingly bored with food options around UNLV, probably ever since East Boy closed 3ish years ago, and there is no Capriotti's within walking distance anymore.  There is only so much Tortilla Soup at Cafe Rio, Thai salad at N&N, and burrito bowl at Chipotle I can eat, and PTH is too far to walk from my building to get my coveted tofu banh mi.I realize how whiny this is, and the sheer fact is that I have not cooked a lot lately.  I normally do and bring leftovers for lunch, but this is a holiday season for me and there is a lot going on as I finish this semester.  The great news I started the morning by finishing my dissertation, and in celebration of other uber geniuses on yelp, I noted Jen F.'s review which mentioned soy dogs.Reminder: I do not eat any hot dogs in any form.  However, when I saw the Tokyo style on the menu, I reconsidered.  As everyone rolls their eyes, you all know I love Asian flavors.  I had to try this thing once and for all.  The reviews from my yelp-pals were good, and how can someone mess with good Japanese flavors?Soy dog, wasabi mayo, pickled cucumber, boiled egg (just right!), and green onions, drizzled with sesame oil.  The sesame oil elevated it and made it smell Asian rather than hot-doggy.  The flavors were soft, crunchy, pickly, spicy, and all around yummy.  I noticed previous reviews mentioned ponzu and daikon.  I am sorry I missed that version, because I drink ponzu sauce for a living and keep it in my fridge at work, but the sesame oil was a decent substitute for this unique menu creation.  I can't say I would hop back regularly for soy dogs in the diet, but the wafflewich on the menu has mint chocolate chip and I may have to get back soon for that!  Soy dog Tokyo style was $4 plus tax, what a deal!
4	Decent food for cheap.  Huge dogs.  Vegan and veggie friendly.
2	Personally, I would not pay that much for a hot dog that is not even hot when you get it. My friend bought me lunch there once and though their waffle ice cream was good, as well as their peanut butter one, I won't go back there.
4	Simple, fast, and good food. The wafflewich was excellent.
4	Don't worry Anthony Bourdain, the art of meat in tube form is alive and well in this little hole in the wall in a strip mall off Maryland Pkwy.  I cam here for lunch with a friend, who raved about the chef owner who's an ex-line cook from Bouchon, and man, does that man make a great dog/brat/waffle.  The hot dogs are tasty, and there are some really interesting combinations, I mean, who thought of putting avocado on a hot dog, but I'm telling you, it was really tasty!  Also, the waffles.  It's like "BOOM goes the dynamite" of flavor in your mouth.  They're crispy and delicious, especially when you have them make them into an ice cream sandwich.  They're also now making regular sandwiches with them, so you can have your savory for lunch too!
5	Waffle sandwiches...Yes YEs Y E S
4	They have a vegetarian option!  Totaly unexpected, but it way actually kind of yummy!  I would say get a couple of dogs as I was not full off of one, but it was quite worth it.
5	Really sad to hear this place has closed it was my favorite place to eat when I was in Vegas. Actually one of the few reasons I even stopped in Vegas.Great hot dogs the Chilean was my favorite and the waffle ice cream sandwiches were insanely good.
