1	VEGETARIANS BEWARE....DO NOT GO HERE!!  I am only speaking from the experience of one dish, but that is enough.  The "vegetable" selection on the menu at this steamtable type (It looked like it was set up for steamtable service  but all of the steam trays were empty when I went in today) restaurant is very small, but Ma Po Tofu is generally a safe bet.  I ordered it to go, took it home and began digging into it without really examining it.  I noticed some lumpy stuff, but just thought it to be clumps of rice and kept eating.  The sauce was flavorful, I was starving...and then my girlfriend asked if I was eating meat.  I realized then that the lumpy stuff was not clumps of rice or some other non-meat thing but rather some kind of unidentifiable meat.  I have never seen a non-vegetarian Ma Po Tofu before -- a dish that generally screams "vegetarian."  Needless to say, I stopped eating immediately.  Unfortunately, I had consumed a good amount of food before realizing that it had meat in it.  Now it's time to settle back and hope that sickness doesn't come.I did have a spoonful of their "vegetable" fried rice.  That was not very flavorful at all.***NOTE:  Noodles Ranch (Vietnamese) is right next door to this place.  It is very vegetarian friendly and has excellent food and ambiance.  Unfortunately they were closed this afternoon, so I could not go there.
4	Recently opened, Yummy Yummy has a classic Chinese-American menu with a Szechuan bent. (Will visit next week and flesh out this review. However, after our first visit, bottom line: fresh, fast and excellent quality.)The wife and I were at Churchill's and stopped on a whim last Sunday for takeout. Both of us were pleased with YY's food quality: chicken was fresh, as were the vegetables. I had chicken and noodles, the wife mushroom chicken. Our food blew most of the locals away (Tottie's, China Wok for example, who take too many shortcuts which downgrade quality) yet are small on both seating space and ambiance.Egg rolls were reasonably priced (although I had a hard time finding the shrimp in my 'shrimp egg roll').It's unfortunate that a veggie reviewer would give YY one star...but to each his own. If you're in the mood for a NYC kind of Chinese takeout, it's worth a visit.
3	Yummy Yummy Asian Food is now sitting in my tummy tummy.  I thought for sure I'd get the FTR on this one, but Adam and Norman beat me to the punch... I'm always excited to see new restaurants open up in my hood, especially ethnic restaurants.  So after dinner at Noodles Ranch last week, I picked up a menu from this place.And when my hunger struck this evening, I decided to call in and place an order for take out.  Good thing I decided to take out instead of eat in, because this restaurant has no ambiance at all.  It was empty on a Saturday night and reminded me of the fast food Chinese places you see at food courts in malls.  The people working there were not very welcoming either... and when I suggested they add an eggplant dish to the menu, they basically just said 'no' without even entertaining the idea.When I came home with my bag, I noticed that they didn't include chopsticks, utensils, napkins, soy sauce or fortune cookies.  What Chinese restaurant have you ever been to that didn't have fortune cookies?  Anyways, I ordered the Mu Shu Vegetable and the Mixed Vegetable with Shrimp in the "Health Food Section" of the menu.  I probably would not describe either dish as "yummy yummy," but they were satisfactory. The portions were large and the vegetables were fresh, but the garlic sauce that came with the shrimp dish was pretty nasty.  I would possibly give this place another chance in the future for take-out in a pinch, but I'd highly recommend hitting up Noodles Ranch, Tottie's, or Lao Thai if you're wanting yummy yummy Asian food instead.
4	Disclaimer: I am a vegetarian. Five stars for their tofu dishes I have been looking for Yummy Yummy for about 8 years since my favorite Asian place in Flagstaff closed. Vegi Food: I have had two dishes here so far and both were excellent. I ordered the Mongolian Beef (no beef sub tofu) and Sesame chicken (no chicki sub tofu). What makes this place stand out above 99% percent of Asian restaurants is that they lightly bread their tofu and fry it. The bread coating is an absolute must have to enhance the tofu. I can stomach plain cold tofu right out of the container but if you give it to me breaded and fried, then I am ecstatic. One note, if you get a tofu dish, I recommend dining in because the breading usually gets moist and soft if not eaten immediately. The vegetables are also very fresh here and not overcooked, I would almost describe my broccoli in the sesame tofu as raw or lightly steamed.Ambiance: Nice or Normal, not much to expect from a strip mall restaurant. My brother and cousin both had meat dishes, General Tso's chicken and Happy Family. They both enjoyed their meat dishes. I highly recommend the vegetarian dining here and its the best quick Asian I have found in the Scottsdale & Thomas area.
4	The ambiance might be sad and the customer service poor, but I really think Yummy Yummy is yummy! I like how they make my General Tsos chicken crispy. Their cold sesame noodles are fantastic. The option of half orders is also great. Its the Chinese food I remember growing up with in Manhattan, NYC.
3	This place is okay.  I REALLY want to find a good Chinese food place in the Old Town/South Scottsdale area, and I am still not in luck.  True, there is no atmosphere, but I don't really care.  Also true that the service is less than friendly.  Whatever-- I have lower expectations for a place from which I really only intend to mostly order takeout.Quick rundown:  Crab rangoon is okay.  A little thin, but the quality of the fried dough part is pretty good.Duplings (like potstickers) are okay.  The dough is good, but the meat inside isn't awesome... it was fine, though.Chicken fried rice was okay.The best thing was the orange chicken.  It was a little too breaded and a little too stringy for my taste (I am totally spoiled by Pei Wei), but the flavor was pretty good, and it had enough of a spicy kick for me.  All of the above, plus 2 soft drinks was $28.  Not bad.  So I would probably go back, but only if I just need to eat something quickly.
4	Loooove the pork fried egg rolls!Best chinese food I've tasted here in phx... They deliver fast and the food is delicious... Defenetly recomend eating here...and since I'm from NY the food here makes me feel like back home...
4	Wanted Chinese food and didn't want to drive too far.  Remembered the menu we received in the mail and gave Yummy Yummy a try.  Almost didn't after some of the YELP reviews, but glad we ignored most of you.  Having lived in SE Asia, I tend to be quite picky and I found the sampling of food we had to be tasty, well cooked and very generous in the serving size.  We over ordered and now have plenty of food to enjoy tomorrow. We chose to dine in and we were not unhappy.  I found the owners to be accomodating and friendly, but then I was friendly as well and asking questions that they were only too happy to answer.  We will definitely go back and are thrilled to have good Chinese food so close to home.
1	I am so desparate to find a good take-out chinese food place and this one just added to the list that failed me.  I ordered simple- things that aren't easy to screw up because I didn't want to be disapointed.  Chicken fried rice with extra egg & crab rangoons.  I made it very clear to the girl I wanted extra egg in my chicken fried rice several times, even paid extra for it.  When I got home I got rice and onions.  Not even the good onions (scallions) but massive chunks of white onion.  No chicken, hardly any egg, and no vegetables besides ONIONS.  Wtf?!!! How can you mess that up so bad?  I got crab rangoons with no sweet and sour sauce.  Like normal take-out places there were no utensils, no soy sauce, no nothing!  I hate to just rate a place simply on chicken fried rice but seriously.... get it together yummy yummy!
1	Sorry yummy yummy, I'm hoping what I ate stays in my tummy.  We had food delivered (which was free of charge--nice!) and it arrived close to when promised.  It was almost cold, which seemed a little odd for a quick delivery from 3 miles away.Other than being cold the food looked really good, but the Little Lady immediately noticed the cashews she had paid an extra $2 for were not included in her meal.  Boo.  Then I had my first bite of General Tso's chicken...and it tasted like battered packing peanuts!  Holy great wall it was bad, worst Generals chicken I ever had.  No flavor whatsoever.I was starving so I doused it in hot sauce and soy sauce (don't even try the duck sauce--not sure of it's composition but not good) and scarfed some down and tossed the rest.  And now I sit here waiting, wishing, and hoping my iron stomach comes through and I avoid any double dragon action over the next 12 hours.  Wish me luck.
1	Ick and Boo!  My two thoughts after bite one of my take-out dinner.  After eating a lot of average Chinese food in Scottsdale, we were excited to try this new place.  When I called to place my order, I was a little shocked to find out that all but one of the entrees listed in the "Vegetable" dinner section contained some kind of meat or fish product.   So I ordered the only option I had tofu and mixed vegetables in a brown soy sauce, and requested they add cashew nuts.  He informed me that it would be $2, and I said that was fine.  When our food arrived, my dish had no cashew nuts... "Boo", it also had no flavor whatsoever "Ick".  In fact, after taking a few bites, I began to be concerned about the quality of the food, as it was loaded with veggies and sauce, and really had no flavor at all...something was wrong here.   I ate about 5 bites total and threw it away, I didn't want to risk getting sick over it. Hottie did the same and we ate a few pieces of cheese for dinner instead.  Needless to say we won't be back.
2	Just had a disappointing experience hoping that the good reviews were enough to overshadow the bad ones.  We ordered the mu-shu pork which is one of my personal faves, fried dumplings, fried pork rolls, thai panang curry with beef and the chicken and broccoli with some won ton soup.  Here's the low-down:Mu-Shu Pork: Very disappointed.  The flavor was slightly fake in nature and had a strange/not good aftertaste.  It was also missing the sweet sauce it usually comes with that makes it delectable.Fried Dumplings: Were very tasty, but the dough was VERY thick.  I felt my arteries closing while eating them.Fried Pork Roll: Also very tasty, but VERY greasy.  You can tell you're eating something fried.Thai Panang Curry with beef: Very tasty, BF gobbled it up without much communication.  It wasn't exactly the flavor he was looking for, wanting more of the curry flavor, but it was good enough for him to finish it in record time.Chicken and broccoli: The chicken tastes fake with that chewy consistency that most chinese places boast in their "chicken" dishes making me wonder whether I'm eating chicken...or some other white meat...the broccoli was fresh and crisp even if it was doused in too much sauce.Won Ton Soup: Had plenty in my time and this was just wrong. It tasted as if they made it with butter, which turned me off instantly.Otherwise a pretty uninspiring meal.  Ended up throwing most of it away.  2 stars for the 2 dishes that were ok.
3	I have passed by this place for so long...I always go to Lolos, Noodle Ranch or Jamba Juice...but I knew I had to try it...I always pass by with their signs all over the windows...It was either going to be a good hole in the wall or something just terrible...I ordered the General Tsos chicken combo...to go...the restaurant is not very impressive...they have a few booths and a soda machine...you order your food and they will call you up to get it....they are very quick and fast...The food was pipping hot and it was prety good...it was good greasy chicken with fried rice!  The price is awesome for the combos and you get alot of food...I didnt think that I got that much food but I did!  It was good...ill be back for those nights that I want to stay in and watch movies have wine with my greasy chinese!  YUM!!
2	Was surprised this was not horrible.  It's right next to the Blockbuster and Jamba Juice I'm at fairly regularly and in a mad dash for dinner one night got take out there.  Is it authentic?  Not really, its got a mashup of Chinese-American items where most of the proteins are covered in batter and fried.  It has some Thai dishes.  The owner is Chinese from Hong Kong.  I'm hoping that if I go back a few times and order in Chinese, the dishes might come out a little less MSG filled.  An order of ten crab rangoons, and two dinner combos came out to $20 bucks.  Not bad for a last minute desparation dinner.  I'd really like more vegetables with my entrees, but the to go container was packed full of food.  The fried rice is standard soy-sauce colored rice with bits of egg.  The sauces were not too sweet (although shockingly red with food coloring).  Let me know if anyone has any luck finding an okay Chinese restaurant in S. Scottsdale.  I'm getting sick of Totties and am not a fan of the Tottie's service/price.
2	This place is descent. There aren't many Chinese food places in the area and does it job when Chinese is on the mind. Although the ambience is far from delightful it makes a nice in and out place for take out on the way home and the service ,although lacking in the friendliness category, is quite fast. The first time I ordered here it did not make a memorable impression but while craving Chinese I gave it another shot, that and it's just so darn convenient. I have found something I like and stick to that, chicken and broccoli and crab Rangoon..  I've had better crab puffs butt I've also had worse, they are a little sweet but the ratio is perfect. The chicken and broccoli is a little to saucy but no bad enough to make me never come back and the broccoli is always cooked perfectly. Egg rolls are sub par. I don't even bother with them anymore. Bottom lineDecent take out, not bad enough to never go back but I will be far from loyal if another new decently priced place in the area opens up.
1	I have long been in search for a chinese delivery place that can do a good mu-shu. I typically order from New China Gate, great food but mu-shu is not an option. When I got a menu for this place in my mail box I thought "let's give it go." Bad idea. The mu-shu was bland and had a bad texture. We also ordered the crab rangoon, they were awful, very thin and the little bit of filling they did have was overcooked and rubbery. The sweet and sour sauce even had a weird flavor. I'll stick with New Chine gate, but if your are reading this please make a mu-shu,
3	Pleasantly surprised (3.5)!  I was worried when I saw the so-so reviews, but I decided to give it a shot since I was close by.  They have plenty of veggie/tofu dishes.  The sesame tofu came out good and FINALLY a Chinese place that automatically adds broccoli to the dish!  They also can substitute brown rice instead of white for free.  Btw, the staff is actually really nice.  Looking forward to returning to check out the lunch specials.
2	Only booths, no regular tables, more like a take out place.  Might try takeout sometime, but with so many local restaurants needing to stay open, I prefer ones that know how to do it all really well.
3	Ok, I am reviewing this so I will go with 3 stars.  If my boyfriend were reviewing he would give it no more than 1 star.  Especially after getting sick because of it.Here is the difference...Both times we have eaten here I have had the tofu dishes.  1st time was sesame tofu with brown rice and the 2nd time was Mongolian tofu with brown rice.  Both times, I thoroughly enjoyed the tofu.  The meals are greasy delicious chinese fast food and I can have leftovers the next day.My bf ordered chicken dishes.  The 1st time he ordered the orange chicken.  I tried it and it was ok, but 1 bite was enough for me and I ended up sharing some of my tofu dish with him.  The 2nd time he ordered yellow curry chicken.  It was bland in every aspect,  The color of the curry sauce was dull, the spice and flavor of the curry was light, and the consistency of the curry sauce was watery.  The chicken had a weird taste and texture and he ended up only eating a few bites and I had to give up a big portion of my tofu.  Later that night he started complaining about not feeling well, and ended up getting sick.  He normally has a strong stomach.So, Yummy Yummy, I will be fair and give you 3 stars strictly for your tofu dishes.  I enjoy my friday nights when my bf and I get take out and watch a movie, but it looks like I will be doing it alone if I want to order from your restaurant again.
1	This place is insane. I know it's Chinese and all, but the woman answering the phone doesn't know a lick of English. We spent 5 min on the phone just trying to give an address. And that's 5 minutes of my life I will never get back. Then out of sheer frustration (and hunger), I hung up on the incompetent operator. She then proceeded to call back no less than 5 times. If you are hungry, don't call them. But if you want a good laugh, I highly recommend.
3	Poor Yummy Yummy...why do they get such bad reviews?Firstly, I don't eat meat very often (sorta Vegetarian) so maybe people have had some poor dishes based on that. Secondly, I haven't stepped foot into the restaurant once (in my experience strip mall Chinese places aren't always the nicest looking on the inside)...Those two things aside, I get take out from them often. The quality is good, they're super prompt, and the food is always hot.So for what it is, it's convenient and decent. I like that they'll sub anything --- If you want make it a Tofu dish, or Shrimp.I usually get the Tom Yam Soup with Shrimp - Very goodOrange Shrimp (I just ask them to make it) - GoodShrimp with Broccoli - Good.I don't know about anything else...because it might be risky!FYI - When ordering some of you complain about an accent on the phone. Use your brain, if you say "Number 12 please..." and she replies in a thick accent  "wahtah ehg drahp" She's probably relaying your order "wonton egg drop". Use your head. It's not complicated...and you're just being tactless.
1	It tasted horrible. I would never eat there again. Their so called fried rice, wasn't really fried at all.
1	I was sorely disappointed. Looking at the photos of the food, I was led to believe that the food would be, at the very least, presentable. I ordered the General Tso's Chicken, and it looked like canned chicken mixed with a bottled sauce thrown on a styrofoam plate. The lunch order did not come with a drink, and the service was poor. It was a decision between here and LoLo's down the path. Wrong decision indeed. I don't see myself coming back here anytime soon.
3	Good basic Chinese takeout. We ended up here instead of the Pho place next door as it was closed, and it was pretty good. The place was clean, food hot and tasty, and the staff friendly. Next time we want Chinese food, we'll try them for delivery. As for the guy who whined about the person on the phone who spoke no english, give her a break, I'm sure it was the girl who served us, she was really nice, and her english was just fine.If the wait at LoLo's down the way is too long, this place is a nice option.
3	I like this place. I placed an order to go. Service was quick and friendly and the place seemed pretty clean. The Hot and Sour soup was not very hot or sour (fixed with chili oil and white vinegar at home). The ingredients were quality though, you could tell the mushrooms were fresh and not from a can. The pork dumplings were clearly from scratch, and they were good. I ordered the spicy beef. It wasn't very spicy but the ingredients were quality again, seemed fresh and the veggies hand cut. Next time I'll ask for extra spicy and see how it goes.
3	Basic chinese food, you're getting exactly what you pay for duh. Close to my home, quick run, lots of food for the price!
2	I have not visited this actual location, I've only used them for delivery via the grubhub app. Their delivery food is mediocre at best - they brought me no chopsticks, the house fried rice has so many ingredients you can't taste any of them. The wontons were cold and bland tasting. I'm guessing their food is much better eaten in-house. They did however provide me with four fortune cookies, which now have me wondering what my future really holds.I think this is located next to Noodle Ranch which gets glowing reviews for ultra fresh asian food.
2	The veggies were fresh. The deep fried shrimp were akin to eating cake-covered shrimp, and were not good. The sauce was sticky and too sweet. Ick...
3	I went for dinner and had Kung pao chicken takeout. The girl working the counter was very friendy. I loved her! The food was good overall and spicy enough for me (which is rare). The portion size was generous. The only issue I had (and its a big one) is that the quality of chicken was poor at best. The pieces were small, not very tasty and a few of them were gristly which tends to be an appetite suppressant. Not the best Chinese in the Area.
4	Always have our food delivered abut once a week.Service is fast and well packaged.Food is always good, hot, and fresh.I am a real fan.
4	We have had a really hard time finding any good delivery Asian food since we moved here. For delivery, Yummy Yummy has good food for a great price. The chicken and veggies are always fresh and we have been thrilled the 3 times that we have ordered from them.
4	Very simple standard for basic Chinese. If the Veggie Rice does not contain frozen peas and carrots, then we are in business. This place came through, so its off to a good start. Onions, broccoli and chopped mushrooms were found in this pint of rice at about 5 bucks. Might not try anything else, but go for the rice if you get a chance. Don't think this is true NY Chinese though because I did not see Cold Sesame Noodles in play and that is a key appetizer in all NY joints. Lunch specials at $5.99 might be worthy at some point.
1	Zero stars.. Just bad.
1	Big mistake ordering something with meat in this dive. The veggie fried rice is still good, but this is possibly the worst version of white meat chicken in the history of white meat chicken. It is slimy, and yellow color and inedible. This is what junky Chinese places do to your poultry. It must cost them a dollar around or I'm not even sure where this stuff comes from. An absolute mess. If you have any self respect and trust me a little, please do not order the chicken here. That chicken was in a dish of thin rice noodles which were equally disgusting. They tasted like someone throw a coating of old fish sauce on them and then served them up right from the ocean. It reeked of fish oil and juice and it was an injustice to serve this stuff to the public. Fried rice be damned, I'm taking my business as far away as possible from this punk ass fake ripoff place. New York would laugh this craphole out of the area code in a New York minute.
1	Think of the name of the restaurant as an oxymoron and you're on the right track.Disgusting food, cheap ingredients, unfriendly staff, and pathetic dining area.  I lived on this food when I was broke 2 years ago and I regret it, I'd have rather gone into debt.
5	Always have our food delivered abut once a week.Service is fast and well packaged.Food is always good, hot, and fresh.Just ordered again!! AAA...excellent late night delivery!!  Food was so good and fresh.....!!!!!   I am a fan!
4	If you're looking for a place for good bad chinese-- you know what I mean, greasy and not at all good for you-- then this is a good place!  My boyfriend and I have lived in Old Town for 2 years and had yet to find a decent delivery chinese place.  I'd actually ordered from Yummy Yummy over a year ago and was not impressed.  But, either it's hit or miss, or their "new management" actually has improved things.I tend to order a lot of fried, filled foods when I order chinese, and this place did it right!  I had crab rangoon, pork filled wontons, and an eggroll, and all were fantastic!  The eggroll was gigantic and very crisp, and the rangoon and wontons were crisp with a good amount of filling.  Usually when I order these things, the rangoon is soft and mushy, and the wontons are mostly breading.  So, I was excited that this was not the case.  My sesame chicken tasted like every other order of sesame chicken I've ever had.  I was not a fan of the fried rice that accompanied it.  It tasted kind of like I would expect feet to taste.  My boyfriend had chicken chow mein and orange chicken with the sauce on the side, and he was a fan of both.  Service was accurate and prompt, although, I asked for "lots" of sweet and sour sauce, and they gave me one small container of it, no more than they normally give.In conclusion, will I go here when I want a gourmet dinner?  No.  But, will I crave this when I'm hungover and don't want to leave my apartment on a Sunday evening?  Absolutely!  I am happy to have an alternative to pizza when I want delivery food.
4	I keep coming back to this place.  It's cheap and they give you good portions too.  I'm originally from the east coast and this is the only place that truly delivered that ny/Philly kind of greasy Chinese that I crave.  Things have also gotten better under the new management.  While I don't think I would ever do a sit down meal here, it is great for takeout.
5	LOVED this place!  I ordered takeout - tofu veggie soup & tofu w/ brown rice and vegetables dinner.  SO GOOD!  The veggies were very fresh and I have enough to last me for 3-4 meals... huge portions.  The delivery was very quick - within 30 minutes of me placing the order.  I'm happy and satisfied!
4	I will admit that I was a little iffy on going to a place called Yummy YummyBut I always like to try new placesand looking for Chinese in Phoenix has been pretty hard lately..Most places have been just "OK"Yummy Yummy is located in the shopping plaza on the south east corner of Thomas and Sdale road... There are so many eating options here as so many new food chains are opening up...We decided to get Take Out from Yummy Yummy due to a busy evening Upon walking in, the inside actually isn't bad... very basic layout, nothing flashy...The employees were all very friendlyThey have a pretty big menu but I had noticed that they had an Orange Chicken special which came with rice and a egg roll for about $6 so I chose thatI also got a Dr pepper canCame out to a decent priceThe food took about 15 minutes to get ready which was pretty quick They were nice enough to double bag it and toss in some soy sauce, hot sauce, and napkins...Oh and fortune cookies...Getting home, I was sort of hoping to see the cool little red/white boxes that Chinese food usually comes in but they were in a cool black plastic containerIt smelt really good and I was looking forward to the tastePretty goodThe brown rice is goodThe orange chicken is very flavorful and cooked wellThe eggroll was a little dry but the sauces came in handyAll in all I was pretty impressed and happy to have had a good Chinese food experience at Yummy YummyI will recommend it to any one looking for affordable take outNot as bad as some reviews make it seem :)
4	Having an Asian wife, I am pretty snobby when it comes to Chinese food. I also grew up in NY so I know what real Chinese food taste like. No not all NY Chinese food is good but, when your wife is Asian and lived in NY as well, you know where to go. Yummy Yummy is just that, Yummy. It's good American Chinese food, the stuff I used to get on Long Island in the local Chinese take out before I  met my wife.  I thoroughly enjoyed and, will most definitely be back. Service was fast too.
1	Did take out from here as my fridge was empty and I was about to catch a flight to, ironically, China on a business trip.Obviously, as a frequent traveler to Asia I have quite an inderstanding of how Chinese food differs from American-Chinese food... but sometime you just want some comfort food in the form of sugary, deep fried chicken and rice!Sadly, the food at Yummy Yummy was the toal opposite of its name.  What I received was bland, and somewhat generic tasting.... almost like they prepared things ahead of time, and then added some additional seasonings to try to match the order (in this case, orange flavor).I've yet to find a good Chinese place in Phoenix, and this place certainly is on my list of bad ones.
5	I had the shrimp and broccolli and added beef and cashew nuts. Delicious!
4	Really good Chinese food is hard to find in Arizona....unless you go to Yummy Yummy! We found this place & gave it a try for delivery. They delivered fast! even though they said it would be 45 mins. They are consistently good. The prices are decent. I was concerned when I saw the containers-they looked small, but you'd be surprised how much they hold & when Chinese tastes good, it fills you up. We've been ordering there since the first night we found them. I don't know if I could try any others again!   :)
4	Let me paint you a picture. It's getting kind of late. You have a choice, you could go to the gym, make a healthy meal, shower, and feel pretty good about yourself... or you could throw on some baggy clothes, boot up netflix, and order Yummy Yummy. I chose the latter. I choose the latter quite a bit. I am simultaneously amazed at the combination of both the ever so slightly better than mediocre chinese that I am given and the superhuman-like ability of the delivery man to macgyver his way into whatever passcode protected apartment complex I choose to have him deliver to. Likewise I am grateful for his speedy judgement-free exit once the necessary I take food, you take money exchange is complete... Though they always give me silverware for two... Overall I find each Yummy Yummy experience one that satisfies my needs for fast, unhealthy american-style chinese that is brought to me no matter the obstacle.
5	Best Chinese food I've had in Arizona and always super fast delivery!
4	Tasted a little bit greasier than most Chinese food, but it was pretty good. The best part is you can order online now which is awesome because then I don't have to call or worry about them getting my order wrong because English is their second language! Not quite like New York Chinese food but still good for the price especially. I would recommend this maybe once a month or so just because it could be a little bit too greasy and upset your stomach.
2	I ordered the Pu Pu Platter for two as well as the tofu with vegetables plate. I was not exactly impressed. The food was delivered to my door and a few of the packages were either damaged or haphazardly taped together since they wouldn't close all the way. Now for the food. It was... not the best. I could feel my stomach yelling at me as I ate it. I wouldn't try this place again.
5	I just ordered delivery.  It came hot and tasted delicious.  I will order delivery again.
1	I think the health department needs to come inspect Yummy Yummy food & kitchen!  I went & got carry out Yummy Yummy yesterday......GROSS!! Paid approx. $7.00 for orange chicken with fried rice & egg roll.  The rice had a nasty taste & did not look YUMMY.  Threw it in trash.  Saved the egg roll for a yummy breakfast OMG!  Took one bite NASTY TASTE.  Pulled it open to look at ingrediants & about threw up! Inside looked like very old brownish colored cabbage & it looked like OLD FOOD OUT OF A GARBAGE CAN!! TRASHED!!! YUMMY YUMMY IS NOT YUMMY!!
1	GARBAGE. 75% of our delivery meal went into the trash. Have you ever ordered sweet & sour from this place? I was so confused, I had to CALL the restaurant to ask them what the battered cat turd shaped items were in my to go dish. No peppers? Onions? Pineapple? Dry hush puppy looking things next to rice with a big styrofoam dish of sweet & sour sauce on the side. WTF? Don't they know that S & S is an American Chinese dish and requires particular ingredients? For the record, I was simply told: "this how we serve this". And the Chicken teriyaki? God awful chunks of gristly dark meat, some with skin, swimming in a watered down sauce of some sort? Thank God the egg rolls were edible, as I had not eaten all day. And NOT cheap. Crab Rangoon? How do you screw this up, well, I'll tell you. You put 1/8th of a teaspoon of cream cheese in a wonton wrapper and fold it into one large triangle and soak it in grease. What ever happened to those cute little twisted bird's nest looking things that actually had filling you could taste. Yep, in the trash they went. Never, ever, ever again. I'd rather starve or eat snails From my garden. Yummy? Get out the dictionary you nits!
5	Food is awesome and very fast service, best Chinese food we found in Scottsdale, we love so much ! :)
2	very average food  didnt see cooks wearing  gloves, the girl that takes orders is very business like and unfriendly Thank you is not in her vocabulary. Nothing at all special here nothing like NYC or LA asian food
2	Went in for lunch with some coworkers.  I got the sesame chicken which was decent.  I also got the crab Rangoon, it was a little short on the cheese and crab on the inside.  The big problem we had was with the soda machine.  It did not have any co2 in it and the coke was out of syrup and the would not let us just grab a can from the fridge instead.  Pretty disappointing trip.  The sink in the men's washroom was also disgusting.  The place was unorganized, a few booths looked like a make shift supply closet.
4	We are full, happy and need a nap!I ordered online, it came piping hot and exactly what we wanted.I got shrimp in lobster sauce, biggest shrimp I have seen and perfectly cooked, brown rice was done correctly, the flavors were wonderful! Hubby got general tsos chicken, he was very satisfied,  heat was just right and the pork fried rice was very tasty.
1	Quite awful. Greasy. Beef and broccoli was 80% broccoli and the pieces were HUGE so they took up most of the room in the bowl. Hardly any sauce at all. Ordered egg fried rice by #, got home and some nasty looking fried rice with cubed meat, jumbo shrimp and huge raw onion chunks were in it's place. Crab puffs were all dough - maybe 1/4 teaspoon filling. I really have nothing positive to say about the place.Not cheap, either for what you get. Tried it once and I will never be back.
1	Let me say first that I love Chinese food and its hard to not impress me. With that said, this place was gross.I came in at lunch around 11:00am and was the only person in there. Their lunch menu has a lot but its strange: you get the main food, then you have to choose between a drink OR an egg roll OR a soup. Other places its usually all three for the lunch menu. I ordered shrimp with garlic sauce and a large hot and sour soup because that's what I really came for and I can seriously put away Chinese food. It took what seemed like at least 10 minutes so I'm starting to think that it will come out fresh and incredible. You can see where they're cooking...looks like they're hard at work back there.The person who took my order at the register brings the soup first then the plate of food. I hadn't noticed until I got the food but they have buckets of silverware on the table. I wasn't sure if they were used or not, but they looked used. However there were so many on each table that certainly they all couldn't have been used. I was also kind of taken aback that they serve on styrofoam plates. No big deal just that I hadn't seen that in a long time.I start eating the shrimp with garlic sauce. I quickly find that I don't detect any garcle whatsoever. Maybe because I love garlic and they only put enough in for a normal person. I don't know. I also soon find that it tastes like one of those microwaveable Chinese meals I could have gotten at the store a couple hundred feet away from their frozen section. Ah well, I eat it all anyway.I get to the hot and sour soup: again, what I had really come for because I had been craving it for some time and has become my measuring stick for Chinese places. First slurp: no flavor. Nothing. Ok? I put some soy sauce. Kind of better. So I'm eating it, watching a little of their TV as I go when I noticed something strange. I don't know if it was uncooked egg or some sort of gellatanous goup but there was some clear junk in the soup. I already paid for it and I got the impression they wouldn't care if I told them, so I scoup it out and put on my plate. I continue eating the soup and find more and more. And what I think was chicken in there starts to resemble children's fingers that may have slipped in. This is no bueno!Another thing. Their drinks. They give you a styrofoam cup to fill yourself which is cool, but they don't have a lid for that size. Makes me think they purposefully did this so you wouldn't take any drink with you.I work around here and this could have been my go to place but I won't ever be coming back. It makes my stomach feel weird just thinking about what I ate. I hope I don't get sick later on.Yes, it could have been a bad day for them. It was Friday maybe they were all excited, I don't know. But I'm not going to chance it.
1	I've eaten at here 15 -20 times since late 2009 or 2010. In the beginning, the food quality was excellent then it was sold or under went management change, I can remember the advertisement flyer. The last several times ordering take out has unacceptable in quality, this is not a place I'd recommend now.
5	Love the food here..been coming here for a few years now.....havnt complained yet lol
5	Intially I was skeptical because it was geared towards takeout, but we sat down to eat in and the service and food were fantastic...  I had the kung pao beef and it was very flavorful and the portions were huge.  I was stuffed when I left.
4	Very good & authentic. I worked a Chinese restaurant, and I have been to China. This is the 'real deal'.
5	I'm gunna throw out a 5 star for these guys. Their delivery is in point. They make it every time in under 30 minutes and the good is still smokin hot. Into it.I generally stick with the same thing. Potstickers, orange chicken, crab Rangoon and chicken friend rice. All solid choices and never let you down.
5	I love the hot n' sour soup!!! My favorite! My husband loves the orange shrimp. Baby craves the veggie spring rolls jeje I'm prego and I'm always craving them.We always order delivery and sometimes they take up to an hour but it's worth it!Portions are big, we always have left overs:)Thank you guys for AWSOME food!Keep it up!5 stars to the hot n' sour soup and the veggie spring rolls:D
5	I don't think this place gets good credit. Ordered last night it was good. Sesame chicken was great, delish!
5	Some of the best Chinese food in the valley. Great flavors
1	Not good.  Don't understand why they are open and Lo Lo's closed.  The food tastes terrible.  Meat was rough.  I had orange chicken.  Would never go back
4	This place is a bit expensive but their food is sooooooooooooooo good! i love their potstickers and chicken fried rice, its to die for! I use to have this everyday for weeks straight when I was preggers, I stopped for about a year then started this weekend and its not the same taste as before, but I take it thats because my taste buds change. I am not docking a star because of taste, but because the time of delivery, they say its usually 45 mins to an hour, but it took almost 2 hours to get my food delivered when i work a few miles down but cant leave work.
3	Overall, ok. Not great, not terrible. Flavors are good. I ordered the Mongolian Beef... however, there wasn't much beef in it... only two small slices at best. They use thick noodles for the lo mein. But those were my only two complaints. The lack of meat for the price I paid, almost made this a two stars. Ill probably try this place again for another food choice perspective, but not any time soon.
4	4 stars might be a little high, most of the things I've had were pretty....okay. Specifically, the Kung Pao chicken (my bellwether for Chinese) is average at best. The standouts so far have been the Hot and Sour soup (very good, I always grab a quart) and the Mai Fun. The online ordering system is very good and convenient.
4	I love this place. The chicken and broccoli is my favorite as well as the won ton soup.
4	Okay it's not anything fancy but a family owned take out Chinese. However I love how fast their pickup and delivery is!    And flavor is strong. I eat their Kung pao chicken and ma po tofu every week :)Hot and sour soup is good too. But I especially love their mapo tofu, no meat , very simple but love the flavor :) They lose one star as take out Chinese food because sometimes their flavor is not consistent and they always don't put fork when I do delivery but other wise my Togo takeout !
