4	Augustus Cafe features yummy late night fare whether you want omelets & breakfast food or hearty dinner food like roast turkey, baked stuffing, & cranberry compote (my choice).
1	THIS PLACE BLOWS GOATS!On my recent trip to Vegas we were starvin like marvin and found this joint inside Caesar's. We looked at the menu and decided to eat there because the prices were decent and we were ready to consume a cow.That was the biggest mistake of the night.Talk about horrible everything.1. The food here is not fabulous by any standards and you're going to pay more than you would at any other hotel cafe. 15 dollars for a measly quesadilla WITHOUT chicken.2. The WORST customer service I have had in a long time. We spent exactly 2 hours here because they never brought us our check and it took almost an hour to get our food which was 2 salads and a quesadilla. 3. They double charged my credit card and I had to call them once I got back to California. They fixed the problem two days later.Maybe I caught them on a bad night, but c'mon! That wasted most of our first night there. We ended up at this other crappy place for drinks later. Thanks a lot Augustus Cafe-FOR NOTHING!
4	It was in our hotel and open until 5AM.  Keep in mind that this review is based on the experience we had at 4:30AM.  Of course, it was pricey, but I look for quantity and density in my meals at this time of day.  They actually had a decent list of stuff, but I opted for the chicken wings.  The good ratio between wings and drumettes made me happy.  The number of pieces surpassed the number of toes that I have.  Great.  The amount of meat on each piece sealed the deal.  Our waiter was attentive even though the place was pretty packed with mainly bachelorette parties and castoffs from PURE.
4	This place is great.  Open 24 hours, and their menu was pretty broad.  You can get spaghetti & meatballs, fliet mignon, and quesadillas.  My quesadilla experience isn't the same as Valerie's below.  Mine was on top of my salad, and it was pretty dang good.  The only food that wasn't great was their burger.  It plained sucked.  The meatballs didn't taste generic, and the filet mignon was well, filet mignon cooked to perfection.  The service and the burger took away 1 star.  They are not friendly at all.-2 stars for not allowing people to wheel in luggage is plain wrong, LOL.  I would give them +1 star just for that reason alone.  There's no place for luggage in a restaurant, we've seen the place, it's very nice & very tiny.  Go to the Steakhouse in the Sahara if you want to eat next to your luggage.
3	Two stars for decent food (not bad by any means) plus a half star for the bread basket and another half for our sweet waitressFirst off, you shouldn't expect to eat in any casino restaurant (and I'm not talking about a place you could call a joint/diner/cafe) without overpaying for what you get.  Augustus in Caesar's is no exception and you're looking at $15 burgers, $11 quesidillas, $9 cups of soup, and $20+ if you want an actual entree.  Hell, you dont even get a free basket of bread if you order anything that can be construed as a lunch item (appetizers, salads, soups, sandwiches, burgers).  That is, unless your waitress is sweet enough to bring you one on the sly.  We understood why it was such a big deal only after we devoured our zucchini bread muffins and egg&bacon breakfast rolls.  Nothing could have been more soothing for our hangovers than the essence of breakfast captured by our single bread basket.  Like everyone else has said, the food is agreeably mediocre, though it makes for a safe and solid choice when you cant stand to have one more bad meal.
3	You will settle for almost anything when you wake up with a hangover! Thankfully me and my friends came across this place before we passed out from our headaches and hunger. First order of business COFFEE! Now I take my coffee seriously y'all! Because  I've probably had some of the worst coffee's ever at nice restaurants! But this wasn't too bad. We got seated in only five minutes or so...so it was about 11:30 when we got seated. I wanted breakfast....my friends got lunch. My french toast was awesome...their sandwiches were salty. I win! It was a bit pricy...but that french toast could have easily fed three people! Too bad i was too nauseous  to eat more than one piece...oh and the syrup was warm..awesome! Decor wise...it was alright. Simple and clean. There was a giant statue hanging over our heads which was a little distracting. Over all not too bad...but I would only get breakfast!
2	I gave this place 2 stars instead of one or zero because I did not get sick after eating there.  Although I might have felt better if I had.  How can I describe this place.  Its truck stop atmosphere combined with poor service, and un-fabulous food all served with no love.  So sad.  I had the nachos which were awful, the french fries were good though.  If you have a choice- go elsewhere.
3	We came here for breakfast and actually had a good experience.  We were seated right away and service was decent.  The prices are a little high for breakfast, but it is after all Vegas and the portions were pretty good.I had the peanut butter and banana stuffed french toast and it was very yummy!  It was super super rich though, and I really had to push myself to finish the entire thing.  The belgian waffle was pretty plain and boring, and the corn beef hash was decent.  The best deal is their (i forget what it's called) eggs, pancake, ham, bacon, sausage, potatoes combo plate.  The portion was very generous and the ham was delicious!!  $14 may seem a bit steep for breakfast, but you do get what you pay for.I don't think I would go back again, considering there are so many other options in Vegas.  But if you're at Caesars and you want a satisfying breakfast, it might be worth a try.
2	I ordered the steak salad and it was HUGE.  But other than the size and the amount of beef that I got, I wasn't all that impressed.  Again, I hate when salads are drowned in dressing, especially when it's drowned in a balsamic viniagrette.  Iceberg lettuce isn't big on my list either, neither is bleu cheese, but I was craving a salad and my gf ordered the same dish the night before and raved about it.  I guess if I wasn't already recovering from the night before, I probably would've finished the salad, but nah, I know good salads and this one was just "alright."  (Minus one star for the obnoxious drunk sitting next to us.  He was harmless, but still, annoying when some drunk stranger plunks down next to you and starts blabbing about nothing, all the while starting at your chest and not making any sort of eye contact.  I wish that the staff could've stepped in at some point to stop this interaction.  if anything, have some brains to know that you shouldn't seat a lonely drunk guy next to three attractive girls.  Come on now.)
4	I actually liked this place.  The four stars are comparing it not to fine dining but to other 24-hour cafe/diner type places.  It's a lot more expensive than most in that category but the food it also much better.  Portions huge.Two friends and I had a late dinner there Friday night (10 pm).  Our waiter was a little too perky but he actually gave us good service including getting those ever important cocktails to us in a hurry.  They get a star for the Cadillac margarita alone - the Grand Marnier in a shot glass on the side.  We started with an order of the parmesan crusted onion rings.  I could have eaten the whole giant platter of them myself.  Yumba.  Didn't seem greasy, either.    Then I had the turkey pot pie which was delicious.We liked it enough to go for breakfast the next morning.  My carne asada with eggs was to die for.
3	The food here is pretty decent, but the service has been pretty slow every time I come here.  My grandmother complained it was too cold, which is due to the fact that the restaurant is open to the hotel lobby and casino -- a very strange setup for what seems like an upscale coffee shop.  My grandmother actually called it "an open-faced restaurant," which I have to admit seems very fitting.  Meh.
3	This was surprisingly good!  We were just looking for a casual lunch, and went in with low expectations.  But, the food was quite good, and the service did a nice job.I'm not going to seek it out again, but if I'm standing next to the place, and I'm hungry.. sure.
3	We were drunk, partied out, and by the time we were done gambling, it was 5:30am! I love Vegas.Anyway of course we were hungry so with our winnings we decided to go to Caesar's. This spot was the only place open that early so we checked it out.The wait for a table was pretty long, about 15 minutes. They said it was because it was so early and their staff was low. Once seated though, service was good. I had the pancakes with eggs, home fries and sausage and the BF had a NY steak and eggs. Pretty good and their portions were HUGE. I didn't finish mine. The waiter also was attentive and kept refilling my drink as I was super dehydrated and drank like 8 glasses of water.The cutest thing is they give you these little jars of jam and A1. I took one home to show everyone. I like to take things from restaurants as souvenirs.$50 for breakfast but hey, it was paid with money won.
4	Spinach Parmesan was fresh and good.  The meal was on the pricy side of course, but we went for breakfast at 1:45pm so didn't run into much of a line heheh.  Eggs were fine and the Belgium waffle exceeded expectations.  Service wasn't great (especially for the price again) but overall not bad.
3	Food here is really really good.  Service here really really sucks.  I had the corned beef hash and eggs and it was some of the best corned beef I ever had.  Light, fluffy, fresh herbs and the eggs were done perfectly.  Even the toast was nice and thick and served with soft creamy butter.  The service though was just bad.  My father and I were asked what we would like to drink and we replied with coffee and a glass of juice.  The waiter then decided to skip asking my mom entirely and just assumed she wanted coffee and brought her a cup along with ours.  Then we placed our orders and proceeded to wait 25 minutes for the food.  No one came back to check on us until it was time to clear the table, and it took another 15 minutes to get us the bill.  It is so frustrating when a place serves great food, but the service is just crap.
2	This place is next to the check-in lobby and opened 24 hours. I had the club sandwiches for late-night dinner. The portion was large.The service was not good. The host surely took his time to have me seated (when there were a lot of empty tables). It also took a long time for my server to come.Menu options are basic and limited.
2	This little cafe is conveniently located right next to the Caesars Palace lobby.  So if you are leaving Caesars Palace or just coming back to the casino and don't want to go exploring to find a place to eat, this may seem like an okay place to stop.  The restaurant itself is kind of like a little cafe.  The overall look reminds me of many hotel restaurants (such as a Hilton, Marriott, etc.).In terms of the menu, the lunch and dinner menu feature a lot of comfort food items like pork chops and chicken pot pie.  I've never been here for breakfast.  I had the crab cakes, which weren't that good.  The pork chops looked better than they tasted.I'm not the biggest fan of Las Vegas food.  At the very least, Augustus Cafe does offer a slightly cheaper sit-down alternative to the other overpriced Vegas restaurants.  The food though definitely could be a lot better here.  Maybe their breakfast would be worth a shot.  By the way, the service was not that good (they forget about us and entrees did not all come out at the same time).
2	Augustus Cafe is like the homely, old high school friend that's always willing to hang out.  If you're staying at Caesars Palace, it's always open and even during slow times, the Cafe still gets moderate traffic.The problem with ol' Augustus is that I have never had a great time with him.  He's comfortable, that much is true, because I know him well.  They serve pretty much your standard American fare with a few random outliers (most of which are Italian).Augustus is really no fun.  Be willing to wait in line here.  I had the Caesars VIP pass that let me cut in front of all the sad folks who have been standing in line for a good 45 minutes.  I truly did feel bad for these people but, hey, Augustus and I go way back.The service here is fair at best.  It gets insanely busy in the restaurant.  I'm not looking to constantly hold hands with the server but throw me a bone here.  At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.The only redeeming factor is that Augustus is there for you when you need him and he's surprisingly dapper in the morning.  I will say that the one thing that Augustus does well is breakfast.  If you can beat the breakfast rush, they have some pretty high-quality items going on.If you've got another option, take it, otherwise prepare for a meal version of watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
4	Burger was the bomb!
2	Augustus Cafe just seems so out of place in Caesars Palace, like it was just thrown in there just for the hell of it.  I've been here twice, once for lunch and the other time for a late night meal.  I had their 3 egg omelet for breakfast which was good and filling and for the late night session, I tried their cubano sandwich, that was just okay.  It seemed that for both times I ate there, the waiters didn't seem very motivated and sounded like they didn't want to be there, and at times they disappear when it's not even that busy.  Also, the decor is very unimpressive and uninspiring.  If this is their answer to the Grand Lux Cafe, they've got a lot of work to do.  Not coming back here anytime soon.  Sorry.
4	It's a little pricey by normal standards but par for vegas and it is failrly upscale for a breakfast setting which is when I went.  The crab cakes benedict were really good, with the crab cakes full of tasty crab and nicely cooked (not dry, not undercooked).  The fruit plate is good and I also tasted an omlette which was fine.  The potatoes that come with the breakfast dishes are good too.  For reference, I came on a Friday morning about 10 or 11am.
3	Get the grilled cheese and skip the fries.Went here for lunch with a large group of friends over the weekend.  We were seated fairly quickly but had a bit of a wait for drink orders to be taken (not super long, just a few minutes).Among the dishes ordered were the massive grilled cheese with 3 types of cheese and an extra piece of bread in the middle (SO GOOD!), the reuben (both guys liked it), the meatloaf, spaghetti and taco salad.  Everyone seemed well pleased with their meals but the fries I sampled were only good for about 2 minutes after they were brought out.  Either they had been reheated or Augustus needs to rethink the fries they are serving.  As soon as they started to cool even a little they were absolutely horrible.I will probably never order that grilled cheese sandwich again as there's never a good reason to eat that much cheese, but it was really fantastic and if you love your dairy you should really give it a try.
3	Seemed pretty much like standard upscale coffee shop casino fare.  Sure, I've had better meatloaf for less than the 19 bucks it cost, but when the grilled cheese is 15 - that's just what it takes to get some grub in yer belly.  And I was pretty much ready to eat the table by the time we got there - the meatloaf was extremely superior to that.The pretzel bread that came out before the meal was AWESOME.  The aforementioned 15 dollar grilled cheese looked amazing and got rave reviews.  They took care of a big group pretty effortlessly (we waited maybe 5 minutes max for a table to be set up, and beyond that I got my water quickly and was having too much fun to remember if the food took a long time or not), and while I wouldn't make a special trip back here, I wouldn't be opposed to it.  And I would probably try that epic grilled cheese.
4	My family came here for a special the restaurant was having; I dont remember the details of the deal, but I do know that I got to eat some fantastic steak, and even better mashed potatoes. The pretzel bread was also great; I'm just glad I didn't have to pay.
4	First meal on Vegas. Tired from the flight, just checked in, and it being 11:30 at night brewed the perfect storm for there not to be a line going in. 5 minutes after that? Huge line. Service was alright, but it was really good bad food at the perfect time of night. Perfect drunk food. All in all, it beats leaving the hotel in the middle of the night, and you won't be dissatisfied.
3	SlowestcoffeehouseserviceeverDo *not* go here if you are in any sort of a hurry, day or night.Food is okay.
3	Augustus is a somewhat upscale 24 hour eatery.It mainly consists of the typical American food: burgers with fries, omelets, sandwiches, salads, and etc...I like eating here since it is the only 24 hour eatery at Caesars besides room service. Great place to eat when you have a hang over or just simply craving a midnight snack.Service is pretty much like any other cafe like atmosphere. Slow and unresponsive.
3	She said..." This place was actually pretty good once we got served our food. It just took an hour till the waitress came over to bring our water, and take our order down. Besides that, i recommend the turkey club, its huge and really good. The other menu items didnt look that great. This place is just a casual 24 hour eatery inside the casino, nothing special. The staff is really slow and they dont really care. "He said...."Yea this place is your typical casino generic food cafe. Nothing too fancy just someplace to eat when everything else is closed. The turkey club was alright, but we really wanted Rao's...maybe next time. They do need more waitstaff because we did wait long for water. I mean its water you don't even have to make it or mix it...just pour it."
4	I thought this place was pretty damn good. Especially for a 24-hour Vegas casino hotel diner. My impression of this place was probably influenced by the fact that I was utterly famished when I came here for a late lunch. But my sandwich was very tasty and a huge portion.I ordered a turkey, avocado, and bacon sandwich on wheat bread, pile of french fries on the side. The sandwich was enormous and stuffed with really good turkey, perfectly ripened avocado, and crispy bacon. The pile o' french fries were really good! Shoestring, crispy on the outside. Those fries were better than the ones we had at Bradley Ogden the following night! No joke!Pricey for a sandwich but as I've said in all of my Vegas restaurant reviews, it's Vegas. What the hell do you expect? This place was actually great value because of the portion size and overall good quality of the food.
3	came here at around 1:00 for lunch and it was pretty empty.  The service was sooooooooo slow!!  we were all starving so it probably seemed even slower than normal, but damn! it took forever for our waitress to take our order.  At least she apoligized multiple times.  I had the clam chowder in a soudough bread bowl.  It was pretty tiny and i barely got any soup inside.  My guy friend ordered the same thing and finished it in one minute haha.  for $9 i expected a little more i guess.  The prime rib dip was ok.  nothing too special.  On the menu is says something along the lines of melt in your mouth thinly shaved prime rib, but it was more dry than melt in my mouth.  Their fries are really tasty though! I couldn't stop eating them, and I'm supposed to be on a "no fried food diet."  I couldn't resist =XThe bread basket they gave us after we ordered was really good.  They had a good variety of onion cheese roll, zucchini bread, and pretzel rolls.  All were equally good especially the first two!   I would come back if i stayed in Caesars and wanted some grub after my hangover =D  haha
1	I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS PLACE NOR WILL I STAY AT CAESAR'S PALACE. The service here was deplorable; I came at around 8AM after a long night of partying with some friends I was showing around from NYC and I couldn't believe how slow the service was. It took them 30 minutes to seat us even though there was more than enough room, after that it took another 20 minutes for them to get out orange juice and then after waiting another 30 minutes for our food we decided to leave. We told the waiter we were leaving, and as we walked through the casino the manager of the restaurant came up to us and told us that if we didn't pay for the OJ that he would call security (even though we didn't touch it). After arguing with the guy, I threw the money at his face and went to talk to the general manager of Caesar's Palace. We got out money back, but overall the service was disgusting. Stay Away from this place and the hotel.
1	Slow service. A $14 dollar overcooked omlet that rivals Denny's (actually, it didn't even that). $4.00 for drip coffee. Way to fleece the tourists.
4	Pretty solid place for lunch.After being out all night and only get a wink of sleep, we wanted a quick, tasty meal without paying a ton of money. Augustus Cafe is right off the main lobby of Caesars and we stumbled upon this place. We were seated immediately and got our orders taken pretty fast. Our food came out a few minutes later and we were out the door. Good: Quick place to eat with pretty good food.Bad: Caesars is spread out so if you are on the other side of Caesars, you have quite a hike to get here.Final: Would come here again for a quick, sit down meal.
3	this place is ok....service is not as attentive...some of the food is ok...i def recommend the onion rings...had the atlantic salmon w/creamed leeks...liked the creamed leeks but the dish overall was too salty for my taste...
3	Great French onion soup I had in a very long time!! Service OK, but that soup was just amazing
3	Having not planned on Guy Savoy being quite as expensive for bar bites as we thought, we popped in here for dinner instead.This place is around $13-$25 for entree, and $9-$16 for appetizers.The portions are HUGE!  I mean  EPICALLY huge!We ordered normally, Appetizer for the table.  Either two appetizers or an entree per person for main eating.  We could have easily ordered 2/3 less food and still had left overs.Best Free Bread Bowl-Pretzel bun, cheesy bun, zucchini bread.  All warm and delicious.  Whopper Milk Shake-To die for.  Balanced candy + milk shake perfection.  Comes in oversized glass for maximum calories.Onion Rings-Mountain of Beer battered, pipping hot, perfectly salted, oniony goodness.  Came with great dipping aolis.French Onion Soup-big enough to swim in.  Not overly salty, good onion flavor, high quality cheese and crouton on top.Crab Cakes-Liked the avocado citrus salad with the cake.  Went together great.  A bit to dense though.  Could have done with one not two cakes.Clam Chowder- A little bit off.  Definitely too sweet.Prime Rib- Came with so much fat it needed lipo.  But other than that, this half a cow looked fantastic. Service was good, though unusually slow.  Good thing we left early for dinner, since we would have been late for our shows otherwise.This is some solid and GIGANTICALLY portioned Vegas eats.
3	The line for lunch and other busy hours is looooong, but you get to cut everyone if you're diamond club. Service is a little slow, but forgivable. I got a taco salad here and it was fine. The veggies were fresh, came with steak that was flavorful but a little salty. Portion was out of control huge! My family seemed pleased with all their food. I like this place, though it's a little pricey for what you're getting (standard diner fare, I think). Safe bet for standard food in Vegas, but not worth going to if you're not already at Caesars.
4	this review is for my $7 big ass cheesecake that i failed to finish. it was darn good though for that price it was worth it. the service though is slow. we didn't get helped for awhile and it took forever to bring us just water. i believe they just created my cheesecake on the go cuz that too, took forever. our server was nice though but it wasn't enough for me to win her cuz of the lack of speed
4	Okay, so we ate here the first time mostly due to its close proximity to our room and our extreme need for nourishment. They are open 24 hours and their menu is pretty extensive for such a little place. We never waited in line and the hostesses were friendly. The wait staff was a little spotty and the same person never came back to our table until it was time to bring us the check. It was hard to know how to tip for that, but we were so full by the time we left that we hardly cared at that point. We ate at Augustus once for breakfast and once for lunch. I can honestly say that both times it was wonderful. For breakfast, I had a Belgian waffle (complete with Caesar's Palace stamped in the middle!) and hash browns. Typical morning after drinking fare. The waffle was fluffy and the hash browns were just salty and greasy enough to hit the spot. For lunch, I had a chicken Caesar salad and was not disappointed. The bright star of this meal was the side of fries I got. Delish! So, we were happy with this little cafe being so near our room's tower. We basically fell out of the elevator and stumbled in here. Pretty awesome!
3	Foodlocated near the entrance of Cesar's Palace, breakfast, sandwiches, salads, burgers, entries, shakes, smoothies, moderately priced, quick service, hearty portions
3	Here for dinner when our after-conference dinner plans collapsed, and it was a positive experience.  The place was only about half-full, and the host quickly assessed our needs and seated us is a good location.  The staff was prompt with drink orders, and (in contrast to some other reviews) the service flowed very smoothly.  The turkey spa sandwich was very large, served on multigrain bread with ripe avocado slices and fresh sprouts.  The fries unfortunately fell way short of their reputation.  Special recognition for the decaf coffee, which was fresh, smooth, with lots of body.
3	I had a late breakfast here, it was decent but pricey for what I got.I had an omelet with mushrooms, ham and cheese, potatoes and toast.The omelet was large and pretty good, the potatoes were heavy and greasy and the toast was...toast.Service was fairly good and the food came reasonably quickly.I did get a tummy ache, probably because I didn't stop eating the potatoes when I should have.
2	expensive grave yard food... Had the barely soup and it was too salty to finish and that cost a pretty penny...
3	What can you say about the standard las vegas casino cafe except that this particular one puts out some above average food (for a cafe).  I think you have to watch what you order because its often hit or miss.  We ordered a couple of burgers between medium rare and medium and one came out perfect and one was closer to medium well.  You guessed it... I was the one that got jacked with the medium well one (it ended up tasting like well done - and for premium burgers - that means dry and tough).  The french onion soup is delicious here and its FULL of onion.  You won't forget that its french onion soup as each bite will give you your fair share of 'em.  I have had the prime rib french dip here and the reuben and both were good when I have gotten them in the past.The three stars is because there are so many other over the top good places within Caesars - so if its the quick and easy meal or late night drunken meal that you are looking for... this could be your place.
5	I'll start with high praise for Maryam who was our waitress. The food was DELICIOUS (we had a french dip and pancakes - late night carbs!!) and Maryam was INCREDIBLE, efficient and friendly - even at 2am.  She told us that she had been with Caesars Palace for 22 years and she loves her job.This was so much better than the Palazzo where there aren't any restaurants like this, especially anything that is open after 10pm.   We were glad to be staying in the Augustus Tower after stumbling upon the Augustus.The next time I'm in Vegas I might make a special trip to the Augustus - even if I'm not staying at the hotel.
3	This is place is about convenience.  Thats all. A 100 seat restraurant open 24 hours a chip shot away from Caesar's palace lobby.  Standard cafe food.  Food is ok. Decent.  Never had a bad food experience here in 8 visits.  But nothing extraordinary. Service is so so if you're lucky.I like a club sandwich.  They make a good one here.  I know its vegas. and i understand Im eating in a restaurant in the lobby of most famous casino on planet Earth. But $16 for a  club sandwich w/ 4 oz potato salad.  Like $12-13 isnt enough? Please
3	We came here after the Cher concert and we were HUNGRY!  We decided to order a couple of appetizers and we went for the Chicken Quesadilla and the Spinach and Artichoke Dip.  When they brought out the food I thought there was a mistake because the Quesadilla was the SMALLEST thing I have ever seen in my life.  It looked more like a taco...for $12.00.  The dip was good but it is served with garlic bread and not chips...so you are left with extra dip and nothing to dip in it.  Chips would have been better.  We got the creme brulee for dessert and it was tiny as well.  Overall, it was pretty pricey for such small portions.On the plus side the cafe is really cute and I loved the ambiance of this place.  We also received really good service and that's why I'm giving this place three stars instead of two!
1	Apparently yelp does not let you rate with negative stars like this place deserves. This is the WORST place to eat in Vegas EVER!My friends and I came here for a late breakfast and were sadly disappointed at the breakfast selection at 1pm on Sunday, this is Vegas after all. My friend and I ordered the make your own omelet and not only did they mess up the order once, but twice. Not a complicated order either. And to top it off it took darn near 45mins to get the food. The waiter gave us free bread to make up for screwing up our order... maybe that is compilation to some...Needless to say this place is a waste of time and to top it off its VERY expensive for food one step above Denny's. At least Denny's gets my order right and HOT!
1	There is a certain disconnect between the average food served here and the five-star prices charged.In essence, this is a glorified cafe. Nothing special as far as food quality or quantity.My main complaint is the service and the prices. We were charged $52 for one Mexican salad and two Cobb salads. My god people...it's lettuce, not hard to come by in a restaurant. My iced tea was $5.00 and it was plain not even the fancy tropical tea!Two other groups got their food before us and we came in five and ten minutes before them. Once again we ordered three salads, not much cooking involved there, not rocket science.Our server (crusty old blue-haired octogenarian) only showed up twice, once to deliver our food late and to drop off the the check. She looked like she would have fit in better sitting at the end of some seedy dive bar with a Camel unfiltered cigarette that opens at 6AM as opposed to Caesar's Palace.
2	I saw the cuban sandwich on the menu and had to try it! Oh well I have had LOTS better for half the price. I guess I paid to watch people take pictures with the statues! for all of ceasars glory, I expect better, much better
3	During my stay at Caesers I woke up one morning wanting a traditional breakfast. Being that I dont cook my breakfast usually consist of a Del Taco breakfast burrito and an apple. Well, breakfast options are pretty limited at caesers so I decided to come here. The food is ok. I had the Omelet which came with hash browns and toast. The omelet was nothing to brag about. It was over cooked. Eggs were not lite and fluffy. To top it off it cost $15. But this is to be expected in Vegas. Overall, nothing great or memorable,. Just came here out of convenience.
4	I came here last summer. My girlfriends and I were originally suppose to go to Serendipity3 but the line was too long. We were really hungry so we roamed to Ceasar's palace since it was next door. We checked out the menu and it was pretty pricey for a cafe menu. I'm too used to Corner Bakery prices. Luckily, my girlfriends and I love sharing!This place was completely empty during Mid day, we were the only ones there. From what I remembered, their service was slow. slow on a slow day?  Weird. We ordered the Reuben Sandwich. Came with Fries and pickles. I forgot how it tasted like but I remember it tasted really good, everyone enjoyed it. I even came back home to Cali and ordered the Reuben sandwich, it definitely did not taste the same =[ We also ordered this burger, from what we recalled, it was pretty good. totally forgot what it's called though. =/  a little useless for even typing that lol. but I'd come back here if I was around the corner.
2	I have eaten here a bunch of times and I have to say that I've never been impressed. I have always found the staff to be basically rude and in a hurry to turn the table over. They don't like it when you stay too long so make sure your having a fast breakfast or lunch meeting when you eat here. The overall quality of the food is fine and if your on your way back to your room after a night of gambling fun its an ok alternative. If you have time go somewhere else. Las Vegas has tons of great restaurants. I'd suggest Denny's across the street as a much cheaper alternative.
1	Wouldn't Serve this to Royalty!My goodness! For $58, you would expect a decent meal. (April, 2011) I ordered the chicken sandwich with potato salad and my husband had the Cuban with black beans. Nothing fancy, nothing hard to cook, just good solid food after a day of walking the strip.Honestly, this was absolutely the WORST chicken sandwich I've ever had. It was dry, overcooked and had alfalfa (not sprouts) on it, which was bitter and revolting. (I never start taking apart sandwiches to pick things off of them but I couldn't tolerate this and took the green stems off.) I love chicken sandwiches but this thing just did not fit the bill. It also had avocado on it - which I love, but they'd failed to add even a touch of salt to them so they were tasteless. And, I should probably mention there wasn't a spec of any kind of sauce on the sandwich - no mayo, no mustard , no salad dressing, no honey mustard, nothing! Which added to the overcooked dry meat effect. It was awful. The potato salad was made with real mayo (nice touch) but was greasy and had a weird texture. Made me wonder how long it'd been unrefrigerated. Didn't finish it either.My husband was non-plussed with his sandwich too. He simply said that "we can make better at home". And he didn't eat much of his beans which looked gross - of course black beans aren't the most appetizing bean on earth served all soupy in a white cup. Oh well.We could have had a better, more satisfying meal if we'd gone to McDonalds...That being said, the service was fine, although being what Caesar's Palace is, we felt a touch underclass dining here. It was at the end of a long day and we were tired and looking forward to a good meal. We felt really screwed by the end of this dining experience. What a disappointment.
