4	What you need to know is that this is NOT a standard Mexican joint.  You may find some names similar to what you can get at Macayos or Garcia's or heck, even the wonderful Carolina's.  This isn't Sonora cooking the way we know it, and it's not Tex-Mex either.  This is Mexico City food.  Go as often as you want - no passport required.Let's start with the feel of the place.  It's on the corner of a strip mall, but it's behind a bank building so you can't see it from the street.  Once you go inside, you might forget you're in a strip mall across from a suburban mall (Paradise Valley Mall).  There are custom brick and stone archways dividing the entrance and midway through the restaurant.  Great copper work along the wall that has a window into the kitchen, highlighting the copper plates above the window ledge.  There is a mural on the wall over the ample sized bar area that is an homage to Diego Rivera's work.  In shelves, and over the archways there are other pieces of pottery, tile work and other pieces that really set the stage.  They also have a great outdoor seating area off of the bar with overgrown climbing plants providing shade in the summer and heaters for colder nights.  There are several scattered TVs that are both viewable from most tables but are easily ignored.  Most nights it is soccer - of course.You'll be brought chips and 3 dippers, a green tomatillo sauce, a great chunky salsa and a red sauce that has a nice spice to it, but I can't quite place the flavor.  Next, you'll notice the menu.  The last time we went my dining companion notices how many items were made with bacon.  You'll also find lots of great meals that I haven't seen served at other restaurants.  In my years of coming here, I haven't been disappointed by a dish yet.  Some items are similar, but different. Enchiladas are almost square shaped and come in a small dish.  Fajitas don't come in a skillet, which continues to cook and burn the edges, but in a large heating pan that you'd imagine seeing on a buffet line.  Average meal price is about $12 and worth every penny.  Deserts are also wonderful - but it's been quite awhile since I was able to make it to dessert.  La Parilla is really great if you're in the area - and even good if you had to drive a bit to get there.
3	La Parilla Suiza is a nice authentic breath of fresh air in Phoenix. Everything from the food, to the atmosphere, and people who work there give it a Mexico city vibe. A great place to take out of towners who want a taste of the west, or someone who loves Mexican food. The only downside? Service hasn't been great when I was there.
3	I only give this place 3 stars because our waiter was really nice. The salsa's were not spicy and in need of salt. The Fajitas were so-so. The Flan looked gross. My Margarita was like a slush.  There has to be better Mexican food out there!Oh, but the corn tortillas were really good.
4	I am a big fan of this restaurant. The location is not so great...just a strip mall, but I think their food is excellent. We are vegetarian, so we get the same thing every time we go...split the cheese enchilada and cheese tamale plate. It is so good. We also love the chips and salsa and margaritas!!
1	This place is overrated,  the food is NOT authentic at all.  California is where the real Mexican food is.
3	Great authentic Mexico City food.  Great chips and salsa (three types of salsa arrive with your chips)Their queso and chips appetizer is awesome, and I'm rather partial to the  Chimi.  Not the best Mexican food, but by far not the worst.Their Margaritas are also an excellent way to stave off the Arizona heat in the summer.
5	I'm surprised to find the overall rating for La Parrilla Suiza is so low.  But, then again, I don't live in Phoenix and I only come here once a year when I'm visiting...AND i always order the same thing (the Parrilla Suiza in the table grill).  I love this place for the ability to get amazing, fresh mexico-city style meals.  Note, NOT TEX MEX.  The salsa is pretty good to start, but nothing to write home about.  What I truly crave anytime I get in the greater Phoenix area is the chorizo at La Parrilla Suiza.  Awesome, just awesome.  Again, I highly recommend one of the table grill options where you get chorizo, a couple quesadillas, seasoned beef, and a poblano pepper stuffed with cheese.  I'm currently chewing on the side of my keyboard right now just thinking of it. See you next year La Parrilla Suiza!
2	Great looking place, expected a really classy experience.  What we got was a waitress who didn't introduce herself or greet us, clear our plates or fill our drinks.  What we also got was food that would have been just slightly above average had it actually been hot.  The food was lukewarm, refried beans had a burned taste, chips were stale, the fried ice cream was obviously fried a few days ago so it pretty much just looked like a big ball of ice cream that had been rolled in cornflakes.  Not to mention we didn't get the extra garnishes the table next to us got.  We won't be going back, there are way too many other places that are worth the money.
2	My Wife and I had dinner there, very colorful place at first, seemed like it'd be good. They model themselves after a real Mexico City restaurant, and I'm not sure what that's all about! Food was bland and boring, and I didn't find it to be authentic at all. Service was OK, it was very crowded, but that didn't hinder the waitress. Won't be going back.
1	I'm pregnant and craving Mexican.  I hadn't been to this restaurant in years and decided to give it another try.  Being on a budget, I didn't have that much to spend on lunch for my boyfriend and I.  First thing that turned me off was printed in the menu.  Only 1 refill of the chips and salsa before they charged $1.99 for more.  Also, only 1 refill on drinks (which were absurdly expensive for iced tea and lemonade: $2.25 each).  Any restaurant that charges that much for drinks and limits your refills to 1 turns me off, especially here in the desert.  My boyfriend had a chimichanga with shredded beef which was pretty good and I tried the enchiladas with "mole" sauce.  It was absolutely disgusting.  I sent it back and asked for chicken enchiladas with green sauce.  Decent, but not worth $10.49 they charged for simple enchiladas.  The chips were nothing to write home about, honestly a Fry's bag of $1 would have been much more appealing.  The salsa (a trio of regular, green and hot) was bland and tasteless, albeit spicy (which didn't help my sudden need to suck down the limited drink I had ordered).  I am reliving the food even now as it gave me horrible heartburn and left me feeling extremely nauseas.  I will never be going back, ever again.
5	I was born in New Mexico and grew up in az and socal. I know mexican food!!! La Parilla Suiza has a unique flavor that no one else has. I love the Hatch Chile flavor of New Mexican-Mexican food the best. But Mexico City flavor that La Parilla Suiza has is every bit as good. I can't recommend it more!
5	Here's what I love about La Parilla Suiza: its simply good. The strip mall location across from the un-hip PV mall doesn't bely the fantastic experience inside. I've eaten there many times throughout the years and it never disappoints. Since leaving PHX, its been a couple of years since I stopped through, but this experience felt like a homecoming. Why do I bother with other "trendy" locations when my old friend stays consistently great?The tortilla soup is EXACTLY what it is supposed to be. If you get it, don't skimp on the sour cream and avocado because the extra calories are well worth it. The broth itself is flavorful if simple, the tortilla strips are toasted THEN added to the soup and its just too good for words.  I also had the fish tacos on this trip - I usually don't eat fish tacos, there is nothing worse than a place that messes up such a simple dish, but La Parilla didn't disappoint. The tortillas are soft and pliable, the fish was remarkably good and the batter wasn't too over powering. They don't heap 12lbs of junk on it, they just let it shine. They keep the fresh chips coming and the "green" salsa is so good, I usually ask for additional to take home.  I have had the Parilla Suiza that other Yelpers love and I concur with their assessments too. And on our last trip, during a fairly busy lunch, we are greeted with warmth immediately both at the door and by Hector our waiter. He practically TRIPPED over himself to give us great service. Never rushing, just making sure everything was great. He made recommendations and honestly, made me feel like I was in the large home of a great cook. I just think the food here is underrated, its simple, fresh and well done. The service is always warm and prompt..and I now that my green salsa is gone, I guess I will have to wait until I am in PHX again for anything even remotely so good. If you haven't been, you should. Prices are reasonable, the staff is great and the cooks are confident enough to let the food stand on its own without layers of junk.  Why can't more restaurants, Mexican or not take a note from that book? Adios PHX and La Parilla Suiza, I'll see you next time!
4	Well here i go again with a Mexican Restaurant review. Now as you all know with my review of Rito's Mexican restaurant i am not a Mexican food lover...but i must tell you LaParrilla Suiza has great AUTHENTIC Mexican food. The wife and I found this establishment by accident last weekend while we were out shopping. A co-worker had mentioned this place to me a week earlier but i didn't realize this establishment was within walking distance of our apartment. My co-worker lives in the west valley so she goes to the location in Mesa and she told me if i wanted Authentic Mexican food at a great price then visit LaParrilla Suiza.So imagine my surprise when we found this gem in all places, a strip mall, right across from the Paradise Valley mall here in the east valley. So i walked in and got a take out menu...and the establishment was very nice and well maintained. I ordered the Chile Relleno because my friend Manuela told me all about it and she thought i would like it...and she was right. The wife and I shared it because there were two of them along with refried beans, rice, and coleslaw. Now the Coleslaw is not really what you would envision as traditional coleslaw...because it is not wet at all...but it is not bad either. Now Manuela also recommended  the Queso Suizo which is a pure cheese dish, the tortilla soup, which i am definitely trying on my next visit, the Pechuga Suiza con Alambre de Res, and the Pechuga Suiza which is chicken breast. I plan on trying all of these in the near future and i will keep you all posted on what i think of each dish. However my friends feel free after reading this review to try the food for yourself because if you like Authentic Mexican food in the valley of the sun then go no further than LaParrilla Suiza. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	I don't speak Spanish so I'm not sure that my girlfriend's translation of La Parilla Suiza to English as "Our food tastes like when you throw up in the back of your mouth" is correct. We had some chicken enchiladas with green sauce on the recommendation of our server. Being a gringo I expect my enchilada to be a corn tortilla filled with some gooey melted cheese and if ordered with, some meat. These were corn torts with a dab of chicken inside them, topped with a green sauce that had no heat but a lot of twang. Though given the flavor of the enchiladas I was happy that there wasn't much there. As for the service, we didn't see him again after the food was delivered until done and ready for the check. The carafe of water left on the table appeared to be a Star Trek collectible as it had food particle klingons. But hey, no server to complain to so I guess all is good.
1	I have lived in Arizona for 25 years and the first 15 years in Tucson.   I have been going to your restaurants for all of these years.   It used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant, I can tell you now it has fallen not only past the bottom of my list but completely off the list of not just Mexican Restaurants but all restaurants.   I will not come back, nor will I ever recommend it.Here is what happened.    We came to the Tatum Blvd one Sunday evening about 6pm.    There were maybe 10 tables with people, not busy at all.   I was with my wife and 2 kids, we were seated right away and our waiter was nice enough at first.    My son ordered the #52 as he always does, my wife ordered #24 but thought she was ordering #21, my daughter ordered her customary Cheese quesadilla from the kids menu and I ordered #39 (thought I'd try something different.).   First off my sons, silverware was dirty, (set ups) he simply took some from another table, seemed like not a big deal at the time.   Then when my wife's meal came 5 or so minutes late after everyone else's it was the Vegetarian Burrito not the Fajitas she thought she ordered.   Rather than trying to make it right for her the waiter became argumentative and told her that is what she ordered and gave her no option.    What makes this interesting is she ordered it as #24 but said to the waiter she wanted the Fajitas.   Her mistake but is the customer always right?  Should the waiter try to make her experience correct even if she made the error?   Should we have had the option of getting her the meal she wanted-even if you offered at a cost to us?    I did get my order and it wasn't as good as I expected but it was what I ordered, 1 BIG Standing tray of food, but not a Plate to be had.   Consequently, I dropped a Chorizo covered spoon on my clothing because I had this elevated monstrosity of a serving dish in front of me but no plate to eat of off.     Lastly but probably the most important was my son's dinner.   It seems he had a HARD FOREIGN OBJECT in his re-fried beans; it looked and felt like a pebble.   We pointed that out to our waiter, he response was: "I'm sorry."    I would have thought we'd see a manager by that point but we did not.   I would think a HARD FOREIGN OBJECT which  was clearly not food in my son's beans warranted a free meal if not our entire bill given as complimentary.   You could have had some expensive dental work to pay for.   Here is the deal.   I am not happy, my wife is not happy, and my son is not happy and begged us not to go because we have had either bad service, messed up food orders, plus I have even had Chicken bones in my food in the past.   In fact I remember a time when he ordered #52 with beef before got it with chicken instead and they brought him an entire 2nd meal because of the error.    My 9 year old daughter is the only one in the family that likes it; plus it's pretty had to mess up a Cheese quesadilla (her order every time).   Here's the other tidbit of knowledge she doesn't get to be the one who buys dinners out, I am.    The consumer votes with dollars and I will cast my vote to not spend them in your restaurants again.  Please let me know your thoughts I am very interested to know.   I paid with a credit card the bill totaled $49 and I tipped only $5 because of the sub standard service, I am sure you can find my order in your records.   I have probably had over 100+ meals from your restaurants over the years and I must say the Phoenix stores or should say at least the one at Paradise Valley Mall is terrible.   I don't think I ever had a bad meal at the Speedway location but I moved to Phoenix over 10 years ago and do not go to that location any longer, I cannot say the same for this location.
1	eeew. It started with a cranky waiter who told me that if I wanted to know the specials, then I should have read them on the board. The food was downhill from there. The entire place smelled like fried onions.
5	Best appetizer in the city.Me and my family have been eating here since they opened, and that was around 20 some years ago.  Without fail we have always had the melted cheese appetizer.  It's a combination of a few types of cheese served in two different sizes depending on how much you want.  Let's make this clear.  This stuff is a heart attack in a hand pressed tortilla.  It probably takes years off your life but the taste is worth it.  Perhaps it goes along with the tradition of melted cheese but I dont think I have ever ordered anything other than the bistek tacos.  I will admit I think they used to be better but I still they think they are quite good.There is better mexican food in the valley that I am sure of, however between the personnel tradition and the melted cheese appetizer this place is still one of my favorites in Phoenix.
4	If you're looking for greasy, dirty, late-night drunk Mexican food, don't come here.  They only got the high quality shit here.  Lean and clean.
5	Some of these previous low ratings surprise me, as my wife and I have been eating here for years. I have never had them limit refills on drinks ever. One waiter is not nearly as efficient as the others but he is the only one. This is not a Tex-Mex joint so if you want their best do not order chimi's, enchiladas or fajitas. They have many other excellent choices. May I suggest combinations plates number 15 and 34 they are always superb. For the week day lunch special I always order the beef alambra tacos. The bacon puts them over the top. The Queso appetizers are artery clogging but excellent.
4	All I can really say is that it's a family favorite.  My husband's family is completely addicted.  They all have their favorites.  I'm still working my way through the menu but the fried ice cream is always our go to dessert.  And the margaritas are a nice complement to any Mexican meal. :)
3	La Parilla Suiza was decent. We sat at the bar and split the trio fajitas. They were good, but fajitas are pretty standard so I can't say they were amazing.. I do like how they bring the 3 salsas for the chips and they were accommodating when I asked them to mute the TV. The one drawback was the service, they were incredibly slow. Painfully slow at the end. Luckily I had great company and didn't mind the wait. If I was in the area I'd go again, but I wouldn't seek it out.
5	We love this place and go at least twice a month. The service is consistently good, as well as the food. Love the salsas and green sauce---so good! It is reliable, clean, fast, and inexpensive. We have been going for years and have always had good waiters! Great for families!
3	Very good service and good food! Definitely a fun place for Mexican food.
3	Not bad.  Kid friendly.  Server and hostess were a bit spacey, but friendly.  Some items were excellent.  Some were just ok.  Didn't like the sopapillas.
4	I was very skeptical of this place because I am normally not a fan of strip center Mexican food places.  This location isn't the newest and nicest but it is definitely a solid joint and far exceeded my expectations.  Our server/waiter was fast, friendly and courteous.  The chips and salsas brought to the table when you sit down were fresh and excellent.  I especially loved loved loved the red one.  I bought a pint to take home to put on EVERYTHING.  There is just enough spice and great flavor.  There is some secret ingredient but I can't place it.  We also ordered the melted cheese thing for an appetizer and it was awesome cheesy goodness.  Next time we are going to order it with green chilies.  My wife and I split the "Fajitas for 2" with 1/2 chicken and 1/2 steak.  I thought it was excellent.  The meat was tender and juicy and there were plenty of sauteed onions and peppers throughout.  There was also more than enough for 2 people.  The flour tortillas were also fresh and delicious.  Their guacamole was less than stellar however.This is probably one of my favorite local Mexican places and I can't wait to go back.
3	Really fresh food, salsas are awesome! I could have made a meal out of them. Cute decor and nice ambiance. I will definitely go back.
5	Appetizers are great and good ritas..not strong enough for my liking but weren't overly sweet. We sat at bar and ate and the people behind the bar were very friendly. We will be back!
5	Yum! We had a mail coupon for buy one entree get one free, so figured what the hell and gave this place a try. It's located in a strip mall, but certainly doesn't feel like it when you are inside. It has quite authentic decorating, is clean, and VERY welcoming. It feels like being in a family restaurant with a cozy feel in Mexico. We were seated instantly. We had the best service here I have EVER had. Not exaggerating. Jovan was our server and was amazingly fast, efficient, friendly, and motivated. Our drinks were always full, food was out in a flash and just how we had ordered it. He was amazing. Always smiling- all of the customers appeared content and relaxed.Onto the food here- spectacular! It seemed quite authentic. It was hot, great flavoring, and the menu is large and diverse. They give chips with 3 types of salsa that were all very different, but wonderful. I saw quite a few people order the "fajitas for 2", which were huge and presented well. I really highly recommend coming here for lunch or dinner. Comforting feel and absolutely perfect service. I have still been raving about it.
4	This place is right in my neighborhood, but I always seem to forget it's there! Finally tried it out last night and I was very impressed. I LOVED the trio of salsas they serve with their chips...especially the green one! It is fantastic and so flavorful. I ordered chicken enchiladas with green sauce, and they were delicious. Normally enchiladas come drowning in cheese, but these one were not and you could really taste the flavor of the enchilada sauce. Their charro beans were very good as well; definitely a nice alternative to refried beans. I can't wait to go back here and try some of their other dishes!
4	When I crave Mexican food but don't want something smothered in cheese and grease, I come to La Parilla Suiza.  I have been here several times, and everything I have had has been great. Most recently, I had a cup of the chicken and rice soup, and a fajita taco a la carte. My husband has the bistec (sp?) tacos. He really liked them.  This place is not too filling and yet you feel very satisfied. Its pretty cool too because you get to watch the guys making everything through one of those glass windows.
3	I have heard so much about La Parrilla Suiza that when we got a coupon in the mail we decided we had to try it. The chips and salsa are great. I really like that you get three different types of salsa; a red spicy one, a green one that has an avocado flavor and a chucky pico de gallo. I had the shrimp melt. It was a like a tostada with shrimp and lots of avocado, cilantro, and cheese. It was delicious and very fresh tasting. It came with a side of pinto beans and rice. I like that the food is true to Mexico City and not the usual saucey and heavy Mexican food you see at restaurants. While the food was great the service was a little spotty.  We saw our waiter bring our food and that was about it . Hopefully, this was just a one off situation with the service. I would try La Parrilla Suiza again just based off how great the chips and salsa were. However, if I had the same waiter experience as this I wouldn't return to this location.
4	When I lived in Arizona ( from age 5 to 30), I ate at La Parilla Suiza a lot, at several of their locations. This is the one closest to my childhood home, and I think it was the prettiest of the restaurants. My mamma and I used to eat lunch there. My dad and his third wife liked it too ( but not with my mom, of course).... anyway, ahem.I love their melty cheese and mushroom appetizer, their chips and salsas, their tamales and enchiladas.. and the fajitas. In college a Latino friend of mine took me to eat fajitas at the one in Tucson near the U of A campus, and I was busy forking chicken and peppers into my tortilla ( daintily, like a lady) when he took my fork away, put a tortilla in my hand, and said "no, LIKE THIS!" and demonstrated how to grab the stuff in the tortilla. I have to admit, it was faster and more fun. The fajitas are typically really really good, across the board. I miss LPS and as much as I try to emulate their fajitas in my home, it's not the same. they do a great job. If you get to Phoenix or Tucson, give it a try. MMM. Oh, and the tortilla soup, to die for. Really.P.S. They catered my dad's wedding to his wife, and the food was fabulous.
4	I love this place.  I've been going since I was a kid (I moved away but I'm back now) and I thought maybe my travels and eating "good food" would change my opinion of this place...nope!Their salsa is so good, their food is wonderful.  I love their beef machaca and their fajitas are ridiculous.  If you want good, legit mexian food come here.  This place also has the best high chairs for kids (random thing I know).  I love places that actually invest in good things for family dining...
1	So disappointed. I moved to Arizona from California last year and have been searching everywhere for some good mexican food without any success. Yesterday, two of my coworkers were talking about this restaurant and its tortilla soup and cheese appetizer and tonight we decided to try it out. Pros- good chips and salsa. my corona was ok too. fast service but I hate when servers do no clear the appetizers, dirty plates before the main course. And then give the check without clearing the table.Bad- the FOOD !! tortilla soup was okay, really nothing special, I would not order it again. I guess when I think of tortilla soup, I expect cilantro, onion, chips, chicken but it was just broth and chips and cheese. We ordered the cheese and mushroom appetizer since my coworkers recommended it. We had a few bites of thick cheese and we were not impressed. tasted like canned mushrooms and bad cheese. We ate about 1/3 before just letting it sit there.  Main courses arrived and while they looked pretty, my swiss enchiladas with red sauce were GROSS. I took one bite and made a face. The sauce tasted very ketchup like and the chicken had no flavor. Beans were floating in broth and tasteless... like watered down bbq beans. I got about 3 bites into my 3 enchiladas and just gave up. My bf's shrimp tacos were better and had a few bites of his.Overall, 40 dollars for us to eat and the only thing that were good were the chips. I'm not sure why my coworkers liked it but maybe its because I am used to good Californian Mexican food? Sigh, still looking for decent mexican food here in the valley.
1	What a waste of time/money. The menu pictures of the food look delicious, but what I got was completely different!!!!! I wanted it to be tasty....but I got some slapped together shrimp tacos with...white rice? White rice and butter. Crunchy..BLEH.I was expecting lots of shrimp for the expensive plate I bought. I got tiny little shrimpies....DON'T DEPRIVE ME OF MY SHRIMP! I love shrimp. Anyway, so bland....no flavor....so LITTLE food....I am not one to eat a lot, I just was expecting a bigger portion for what I paid forI feel like a jerk every time I rate a place low. But The thing is, when I dislike something, the first thing that comes to my head is: I gotta tell other yelp about my terrible experience!!!
2	I was not impressed at all.  I expect Mexican food, whose flavor foundation includes garlic, chiles, onion, and lime to be vibrant, but my cheese enchiladas were completely bland.  My peach margarita tasted like sugar water. This restaurant proclaims itself to be "Mexico City Food", but the menu seemed to be comprised of boring Mexican chain restaurant standards.  I was left wondering what was supposed to differentiate this cuisine from other Mexican restaurants (I presume La Parilla Suiza was simply trying to state that it's not a TexMex restaurant).Will not be returning.
3	Food was great and was a nice change from the standard Mexican joint. Atmosphere was kinda like a cafeteria and lighting was way too bright. That said the food was a solid 3.5 stars. Atmosphere 2 with an average of 3.
3	Good Mexico City food but sometimes the service is suspect. Nice to find a menu that isn't just the played out typical standards the margies can be fantastic. So if you want your atypical fare this is the place but make sure your schedule is freed up for an hour or so.
3	The food wasn't as good as I hoped. I got chicken enchiladas with red sauce. The sauce tasted like something you could get in a can at any grocery store and the enchilada filling was mediocre at best. Really just boring. My dad ordered something that looked like a pile of melted cheese with chili on top. He loved it, but I thought it looked disgusting. I'm still not sure what it was that he ordered. The best part of the meal for me was the chips and salsa beforehand. The green sauce/salsa was very good and the chips were nice and fresh with just the right amount of salt.The service was fine. Neither terrible nor amazing. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time, but mine was not very hot (still warm, but barely). Can't comment on my Dad's plate, as he didn't mention anything about the temperature.I would probably give this place another shot sometime to see if maybe I was just there on an off-day.
5	Love this place, great service indoor/outdoor seating.  THE BEST FISH TACOS ever.  Prices are reasonalbe I just love this place
5	It doesn't even seem right that I have never reviewed this place, as I've been coming to and raving about "The Parilla" for going on 7 years now.  It is my de facto "friends in town and want some good Mexican" stop.  In fact, I'm freakin' shocked by the low ratings this place is getting!!As with anyone Mexican place, they start you out with chips and awesome salsa.  There's a spicy smooth red sauce, a pico-type salsa, and the piece de resistance....the avocado tomatillo salsa.  They do, however, charge for extra chips/salsa after the first freebie refill.I recommend anyone try the Tortilla Soup (note: NOT a chicken tortilla soup).  You can get with or without toppings of sour cream and avocado for an additional cost, but I find it perfect as is.  It's mostly broth with cheese and tortilla strips (of course), but it is just such a delish soup. For my entree, I always get #25, which is a vegetarian combo of a tamale and cheese enchilada, which I have them use mole sauce instead of traditional enchilada sauce.  It comes with refried beans (the pinto beans are cooked with pork) and rice.  The soup and this plate are MORE than enough for dinner and breakfast/lunch the next day.They have several other locations in the Valley, a few in Tucson, one in Guadalajara, and one in Mexico City.
4	This is a favorite of ours - have been coming here for years. That said, we tend to order the same things. If you are looking for standard Sonoran Mexican food, you need to go somewhere else - this place specializes in Mexico City style food. )Although in recent years, they have added some standard Sonoran dishes to the menu) Love the chicken enchiladas suiza with green chili sauce. And this place knows how to do tacos and chilaquiles.The margaritas are always good and the tomatillo sauce that comes with the chips is our favorite - we always have to get more!The restaurant itself could use a little face lift - how about washing the door handles for a start - ick! But the food is always good as is the service.
5	Incredible food. Tortilla soup that is legend and the paradillas are amazing. Not much ambience from a strip mall so don't come for the romance, just incredible food.
2	We've been to a closer La Parrilla Suiza before, so when it turned out that we could get diner miles by going to this one, we thought we'd try it, even though it's much further out.Maybe they had an off night, but I had some serious issues with hygiene! I'm not usually too fussy on this kind of thing, but the tables were dirty, there was old crud and new food stuck all over the table and in the grout lines of the tiled table, the floors had clearly not been cleaned in a while (food from previous diners was still all over the floor) and the toilets were in a terrible state of disrepair!One toilet was completely blocked, another was covered in excrement and the sink wall had some kind of damage too, like a chunk off the wall missing. There was water/pee and toilet paper all over the floor too!When my daughter and I returned from the restroom, we told the waiter what state the ladies was in and he somewhat grunted in acknowledgement, but when my daughter needed to go again before leaving, nothing had changed.The food was ok, but to be honest, I had a hard time enjoying it.We won't be returning!
5	People stop ordering TexMex type foods here. This is a "Mexico City" type of restaurant. If your preferred version of Mexican food is enchiladas go elsewhere, better yet, try something new such as the Alambre Tacos or number 15, try the queso suizo appetizer or anything except the pedestrian fair that is at most American Mexican restaurants. This restaurant is much better than it is rated as most of the  poor reviews are for TexMex stuff.
5	I LOVE the food, the service is always good, the chunky and the green salsas are amazing and the tortilla soup is divine!  I could eat here every day if I could afford it...both financially and at my waistline!
2	I don't know what kind of crack some of you are smoking to say this is "just like Mexico City food." It isn't.  Mi esposa, si, es del D.F., y hemos comido en muchos lugares alla, INCLUYENDO La Parrilla Suiza.  Which means, my wife is from Mexico, Distrito Federal, and we have eaten in many places there, INCLUDING the original Parrilla Suiza locations en el D.F.  This place is NOTHING like those del D.F.  This is an attempt to "hoodwink" gringos who don't know any better.  Whilst the fare is quite a step up from Serranos or Garcias, it really isn't all that much better, the prices are a bit ridiculous, and the service leaves a lot to be desired.  As far as I can tell, the only similarity between the US and D.F. locations are the logos on the outside walls.  Not a big fan of false advertising.  If you want real comida del D.F., go to Los Reyes de la Torta.
4	Wow! I never reviewed La Parrilla before? We go there very often, usually for dinner, since they always have coupons going on for the neighborhood....We usually have one or two of the parrilladas, which are usually always enough to share.I like their green (avocado like) salsa, and their staff is always so nice and friendly.Today we were in a hurry (we only had 30 minutes) and we ordered just an appetizer (chorizo quesadilla) to share, it was just the right size snack.I really love the cheese they use, the quesadilla was delicious, as always is the queso fundido that comes with the parrillada.The only complaint is that the hubby thinks they don't have diet coke, but Coke Zero... not sure though, but he always thinks the Diet Coke tastes funny : )
5	The value, the food, the Happy hour, the service, you can NOT beat it!!  They give you three sauces with your chips, a salsa, pico de gallo and some sort of guacamole  dip.  Trust me, it's ALL amazing!! No, this not a five star but if it's lower prices and yumminess you are after-Go Here!!!!!  Nothing like this compares to most places in Colorado, my husband grew up here a d was very impressed!  And if you enjoy the Alcoholic beverages please try the Widow of Oz drink, it's a twist of the Margie.  I thought it would be sweet and I can't handle sweet but I had two and now hubby is saying 'I am sweet'  lolEnjoy!!!!!!!!
2	Wow, this was tasteless food. Even the salsa for the chips was thin and tasteless. I had a carne asada burrito that was dry and 90% tortilla. The rest of the table experienced the same thing. Eat somewhere else.
5	Excellent service! Food was delicious. My date and I shared the tortilla soup and the server graciously brought out an additional small bowl without us even asking. The enchilada con mole was fantastic! The side of beans that came with it reminded me of my Mexican grandfather's recipe and brought back great memories. We will most definitely be going back very soon! Highly recommend!!!
5	Great Mexico city Mexican.  Love happy hour here.  For dinner try the fish tacos or shrimp tacos.  Everything is great.  wonderful atmosphere great staff. Love this place.  I'm a regular.
5	We just went to La Parilla Suiza near PV mall and it's closed!!!!!!!!!! We're so disappointed... we've been faithful customers for 20-something years. :(
5	Food here is awesome!!!!! What I recommend is the Mole enchiladas !!!! Yum
4	Bummer heard they closed. Had been going there for years. Although a few months ago the place (tatum location), was looking run down and my wife said the bathroom was quite filthy.. No sure what happened but I will miss them
4	This place is now closed, as of about the beginning of Summer 2013.
