4	A  little window-front stand on  the corner near Boulder Highway. I like these Chicago style dogs better than Costco or other shops.
4	i swear, if on curb appeal alone... this place always scared me when i drove passed it... but something had to keep the peeps coming back... so i decided to try it...so i walk up to the window, 2 big dudes (definitely east coasters too with their accents and attitude) asked what i would be having... i said gimme what everyone here is ordering - hes like ok: Italian Beef with peppers, onions and provolone cheese, a bag of fries, and a soda...good laaaaawwwwddd... seriously, thats a a beef sammich - 5 star quality, it was awesome... and they arent shittin you either, it was literally a brown sack lunch bag filled with hot fried steak fries... whoa.it was awesome... so why not 5 stars? well... its on the street, and there is no sit down places, they have 2 outdoor tables but it isnt even worth it to try and sit down, crowded and dirty... cant sit on the curb because its at the intersection of lake mead and boulder, so its a real busy street with alot of dirt kicked up... the hours are what ever the two guys running the joint wants it to be, sometimes they are open late / sometimes they arent open at all - wtf - but thats a serious ITALIAN BEEF sammich, and well worth it if / when you can get it.
5	The Food here is killer the Beef sandwiches, the Hot Dogs, the French Fries. Its very East Coast/Chicago etc and the guys that own it are from there too so dont be offended my lil California friends, these guys are there to make/sell food and they do it good! Sometimes if theres a big wait or whatever they even gave my Wife a free soda.
4	Definitely reminds me of the greasy hot dog/Italian beef places in Chicago. The food is awesome and if you are from Chicago you will feel at home here. If it was just a food review I've give 5 stars hands down. However, they don't take credit cards and considering the price of the food I don't understand why. I usually wind up spending almost $10, it's a hot dog stand for crying out loud! I also get this weird feeling from the the goons behind the counter. I'm obviously not one of the regulars and I feel like they're of sizing me up, yeah right, like I'm going to crawl through the window and start kicking some hot dog guy's ass. Whatev, the dogs are awesome, enjoy!
5	everything about this place is awesome,  from the little dodgy shack its housed in, to the surly guys running the joints,  its just like chicago.the pirces are just right, the food is exactly, if not better to what you get in chicago. the italian beef with gardinere is sooooo good and the dogs are awesome, nice steamy bun, fresh toppings and its not tiny liek other places. the polish sausage is great tooo.if you are looking for a true midwest flavor, this is it!
5	Ever been to Weiner Circle (or any hot dog shack in Chicago for that matter!)? If you have, you'll know what to expect from this joint. Dogs are Chicago style all the freaking way. The veggies, the celery salt, Vienna Beef, LOVE IT ! Italian beef sandwich is equally delicious. The tables are dingy, the employees are rude (but in that charming Chicago food shack sort of way), but for a trip back to Chicago in Henderson, NV I can think of no better place ! PS - Don't be a dumbass like me and ask if they carry celery salt. You will get publicly humiliated !
3	Okay.....first of all......whoever put "dressy" in the description was being totally ironic. I drove by this place a couple of times and thought......"hmmmmm....that's a dinky little place." During this last visit to Henderson, I decided to Yelp what's good in the area.....and lo and behold.....this sucker popped up. I called the place to make sure it was open because some yelpers suggested this place has funky hours. Anywho......the man said it was open till "a quarter to 7 on Saturdays" We ordered the Italian Beef and the Hot Dog. The basic dog comes with mustard, pickle, hot peppers, and onions. I'm a wuss when it comes to hot spicy things so I spit it out and soon as it hit my mouth. (I'm usually not a spitter) But the dog was delicious! The Italian beef was great......I know some of you are going to hate me for this but I think if I added kethup to it......it would be better. It's a stand so expect to roast with the outside cockroaches waiting for your order. :)
5	This place is definitely a dive. It's a little shack with three benchs outside. Inside work the hotdog Nazi's.  That's the charm of Hot Dog Heaven.  I recommend the polish with grilled onions, italian sausage, or beef sandwich. And the fries are really good as well.No credit cards though.
4	This is probably the best Chicago dog in the Vegas area. And it's got all the charm you expect from a hot dog place.This is a little roadside hut where you order at the window and eat on outside tables. The staff are awesome and very reminiscent of the attitude and friendliness you get at such a place in Chicago.The Chicago dog is just as it should be - Vienna Beef with all of the classic toppings. Quick and delicious.The chili dog is pretty darn good too. Though, personally, I always opt for experiencing the chili via the fries.
5	The food is great, especially the italian beef. It is the characters behind the counter that make the experience complete. If you are overly sensitive and are wound around the axle with customer service, you are going to have a bad time. A few things to keep in mind when going to eat here.1. Know what you want before you get to the window. If you waste their time asking if they have hot dogs, you will be insulted.2. None of what they say should you take personally. Most of the time if they make some offhand remark it is to either get a rise out you or they are gauging to see if you can verbally play.3. You are eating at a roadside shack, not the four seasons.This place has been around for more than 10 years for a reason.
5	Just like Chicago! A dumpy shack with screwball staff and the best tasting dogs and cheese fries! You could skip the cheese on the fries, but that just means you're not from Chicago. If the staff gives you a hard time, it's part of the schtick and adds a Chicago feel. If they give you a hard time, don't be afraid to talk back... It's a Chicago thing. If you want smiles, high fives and crappy food (west coast thing) head on over to wiener schnitzel or Pinks and enjoy your mystery dog with government chez whiz.....
4	Atmosphere: Outdoor carryout window. Wonderful on a gorgeous day, better take it back to your car on a terrible one. Not really a parking lot to speak of so you'll have to park on the side street. Guys who work there are hilarious and friendly. Food: I had the Italian Beef. It was amazing. A little on the greasy side, but the giardiniera was awesome. The beef was tender and juicy. It was everything I'd expect an Italian Beef to be. We also had the chili cheese fries. Reminded me of the chili I get back home in Michigan. Creamy but spicy. Totally worth the drive across the city for me.
4	All hail the Chicago dog.  Loaded with yellow mustard, chopped white onions, neon-green sweet pickle relish, a dill pickle spear, tomato slices, pickled sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt, it is the Lord of the kingdom of hot dogs.  It's seriously the pinnacle of hot dog cuisine.  Every time I make it to Chicago, I go out of my way to hit a legendary hot dog stand and order one.But we're a long way from the Windy City here in the desert, and I believed the Chicago dog just simply didn't exist in this environment (legend has it that free-range neon-green relish needs to roam frozen streets with -20 below windchill to maintain its florescent hue).  But Vegas seems to be catching on to the forgotten childhood joy that is the hot dog.  And the Chicago-natives that run Hot Dog Heaven are offering up a perfect Chicago dog out in Hender-tucky (on Lake Mead Road in old Henderson).  Chicago dog not your style?  They do a solid job with chili and cheese on a hot dog as well (or fries for that matter).  Basically, Hot Dog Heaven is a really good hot dog stand.  How good?  Well, I love the hot dogs here so much that I'm willing to deal with the gruff . . . rather dickish customer service.  Yeah, they're not newcomer friendly and tend to rush people ordering.  So if you go, know what you want to order before you get to the Order Window or they can be real jerks. That warning aside, this is the place to go in the valley if you have a classic hot dog craving.  I give them 5 stars for the quality of their hot dogs, minus one star for their customer service failings.
4	Dropped into the heaven on lunch break with my buddy Tony.  Both of us are from the Chicago area so we were starry eyed walking up to the window to order at this streetside hut.The order taker will serve you up a dose of all in good fun attitute to go along with your lunch.  You better leave a tip or he will have something to say about it...and you better leave enough of a tip or he will say something about that too.  Tony went for a chili cheese dog and an italian beef sandwich and a medium drink ($13.06)I went for a vienna hot dog, chili cheese fries and a medium drink ($9.33)Everything is served wrapped in paper and stuffed in a brown paper bag.  There are 3 rusty tables to sit at on picturesque east lake mead blvd.  The food was really good.  The italian beef was dripping out delicious juiciness.  The chicago dog was piled with toppings including two pickles an a sesame seed roll.  The chili cheese fries were excellent and HUGE!  We couldn't even finish them.  Fork definitely required for these fries!All in all, very good.  I would say it is a bit pricey for a hot dog roadside hut but not too pricey for the portion and food....
5	Great Italian Beef sandwich in the middle of the Vegas desert...don't get the hot dog..it's fine, but not the Italian Beef.  This place has the complete experience...a grumpy cashier who manages his screen-window like a guillotine...pulling it up just long enough to take your cash and drop your food on the counter.  He once settled an argument my brother and I were having about "what's in your pickle relish" with a one word answer..."pickles"....and if you've ever been there, you'll be familiar with this little welcome: "NEXT!!"
1	Was in the area one morning and i have always wanted to try this place because it just looked like a good old fashioned hot dog stand. When i walked up to the window i could smell the hot dogs and see everything out like they were open.  We saw a man inside reading something, we asked if we could order and he said they dont open for 5 minutes and looks back down. he was rude and ruined my desire for even wanting to go back. if he would of said the food would be ready in a minute or something to that extent i would of waited, but he seemed like he could careless I came to his business. Go to Coney Island right around the corner on water st.
3	Insulting your customers is one of the charming attributes of this stand. If I had to sit in a shack out out in the Vegas heat, I would probably be indignant as well. It was enjoyable to watch the banter between the regulars and the workers. Yes, that's right, you get lunch and a show.I am surprised that the guest were not as fiesty, because you either have to stand at the counter or sit at one of the two metal picnic tables outside IN THE HEAT. Today's order was the all beef hot dog with the works ($3.02). It is fundamentally a Chicago dog containing mustard, neon green relish, hot peppers, tomato slices, and a pickle spear. They used Vienna Hot Dogs which is a plus, but I was not completely impressed.
4	Good stuff. Ordering can be a little awkward sometimes, but the food is worth it. Love the polish sausage with sport peppers and grilled onions. The fries are crisp and tasty too.
1	The hotdogs are okay, pricing isn't bad, but the guy that was serving me was a douche! I've been to places where the food was good enough to overlook the service... this isn't one of them!
5	This is the BEST place in Henderson/Green Valley to get a Chicago Dog or beef.  They only have a few outdoor tables, it is walk up only, but you will not find a cheaper dog or beef on this side of town.  A MUST VISIT place if you are a dog or beef lover....
5	Excellent Dogs and Beefs. That's all that matters. To those crying about the "rudeness", grow a couple and come back when you're older.
3	Good hot dogs. Shared the all beef Chicago dog and chili dog with hubby and an order of fries. Service was short and curt. I felt like I shouldnt be asking any questions otherwise, NO HOT DOG FOR YOU!!!! LOL!!! Ate in the car as it was boiling hot that day and the benches by the kiosk didn't look inviting at all. Was still a bit hungry after polishing off just half of each dog so ordered another all beef. Yummy! First time I had a Chicago style dog and would go back for a fix in a heart beat, despite the Dog NAZI.
1	The service was terrible. I would go back again because the food was good but would not go back just because of the service.
3	I have never been here before. I loved the simple charm of this place and it's a pure Hot Dog enthusiasts heaven. It's the perfect place to take a break and go get a very good Hot Dog. I had the Maxwell Polish dog. Absolutely delicious! The only reason this place gets a 3 instead of a 5 for me is the portion size of the dog vs. the price. No way that dog is worth almost $5. The $1 Polish dogs at Costco are twice the size and almost as tasty. Bring that price down to at least just under $3 and I would prefer this dog to anything else. Unless you decide to offer slightly better seating and friendlier service. That I don't mind paying extra for.
3	I'd give the food here 5 stars, but the guys are just jerks. I mean, usually I can handle a city attitude. I have like 5 italian uncles. But when I see you be nice and respectful to other customers and rude to me, I am not with that. I use to grub here frequently while working up at Lake Las Vegas. They were never SUPER nice, but I never had a problem. Nor did I really this time. I just noticed the way he was to the 2 old ladies ordering, offering extras and to be put on the mailing list (apparently they are moving) in the mean time he literally tossed my to go bag out the window like I was there to rob him, with not a "here you go" or a "thank you". I want to support this place, but I am just not with bad service. I will be sticking with Chi Town Hustler for my Chicago Dog and Italian Beef!
5	Claims to be original Chicago style food. There claims are spot-on! Sometimes I get the hotdogs and other times I order the Italian roast beef w/sweet peppers. Original Chicago feel all the way down to the owners accent! I stop there at least once a week!
5	Great food, great service.  Everything is made to order.  Just a cool little hot dog stand serving some serious italian beef sandwiches.  Very close to my place so easy to get in and out with no fuss.  Always bring cash.
2	great chicago food uses viena beef or closest to it that we can find. Bad thing is he doesnt accept any other form of payment accept cash.  We usually order the italian beef sandwich with extra mozzarella and a chicago dog and a chili dog. All the food is very good. The service on the other hand is really bad so i suggest if you are already having a bad day do not go here. They practically spit on you while you are paying them to keep them in business. Very rude and if you dont ask for napkins you will not get them. We would eat here a lot more often if the old man at the front was any sort of respectful.
4	CASH ONLY! Good Chicago dog and GREAT Italian beef with sweet peppers!  The Chicago dog had oodles of toppings... almost so much that the flavor of the dog was somewhat lost.  The Italian beef was moist and flavorful!  Would definitely go again!!
5	Food is amazing. Service is entertaining, he is rude but its not malicious.  The Italian beef is my go to and my husband jumps around the hot dog menu. Cash only, there are ATMs on every corner so that's no biggie.
1	We went to hot dog heaven and escaped hellPOOR SERVICECHEAP INGREDIENTS Continuously having attitude to customers, he must hate his life.He even offended the customer in line behind us saying "Everything we have is right there!" After she ordered she came over and said "god that guy was so rude, oh I better not say anything this is the type of place that will poison you"Thing after thing proved a RUDE CLERK. DO NOT VISIT
5	Everything on the menu is great. From the Italian beef sandwich to the dogs. You cant go wrong. The wieners are so good that you will be taking two on at a time by double fistting them. Make sure you bring cash though.
4	I hadn't been to this place in over 12 years so I decided to take hubby to try it out and see if it was still any good. There is no drive-thru, this is a small little building where you walk-up and place your order. If there is actual parking for this place someone let me know because it seems people still just pull up along the curb, hop out and order, get their food then roll out. I just figure the parking situation adds adventure to the experience ha! There is seating right outside of the ordering window which is nice, if mother nature is being nice :)As I walked up to the window I immediately recognized the owner. He is a character for sure! He let me know he was celebrating 18 years in the same location. I told him I had read in the Review Journal a few years back that Celine Dion liked to stop at Hot Dog Heaven for a hot dog on her way home. The owner had an immediate response that had both my husband and myself laughing so hard! I'd repeat what he said, but it might not be appropriate so just trust me it was hilarious or ask yourself next time you stop by! So I ordered a "Vienna All Beef Hot Dog" priced at $2.79 on the menu board, but I was charged $2.89 before taxes. It's only 10 cents, but still the prices should be listed correctly. I asked for mine loaded so it came on a poppy seed bun and had a pickle, onions, tomatoes, sport peppers and true green relish. I asked for the celery salt to be left off.  This hot dog was as good as I remembered it. It really is a simple thing yet hits the spot. I also ordered "Chili Cheese Fries" priced at $4.19 and the chili cheese fries only come in one size unlike the plain fries. The chili cheese fries can easily be shared between 2 or more people. The chili is made from scratch and being a Chicago joint there is no beans in the chili. The chili was pretty good, but not as good as Original Tommy's. The fries are nice and fat so they hold up the chili and cheese nicely. Hubby ordered a "Maxwell Street Style Polish Dog" that was priced on the menu at $4 and some change, yet I was charged $5.19 for it before tax. Look, I really don't mind paying whatever you are charging if it is fair, but it needs to be posted correctly or it is just misleading and people will wonder about shadiness. They serve Coca-Cola here as well Barq's root beer if that is your thing.They only take CA$H MONEY for payment, so stop at a bank or have some cash on you because cash is king at this place.
2	The hot dogs are ok.  Service is terrible.  The cashier got upset because my wife asked for mayonnaise and was rude to her when she asked questions.  Honestly the hotdogs at Costco are better and you don't get attitude.
3	Stopped here for lunch and beat the rush. A long lone formed behind us soon after ordering. There is not designated parking so you will need to park along the street. The owner took out order and he was nice but also interesting lol. He seemed to take pride in what he does and also has a funny sense of humor. So I ordered the maxwell street polish dog. It wasn't bad but not worth over $5. Had I known it would be dipped I would have asked them not to because it just made it a soggy mess. it looked fine until I picked it up and it all fell apart. The bread doesn't hold up well after being dipped like other places I have been to. I would eat it again if it were cheaper in price. I shared an order of chili cheese fries with my wife and they were just ok. It was a big portion so ordering the chili cheese fries alone for the first time could be shocking. The chili had okay flavor but no spice and because it is Chicago chili there were no beans naturally. There is no drive thru you have to walk up and place your order at the window and they only take cash for payment. There are seats and tables near the order window.
4	When it's really hot outside, waiting for food at Hot Dog Heaven can be uncomfortable.  As many yelpers note, it's a little shack across the street from Walgreen's near the corner of Lake Mead Parkway and Boulder Highway.  The good news is that they are usually pretty quick in getting the food out.  So, usually it's not totally terrible.We get just about everything on the menu, my favorite is the Italian beef with hot peppers and mozzarella.  I sometimes get the combo beef with Italian sausage.  This is a huge sandwich that sometimes falls apart, but it's delicious.  The beef is very tender and flavorful, and the sausage adds some nice spice.  You can get hot or sweet peppers, I highly recommend hot.  Goes great with the beef.We also get the hot dogs, both traditional Chicago dogs and chili dogs with the works.  Both are around $3.50-$4.  The chili is also excellent on French fries.  Keep in mind the chili cheese fries are ENORMOUS.  Easily enough to share.  The polish sausage with grilled onions and mustard is another winner, thick and juicy sausage.  The employees are known to be "mean," but I would call them gruff at times.  There are a couple that are pretty friendly and funny.  It's a nonissue for me, just know what you want when you get up there.  When the weather's nice, stick around and eat on the picnic tables.  Overall, the food is great.
4	I love Hot Dog Heaven 'cause they are a mom and pop shop with excellent food! Just writing this makes me crave one of their cheese dogs. Everything I've ordered from here is tasty. From the good old Chicago Dog to the Chili Cheese Fries you can't go wrong! The poppy seed bun is moist and perfect. If you want authentic Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef you will not be disappointed.Make sure you bring cash because they do not take plastic. They are a walk up style place and have a couple tables outside or you can eat at the counter. If your craving a hot dog check this place out! Its a rare gem in Henderson!
3	I had the beef sandwich, it was HUGE!!!! very good, but too big for me!  The cheese fries were good as well.  They do take a rather long time to make the food, so they do let you call in ahead of time so you dont have to wait so long... OUT SIDE!
1	Vienna dogs with everything on them - 3 stars - nothing to write home about. In fact too small for their $3 price.  French fries were better than most. - 4 stars. However. The owner's angry berating foul mouth cursing of a person who sat at one of the three tables who had not yet purchased a hot dog really soured the experience. This was done as he yelled past me, over my shoulder while I am at the window to order - priceless. No amount of great food or great former reputation can make up for their inhospitable unbelievably terrible bungling of this situation. Turned out others in the shack new the guy. That guy and my guests and myself will never be back to Hamburger HELL,
2	Man where do I start? Let's go with why we show up, the food. And it's is pretty amazing. The dogs are all pretty good. Call me crazy I don't try anything else because it's a hot dog stand. The fries. Pretty amazing. Nice and warm, just the right amount of salt and they come in a paper sack. So essentially it's like a starch edible mickeys malt liquor. I've tried all of the dogs and they are amazing. The buns are always moist and warm. And that's why we all come for the amazing good. Now let's get to the yang to their yin. Every employee there is a jerk. Never once have I dropped in and had anyone ever be even the slightest bit polite. I asked for a refill on my drink today and was charged a dollar. Ok no harm no foul they are not corporate I get it. I hand over a bill and the guy behind the counter pockets it! Wow not only was he  a poor excuse for customer service but he juiced me for a dollar then skims it! But hey look this is a mom and pop old school hot dog walk up stand. So I'm enjoying my fries and dog and I realize I was given 2 napkins and I had used them. I went to ask for more and was given 1 hahahaha this is how they roll. I had to plead my case for more than 1!So let's sum this up. Good food this place never misses, drop in and have a dog. Cash only they are pretty old school about that. Don't expect a red carpet to be rolled out or maybe even a burlap sack the  way these guys treat their customers. But it's honestly an experience. It's almost like Dicks last resort meets local hot dog stand but they don't get paid to be jerks, they just really are jerks. So go have a dog and a laugh if you can deal with a guy being angry for you showing up!
3	He's like the soup nazi on Seinfeld he's rude to the customers but they keep coming back for the food, I get the italian beef with mozzarella, he charges 50 cents for refills it cost 3 pennies cheapskate only on the strip you can get away with charging drink refills
5	The Vienna beef loaded dog is so damn good; filled with relish, onions, chunks of tomato and a full pickle on top, all wrapped in a poppy seed bun...delicious! And fresh, hot fries. Not over salted either. I definitely recommend hitting this spot up if you're driving through SE Las Vegas for lunch.
4	Everyone's mentioning the surly man taking your order so yeah, don't expect a teenager hopped up caffeine to take your money but the food is good and freshly made. Vienna dog, fries, and a coke cost me around $7.50 and I licked my fingers after. Go there and take cash with you.
4	Ok, the guy was gruff, but not mean. Growing up in Chicago I know italian beef and the one I had today was it! Cash is king, no cards accepted.  I believe I will be back tomorrow.
5	I would just redundant to all the other reviews that said that this is the best hot dog stand around. It is an Icon of the Henderson area. Very simple always busy., but always good. Great place to stop on way to Lake Mead or if you have family at hospital across from here. Get your order in your head before you step to the window. It is busy and they don't have time for you to make up your mind. Enjoy it is a must stop if your in Hendo.
5	Loved the guy taking our order - don't change, man!  Loved the Italian beef sandwich even more!!!  It was sloppy, juice, fiery (hot peppers), and freakin' dreamy as far as sandwiches go. Can't believe I passed this place up for the past 5 years - I missed out. I'm coming back and bringing hungry friends soon!
1	I don't know of the guy was having a bad day, but today the bald guy with glasses didn't like that I gave him a $20 and he tossed my change down at me and it flew all over.  I asked him if I did something wrong by giving him a $20, like 3 more people after me did also, and he says "No, that's the just the way I am, have a nice day!" And he turns around to ignore me.I don't care how good the food is there, I'll never spend another dime at that stand. He was shaking his head at me in disgust because I didn't have anything smaller than a $20.  They had an AM installed outside too. Guess what denomination it gives out?? Cash only businesses should know they have to MAKE CHANGE.  It's not my fault you weren't prepared.  Customer lost.  And the Fire Dog was way overcooked.
4	Love this place for their awesome Beef Hot Dog w/ everything & the chili cheese fries are something you'll crave
4	Never mind the grumpy man taking your order - that's all part of the experience!The hot dogs are worth the wait (usually 10-15 minutes), but I warn you: they are regular-sized hot dogs - like you would cook at home.  Therefore, I suggest you order two of whatever you're going to eat or change it up and order one of each!The Vienna hot dog was excellent with peppers that had just enough kick and didn't leave you looking for the nearest fire hydrant.  I also had the cheese fries which is basically fries in Velveeta cheese.  Nothing crazy there, I guess.I don't usually frequent this area, but when I'm there - I'm here... if you know what I mean.
2	I went to this place twice, the first time someone grumpily told me that they were not open yet (I thought it was close to noon, maybe I was wrong, but it didn't matter, I do not like to be talked to in that manner).  The second time was on July 14th, 2014.  There were several people eating and cars were parked on the side street and I had to park and walk about 1/2 a block back to the business.  An older man took my order.  I asked if their Chili was homemade.  He assured me it was.  I ordered a Coney  with mustard and onion, and a hot dog with mustard and onion.  The Coney and hot dog were rather small and the Chili was the same as Hormel canned chili.  I have eaten hot dogs and Coney's all over the U.S, in about every state I've been in.   This Coney as about as generic, as they come, and if the sauce was homemade, he must have added water to the canned chili to make it so.  The hot dog was average with nothing to make it special or any different than you'd get at a convenience store.  The bill was $7.00.  I do not know about other sandwiches that they serve, so I can't comment on them, only on what I ate.  I would suggest, if you eat at this place, order something other than Coney's and hot dogs as they were disappointing, and do not be surprised, if you are  treated gruffly.
5	Good, simple, straight forward food. The hotdogs are normal size (like you'd make at home), so some people may want to order two. They only except cash, so be prepared, although there is an ATM on site. The maxwell street style polish sausage was awesome!
5	The service is a bit surly but if you grew up in chicago like I did, it's pretty normal...we are slammed, let's get to it....type of service. Do you want your food quickly and correctly or lip service? I vote for the food. Best Chicago style Italian beef and cheese fries in Vegas. If you aren't a sensitive liberal whimp, you'll love the food and experience.
2	Checked this place out after several times passing it by in the last month and after reading reviews. It was alright. Definitely nothing overly special. The prices are too high for such a small dog and sausage. For the price, I thought I was going to get the chicago real deal BIG dog and sauasage but nah... I didnt.i wont return.
4	Easily the best Chicago hot dogs in the henderson area. Nothing around really compares. Had a lot of items from here and everything is always fresh and the service is great! You can't go wrong with the Chicago Hot dog!
4	Let's begin with the good. GREAT hotdogs. Love the Chicago style. The chili cheese is also pretty awesome. But other than the awesome food, there are a few negatives that honestly don't really matter much which is why I am only taking back one star. They don't package the hot dogs well if you are placing a large order so be sure to request to have them separated and not all shoved into one bag which will smash all the hot dogs at the bottom :-/ Location, location, location! Horrible. Worst accessibility ever. No parking available, you must pull up to the curb around the corner. On the brink of a ghetto neighborhood. Also, this is a family owned business, and the guys who run it are sort of ... welp, rude haha. Very loud and sort of bluntly raw. Like you are really IN Chicago. Other than that, the food is really cheap and great tasting so I guess that's really what the review boils down to.
4	Old School Hot Dog Stand. The staff was very helpful when ordering. The sausage dog was really good. Fries were great. A pleasant experience all around.
5	Still my favorite place in town for a beef and a dog.  The prices went up a little since my last visit but it is still very reasonable for a dog and a beef.  Not just the food, but the staff working there are down to earth good guys who are working hard to survive.  Yes he has attitude but if you had to sit in that little place everyday all day when its open and deal with all the people you have to deal with, ITS a Chicago from the City attitude.  He means well and works hard and deserves to be recognized for all his hard work and bringing an awesome part of Chicago to the Las Vegas valley.
2	If you can deal with the bald guy with the glasses (I believe he's the owner) attitude it's a decent dog. I thought maybe the first time he was having a bad day but after the third time I realized no he's just an (hate to say it) asshole.
4	This is one of the best hot dogs I have ever had. They have great food
