3	Pretty good Indian cuisine!  The service was excellent; our waiter was very attentive with water and checking up on us.  The food was a tad-bit over-priced for what it is.  It was excellent, however.  There are many vegetarian dishes.  My personal favorite is the Malai Kofta.  I also ordered a fried cheese appetizer, and it was very good, though it came out after my entre.  The place is a little bit slow too, though not due to staff.  I think the problem may be a slower kitchen.  Everything tasted fresh and delicious!  I used my Entertainment book discount for a buy one, get one entre, and I would come back!
5	I went back to India Gate recently and was delighted!  I swear the taste and quality of everything has improved, as has the service.  Our servers were all very attentive, though not pushy.  Everything was excellent; my party ate every last bite.  I think the prices may have been reduced, though I'm not certain.  I ordered the same: Paneer Pakora (fried cheese appetizer I highly recommend) and Malai Kofta.  Both are outstanding!  I will be back!  My new favorite Indian cuisine in Chandler!
4	Only been there a couple of times, but the food has been consistently good.  Not great but good.  Prices were reasonable and the staff has been attentive.  Worth giving it a shot.
1	I was on a date with my daughter, dammit.  Here's how it works:  every other Wednesday each of us takes a daughter out to dinner.  That way we get to have dinner with each of our daughters once a month.  It's a great opportunity to check in -- hopefully they will open up at some point.  Anyway, this time my oldest picked Indian.  I was thrilled.  Usually they both pick Chinese and, much as I like it, it does get tiresome.Meanwhile, back at the review, we ordered the meat appetizer.  This had a couple kinds of chicken, a meat samosa and lamb kabob.  It was fine, not bad, not brilliant.  My daughter got chicken tikka masala, her favorite.  I tried a ginger kabob at the waiter's suggestion.  These, too, were fine.  No fine dining but not bad.  At this point I didn't realize that they nickel and dime you so I was still oblivious as to what this mediocre food was going to cost me.Then we went to the bathroom.  We were nearly done and my daughter asked me to accompany her.  That's where we saw it -- the cockroach.  It was easily an inch long before you got to the antenna.  To be fair it was dead.  But at some point it had been alive and had had plenty of time to grow oddly large.  Now I realize that I'm new to PHX and there are palmetto bugs here but I used to live in an old brownstone in the city and I know a cockroach when I see it.  It was right under the empty toilet paper dispenser.I told the waiter that the toilet paper dispenser was empty, hoping that he'd see the roach and know that I saw it.  I paid the bill and left, intent on warning yelpers everywhere.
4	I just recently had my fourth visit to India Gate for the lunch buffet. I must say the place has grown on me. The selection is large and the food is hot and fresh. The lineup changes often for the buffet but usually consists of a couple curries, masala, a chickpea dish and maybe some goat (which I have yet to try)and rice pudding for dessert.  Service isn't always very friendly or outgoing, but it's all very functional and efficient. Naan is refilled quickly and regularly as are the drinks. Take time to enjoy the jamming Indian music that is played. You might catch yourself doing some toe tapping. India Gate is a great place for lunch if you want to give Indian cuisine a try or if you're a regular. I highly recommend.
1	I think this is the worst Indian food I've ever had. Went in there last Wednesday and we were the only people. I should have taken that as a cosmic sign from the universe and back out the door but alas, I decided to go against my woman's intuition and gave it a try. The food looked like they were cooked around Valentine's. The taste wasn't much better. It didn't even taste like Indian in any sense of the word. To add to that, the staff were strangely enamored with my party. It felt like they were literally hovering around our table, eyes wide and beetle-like. I was actually pretty scared now that I think about it. I just smiled and gulped down the meal as quickly as I could and we high-tailed it out of there.
3	This place is good for a quick scoff and run. The food is pretty decent (the Chicken Tikka Masala has never let me down here) although their onion Bhajis need some work and the service is usually prompt and efficient. Don't come for atmosphere though, talk about over lit! It's like eating under the spotlights of an evening sports event.
2	In Phoenix, there are essentially 3 types of Indian restaurants. None of the restaurants in the valley can compare to good ones in real cities but there are some good ones: Royal Taj, Guru Palace, Dehli Palace. Then there are tolerable ones: India Palace, Tandoori Times, Indian Paradise and then there is everything else (places you shouldn't go to).  India Gate is one of these places.I'm Indian and we tend to be picky about which Indian restaurants we eat at. Just like you wont find a Sicilian at the Olive Garden, yoy won't find a Desi at India Gate unless they work at Intel and are too lazy to drive to a decent restaurant.
4	I actually really enjoy this place, and I'm kind of a brat about Indian food. The food isn't the best ever, by any means, but it's always been pretty damn good. The service has always been attentive, friendly and lighthearted- they always make sure that we have a good time. I've never been to their buffet (buffets make me nervous at restaurants where that's not ALL that they do) so I can't comment on the quality there, but my dinners have always seemed fresh and high quality. The ambience is nice and I, personally, found the lighting to be at a nice dim level. The price is good too. A great place to take first timers who are afraid of Indian food.
4	Their lunch buffet is rockin'. Since we were practically the only ones there on a Tuesday, I asked him to spice it up on the dishes and they did! Everything was delicious! The reason I'm not giving India Gate 5 stars is because they're a bit over priced for most Indian food places in town by like 2 dollars on their main dishes, but other than that great food and excellent service.
4	I've always been a big fan of Indian food, but as a newbie to the Valley, I wasn't quite sure where to get my vegetable korma fix. I mentioned this in passing to one of my coworkers, and he emphatically suggested India Gate, saying it was the best Indian food he has had in Valley, even after conducting a lengthy but informal taste test of the Valley's other Indian offerings. He then warned me that it would look like a hole-in-the-wall, with a secluded location within a Chandler shopping center. So, when I had a particularly powerful hankering for Indian food one night, I decided to make the trip from north Tempe to west Chandler to check out this place once and for all.  And I wasn't disappointed. This is, indeed, a gem of a restaurant.  I decided on the bhindi masala, which is okra cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices. I am a big fan of okra, which, sadly, doesn't seem to make it onto many restaurant menus. My dish was incredibly flavorful and one of the most memorable of the year. I have since returned to try India Gate's malai kofta (vegetable dumplings in an incredible cheese sauce,  vegetable korma,  veggie fried rice, bengan bharta and samosas. Everything has proved to be delicious.However, the restaurant is not without its drawbacks. The service I've received has been awkward at best, if not a touch rude. Also, many on the serving staff speak with thick Indian accents that I found hard to understand. Once, I even received the garlic naan instead of the plain naan because I couldn't understand my waiter when he was repeating my order back to me. For some, I realize that would be a pretty cool mistake, but garlic gives me heartburn surely invented by El Diablo himself. I would go here even more often if it weren't for the communication barrier.Like my coworker, I highly recommend this place as one of the Valley's tastiest., even when considering the less than desirable service I've received there. It's a particularly great place for take-out; there's even a coupon for 15 percent off take-out orders on its website.
3	Last week I had this mad hankering for some Indian food and I thought I would give the India Gate a try since it's right down the street from my office.  It's a pretty typical Indian buffet; they have Indian rice, chicken curry, chicken tandoori, ground lamb, and enough vegetables to satisfy any of your vegan friends looking for a buffet.  I went as soon as they opened at 11:00 and everything was hot and fresh.  Service was decent, I didn't understand a word they said but they brought me naan without requesting it and kept my water glass full.  I wouldn't say this place blew my skirt up or would win any awards, but if you are looking for a quick scoot in and scoot out for some Indian food, it will suffice.  Quick tip: go out to their website to get the coupon for the lunch buffet before you go.
3	I tried the lunch buffet here today.  It wasn't bad, and it was better than an Indian place I tried in Ahwatukee two weeks ago.  The rice, Dahl, Garlic naan, and ground lamb were all good.  The Chicken korma was a bit bland for my taste and the sauce was pretty thin.  The pakoora was a little tough as was the gulab jamin.  Overall, not bad, I would eat here again, but I will continue to search for a better indian place in the East Valley.  The lunch buffet was $10.91 with tax, service was decent.c
4	I was staaarving today at lunchtime so when my husband suggested the Indian buffet, I was so down! Everything was really good, I haven't had vegetable pakoras in years, so yummy. The only thing I'd say was lacking is the decor. The first room you walk into is fine, but then there is another huge room, that's half empty. It's kinda weird. I'm happy to hear that they are going to start offering a dinner buffet starting in September. The waiter also said that the dinner buffet will offer more variety that lunch, including some seafood. YAY.
3	The review is for the buffet only. I visit often since it is near my workplace.The food is just all right but lacks the variety. I wish they add a few more dishes (like seafood or lamb) rather than those tasteless sweets.
4	Very good food, great service.
4	I'm still on a buffet binge and Indian food sounded like a nice change of pace.  After driving around "the hood" aka the 24th St. and Thomas area after a meeting today, I was unable to find a suitable buffet.  So, I headed back to Chandler.  I thought I remembered driving by an Indian restaurant on Chandler Blvd. at one point and was pleasantly surprised when I found India Gate.The atmosphere is sort of cozy ethnic,and  reminds me of the Bay Area .  I was seated quickly and I thought the service was friendly considering the language barrier.  I was impressed by the selections on the lunch buffet and thoroughly enjoyed everything I tried.  The food was hot, fresh and with what appeared to be good quality meat (tried lamb curry and chicken vindaloo) and the heat factor was moderate.  The best part about the meal with the garlic naan....pure carb heaven.   It's $9.99 which is somewhat higher than some other buffets at lunch, but I felt the overall experience was well worth it.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food10 Service7 Atmosphere6 ValueFor me, when it's time for Indian, it's India Gate vs. Cafe Krishna.  India Gate has superior service, meat, and alcohol.  Cafe Krishna has a better atmosphere, better desserts (more cardamom, which I love), and is a much better bang for your buck.  So it's tough.  I do prefer Krishna a little more b/c i really dislike Gate's golden mirrored surroundings and love cardamom.  Though I also like Gate's Indian wines and super attentive service.  Though Krishna is a little cheaper....  dammit!  So basically I just go back and forth.
4	This is the second time we visited India Gate. The service was as good as the last time we were there. The waiters are attentive and friendly, willing to explain in detail what and how each dishes were made (for those of us who has no idea what some of the items are on the menu)Cozy place to have a nice meal, reasonable price.
3	I went here for dinner and only got the buffet because I couldn't decide what to order off the menu. I really enjoyed the chicken tikka masala. I like mildly spicy food and this was perfect. The rest of the food was kind of bland. The dinner buffet was $10.99; I think that is reasonably priced but it was the first Indian buffet I've ever had so I can't compare. The service was outstanding.
2	Dropped into this large Indian Buffet restaurant for lunch today.  The Naan bread was seasoned & burnt just a little (that's good, not bad) & sliced nicely.  Over at the serving table was the usual (simple) Indian salad, & then it was on to the hot trays.  The meat dishes were Chicken Curry, Tandoori Chicken, & Keema Matter (lamburger).  Then there was the usual spinich, potatoes, ground carrots, & a couple of other things.  Overall, the weekday lunch selection was a little sparse, the food a little salty (even for me!), the seating less than ideal (no booths), & Indian music was playing too loudly.On a positive note, there was some good Rasmalai.  This is a dessert of homemade cottage cheese balls with bits of pistachios in it, floating in a cream sauce.Lunch Buffet:  7 days $9.99.  (More food selections on Sat. & Sun.)Dinner Buffet:  $10.99.  (More food selections than weekday lunch.)Regular menu also available, as well as "to-go" from either the menu or the buffet, & there's a full bar  There's also a banquet room with a small stage & a dance floor.
2	I didn't want to write a review for this place because my husband loves it and I love my husband. However after a recent dose of South Asian food in New York we believe that Phoenix has a lot of catching-up to do. The more we condone the production of greasy fare on dirty plates the more we fall behind. Pull up your socks buddies because soon my newly educated husband will also fall off your patron-list!
4	I went to India Gate with my boyfriend and had a great experience. The interior design was pleasant, the music was energetic, and the servers were extremely nice and helpful. We ordered paneer pakora as our appetizer and cheese naan. Both were undoubtedly delicious. For drinks, my boyfriend ordered the Merlot while I got the Cabernet Shiraz Indian wine they offered. The Indian wine was a real treat and the Merlot wasn't too bad itself. I don't remember exactly what my boyfriend got for his main dish but it contained shrimp and he loved it. My main course was the vegetarian dinner: Soup, two curries, daal maharani, rice, raita, naan, and kheer. While everything tasted perfect, my favourite was definitely the vegetable soup which consisted of lentils, numerous vegetables, and just the right amount of spices and herbs.
1	Unfortunately, the trip to India gate restaurant in chandler was a waste of time. The only good thing was that we had a buy one get one free coupon. The staff stood at the bar and stared the entire meal. They even brought us items off of the buffet... and we didn't order the buffet. i expected my food to be freshly prepared... all of it. even the naan. Maybe we hit them on a bad night. None-the-less, we wont be back.
4	This is like the 4th Indian food review I'm writing in one night...So, I'll make a rubric:for the buffet:Naan: indian food staple - 5 starTandoori chicken: another indian food staple - 5 starcurry selection: bleh, i'm a little picky, it was a decent selection -3 stardesserts: decent selection, gulab jamun was good, not a fan of the other stuff - 4starservice: goodby the way, i just made the cardinal sin of referring to curry as 'curry'. there is no such thing. qorma, tikka, salan, etc are all your 'curry' dishes, but they are all very different and using those words makes it much more apparent as to what you can expect from the sauce.decent indian food if you're in AZ. the search continues for some indian food that compares to the stuff you get in cali.
3	I honestly expected it to be a sad imitation of Indian food in Arizona, and I was wrong! The decor was definitely Indian, the service was friendly, and overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the aesthetic authenticity of the place. I had their $10.99 buffet, and thought it was really pretty good, but my Indian friends pointed out that it was clearly sub-par, and not made from scratch. I pointed out that it was only 11 dollars, and all-you-can-eat, and we called it even. They had a good selection of different foods, a TV playing the basketball game that was big enough to see, but placed in such a way that it didn't demand attention or take away from the dining.Honestly, if this place were located in India, it'd be fast food. In a more diverse state, like California or New York, it'd only garner a 2-Star rating. But in Arizona, where Indian food is more scarce than rain, it's a solid 3 stars. I came in and had a good meal for less than 15 dollars, and left.Solid in every respect, and it apparently has all 12 Indian people who live in the state in its employ for added authenticity. I kinda wish the prices were lower, but this ended up working for me. As an analogy, it's like the El Torito of Indian food. Not as good as it would be if it were made from scratch, or with better ingredients, but clearly a step up from Del Taco. I left feeling alright with everything. Not great, but not underwhelmed, either. If you're in the area, and desperate for Indian food (or if your friends want to eat at the nearby Heart Attack Grill, and you can't stomach the place,) this is a good standby restaurant. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there, but I wouldn't necessarily avoid it.
4	Delicious great  food accepts restaurant.com coupons but you really don't need them as the prices are quite reasonable.
4	It was pretty good. But I dont know much about Indian food. It was better than the only other place I've been too which had dirty grey chicken in its dishes. Taste was good.
5	We've been to many Indian food spots in the past but this is by far our favorite. The food is always on point and we are always greeted with a smile.
4	Been in for the buffet twice.  Nice selection of food.  Price is good and naan is delicious.  Great service each time we visit.
5	I enjoy the lunch buffet here, not a huge selection but enough to make me very full. Great naan bread.
4	good food overall, $10 for lunch is over my budget but the naan rocks (garlic and parsley flecks) our 4y/o ate free! good stuff
4	Pretty decent Indian at a good price.  Garlic naan was very good as was the Chicken curry and Tandoori chicken.  Desserts were pretty decent as were the saag paneer, malai kofta and beef vindaloo.  Can't beat the $8 weekday lunch buffet price which includes masala tea.
2	Lamb was tough, chicken was dry, the sauces were too oily.  Decently flavored sauces and the soup was very nice, but I won't be back.
4	Ah very good. I love the biriyani with lamb and chicken.....Lamb curry wasn't bad either. The garlic naan was on par. Oh also it seems they have shrimp and beef curry.....nomnomnomnom. Wait I thought the cow was holly.....nomnomnomnom.
4	I'm starting to get the hang of Indian food, and as George Costanza would say: "I'm Loving It !".  So when a friend suggested an Indian buffet, I was all over it.  India Gate is great, not pretentious or over the top, with a good sized menu, oh but I didn't want the menu Georgie, I wanted the buffet.It had all of my favorites like palak paneer and matter paneer, plus some new favorites like the minced lamb and green chutney.I love their lunch buffet and stop by at least twice a month, but I was unimpressed with the lamb vindaloo entree from the menu. The lamb was tough and had gristle. Boo Gristle... Hooray Beer!
5	Let's see, yummy , yummy, yummy and , yummy.  What else can I say.  I'm a sucker for Indian food and this place did not disappoint.
4	Indian food.Lunch Buffet.Rice pudding.Nuff said.
5	Go here for sure!If you like Indian food then India Gate in Chandler is a sure stop. They have a daily lunch buffet and dinner buffet on the weekend. They also provide a menu from which to order.My husband and I love to eat here ...we usually opt for the dinner buffet as it makes for an instant dinner and it is very reasonably priced. Also the food is really flavorful and delicious!The always have a variety of non-vegetarian and vegetarian dishes available which is really convenient as I lean towards a vegetarian diet whenever I have the option. My husband - a born carnivore - prefers the complete opposite.The service has always been very apt and we have only had good experiences at this restaurant. I know that another India Gate was planned to open at the corner of Higley and Baseline Rd.
3	Before dining here, I had never tried Indian cuisine before, so I was very excited to try this place out with my boyfriend (whose an Indian food lover!) We went on a Friday night and the place was calm. Rather cute little place actually. I ordered the Chicken Korma with rice and naan bread, my boyfriend and I both thought it was all delicious but I don't think I will be going back anytime soon. The service was poop, They have a TV in the eating area that seemed to reeeeally be distracting the waiter, because he was so spaced out the entire time, this lady (wife of the owner, maybe?) Kept dashing around yapping on her phone, and the fella behind the bar kept staring when we were obviously done with our meal and were waiting patiently for someone to come by. Eventually he came by and brought us our check, but It was a very awkward atmosphere in general, which is a shame because the food was very good.  Guess it's fine, because I tried making Indian food this weekend and it was a success! I even made naan bread. Yum.
5	Very good lunch specials! I went here for dinner and had a great meal. I will definitely come back to try some more new, delicious meals.
5	Delicious Indian food buffet! What more can I say? It's affordable and the service was nice too.
5	I love Indian food but this place just sets the bar...I've tried several similar locations in town, but this place is the best in my opinion. Their garlic nan is well seasoned and just the right texture, their lamb curry has great flavor without letting the heat do all the work and their dinner sampler selection is lovely. Each side dish on the platter was great to sample. Their tables are small and cozy and they also feature a buffet though me and the hubby chose to just dine-in with service. This place is a must try. Also, Groupon featured these guys for a great deal which made the experience thrifty as well as tasty ;)
1	This restaurant is steadily declining. Been a long time customer (10 plus years). The service and the selection is dwindling. The meat is not fresh or it's over cooked. I  purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate, and they refused to honor it accordingly AND assessed an automatic 18% gratuity to the bill. (I did the buffet. PLEASE!) I won't be returning to this restaurant again. You shouldn't either.
2	We got a groupon deal and decided to try out this place. I went on a Sunday. There are on one other table beside us. We thought that is not a good sign. I ordered lamb. It was good, but not fantasy. When the bill come, it was a little more expensive than I thought. Oh, I forgot to mentioned their dish doesn't come with rice or bread. I have been eating Asian food all the time. What kind of Asian dish doesn't come with rice. I will not return even with groupon.
2	Food was good. That being said, the service was so bad it was uncomfortable. The waiter didn't so much as nod at us, rather just came to stand at our table and stare at us. We, assuming he wanted to take our order, gave it, and he grunted and walked away. That's as much communication as we got the whole time, no lie.  We won't be back.
3	This place is a good lunch option. Let me first start of by saying I have only been there for lunch a few times and never dinner. The buffet had some good choices but not so good variety. The taste however was more then there. The spice was just how I like it. The nann was very good and what you would expect. Price is reasonable and competitive. Service was good
3	Atmosphere was good. Service was good. That's about all. They are pricy ($40 for two people and small portions) and they either overcharged or charge for all parts of the meal (ie rice). All in all, won't be going back.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =This Buffet hasn't "MOVED"!  it folded!  it closed!  Kaput!     :-OTaj Indian Cuisine now lives at this address & it's ok.     :-)
3	Decent buffet, chicken can sometimes be dry. I like the way they make their naan
