3	I had the #3 Steak Kebab sans lettuce for $9.13. They gave me a drink and a few fries along with the kebab in the pita. They pile in a massive amount  of the steak cubes garnished with onions, tomatoes and this sauce. I didn't really care for the sauce and will have to try this without the sauce. This is a comfortable place indoors with nice wooden tables and chairs. There is limited outdoor seating.
4	I really enjoyed Greek Pita.  It's a really cute, exceptionally clean space with an open kitchen.  We tried the gyro sandwich, falafel and baba ganoush and enjoyed everything.  Prices were really, really reasonable.  Can't wait to try some other items!Also the gal working the counter has the coolest eye makeup ever.  That is all. :)
4	This place is great. I love their chicken gyro, as well as the steak. The lady who serves during lunch is helpful and nice. Always clean, and surprising random stuff on the menu.
4	I've been looking for a new place to get a good gyro ever since I moved to the North Valley, and I finally found it! The Greek Pita is amazing all around. Here's a breakdown:The Food: The gyros are to die for! They're piled so high with meat, onions and loads of sauce! Be sure to order your gyros with EVERYTHING. The fries that come with it are pretty tasty too!The Service: The lady up front that takes your order is super cool and very sweet. The wait time for your food is pretty short. I went during a busy Sunday lunch (they were packed) and it was only about 5 minutes and I had my food. The Restaurant: It's really nice inside! Outside, it looks like an everyday Valley strip mall, but inside it's very nice and cozy. The Price: It's about the same here, as it is everywhere else you go to get Greek food. In comparison to Athens Gyros on Northern and 23rd Ave, it IS a little more expensive at Greek Pita. However, you get quite a bit more on your plate with Greek Pita. Overall, this place is a must visit if you're looking for a good Greek place in Happy Valley. I'm giving it four stars, only because it's the best in the North Valley, but I'm not quite convinced it's the best out of the entire Phoenix area.
5	I've been there several times and I don't have any complaints.  We've always gotten our food in a timely manner and it tasted good. Prices are reasonable as well.  I'm no connoisseur of greek food (or any food for that manner) but I did find myself craving a gyro from them on more than one occasion.  I found this place to be much better than another nearby pita establishment.  I'll be going back.
5	Great when you want good food on the go! Love their Greek salad pita with chicken. Two meals under $20 is a bargain these days so I give it a thumbs up!
4	After long debate of where to have lunch, I am glad that I stopped into The Greek Pita.  I had ordered the lamb gyro with everything except onions.  The gyro was loaded with lamb meat and toppings.  The pita was soft and fresh. The Tzatziki sauce  has a nice tang to it.  It tasted light, cool, and creamy.   The total cost was $5.74 + tax.  I left with a very happy belly.
4	I stopped in one afternoon and ordered some baba and a chicken salad. The baba was good, and served with a ton of pita quarters. The salad was good too, except that most of the chicken was burnt. The cashier was pleasant and must be related to the guys doing the cooking. They were giving her a hard time about a male customer who I guessed must come in a lot and she was giving it right back to them! Kinda funny. I will definitely be back for takeout and lunch again while shopping. I will go for the gyro salad next time though.
3	I had a decent gyro and fries.  The baklava was dry and lacking in any specialty.
5	I would recommend this restaurant hands down!The serves is fast!  The food is fresh and very flavorful!!
3	Falafel was like eating sand.  Yes, real sand.  The outside was overly crispy and it reminded me of beach experiences when sand got in my mouth.Falafel plate comes with rice, salad, and pita.... yet no hummus or anything substantial to dip the pita into.  Tahini?  No, not that whole pita into a little plastic ramekin of tahini.  Dry, dry, dry and no relief to be found.  Please, fellow yelper, stick with the falafel sandwich or other value meal.  No need for dry mouth syndrome at a greek pita place.Also it's overpriced.  Falafel plate with soda is just under $12.  If you order hummus to remedy the dry mouth issue then you're bumping up to $16-17 for ONE person.
4	Love their gyro salad - big and yummy! Definitely recommend this place if you want greek on the go - travels well!
4	Love this place.  The gyros can't be beat... and the fries are good too.  It's a tiny little place so it's best to not go at the busy times, like noon on a weekday, because seriously... the line is out the door.
4	The Greek Pita is my choice for kebab when I don't have the time for The Olive Tree Mediterranean Market (it's more fast food oriented).  To date I've only ordered the Kefta kebab, plate and sandwich, and the fish and chips.  All have been very good, but my recommendation would be the Kefta sandwich.  Be sure to ask for the Greek hot sauce, it's fantastic.
5	Outside of NYC street cart pita, this is the next best thing. Loaded with meat, free refills, and an excellent environment. Staff friendly - though i wish they would start a loyalty card - this is the ONLY place i have pita in AZ. Sub the fries for their rice in the combo meal. A little more expensive than other places, but you pay the premium for the better food.PLUS, when you are done, you can walk it off at Lowes, across the street.
5	My friends and I come here all the time!  We recommend the gyros, chicken gyros, steak shwarma, falafel and any salad!  Always friendly, and always busy.  YUM!
1	My and my husband our 5 kids , mom and mother in law  went to this place . We spent over $60 on dinner buying meals , salads , drinks , and a couple of sides , hummus etc... My husband asked if we can have a side of sauce the "  tzatziki " beacuse his  chicken wrap was kinda dry , the Girl said Sure that will be 50 cents ...50 cents what!!! after spending $60 she was chargeing us for a 2 cent sauce , wow so cheap and the food was  dry ....
5	I absolutely love this restaurant!  I go there twice a week at least.  I switch from Chicken Gyro Greek salad and the Steak Schwarma Greek salad, though I do love their lamb and chicken gyros too!. Can't find hummus that tastes like this! It is absolutely wonderful!  I love greek food and have tried so many different places and this place is the BEST!!  Their falafel is fantastic!  So are their pitas, soft and fresh every time. Try their greek fries, yummy! Also, the garlic sauce rules! The staff is wonderful and I just love the cashier!  She knows my name and knows exactly what I order when I walk in or even call.  Price is comparable to every other greek place I've ever been to.
5	This is the nearest Greek restaurant to my apartment and I couldn't be happier with it. My girlfriend (One Review Stephanie) and I often get take out from here when looking to satisfy our gyro cravings. I also recommend the falafel.  It is $2.50 for a side order of four, but they'll even do a half order for only $1.25. Good deal. The serving sizes are very big and the gyros are stuffed to the max with meat. I've tried many of the dishes there and have never been disappointed. It is definitely our go-to place for Greek eats! The Greek Pita also offers many American options as well.
5	I went to this location during the week for lunch and had the #11 Chicken Gyro.  I thought it was kind of over priced when paying but when I saw how much meat was piled on and the large amount of fries, I think it was worth it!  The meat had so much flavor and the onions and sauce were awesome!  Mine was very saucy and not dry at all!  I loved it so much I brought my husband here the following Saturday.  I had the same meal and it was equally as good.  This time I saved half because it was wayyy to much food for 1 meal.  My husband had the #3 Steak Kabob.  Steak chunks were huge and flavorful.  Smaller than the gyros, but just as good.  More authentic Greek and blows Pita Pit and those type places out of the water.  We go to a lot of places in this strip mall and the meals are about the same price as Bajio, Jersey Mikes and Panda Express.  The price is average for the amount of food.  I would like to eat here once a week and try different items.
5	The food here is fantastic.  The ratio of portion to price is superb, and the selections are vast.  Also, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of ingredients.  I'm giving The Greek Pita 5 stars for these reasons, and also because of the cry-baby reviewer who gave this place one star over a 50cents sauce.  Hopefully this will balance the overall rating a bit higher after her unnecessary emotional outburst and 1-star rating. :)
5	Food on both trips was good and freshly made.  Counter service was warm.  They delivered our food table side...rather than the ole' number 16 is ready as they throw it on the counter for you to walk up and fetch.  Portions were good and the food was fantastic.  Price is a bit higher than nearby competitors but worth the differenceUPDATE: This place is now closed :(
5	Food was delicious!  Prices were very good, and the service was fast!
5	I work nearby and visit the Greek Pita for take out lunch.The gyro is DELICIOUS, the service is always very fast and friendly. The woman working the counter is always so sweet. The amount of meat on the gyro is great and it is very flavorful and tender. Definitely recommend for a quick bite to eat.
4	Friendly staff, good Greek food and fair prices. LOVE their three meat combo meal - the steak is really good and is marinated in 'something' that gives it an excellent flavor, the ground beef kebab is seasoned and tasty & the doner meat is amongst the best in the valley....
4	The food here is solid and the quality of the ingredients is better then average. The staff is nice and its refreshing to support a family owned and operated business.
4	Very good Greek food. Very pleasant staff. One of our favorite places.
5	So, I came here with my friends one weekend for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised with this place. From the outside it does not look like much and is not very impressive, but once you step inside and smell the food your mind is quickly changed. Here is the break down:Pros:1. Food was delicious and filling2. Prices are fair for the amount of food given3. Staff was very polite and very quick about making our foodCons:1. The only problem I had about this place was space. It does get cramped in there so be attentive about how to best confront this issue when you have large parties.Over all the food was awesome and the prices were great! I would definetly return there very soon and with an empty stomach!
4	Better than expected....will come back.
5	Good food
4	Setting:  This quick eatery is located near our home in the Happy Valley shopping center.  Out of all the eateries in this area, my wife and I rank this place above the rest.Ambiance:  Space is very limited although there is seating outside.  Typical fast food ambiance for take out or sit down.  However, it is not the ambiance that matters here, but the food is delicious!Food/Menu:  My wife ordered the chicken kebab meal that comes with a drink and fries ($8.50) while I ordered the ultimate steak shawarma (sandwhich only $6.95, and you can also choose chicken).  We added 2 garlic sauces that cost $0.50 each.  Depending on how many people are there, the food does not take very long to come out.Chicken Kebab - the chicken is seasoned well with great flavor, while the veggies and added garlic sauce in the pita bread compliment the meat.  The french fries are thick and are not too soft or too crunchy.Ultimate Shawarma - the bread seems buttered with the right amount of crunch when you bite into it.  The steak, with the onions, tomato, and provolone combined make for a definite party in your mouth.  Tasty and savory sandwich.  This is a definite after party or late night treat!Service:  They are family owned and do an excellent job of service.  No complaints!Overall:  The prices were listed above due to the fact that you are getting quality sit down Greek food at a reasonable price.  I have not tried the whole menu yet, as I have not gotten sick of the shawarma.  Overall, this is better than average Greek food with a good price.  Out of all the eateries here, we will definitely be seeing you again Greek Pita!
5	Amazing, my new favorite hole in the wall, I was shocked how good it was.
5	Stopped in on a long drive between Phoenix and northern AZ.  I had the best gyro salad since the little Greek restaurant near where I grew up.  The ingredients were fresh, portion was more than generous, and the flavor was amazing.  I'd gladly stop there every time I go through the city. The atmosphere was very much a family business; the staff was friendly and courteous.  I was just finishing up a really long day trip and the meal almost made it worth it.  I enjoyed it so much I made it a point to come here to Yelp and say so.
5	Amazing food!  Gyro, chicken gyro, tzatziki sauce, hummus...these are our favorites. The portions are large. There's always people eating here when we come--for good reason--yet the service is still quick and friendly. My husband and I are temporarily living in Phoenix and have become regulars at the Greek Pita. I wish we had one back at home, as we will definitely miss it when we leave.
5	Wonderul food and staff! The chicken kabob is amazing!
5	we love this place and go there about once a month.  very friendly atmosphere with great food!  Try the number 1!
3	Steak Shawarma - pretty tasty, and great if your in the area.. This location is VERY clean, which isnt normal for most mediteranian places,, just saying, :pWill be back but not an out of the way food trip,,
4	This place is pretty darn good. The following items were ordered by my friends and I and we all agreed that we would be back soon.Gyro Salad - Nice sized served with plenty of gyro meat.Gyro Plate - Lots of tasty meat, a nice sized salad and a ton of tasty saffron rice.Gyro Pita w/ Fries - A well stuffed fresh pita with plenty of gyro meat.Chicken Schwarma with Hummus - A very large portion served with fresh pita.Everything was hot, fresh and made to order. They are surrounded by plenty of other restaurants but I doubt you will find any better than here.
2	Mi Amigos: This is a one star place based on the food. One extra star for the incredible woman (Go ASU) at the cash register. Now for the foodGreek salad ($7) looked premade and left in the fridge. Poorly picked over lettuce with brown spots and stalks. Old tomatoes like they were sitting around for a while. However, if you are into quantity it is enough for two persons to share. Pita bread. The toughest, chewiest, thinnest bread I have ever had. Obviously mass produced (not in house). Baba Ghanouj ($4.50) bears NO resemblance to Baba Ghanouj. The main ingredient in Baba is eggplant, this was far from it, although the serving is quite large.Two choice platter, ($11.95) lots of rice, steak shawarma, tough, dried out and very little of it. Same with the chicken. The meat portion was miniscule and, Mi amigos, watch closely as he takes the meat out of the bottom of the grill drawer, precooked, and then grills it to death so it is dry nubs.Now for the killer. The food is dry, dry dry. The owner gives you a lot of food, but then has the cajones to charge 50 cents for a little container (1 oz) of tadziki sauce (weird pink color and not very good)If the salad had better lettuce and tomatoes, if we got some meat with the two combo platter, and it was not cooked till dry as the dessert, if the Baba tasted like eggplant and tahini, and if the bread was decent, this place might get 2.5 stars for the food and one star for the cash register sweetie.
3	I have been here at least a half dozen times.   First let me say the food is good, very good.   Portions are large.  Two people can actually share a platter.   Food items I have ordered:  gyro platter, gyro sandwich, chicken kabob platter.  The greek salad that comes with the platters are great.  Filled with fresh veggies and topped with feta and a wonderful greek dressing.   The garlic sauce that comes with the chicken kabob and chicken dishes is better than the tzatziki sauce that comes with the gyro.  I usually get the fries that come with the platter rather than the rice.  I didn't care for the rice, but that is just my preference.   Now you may ask, "why only three stars."    Well the reason for this is the unfriendly rude greek lady at the counter that takes the orders.  I usually get ice water with my meal and my husband normally gets iced tea.   He stopped ordering a beverage when he realized the iced tea they serve is the premade tea with the artificial nasty flavors.  No brewed tea.  We now only order ice water.   Everytime we go in she gets mad when we don't order a beverage and only request ice water to drink.  Her attitude is always snippy and curt.  They never are friendly at the greeting or wish you "good bye" when leaving.      The food is good.   Just "heaven forbid" don't order just ice water with your meal.
4	Best Greek food we had in ages. I spotted the Yelp sticker on the door. Wonderful, tasty food, Will eat there again soon.
1	I have been coming here off and on for some time now and I have always had great food and service. Wednesday however, was a different story. I ordered my usual Gyro Salad. When I got back to work, I opened it and realized it was a Greek Salad. I did not have time to go back, so I ate the salad. After I got off of work I called and spoke to a gentleman who was so nice and felt horrible about the mistake. He told me to come in next time and he would either refund me or make me the correct salad. This afternoon I went in and explained my situation the the woman at the counter. She pretty much yelled back at me that no, there were no notes written down about it. Turns out, I called the other Greek place in the same complex. I explained that to her and even showed her my receipt. She could not have been any more rude. She said if she did not have a note she was not going to do anything about it. I explained to her that I called the wrong place but that I was there  now and how could we rectify the situation. She said the only way to have rectified it was if I were to come back as soon as I realized I had the wrong salad. Totally convenient right?! I know it is not a huge difference, but the Greek Salad is about $5.00 and the Gryo $10.00. I was very nice to her the whole time and she kept raising her voice at me in front of customers. She finally said fine, I will give you Gyro meat to make up the difference. Yeah, that it was I want - a few slices of Gyro meat to go with nothing. I will not be back. Piss poor customer service.
4	Good Gyro's and incredibly fast for takeout .  Will be back
4	I had the #1 which is a Lamb Gyro. The lamb was seasoned so deliciously! Seriously, it was really good. Most Greek places I've been to are a disappointment, so I never really consider them as a choice for dining out. However, I was in the area and decided to stop in. This place has probably the best Gyros I've ever had. Only 4 stars since I've only tried one thing on the menu. Ill be back since I live just next door though!
5	One of the best Gyros I have found in Phoenix, so many places try too hard.  This place sticks to the basics, fresh shaved cone meat, fried up as with the pita and a soliud sauce.  There was a lot here and definately did not leave wanting more.  Looking forward to going back.
4	Very good food for the value.... I gave it four stars because I have only had one item there so I haven't tried the majority of the menu.  I had the #1 Gyro combo meal and it was delicious.  I got it "to go" and was pleasantly surprised that they don't start the sandwich or drop the fries until it is actually ordered which means hot crispy fries and juicy meat which is a must for me.  The place is very small but I do not think they are going for a large operation.  Staff is very friendly and will ask questions about certain ingredients to make sure you get what you want in the item i.e. onions, tomatoes, etc.  The kitchen staff is also friendly and clean since it is an "open" kitchen concept and they will deliver the food to tables if the cashier is busy instead of making the guest get up... Overall good food, value and a great option for a quick dinner when you do not feel like cooking!
5	I highly recommend the Greek Pita, the Gyros are freshly sliced off of a split as you order. This isn't your crappy coney island microwaved Gyro!! I didn't expect great Greek food in the middle of a desert but don't take my word for it!
4	This place is straight up good ! Never woulda thought so being in a strip mall next to bunch of fast food joints ... Menu has pictures , all looks good ! We had the chicken kabab gyro and regular gyro and SO good and huge portions ! We coulda shared , really good and flavorful . Chicken was fresh , not dry , and just melts in your mouth.. Taziki sauce ..mmmmm mmmm good ! If your in the area and can't decide what to eat , give this place a try .. We did and so glad we did !
4	Pretty good gyros... What more can I say. The only downside to this place is the bread isn't always fresh, it definitely is premade.
5	The falafel here is incredible. Service is good, prices are reasonable. Put this on your list if you like Greek, and you won't be disappointed. Be prepared for a lunch rush!
3	Average at best. We wanted to stop somewhere quick, but something better than fast food. The girl at the register was very nice. We ordered a gyro plate with rice and a side greek salad, chicken shwarma wrap and a side of hummus. I was expecting more from the hummus, very plain, but the wrap was good.
5	There are 3 things that make this place amazing; The seasoned chicken, the amazing garlic sauce, and Nadia at the front register! If i could get a hand on their secret recipe for that garlic sauce, i would put it on everything! But i have to admit, I have recently moved to Tempe and they have a location here, but it is not the same without seeing Nadia at the front register greeting me by name every time I come in! Still worth the 5 stars!
4	Very good Greek food. Very pleasant staff. One of our favorite places. Good Fast food.
5	Yum. Delicious. Fast. Nuff said.It's a small restaurant but the food is so good love the sauce and the shawarma is my favorite. I eat here all the time.
5	I'm a creature of habit. I either get the gyro sandwich or the gyro salad.  Always yummy, always fresh and flavorful.  I'm a fan!
5	The Greek Pita is a well hidden secret in N. Phoenix. The 'strip mall' setting may not appeal to all - but it's not your typical place in a mall. From the moment Nadia - the Owner - greets you at the desk, you smell the roasting meats, the sauces and the authenticity throughout. We love the Gyros, and recently tried the Falafel - which was so tasty and well cooked - not your tiny little balls of mush - crispy outside and warm and toasty inside with all of the flavors you want! We are kind of picky eaters - and whenever we add this - minus that - or request anything - the cooks get it right!  The portions are good sized and fairly priced. SO worth the trip to the North side! My Husband Jack & I take friends there & no one is ever disappointed!
5	The chicken kabob plate with side salad and bread with garlic sauce is amazing. My family and I have become regulars.
4	I always love their falafel plate. Comes with rice and salad. I love the Greek hot sauce--$0.54 extra.
