5	OK, so I may have found the perfect combination of hole in the wall place in a super cool location. If you are looking for a quick bite and want quality food, Vitamin T is a great choice.They open in just a couple of days but chef Aaron May had a bit of a pre-grand opening party tonight and we got to check it out. First, I had a Sonoran Dog which was irresistible. I saw some bacon wrapped hotdogs being cooked and then saw Aaron adding some "bean dip stuff" ( I forgot what he actually called it ) into a bun and topping it all off with jalapeno sauce and some other goodness. Pretty darn good dog. Did I say bacon? Yep, bacon is good.I then tried three different tacos. They sell small street tacos that are even better than the ones I remember eating in front of JJ's Cantina in Mexico. . The pork was awesome as was the chorizo. The tortillas? Grand.Other friends tried the Tamales, Caramelos and Tortas and i heard nothing but good things.They sell beer and tequila. What's not to love about a place like this?Located at CityScape and easily accessed by the light rail line.Check it out, I hope you enjoy as much as I did.
3	Such a small little place in the land of superblock developments and large scale everything wouldn't normally fit in so well, but Vitamin T will be just fine. The space is nicely decorated and a relatively wide open room, really set up for take out only, as there are no chairs in the restaurant. It's all stand up fare here, even on the patio, or at the counter in front of the cooks. A small'ish menu, a well stocked salsa bar, a soda fountain, and a small cooking line is all there is here. I was really under the impression that this was going to be a tequila bar so I was a bit surprised to see they only offer one tequila, as well as one beer, Dos Equis. Prices are a bit high as well, with street tacos being $2.50 each, but much of the menu well under $10. I tried to sample several things, including the Barbacoa taco, Cochinita Pibil taco, and Sonoran Hot Dog. Barbacoa was fantastic, with a great tomatillo salsa, Cochinita Pibil was not as great, and really lacked the citrusy taste that is so typical of this dish. My main gripe here is with the Sonoran Hot Dog, which has a formula of a certain amount and type of ingredients. May did not follow the formula when he created this hot dog. It was fairly tasty, but the pre-made buns from the grocery store, black bean spread, and lack of ingredients that make the Sonoran dog made it a fail for me. I've also tried the Ahobado Torta, a delicious pulled pork with a spicy salsa, avocado spread, and a garlicy taste. The draw back again came from the bread, it seemed low quality and overly wet like they had it in a steam tray. Nothing I hate more than my bread being gooey from humidity. The veggie tamale was delicious, with a nice assortment of potatoes, mushrooms, onions, sunflower seeds, and spinach. Be warned here, as tasty as the food may be, most everything on the menu is a conglomeration of processed, packaged, or pre-prepared foods. Canned beans, premade tortillas and bread, everything is designed to be easy to make. I don't get a big kick out of paying money at a restaurant for something that was made with no heart or real skill. I get a little bit annoyed when I order something, then watch restaurants open cans or bottles and mix already made ingredients together.
2	Vitamin T is in my building, so I decided to give it a try for lunch today.  I was very unimpressed.  I ordered three streets tacos for $7.  I realize street tacos are small by nature, but these were smaller than what I have experienced at other restaurants.  I ordered the Barbacoa, Chicken and Pilbil tacos.  The tacos were all smashed together in a foil wrapper so that when opened, the ingredients the three tacos were all over each other and very messy.  The Pibil pork was a little tough and without taste -- the pickled onions did not mix well with the pork.  The Barbacoa was okay -- if I had to choose a favorite, this would probably be mine.  The Chicken was okay once I added some green salsa to it for flavor. The meat/chicken in all three tacos was skimpy.  I was disappointed with the use of flour over the traditional corn tortillas, plus the tortillas reminded me of cheap store-bought tortillas.  My friend ordered chips and salsa for $3 -- this was a tragedy.  The small portion of chips were clearly store bought (and bad ones at that...), and the salsa portion of the order is whatever you select yourself from the do-it-yourself salsa bar, which, by the way needed restocking -- a couple of the salsa containers had next to nothing in them.  The service was quick, and the staff was very cordial.
2	So I got a chance to check this place out, finally. I've been suuuper excited for this place to open up, since I'm such a torta whore! I decided to get the Torta Ahogado that came with slow cooked pork, avocado, carrot and some other veggies and the description read with ahogado broth. I imagined some what of a French dip type of thing, but it was more like a sloppy joe. They poured the hot sauce over the sandwich, making it impossible to eat like a sandwich. That may not normally cause an issue, except they lined the little cardboard "boat" for the sandwich in a foil/paper lining that became super soggy. I ended up finding many pieces of foil in my sandwich, mega unappealing. The sandwich was just okay. The bread could have used a bit of time in the toaster, the pork was pretty bland and the sauce tasted a bit burnt.  The overall feel of the place is pretty cool, it's small with just a few tables outside. I noticed the owner there, but he seemed too busy chatting up the Don Julio Swag girls to check on the customers, which kinda blows. Overall, they get a Meh + from me.  I'll come back again for a different torta next time, and hopefully the experience is better....hopefully
4	I've been anticipating Vitamin T opening for a few months. Since relocating offices from downtown Tempe to Phoenix I've been missing Chronic Tacos. This place is exactly what I expected-which is a good thing. It's a taco stand on steroids. The ingredients on their tacos are above and beyond what is on your basic protein in a tortilla. Just the right texture and combination of flavors to hit right spots in a compact package. The cinnamon rubbed barbacoa is excellent! At $7 a three pack, to me this is a great new lunch option.I don't really write reviews, but looking at those posted so far I wanted to offer a counterpoint. I want this place sticking around. I'm sitting out here in the burbs now craving that barbacoa again!
4	Fantastic! I vote 4.5 stars.  I can't wait to become a regular, try everything, and update with a fifth star!  In addition to great food, what makes Vitamin T stand out among the rest are the creative twists to simple good food.Just walking up I could feel the energy from the people hanging out on the patio and the (good) music filling the area.  I almost walked right past the patio entrance in front of the main entrance, but luckily someone else was coming out so I noticed it.The place was hopping, but it wasn't too crowded and you really have to expect that the first few days of a new place downtown.  Personally, I think it just adds to the excitement.I couldn't decide what I wanted to try first so I went with three tacos ($7) and the Vitamin T Green Salad.  The guy taking my order was super nice and seemed happy to be there (always a plus in my book).  Add on a nice refreshing lemonade for $1.50 and off to the salsa bar I go!A good variety of salsa and even a few non-salsas.  I loved the grilled onions, I could eat those as a side instead of a topping.  And then there was some sort of pickled carrot, jalapeno, and garlic concoction that I had to try.Standing at one of the cool tequila barrels, waiting for my number to be called, I was really jealous of the dudes on the patio drinking their beers with their delicious food.  As much as I wanted to stay and also have a beer (or margarita), SOME of us had to go back to work.  (Insert cartoon music . . . Whaw Whaw Whaaa)Finally, back at my desk, ready to taste it all!  Out of the three tacos, the Barbacoa was by far my favorite.  The Chicken and Veggie tacos were good too, but that Barbacoa had a flavor that still makes my mouth water.As a salad lover, I have to say this was a great one.  I didn't get any meat on it so it was perfect complement to my tacos.  Probably more than I needed, but I had to try it.  The jicama and arugula in the salad really make a regular salad into something great; and that creamy avocado lime dressing . . . YUM! Turns out, my nutrition has been lacking all along, I've been missing my Vitamin T!  Now that I know where to get my fix, I see many more trips in my future!
3	[The food is about a 3 the awkward "path" to order and pick up is a 2.]So I brought my lunch with me to work today.  Unfortunately someone took it upon themselves to enjoy it for me.  So that left me with 30 min to find a place to get lunch and bring it back to the office.  This was my first trip to Vitamin T.  Having read the so-so reviews I decided to check it out for myself.  Walking in I didn't know where to start I had to weave my way through patrons standing and eating at the oak barrels randomly placed and the others in line filling up their little salsa cups at the salsa bar.  I awkwardly made my way to the flat screen menu.  Torn between the Sonora Dog and the Caramelos I went with the Barbacoa Caramelo and an order of Guacamole (no drink $8.74) .  I preceeded to wait, initially awkwardly close to the kitchen/bar and some folks eating on barrels then decided to get my own salsas.  As my number was called I had to again become rather intimate with the standing diners positioned around the barrels, back up to the front.  They provide sacks to pack up your food for take out.  I threw everything in and again weaved my way through the barrels and people yet again.   The food....The caramelos are served in 2s grilled flat with 2 tortillas each then folded in half, the filling of cheese and meat are generous. The barbacoa is lightly seasoned and tasty.  From the salsa bar I choose the salsa verde, roasted serrano peppers and the small batch of red salsa in the back.  Here the red is better than the green.  And the roasted serranos are nicely spicy. The guacamole order comes with chips.  Not home made but tasty. The guac itself is quite lemony with garlic, chunks of tomato onion and cilantro and a flavor more akin to black pepper...meh it is ok.
3	So I made it down to Vitamin T and it was not bad.  I had the Caramelos which I found out was not just a candy bar.  They come with Chihuahua cheese (the state in Mexico not from the dog silly), grilled onion, jalapenos and queso fresco and your choice of meat.  I got the Barbacoa which had great flavor and at $5 you get two little street taco sized ones.  So for the price and flavor well worth it.  My only knocks are there is like no seating and it is very small.  The menu is very limited but hopefully that's cause they just do things they do well.  I will have to go back for the taco's and torta's and update my review.  As of now it's A-OK so if your not in the area it's probably not worth the trip.
1	I've decided to completely write this place off, and here is why you should too:THREE TIMES I have tried to go here and they have been closed, all the while their website and posted hours say they should be open. If one of you wants to drive all the way here from the suburbs, you'd better call first because this place cannot be trusted. I've wasted my time and spent hungry minutes walking here only to be disappointed. Vitamin T will fail, there I said it.
2	Hot dogs Look delicious on the menu but the bread was so rubbery it felt like if I dropped it would bounce right back at me. Red salsa ok. Great concept, poorly executed.
4	Convenient, quick and tasty! I've only had the chicken tacos and they are freakin' AWESOME! Big ups!
3	Went to Vitamin T for lunch today, it is kind of in an odd location, so if my coworker didn't know exactly where it was, I probably wouldn't have found it.  Had 3 tacos with 3 different meats so that I could see what I liked the best here, plus a side of guacamole.  Guacamole was fine, nothing special.  The barbacoa taco tasted very strongly of coffee (menu says that it is coffee rubbed, I just didn't expect it to taste like a cup of joe) and wasn't to my taste.  The Pibil (pork) just tasted odd to me, especially with the pickled onions fighting with the flavor of the pork... actually, the pickled onions were probably the best thing about that one.  But the chicken was very good and fairly spicy, contrary to other reviews I read on here... maybe the chicken was just really good today?I also got to try my coworker's roasted veggie caramelo, which was the best thing I ate at Vitamin T.  Surprisingly good, especially when topped with sour cream.Since Maria's closed (man those carnitas were tasty), this is a much better taco joint for downtown than Baja Fresh, but it hasn't hit excellence yet.  I still think they have potential... maybe they can steal Maria's carnita recipe from the now unemployed cooks...I'll definitely go back to try the chicken in a tamale and have another of the veggie caramelos. As another reviewer said, if you're downtown for lunch, try it.  If you're not, don't go out of your way for the trip.  At least not yet.
3	The place is no frills.  The tortas are football sized, the fillings tasty but the bread just wasn't a torta.  Those who want street tacos will get them, but I can't say that they are better than Gallo's.  Over all, good for a quick meal, but I wouldn't say its a huge destination place.  Hard to find seating, definately a  to-go place.  Trendy and super cute.  Good service.  Limited menu.  It is nice that they have a little salsa bar with fresh salsas and crema that you can try out for yourself.
4	Yum...good tacos and chips & salsa!  Great location in Cityscape...very popular!
3	Yet another place that I had high hopes for that didn't even come close.  We checked out Vitamin T today finally after I had been waiting for months, hearing tacos, tequilas, and MEXICAN STREET FOOD...what could be more up my alley???On a sunday afternoon, it was relatively full.  We grabbed the last spot on the patio and headed in to order up at the counter.  Dos Equis on tap?  Hell yeah.  I decided to go for the veggie caramelos, which I was told were like mini vegetable quesadillas, and come two to an order.  Sweet Pea surprisingly didn't go for the Sonoran dog, which is one of his favorite things in life, but rather a beef torta (sandwich) of some sort.  We also got some chips and guac.As we waited for our order, I filled up a line of cups with every salsa at the bar, and we proceeded to sample being the salsa fiends we are.  They were all just OK.  Nothing really hot, or even somewhat hot.  One was too vinegary for me, one was too smoky for him, and then there were a couple that were just all right.  My caramelos were pretty much as advertised, except where was the queso in the quesadilla??  They were small corn tortillas with a kind of bland, soggy  vegetable mixture and a tiny bit of cheese.  Nothing I'd order again.  Sweet Pea's torta looked fantastic.  It was a huge sandwich, lots of stuff in it, and a giant roll.  He had trouble maneuvering to eat it, and given the taste, he said that it just wasn't worth the effort.  The chips were also totally disappointing.  They may actually be the first tortilla chips that I didn't finish.  They were disgustingly greasy.  I mean not just some dots on the paper bag they came in, the entire bag was transparent with grease, and the chips still were slick and practically dripped.  The guac was nondesript.One more thing- if you put "tequila" in your name and signs, you really need to have more than 3 tequilas, all of which are Don Julio.  People, we live in Arizona.  Dive bars have a better selection.  Come on Vitamin T, you can do better.
4	I had the Pollo Torta...and for $7, it is an insanely large sandwich with mounds of fresh chicken and delicious condiments (like the black bean spread or the fresh cabbage).  You've gotta ask for the "avocado crema" to be added to whatever you order!  I was thoroughly satisfied, and am excited about its great location downtown!
2	A co-worker and I stopped in for some tacos and a Sonoran dog.  We had the duck tacos (on special), carne asada tacos and a Sonoran dog. The carne asada wasn't bad...it was just okay.  However, we were extremely disappointed in the duck tacos and especially the Sonoran dog! The duck tacos were mixed in some sweet sauce that did not quite mesh well in a taco.  If maybe they did it Peking duck style like you get in Chinese restaurants, it may have been half way decent.  The Sonoran dog was the biggest disappointment! It was in a dry bolilo roll with black beans and cabbage! It shouldn't have been called a Sonoran dog! For those of you who know Sonoran dogs (i.e., El Guerro Canelo in Tucson), this wasn't even close.  I may go back but maybe just for the margaritas and tequila...the food needs work!
4	If Vitamin T is any indication of what's to come for the DT PHX dining scene, I think we're in good shape, kids.  Dropped in on T for a quick work-day lunch and had two tacos for $5.  The barbacoa is very flavorful and the pork has a perfect kick of spicy heat.  The tacos are small but they don't skimp on the ingredients and give you plenty of meat resulting in a great combo of flavors.  The space is small but they were efficient and moved quickly to serve meals.  The staff was friendly and they seem to pay attention bc my meal was handed to me and they didn't call my number.  I recommend grabbing food to go bc I am sure it gets very crowded over lunch time.  I hope to visit again and sit outside. Hooray for tasty outside dining options in DT.  Thanks Vitamin T, you make me feel healthy.  Sign up on their website for deals. http://eatmoretacos.com/
3	Cool place, good tacos. I hv only been once and haven't had been driven to return on a special trip, but I would return if was downtown. The price seemed kinda high, about $7 for three super small tacos. I my opinion, they would sell more with better pricing??A .99 taco would most likely promote the beer sales, just a thought :)I like the place, the staff were great, I think it should do well.
2	I am a noob not only to Arizona but also to the myriad wonders of Mexican cuisine (Taco Bell was about all we had in my Southern hometown). So maybe when I walk into a Mexican eatery in AZ, my expectations are just too unrealistically high. I read the mixed Yelp reviews, weighed my options, and then walked the block to Vitamin T to grab some dinner. First off, the cardboard cutout of the Mexican beer guy (the most interesting man in the world, I believe they call him) scared the crap out of me, lounging in a corner like he was people. But I am forgiving. I laughed it off, maneuvered awkwardly around the tequila barrels, and made my taco selection.I ordered the veggie taco, the beef, and the pulled pork.  When I got them, my excitement quickly ebbed, because they are so gosh-darn tiny. For $7, I expected at least a standard tortilla-sized taco. I went out on the patio to eat, because, well, that's the only place they have for you to eat unless you want to hover uncomfortably over the aforementioned barrels of tequila littered throughout their claustrophobic interior. My veggie taco was interesting, flavorful and full of variety, but dry. I am not one for salsa, but I would have enjoyed some sour cream. The beef was basic. Really basic. It was also dry, and a tad too salty.The pork I enjoyed. It was sweet, moist, and full of flavor. But like I mentioned, the tacos were so small that the pork was just a pleasant memory after about 25 seconds.  Vitamin T left me severely underwhelmed. I wanted to like it. I wanted to be wowed by the wonders of of the "T" food group that the restaurant tries to convince me actually exists. But I left still kinda hungry, wondering where the nearest Chipotle might be.
5	OMG! Amazing & scrumptious soft street tacos & delicious, fresh tamales!  ....5 Stars. all the way! The food is modeled after Mexico City street eats. The most obvious choice is therefore the tacos, sold individually for $2.50 or in sets of three for $7. Soft corn tortillas encase a selection of fillings. The star here is the barbacoa, beef brisket rubbed with coffee and chili de arbol. It's a tender and flavorful way to fill a taco, but the chicken and pibil (pork shoulder) are good second choices. There's also an impressive vegetarian option that goes beyond the usual rice and beans to include roasted potatoes, mushrooms, and pepitas.
4	Ok let's be honest I'm a white girl from Detroit, which means I don't know a ton about Mexican food. What I do know for certain however, is that the food I was eating at Vitamin T was very, very tasty. I've had the chicken tacos...which are nearly nirvana with a little sour cream on there. I've also tried the veggie torta. Word to the wise: tortas aren't the neatest of all dishes so maybe get a lot of napkins. The veggie torta was so good, I felt like I couldn't eat it fast enough. Picture petite me, sitting on the delightful patio in my jeans and a shirt amongst a bunch of business suits, literally wolfing down this torta that is messy to eat to begin with. I think I polished that off in about 3 minutes flat. I only stopped once during my meal to realize that I wanted rice with it so that I could unlock the wonderful protein benefit of the black beans. After I ordered, the place filled up quick and I was glad I got there around 11:45 instead of noon. Another great thing about Vitamin T? You get to play chef for a minute. Oh yes. Vitamin T offers you a salsa/condiments bar so that you can alter the flavor of your dish however you like...hence there should be no complaints of bland food. The salsa bar is a great idea amongst a city of micro-managed office types. This way, Vitamin T gives their customers the ability to take back a little control from their micro managed lives on their lunch break. Don't get too crazy over there at the salsa bar though, lets keep it clean people. I also see postings for some very happy, happy hour specials. That's a win.
5	LOVE this place. Consistently great food!! It is fresh and tasty food that actually makes your body feel like you've done it a favor. Barbacoa is my favorite. Chicken is my second fave. Veggie has a little kick to it. I don't eat pork but I've been told those are great too. I tend to get the 3 taco meal mixing it up or just a torta. So so delish!The people are friendly and move fast to get your order in your hand. Such a treasure for Downtown Phoenix as it continues growing up into a real city!
4	Last week, after watching the Suns warm up before a game, we left the arena in search of food. I spotted something new right down the street. Vitamin T. I had heard of this place before, though I couldn't remember what I had heard. Was it a smoothie shop?We peeked inside to see a few wooden tables with stools, an extensive salsa bar and small open kitchen. Another taco shop! Venturing further inside, bumping into The Most Interesting Man in the World (or his cardboard twin), we took a look at the menu, a flat screen TV mounted to the wall. A little out of place here, but I digress.We ordered a variety of tacos: barbacoa, chicken and veggie. And we couldn't turn down the Dos Equis. On paper (or should I say, plasma) the barbacoa sounded the most amazing. Surprisingly, the chicken taco was my fave. And I usually hate chicken tacos. The small strip (not shredded, yay!) meat was perfectly cooked and expertly seasoned. I'm not even sure what was on it, some sort of cabbage and white sauce, but it hit the spot! The barbacoa had a very interesting flavor, but the meat was pretty dry. Maybe it was an off day.We'll definitely be back when we're downtown and in the mood for some tacos. I'd also love to try their tortas. I just hope I remember that Vitamin T is a taco shop and not a health food store.PS. Any place that serves sour cream at their salsa bar gets four stars in my book.
3	Cute & Cozy little place to get Taco's downtown. The Urban location is creatively decorated with a spanish flare. It is very small inside however there is outside seating. They have a full menu including a variety of Chips, Tacos, Torta's and other specialties. Drink menu for those of you who like a little liquor in your lives. I tried two Chicken Taco's I will be honest they were ok. I am from here and have had good Taco's so I am picky. The taco's meat was kinda bland though they were garnished with fresh cabbage, carrots, radishes, green onion and cilantro. My taco's were fairly price for $2.50 each. Neatly wrapped in foil. They provide a full service salsa bar. Chips are sold separately. The food is cooked fresh to order and served fast. It is a nice concept with a friendly staff.
2	With all the hype before this place even opened I epxected a whole lot better. There are so may flavors lacking in the basic tacos. The tamales are so generic and dry.The place is nice and clean and the staff is friendly and the little salsa bar is a nice addition which I had to give this place 2 stars. If you want geat tacos go to Gallo Blanco or to Americas.
4	Pretty dang good!  I tried the Barbacoa, Pibil and Queso Fundido tacos and all were great.  The Barbacoa was my fave, it had incredible depth of flavor and was extremely tender.  My husband preferred the Queso Fundido; perfectly salty & meaty. :)At $7 for 3 tacos it was a pretty good deal considering the quality of ingredients & location.  This shop is TINY though....only four tables inside and a few more out on the patio.  Once it gets hot I'll have to settle for take-out only.  Can't wait to try the Sonoran Dog!  :)Three cheers for a cool salsa bar too...
5	I generally keep my positive reviews in the four-star range, mostly because I hate setting people's expectations too high. It's a defensive mechanism I truly really believe in.Unfortunately, I can't give Vitamin T anything less than a five-star review. My lunch experience today was so over-the-top wonderful and the food was so freaking perfect not even cynical (and possibly silly) personal philosophies can make scale down my praise. I mowed 3 carne asada tacos and walked away very full and beyond happy. The beef and vegetables were freshly prepared and the flour tortillas were big enough to act as sufficient vessels without overpowering my meat with their carbiness (it's a real word, look it up). The salsa bar (including sour cream) was stocked and kept clean. Special props for the pickled red peppers. So freaking great.Great job by Aaron May and Co. in capturing the spirit of street food without making the customer feel like they are eating food off the street.
4	I am a big fan of sonoran dogs!  I like the ones from here because they put cabbage on the dogs.  The feel of the restaurant is cute...nothing special...you order, you sit down, eat, and get out!  It's pretty small but I'm sure it's a hot lunch spot for downtown.  I will definitely have to go back for the tacos and tequila next time I stop by.
3	I had the three tacos for $7. Two barbacoa (shredded beef) and one pibil (pork). I prefer corn tortillas, but they use flour. These are not the street tacos that im used to. Just okay. Tortillas were lukewarm which is a pet peeve for me.Iced tea was very refreshing on a 113 degree summer day in late June.
2	I really didn't like the barbacoa...maybe it's the coffee flavor or the really, really fatty meat.  My friend loved his order so I had to bump it to 2 stars.  I guess you never know what will suit you.  Give it a try, the salsa bar is pretty impressive.
4	I went here with a group of friends before we started work because everyone had been raving and raving about the Sonoran hot dogs. I was skeptical, as anyone really should be, when they say it is wrapped in bacon. My first thought was helloooo heart attack. So I get there and I order it minus the guacamole. It comes to me 5 minutes later and it is the most delicious hot dog I have ever tasted. The bacon creates this crispness and the tomatoes and onions with the bean spread create a flavorful touch that is perfect for the hot dog. Nothing is over-powering and the flavors compliment each other. I recommend going if you haven't and just a reminder happy hour is 3-6!
4	We stopped there before a game. It was good we can't wait to go again. My only complaint was the seating was up high and a bit uncomfortable.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! The tacos are delish! And I can't wait to try the new breakfast burritos either!!
4	If you like Classic rock, tacos and margaritas for cheap this is your place. Tasty, tasty, tasty. They could clean the tables outside but other than that it's great. It's has a pretty decent happy hour too. 3-6 and all day on Saturdays.
2	$7 for three small tacos.  The flavors were not that great.
3	Happy Hour has great prices.  Patio could be fun with a good crowd, however, we were the only patrons at the time.
1	If you are interested in a taco place with extremely mediocre food that lacks cleanliness or ambiance this is the place for you.  It really is a shame as the location and the concept could be unbeatable.  I experienced this place with a select group of four individuals who disliked this place as much as I did.  As a group we ordered the following items: the chips and guacamole, the veggie, the barbacoa, the chicken, and the carne asada tacos.  The barbacoa was tolerable, the carne asada was pasty and overloaded with a horrible mix of shredded salad greens, and for the veggie and the chicken, think twice.  I love concepts like this one but I will not be returning to this place ever.  I wouldn't expect this place to be around very long.
2	My wife were in town from Denver and are both Celiacs so finding a place with decent gluten free food is tough while on the road. Vitamin T was one of our few options. Phoenix needs to step it up with GF food offerings. First, the positives: I wasn't expecting much, but the food was actually pretty good. The carne asada and barbacoa tacos were very tasty and weren't heavy and greasy like a lot of Mexican food. If it weren't for the service, I would have given Vitamin T 4-5 stars. My wife was here for a conference and we decided eat here on a Saturday. The place was packed with people from the conference and when we walked in they were 20 orders behind. There were four guys working but only one was working his ass off. Another wasn't helping with the orders, one was moving very slow and left while we were waiting, and the third was totally clueless. On top of that, they screwed up our order by giving us flour tortillas (which we can not have), even though we requested corn several times while ordering. By the time we got our food, we had waited an hour. If they aren't busy, I would recommend it. Otherwise, just go to Chipotle where they're much more efficient with four people.
3	So far so decent.I mean yeah I've had better...much better...but it'll do for the area.  Maybe there's a better place to get good tacos around, but I'm new downtown so I dunno.  There's a taco truck guy down in Maricopa that serves this size of taco for about the same price.  So I'm used to these itty bitty things.  3 for $7 at Vitamin T?  Not horrible, especially considering where you're at.I've had the pibil, carne asada, and barbacoa.  The pibil was the least memorable of the three - kinda bland and didn't mesh with the cabbage and pickled onions.  The carne and barbacoa were really tasty.  The meat was marinated like a mother and juicy.  What I really liked was that the tacos were chocked full each time.  I'm not picky about my tortilla, but I guess these are flour.  Soggy, yeah.  But its not meant to be nice and neat.I also tried a torta, I think it was ado...abo...abdo...something that starts with an 'a'.  Didn't know what a torta was until I got this.  Again, they didn't skimp on the meat.  Whatever bread was used was great, too.  A different kind of sandwich if you're tired of subs, paninis and such.As far as service, who really cares at a place like this?  You get what you get.  Its downtown.  They aren't rude or anything.  Friendly enough.  The place itself is small, but at the time of this writing there is some construction going on (in fact they were closed yesterday due to this)...not sure if the construction to make it bigger here or what, but they need to.They usually have a salsa bar here.  It went missing when the construction started.  I like messing around with salsa bars mixing this and that, and they had some decent picks.I'll be going here regularly.  One $2.50 taco is good enough for lunch, it actually fills you up due to all the meat.  I'm sure there's a pun there somewhere.
5	Lucky for me I work close to this place because I am addicted! 3 tacos for $7 and they are not small, at least in my opinion. I had the chicken, chorizo, and carne asada.... I thought the chicken and chorizo was amazing! Spicy, but not too spicy, you will know that you are alive. I had some chips as well, they were great and reminded me of the chips from Chipotle that I totally love. This place was cheap, very fast, and sooo good om nom nom nom.
3	First thing first, they offer a lunch special (at least the day i went) that includes 2 shot of Don Pablo and a Dos XX for $9.99.  as you notice no food is listed, this will also ring up as a lunch special so you can claim this with your business expense. ---  2 thumbs up!!!overall I was not impress with their Taco's, I almost went back to the kitchen to 86 the cook after tasting the Pork Pibil (Johnny Depp style) .  Lucky for him after biting into the Sonoran hotdog I had one of my euphoric feeling that took me back to the streets of Nogales.Definitely comeback for some more Sonoran goodness.
3	Is this place closed now, or just "under renovation"??I've been many times for lunch, and have decided that the barbacoa torta is my absolute favorite menu item.  Nothing else on the menu seems very special.  Actually, I tried the breakfast burrito, too....a little disappointed in the proportion of potato to chorizo, especially considering the price and size.
1	This place was an utter disappointment. I walked in around 11-11:30 when they should have been prepping for the lunch rush. The tables and floor looked like they hadn't been cleaned since the night before. The food was pretty bland. The person wearing the chef coat took our order, he was sick. Coughing everywhere, handling the cash and not once did I see him was his hands. Luckily he was not preparing our food, but nonetheless it was pretty disgusting. Stay Away!
4	Just had a DELICIOUS Barbacoa Tortas from Vitamin T.  Fantastic and good value.  Totally don't like the name of the place, but man, that was a great sandwich!I have also walked by several afternoons and really liked the music.  Must go and stay instead of take out (like today).
1	I went down to enjoy a gift card from here and it wasn't open, their door hours said they should of been and their website said they should of. I went at 1230pm?? Very poor business! I have a 50$ gift card to here... Not even sure I want to try this place out now.
4	Vitamin T has been my go to spot for food and drinks before catching a game downtown. You can't go wrong with any of the tacos on the menu, especially my favorite the Pibil. Last time in I tired the bacon wrapped hot dog (sonoran dog) and it was quite delicious and filling, however if it your first time in, just stick with the tacos they won't disappoint. Wash  it down with a Dos equis and a chilled shot of tequila. This place isn't going to break the bank, and will get you full and a lil buzzed before heading into the stadium to be tempted with 9 dollar boring hot dogs and 10 dollar beers. The place still seems to be a lil hidden, every time I go in its never busy. Don't let this fool you, give it a shot.
4	Visiting during their 1 year anniversary.  $1 tacos, $1 beers, $1 tequila shots.  Three tacos, a beer for me and two tacos and beer for my sister.   $7 and we had dinner!  The place was clean. Service was quick. I do wish for more stools out on the patio as it was a great Saturday afternoon and we had to wait a bit to sit outside.  Good place. I enjoyed it.
1	To be fair, the staff was awesome. But as for the food, luckily I had a credit with Groupon, or else I would have been pissed had we paid cash for this place. The order (Take out, 11 am 2/22/12):3 tacos (1 Queso Fundido, 1 Barbacoa, 1 Chicken)1 Barbacoa TortaTotal - Free (would have been $15.30 if I had not had a Groupon)Results:The Queso Fundido taco was pretty good. Full of flavor and something very different than the "usual". The remaining two taco's and the torta were soggy (dripping wet is more like it), so much so that the torta's bun, and both the tacos fell apart and stuck to the tin foil it was in. The worst part was that they were very bland, and by bland, I mean no flavor whatsoever. When I think of Mexican (even what is to be considered Mexican-style) food, I think of all of the different flavors and textures, spicy, sweet, crisp, crunchy! There was none of that here. Final thoughts:Sorely disappointing and will NOT be going back here. If you want great Mexican food in the downtown area, I would recommend La Tolteca. If you want decent food, try Chico's Tacos. Heck, I would recommend Taco Bell over this place.
1	Decided to give this place a try (FIRST HORRIBLE IDEA), drove 25 miles to get there.  It's right next to Arrogant Butcher which is OK food with most of the choices being MEH.  Well did NOT even get to try Vitamin T because once we got there We attempted to order anything with pork in it... guess what NO PORK. Then tried to order tortas de Milanesa (Basically a fried chicken Torta) and guess what?  NO CHICKEN...  What the F*CK seriously? Tried to order 3 taco combo but, guess what? They were out of certain ingredients to complete a F*CKIN TACO.How do you not  have the ingredients to make tacos at a over priced taco stand?  It's like a chinese place running out of eggrolls or Mc Donalds running out of "Mc", the manager in charge of stocking the joint should be fired!We finally said, NO WAY are we going to even be able to get anything to eat here so we left, PISSED OFF!  Walked outside and saw a sign for Breakfast Club upstair, went in guess what?  THEY HAD FOOD that they could actually serve, imagine that a restraunt that serves fod.  What a F*CKING concept right? TWO huge thumbs DOWN for Vitamin T, will never go again and will recommend to everyone we ever meet interested in eating to NEVER GO TO VITAMIN T!
3	A little disappointed with my cold tacos:( I love a warm meal for dinner and was expecting a CALIENTE service. Get to work live up to your hype! Looks cool....make it HOT! I am a diva for great food, if you are reading this review and you give it a chance....let me know how it goes hope yours is better than mine!:)
4	First time in. Carne Asada Tacos were full of flavor and so was the Ahogado Torta. Definitely a repeat place eat at.
2	The Good: Decent taste, fresh ingredients, great ice tea...contemporary lookThe Bad: HORRIBLE PORTION SIZE, TINY TINY TINY TACOS, APPETIZER SIZE AT DINNER PRICE $
2	My bf and I arrived in DTPHX early for the Dbacks game so that we could grab a quick bite to eat. After realizing that our original destination, Alice Coopertown, was on the other side of the stadium, we talked by Vitamin T and decided to try it out. They have a pretty basic menu, tacos, tortas, tamales, carmelos, 2 hot dogs, and 2 salads. I was torn between a sonoran dog and tacos, but opted for the tacos.I had the chicken tacos (roasted chicken w/chipotle and lime, pickled onions, asadero cheese, and salsa verde) and my bf had the barbacoa tacos. I got a margarita, he got a beer, and we shared some chips and salsa. We had a seat on the patio and it didn't take long to get our food. #1 - If the food had been hot, I would have been significantly more satisfied, but it seems that they finish cooking  when it gets to slightly warm, which made it less satisfying. For all the items listed on the tacos (I considered asking for no pickled onions but didn't want to be difficult), you would have thought they would be bursting with flavor, but they were just alright. I will say though that the margarita was good, and the salsa they serve with their not-warm chips was also good. Can't say I'll be back.
1	I came here a few days ago before the Opening Day game for the Diamondbacks.  My boyfriend was very excited to try this place since we heard great things.  However, we didn't have a very good experience.  As I walked into the establishment, I noticed how dirty the whole place seemed to be.  There were dirty tables everywhere and the floor was no different.  No one was coming around to clean either.  We ordered the Diamondbacks Opening Day deal with 2 tacos and a beer.  We ordered one pork and one steak, they were both bland and tiny and the chips and salsa were just okay. Everything was overpriced for what you got.   We ate outside on the small patio and it was like a garbage bomb went off out there.  Someone finally  came out to clean the tables, but didn't bother to pick up any of the napkins, salsa, or other trash on the floor, that patio remained dirty, even after it was "cleaned."   It was a complete mess.  I don't see the big fuss over this place, I will not be coming back.
3	I think this placed has been closed by the landlord. Sign is gone and everything looks locked up and forgotten inside. A shame, too. It wasn't the best taco place in Phoenix, but it was a decent place to stop downtown.
1	CLOSED as of MAY 2012
