2	I'll give it a month when the mindless catch on, but I gotta say I'm not impressed.The pizza tasted like casino buffet pizza, the wings, I can get at any bowling alley or PT's or any hole-in-the-wall, one of the driest spaghetti's I've ever had.I waited 20 minutes for an order of nuke fies which was not evenly distributed, meaning it seems like they threw the fries in a container and dropped a handful of their spice and bagged it.The only thing I can say that stands out is the bread for the meatball sliders and the choice of tap beer.
2	My husband and I ate there on Nov 6, I was disappointed having heard so many things about Metro Pizza. Our waitress was very nice and answered all of our questions.  I orderd a small pizza my husband a shrimp pasta dish.  My pizza was served to me 15 minutes before my husband was served.  The pizza was good but limp, the cheese could have used more time in the oven.  The pasta sauce on my husbands dinner was extremely spicy! almost to the point of unearable.The managment never visited the tables to see if customers were happy, I don't know I have lived here in Las Vegas 20 years and can not find a decent pizza if you want a real good pizza go to Harris Pizza in Rock Island Il.  They grind their sausage like ground beef makes all the difference in the world.
5	Great service, food, and friendly atmosphere. Thanks Metro!!
3	Good pizza. Cold beer. 'Nuff said.
2	Dissapointed, I will give it another month and go gain. Half of the pizza's that came out were burnt and had huge bubbles. There are way better pizza places in the northwest, I am going back to Northside Nathan's.
5	Metro has arguable the best pizza in town but honestly this location has been getting run over since it opened. If you haven't had the best service or food given them another chance when the madness dies down. Order the antipasti plater, meatball sliders a pie of your choice.
4	I didn't order any food, just stopped in here to check the place out and have a drink. They have Ellis Island beer on tap so I'm a fan from the get-go. I was in here on Nov 1st, opening day. They were still working out some kinks but the place was busy and it seemed like a good atmosphere. The patrons were happy and the staff was enthusiastic about the opening. I will be back to sample some grub and have another brew next time I'm out that way.
5	Pleasantly surprised. I've eaten at metro pizza before in town so I knew what to expect when it came to the food. When I say I was surprised it is because we went on their second day they were open and everything was spot on. Normally going in the first week a place is open you kind of have to expect slow service as they work out the kinks and get in a rhythm. This was definitely not the case here. The hostess was very nice and seated us within the wait she quoted. I can't say enough about our waitress, I wish I had gotten her name but she was amazing from start to finish! The pizzas and salads came out and they were cooked perfectly. We ordered a white pizza and a pepperoni. We will definitely be back very soon as this is only a 5 minute drive from our house.
5	I LOVE Metro Pizza!! So much that I live on the Northwest side of town and would travel to Henderson just to get some of this delicious pie/pizza! Lol Now that we have a Northwest location I went and dined here asap! The pizzas amazing and the nuclear fries are the best!!
3	We checked out Metro on the first Friday night it was open.  There were four of us.  We ordered on separate checks and that was to blame for the rest of the events.  Our order was nuclear fries, and 2 small pizzas.  Our friend's order was garlic knots and 2 small pizzas.  We ordered at the same time, from the same waitress.   We also ordered another round of drinks with the food.  2 beers and a wine - same beer that had been ordered for the 90 minutes we had already been there.The beers arrived and were a different color - the waitress said they were what we ordered.  No, they also tasted different so two new one were brought to the table, they were the right color and flavor.  The waitress tells us that she put in our order correct.  Hmmm.The nuclear fries show up -stick with pizza, not fries.  They were literally frozen fries with some cayenne dried spice sloppily sprinkled on top.  Another order of fries show up, we said we have our, waiting for garlic knots.  Our waitress brings the garlic knots and extra fry order, tells us she put in the order correct, not sure what happened.  Okay, humm.Our friend's 2 pizzas show up.  We wait...conversation with our waitress after 20 minutes is that our pizzas should be out shortly, not sure what is taking so long because she put our orders in at the same time.  10 more minutes, the manager comes over, our pizzas are going in now, friend's pizzas are now cold because they were waiting for ours.  He was totally professional, took back their pizzas, made fresh ones so all 4 could be served together.  More beer is ordered while we wait.  Just before 10pm the 4 pizzas arrive.  Our waitress asks if everything is okay, and doesn't know what happened because she put in our order correctly.  Enough already!  Still waiting for beer now.  We all taste a slice or two of our pizzas but now it's late, we're tired (we're in our 30s so we can't stay out late like we used to) and we want to go.  Because I was so hungry and didn't get food until so late, it was all a blur and all I can really remember is how our waitress had no idea what was going on because she did everything correct.  Whatever, it is what it is.  Of course we'll go back because we purchased the 2 for 1 gift certificates they had on special last week.
1	When we sat down we had to wait for 5 minutes before our server showed up.  We decided to order everything all at once and our food came but didn't have napkins or silverware.  We didn't see our server for about 10 min.  Next time I'm just going to order takeout.  Crappy service
5	Yay!!!! So glad this location is finally open!!!!! Being from Vegas I grew up eating at Metro Pizza. Who from here didn't?!?!  The pizza is so darn good that we would drive across town to the Flamingo or Trop location because it tasted that good. So, to have one after all these years right in the neighborhood is just such a bonus!I will say this. The parking is odd. They have 2 separate doors. One is for take out orders and the other is for being seated inside the restaurant to eat. It isn't well marked so either door could look like either door. We parked near the take out and were eating inside. We needed a handicapped spot. The curb you step onto from the parking lot to go inside is very high. Please be careful of this anybody could easily trip and fall. I believe it could be meant to be a ramp for wheelchairs but when walking you have no choice but to step over it and it could easily be missed if your talking or looking around.The inside is huge! There were tons of staff hustling around inside. They have a bar so you can just pop in for a drink or even have a drink before being seated or waiting on someone. There is a hostess stand where you wait to be seated and we were greeted and seated right away. A moment later a bread basket was dropped off at the table. Yum! The server came to take our drink orders and she was very friendly, nice and took great care of us. We ordered some "Garlic Knots". Delish!  They have meatball sliders that I have had in the past and they use the garlic knots for the bread you should give those a try!I had the "South Side". It is a stuffed pizza and SO good! It has 3 cheeses (mozzarella, ricotta, romano) and came with a side of sauce. I love their sauce! I ordered the individual size but let me tell you it is so stuffed with cheese that this is a sharable or a take home for another meal kind of a pizza! The inside is very clean. The moment after someone leaves they are wiping down the tables and everything on it. They have a monthly calendar that has daily specials. You can get one inside any restaurant or directly from there website. You can also follow them on facebook.We were very pleased and will for sure be back!
2	We went in for the evening meal on a Friday, we were seated in a reasonable time frame but the restraint was very noisy and not much for ambiance. We ordered our pizza and due to my wife having allergies the pie was asked to only have sauce on one side. When the pizza arrived it was not to order. We asked for a personal size pizza to be made so she could eat. By the time her pizza arrived I was done earthing and had to have the smaller pizza boxed and saved for later. Although the the small pie was comped we go out to eat as a couple. The pizza was runny and not worth the money. It was comparable to Dominoes except for the price. I don't believe we will be going back to this wanna be pizzeria.
4	I love pizza and metro pizza is no exception.. unlike most pizza joints this is a full restaurant with ample seating and other items on the menu. Did I mention they also have a full bar! The pizza's and food items are not the best in town, except for the mac-n-cheese, I think it is the best! I used to work in a pizza joint in So Ca and I know the amount of work that goes into making fresh dough, sauce and prep. However the prices here are still too high. If you have access to the metro guys calendar then go on the special days and make sure you mention the special and you will definitely get a bang for your buck!
4	My wife and I finally here last nite. Nice and roomy, service was great. Loved the pizza, awesome crust. We did have the calimari appetizer, not a fan of the cornmeal breading though. Overall definitely would come back.
4	I like the trop location and this location. The metro is really tasty!
5	This place is pretty close to a five star rating, oh well heck - I just changed it to 5 stars.The northwest needed a nonchain and nongaming restaurant like this.The place is very roomy and open inside.  It has a welcome family feeling to the atmosphere here.  I have been there twice and the service has been good.  Also, they have specials everyday.  They had a special for the Rebel game, and in this town that has little support for the basketball program, this deserves a high five!The garlic knots were really good.  The bread they bring out to the table tastes great too, I would buy a loaf to take home.This time we ordered a spring street pizza with regular crust.  Meatballs, ricotta, red peppers, green peppers and topped with fresh basil.  The basil was a nice touch because the aroma gets the taste buds going right away.  The sauce is tasty - not too sweet but a nice fresh tomato taste.  The crust on their regular pizza is somewhat thin but still holds up well to the heap of toppings.  The crust had a nice crunch to it too.They have a thick crust option and stuffed pizzas too.  The prices are reasonable especially if you consider one pie could fill up 3-4 regular eaters.  I was stuffed on 2 pieces.This place just does what a restaurant is supposed to do: good service, they take pride in their food offerings, clean and welcoming atmosphere and fair prices.  It makes it obvious why some places are busy and some places close down...
4	Great spacious dinning area for family, friends and co workers. Pizza was delivered in a timely maner (20min). Prices are reasonable here. Courteous waiters and clean restaurant.
4	I've been here twice now. The first time I went the service was mediocre but the food was good. My second time my server (I think her name was Courtney) was great and the food was very good. We ordered hot wings and pizza and ate every last bite. I also grabbed gelato as we were walking out and it was fantastic! I sampled all of them (of course), but my favorites were the classic spumoni and the strawberry. I will be back!
5	Love this place!Excellent service, excellent pizza and pasta. The bread was fantastic. Family friendly without being annoying to non-kid tables.
5	New to the NW Las Vegas area and after hearing so many good things about Metro Pizza, I had to check it out! Everyone was right: great food, service, cleanliness.  And I absolutely love the gelato bar!!
4	Pizza is far from my favorite type of food but I just can't get enough of Metro! We waited anxiously for this location to open and since opening day, we've been there quite a few times. While I love Metro, I have to give them only 4 stars, mainly for consistency issues...Let me talk about the food first though. By far, my wife and I's favorite pizza here is the buffalo chicken. It is just flat out good. The chicken and blue cheesed mixed with onions are celery are a perfect combination. And the buffalo sauce they use is great, super good buffalo taste and its not too spicy but not too mild either. There other pizzas are really good too. From the not so usual seafood pizza to your standard pepperoni, they just make good pizza! Appetizers are mostly good too. We can't talk about Metro without bringing up the bread. When you get it hot and fresh, it's hard not to get yourself nearly full on the bread. The garlic knots are a must try! I also really like the meatball sliders which they use garlic knots as the bun for. If you're in the mood for wings, Metro has decent wings also. The only thing I don't like too much are the fries. They use a great spice on the nuclear fries but the fries themselves just aren't quite there. Like I mentioned, Metro has some consistency issues. We went opening night and I can tell you it's gotten way better since then, but they still have some kinks to work out. We've had some not so great service and sometimes the pizza doesn't come out like it did the last time. Less toppings or sauce, whatever it may be. The other thing that bothers me is the bread inconsistency. Since we love the bread so much, it's disappointing getting a burnt loaf or one that's cold.Metro is a must try in my opinion. They are a little on the expensive side but the monthly calendar with daily deals are great. And if you can make it during a weekday for the 50% off deal, its a perfect way to try it for the first time.
4	I really enjoy this place. When I lived on the other side of town (Trop&Pecos) I went to their other location pretty frequently. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was long wait times. It wasn't exceptionally busy, there was just a lot of chatter between staff. I understand. It's slow. No worries but that's why I'm not giving 5 stars. Service was good, it was just lack of communication.
2	Ordered delivery from This location tonight. $$ 5 $$ delivery charge plus a tip. The delivery guy didn't know if he received all, part or any of the delivery charge. Metro Pizza is my husbands favorite. It must be the location, which sucks because we needed a new place to eat in this area. Fries showed up soggy. The salad I ordered was not good at all. I chose the one with salami and ham...it was very bland, the meats weren't tasty and somewhat old and the lettuce tasted dirty. My husband said the pizza was just ok. 49$$ for pizza and salad Is only worth it if its delicious. I'm so disappointed  ...Rosatis it stays.  Their feta salad is to die for!
5	I had three pizzas delivered...and...oh yeah...they hit the spot! The pizzas arrived within the time frame stated (1 hr) and they were still nice and hot despite the cold weather. The delivery guy asked me to check my pizzas for accuracy before he left (ooops...something I never do) and they were exactly as ordered!
5	That is some great pizza!!!!
4	The food is great, and service is usually pretty good.  My only complaint is the noise level.  The acoustics of this place are lousy!
4	What I miss about my New York heritage is the food that I grew up with. Especially the egg plant Parmesan hero on toasted bread. Metro Pizza has reunited me with the eggplant Parmesan hero on toasted bread. The majority of the time that I dine in Metro Pizza this is what I order.   This location is the newest Metro Pizza to open in  Las Vegas. Ever since we drove back from the Spring Mountains this previous summer, I have been anticipating the opening of the restaurant.   In a way, this Metro Pizza is roadside architecture. It stands at the northeast corner of US 95 and the 215, where the spaghetti bowl of the northwest valley will probably be built. At the time that I write this, the motorist has to maneuver through a maze of roadways to access the parking lot from US 95. Once in the parking lot, you are looking at the back of the building. You have to walk around the building to get inside. When you get to the front of the building, there are two entrances. One is a take out entrance in a room that sells gelatos  and other foods. The second entrance is for dining in.  The dining room is large, and I feel nicely themed. To the right is a bar with flags of colleges hanging above. Toward the back is a mural of popular pizza families. To the back left is the open kitchen. And to the left is the take out room slash bakery. Throughout the restaurant is sufficient seating.   Before entering Metro Pizza my mind was decided on ordering the eggplant Parmesan hero on toasted bread. At a cost of around $10, it is worth the money. Especially when it includes french fries. For the most part, I was happy with the hero. I do have a tiny weenie complaint. The hero could of been warmer.  In general the service was good. Yeah, there was a wait for the food. I expected that on a Friday night. Our waitress was on top of the complimentary dinner roll refills. By the way, I ended up filling up on them. Toward the end of the meal, the waitress probably had a brain fart. This would be one of the strangest moments I experienced dining out. It was material for a Sinfeld episode. When the meal ended, my brother and I ordered coffee. A few minutes later, our waitress returns to the table. She goes up to my brother and says this is the last of the coffee and we are brewing more. I am thinking, "Excuse me. Am I invisible? Could you have asked if one of us wanted the coffee, or let us know that more coffee was coming on the way?" Feeling like the ghost of Metro Pizza, I sat there watching my brother sip coffee for what seemed like a good five minutes. When I returned to being a physical being again, the waitress presented me with coffee served in an Izzy cup. I was under the impression that they brewed their own coffee. They serve Izzy coffee. My taste buds regard it as decent. If I had brought it in a coffee shop I would of added a flavored syrup to it.   I will return to Metro Pizza. Their egg plant Parmesan hero is a product that keeps me coming back.........This is review 68 of my 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge......
3	Having spent my early 20's around the UNLV area, I was pretty familiar with the metro Pizza around campus.  So I was pretty excited to see one open up on the Northwest side of Vegas.Here is the deal though ... Things that seems amazing from college tend to fall short when stacked up against other options, Metro Pizza is in that boat.  When I was in college it was pretty damn good and one of the better pizzas around, at least I thought so.  Now it's just average.I am a fan of the nuke fries and garlic knots though.  Those withstood the post college taste test.  The pizza on the other hand is just okay.
2	Came here when it wasn't too busy, and the service ended up being terrible. After waiting 15 minutes, I literally had to get up and find a waiter. Then waited another 10 minutes just to receive our drinks. Ordered some appetizers and pizza and after another long wait, it was just alright. Maybe I'll be back to try again, but not for awhile.
5	Everything was amazing from start to finish.  They are very accommodating to families and specifically the children.  I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the place, the layout and interesting things for customers to see.  The teamwork was very evident as servers from other stations are constantly helping each other and paying attention to the whole restaurant instead of just their tables.  The quality of the food is very high and even though the owners were not personally walking around or even at the restaurant the customer feels like they are right there because of the family feel and the importance they have showed to detail in the overall organization of the restaurant.  It feels like one of "those" neighborhood secret pizza parlors but in fact they are a local chain with numerous locations.  Thank you Metro Pizza!  We will be back frequently.I ordered an amazing salad with fresh pears and candied nuts in it.... Amazing  My Son ordered the kids pizza with bacon... he can't wait to go back!
5	*** #400 ***Having enjoyed other Metro Pizza locations in the Las Vegas valley, I entered this relatively new establishment with an objective but hopeful attitude that the food and dining experience here would be on a plane with its predecessors.  And, once I found myself inside the brightly lit space of this spacious, freshly painted facility after passing through a very inauspicious entrance, I was not disappointed.   We began with great buttered bread, which was actually made of pizza dough with sesame seeds.  This was followed by an overflowing large Dinner Salad with mixed  greens, carrot shavings, Red Onion, croutons, pepperoncini, and a really zesty, red Italian Dressing.  An order of Kid's Spaghetti with a fairly dense Meatball and Bolognese Sauce was mild and quite tasty; and a large 16" Pepperoni, Mushroom, & Tomato Pizza was excellent and just as I had hoped: saucy, cheesy, and delicious with mildly spicy pepperoni, fresh spongy mushrooms, and cooked circular tomatoes.  Diane's large Ham Pizza with Extra Cheese was also first-rate, with thin and tasty irregular squares of ham.  A cool and refreshing Chocolate Gelato with Chocolate Chunks was a fine end to a memorable meal.  Service was friendly and helpful.  The spic-and-span surroundings, including red and white checkered tablecloths, created a pleasurable environment.  And, for beer aficionados, an inviting bar with several brews on tap is prominently featured alongside the dining room. The remaining New-York-style pizza slices were just as delicious warmed up in an oven the next two days.  I look forward to many more enjoyable meals here.
2	I have been going to Metro Pizza since I was a wee young foodie, and I have always loved the food and the service.  There is no question why their pizza wins Best of Las Vegas  nearly every year.  Having said that, the family and I went to try the newest edition located in the northwest off the 95 between the 215 exit and Durango.  The experience was less than stellar overall.  The ambiance and the appearance of the new Metro is wonderful.  It is very open and inviting, and the seating is well spaced.  The decor is great, with a mix of old-world Italy and sports banners hanging in the bar area.  After being seated, we were greeted in a fairly good amount of time (within about 5 minutes) and the server started out on point.  That is where the point became a jagged line.  After our drink orders were in, we asked for a kid's cup for our son, and never saw it (after asking two additional times for it).  The lack of attention continued for us throughout the meal.  I did run to the restroom to verify that I was, in fact, still visible to the human eye just in case there was an anomaly, but alas I was not transparent.  The orders were finally taken and the food did arrive to the table in a more than reasonable timeframe. The food is still exceptional, and even though this is a new location the quality is still very much the same as I would expect from Metro.  The service, on the other hand, continued to deteriorate at an alarming rate.  After receiving our food.  We did not see our server again until nearly 20 minutes later.  We had to ask another server for a refill of our beverages, and there was never a follow-up from our server until that 20 minute mark.  When she did finally show up, my wife asked for to-go containers and a slice of their carrot cake for our son.  The boxes did show up, but we never saw the carrot cake, or even the check for that matter!  20 more minutes passed and the server was seen checking on other tables and completely ignored us.  This was the final straw.  We called the manager over to express our frustration and concern over the missing cake that our son was now asking every 3 seconds for (never keep a 5-year-old away from his dessert).  The manager was very courteous and did state that he had noticed the poor service (which is the first concern I have.  If he is aware of the poor service, why wasn't he out there to begin with?) and wanted to make sure that we were taken care of.  This was a very disappointing trip and one that I will have to think hard about returning to this location for. This restaurant's only saving grace is the food is fantastic and well worth a normal wait.  I hope that they are able to correct their poor service issues.
5	The best or one of the best Pizzerias Around Las Vegas, enough said.
4	Alittle on the pricey side, but if you go when they have the half off deals or some other special on a pizza, it's worth it. My fav is definitely the garlic knots, but I didn't find the pizza to be all that.The place was set up nice and it was clean, and the waitress was very attentive. Will probably return and get another pizza whenever those specials roll out again.
4	Enjoyed the food! A little pricey, but overall we liked everything we ordered.  (Nuclear fries and a large pizza 1/2 Memphis and 1/2 Modesto) We will go back and also recommend to friends who are looking for a good pizza place.The place is spacious and overall staff service was great.  Our food arrived quickly and our server made sure to check on us often.
2	I still don't know why people are so in love with this chain. I went once for their one slice for charity and didn't like it, but I thought I would give them another try, for reals this time.I wasn't surprised by the still mediocre food give to us. First off, the cheapest large pizza this place has is 17$. That's just for a cheese pizza, and it goes up to nearly 30$ for specialty ones. Luckily we came here during their half off time- which is nearly everyday at a certain time. It should be a warning when a place has  half off their food nearly everyday;  it is ridiculous to pay full price for this food.It's very bland, in my opinion. The sauce tastes like glorified ketchup, and the cheese is tasteless. The garlic knots were only good because of the cheesy powder they are covered with, but again, the sauce that comes with them is not very good. I hear a lot about the crust, but I don't see what people crave about it. Service was alright, there were only a few tables occupied (which is strange since this place is so big and SO popular) and we waited a long time to be seated and served. Overall this place is ok, if you pay half price (8$) for their cheapest pie, but other than that, you won't see me here.
3	Took a long time to get two calzones. The food was good though.
3	Metro is OK. They have good Pizza's. I'm personally all about the Foundation (Crust) so that why I give them 3 stars. If you can't eat the crust by itself, its not Great Pizza. Just OK.
1	went to metro pizza on sky point dr. last night ordered a large triple play pizza. over $24.00 for a large pizza!!!! it was a thin crust ridiculous! one of the most expensive pizzas we ever ordered! it was ok but $24.00 wasn't worth it. if that wasn't bad enough my brand new car got keyed on the whole passenger side!!! car's 4 months old hasn't even had first oil change yet. I know it wasn't metro's fault but we were parked in their handicap parking {we're both handicapped and hung our sign up} trouble with this metro  their parking lot is way off to the side and far from the restaurants entrance so yeah makes easy target to vandalize patrons cars.called police filed complaint and talked to metro's manager on duty.advised him to maybe put camera out in parking lot and for him to call police so they can watch parking lot when cruising the area. told me he will have owner give me a call. of course that never happened! yesterday evening ended up making this the most expensive pizza we ever had.typical owner could give a damn about trouble we had outside his restaurant!!! we will never set foot in metro pizza ever again.just a warning to all the public be wary of eating in this establishment cause your vehicles will be at risk when you park in metro's parking lot.
5	Best best pizza in Vegas! I lived in Italy this is the closet I have found to Italy!!! Awesome salads! Awesome service!!
5	I wish I could list all the things I love about metro but I don't think anyone would actually sit and read a review for hours. We've been coming here since 2002, we've been to all locations, and we have never had a bad meal or bad service. When family comes into town from San Diego, they usually meet us here...as in they don't even want to come to our house to drop their luggage off. Lately, this has us wondering, are they here to see us or are they here for the Metro Pizza?? They demand we eat here at least 2x per visit. Just the other day, my husband used the Pasta Pie (a must try) as a fantasy football trade incentive. The pizza is that powerful. The latest pizza we ordered--with the always perfect, thick metro crust, had to be the best ever. The crust was so perfect; thick but airy, crisp yet soft. After a decade of enjoying this pizza, you don't think it can actually get better. But it does. Each pizza is a masterpiece...and that's exactly how they treat it.
5	Great pizza. Good beer.  Paul, the manager is the best. He always takes care of his patrons.
5	Amazing food!!! You always know if you are in the right place when you walk into a packed restaurant!!! The garlic balls are amazing, the beer is cold, and the pizza is perfect!
4	First of all, I love pizza of all kinds, so there was no way my review of this place wasn't going to be above 3 stars. I've been here a couple of times, once with a large group, once with a friend and once for a takeout order.Take out was fast and efficient and the young woman working was super friendly. When we dined in with a large group our server was friendly as well. When ordering with a large group, I wasn't sure how long we'd be waiting with ordering such a large amount of pizza; however, after we had ordered they all came out in about 10 min. The pizza is good too! My favorites are the Parthenon and the BBQ Chicken. Likewise, if you visit and don't get the garlic knots you must just be crazy.My only gripe and why I took off a star is because they only have two sizes- a small (9")-- [around $13.50 for a BBQ chicken] and a large (16") [around $26.95 for a BBQ chicken]. No size between the two! So if for instance, you go with a friend and you guys want to share a pizza and a salad, be prepared to leave hungry or leave with a lot of leftovers. :/
4	Fairly new location.  Great food and environment.  Perhaps I'm slightly biased growing up in Vegas, visiting this chain on occasion.  You can't go wrong.
2	I live literally walking distance from this eatery. My husband and I decided to order a large pizza to go. ALMOST $30 for a large pizza?!?!? Are you kidding me? The pizza was good but nothing out of the ordinary....$5 Hot N Readys from now on....
2	My husband and I have dined at this and other Metro Pizza locations many times before and never had an experience like we did today. Both of us work in the industry and I have a degree in Food Service Management from UNLV.  We have a 3 month old baby so it is hard for us to get out of the house to go out and eat that is why we chose Metro becuase we usually get in and out very quickly and with great service.  We arrived at 4:50pm and were seated promptly by the hostess.  3 minutes later after we were sat and no server had greeted out table, the hostess returned and took our drink order, my tea came quickly but it took over 10 minutes for my husband to get his beer.  I noticed that once our server arrived after we had been there for 10+ minutes the hostess had sat the server 3 tables before she even walked on the floor, of which we were the first, yet we were greeted last and all she had to say was, "sorry I just got on the floor and its really busy".  The hostess should not have been seating someone who had yet entered the floor for her shift unless someone else was going to greet the tables.  The server was the one who finally brought the beer to the table then gave us a few more minutes (not that we needed them) to look over the menu. She came back to take our order then left.  I watched as she was sat a 4th table and instead of greeting them right away she was standing at the bar talking with another server for 2-3 minutes until she went to greet her new table.  Meanwhile we have not recieved our table bread that all other tables around us had been brought while they were waiting.  Being that we have an infant with us we didnt have much time left to eat befroe we needed to leave.  (It had been about 40 minutes at this point.) She brought the pizzas over and mine was not what I had ordered so she took it back to the kitchen and then blamed the mistake on the cooks for handing her the wrong pizza.  We asked her to box up the pizzas for us because we had to leave.  We were clearly upset but she never even bothered to ask if we wanted to speak with a manager or if there was anything she could do for us.  We told her we work in the industry and she said "Oh good so you know what I'm going through." WRONG, I work fine dining and my husband works quick service and neither of us were EVER trained to treat customers as she had.  Take ownership of your actions, customers don't want to hear you blame all of you co-workers for mistakes.  When I was a freshman at UNLV John Arena (one of the owners of Metro Pizza) came into my hospitality 101 class to talk about his buisness and it's culture and from then I have always recommended and frequented his restaurants and I know he would be disapointed to hear about the experience we had at his restaurant tonight.... Severely disappointed. :( Courtney was out server.
1	We had a party there for my daughter's birthday. The pizza was undercooked and doughy. We sent it back to be recooked. It wasn't any better. The pasta was bland and not worth the money. I had booked the party through the catering manager.  The manager never came over to see how the refired food was or how our party was going. I have been in the restaurant business for over 25 years. As a manager I always touched every table to make sure things were good and made a point of checking back several times on tables that had problems. The manager never checked to see how things were nor did the catering manager check back to see how things were. I guess spending $200 at a pizza place doesn't rate a call or followup. I will never go back. We tried to fix the pizza at home and we couldn't get the dough cooked. The server was great and tried to flux the problem, but the management, kitchen and catering staff failed. I will never recommend metro pizza and have told my friends who are also in the business about my experience and they won't go either. I like little small places but not this one. Way over priced  and the food was horrible. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!! We should have gone to Rosati's, its much better.
4	The food was really good, but despite being there incredibly early the kids' food came out quickly while the adults' food didn't come out until the kids' good was already gone or already cold. That was a bummer!
4	We just had a takeout pizza and salad, and both are very, very good.
4	The best pizza in Vegas. If you like thick crust, you have to try the Metro thick crust. It is amazing. The only negative with this place is the price, but sometimes you get what you pay for.
2	We brought some out of town guests for lunch on New Years day.  When our waitress came to our table my husband started to ask if they had a nutrition guide for their kids menu.  Before he could finish she curtly said "No". He politely finished his sentence, explaining that our 7 year was diabetic and we needed the information to calculate her insulin.  She then said, just as rudely "still no, do you want to place your drink orders?" We did stay, but only because we brought people and we felt bad.  The service did not improve and it took a very long time to receive our food even though the restaurant was not busy.  I'm sorry, I don't care how good your food is.  It does not make up for poor customer service.
4	First time here. Came in because I was jonesing something fierce for spaghetti. Got the takeout and was hoping this wasn't going to be a Leo Getz situation. Well I'm G2G. The pasta is very nice. Went with the meat sauce and am satisfied. Huge place. Lots of space. Happy staff. They actually look like they're happy to be there. Go figure. Will definitely be back for a sit down.
5	GREAT FOOD & GREAT SERVICE!!! This place has become a regular for my family. The food is always fresh and delicious and everyone who works there is very pleasant. Definitely recommend the garlic knots. They are a ball of heavenly goodness and I could literally make a meal out of just these.
5	We stumbled upon this gem a couple of months after moving here. Lucky us. Fresh, simple, yummy pizza. The cheese, sauce and crust are simply perfect. We love coming here because we can trust that we will get great pizza every time. Very casual, family friendly, fast service, consistently good food. It's become our only choice for pizza.  My husband and I can usually share a personal pizza and a side salad (I love the house dressing).  We tried the wings the other day...OMG...sooooo good.   And they have Angry Orchard hard cider on tap! We LOVE Metro! Fresh, delicious, consistent, friendly, fast...perfect!
3	I tried a couple of their pizzas and I've gotta say it was  decent. It's not the best, but its worth trying. I really liked their minestrone soup, you can tell they use fresh veggies and not can veggies  when they made it. Overall, it was ok. I'm gonna try this place one more time and try other items on the menu... Maybe I'm missing something, after all they did win best of Las Vegas for a reason.
1	Wed afternoon, only 4 people in the place and THE COOK FORGOT TO MAKE OUR PIZZA???? REALLY???????The waiter brought us some one elses pizza too.. The manager DID NOT EVEN OFFER TO TAKE IT OFF OUR BILL. Said the GM wouldn't allow it. But would buy us dessert? HA HA i just wanted what i ordered.We always eat early to avoid long waits and bad service BOY DID WE GET TRICKED!!!!!! My family and I will NEVER EVER GO THERE AGAIN, TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! And I let them have too!
5	We love the pizza here. Only problem is they are so busy all the time. The server at our last visit forgot everything. We had to remind him several times for drinks, ranch and napkins. Overall great pizza.
4	Not being a huge pizza lover my opinion may be skewed. That being said, this place serves up some unique combinations as well as an outstanding antipasti platter. It's very close to my house and the kids really like it so I've been here a few times. The ravioli was ordered on our most recent visit and good googly moogly it was HUGE. The whole plate was one giant ravioli, not several individual ones. The marinara sauce isn't overly acidic or bold. It's actually a very mild understated sauce, which i like. The ravioli had very thin delicate pasta surrounding the ricotta cheese middle and it worked wonderfully with the sauce. I've had the stuffed cheese pizza with sauce served in the side and that's delicious as well. The gelatto is creamy perfection, coming in flavors like salted caramel and banana with chocolate chip. My only disappointment was the garlic rolls. They are too much dry dough, not enough butter and garlic. Plus they're too big for the butter to penetrate. They're dry and not as good as the complimentary bread served when you sit down.
1	Food was bad, service was bad. Definitely not best pizza like they advertise. Pasta was Terrible! Don't order the fettucini!
5	Well, it was back to this Metro Pizza emporium for the second time.  And, once again it did not disappoint.  This time, besides the fine small Dinner Salad with great homemade zesty Italian Dressing, which really wasn't that small, I opened with Metro Pizza's double delicious homemade Pizza Dough Bread and butter, along with a medium-sized bowl of Minestrone Soup.  By the size of this bowl, I learned that ordering the large variety would probably have put me under the table before my pizza had even arrived.  This scratch made soup was every bit as good as the one I have had at the Tropicana Avenue location.  It bristled with cooked carrots, tomato, zucchini, White Onions, and even Italian Green Beans in a robust tomato-based broth.  But its crowning feature was Mozzarella Cheese melted over the top.  Ahhh!  It was a most savory and comforting soup!Still, as it should have been, the highlight of my meal was the pizza.  I went all in for a five-topping large New York style pizza.  My selected toppings were pepperoni, mushrooms, sausage, cooked sliced tomatoes, and cashews that Diane brought from home.  When this pizza arrived, it was perfect!  The pepperoni and sausage were mild as I prefer; it glistened with baked cashews; the dough was firm yet supple at the same time; all ingredients joined to burst with flavor and complement each other; and the large slices reflected the perfect blended balance of cheese and sauce.  A first-rate New York style pizza in every respect!  Meanwhile, Diane greatly enjoyed her large New York style pizza of ham, cashews, and extra cheese.We arrived with a full unopened can of salted whole cashews, and after we inquired about whether any remained, our server checked and informed us that none were left.  If the prep staff ate the remainder in the kitchen, we didn't care.  But there were so many cashews covering our two pizzas that it is possible that the entire contents of the can were dumped on top.  I appreciated this accommodation in any event, for not every pizza parlor will accept cashews to add from the outside, and we have found some places that will only augment their in-house ingredients if the can or bag of cashews has not been opened.  As you can probably tell, I like cashews topping my pizzas, and Diane simply loves them as her favorite pizza ingredient besides extra cheese.  Service was a little slow on initial water and other drink arrivals, but exemplary after then.  And my La Voce Club Card was honored for a 10% discount on our meals.  It was all good!I gobbled down half of my pizza, and enjoyed the rest at home within the next three days for two lunches.  It still tasted great after being reheated in the oven!  Metro Pizza's pizzas retain their flavors and have extraordinary staying power.
3	Sometimes you just know it's going to be one of those days. Third trip to Metro. Last checkin was the first sit down. Took wifey with me for one of those evening out things.  Deena was our server and she was terrific. Problem was, she wasn't supposed to be our server.  She was doing the emergency cover for the person whose section we were sitting in.Never found out who that wayward soul was. Got seated and then got forgotten. Wow! When was the last time that happened? It's been a while.  The food was top shelf as always and it was all you can eat pasta night. Happy about the food, a little salty about the service. Once is an oops, twice is a trend. Going to give it one more shot just to check.  I'll let you know.  Should give this a one star for being forgotten. Three stars because the food was on point and Deena went the extra yard to make up for the nameless laggard who apparently forgot that if people sit in your section you might want to find out why they are there. Who knows, they could actually be customers looking to order food.
1	Food was okay. But the server was horrible. Leticia (sp?)  had brown thin hair. She was rude, rolled her eyes and disregarded anything that we had to. Favorite part of the visit was the cannoli. But, I will never go back due to her service. She seemed to have personal friends at another table and spent all her time chatting with them.
5	This is our "go-to" pizza spot! I'm from the northeast so my pizza standards are high! Ingredients are fresh, homemade and the menu is creative. My favorite is just the plain pepperoni east side pizza. Garlic knots and meatball sliders are also great- worth the indulgence of carbs :).
4	A-ok
1	Got a follow-up call today from management at the e Sky Pointe location.  Manager made took some concerns to a new level...I will not visit this property again and I feel for the servers who work for an arrogant @$$.  Was so looking forward to pizza and a beer.  Pizza here is quite good.  Beer selection is below average.  Had to settle for an unknown craft beer at a nationally known price.  Asked server about beer selection and was told they stick to Italian beer.  Gee...Stella is Belgian...Sam Adams (which they were out of) is American.  Could not identify an Italian offering.  50% of all available was craft and nobody could make a comparison.  C'mon man!!!!!!!
1	This review is for pick up only. What's going on here? This local chain seems to be spreading themselves thin. I've been to their other location on the eastside and found their pizza to be just okay.. But damn those garlic knots were tough as rhymes with (hockey) puck.. Pretty sure they were old. To top it all off, according to the girlfriend, they were rude up front and too preoccupied with their cellphones to give a damn. Eh, it's all good though cause we need establishments such as these to remind us of good food and service when we see it.
3	My parents have been bragging about this place.. I finally made it! With them of course.Let's start with the good stuff... Well we ordered some sausage overload pizza OMG soooooo good.. Next our waitress.. After asking three times for plates I finally got up and stole it from a table. Not to mention her lack of personality and poor attitude. The food... Calamari came with two different sauces no one would've guessed that if I hadn't said something. Aren't you supposed to explain to a guest what you're dropping off at the table?! My parents ordered a meat lovers pizza with thin crust... Except they brought a Hawaiian that wasn't even close to thin and the waitress argued that was the thinnest even though mine was incredibly thin. Waited ANOTHER 20 minutes for the new pizza and SHOCKER they rushed it so hard that it was undercooked and doughy. Waitress continues to argue with us and it takes a manager a good 10 minutes to come to our table to resolve this.Long story short.. The pizza was taken off, the waitress forgot about a box for the pizza after asking multiple times and got herself a well earned tip.
3	It was my 1st time at this location and I wasn't very impressed. Service and food quality is not what I recall from my previous visits to Metro Pizza at other locations. It was a slow Sunday night when I walked in and everything seemed disorganized from the hostess to the wait staff, although my order and tab was correct. I sat down and placed a beer order, then waited, received the beer and proceeded to order food: meatball sliders. Then I sat around for 10-15 min just playing on my phone, starving and wondering why they hadn't brought over a bread basket. Eventually the bread arrived before I asked about it, but I barely had a couple bites when my food arrived. The sliders were good overall but the buns seemed over toasted and were super hard. 1 of the top buns even looked charred and burnt...this is not how I remember it from previous experience. The buns were so hard that I had to be very careful eating it, worrying that my teeth or brackets would bust off trying to finish my meal. I'm hoping it was just an off night here because I used to be a big fan of Metro. Maybe next time I'll stick with the pizza.
5	Was in a few nights back. We were quickly seated. Food was great! Service was great! We will be back soon!
4	*We went opening weekend* Good pizza, the service was great. Chris & Paul were great. The kitchen was a little slow but it was packed and it was opening weekend, we didn't hold it against them. Even with the kitchen being slow our service was so great we barely noticed. We will be going again.
2	I have been a regular Friday customer of metro pizza for seven years. My husband would grab two pies on his way home from work from the trop location. Always had the best pizza. And it's quite the haul to our house so the pizza was always somewhat cold. We didn't mind though. The pizza was always perfect. When they opened the sky pointe store we were very excited because we would have hot pizza. The last several weeks, however, the pizza  has been awful. The sauce seems watered down, the outer crust is so flaky it crumbles with every bite and the center of the pizza has been soggy.  Another wonderful pizza place trying to be a chain and seems to be failing.
3	Calamari was ok, breaking was that crispy but overall it was good.  Ordered New York style because it was the special.  Not impressed with the crust. Usually the crust is nice and crispy.  This time it seemed like there was too much sauce because the crust was soaked and chewy.  Sauce and cheese were good.  Still hasn't swayed me. Metro is still totally worth it.
5	This is a review for their food and delivery service.I ordered their stuffed pasta pizza. Everything in it was spot on. It was not greasy, which is really common when it comes to pizza and especially with stuffed pies. It's a really thick crust that had a bit of sweet to it, something that I love in pizza. It reminds me of pizza from Northern NJ and New York City, where I'm originally from.Now as for the chicken wings. They are among the best I've had. Again, it's not greasy even with the sauce on. The wings are crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I had the mild sauce and it was pretty spot on, just enough kick to it. Metro is a bit on the pricey end of the spectrum but you see it in the quality of the food you get. The delivery fee to my area was $3, which is average compared to all other delivery places. Really good service, had extra sauces for everything included. I have to say that Metro is worth the extra money for the quality of food you get.
5	Good food and great service!It was our first time to Metro Pizza.  We were there on a Saturday afternoon and seated in the bar area, which really isn't that separated from the rest of the dining room.  Our server, also the bartender Tony greeted us quickly and was great at suggesting some pizza choices.  We went with the Gotham.  Cooked perfect.  Loved getting some bread to start out the mealMy beer was cold, Tony shared some good jokes, great family atmosphere.  Thanks to Tony we will be back for sure!.
3	Went for pizza on Mother's Day.  We were worried it would be busy, but at 5:15 pm it was ok.  There was no one at the hostess desk....we stood for a minute or so and a waiter, who we later learned was named Ernest asked if we'd been helped.  He finished with his table, grabbed some menus and took us to a booth.  He said he'd be back with silverware.  Sure enough, he came rushing by and gave us the silverware and said he might as well take our order since he was there.  Great.....at least he is paying attention to us.  Next server to come by asks if we need drinks/order and we tell her we've been taken care of.  We ask who is the guy helping us and this is when we learn his name is Ernest.  She asks if something is wrong....saying she is one of the managers....We told her that if it weren't for Ernest, we'd still be standing by the hostess stand, that no one was there, and he took it upon himself to take care of us.  She then starts to give excuses as to why no one is around to help....a couple of large groups, needed to set up.........don't care.....You don't leave the floor empty to cater to a couple of groups and you certainly don't give that as an excuse.  Food was good....and if it weren't for Ernest, we might not return to this location.  Looking at our receipt, I see the server who got credit for waiting on us was NOT Ernest, but Jen J......I certainly hope they pool tips, because Ernest deserved the tip more than Jen.
3	We heard that Metro did a pizza "happy hour" from 2:30-4:30 (Tue-Thur) where pizzas are half off so we decided to try it. You are able to do half and half so we got half Patheon and half Piggy. Patheon was decent ingredients it was slightly bland and maybe needed seasoning on the toppings. Piggy was the opposite and was very flavorful with bbq sauce and pickles on it. Their crust was crispy, but is airier than.usual. Service was decent. We were checked on and drinks refilled. Overall, it was decent at the half off price, but not a spot I would seek or frequent.
4	Hmmm, reading through some of the recent reviews, I wonder why some people would give this place 3 stars or under. I feel, if you're going to rate somewhere and it be a deterrent to others to visit, you should have better reasoning other than the petty reasons people are listing. Just because you're having a bad day isn't a good enough reason to give a shitty review. Base it off of the food, service, cleanliness, etc. If you're in a bad mood, I'm pretty sure you're going to try to find the shittiness in everything - even though you shouldn't. I liked this place a lot. The service was fast and friendly and the food was very good. I would say that the prices are a little above my liking and that's the only reason I won't go here as often. But, I will pay extra when I want good pizza. I hate most American chains and I don't ever order from them. I don't care that it's cheaper.We had - Milano Pizza - it's their version of a white pizza. It was probably the best I've had in town. Very garlicy but they always are, and I dig me some garlic. Highly recommended if you like garlic too. Half pepperoni/half sausage and olives. It was very good. Sauce was perfect, crust perfect and toppings were very good. The only thing is there was a hell of a lot more olives than sausage, but I'm not picky. I love both. Hot wings - very delicious. Their buffalo sauce is very good here and it had the perfect amount of spice. They fried them perfectly. It wasn't too thick of breading, it was light and crispy.I would highly recommend if you're in the area or if you tire of the normal pizza joints. Overall, it's an awesome pizza place and sometimes, it's just worth paying extra money for better pizza.
1	After waiting more than 2 hours and 40 minutes for our pizza delivery without even a 'sorry' I will never order from Metro again.  Nor will I continue going to Lulu's every weekend, same owner.  After 2 hours I called and was told "oops someone put your phone number in wrong..." I was also told that the pizza was already made and on its way.  So I gave them the benefit of the doubt, I get that accidents happen but this is beyond excusable.  Waiting almost 3 hours for pizza that I still had to pay over $50 for is ridiculous.  I'll stick with Rocco's from now on.
1	Okay this review is about the pizza first of all $25 is to much for a Nasty ass pizza cover in  sun dried tomatoes OMG the worst pizza ever
3	Pizza's not bad but just a little expensive.  Service was good.  Garlic fries were very yummy.  Place is ok if you're in the mood for pizza and you're close by.
4	Went for lunch. Had the Triple Play with the addition of peppers and mushrooms. Nice thin and crispy crust. Sausage is definitely "Chicago type " sausage -- excellent.Kristie my waitress was very good and very attentive. Would go back again..
2	I usually like this place but I placed a delivery order and was told 45min to an hour, ok not bad I guess sept that when my food got here exactly an hour later it tasted like my pizza had been siting out, it's usually hot, it wasn't hot. I got a house salad and it was warm and so was my ranch, yuk. I also ordered a soda and the cup was filled with ice so just a few sips and it was gone, if you're going to get a soda ask for no ice and just get ice from your own kitchen. I called to tell the manager what happened and he said he'd remake my order and I could pick it up....um no! The whole resin I ordered it and had it delivered was so I could avoid going there and I could enjoy my meal at home. But thanks to tonight my son and I had to reheat our pizza in the oven to enjoy it and I will not eat warm ranch, I'm not getting sick. And as far as the soda, thanks for the $2 ice chips.
1	I was here last night and the food was ok. Salad was better than the pizza. Anyways I had left my hat at the table close to closing. When I called back the next morning the manager Evan was a total douche saying why didn't you come back last night if you knew you forgot it. He talked down to me like I was dumb. If there's a lost and found, employees should turn missing items in rather than taking it home. It's not about the hat, it's more about the policy of honest employees and an arrogant manager by the name of Evan who doesn't know how to handle a customers request.
4	Decent enough place although it's a tad on the pricy side.  What I do find amazing is their pizza tastes 2x better after it's been refrigerated.  Amazingly good when you have it for leftovers.
2	We used to frequent the Metro on Decatur and we were excited when they were planning a NW location.We went to their Centennial location today and were overall disappointed.  The location is great.  The decor is nice except for some silly pool toys that they had hanging from the ceiling.  It looked weird.  Service was excellent.  Hostess was very nice and our server was very good.We started with the salad with walnuts and pears.  It was huge and delicious.  Our younger kids love going there and making their own pizza.  Today was that day.  My 5-yr old and 9-yr old ordered that...but they never had a chance to make the pizza.  The menu even says "kids make their own pizza."  Much to the disappointment of my kids, their little pizzas came to the table already cooked.  Apparently they changed their policy on that special promo.  They said it was too messy.  Would've been nice to let the kids know that.We ordered the stuffed pizza for the table to share.  Unfortunately, unlike their other restaurants, the stuffed pizza here was not very stuffed.  $28 for a bunch of dough with a little bit of cheese and meat inside.  Disappointing.  The kids walked up to the gelato counter and ordered their dessert.  I think they had fun doing that.Overall a decent dinner.  Very disappointing compared to their other restaurants.  Very unlikely we would return especially with all the new great pizzerias in Vegas.
2	Putting this on yelp since Metro's website has no contact link. I have been a Metro fan from the 90's and I am now a former customer.  This location has had service issues from the get go. I kept hoping it would improve but no luck.Took my wife and son for dinner this week and as usual my son ordered a chocolate shake. We noticed he wasn't drinking it and we asked why. He said it wasn't the same as always.  Upon tasting it it was odd tasting and had dark chocolate chips in it. We asked the waiter and he said they were out of ice cream and used gelato instead.  We voiced our displeasure and he said sorry but didn't offer a refund or substitute item.How about having some integrity and letting us know you are out of ice cream when we ordered it. Then when we voice our displeasure how about taking it off the bill. Since neither happened its time to take Metro off my regular rotation. Too bad cause I couldn't wait for this location to open. Got to big to control quality.
5	Once again!! An amazing experience. We came to metro with friends visiting from out of town and they LOVED it!
1	We've been going here since it opened, and with each visit things have gotten progressively worse.  First I have to say that TISH is the BEST!!!  She is a wonderful waitress, attentive, funny, helpful - she certainly should be working somewhere else.  She is way over qualified and too professional for this place!We liked the pizza when it first opened and therefore kept coming back.  But in the last 3 months it has just gotten to be terrible... portion sizes have gotten smaller... food quality is virtually non-existent and the only thing consistent about this place is that it is inconsistent.  Our bread came to the table raw inside... all 4 loaves... I mean, come on people, this is a pizza place with a bakery next door.  You should know how to cook bread!  French fries were soggy. And the pizza - barely edible.  Now, I have to tell you, we order NY thin crust cheese pizza.  If you load your pizza with a bunch of meat/veggies, you probably won't notice a change.  But we did... sauce was tasteless!  I had to request garlic and oregano and still it tasted like dishwater on bread.  The response?  Well, it must be a new cook. Hmmm.... bad answer from the kitchen.  Manager never bothered to come over to the table to address the issue.  Next day - two people in our party had the gurgly stomachs, etc....It's too bad - the place has a nice feel - well decorated and good location.  But that doesn't make up at all for the lousy food and lack of concern from the owner/manager.  Restaurants don't run themselves....  Fortunately they aren't the only place in town - in a city this big with the vast array of options the owners should care.  But it's evident they do not.  Just like a former reviewer said, they change things and do not notify people and they just don't care about their customers.Spend your $$ someplace else.
1	My wife and I went for dinner this evening as we have done many times before. While the dinner was fine and our waiter (who was also tending bar) was excellent our experience was ruined by the to go area of the restaurant.My wife is the Store Manager of a national chain retail store and frequently treats her staff to lunch. On many occasions she has ordered a total of 6 pizzas to be delivered to the store the next day and it has never been an issue. Unfortunately tonight was different.She asked the girl behind the counter for an order to be delivered tomorrow to the store but was told "wouldn't you rather order tomorrow so it would be fresh?". I am not sure if she thought we wanted it cooked tonight and delivered tomorrow but that was not the real problem. She went to the back to ask the Manager on Duty - Paul if they could deliver tomorrow and was told no. Since my wife has done it many times before she asked to speak with the manager. Paul came out and began to make excuses like I don't know how many delivery guys I have tomorrow, the other store may take some of my delivery guys, I already know I have one order,etc. If you already have an order than apparently you do what we were asking.Since this is the age of reality shows, and Metro was actually on one, don't you think that customer service should be crucial to a manager's duties? Paul made an issue out of a normal request. We than left Metro without placing the order and proceeded to another pizzeria and placed the order with them, no issues and no excuses.I doubt my wife will ever place an order with Metro again.
1	Bad experience, and I'm not one to complain. I ordered the worst salad I've ever had in my life. All it was, was chopped lettuce with fake ham. And they actually handed me a bottle of Italian dressing instead of putting it in a cup on the side! And then when I asked the server to take the salad off the check cuz it's disgusting, she wouldnt! Seriously,  a $12 salad that I didn't even touch? And its not like thats all we ordered, we ordered pizza, a nasty calzone, & nuclear fries too so i dont know why it was such a big deal. Never going back.
3	Decided to stop in in a whim. The price wasn't too bad for the portion. The pizza is good if you don't mind all the grease. In my opinion the pizza was way too greasy and upset my stomach. However their anti pasta salad was the bomb. I will be back to get the salad. My second visit was a take out order. Double check your order because the gals tend to forget to give all your items and aren't the nicest people there. I would recommend sitting down to eat instead of taking out.
5	I have eaten pizza all over the country. I like all of the various types of pizza. Metro is one of my top go to spots in Las Vegas for New York style pizza. I love the Old New York with pepperoni added. I want high quality ingredients, a chewy crust, and the right balance of sauce. Metro always delivers.The new $14 bottle of wine deal is also a great deal. I'm giving this 5 stars because it is definitely under rated here.
1	No roasted red peppers? This place has gone down the tubes- like all good things in Vegas. I've been a patron of Metro for a few decades and the sauce must've changed because it was disgusting and unoriginal- it now tasted different. The Spring Street pizza stated roasted peppers as an ingredient- but I never imagined they'd be green because they never were before. When brought to the server's attention, even he wasn't aware because he went back to ask, I'm guessing the kitchen- or pretended to go ask- but returned and said they longer use red peppers... What? A pizza place no longer serving roasted red peppers? He wasn't even empathic to our disappointment. And to add to the bad experience, their own brand of draft beer is gross. With all the other pizza options and specialty draft brews around, Metro has officially lost two customers due to the poor quality of food and service. Good riddance.
4	Possibly one of the best pizza places to eat at in Las Vegas, not only for the food, but service as well! Typically there place is clean, the mens room could be checked on more, however myself and my family typically are happy and full upon leaving. We take a lot of out of town guest here, and they can accommodate large parties!
2	Started off kinda negative, the hostess acted like she was doing us a favor seating us in a restaurant that was about 1/2 empty. As the night went on, I couldn't help but notice that everyone got the same treatment from her. Well, not everyone, she spent the bulk of her time climbing all aver one of the servers like a mink in heat. She was plenty pleasant to him. I guess the rest of us were a distraction to her.So where is the manager? Why not make your employees behave? Meanwhile, Our server was fine and the food was above average.
5	It was time for another pizza outing, and for this one I selected this Metro Pizza location.  Once again, it did not disappoint in any way.A small Dinner Salad with lettuce, tomato slices, cucumbers, onions, Peperoncini, croutons, and zesty scratch-made red Italian Dressing got me off to a fine start paired with great chewy Pizza Dough Bread and butter.  And a "small" but really medium-sized bowl of homemade Minestrone Soup with cauliflower, carrots, zucchini, onions, and pasta rings in a hearty tomato-based broth rounded out the preliminaries before the main event.When it arrived my large 16-inch Pepperoni, Roasted Mushrooms, Sausage, and Tomatoes Pizza looked fetching and smelled great.  Both saucy and cheesy, it was a great New York-style pizza.  My only slight disappointment is that the circular slices of cooked tomato were rather small in circumference.  I also sampled a slice of Diane's Large Ham Pizza with Extra Cheese which was really tasty, as was an excellent, large and chewy Garlic Knot ordered by friends, after it was dunked deep into a small tub of heart-warming Marinara Sauce. This was a memorable meal that was savored for lunch the next day, as well as during the initial dinner.  Service was praiseworthy, and booth seating comfortable.Five stars all the way!
4	Came here for the first time last weekend and came back last night.  We have found our new favorite pizza in town.  No doubt about it!  Had a calzone the other night that was delicious and had "The Loop" (stuffed pizza) last night.  It was better than the calzone.  It is a little pricey but this isn't your typical take home or have delivered type of pizza.  You get what you pay for IMO.  My daughters macaroni and cheese was delicious too.  Staff is friendly and the service is prompt.  This is now our go to pizza place!
