5	So the previous pizza place (Mama Cimino's) here was bloody terrible, seriously it was worse than Little Cesars and we all know how bad that is.....even if you are dunk and you only have $5.41 in your pocket, there is always something better....ALWAYS no matter if its a dried pile of desert tortoise testes you know it'll be less dried and more cheesy than a Little Cesars...anyway i digress. The restaurant was taken over very recently, so much so that they spent the whole of last weekend cleaning it out. So after chatting to the main man on Thursday night (who swore that he had just finished making up a new batch of pizza dough and was about to start on the sauces) i decided to force my family to try the place tonight.All i can say is i have died and gone to pizza heaven; i have to admit this is a total two sided sword, as i have just managed to fit into a size 2 pair of jeans, but because of the total yumminess of the pizzas here i think i'm just going to head to Wal-mart and pick up a lovely MuMu in a couple of shades of Bud Red and Coors Blue...because darling i am going back for seconds!!! The dough was gorgeous, and cooked perfectly, the toppings were fresh and placed there by little cherubims....i am not making this stuff up, seriously it was a brilliant pizza!I brought a large veggy pizza and it cost $9.99 If you are a meaty fan they have a WWWWWIIIIIIDDDDDDEEEEEE selection of flesh on offer! Try this place out, and spread the world.......Mama Ciminos is dead, long live Pizza Natali!!!http://www.pizzanatali.com/index.html
5	Drove all the way from Summerlin to try this place out and it was worth it!  The pizza was great, & I typically go to Rocco's!  We tried the Buffalo Chicken house rolls and we went straight to heaven.  Crescent rolls filled with deliciousness!  If you are from Pittsburgh you will love the Steak Salad since it comes with fries!!  Just like Eat n Park!!  Yummo!!!
4	I'm glad there's a new owner in this establishment because the last one was awful. We got the house rolls with spinach and feta and they were sooooo good! Then there was the extreme meat pizza, don't know if that's the exact name but everyone loved it. I got a veggie which was just ok. Had no really great flavor. Next time I want to try a different veggie one, they had 2. I will deffinatly go back and try more of the rolls. The menu was pretty big and I'd like to try a lot of different things they have.
5	this place is soo delicious! im an avid yelper and love to discover new places! i havent had a great gyro like that since i was back home in chicago! great quality food and great prices! my new go to lunch break spot! :)
5	Not only was the food tasty and delicious (including the gyro which is not exactly a specialty in a pizzeria establishment), but the portion was very generous.  My wife raved about the pizza and nearly ate the whole thing in the car.  My family and I stopped by on our way home from out-of-state and we were glad we did.  The person (don't know if he was the owner or not) who took our order also prepared our food.  He was extremely friendly and patient, an all-around good guy.  I hope this place is here to stay so we can pay a visit there again the next time we vacation in LV.
4	We ordered take out from here, I'm glad we did there isn't much table space.  We ordered two pizzas and wings. The pizzas were pepperoni and cheese and a Mediterranean and wings were medium.  Both pizzas were really good and the crust was not greasy like Pizza Hut or Domino's. The wings were okay and the blue cheese was pretty tasty! We will defiantly order from here again.
4	Good little pizza joint!  We ordered two "combo" meals of a drink, side salad and mini-pizza (I think the price was $8.99 each).The owners are very nice - the "side salad" we had with our lunch was HUGE - bigger than most restaurants main course salads.  There's a great coupon on restaurant.com where you can get 1/2 off your meal.
3	You can tell that the owners here work really hard and definitely care about their business.We placed a take out order but upon arrival one of the guys had forgotten about our pizzas in the oven, they were burnt to a crisp. One of the owners was mortified and made us new pies personally as well as threw in dessert and soda pop to make things right. I can't go on enough how great customer service will help to retain customers and grow your business.Pizza was good but it's the thin kind of styled crust that I'm not a huge fan of. But let me tell you about their breaded deep fried golden wing dings, pretty dang awesome! The breading absorbed all the sauce so they were tender, messy and downright addictive aside from being cold (the wings sat while our pizzas were remade).Its close to our place so Im sure we will be checking them out again really soon.
5	This is some of the best pizza I have tasted at a locally owned establishment! The pizza was wonderful and also got some wings as well - the wings could have used some more sauce but I like my wings with some of the hot sauce dripping off. The only draw back is that there are only a few places to sit but I am sure that will change when they find a bigger place! If you are in the area, get some of their grub to take home!!
5	My family and I decided to try Pizza Natali one night and only two words come to mind: Instant favorite. We have ordered several times (trying something new each time) and they have yet to disappoint. Even when they were having an off night with staff issues they came to the mark. The owner personally delivered the order and promptly made it right. They even went as far as to send us a thank you/apology card.All in all, great product. That combined with the excellent management will keep me coming back and spreading the word to my friends to try Pizza Natali!
3	3.5 ratting. Most 3.5 ratings I'll round it up to 4 but not this time.It felt pretty messy and cluttered inside.  For customer service, they were polite but quiet and probably could have gave a more friendlier vibe. It did seem like they were extremely stressed and exhausted maybe unrelated to serving the customers as there were only me and another customer.They tried some high tech tricks with having a mobile app for signing your receipts with a stylus and having it email to you which was cool.There is no questioning the food.  The food was good. I had the spinach calzone filled w/ spinach, mozzarella, provolone, and ricotta it very delicious but a little runny, not sure if it suppose to be runny or not, and maybe it's smaller then what I'm use to for a calzone for the price, at most places I'll be full after eating 1/2 or 3/4 of the calzone, I ate the entire calzone and was a little full. It came with some marinara sauce which was very plain, like right from the can, maybe add more seasoning or change it up a little.I'll probably be back since I kind of liked the spinach calzone.
4	Today was our third time at this place since they came under new owners.  We are really happy we kept going back.  I do agree the dining area is super small and its kind of an ackward eating in experience.  However, I recommend you get it to go or order delivery.  They have a limited delivery and a 10 buck minimum order but they have pretty good specials.  In fact my daughter and I just order a 2 slice and soda special for $4.99 (I think or 5.99). Each slice was the size of 1 plate (a smaller plate) but it was a great size and 1 slice filled me up.  My daughter loved that she could get glass bottled coke, she thought it was delicious.  I recommend you give it a shot. The pizza was the super thin, sloppy type you fold in half, which is how pizza should be in my mind.
4	As long as there's that $20 for $40 Yelp deal Pizza Natali will always be one of my favorite pizza spots. I might just have to stock up and buy a few more of this Yelp deal for a later time.For 20 bucks, actually about 23 or 24 bucks with tax, I got 2 large 16" gourmet pizzas usually $19.99 each so totally worth it. They have some really delicious sounding gourmet pizzas on the menu.  I looked for something a little different from my usually 1 or 2 topping pizzas and went with the Tuscan Chicken and Natali's Special Pizzas. I already knew what kind of pizza I was expecting with the Natali's Special but the Tuscan Chicken Pizza really a surprise. It was so delicious that the box was completely empty before I even got my second slice of the Tuscan Chicken.  Even the Natali's Special box was almost empty. Watch me come back again this week I'm feeling Mediterranean Pizza and Spinach and Feta Pizza are next.This is a family ran pizza shop, I came here for dinner and everyone was there I like seeing that. Also remember this is a small shop I'd suggest picking up if you come with a large group but if it's only a few dining in might be fine, they have a few tables inside and outside.
4	Pizza Natali is fantastic. Food was wonderful. They serve pretty tasty hot wings, sauce and the size of them are good.I would definitely recommend their gourmet pizzas. You can't go wrong with any of them. Big fan if their food.
4	Awesome pizza! awesome wings! It's just  a delivery/pick up place I wish it was more of a dine in place.  Will definitely be going back though.
5	You will definitely get the most out of your dollar here...especially if you use the yelp deal here
4	Pizza Natali's pizza and wings are pretty good especially with their yelp deal $20 for $40 worth.
1	If you purchase a yelp deal you will NOT be able to use this deal for delivery. It's not stated in the fine print like I've seen for other restaurants that have a delivery option. When I called to make the order and was told I could not use the yelp deal I explained that I had seen reviews that stated other customers had used the deal for delivery the woman on the phone was quite rude in her response. Boo for Pizza Natali you won't be getting my business and I've requested a refund from yelp.
5	I first tried Pizza Natali when I found their Yelp deal online, and was instantly hooked. Their pizza is delicious, and I'm ashamed to say that we've been ordering from them approximately twice a week for the last three weeks. The crust is what really puts this place over the top - chewy, a little bit sweet, great flavor. The toppings are generous - their gourmet pizzas are a little pricey, but tasty. The only bad thing I can say is their "imported ham" that's on the Hawaiian pizza isn't very good. My husband wouldn't eat it at all. All in all, great pizza place. I'm so glad they're basically across the street from us! We've lived in Vegas for 10 years and it's been difficult to find a decent pizza. Happy to have found one within delivery distance.
4	Service was friendly and quick. The salads were great! We got an antiposto and a mediteranean, both of which were very good. As a side salad I'd say they are big enough for 4-5. Pizza was good, but not great. I liked the crust, but the sauce just didn't do it for me. I like a spicier sauce with some pop. Plenty of cheese and toppings.
5	Looking for pizza and found this great spot!  I ordered the Tuscan Chicken Pizza - it was really delicious!  Seems like a wonderful family owned business.  It was a great dinner and I highly recommend it!
5	I love this pizza! The type of cheeses they use really bring out a great flavor in this pizza, which in turn with the crust just bring this to the top. The sauce is a little bland yes, but its nothing tabasco cant fix! I come here pretty often and will continue to do so.
5	Great food and a great owner!  I highly recommended this establishment!  My personal favorite is the Philly cheesesteak pizza!  Amazing!   Fast delivery!
4	Buy the YELP Deal!  This place is great and with the yelp deal it's half price.  You have to opt for pick up only with the deal so we got a chance to check out Pizza Natali.  This place is so cute, its a small and cozy hidden gem for sure. The quality and quantity of this place for top notch.  We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and seriously it was almost too much chicken for a pizza.  Ranch tasted homemade and delicious.  We will be back for seconds soon!
5	The pizza here was just great. The crust is luscious, the sauce and the toppings very tasty and smothered all over the pie. The people were very nice and the Yelp! Deal was amazing. What more could a customer want?
5	The pizza and wings were excellent!  I would highly recommend this pizza and will no doubt order pizza again the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	I really like the pizza in this place and have been there several times.  The BBQ chicken is my favorite.  This would have been a 4-star review except for the service.  Almost every time I have been in there (about 7 or 8 times), I walk in and get completely ignored.  No hello, no 'I'll be with you in just a moment, NOTHING.  They look up and look back down.  The one time I was acknowledged, the owner was sitting in a chair in the front and called to someone in the back WE HAVE A CUSTOMER with a nasty tone in her voice.  She sat there and didn't move a muscle.  I'm assuming she was either management or the owner.  Either way, shame on her.  I also resent being charged for credit card transactions....it's a few dollars but what the heck??  No other business I have ever been to in Las Vegas does this...and I live here.  There is no mention of this on the phone when you place an order.  I went without cash and had no choice.  After that, CASH ONLY.  A few more visits with such consistently lousy customer service (like they are doing me a favor) and I was DONE.  I have given up on this place and now go to other places.
4	Ate here late last week on the suggestion of well respected yelper LJ R. A coworker and I both had spaghetti n meatballs with Italian sausage. Another had a wedgie and LJ had something (i forget what it was, it was small n not worth mentioning). The spaghetti n meatballs n Italian sausage was great!! There was at least 2 lbs of food with loads of sausage and meatballs. I was quite satisfied eating it for lunch then again a while later for dinner (yes, it's that big!). We were wondering what a wedgie was. And my coworker ordered it with gyro meat. It's basically pizza dough folded in half to make a sandwich. Pretty tasty if I do say so myself. I'd definitely go back there. Especially since we have 2 for 1 coupons on the back of our Von's rreciepts. AND you can get a $20 for $40 deal with the help deal thingamajig.
3	With Yelp deal in hand, we ordered some pizza and wings for my fella's family so we could all watch the playoff game together. We weren't very hungry after a pretty extravagant meal earlier in the day, but were still excited to try a new place for pizza in town. We ordered two extra large pepperoni pizzas and a 24 piece of hot wings for carryout. We arrived about 20 minutes later and our food was ready for us. We paid and were on our way. On the car ride over to the fam's house, the food smelled great. The pizza traveled well and they packed it really well. Everyone was really happy with the pizza and the wings. They weren't the best I had every had, but they were solid and for the price with the Yelp deal and also the Groupon's we have, I'll be back to check out the pasta and sandwich assortment they have on their menu. Overall, it's a good spot for takeout, if you're in the area.
5	This pie was fantastic, and I don't say that easily. Being from the East coast, I am pretty unimpressed with pizza out west. My wife regularly makes fun of me for saying that something is "good for the west coast" this pizza is not west coast good though, it is just plain GREAT. The crust is a perfect crispy shell with chewy bread. The sauce is mild but delicious and the cheese is great, and real. I am a big fan of their specialty pies, which are pretty reasonably priced for how much goes into them.With their Yelp special, eating here is a no brainer. Hell, I would eat here anyway.
3	Pizza was all right. So were the wings. Not the best I've had, but solid and a good deal with the Groupon. Without the coupon, it would be a bit too expensive. We have another coupon so we'll probably try some more menu items and report back.
4	Good quality take-out.  I ordered a small BBQ chicken pizza and a Greek salad for $25.  Pizza was on point.  Just enough cheese, fresh, and not too chewy.  The salad was pretty good, but could've used more dressing.  All in all, not the best pizza I've ever had, but definitely good quality above pizza chains.  I'd recommend going there for the specials, but kinda overpriced (at least for what I ordered, anyway).
3	We chose Pizza Natali because of the Yelp deal and because it's super close to my house. $20 for all the food we got is amazing. We ordered a medium supreme pizza, friend mushrooms, 12 mild wings and 5 mild chicken fingers. The pizza was good. My husband said the wings and fried mushrooms were average. The chicken fingers were gross. I could taste the vinegar every time I took a bite and they were all mushy on the outside... definitely not what I hoped for. So for price and pizza they get 3 (.5) stars.
1	Order for delivery tonight.  The delivery took over 2 hours.  All I was told was "sorry, we were busy tonight".  Pizza is decent, but not worth a two hour wait....will never order from here again.
3	Nice people good food. The pizza's are good and the wings are perfect just like i like them. If they had a real dining area and just a little better service I would give 5 stars. They are talking about aquiring the unit next door to expand their nonexistent dining room. That would help but they would then really have to step up their service. One problem i have with dining in at this place is the old janky tv in the dining area thats blasting cartoons at times for their kids. Also all of their plates and dishes are just sitting out in the open on a cheap storage shelf. just unprofessional. Although the food here is really good I do give them that which is the most important part. So for now i def. reccomend this place for a solid carry out option. They care about the food and also about the customers. So try them out they are good people. To the owners i will update this review later when you have a better dine-in experience
4	Great for takeout but I took one star off for seating. the food is wonderful, though!Love the mediterranean salad and spinach calzone.
3	We ordered Tuscan chicken and it was a hit. We ordered over the phone and asked for chicken tuscan and the lady who answered us told us they don't have chicken tuscan in their menu, i told her i saw it online and she said "we dont have chicken tuscan but we have tuscan chicken". Hmmm, big difference, right?
5	great pizza, friendly employees, reasonable prices.
5	Great food and friendly atmosphere! If you're going to spend a few days in Vegas, and want some great pizza off the Strip, check this place out.
5	Super sick food...best wings I've ever had from a pizza spot...no joke.
5	This place has a really great 20 for 40$ deal when you use Yelp. We got a sampler with mozz sticks, chicken and onion rings with amazing ranch dressing.Then we got the 5 Cheese pizza, which was huge and so yummy! You can eat inside, though it is a small space, and they will bring it all to you. So we got our steaming hot food brought straight to us, fresh made right in front of us. And for dessert? The cannoli, duh! Gah it was so creamy and sweet!The service was great and the people were all really cool here. Great place with great pizza!
4	Had salami and mushroom pizza. Glad to see they use fresh mushroom, not the canned. I didn't read the ingredients on the Hawaiian pizza I ordered for the kids. They didn't like it because it had BBQ sauce under the cheese instead of tomato sauce. Cannolis were ok. Also had the fried dough with chocolate sauce. It wasn't soft like a zepole, but they were good. Had a medium cheese pizza. It was cooked perfect, nice and crispy.   Prices would be a bit high if I didn't use the Yelp special. Definitely worth a try. I think it was better than the NY pizza place near the outlet mall.
5	I used Pizza Natali to cater my husband's 40th birthday celebration.  Every single one of my guests raved about the food and really enjoyed it.  We had cheese ravioli, chicken parm, wings, salad, and bread it and was all fabulous!  Christine, the owner, went out of her way to be accommodating and deliver the highest quality food.  She even delivered it and offered to help me with my planning outside of my catering order.  She was absolutely awesome to deal with.  I was reluctant to use a pizza joint for catering at first, but you would have thought the food came from a fancy Italian restaurant.  I highly recommend Pizza Natali! -Tammy from Atlanta
4	Great food and great service; place is kinda small.
5	Great place. Great service. Great locally owned pizza.
4	I have to update and upgrade this place. I've been back on a number of occasions (with Groupon and Yelp deals in hand) since my initial review. I wasn't impressed with their pizza on my first visit, but since then I have tried quite a few other menu items and their prices, quantity and quality is pretty darn irresistible. The service has always been very friendly and hospitable. Great mom and pop shop and they always have my food ready in a reasonable amount of time. The restaurant is tiny, so it's pretty impossible to eat here, but it's great for take out or delivery. I usually call in my order as I'm leaving work and the food is ready when I get there. I recommend a number of their pastas. I haven't met one I didn't enjoy and their portions are ridiculous. I was able to enjoy one order of their Mediterranean pasta for three separate meals. You just can't beat that. Their chicken fingers and garlic cheese bread are pretty darn good as well. They have a pretty extensive menu, so I'm excited to try more options soon. I have it on good authority from Jaime W that the pepperoni handrolls are a must, so I'll be trying those next time for sure.
4	Yum! Simple little place with a big menu. We found them through Yelp and went for the $20 for $40 YELP deal, which was easy to use and got tons of food for only $20.  You cant combine the deal with their daily specials but that makes sense to me! The guys were really friendly and helpful, but I think they wished we were locals since we were so happy with the meal. My favorite was the wings, crispy and delicious. Pizza was good too- "divine" according to my sister, and mozzarella sticks really tasty. It's dinky inside so probably best for takeout, but we got one of the 2 tables with ease. Really don't know how anyone could consider the service anything other than really great- we loved it!
4	A nice find during our latest Vegas trip. The food was excellent, the portion sizes were big, and the prices were very reasonable. We will definitely be back on our next trip!
5	What a gem! Got their coupon for $20 towards $40 worth of food and had a feast!  Got an xlarge pizza, baked ziti,  ziti with chicken, and wings!  Good thing we had a fridge in the room to put away the leftovers.  Honestly, BIG value to feed a large group and the taste was surprisingly good!  Will come back here again for any future Vegas stays.  They deliver too!
5	Ok this pizza place Is one that is needed on this part of Las Vegas I will only comment on the pizza because I can not believe how good this pizza is!!!!!! after all it is delivery and you never know what you get for delivered pizza. But absolute amazing ingredients cooked to perfection and piping hot. This type of pizza is one that you think about the next day!
5	I want to turn around to get another pizza right now!!!! This was one of the best pizzas I've had in a while. I had e Greek pizza and ate all six slices- by myself! Will defo recommend this lovely locals joint to others and return myself. Thumbs up
3	The pizza at this place is pretty much 2 stars. It's fine, but I've definitely had better. the crust is plain and a little on the soggy side, and the sauce is too sweet for my tastes. Cheese and toppings are fine, though, and everything is in large enough quantities. I didn't try the wings but my husband said they were just ok. Garlic bread was good, but the breadsticks were a little bland. I'd recommend they look into the seasoning that Pizza Hut puts on theirs - it's delicious. I'm bumping them to 3 stars based on value. If you get the yelp deal and the pizza n wings special, you can get 2 larges, 2 dozen wings, and breadsticks for $20, which is a pretty cheap way to feed a crowd.
4	Great Pizza! The yelp deal they offer is perfect, it covers two large specialty pizzas which is enough to feed at least 6 people. The Natali Special is my favorite, they load up the pizza so you get tons of toppings in every bite.
5	Food was awesome. The family had chicken wings w/cheese and pepperoni pizza. Wings were THE BOMB! Pizza was SUPAONOLICIOUS. Service was fast and friendly. Used the Yelp deal that made it even better. Recommending this place to all my family and friends.
1	Uh....no. Yelped pizza near me and this place came up. Had a $20 for $40 deal in the Yelp app along with pretty good reviews. googled the place an ordered online. Guy behind the counter REFUSED to honor the Yelp deal because I ordered thru 3rd party website. WTH?!?  then says he doesn't have a website. Then what's pizzanatali.net?  and why when you go to that website does it have a see the menu and order online button?  Beyond that silliness the pizza was average, too much sauce. Wings were good though. Place was dirty inside. Dust everywhere, even on front counter. Won't go again.
5	"Bang for your buck!"Good food for its value! Had the Spinach & chicken pizza. The crust was superb and the toppings were yummy. And I had the Fried Dough with chocolate sauce. Big portions for such a low price! I recommend this place for the taste and value. Don't judge this place by the looks. Just get the food delivered or take-out.
5	Pizza night will never be the same with this deal! Awesome for. Got two pizzas, good crust with just the right amount of chewy softness. Also ordered fries which tasted like they were cut to order. Mozzarella sticks rounded out our meal and great marinara to dip. Will def be coming back especially now with school back in.
5	Me and my boyfriend live super close to this fine establishment and LOVE it. We found a groupon deal and decided to give it a shot. It's by far my favorite pizza place in town. I always tell my clients who are in from out of town like Chicago looking for authentic good pizza to go there.  The owner is amazing and and usually always there when we are. I hope they last considering a lot of places in the past there have came and gone fast.
5	Just ordered delivery for the first time from this joint... a pizza half cheese, half veggie along with spaghetti with marinara sauce.  We are fans!  The pizza was excellent as was the pasta and marinara. Yum! Great value for the price. Delivery was quick too. Will definitely be ordering again.
4	Just landed in Las Vegas and found this pizza place in Yelp. The food was good (cheese and crust were tasty) and the service was great. Family owned and operated. New dining room that was redone by the owners. Wonderful family restaurant. Definitely will come back!!!!
5	I went here with my parents when I got tired of eating at McDonalds and casinos. As I came into the shop, I felt very welcoming. loved the pizza, it was so delicious and the drinks were so cheap that you could buy a dozen of them. I also like the entertainment like the TV. It was great service.  We tried the fried dough with chocolate, was so delicious. I will tell all my friends that this Pizza store is the best.  We're from Australia and we hope you remember us.
5	I cannot say enough nice things about this restaurant. The couple who owns it are a hard working family that go out of their way to provide great service.  We ordered the pierogi pizza (garlic, mashed potatoes, onions, cheese and bacon) and it was delicious!  The dining room is newly decorated and we were impressed with it. There is a kid area with lots of toys for the little ones. The kids cup and plate were Sesame Street and we were told we could take them home.  There is also a portion of the restaurant dedicated to all things Pittsburgh (and there are even wedgies on the menu). Definitely give this place a chance - you will be happy you did.
1	Ordered, 2 pizzas at 6:58pm, it's 9:06pm and still not delivered.  I was pleased the last time with the pizza, but to wait over 2 hours for a pizza is ridiculous.
4	I've been in Vegas for over two years now and it's been tough trying to find a pizza place that can compare to Boston pizza till now! First off I ordered a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese and pepperoni and it came out to $13! I didn't realize how far the shop was from my house when I ordered but they still accommodated me. The pie got to my place within 40 minutes which was great time. If your looking for a good pie and your around the airport look no further.
5	Every time I'm in Vegas, this is the one place I have to eat at. Definitely some of the best pizza I've ever had. Their wings and cheesy bread are average, but their pizza is awesome. I've tried different specialty pizzas and have never been disappointed. Highly recommend this place.
5	Just finished up a workout and was super hungry and craving pizza for some reason. I don't know any pizza places in the area (just moved here from out of state), so I jumped on yelp and found the highest rated pizza joint in my area. Luckily Natali's is only a mile from my apartment. So I drove over and was a bit skeptical at first. It was in the right corner of the shopping plaza and at the front it said "Pizzeria" I wasn't sure if I was at the right place but decided to walk in and check it out. I walked in and saw the menu said Natali's so I knew we were in business. The shop is divided into two sections one for ordering/drink station and the other half is the dining area. I ended up ordering the Natali's special which had peperoni, sausage, bacon, green onions, mushrooms, red onion, and olives. This is why I gave my 5 star rating:Food: Was up there with some of the best pizza I've eaten. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful, the consistency of the cheese was perfect and not overdone like some places and the tomato sauce was also on point. But I think the best part of the pizza was the crust and dough. The bottom of the pizza had the perfect texture in my opinion, it was the right combination of crunch with out being hard. The dough was fluffy and had good flavor, didn't taste like pre-made dough that was frozen. Service: I came in about an hour before closing and I could clearly see the owners were tired. I forgot to mention the shop is owned by a couple, the wife takes the orders and handles the register, and the husband makes the pizzas I think. Both were very friendly despite from what I could tell had been a long day for them. Friendly attitude and answered my questions about the different sizes of pizza, certain toppings, and suggestions. I was eating alone so I asked what size they suggested, and went with the small for $15 dollars. I ended up only eating half so I took the other half home. Great deal if you think about, two good meals for $15. Pizza only took about 10 minutes to come out which was not a long wait at all and well worth it.Ambiance: Nothing fancy, but I like the decor. As you walk in you see to the left a Pittsburgh Steelers collection on the wall with a tv showing the NFL network. I liked it since I'm a football fan. The dining area is nice, a bit small but has a cozy home feeling to it. Clean and nice decor, no complaints. I sat there eating pizza and watching football, not a bad combo.Overall I really liked the food and people that work here. They're a couple who opened this shop 2 years ago and are willing to have a conversation with you which is nice, I'm rooting for them. Highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the mood for really good pizza at a great price. Don't hesitate by the outside of the shop, just walk right through the door and get yourself some damn good pizza.
5	Great little spot. The best wings from a pizza joint. Great food great service. will be my go to spot..
5	Last night I decided to venture out and order pizza from a new place I have never ordered before and after reading all the reviews from Pizza Natali I decided to give this place a chance.When it comes to pizza I very critical and reading the reviews on here helped me make this decision easier. I ordered the pizza through Pizza Natalis delivery website which was very easy to navigate and order from.It took about an hour to receive my pizza but once it was received I could smell the pizza from the box and it was just amazing.I ordered a pepperonia,italian sausage, and black olive baked crispy.It was full of flavor and so delicious I was almost inhaling the pizza it was that good. I highly recommend PIzza Natali over any chained pizzeria in the valley as all the ingredients are fresh and to me well it is what a pizza is supposed to be like.
2	First when you enter no one really greets you. No hello dine in or what ever. Sooooo slow we went at 1:30 and no one was in there. We got our order taken Fairly quickly. That's where it went down hill. We were forgotten for at least 30-45min til the plates came out. I thought that it ment food oh no about 10 min longer. The pizza was ok. I asked for extra sauce on the side he brought it out cold. It was over priced at 35.00. My daughter said little ceasers is better. Crust is the best thing but save your money.
5	Purchased the yelp deal. Went in at 8:30 and was greeted by the owner and his family. Ordered the Greek salad and the dressing was amazing. Wings with BBQ sauce were meaty and tasty. Ordered the Natali special pizza and the Spinach with Chicken pizza. They were one of the best pizzas I've had.
5	AMAZING, best pizza ever! a little sketchy at first but once you get to the dinning room it is gorgeous! Family atmosphere too, great for kids!
4	Had a GREAT first experience here and will be back! The peeps working were VERY kind and helpful especially when I screwed up and wanted thin crust, but didn't ask for it. They were able to catch the pie before it was made and make it thin crust for me. The pie itself was fantastic and even made a fan out of my boyfriend, who was skeptical. The crust was great, ingredients tasted fresh and the pie didn't get soggy (a HUGE pet peeve)! I only wish they offered a pesto sauce for their pies. They do have other options for sauces, but no pesto. Just a suggestion. ;)
4	The pizza was great, hot,cheesy and crisp crust. Lots of toppings and excellent flavor. We tried the natali special and were very pleased. The breadsticks were a hit. Lots of parmesan and garlic butter. Overall a great find. We will be returning. Thanks.
2	I ordered two pizzas, and I have been waiting here for over an hour! There is only one person back in of the kitchen, so the service is SO slow.
1	I was excited to order from here because of the awesome reviews. My order was delivery and it took over 2 1/2 hours and the pizza was cold when we got it. They didn't even offer a refund only a piece of cheese cake. Really???
4	My son loves their breadsticks, like could eat the whole order and he's 3.  They're pretty good if I say myself.  The pizza is good.  I really like the crust, they put too much cheese for me.  My son loves their pepperoni pizza.  Basically this place is my sons favorite place to consume pizza.
3	The first impression of this place seems a little sketch, as others have noted. I had this place bookmarked for a while, as well as some others, since living with a pizza connoisseur (further known as PC) so check out my other reviews for local pizza joints in the area. Breadsticks: 3/5 stars. They were good, but nothing to rush here to get. The dough was really well made; soft and fresh, topped with a generous amount of Parmesan cheese and garlic. I didn't like the amount of butter left on the pan; it seemed wasteful and just looked gross. I also thought it was strange that the pieces weren't really uniform. Pepperoni pizza: 4/5. A good size for a medium, I think the serving size would be good for 2 alone or 3 with an appetizer or wings. The crust was really good; soft, chewy, and buttery with a slight crunch (if you like that sort of thing). The sauce didn't seem to have an enormous presence, but the toppings were plentiful. We usually order pepperoni pizza (yeah, we're adults- so what?!), and I'm usually pretty disappointed by how sad the pepperoni looks but here they were abundant and tasted great. Cheese was generous and tasted fresh. Service: (3/5) The service was a little timid. The gentleman as well as the young lady that took care of is during our meal were very soft spoken but kind, and seemed eager to make sure our meal went well.Overall, if I lived closer to this place, we'd probably order delivery every now and again, but since Natali's isn't close enough to deliver, I don't think we'll be back unless we were in the area. Although I sometimes question his taste in restaurants, PC didn't seem too impressed with the pizza either.
5	I've had the pepperoni rolls, the Hawaiian Pizza with the BBQ sauce and the Ultimate Meat Pizza. All AMAZING!!! My new favorite Pizza place! The restaurant looks like a dive and you'd probably drive right by it, but it's the best pizza in town!
2	Pizza is decent.. but the place.. well.. odd.  The new addition dining room is spacious, but one wall is filled with used kids toys. Like an old playroom.But my main issue is  USE WINDEX!! The windows, glass door.. was filled with greasy hand prints.  A little windex would make a huge difference !!  And that gross, green fish tank when you first walk in... why?!  Between the greasy glass and the fish tank... ewwww !  Not a good first impression.
5	AMAZING, best pizza ever! a little sketchy at first but once you get to the dinning room it is gorgeous! Family atmosphere too, great for kids!
4	While the food was really quite amazing and delicious, especially the fried dough with chocolate sauce (simply amaze-balls!!!), I woke up in the middle of the night with tummy problems that plagued me for a full day afterwards.I'd be willing to risk it again for the fried dough with chocolate sauce...
4	Tried this place at the suggestion of other Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed, like others have mentioned. It's kinda weird in that it's located in a strip mall with just the name "pizzeria" on the front.This was my second visit this week and both times the pizza was excellent. Crust was soft and not too thin or thick, cheese was browned perfectly, and just the right amount of sauce for my taste. I got their 1 topping carry out special for $10.99 and it was a good value in my opinion. Fountain machine wasn't working properly the two times I've visited so they gave me a bottles soda instead which was fair. Hope they get it fixed soon. That's the only reason for my 4 star rating instead of 5.
5	First review, I've been coming here for almost a year now and absolutely love this place. The food and service are both excellent! I like that they have a small area for younger kids to keep busy until food is ready.
4	I have eaten here nearly every night the entire week I was in Vegas. Everytime it has been fantastic, on time, and fairly priced. Try this place out for take out, you won't be disappointed. Haven't tried delivery or dine in, but I'm sure it's equally as good. . I love the Italian Calazone and their hott wings, but the pizzas are great too. It's not an upscale type of place, so if you walk around with your nose in the air and bitch about the decor or something, you are missing the fact that the food is what you came for and that is excellent. The owners operate the place and they have always been friendly and gave the usually informal process at most places a personal touch which I like because I try to support small businesses whenever possible. The only one small suggestion I would make to them as a previous business owner myself is always keep the entry and front lobby impeccably clean even if some kid finger paints on the front window every 10 minutes. Some snazzy uniforms would also help just for image reasons. I mention this only so that if the owners read this, they get some objective constructive criticism to improve their place because I definitely will return when back in town next year for the World Series of Poker.
5	If you want some great pizza this place is a must try. I have tried several of their non meat options and I can tell you I have never been disappointed. They are OH SO GOOD! I would definitely check them out if you can afford to splurge a little more then your average pizza place.
5	Second time getting food from here and still not disappointed.The pizza is good, they are willing to work with you on toppings even on specialty pizza's.  If you want changes they will look to see if it is cheaper to order it as is or individually.  They work with you is the point.This is a place that cares about it's customers and making sure you not only get what you want but that you are happy. The wings are good here as well.  So as for pizza & wings, this place get a thumbs up.
2	Service was awkward when I went to pick up my pizza and the pizza didn't seem hand made to me, more like a frozen pizza. Won't be ordering from there again.
4	This place is super close to where I live and I am glad it is. I have ordered from them twice and both times I was not disappointed. Pizza and wings hit the spot!
4	The pizza at this place is great and the ice tea here is amazing. I will definitely be coming back again. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the place could be a little cleaner and service was a little slow. I believe the service was slow because they only had one person working in the whole place.
5	Even if the food had been terrible, this place would've gotten 3 stars just for the service. Very friendly staff, made us feel very welcomed. Not much room for indoor seating, since they were renovating. We were the only ones eating.What about the food? It's pizza! Takes a lot of work to mess up pizza, but it also takes a lot of work to make it stand out from the rest. Nice crispy crust and no holding back on the toppings. Great tasting sauce as well. Their pasta dishes were very good too. Hot wings were nicely fried with just that right combination of tangy and spicy. Chased it down with a salad, to try my gut into accepting all of that yummy, greasy goodness. :) Found this spot because of a Yelp deal and decided to try it because it was down the street from the South Point casino were staying at. Great find. Will definitely be on our list of go to's when we're back in Vegas.
5	This place is delicious! I live in southern highlands, and whenever my family is craving pizza we drive clear to natali's for pizza! We have never been disappointed! The staff have always been very friendly and personable as well! Highly recommended!
5	Loved my salad, chicken wings and pizza. Food was freshly prepared and tastes great! Will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
3	I order from here often. I usually keep it simple and get a large pep. Takes usually 45 min to get here. Price is good at 11 and change. Not the best but def decent pizza. Usually they only take cash and dont break big bills, so be prepared.
2	I ordered the Hawaiian pizza today and I have to say it was not good. The red sauce isn't bad but the cheese and meat were born. The garlic wings pretty good. And also the delivery time was very good. I would be willing to give more shot though.
5	good pizza!
2	In a word...yuk. Ordered takeout. If you like frozen pizza taste with a cardboard crust and canned sauce this is your place. Maybe kids would like it, but not adults who have ever eaten a good pizza.
2	No impressed at all. Ordered Hawaiian pizza steak salad and cheesecake. The pizza was blah even though they use BBQ sauce we have had a lot better pizza half the price at dominos. The steak salad sucked. I saw a review thought it would be good, horrible. Nasty greasy cold fries with "steak" that looked like my dog had chewed and spit out tasted weird felt uneasy even eating it. The only thing that was good was the cheesecake. For $40 for a salad and pizza should have been a lot better. The girl on the phone was nice though so least costumer service was good.
1	Their food is decent, but I can get much better from several different places nearby. I don't waste my time here anymore. Family owned business and their reputation is horrible. Poorly treated and unpaid staff (claims with the Department of Labor), poor delivery time, mediocre food and an unimpressive restaurant that I chose not to spend time in.Edited in response to the owner: Christine,I'm not bringing drama to you. I'm writing an honest review about my experience at your business and why I will never patron there again. That's what Yelp is all about, right? If you want to discuss livelihood and children, I'm happy to. You wrote a BAD CHECK to my son who delivered food for your business. You NEGLECTED TO PAY HIM for his work on top of that. I helped him file his complaint with the Bad Check Division and the Department of Labor. His father approached you about the issue and you screamed profanities at him and kicked him out of your restaurant. I will never patron your business again for several reasons: you mistreated and stole from my family, your restaurant is dirty, your food is mediocre, and your lack of integrity is profound. It's a shame that people like you are in business. Las Vegas is a small town and it will be a relief to me when I see your poorly run business CLOSED. If you can't afford to pay your employees, my guess is it won't take long.
5	Alright this is one of the best pizza places I have found around here compared to a few others. I love the crust, it's a hand tossed crust and they sure don't skimp on the toppings, which are fresh. I got the veggie and my husband got their special. This is not a greasy pizza at all! I am very impressed for ordering for the first time. This is a must try pizzeria!
2	If you're looking for a good cheese pizza this is not the place. The dough taste like cardboard.  I'm sure the other items are good, but it's not a good place for New York natives.
