5	This place is state of the art and fantastic! This coming from a girl who definitely doesn't golf and has only attempted the driving range once in her life. (That resulted in me being really sore for like 3 days.) My boyfriend works in the golf biz and we'd been watching the construction on this place like hawks for months. So glad it's finally open and so close to where we live!We went during their soft opening last night. I know the first few days of a business being open can come with dealing with kinks, but all staff/service/amenities were completely up to par (GOLF PUNS!) and beyond. We were never left wanting for anything. Our gal came around plenty of times for food orders, drinks, refills and was awesome. She was also really knowledgeable about what they didn't quite have available on the menu, since they aren't 100% fully open to the public yet. A great touch. (Also? The bathrooms were PRISTINE.)The food was pleasantly and surprisingly great. I had the nachos, which consisted of individual tortilla chips covered in "drunken beans" and topped with multiple cheeses (yes, queso dip is involved) and green and red jalapenos with servings of guac and pico for dipping. It was completely delicious. Boyfriend ordered the "mushi" (think mexican pin-wheel/sushi remix) that he said was outstanding and way more filling than it looked. I had two glasses of delicious and surprisingly strong strawberry/mint sangria that set us back $5 apiece. WHAT?So, onto the actual reason of Topgolf: Golf games! Like I said, I don't participate but boyfriend and guys we were with loved it. It seemed glorious. You can either bring your clubs or used the standard ones they provide (for both men and ladies!) and choose between different games, i.e., hitting 5 balls in a row into each massive lit-up target on the range, hitting 1 ball into each target, distance competitions, etc. Each bay is fitted with a TV that follows your score and tracks your balls.An aside: The view is freaking ridiculous. Camelback behind you, Talking Stick in front of you (which is all lit up in dancing neon lights now--I'm guessing they realized they have to make it look sweet with all the people staring right at the place while they hit balls.) All in all, this is such a fun place, and different than anything else available in the area for an afternoon/night out. Will it become super crowded/overrun with drunks during spring training? Absolutely! Will we totally enjoy ourselves during all other times of the year? Yes!
5	Flippin love this place!! I have always been the kinda golfer who likes cocktails and music when I'm out on the course. Topgolf is my kinda place!! A place where I can be competitive and enjoy some good cocktails, food and music. This isn't a golf course, but the way the range and games are laid out you really get the challenge of golf, minus the putting. Topgolf did a great job with it's staff and the food is great pub grub. Can't wait to take some more friends and family to my new practice range. Oh yeah, Talking Stick is right across the parking lot. GAME ON!!!
5	Imagine bowling and darts combined with golf. They serve food in here and it's golf driving range combined.  The food was delicious and I have a lot of fun with my mates. Recommended for hanging out / shooting the crap
3	The good: Very nice setup, amazing view, the chip ball technology, the game setup, TV's in each bay, music/lighting.The OK:  Food was just OK, I can't help but relate it to being at the Brunswick Zone XL, it was good but not amazing.The bad:  Price.  We were there for 2 hours with 3 people, we golfed and ate, it was $225.  I understand if we're on a nice N. Scottsdale course and we spend $100+ a pop for a round of golf and some drinks but to spend this much at a driving range just doesn't seem right.  I most closely relate this to high-class bowling and I can't see spending this much on a regular basis.TIP:  Don't hit it too far, if you hit over the net they will know it was your ball that broke that car window.  This didn't happen to us but that is what they mentioned.  It seems impossible but a 250 yard high drive will do it.
5	Whether you want to 'play' or are serious about working on your swing and ball control - TopGolf is your solution.  The evening experience is a melting pot of the cosmic bowling atmosphere, games similar to darts, but with golf clubs.  Erin and Shawn have touched on this side of TopGolf entertainment in their reviews.The daylight hours are a great experience as well.  Remember the old saying about mullets - "business on the top and party in the back"?  Some are there to have fun, but If you're there to seriously work on your game you will have service better than you'd receive from TCP, Troon or others  The staff are outstanding ( I've had six different bay hosts/hostesses and recommend Valerie or Victoria).   I'm there to work on my game, so the games have little value to me; however, they come in handy for when you are working on placement.  Now, here's the rub - the pricing is really reasonable for the group of 4 to 6 looking for a couple hours of entertainment.  It's not for the individual.  But wait!!!  They have memberships that you can sign up for that the monthly fee is roughly equal to playing for four hours on a pay as you go basis.  They're broken down into three types:1. EARLY DRIVE - $80/month and you enjoy unlimited range time from 9am to noon, Monday through Friday.2. LATE NIGHT DRIVE - $100/month and from 10pm to close, Sunday through Thursday, you can play unlimited.  Spend 2.5 hours during this timeframe without a membership would cost you $100 bucks; so, its great for good entertainment on evenings other than Friday and Saturday.3. DAILY DRIVE - $150/month gets you the unlimited play during the middle of the day to early evening, plus a bonus of $200 in credits towards other time slots.You won't realize just how reasonable these memberships are until you go and experience TopGolf for yourself.  Whether you are young or old you'll have a great experience!
5	Such a great alternative to a bar! Being active or just hanging out people watching. Love this place, we will be back!
5	I've been waiting for something like this my entire adult life. Drinks. Golf. Gamification. Music. Culture. This place has it all. The food is very good, if not stellar. They've done an amazing job defining a menu that's both eclectic and modern. The corporate Chef really knows his/her stuff. Pricing is right in line. Now, for the golf. Handicappers on all levels have dreamed of a place like this. Grab a beer, an iron of your choosing and let the games begin. Pinpoint tracking of your ball down to the foot and inventive games preprogrammed for quick play. Looking forward to joining in their tournaments throughout the year. This place is 5 stars without hesitation.
5	Great atmosphere, amazing bars and golf and fun and games.  This is where I want to be when the world ends.
4	I've been wanting to try this facility out and for Fathers Day my wife and son set an hour session up online. We arrived to a big line waiting on the stairs to get in, to be told we had to buy a"lifetime membership".I thought that was odd. We waited for an hour and the other feature is they want your driving license, which they claim makes it easy to populate your membership into the computer. Not convinced about that. Once we were signed in we went to a third level bay. The hostess ran through the basics too quickly, but we figured it out. It was a lot of fun and a clever use of technology to track your shots. We ordered some basic brunch items which were fresh, hot and tasty. Cocktails are expensive. Beer not bad.My wife thought it was $25 per person before noon, but that was 1 hr in the bay. Good value actually.  We had fun and even being outside in June, the mister fans worked really well to keep you cool. All in all a great experience.  We will go back in the evening and maybe they will get 5 stars. Good job so far TG.
5	This is a great place to go and hang out with your friends and family. Drinks are great, food is good, and a great time ! There are 3 tiers to drive from and as long as you remember that you want to score points instead of just killing a ball it's sure to be a blast!
4	I didn't realize it was opening week. Came here prime time, Saturday night at 730pm. Line was out the door and it was about 25 minutes, and it was just to get a membership card. The line died down a lot later, but I had to wait because I needed the membership card so I could go to concierge in order to put my name in for a bay. There's a hostess in front that answers your questions as you wait. At the time, it was an hour-1.5 hour wait, which was fine. We decided to hit up the restaurant while we wait. The server got our drink order and wanted to take our credit cards to open a tab but she was gone for about 15 min, and no credit cards and no drinks, evidently the computers went down, which is also fine. it happens, especially opening day. But because of the delay, when the drinks and food finally came, our bay was ready, which they let you know via text. So we told our server, which they will take the food and bring it to your bay. The idea is pretty good, but the execution needed work. In addition to our food being moved around, my friend ordered a steak sandwich well done, but it came with a stick that said well done but it was very very pink, like medium rare, so he sent it back, and it was made again and it was rarer than the first! So the manager came and apologized and remade the sandwich again, and it was finally well done, and they comped his meal. So, in my opinion, it's opening week, busy as heck, I understand it's probably like Hell's Kitchen inside, and the manager resolved the situation. So I couldn't give a full five stars on my review.Entertainment wise - the place was great! After getting our bay, a hostess goes over the options, answers questions, and how to operate everything. There can be up to six people playing in a bay and no experience necessary. You just hit the ball and the closer to the target and further the target, the more points you score. I haven't been to a driving range in over 5 years, and after a few practice swings, you get the hang of it. It's just like bowling but it's golf! You have 20 balls to score higher than your friends. Afterwards, we played some pool, shuffleboard and xbox games. Great fun and I totally recommend trying it out!
5	Came here last night for the first time and had a great experience at TopGolf. From the second you walk in the door the staff was really friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable in helping you figure out how to get situated.The facilities are incredible, and the bar on the main level is large which makes for a nice sports bar environment. They've also got billiards tables, Xbox Kinect, and Fooseball to make sure that even the kids are entertained when not hitting golf balls.Having three floors of hitting bays is awesome, and I definitely recommend getting on the top floor. Being able to look out over the field and seeing the targets is really cool. This is definitely no "driving range", people that would consider themselves moderate to very good golfers should not need anything close to a driver when hitting balls here (okay, maybe the ladies but definitely not the guys). The experience is more about target shooting and racking up points in their pre-programmed games, not hacking balls as far as you possibly can.I'll for sure be back at TopGolf, the entertainment value is high for everyone even if you're not into playing the links or taking swings at a regular range.
5	This place is the beez kneez! I am from Dallas so I used to go to the original all the time. Obviously like any business they learn as they grow. The one I went too didn't have lounge seating, didn't have free clubs at the bays and wasn't three stories. They get better every time! Kids love it, girls love it, everyone loves it. You have to check it out rather you golf or not.
5	Such a great time! Whether it's a work function or out with friends to let loose- you won't be disappointed! Amazing!
5	Had a blast. Came on a Saturday night, host said 2 hour wait. We only waited an hour. Management very attentive and friendly. Will be back again.
5	This place is awesome!!! Came here last Saturday afternoon with the boyfriend and we had a great time! Once we got settled in, we ordered drinks (I had the Strawberry Mule and the bf got a beer) and food (chicken with waffles and an order of the cheese beer dip with chips). The game was sooo much fun!!! I don't play golf and I had a blast. We played on the first level but next time we'll ask for the 2nd level.We'll def be coming back this summer!!!If your wondering what to wear, wear comfy, casual clothes and sneakers. Have fun!!
4	Top Golf was a blast. They have more then enough people on staff to make sure that questions are answered and that you have service at your tee area for drinks. Everything is reasonably priced. We went in the evening when the lights were on which was fun. Shot off the second story. Things to consider:- Didn't know you have to have a lifetime membership first before reserving a tee. It's just $5, and I recommend doing it online before you get there. - With 6 people, one game lasted us about an hour. So figure out a good pace for playing.
5	I love this place! Such a fun thing to do any day of the week. Hit some golf balls, drink some beers. What's better than that? Not to mention the excellent service. It was my first time and I can't wait to return! Were thinking about buying a membership :) highly reccommend this place!
5	Way too much fun.  Drinks, couches and hitting golf balls.  Seriously.  Service awesome and experience awesome.
1	I'm not sure if this even deserves 1 star. What a disappointment!  This place always seemed to be packed and offered lots to do but I was completely disappointed after tonight's visit. I think the food was way overpriced even for Scottsdale and it was NOT very good at all.   I can understand paying $24 for chicken wings if they are really good, but really some were undercooked and with no flavor. The bartender has no clue, who doesn't know how to make an Irish car bomb?  (Order that 3 separate times and screwed up every time even after we tried to tell him the correct recipe after the first time). And with all the staff they have walking around the management was terrible and completely inexperienced. I spent over $400 in the 3 1/2 hrs that myself & 3 others were there and I will NEVER go back there. With the amount of money you guys make I hope you hire better, more experienced, knowledgeable people that can help you improve your establishment. I have to say that Cindy Lou & Austin from Mayland (on his name tag) absolutely made this experience some what decent for us though.
5	Whether it is for Brunch, Lunch or Dinner this place has been consistent!  I have enjoyed visiting Topgolf every time I have gone.  The place has just recently opened but it seems their kinks are getting worked out better and better with each visit.  I would suggest 6 people per bay because of space and time to play.  Food and drinks are awesome and well prepared!  Word to the wise if your planning on visiting for your first time.. Go online to topgolf.com and register for a membership.  It costs $5 which is the same for in store purchase however, it will SAVE you A LOT of time.  If you register online you can walk in and they will print the membership card right away.  Just be sure to have you RE # from the confirmation email! This is a great place to visit for all ages.  I just recently was there with my twin brother and sister ages 4 and my 83 year old grandmother.  Everyone hit balls and had a great time!  Weekends are certainly the busiest so plan ahead.  Even in this 100 degree weather they have all the bays chilled with fans and misters.
5	AMAZING! We took our kids over the weekend.  One of our children has a life threating nut allergy. When we were ready to order we asked the waitress if they used peanut oil and she said she would check to see. Not only did she check , the chef came over to our table personally and told us what was safe for him to eat. AMAZING service what a great 1st impression! If you have kids and they are not really into golf as much as the parents request the 1st floor area so you can be near the game room. The kids could play inside and the adults can hang outside.
4	My only real problem with this establishment thus far is they over serve ppl. I have seen several men and ladies stumble out, one ending up with a broken nose!! Inexperienced bartenders not only need retraining on proper pours but a refresher course in basic cocktails. I love that they have Valet as it is too hot to spend forever searching for a parking space, with membership it is complimentary, just dont forget to tip! This one guy, John, he runs so fast to get my car I cant help but enjoy the view!! Tasty food, a bit on the slow side but those kinks will work themself out in no time.
5	This place is a blast! Great for parties, you don't even have to be very good at golf to have fun. It's clean, has great staff, and is easy to start and get going.  Price is decent, and it's Very accommodating for good golfers and beginners alike. Highly recommended.
5	Amazing atmosphere, food and games! Such a fun date night or a night out with friends! All staff are very helpful and knowledgeable. There are several games to chose from which keeps it fun! Cant wait to come back!!
5	Topgolf is a great facility with great staff. Great concept - makes golf fun for any skill level.  Definitely worth going at night even though the price is higher. Also try and get the top deck if possible, the view is awesome!!  We will definitely go again soon.
5	Whether you love golf, hate golf, or just suck at golf (I'm pretty much all three), this place is a blast.  I came here with my siblings for my Dad's birthday upon a recommendation from a co-worker.  Even my sister who never plays golf had fun with us here.  Its not a course mind you, but a driving range with various targets located throughout the range.  The targets are situated at various points from as close as 50 yards to as far as 225 yards.  So no matter what clubs you use or even if you habitually duff your shots, there are still plenty of opportunities to get points.  You can bring your own clubs or rent clubs there.  You pay for a bay at the range by the hour (price varies depending on the time of day) and a computer terminal helps you set up whatever game you want to play with your friends.  We just went with the TopGolf game so we could just let it rip wherever we wanted.  The staff there are incredibly friendly and helped us with any questions we had.  Total cost for a two hour session at our bay on a Saturday morning was $50.  You also have to pay a $5 membership card fee if this is your first time here (once you have your membership card you never have to pay for it again).  Altogether we paid $30 in membership fees.  So split between 5 of us (we didn't let my Dad pay obviously) the total cost per person for our time here was $16.  Considering some actual golf courses charge that much for a single bucket of balls on their driving range, a pretty solid deal.The driving range has three levels so there's plenty of space (though it was getting busy when we left).  Its shaded and has swamp coolers so its still useful during the summer.  There are also bars at each level serving booze and you can order food from your bay or at the sports bar downstairs (we didn't order any food this time).  If you have a big party or corporate function you could seriously spend hours and hours enjoying yourself here.In the end my family had a great time and actually my sister beat most of us despite having little golfing experience.  Mark my words, I'll get her back next time.
4	Had a great time. Great service.  Too bad its in Snobdale I mean Scottsdale.  Some 60+ old man killed it for me while he was attempting to hit on me in front of his wife and my husband and son. Can't wait for the Gilbert location to open (where we live) to get away from the Scottsdale vide!!!
1	Horrible service! It took out group 40 minutes to get drinks and food. When ask the server said there was a mix up! They would come by and take our half full beer and take it away. They would say sorry and do it again. No management was around. This will be the last time I will come to this organization. Customer service is NOT a priority!   Thanks top golf for shitty service!!!
5	One of the coolest spots around and I don't golf at all. Awesome place, technology makes this place amazing, amazing server(Bali)  who gave me a vet discount and pushed me to the front of the line, delicious food and the MAN-mosa was great. I'll be back many times in the future
5	Great family fun!  Food is amazing and not overpriced.  Great place for kids and/or date night.
5	Last night I had planned a bachelor party starting the evening off at Top Golf in Scottsdale (Riverwalk). I had all the guests get memberships on TopGolf.com to save some time. Upon arriving there was a line out the door. I expected it to be busy since they opened recently. Fletcher at the membership desk was EXTREMELY helpful getting all my friends their memberships cards. We then were helped by David at the main desk and asked if we could get two spots next to each other to accommodate our party of 8. I had heard that it can take over an hour to get a spot but within 30 minutes David had fit us in and got us started. The whole experience was amazing and we all had a great time. Even my friends that had no golfing experience had a blast. I will be returning very soon and can't wait to try the other games we didn't have time for. I feel like the longer they are open the smoother the whole process will become but will recommend TopGolf to everyone I know. Thank you for making it such a great experience!
5	If at first you don't get in, try, try again! This is what I told myself after visiting the first time on a Saturday night only to learn that it was a three-hour wait for a bay (the private golf areas). The next time we tried to visit, we came at a down time and luckily scored a bay right away! I'm so excited to see a place like Top Golf come to the Valley. My only question is, what took them so long and why don't other fun entertainment spots like this open up more often!? Golfer or not, this is a really fun time and it's family-friendly so Mom & Dad can have a cocktail while the children play! It's like a driving range meets a bar meets a golf arcade. Now, if you are a golfer, you might never want to leave and if you aren't a golfer, this might kick start you into wanting to play. We had a lot of fun and can't wait to continue to visit, especially when the weather cools down!Here's how it works. 1. First time you visit, you will go to the check-in counter and buy a card for $5. This card will serve as your license to golf and that means you can bypass the first counter on your next visit. You will also pay for the first hour which varies in price depending on the time of day: $25 an hour (total, not per person) from open until Noon, $35 an hour from Noon-5 and $45 an hour from 5:00 until close. 2. After you've signed up and purchase your card and first hour, they send you over to the concierge where they will set you up with your bay or put you on a wait-list depending on the time of day. 3. Now that you're set up, you can head over to your bay and start to play. The bay comes with golf clubs and a private area with couches and misters so even if you don't want to play, you can still hang out and watch! 4. The bays run by the hour, so when your hour is up, you can pay for another half hour or hour right at your bay, making it easy (and pricey!)5. You will get your own server at your bay and they offer a full bar and full menu of tasty food.*** If you just want to come and drink, they also have a full bar set-up so you don't have to rent a bay. ****Tips:1. If you're a golfer, you can bring your own clubs. 2. If you like to play with a glove, bring it with you. 3. Wear comfortable clothes. 4. You don't need golf shoes but I suggest you wear closed toed shoes. I played in flip flops and it wasn't very fun. 5. If you don't want to play golf, you can still hang out with your friends in the bay while they play.
1	The actual golf was fun, that part I enjoyed.  The problem I had was with the service in the bar.  Two friends and myself decided to eat lunch inside before heading to the bay to golf.  We promptly placed our order at that's where everything went downhill....-after 30 min I had to flag someone down to bring us our waters and drinks-after 60 min our food showed up w no silverware or napkins.  We asked for some, and received 1 set....yes, we had to then ask for two more sets.-we then asked to speak w a manager, who asked what we wanted, let us explain what happened, asked ZERO follow-up questions, said "thank you for the feedback", and walked away.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!!!!  Nothing, no empathy, no apology, no interest in digging in to what happened.  "Thank you for the feedback".  Like I said, I enjoyed the golf experience, but would never step in that bar again.. Great Customer service is a culture you foster,  and if the mgrs. don't understand it,  why would the servers?
5	First time and had a blast here a few nights ago. Very unique and interesting way of making golf a bit more fun. The building is beautiful inside and out. Staff was very friendly and helpful, considering they've only been open a few weeks... Golfed for 2 hours, ordered food and drinks with our server, delivered right to our private bay! Fun and practical business concept, I'd love to go back and I'm sure this place will continue to grow in other parts of the valley.
5	Five stars. We love it. This place is packed daily even in 110 degree weather for a reason! Awesome concept, great drink menu, good food, legit service - no complaints :)
5	Amazing! I'm not a golfer, but I ended up loving it. I went with my family who loves golf and we planned on staying an hour since I don't golf. Over 6 hours later and we left only because we had a far drive. This place has it all down right. The food is amazing. I didn't expect it to be so good. The brisket tacos and chorizo sliders are my favorite.  Good quality food and so many unique items. I highly recommend this place for people of all ages. My teens loved it. The bays are nice and roomy.  There was 7 of us and each bay can have up to 10 people. You must try it. We will be back again soon.
2	Super crowded!!!! The concept of top golf is really cool. It kinda reminds me of bowling but has way way more people there. There's people everywhere waiting to play this driving range game. I went for the first time on a Saturday evening. I don't suggest that time especially if it's your first time and your excited to check it out.
5	Couldn't have asked for anything better. Great for golfers and non golfers alike. Wish they had something like this when i was in highschool.
4	I came here invited and didn't know what to expect, but I couldn't been more surprised. So relaxed with waiting service, a driving range with the casualty of a bowling alley. The fact that you can play games against the rest of your party makes golf a whole other beast - very nice. I had way more fun than I bargained for and I will definitely return. I like the concept and how well they put it together. And the fact that it was 100+ degrees in the middle of the day, and they still managed to make it comfortable for everybody. I can see this taking off. For sure.I will be back. Soon. Maybe bringing my own clubs. (Note to self: Acquire clubs)
1	We had a going away party, went with 5 people , right out of the gate it was a very bad. Almost like we were in another country.went through my bag took my driver, and 3 other clubs. Were not allowed to drivers at a driving range. The hole time I had  employees going thru my golf bag, to make sure I was using the right club.I have been a business owner for 20 years, this is the worst run place I have been to.everyone I know feels the same way . Besides that went to get clubs back, I was returned the wrong  Clubs four times. Very bad. Not one good thing to say about them.    Don't  go. Big scame . Have No idea what is going on. They are using fake reviews I live here. No buddy has anything good to say local.
3	What a fun place! We went here on a Fri night. A storm was blowing through the area so we were delayed with getting started golfing. Food was decent, drinks were a little watered down, but the game was a blast. The check in process was Slow... One of the bay computers went down during our session. We would return just maybe not on a Fri night.
4	Do yourself a favor and register for the $5 lifetime membership beforehand.  Depending on what time you go, it may save you some waiting time.https://myaccount.topgolf.com/choose_siteSelect the "Riverwalk" location and fill out the information.  Type in $0 if you just want the $5 membership when you reach the page for additional add-ons.  When everything is completed, you will receive 2 emails.  One of which will have a code that they will scan to make your card.  We went on a Saturday night and it took us 2 hours to get a bay.  They will text you so keep a close eye on your phone.  It would also be a good idea to carpool if you are going at a peak time...although I'm sure this will not be a problem once the novelty has worn off.  Overall it was a fun experience but it would be nice if the entire process was more organized or at least better displayed to avoid confusion. The drinks were meh but I guess that's pretty typical of a sports bar.  Its a great place to go if you want a change from Old Town Scottsdale.  And, as I mentioned to my single girlfriend, its an awesome place to meet men!  ;)
4	A little pricey after 5pm ($45 per hour) but it was fun. Not for actual driving range practice. Probably be more fun for groups of non golfers just having fun. Music was a little too loud for my taste. Very polite service and food was good.
5	.
4	Confession- My brother and roommate said "See ya, Liz. We're going to TopGolf!" To which I replied. "I love that place! That's the restaurant with golf right?" To which they laughed and said "Um more like golf with a restaurant." Anyway- this place is pretty cool. I don't think there's really anything else like it in AZ but I feel like this place is so ridiculously popular now (any place that can convince my brother to leave the couch says it all) that a second location has got to be in the works, right? Also, the food is pretty damn good! I was expecting it to be subpar just because you know how cool places like this don't really need good food. Just like a super model doesn't need to be smart, it doesn't matter. They've already got things going for them. But their food was super good! I had the nachos and they were tasty! Good for you, Topgolf, you're a smart super model or...eh whatever, you get what I mean. My only complaint is that the service in the restaurant/bar isn't that great. It's a lot of young servers, which I don't mind, but they need some more training. For example, when I inquired about my drink after everyone had already been served there's don't say "Oh yeah, I forgot. It's been sitting on the bar this whole time, let me get it." Um...cool thanks, I'm sure it's nice and watered down, just how I like it. Haha. Or when we said we wanted to order some starters don't say "Did you want to order them now?" when we're staring at you. No, actually next week please. Thanks for clarifying. Come on! Ha but that's me being nit-picky and I'm coming from a place of love in that this place is too cool to be dragged down but silly servers. Then again, I am the dipshit that remarked "Topgolf! I love that restaurant!" lol so I guess the silly servers are in good company with a silly customer! Haha
4	Really fun place.  Regarding the golf you pay by the hour and, honestly, an hour is enough.  I'm a golfer and I'd had enough after about 45 minutes.  The games are pretty fun (I'd recommend Top Shot for a group) and the waitstaff was very good.  It's a little confusing the first time you go but after a bit you'll get the hang of it. We ate dinner in the restaurant downstairs and the food actually surprised me in it's quality. Very tasty, fast, and reasonably priced.  It's not something I'd even attempt to go to on a weekend night as I can imagine it's a cluster@%@# but during the week, it's a nice spot for group outing.
4	If you ever wanted to golf with Fido by your side, Topgolf in Scottsdale is your place.The recently opened driving range lets you bring your canines along for the ride, who can relax on cushioned couches as you bounce off balls into targets throughout the range.Its dog-friendliness isn't its only draw. Anyone will have fun at Topgolf, whether you're a pro with the sticks or not. Each hole has its own misted and fanned lounge area, with servers delivering drinks and food as you compete against your friends.There are full bars on both golfing levels, as well as a rooftop bar, and fire pits and extra lounging areas give a great view of Valley sunsets, making it a bonafide Scottsdale rooftop bar contender.For those who do golf, up to six people can compete against each other to score points by hitting balls into one of the netted areas. Rates are hourly, after you pay a $5 membership fee. It's $25/hour between open-noon, $35/hour between noon-5 p.m. and $45/hour between 5 p.m.-close. Divided by a group of six, that's not too bad, and I loved it as a new fun alternative to group bowling.Something I wasn't a fan of was that woods and drivers are not allowed, only irons. A driving range where you can't use your driver?! Yep.Apparently too many people were hitting the ball over the fence into Talking Stick Resort area. Bummer.Still, it's pretty darn awesome to hit balls in cool air to Top 40 music.
4	Went to TopGolf for a work off-site and this place is unreal! Had SUCH a great time!The only downside is the parking lot. Seriously, parking is a nightmare! There's SO much space out there in the desert, you'd think they'd be able to buy some property to put in a larger parking lot.Check this place out, but either get there early, or pay the $6 valet fee - it's worth it when it's a million+ degrees out, 'cause you're gonna be walking!ProTip - you get a free dessert if it's your birthday! Oh, and make sure you have a reservation!
5	Finally!! Some fun entertainment that we can rave about in AZ!! Prepare yourselves with a golf glove instead of coming here on a whim (aka me) to avoid the possible blister on your thumb from gripping the golf club too tight. Came here before the 5pm rush for $35/hour. This place is great for groups. With your lifetime membership for $5 plus tax you can save every score that you ever made and check up on your scores. Waitresses/waiters will be at your bay to take your food/beverage orders. There are tv monitors if you really don't want to play golf too. Plushy couches to sit comfortably on for a party of 6. And there are misters to somewhat cool you off in the summer heat. Immediately got a bay in less than 5 minutes. Took the top view and awfully attempted to score points based on accuracy but failed miserably. Let's just say I would not want to share my score. I just have to come back and practice more. Also played pool downstairs and virtual darts. This entire place is busy on the weekends. You don't have to be in golf attire. Comfy clothes like flip flops, tank and shorts are good enough.  Can't wait for the San Tan location to open up!!
5	Cost friendly, super fun and great for dates or groups! Recommend getting the 3rd level!
4	I gotta admit, Its nice having somewhere fun to go to on those nights when you just don't wanna do the same old bar scene anymore. You can only play big buck hunter so many times before you want to smash the screen in with that plastic gun. I'll get you one day you big buck....ahem...but I digress....The golfing games are very fun and even those who have never golfed in their lives would be welcomed here. Great spot to just hang out for a few hours and hvae some drinks with friends while making a fool out of yourself. You can either really impress your friends or completely leave them in stitches all based off your golf swing. Keep that in mind fellas if you are bringing a girl you want to impress. Drinks are strong, food is good, atmosphere is nice. Lost a star because of long long lines and a little bit of incompetence encountered with concierge, but besides that cool spot.
1	Bad experience checking in, 40 minutes to be issued a card ($5.41) which didn't work when finally made it to a tee. Waited again to get that fixed. Lousy service, lots of personal information required to get started. Still waiting to play 55 minutes after arriving.
4	I've been to Topgolf about 3 times now. I love going it is so much fun. Just being able to go with your friends and play a game at a "driving range" is fun. I love finding an excuse to go.Yes I am raving about this place and only give it 4 stars. It's cause service is slow. If you don't order drinks right away, don't expect to see your server or any drinks for 10 minutes. Considering that people are paying by the hour 10 minutes is 15% of your time (if you are there for an hour). I usually go in the middle of the day, so I don't think its too crowded eithere to where this can be warranted. You don't really notice that when its your turn to hit, but if you are sitting there waiting for your turn, its nice to have a drink in hand.
1	They advertise certain prices for different times of the day. I came here before 5 and the price should have been 35 dollars. The lady charged us 45 dollars because she said it would be 45 minutes before we got to golf.  So getting to a place early for a cheaper deal does not matter here. The manager said they charge you for the time you will be golfing not the time you come. Really expensive to just hit a golf ball.
5	Great place to come and have a good time!!!! Heard about this place a fewl the ago. Highly recommend it to anyone that loves to play golf and be competitive!! Great service and the food was amazing!! Nice vibe to Scottsdale Arizona! It was my brothers birthday and it was awesome. Our server Ian was perfect and provided great service!!! Please visit this place, I promise you'll have a great time at Top Golf!!!!
2	Visited this place last Saturday night for a friend's birthday party. Parking is a problem. At the entrance the staff was informative and helpful to get us on the path to golfing. After paying for the $5 membership we were put in a three hour wait list. (Get your membership online ahead of time or you'll kill 30 mins waiting in line.To kill some of the time we sat on the third level at the outdoor restaurant /bar area.  Service here was abysmal; but the food was impressive and unexpectedly delicious.  Our waiter admittedly told us tonight was his last shift when we called the manager on duty over.  My girlfriend ordered brisket nachos an hour and a half ago and they never showed up. The manager on duty was careless and asked me "You know this is a popular time, right?".  He did comp us the nachos but was very unprofessional and cold. We saw him visiting other unhappy tables around us, so this wasn't an isolated incident. The outdoor fans did have misters attached to them and were blowing when we initially sat down which made it bearable. Just before we ordered the misters were turned off and when asked why, the staff told us it was for "safety reasons".  Pro tip: Wear appropriate clothes for the warm atmosphere.Three hours later our bay was ready. As soon as we got there the touchscreen control panel was broken.  We spend 30 minutes idle while the maintenance crew fixed it. It continued to be buggy throughout the night. When we finally got to swing the clubs it turned out to be a fun night especially after they comped us an hour. Overall, I'd return but it would be during off-peak hours.
1	1.) Nothing comes with your $45 "membership"2.) Aweful costumer service - literally grabbed food from under guest and threw it away.3.) Bad experienceGreat concept for entertainment. However, our group member accidently grabbed food from the buffet in the back, he didn't realize it was for a private party. One of the employees came over and understandably reprimanded him. He apologized for the mistake, offer to pay for it and apologize to party. Although I tried to stop the employee, they took the fresh food from under him and threw it right in the garbage! They ignored our solution and chose an ignorant one. When I reminded the manager that people die from starvation  + an animal was slaughtered for the food,  he claimed there was no other way to handle the incident...so the answer was to GRAB THE FOOD FROM UNDER YOUR GUEST AND THROW IT IN THE TRASH??! Riiiiggghhtt...never going there again.
3	A little overpriced & Slow food service, but the staff is nice and it is a fun place to go on a weekend with friends.
1	Bought a gift card here for my husbands birthday and were so excited to go here on a date night on a Saturday night. We show up and there is literally no parking, we had to park on the street and walk up the hill to get there. My husband brought his own clubs, 2 irons and a driver to use. As we walk up, a rude employee stops to tell us that we cannot use any drivers tonight because "to many cars were getting hit in the casino parking lot". Then she proceeded to tell is we will have to walk back to our car to drop off the driver my husband had, apparentlyNot trusting him to have it in his possession. On top of that we would have to wait an hour! Sorry. We're not okay with spending $45.00 for poor service, long wait and going to a range to hit irons. It's called a DRIVING range for a reason. So disappointing and now I'm stuck with a gift card were not even looking forward to using.
5	I went to TopGolf yesterday for my boyfriend's birthday. We got there around 5:30. We had to get in line to get our one time membership card. After that we had to go to the concierge desk to set up our time to play. The wait was around an hour and 15 minutes. Parking was full but we lucked out and got one fairly close to the facility. The concept is really cool. The main thing that stood out to me is all the other activities people can do to entertain themselves while waiting. That made the wait time bearable. The actual game was so much fun!! $45/hour isn't too bad when you're splitting it with a group of friendz. I can't wait for the Gilbert location to open since it's right down the street from me!!
5	TopGolf is pure genius.  I've been to two now and they are busy from the time they open.  $25 an hour for balls and $2 PBR's.  Done and done.
1	Not sure what their problem is but it's always hot inside, 82*. The first time I thought it was because it was over occupied due to a dust storm outside, but that's not the case. The service is pretty horrible also, probably because they have the same people covering tables inside covering the tables outside. And you would think paying what you do to drive some balls they could afford to replace the chewed up tees. I'm over it.
4	How much fun is this place?  My husband's company management has been talking about doing a corporate function here so we thought we'd stop in and get the membership cards out of the way.  I love that there was a woman up front to greet us and guide us where we need to go.  Byron took excellent care of us at the membership counter and he's a fellow Iowan and Hawkeye fan so he's got my vote for Employee of the Month.  Then we walked around and checked out everything.  We really liked how roomy each section is with plenty of seating and a couple of TVs.  The range looks like a lot of fun with a variety of targets, and I also noticed how clean everything was.  We cruised through the bar and noticed there are some large booths with their own TV so you can sit with your group and watch your game of choice.  They also have a gaming area for those not swinging a club.  There were a lot of staff around and they were smiling and making sure people had what they needed, or answering any questions.  While on the way to the restrooms I noticed they have some meeting rooms and one group had booked one for their fantasy league draft.  We got a look at their catered food of wings and some other munchies and it all looked and smelled delicious.  I didn't snag any as I walked by, I swear!  Even though my golf clubs are only in the house as potential weapons now and I call myself a reformed golfer, I would definitely look forward to a corporate event or night out with out-of-town guests at Topgolf.  GREAT place!
5	OMG I need this place in Tampa!!!I was visiting Scottsdale and went there on a Friday night. This might be one of the coolest places I have ever been to! What a creative idea and I bet they make millions. This is definitely not your average driving range. It is two stories and is a bar. Each section is like a VIP area with couches, table and your own section to golf. I've never been to a place like this, only seen it on tv and I am highly impressed! First, the service was great and attentive. We received everything fast without any issues. I was drinking and not eating but my group ordered various things from burger to salad and everyone was satisfied. The range overlooks a beautiful view of the Talking Stick casino. The computer calculates how well you do so you can play for fun or actually compete. You have to pay to play. I believe $30 or more. I wasn't playing much but I hit a few times and not bad for a newby.Overall this is a great fun spot that also has music and it's a great place to hang out with your friends! I can't wait to go back!
2	Awesome for the golf portion. The games are fun, and it's a great thing to do with friends who do golf, and those who don't too! However I've been here numerous times now and have had consistently HORRIBLE bar service. Literally we sat at a bar with a group of five for over 20 minutes without so much as an acknowledgement! I had to walk to the other side of the bar to ask for someone to come over, and we still waited over five more minutes for anyone to come over to us. Weekends are busy so you might encounter a wait, which is fine. But the hosts don't communicate to you how much time that wait may be. They just simply say "ok, we will text you when it's ready". No confirmation that they have the correct phone number and no estimated wait time. Being in customer service for so long, I was very disappointed in this. Communication is key!! Bay service is very hit or miss. Food is actually pretty good, I've tried a few things and have always enjoyed it. I've had Mike C. as a bay host twice now, and he has been the best! Tournaments are extremely unorganized. It goes back to the communication thing though, apparently their system went down, but they didn't communicate that to anyone, so instead everyone just sat waiting for almost an hour. It ended up being almost 6 hours, which was far longer than anyone expected. They were busy, so maybe the staff just wasn't prepared, but the service was horrible in the bays we were assigned during the tournament. I actually sat in a bay for 45 minutes and not once did a server come to offer drinks or anything, so I ended up just opening a tab at the bar and walking to get my drinks for the rest of the time we were there. Overall I think there is a lot of room for improvement. Especially since it is an established business with numerous locations, I think I had higher expectations for them! Hopefully they will work the kinks out, because it really is a fun place to go. It's nice to have something different as an option for entertainment.
3	This is my second post since first going to the TG Scottsdale. The first time was on Fathers Day this last June 2104 about 4 days after the grand opening. It was a crazy disorganized day, but not unexpected. On the whole I was pleasantly surprised, given my initial skepticism, that this format would work for a modern driving range. On that first visit my wife had overpaid and TG gave us a credit for a future visit. So Labor Day we ventured out again, to sample another TG experience. The checking in process was painful, considering we had a TG issued credit, that no-one could figure out how to enter into their computer system. We were bounced back and forth between check in and concierge, and finally the manger had to use his own override to fix it. So up we went to a third floor bay. It was empty up there, and somewhat of a surprise. The bay would not accept the credit issued and we waited 20mins to get this resolved. Then I noted they had no woods or hybrids in the TG rack? Why I thought. Turns out its because most modern golfers now, can clear the far fence and hitting cars in the Talking Stick Casino parking lot. Ok bad design flaw TG . So why can't women use some as required and handed back after the session is complete? My wife prefers these clubs and does not have a long range, so she did not enjoy the very limited clubs on offer, which by the way have horrible grips now, after only 3 months. I'm confused what Top Golf is trying to be, because if it's families then I'm offended I can't be trusted to behave with a long club or 3 wood while on the other hands perhaps the liquor and beer crowd cannot, hence the long club ban. It's already beginning to unravel which is a pity, because it has great potential for both families and millennials looking for a bucket of beers, nachos and to drive some cool shots 250 yards. It's meant to be a driving range, so make it one.
1	Still haven't played there, but tried.The line is out the door and I'm there with my two kids for a little food and fun.  20 minutes of waiting outside -hot as heck at noon - we finally make it to the A/C.  At this point I get approached by a guy who informs me that "We are an irons-only facility".  I look at the golf bag I'm carrying - which belongs to my 8 year old son who, can hit it about 75 yards if he catches it all... but say, "OK, cool we won't use it.  No biggie."  Then I'm informed I need to return it to my car. " Really?"  "Yes" I also had a plastic Snoopy driver in there, should I leave that behind as well?  And you couldn't have told me that 20 minutes ago - oh wait the staff didn't want to be out in the hotness any more than I did.I took it out to the car, kids with me, and left.  Maybe I'll give it a shot again, but based on the goat-rodeo that was my first visit yesterday.  I really wanted to LOVE the place as the place in only 5 minutes from my office - wish I had enjoyed it more, or at least had a chance.
1	What the hell is going on with Topgolf? First you cut the rubber tees off, then no woods or hybrids, now you can't hit your own irons on two levels? I can't believe that they didn't figure this out before. Huge disappointment! I used to love going to this place, but now it's more like putt putt entertainment. A good thing gone bad by just a few golfers. Use your microchip technology and eliminate the golfers who are launching over the net!
5	A Must for all those looking to have a great time eating, drinking and taking out some frustrations hitting golf balls.  Great experience for everyone no matter what your age or golf skills may be.  Overall Great Food, Full Bar (Build your own Bloody Mary Bar) and 3 tiers of fun.  Even if you have no desire to swing a club, I recommend giving it a try!  Only complaint would have to be staying away during the summer heat because the misters are useless and at night you are going to pay $45/hr for each bay. See You Soon!
4	Joe B.,I'm sure you will read this and I commend your efforts as the manager/partner/whichever position you hold in the company.  TopGolf provides a wonderfully unique experience for residents and visitors alike.  I was there for about 5 hours total between 3 hours of golf and 2 split between the bar and Xbox room downstairs and loved every minute spent with my high school friends from back in the day.I may sound repetitious, but the star which is missing can be attributed to the lack in service provided by the waitstaff.  It took a couple tries for our waiter to return with the correct amount of water glasses (6) and disappeared for about 45 minutes while we anxiously awaited our adult beverages.  Instead, after 30 minutes of waiting, we went to the bar and received service in a matter of minutes.  When we got back to our table, our waiter showed up with our drinks, letting us pound the first as not to let the others get watery.  The food?  Our entrees were...tasty.  The quesadilla I ordered came out with my girlfriend's salad, but both were cold.  I was a couple gin and tonics in, so I didn't mind and got through half.  Great ingredients, somewhat cold.After we spent the equivalent of someone's paycheck, we headed inside to the pool room with the shuffle board tables.  The twelve of us (we had made new friends down there) were having a great time playing Xbox games and having some drinks.  After an hour, we were ready to call it a night.  I'm not sure what happened between the time we ordered drinks and food, but again, the food came out cold and the drinks were no where to be seen.  So, once more, I headed to the bar to fetch everyone's drinks.  After I had returned, the waiter was confused and asked, "Oh when did they get here?" I told him I went and got them myself.  He hustled away and returned a minute later with a bunch of watered-down drinks and some quips about how "you need to be more patient." Oh.  The waiter has jokes?  I was a bar tender for five years and have had busy nights, but being a smart mouth to customers was never part of my delivery.  I let it roll off my back and tried again to order a round of drinks.  Gone.  He disappeared.  I have no idea if he had transferred us to someone else, but we were left for what felt like another hour asking anyone in a blue or black polo for our drinks and the check.  Finally, someone who appeared to be a head waiter came out with our check and some colorful jokes insinuating we're just there to hassle waiters, complain to management, and hadn't even rented a hitting bay like "paying customers do."  The concept is IMPECCABLE, but the waitstaff NEEDS to be improved.  I will be back, but I will certainly frequent the bar and not ask the waiters for much, if anything.
1	This place has gone from a great place to hit golf balls to one of the worst.  You can no longer hit any type of driver, fair way club (3,5 or 7 wood) or any hybrid club. This goes for women too.  Additionally if you want to use your own clubs, irons only, you can only hit from the bottom floor, which on a busy night is impossible to get an open bay. I guess it's back to Crackerjax's!!!!
1	Second time to TG. Had a blast the first time as a Fathers Day gift from the family. We really enjoyed it and looked forward to this visit to now show my mom. This time  we were met at the door by staff advising of a policy change that we cannot use our drivers, woods or hybrids due to possibility if hitting over the net.  Really? You didn't think about that when you built the place?  Assured them that my 86 year old mom would hold back and not launch her 350 yard drives, nor would my wife or I.  Then told we had to leave the woods, hybrids at the desk and if we use our irons we were restricted to the lower level only.   Really?!  What's next?   With all the restrictions we decided just to leave and enjoy a nice dinner elsewhere.   It's really a shame that TG has been reduced to this.
5	So cool. Cool place to hang out. Not too fancy. You can wear casual clothes. Servers bring food and drinks right to your table while you're "golfing." It's really easy. I've never played golf before and even I had a good time playing. Food is even good for what you would think is more of a bar. Relaxed, chill environment. Love it!
4	Went this morning right at opening to beat the heat and the crowd. Got in quickly and didn't have to wait for a bay. We were a little annoyed because the employee at the bay reservation desk told us that it is currently an "iron only facility" so when you bring your own clubs you have to hit off the first deck and you can't bring your driver to the bay. Apparently people have been hitting balls over the net. They offered to check the clubs you weren't allowed to bring but we just ran them back to the car. They should have emailed members and posted signage but they did not. Our bay was fine. Nothing out of the ordinary. Took a few minutes for our server to get there, but she finally brought us waters and we ordered a round of mimosas. Those also took a while to get there -- her reasoning was because they had just opened and so things weren't ready yet (not an excuse). Mimosas were more like a glass of OJ with a splash of champagne which sucked. Overall golfing experience was fun. They provide rental clubs at each bay if you don't have any. Definitely come for the experience. It's a very cool place.
2	Update...This has very quickly gone downhill :(It's such a great concept and was SO much fun at first but my last few visits have been extremely disappointing. I'll use my last visit to illustrate:I finally got a chance to bring my dad to Top Golf. I already knew we weren't permitted to use drivers, woods, or hybrids (ridiculous) but we showed up at about 11:15am this day only to be told that as of THAT day, we can only hit our clubs from the first floor. This was a huge let down for me, especially since I had brought my new clubs with me. My dad goes with the flow so he said don't worry about it, the first floor is fine - because of course I wanted to play with my new clubs. So we were sent all the way to the end of the first floor (bay 103 to be exact) where the computers were broken, everything was dusty and dirty, and we got no service. Literally 25 minutes later we still hadn't even sat down, nor could we even get water because there wasn't a server in sight. Thirty minutes later, luckily we finally had a server and the computers were fixed because we had two other people that met us there about 11:45 to play. Our server was overly apologetic and awkward but at least the food was good.It would have been nice if they had just offered to move us to a different bay? Not sure why they couldn't manage to do that. I really wish they would come up with some kind of system where everyone has the opportunity to play with their FULL set of clubs and if you hit it over the fence once, that's it - you're out. I understand life isn't fair and they are "fixing the fence" or whatever but it would be so much more fun if we could use all of our clubs, on all of the levels, especially the girls! My boyfriend and I were planning on doing the Monday night tournament together but after this last visit we definitely changed our minds.If I come back, it will probably only be for the nachos.
4	I loved this place. Finally good food and fun! The spinach salad was perfect. Hubby had club sandwich. I expected bowling food but was totally surprise with the high quality of food. The goat cheese with cinnamon Mouth watering. I loved the golf game easy to play with good golfers and hackers as well. Wives take husbands here for date night
4	Topgolf is one of the best ideas I have ever heard . It's a driving range/bar .The driving range is not your typical driving range . It's three stories high with each group having your own lane and clubs. Wish they had a better selection of clubs though. Their is a couple of games you can play with the group from competitive to just having a great time . All levels of play can go and succeed at the games . The bar is really packed on the weekends and tough to get a drink but once you get on your lane which can sometimes be a hours long wait you have you own personal bar tender which is awesome . I definitely recommend going to top golf. The only reason I give it  4 stars is because of the slow bar service and the amount of choices for clubs is slim
5	Great place! We went with a group of 10 and played at 2 bays next to each other.  Prices were decent and service was excellent! Would definitely recommend this place for any occasion. We will be going back!
3	I love this place but have been here 4/5 times and have had horrible service every time!  I sat at my bay for 20 min with no acknowledgment and previous times waited over 10 minutes to get drinks I ordered!  I hope management sees this!
3	I am not sure how to rate this location.  The first part of the visit was not the best but we ended on a happier note.  I was visiting TopGolf for a friend's birthday.  We started off in the bar for brunch.  The food at TopGolf was amazing!  I had the Crab Cake Benedict with house potatoes.  Very delicious and full of flavor.  Thank you for the right amount of Hollandaise sauce.  Granted, we had 11 people in our group but the service was not great.  Most of the party had ordered at the same time with one latecomer.  The Bartender tried her best to come back and refill our drinks but the bar got busy.  We had a couple orders that had to be sent back and those orders took another 40 minutes to have corrected.  One of the orders only requested toast.  We tried to talk to the Manager about the lack of service and the missing orders, but he gave us attitude.  He didn't try to fix the situation and we had to wait for the missing food.  I recommend if you are going to have a bar with a restaurant, you need to have the staff to handle morning brunch.  The Bartenders cannot wait tables and handle the drink order rush.  Once outside, we were treated to a wonderful golf experience.  You will have purchase a $5 dollar golf license and this never expires.  On the bay you can play by the hour : $25 per hour open until Noon, $35 per hour Noon-5 and $45 per hour 5:00 until close.  Once everyone has swiped their card into the computer, you can play.  We had the best server on the bay.  Our server constantly came by to make sure that we had drinks and he even helped us with some group photos.  I can't remember his name but he was awesome!TopGolf is definitely an experience.  I am not a golfer but I would come back for another round.  I like the setup of the bays and the various golf clubs they have for men and women.    For being an outside venue, it was the best chilled place in a 100 degree weather.  If you have your own clubs, bring them.  But leave the drivers at home.
1	I was told at door that you can only hit irons have to take woods and hybrids back to car.  Great job on designing a driving range that can't hold a shot over 200 yards.  Expensive place to begin with but way overpriced if you can only hit irons.  Been to one in Wooddale, IL.  Great concept just not in Scottsdale though.
5	I went the other night with a group of people. The service was awesome, even with that many people. Mac our service was funny and always making sure we were taken care of. It was a very fun place and will be back soon.
2	ONLY WORTH GOING ONCE! Management take note!  I went to school for Hotel and Restaurant Management. There is a ton of things that need to be fixed. I was very disappointed. I would rate this two different categories. First, the service was awful! This company needs to have more employees in the restaurant area. We waited 30 to find an area "tables" where they serve you. If you are not in this area forget about getting a drink or food. Then we waited about 20 more minutes to place our orders. OUR FOOD CAME BEFORE OUR DRIKS, huge fail! We sent my friends order back two times. They need to have more than two computers to place orders. Have you though about servers having iPads to place the orders from? All employees who serve and or run food orders need to know the menu. Our food runner did not know what ingredients were in what my friend ordered.  They need to have cocktail takers who walk the whole area of the restaurant. We had several food runners ask us, Did you order...?  How are your orders printed out? No table numbers to what is ordered? They need to go back to training their service staff stat! Second category, food/atmosphere. The food and atmosphere is great. The tacos were to die for!! Way to go to the chef!Once you get to your bay the service is good. I would go once to experience this. Not eager to go again. You would think they have various locations that they would have things down by now!
5	So awesome! lots of fun!!! Great fun, excellent active date spot, etc....Have fun!
5	Brought my husband here for his birthday. My advice: GO EARLY. We got there at 5 on a Saturday and only had a 20 minute wait for the top floor. That gave us just enough time to have a drink at the bar and munch on some chips & guac. Since it was our first time we were escorted up and given a run down of how it all worked. Our bay had cushy couches and our server Kenny was prompt and attentive. Try the Mushi! Spicy and delish. I've never golfed before so I was nervous I'd really suck and wouldn't have fun. Not so! I had a great time and my hubs loved the gift. One hour was all we needed.
1	Great place just ruined by REALLY poor management decisions: 1st time I was there NO drivers allowed (!!!) WTF? Isn't it a driving range??? Oh, maybe they didn't build a tall enough fence?? Why should I pay for YOUR mistakes? Ask for a discount, all I got was a "sorry". Second time: NO drivers & NO hybrids (!!!) and best for last... This last weekend..: NO irons from upper decks (!!!) Yes, you've heard correctly; If you want to use your OWN irons you have to play from the lower deck, otherwise you MUST use the lame (and short) clubs provided by the place. It is a real shame that an amazing place like this has been ruined by such POOR MANAGEMENT DECISIONS. I will not go back to that place until they allow the use of ALL clubs (driver included). Make's no sense what they are doing. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. POTENTIALLY A GREAT PLACE JUST RUINED BY MANAGEMENT.
5	Went to Top Golf for the first time last night! Was incredible! Had such a great time, even though I'm not a huge golfer. You get your own server which she was very attentive and friendly! (Sorry forgot her name)! Looks like I just found my new hotspot!
5	Awesome place! Will definitely be back! The people were great! The atmosphere was Amazing! LOVED IT!
3	Well horrible first visit. ...xoxo don't get a waiter to save our life. Finally grab someone to some, nothing then grab someone else just to be told it's not my table.  Then order drinks, they a are the wrong ones and then takes another 20 minutes to get the right ones. Talked to manager and all taken care of.
5	This place is awesome. Everyone was super friendly and the games are way fun. A tip: go early in the day and with a group of friends. It's not nearly as busy and when you split it up it's very affordable. Still no drivers allowed but that's okay. The range is only about 215 yards long so hitting the targets doesn't need a lot of power. I can't wait to go back!
2	We went to topgolf 9/20/12 for a birthday. There were 12 of us... To start when we got to Topgolf we were told to stand in one line. We waited in that line for aprox. 20 mins before getting to the counter. At the counter they were having difficulties with the computer and it took another 20-30 mins to check all of us in. During the check in process I asked a friend of mine to go check on bays for us at the concierge desk.  She was told at the concierge that we could not check in without having everyone's players cards present. (Prior to going to the venue I had purchased to 2 VIP passes so that we could prevent the waits and be moved to the front of the line for bays.) Once we had everyone's players card the concierge then let us check in for bays. They told us that if we wanted the 2nd or 3rd floor that it would still be about an hour or two wait for us even with the VIP passes. So we opted to take the first available. They put us on the first floor in bay 102 and 103. Someone from Topgolf brought us to our bays and showed us how to use the computers. That was extremely helpful... but then we noticed that there were only 5 and 6 clubs in each of the bays. I went up to the front desk and asked that they brought us more clubs and was told someone would be down there right away. That NEVER happened. I went back up to the front desk and requested clubs again and still no one came. The golf itself was fun, but we would not return to this venue. If we want to hit balls, we will go to a regular driving range and save on the headache of the crowd, the lack of organization and be able to use multiple clubs.
5	I am the Vice President of Product Marketing for Plantronics. We were launching a new set of products that we wanted to announce to our partners and customers. We needed a venue were we could have a first-rate meeting, show the products to our customers, but also something that might be different than a hotel ballroom. One of our team had heard of Top Golf and suggested it.I was a little bit nervous because it is a non-traditional venue. I thought it might be too noisy and too distracting. I was also worried that the mix of professional and social might be off-putting to some of our customers. I was wrong.We used the meeting room on the main floor. The AV facilities were first rate. There are lots of monitors and great overhead audio. We selected round tables all facing in. One of our presenters uses a wheel chair so we didn't want people seated too deep. The catering was very good. It was markedly better than typical hotel catering and more cost effective. The view from the room onto the field was superb but the black out curtains made sure it wasn't a distraction during our presentations. We did run into a small issue with hallway noise that was quickly rectified when we spoke to staff. We also noted that they weren't ideally situated for large equipment pack-in, pack-out. If this is something you need to do, I would have a storage truck in the parking lot and move in and out from there.Speaking of staff, it was the staff that made the day. Thomas and Amber stood out as two people who just knew "how to make it right". The exceeded my expectations, not just by providing incredible, thoughtful service, but by caring about the success of our event. It felt very genuine. I have done a lot of events in any time, and I cannot recall enjoying working with a team so much. Of course there were many people on their team that were also involved --- too many to mention by name, but each person wanted to go out of our way. What's more, they weren't just doing this for us. I watched how they worked with the regular guests.  They really seemed to care. In any place, that would be amazing, but in this environment, it was especially unexpected and helped make our customers feel very welcomed.Everyone enjoyed the social events of golf and pool. Being able to order food off me u rather than from some banquet list really kept everyone happy. The cocktails were a little premium-priced for straight up entertainment, but less than at a hotel venue. We were so happy with our Product Launch. Our customers and partners loved it. The staff really made it work well. A different attitude from the staff and I am not sure this venue would have been as successful.Roadside signage isn't ideal. Some people noted it was hard to find. The building is obvious once you know what you are looking for. It is a beautiful facility.We will use this facility again and we will also look at other locations for similar events.
3	I was super stoked about this place from the beginning. It brought a new light to golf that was for everyone in the family even if you aren't a golfer. The staff nows how to personalize your experience and make sure that you are well taken care of.I was very excited to be part of the platinum membership. I have never waited for a bay and the platinum host when they are around remember your name and are always in a great mood  and there to make sure your receive a great experience.The reason I am only giving them 3 out of 5 stars is not reflective of the staff but more so in the fact that there has been several limitations since they opened with being a driving range.Since they opened they cut off tee's .... Not a big deal.. Then a month later without any warning to their members they would no longer allow any Driver, Woods, or Hybrids?? Apparently they underestimated the Golfer's in PHX.  SUPER BAD PLANNING.In order to rectify this for the members the did refund us for one month because of the new rules that went into effect.However, the following month I was charge with nothing changed. I put a call into the General manager whom I had a conversation with prior, informing her that going fourth I think the way TopGolf handled this situation the new club rules mad me feel like I was a little kid and not trusted, and not informed which we all should of been rather then walking up to the facility and being asked to return our clubs to our cars in the 115 degree weather..I do want to point out that their are some amazing staff that does work their and makes my 25 minute drive across town worth it!! The General manager was kind enough to refund me for another month which I feel I truly appreciated.It has now been nearly 2-3 months and not much has changed as far as the rules go and in fact seem to of gotten worse..  For awhile now if I brought my own clubs I was again told without any prior information that I would only be allowed to use my own clubs on the bottom floor..This to me made TopGolf, more of an inconvenience and absolutely not worth the membership.. But I do want to mention again that I was originally charged for this month but then after speaking to the general mgr it was refunded.I was told that I was see some changes very soon. The only things so far is they changed the balls which now have a horrible and not realistic golf bounce and we are again able to use ONLY OUR IRONS on all floors makes it tough to call this place a driving range at all.. It is still a great place to entertain and have fun but if you are coming her to really practice your game save it for a real course and driving rangeI truly love the concept of this biz but because of extremely poor planning and lack of organization I am at the point where if i am not allowed to use my other clubs very soon I no longer feel as though paying out $250 a month is worth the time and effort to go to TopGolf.Hope they get there act together real quick or else I feel they are going to lose many more fans and members of this great Biz venture.
2	The food here is great and the service is pretty good too, but I wouldn't recommend this place because of the safety issue.I've seen people swinging their golf clubs outside of the red zone.  And of course, sometimes there are more than 1 person in the red zone when one of them is hitting the ball while the other person was chatting.  Any golfer would know that having two people in the red zone is very dangerous and would be very cautious about it.  But this is not a place for just regular golfers.  It's for families or friends to get together whether they golf or not.  However, I did not see any of them got warned for doing what they were doing.  Again, great idea, bad management here.Also, there was a golfer chasing his golf ball from his red zone to our red zone when one of my friends was about to take a swing.  Again, no staff tried to stop that or approach the ball-chaser and explain the safety rules.  Did any of the staff saw that?  Of course.  But it's probably not waitress's responsibility to report this issue as long as no blood spilled?There is a good chance that I will get a feedback stating "we will immediately address your concern" but I doubt it will really be seriously addressed until a major accident takes place and gets on the news. So for the time being, I would avoid this place so I am not the one ending up on the news.
5	Love this place....tons of fun.  Pretty disappointed that no woods or drivers are allowed.  I'm hoping they get that problem corrected at some point.  Otherwise, thisis a fun place to play.
5	One of my favorite activities in the Phoenix area. A good place to hang out with friends and eat as well. The food here is actually better than I was expecting too. A good time for beginners as well as advanced golfers.
5	I took friends here that were visiting from out of state who love  to golf on Oct 10th 2014. We went to rent out two golfing stations and there was some type of glitch in the computer system. We had a rock star in training who was waiting on us and was having some issue with the computer. We were patiently waiting for at least 20 minutes to have the issue solved. I am not sure what happened however the manager Cory came over fixed the problem and comped both stations for free for the inconvenience. Now that's what I call great customer service. Thanks Top Golf, I will definitely be back.
2	Golfing is fun service is poor. The waiter at bay 312 at 9pm on 10/14/14 (black visor and wannabe beard) needs to learn customer service. Our machine was down and instead of helping tried to push us to buy food. When we declined and asked if he could have someone fix our machine he gave us lip and walked off and didn't return for our next hour and a half. We paid good money to golf here ($45/he at night) and it's a shame to not even get anything from your waiter... Not even water. Golf was great though we didn't let the help ruin our night.
5	I'm the VP of People (HR) for a company here in Phoenix. We recently held a company event at TopGolf in Scottsdale, and it was AWESOME! Everybody had a fantastic time. The staff was just terrific. Our employees brought their families, and the kids had a ball. The TopGolf staff was excellent with the kids and took lots of time to help the newbie-golfers (kids and adults) learn and get comfortable. The private room was perfect and the food was great too. A+. 5-Stars. 100%. I highly recommend TopGolf, and I know we'll be back.
5	Love this place, I think it's my new addiction,  bloody marys with Mac, best waiter!!!
4	First time here and we had a great time, many games to chose from and the golf was fun. Had the burgers,  sweet potatoe frys. Food good I think the drink were a little weak. That would be the bad thing.
4	Had a great time golfing...good for amateurs as well. Don't bother downloading the app. (Needed to change the channel) 3 of us tried and none of us could log in. Other than that, everyone enjoyed themselves.
4	If you like any of the following things, then chances are you will like this place:- Golf- Fun- Bars- Food- Competition- Friendship- Smiling- High Fives- RanchIf you don't like any of those, then you might need to take a good long look at your life. Or you might be a vampire. Or dead.Either way, this is basically a sports bar meets a three-story driving range, which, yes, is about as cool as it sounds. I don't even like playing golf and I had a good time. The food was pretty typical, but the drink selection was better than your average sports bar. My only real complaints would be not enough seating in the private golf areas and a little too long of a wait time in between server visits.Again, worth checking out if you're looking for a fun, unique experience with a good group of friends.
4	Love the design and concept. The workers always seem a tad bit unorganized though.
4	Overall, I agree with my fellow Yelpers. I am a fan of TopGolf because who refuses entertainment and fun at the brainchild of a sports bar and 3-story driving range with a lounge? It can be a bit confusing when you first arrive. The parking has never been an issue for me though I've noticed some complaints. You do have to get a card for $5 but once you have that, you are golden, like lifetime membership status. You can upgrade for VIP service if you need that distinction. There is a second line to get your bay but it goes pretty fast. I will say my last experience there, the POS was down and we got overcharged for our bay and wasn't too happy with that oversight. The terminals are pretty easy to set up your games but if you need instruction, there's always a friendly group next to you such as mine or the staff.Now, if you are a true golfer, yes your snobbery is duly noted that it is nothing like the real driving range. But come on? Not too many of those are open late night with a fantastic light show to feed your Masters' dream. If you get bored with the games, you can always strut down to the bar and check out the multiple TV screens and colorful patrons. Where else other than the WM Phoenix Open are you going to find women scantily clad when golf is involved?Staff is spotty when it comes to bay service but overall attentive to your needs. Food is pretty good and the drinks are extensive enough for your various taste buds. Overall, it's fun for big group outings and company events. I prefer night time because you can catch the sunset and the balmy breeze almost makes you feel like you got transported outside the desert.
4	This was my first time visiting Topgolf but I had a good idea of what to expect.  Lots of people drinking, golfing and just having a good ol time.  It's a beautiful complex and very modern.  We went on a Saturday night so it was pretty crowded.  We only had to wait 30 minutes for our own golfing bay which wasn't bad.  We grabbed a drink in the super cool modern bar and before we knew it, it was our turn to golf.  The golfing is fun - it's basically just a driving range turned into a competition much like darts or bowling.  Great place for groups or parties! The food was actually above average for a bar!  I was impressed with the sliders and quesadilla.The drinks were great!  Go for the frozen margs with a sangria float :) Next time I go back it's going to be for sunday funday because they have awesome deals on Sundays and why not?
5	Top golf was a blast! I would definitely recommend going with a group of 4-6, because it costs $40-45 per hour, per pod. You can have up to 6 people per pod. I went with 3 other people and we had a great time. The staff there was really nice and friendly and very accommodating. The food and drinks were great. The atmosphere was awesome too, I mean it can't get better being at a driving range where everyone is drinking and having a good time. The bucket specials are pretty sweet (spent $20 for 6 leinenkugel sunset   wheat). If you go with a group it's easy to split the cost of things. Top gold offers various game options at the driving range that keep players amused. Overall I had a blast here and definitely would recommend this place to friends trying to do something different on the weekend or even during the week.
5	Something different, great bloody Mary bar and lots of fun.
1	I have been here quite a few times since they opened.  A couple of those times were corporate events (*****) and a couple were just regular visitation (***).  During the corporate events, everything was great but largely due to the budget of the hosting company.  On the other times the service has not been great in the outdoor bar area, but that is another review for another day (many people were billed twice near the outdoor bar and servers think Cabernet Sauvignon is a white wine).  Do not book a "social event" and actually be a popular person or run into people you know at the venue.  Also, do not speak positively about this venue on social media while you are there as "social event" means "private event" to TopGolf and you will be charged for people who are near you, even if you do not know them all... The contracted amount of people are the maximum allowed near your unsecured area despite a fixed cost but increased revenue on the part of TopGolf (patrons will pay 18% gratuity for being near you).  Just have someone arrive early and reserve a couple of lanes and wait the 2 hours, $1,000 will go a lot further that way.We moved everyone we knew to the bar area in lieu of breaking up the group but they chose to pack up our food an hour early without checking with me, regardless of the fact that we paid for a fixed amount of time.I am certain this company is trying to alter the definition of customer service as they do not seem to understand it.  Constant defense of a poorly written "contract" and management continually blaming their employees for a flawed policy is not service.Also, Joe B., do not respond to this post with some useless apology, you can feel free to contact me directly as the staff has my contact information.  If you do not plan to address this issue, spare us the commentary.
5	We had an amazing time!  Great fun for all of our party.  Even with my lack of golf skills I still had an excellent time.  The food was terrific too!
5	Topgolf is really what bowling wants to be - fun without having to rent tacky shoes.  Even though it was incredibly fun, the reason I give it 5 stars though is the obvious effort to offer great service.  We went on a Friday and had no problem getting a bay. We were met outside by some nice Topgolf employees.  Once inside, employees quickly checked us in and escorted our group to our bay.  For an hour it averages about $11 person.  Food and drink prices I thought were reasonable.    I also want to give huge kudos to our server - she checked back frequently and was super friendly.Recommendations: Get your $5 membership online.  This will save you a little time inside.Leave your sticks unless you're so tall or short that average size clubs won't do it for you. Our group of 4 did fine with the selection of clubs they had at the bay.      'Sunday Funday' offers significant discounts.   We'll be back - What a great place!
4	I like it.  I like it a lot.  Came her with some friends, and had a great time.  Very fun environment and great concept.What could use some improvement.  Service is slow. It was a slow process getting a players card.  There was only a few people in front of us when we got there and it took about 20 minutes to buy our $5 players card.  Then when we got to our station it took a while for us to get our drinks.  It did not seem overly busy and they seem to have plenty of staff so they could use some improvement here.  Food was not great, but wasn't really expecting that much.  Just your typical bar food.  Overall, I enjoyed myself and will come back.
5	This place is amazing, even for non golfers!I'm not a golfer myself, but I have had the best time here with my friends.Food is great and drinks are inexpensive!Been here day and night - at night everything lights up and makes it even more awesome.The only thing that annoyed me was the fans. I felt like I was in a never ending tornado, but eventually got the fan turned off, thank God.only $45/hour.
4	This place is great!  It would get that last star if they did not limit us to irons...  Someone made a big boo boo when they opened this place and did not design the range to support long woods or hybrids... Other than that the place is a lot of fun.
1	Top Golf is meant for drinking only.  It is not meant to practice golf.  This place is a total joke.  YOU CANNOT HIT YOUR DRIVER, FAIRWAY WOODS OR HYBRIDS.  You can only use your irons.  I bought a Groupon and no where does it say irons only.  Call the driving range and they tell you NOTHING ABOUT IRONS ONLY.  I guess some genius didn't figure out that if you are on the top floor some balls will fly over the net at the end.  You can tell this place is poorly run, step inside and you would be hard pressed to find anyone to answer your questions.  I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU STAY AWAY FROM THIS JOKE OF A GOLF OUTLET.  If you want to drink and wait for your drink, go right ahead.
4	Went to top golf for the second time and had a blast! I really like the atmosphere here and the staff is very friendly and the service is top notch. There are many different games to choose from, some are easy and others are more advanced. A great place for anyone to hang out even if you have never hit a golf ball before. They do not allow drivers at this place but you are welcome to bring your own irons if you wish. The music is loud enough to enjoy but not so loud that you have a hard time carrying on a conversation with your team mates. The hourly rates are a bit pricy but I think it is worth the service and nice facility that comes along with it. I will be returning to this location quite frequently.
3	I have been here quite a while. Had the best experience all these time untill the last two.. i have always came here during  the day which i may say it was awesome  the staff kept up with everything(food, drinks, refill) always checking  in on us. Each time  we always  hit the  bar after words. Till i went during  the evening place was pack and had a group  of 9. -.- lets start  by saying the server  didn't  show up to often. We all order food at once  so we wouldn't confuse  him. He had a smile  on his face but knew something  was wrong. Only 3 plates  showed  up when good came and when wr ask him where the rest was he replied  by saying he forgot. An average  drink took about 15 min.  And we had to hunt our server down for our  tab. At the end we still think its a awesome  place but will not go at night, it sucks.!
4	Newly modeled driving range with good music, alcohol and food.There aren't a lot of places like this in North America, absolutelya highlight of our trip to Arizona (about a 10 min cab ride from Scottsdale).From what I have seen this place can get bumpin' on the weekendsand is a really great pre-game option before heading to a club.
5	What a fun experience this is! I arrived reasonable early about 10am, and I signed up for 30 minutes since it was my first visit and I wanted to see how it all worked. It was just myself and my wife, I was the only one hitting balls, while my wife used the the free wi-fi. Our hitting station have a 5 seat high top or I could have request a sofa seating about the same number, we have our own TV with the college football on and a screen for everyone to see the hitter scores and distances. I had a great time the 30 minute flew by, I will be back with friends for some friendly competition! The food & drink were reasonable prices but prices per hour do go up the later in the day you visit, but if you are splitting it 3-4 ways it's not bad, depending on how much beer you drink!
5	Great Place! Ton's of mini games to play! I would definitely go again!
2	Someone from upper management did reach out to me after my post here and to me that does count for something on behalf of an establishment.  The gentleman was very polite and 'heard' my point.  He seemed unwilling, but not unable to see my point and how the way they handle people trying to enjoy their facility could have been accomplished more effectively.  Though he was very friendly and seemed interested in resolving the issue, no options were offered (Like when Donald Trump speaks about Condoleezza Rice).  On quite a few occasions he mentioned that he was new to the issue and was not abreast of all the facts.  This is customer service in America today, "I understand you are unhappy but there is nothing I will do about it but invite you back for another dose of what I hope is better the next time."  The only way I would go into anything unprepared is if I was willing to concede or if I knew I had no intention of changing my position regardless of the truth.  I am still not familiar with the unorthodox management or service at TopGolf.
5	I had a great time there. The golfing was fun and challenging.  The food was excellent and I couldn't of asked for better service than I got from Mac on the first floor.
4	I went to Top Golf convinced I was NOT going to enjoy myself. I do not care for golf. Not even mini-golf, but my work was going for "team building" and I showed up. The cost isn't bad - 35 for a bay, and 5 dollars a person for a card. I personally didn't golf, but the rest of my team did. They all raved about the different games you could play with the "micro chipped" balls. The food was wonderful, the drinks were plentiful. Originally, we were in a bay where the fan was broken, so they moved us, and it was MUCH cooler. The only gripe, is a coworker of mine ordered a burger, and asked for guac - the food runner was convinced the order was "not right" (though it looked right!) because of the guac - and the poor girl had to wait an extra 20 minutes while they "found" her food. They insist this made a new once since they "lost" it - but she was convinced, they brought her the original one. Food runners can be a necessity, but make sure they know people CAN custom order extra toppings.
3	Fun! But NO "Drivers, Woods or Hybrids" are allowed! Should charge 1/2 price for 1/2 service.  ($45 an hr)Talking Stick Casino getting hit with golf balls. #buildabiggerfence #badplanning
1	This place looks amazing, great facilities...but that will never make up for the absolute worst service I have experienced in Arizona.  We were told our wait for a golf spot was 30 minutes.  So we went to the bar to have a drink.  We sat at a dirty table that never got bussed for over an hour while we waited for our golf lane that was only supposed to be a 30 minute wait.  Not only that, but no one took our order for 20 minutes, then only served us one drink and we never saw them again.  It took us going to get a front desk staffer to find our waiter to close out our bar tab.  We were so frustrated that we ended up asking for a refund and leaving.
5	Wow! What a blast! Great service, amazing good, and decently priced booze! So much fun for you and your friends. I can't wait for my family to visit so I can show them this gem! The manager, Cory tending to us was so accommodating and helpful! Thanks for such a great night guys. I highly recommend checking this place out, just get their early evening so you can avoid the wait!
5	Super fun golf-ish spot with drinks and decent food!!Date day for the hubs and I so we stop here for an hour to hit some golf balls.  You can choose different games & you pay for an hourly game play.The cazadores margarita was decent though I did ask for no salt... Which it did arrive with salt.  We shared the chicken nachos and 2 buffalo chicken sliders.  The food was very decent but next time I said let's order when were almost finished.  Nice friendly staff here willing to go out of their way to make a customer happy.
4	I had a great time at Top Golf - I had no idea it was a game and not just a fancy driving range. Great for an afternoon outside
5	Fun, relaxing, drinks, food, games and a gorgeous view!! Try a Bloody Mary and add your own toppings!
2	The scoring is automatic but not accurate. Didn't have much confidence in the assessment of my golf shot but it probably got it right 60% of the time. Not sure about the bar service because I didn't ask for that. Also, the ball release mechanism is a little frustrating since it requires a few waves of the club before it responds. I think 21st century technology can be better.
5	Loved this place, you know right away that it is a hit when the parking lot is full and you have to park on the street. Don't let that deter you, it just means it is worth it. Great facility, everything is state of the art. Staff was friendly and fun. Some tips: If you are gonna play I recommend to eat before you play, the bay cost is $45/hour prices differ depending when you go, with food it will slow you down and you will have a lot of waisted time. Appetizers and drinks while playing are a go however!Cons: Registering as a member took a long time, but you only have to register once. Parking. Service can be slow, but it is a huge establishment, a lot of ground to cover and extremely busy, was to be expected. Lastly, no Woods. Not a big deal, Top Golf really is not a driving range in the traditional sense. It's a target game, trying to earn points by hitting targets. It is a lot of fun and really great practice for the people who are going there just for that.
5	This place is truly amazing. It is a golf driving range with multiple games to play with friends. The whole place is a big party, yet awesome for families too. I had a flatbread pizza which was spectacular and my buddy had the steak sandwich and he loved it.If you are a serious golfer, this is for you. If you aren't, it's definitely for you. I stink and had a blast!!  I will be going back for sure!!
4	Who doesn't like TopGolf! This was my first time experiencing the place and it was absolutely amazing! We went knowing it would be packed and we might have to wait but going on a Saturday night (7ish) is probably not the best idea if you want to play. The place was super packed, cars lined down the street, and a wait of 2 hours....I was somewhat discouraged but, like I said, I was expecting this. Since we were visiting out of town we left and it actually worked out to our benefit because I got a text offer of $10 off since we weren't able to play.  We went back the next morning and the place was empty and wonderful. The game is great for anyone, even for my first timer wife and friends. We were able to do our own make shift brunch with their kitchen open and serving anything on the menu. The air was a little cool and they turned on these heaters that were amazing! You stay warm even though your outdoors! The service could have been better, hence the 4 stars. Our waiter seemed apathetic about serving and wasn't really attentive, but then again I was there for the golf!
5	The owners of these places struck it rich. This place is a gold mine. We went here for some day drinking fun and fun is exactly what we had. Two people in our group were actually golfers who go out religiously every weekend and the other two of us have never golfed (besides mini) in our lives. We all had a blast. Goodbye to the days of bowling for dates and group outings hello the new era of topgolf. You can bring your own clubs or just use theirs. No renting gross shoes or being stuck indoors. This is a great place to hang with friends, family or even go for date night. Food is good as well and drinks were on point. Staff was busy but attentive and prompt. No negative feedback from this top golfer!
5	Literally nothing is worse than trying to figure out how to entertain a group of family members who range in age from 14-60. That's why Top Golf has just made my life infinitely easier. The vibe is fun and updated with comfortable seating and several strategically placed TVs. There is a full bar to cater to the older crowd and the indoor/ outdoor atmosphere was a hit with our out-of-town guests from the Midwest. Who, obviously, want to soak up every last bit of the Arizona weather while they can.  Unfortunately, due to the sheer size of this place, service can be a bit...slow. Of course, there's the golf. The game choices take the intimidation factor out of it, but can somehow still hold the interest of the more experienced golfer. Good times had by all! Won't hesitate returning.
4	I would definitely recommend this if you have not tried it. It is pretty cheap if you split it between friends too. ( I think pricing is anywhere from $30 to $50 per hour it depends on when you come in )If your girlfriend must come along like mine always does and doesn't want to participate she will take a while to complain about wanting to leave since they do provide comfy lounge seating and alcohol. The only thing missing from that "At home feeling" for her would be whatever god awful tv series she binge watches at the moment.
1	Gameplay is fun but horribly disorganized facility.Bartenders are slow. We could have had 2 drinks before they even took our order.No reservations taken unless you pay 50 dollars to skip queue, which we only found out late. Half the bays were open yet we were made to wait 2 and a half hours, after which we left.Drinks were good, once we got them, food was decent except for the chips, which were disgusting. Like Doritos without flavoring.Music was awful.Typical Scottsdale douche baggery, except with no sense of business and lame customer service.Prices are also on the high end making the experience even worse.
5	Had an amazing experience at Top Golf. Our server Dan Shafer was the man, helped us set everything up, was spot on with the drinks and didn't rush us at all. Highly recommend for work functions.
4	Came here for a holiday party so I can't tell if this was business as usual. The staff are friendly, food was good. Gameplay is interesting but I'm not a golfer so my input is only on the experience as a whole. Very nice facility, clean too!
5	What a fun place! We had our company Christmas party at top golf and it was a blast. We were me outside at the door and directed where to go which was a bonus. We had at least 3 servers who were lightning fast bringing our food and drink orders. There was inside and outside seating for our party and heaters outside if anyone got cold. Perfect place for a party or if you are looking for a place to take a group. All in all, great time.
5	OMG! I wish we had a TopGolf here in San Diego. Please....come to San Diego!  We stopped in here while we were visiting family in Phoenix as a fun little day outing. I'm a big golfer so was a little hesitant on what this "Top Golf" was all about but it turned out to be SO MUCH FUN!If you're not familiar with Top Golf, it's like a driving range on steroids. No, on crack! First off, the facilities were gorgeous and very well organized. You are greeted right when you walk in, there is an area to the right to check in and get your clubs if you don't have any--and then you're escorted to your private section. Each station has a terminal/computer where you enter the player names and the games you wish to play.  What I loved most was how each area was under a large covered patio to protect you from the elements and each had a very comfortable seating area with tables where you can sit, relax, order appetizers, drinks and even have a full blown lunch/dinner if you wanted. While everyone was ordering cocktails, I was so grateful they had an all natural Ginger Ale. I was going to town with those babies. We had 4 people in our party and we all had different skill levels so the pre programmed games were perfect. I can't recall the names of the games we selected but random targets were given and each of us had a certain amount of balls to hit each one. The closer you got to the target, the more points you got. It was an absolute blast. I also had limitations because I'm preggo but it could not have been a more perfect outing for us. We were having so much fun, we played for hours. The table service was fantastic and they're on it. As soon as our drinks or appetizers were getting low, they replenished quickly. We thought their prices on the food were pretty reasonable too. We thought we would only be there for an hour to play one game...we ended up spending hours there. I'm sure we'll be back again during one of our annual trips out to Phoenix.
5	We held an event on 12/18/14 and had Chelsey, Bambi and Ashley h. As our servers. These girls gave us the best service ever!!!!! They exceeded our expectations we will definitely be returning for future events!
5	Freaky golfing from the third story without falling off. Definitely try it at night with the lighted holes. Private parties are fun and the food is so good you would swear they didn't actually cook it there, but they do.
1	Can I give it zero stars? Waited 90 minutes for food to come out and still waiting. Have no clue if it will be any good.
4	Never been to this one but its a cool concept.
1	Terrible service all around! We were told there would be an hour wait- but we ended up waiting two hours before leaving (after paying for mandatory lifetime memberships). They were either understaffed for had incompetent employees. During our wait, we decided to get a few drinks at the bar. We sat at the bar for several minutes before being acknowledged. After placing our order, the one bartender was very slow and forgetful.I would not waste my time going back.
2	It saddens me to leave such a harsh review but here we go!Ill start off with the good. The concept of top golf is awesome! Glowing golf driving range over drinks ... Who wouldn't want to go? Nevertheless, the staff was trained poorly. We were told it would be an hour wait (which was fine since it was a busy night). In the meantime we thought to grab a bite to eat and some drinks. We go to the bar upstairs, as directed, and were not acknowledged once by the bartender. I gave the benefit of the doubt being that it was a busy night. We go downstairs and before sitting, I ask the bartender if it's okay to order food at the bar as well. She gladly agreed. After 15 or so she comes to take our order but claims she is only taking our drinks order at this time. I politely decline as I stated originally that I'm here to order some food. She didn't seem too happy but it could've been due to the fact that the bar got busy in a matter of minutes. Now it's time for us to go to our bay. I ask the guy at concierge for clubs because I am left handed and they don't normally have left handed clubs out. He provides a smart a** comment saying "have you really been here before?" Ummm yes I have but again I'm left handed so I need some clubs suitable for me .. He didn't realize that's why I asked and seemed embarrassed after Finally it's time to golf! Our waitress upstairs was soo friendly. However they forgot to add the shots in our drink order. They brought over shots to stir in our drinks but She wasn't sure which shot had which so she  proceeded to smell the glass. A nose in a drink is not what i would prefer for a cocktail. I can't stress enough .. Top golf can be a great place for a fun night but I highly recommend more training for staff
4	I went here for a work function and will definitely be back. Warning to the serious golfers out there, this place may not be for you :). It's a fun atmosphere whether you're going on a date or family adventure. The food is great. The only downside is parking can be difficult given how busy they are even on workdays!
4	The golf and venue for entertainment is absolutely 5 stars! Great concept and fun to hit balls for any level of player. The food is typical bar food and not the greatest which is the only reason I dropped them down to a 4 star.I'll definitely be a regular here and do some events for my company here as well.
4	fun place to go. prices could be better after 5pm. good for business meetings.
2	This was my first visit to Top Golf, and I brought two family members visiting for the holidays.  The overall concept is quite fun - as an activity alone, we would rate this 5 stars - it is REALLY fun and something you can imagine yourself doing over and over as a social event.  Why two stars, you ask?There are major issues with this place that test your patience.  First off, when you walk in, its total pandemonium (we came here at 3pm on Friday).  There are two line queue's but no signage or help as to what the lines are for, or where to even stand in line.  As it turns out, the first line is the "membership line" - everyone needs a $5 membership.  The second line, is to "check in" - by which they scan your new membership card and ask whether you want a bay on a specific floor.  Both of those tasks sound SO easy - and they should be - yet we still waited in line for about 40 minutes to accomplish these two tasks.  The entire time, we and everyone else in line are talking about how inefficient this place is and you would think the managers would see this once, and rearrange things to make it easier.  After all, we really wanted a beer - we could have been through two rounds at the bar in the same amount of  time we spent waiting around to check in.  After all that, we still went to the bar and had two rounds while we waited.  Good selection of beer, bartenders were fast to see that we wanted booze and wasted no time in getting it.  Then, we get our text message - our bay is ready, requiring us to go muscle into the line and tell the check in staff we are ready (which then irritates everyone in line because you are obviously butting in), but thats the way they like it here I guess.  We head to our bay with a "bay concierge" that gives us the down low on the mechanics of play.  Its not the most intuitive thing in the world, but it works.  We start hitting balls and our waiter shows up.  He literally walks us through the entire menu, page by page, explaining burgers, and appetizers, and frozen margaritas like we had never been to a pub before and didn't know what a "slider" was.  (Mind you, you pay by the hour at this place, so someone taking your time is quite annoying).  We order a bucket of beer and chips and guac, and shoo him off and get back to our golf.  Beers arrive, chips arrive - and our waiter arrives..... and stays.... and gets all chatty about football and where my family is from, and his Grandma in Colorado, and what it was like working after Christmas, and all sorts of topics that none of us care to talk about.  ugh, leave us alone - we are here for golf and beer, not a new pal.When the chips came out, one in my party leaned over to the server and said, "do you know one thing thats missing in this place?"  The server leaned in all interested.... "napkins - there are no napkins on the table".  Our server launched into a story about why there are no napkins - another server spilled a huge tray of soda into a bussing cart and that knocked over someones golf bag, and on and on and on..... and no napkins.  He stopped talking and stared at us - and we asked him, "could we have napkins?" - and there was this 'oh yeah' moment - he was oblivious at times.So, we shoo waiter off to get another bucket of beer and a refill of chips, and he comes back with the beer, and no chips (and again, all chatty - does this guy have other tables?).  The refill of chips took about 20 minutes.  We came at an odd time, and we were expected home for dinner, but the burgers and sandwiches on other tables looked very good.The kicker though, was that near the end of our session, our new buddy server out of the blue told us that the day after Christmas, there was a five hour wait, and they ran out of food, and booze, and kegs, etc.  He told us that they were going to get a lot of negative reviews for that on an email service card that is sent to you the next day after playing.  He asked us if we wouldn't mind marking everything 5 stars because they really needed the good marks, and he would buy us desert if we said yes.  OK, this is the business guy in me coming out now, but the whole reason for getting feedback from your customers is to IMPROVE and figure out where you are failing.  The fact that you have a 40 minute check in process, or that you ran out of beer one night, or that there are no napkins on the table, or that there seems to be tons of staff walking around but not helping the bottlenecks - these are ALL issues that management needs to be aware of - but instead, they try to bribe you so that you will rate them the way they want to be rated.  If I owned this place, I would be PISSED off.   Again, its a really fun concept, but it will try on your nerves big time.
4	Always a great time here. Drinks and food are great. Service is just a little lacking, took way too long just for an appetizer. All together great place & good fun.
5	This was my first time here and man did it blow my mind.  You can drink, eat, and play golf in your own little area. Super great spot for a date and the crowd is cool too. Across the street is the Talking Stick Resort if you get too wasted or just want to gamble after.
5	Been to the Scottsdale Topgolf twice - once with the guys, once with a big group of family in town over Thanksgiving holiday - and had a total blast each time! What a brilliant concept - turning a driving range into a full entertainment, food and drinks venue.It's a little pricey, but not terribly. First time I went was on a Thursday night and the place was totally packed. There are 3 levels of bays and the top (3rd) always seems to be occupied by a large corporate group - which this place is ideal for. We waited awhile, had some drinks & food, then got a bay on level 2 (the higher up you are, the better).Golfers or non-golfers will both have fun as they've created scoring games with multiple targets, and many levels of them. Bring your own clubs or use the house clubs, it's your preference. Even if you've never picked up a club, you'll have a ton of fun at this place.
