5	BIG news for East Valley Thai Lovers! The daughter the famed Thai Basil (Phoenix location) proprietor is all grown up and has opened up her own shop. Let me tell you, the apple does not fall far from the tree - she is on a solid path to out-do her Dad's culinary greatness in no time. Besides that, Thai Patio is an overdue and  sure to be welcomed surprise to Thai deprived north east Mesa dwellers. I went in for lunch with a group of co-workers today and each of us fell instantly in love. The amazing smells that greet you when you walk through the door are enough to make you want to come back, but the food itself is just epic. One member of our group (I won't name names) actually could not resist finger licking the remaining green curry remnants off his plate. Thai Patio is just that good. Can't wait for the work week to come around again so I can go back and try another of their super yum (and super affordable - $6.95) lunch specials! Yay!
4	The best Thai I've had on this side of town. The service was not the best, but the food makes up for it. The owner is the daughter of Thai Basil in Tempe and you can tell. The food tastes great and the prices are great too.
4	Great food.  Drunken noodles and curry is excellent.  Fried rice was good, but seemed average compared to how good the other stuff is.  Prices are fair.  The quality almost makes the order counter seem out of place.  On food alone, I would have thought it should be more of a traditional restaurant setting.Can't wait to go back again!
4	Thai Patio has great food at reasonable prices. I am no Thai expert, but everything I have ordered .at Thai Patio has been delicious. I have had the Tom Yum (hot and spicy) soup, the #27 (sorry cant pronounce of spell it ) is amazing and the Pad Thai is very good. Prices are fixed @$6.95 for lunch for main course, small egg roll, salad and a drink! Dinner has fixed prices as well (seafood is a little extra) @ $8.95 per entree.Service is very good and the food is always made fresh and is piping hot!
5	Super yummy!  You will not be disappointed.  I've had both the Pad Thai and the Panang Curry with Shrimp.  I have been craving it since!Prices are reasonable and the staff was friendly and attentive.
5	Thai Patio is excellent!  I often order the Pad Gra Pow (lunch special #6) and it is always delicious.  You can decide how spicy you want your dish to be, from mild all the way up to Extra Spicy!  For $6.95, you get a delicious Thai dish + Soup or salad + an egg roll.  What a deal!  The drunken noodles are also a favorite.Try this place, you will be happy you did.
5	I stopped in at Thai Patio last night to give it a try. I had a coupon for a free appetizer, so we ended up with an appetizer, two entrees, and dessert (the ice cream over sticky rice). Everything was excellent! Very good and the service was attentive. I really liked the cute decor of the restaurant, although the tables are a little close together for my liking. I will definitely be back!
5	I've eaten quite a few meals at Thai Patio.  I've tried probably 2/3 of all the items on their menu and I usually try their weekly specials, too.Everything I've had there is excellent.This is the best Thai food in north east Mesa as of Sept 2011.
1	Waited over 45 minutes for carry-out I was told would take 15 minutes. They never offered a cup of water, free dessert, discount on my next visit, NOTHING for the extreme delay. They were not busy, just very inexperienced and disorganized.Pad Thai was over cooked and very greasy, no flavor at all. Plus the lid on my carry-out box had a huge hole in it so dinner was cold when I got it home.They need a manager and some customer service training.
4	The waitstaff is really friendly and accommodating. The restaurant itself had a nice, casual atmosphere. And the food is good and they have tofu and vegetable options for every single dish, so it's easy if you're a vegetarian. Also, the prices are reasonable and the service is pretty quick. We'll definitely be back.
5	Simply an excellent and pleasant wait staff that gets to serve the best Thai food in the area. We did pad Thai, green curry, and sweet and sour. All exceptional. Here, people, is a bonafide chef who knows ingredients and how to use them. Coconut ice cream for dessert. This is made in the restaurant by the chef. It is real ice cream that increases in flavor as you eat it. A wonderful dining experience.
3	I just moved here from South Bay area in Los Angeles, where Thai food is abundant.  Having just moved here, I yelped 'Thai restaurants' and to my surprise, a list of about 20 listings popped up, all within a 10 mile radius.  In a quick summary., Unlike a popular LA trend of Sake being served at almost every Thai place, Thai Patio does not serve any alcohol beverages, much to our dismay.  Between 3 people, we ordered 5 dishes simply because we wanted to try everything!  The boys love spicy, and they were eager for some heat. 'Thai spicy' which is their spiciest level, is what we ordered on a couple dishes.  In my case, I don't handle heat very well so I was very worried it would be too hot, but I was able to have a try of each dish noticing  very little heat.  So, the heat factor is slim to none.  On the other hand, the garlic king dish with beef was amazing, tender and very well marinated with a full flavor of garlic in every bite. The Thai style bbq chicken was only served cutlet style, which is a thumbs down, bone-in is way better in my opinion.   The Thai Iced Tea was delicious just I suspected, only desire was to have free refills.I would love to try this place a few more times, maybe next time with someone in to more mild Thai dishes like myself.
4	Someone wrote an article about this place which captures my opinion exactly, "Now you don't have to drive for 30 minutes to get good Thai food in NE Mesa."I ordered drunken noodles, pad Thai, and Thai BBQ Chicken with fried rice...  All 3 were excellent and we ate them family style...I have had Thai food all over the world, and though this place is not the greatest I have ever had, the fact that it's right around the corner gives it a huge bump.Plus my son who is an incredibly picky eater LOVED it...  (=
5	Yummmmmmmmmmmmmm!! Love Thai Patio! We order at least once a week for take out! The Pad Thai is amazeballs!! My husband swears by the yellow curry! Go try it, you won't be disappointed!!
3	Went here with my wife the other night, after seeing it many times, because of the gym behind them, and thought it was an okie place. The food was good, not the best, and the service was not up to the par, one of the servers did not know much about the menu, and while we ate the girls sat infront of us and watched. very unconfortable feeling, overall, its good, but not the best.
5	Munch munch munch! So good!  It is very exciting to have a good Thai restaurant in NE Mesa!  Their Tom Yum is delicious, I love the delicate broth and button mushrooms.  I order my dishes Thai hot, and while it isn't mouth searing like some other places, it is still spicy.  The beef salad was a surprise winner.  The beef was tender and succulent, and the lime dressing was out of this world!  Skip the crab puffs though...very little filling-to-wrapper ratio.
5	My friend and I stopped by this restaurant last month after eating at the restaurant next door several times and wondering about this place. We've know been there twice and it is my new favorite Thai restaurant.The place is cozy and have unique salt and pepper shakers on each table which is a nice touch. The service has always been prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable. Our first time at the restaurant, we both had Pad Thai with fried tofu from the lunch menu. It came with salad with the most incredible peanut dressing. I literally could have just eaten the salad and been happy! Yum!! The meal also comes with a spring roll... all for $6.95! The Pad Thai was very good and it was some of the best Tofu I've had, but the portions were so generous that I only managed to eat half of my food. Not complaining! This is great. The second visit, I selected the Mango Basil with chicken lunch special. I also ordered the house specialty drink, Thai Tea. Both were fabulous!! I never would have guessed that mango and basil went together, but it was amazing. I forget what my friend selected the second time around, but she also enjoyed her meal.I've never been to Thai Patio for dinner, but you simply can't beat their lunch menu and pricing. If you like Thai food and live in the East Valley, try this place out. I can't wait to go again! Just writing this review is making me crave it.
5	Great food. The green curry is the best I've ever tasted!
2	After reading the reviews I was so excited to try this place. We ordered the basil chicken, the mango chicken, the orange chicken and teriyaki chicken. We were not impressed with any of it. The chicken tasted watered down with no flavor. The orange and teriyaki were ok nothing amazing though. After spending 42 dollars for an ok meal. I'm not returning here anytime soon.
4	great restaurant.  lunch special well worth the price and food is fresh and tasty.  This review will probably be filtered though as this restaurant didnt pay their advertising money to yelp.
5	I have been to Thai Patio half a dozen times now.  I am always pleased with the food.  I like food extremely hot and they were happy to add additional spice beyond what people usually order for me the last couple of times.  Also I enjoy the many healthy choices available on the menu.The service is always great.  Everyone is always extremely friendly and right on top of things.  I could ask for nothing more.
4	Had to lay off for a while, I was recognized by phone number I ordered takeout so frequently... Even the occasionally burnt food or forgotten order is forgiven.
4	NE Mesa residents- this is the best Thai restaurant in the area.  FYI....they do not serve alcohol. Please note ....we only do carry out.  They have been consistent with their curries 40 & 41..so delicious.  We love #43, Pad Thai, Cashew Nut, Heaven ginger & spicy basil.  We only order to go....expect a 15-20 min wait.  The food is delicious....the staff is courtesy.  It's a must try for lovers of Thai food. Don't let this one slip away.
4	I am from the northwest which has a ton of asian cuisine. I tried this place since I have been craving thai since I moved down. I really enjoyed my meal. The menu is expansive and impressive for Thai cuisine and their sauces are delicious. The best part is that the lunch menu is very affordable. I will be returning.
5	Great food service!
1	I live in San Diego and was visiting my daughter in Arizona.  After reading reviews of Thai Patio we decided to give it a try.  It's a cute little place but the food is just alright.  I definitely won't be going back.  Portions are small and not very tastey.
4	A friend referred me to this place. Really liked the food, service could improve a bit... Waiting for just a water or a soda should not take more than five minutes when it is slow, and please write down my order, don't pretend you'll remember it all...*sigh* Anyhow, grumpiness aside- When they tell you the food will be HOT, don't expect it to be mild. This has real thai spiciness all around. Great use of curry and sweet chili sauces. The use of sweet & spicy is my favorite combination. Mango with a spicy sauce. Interesting twist. Spring rolls were hot and fresh. Wonton was good. I really like this place, just want better service next time.
3	The food lacks a bit of flavor and the portion sizes are horribly small for the price.  I tried the teriyaki the first time I visited, it was not good at all, I do not suggest ordering this.  I knew teriyaki would be a risk at a thai place but coming from Washington we have some awesome teriyaki and I was craving it.  Today I ordered the Thai Patio Broccoli, it's pretty good just doesn't have a whole lot of flavor and as stated the portion is really bad for $8.95.  I would probably not go back to this restaurant.  There has to be better thai food in Arizona where you get more then a tiny bowl.
5	My roomie & I love this place. I.had the Red River Garlic and she had King of Garlic. Both were fresh, garlicky and delish! I also had the crab wonton which I highly recommend. A sweet iced coffee for desert and I am one happy hiker!
4	Good stuff!  Had exceptional service!  I live in the area and had never tried it.  I love Thai so figured why not.  I typically go to Yuphas in Tempe, which I LOVE - but this place is really good too.  It is a little pricey compared to other Thai places, but I will be returning.
4	Great food! Great prices! and nice and clean. My parents normally stay away from Thai food and other food deemed exotic but I have sold them on this place. They have a great lunch menu with around 15 options and they're all $7.00! What would bump it up to five for me is if their servers were Thai. I've asked two who appear to be East Asian but they're not Thai. I've spent the last few years learning the language and love having the chance to practice it.
1	So I decided to venture out around my neighborhood and found this place. Here is my review: Upon entry I knew this would be an odd experience. It looked more like a smoothie place versus a Thai food restaurant. Other than not having proper Thai spices (think fish oil, chilies, etc..) the pad Thai was sub-par at best! My boy got the sweet and sour chicken and was not to happy with the familiar taste of mediocre food! This was a huge disappointment. The Thai Ice Coffee wasn't too good either. And to think about it, the Thai iced tea kinda sucked as well. Over all this was a fake Thai food joint. I will NEVER return to this establishment.
5	Panang Shrimp was amazing. Portion size was good too.
5	Been eating here since it opened and never been disappointed. I suppose it may be a little pricey for the portions, but the portions are a perfect size - enough to make you satisfied but not so much that it goes to waste. I always get the Pad Thai, it's a little sweeter than what I find elsewhere but it's always very good. And the Thai Iced Coffee is a great way to get your midday caffeine fix. I'm glad to see this place is still around and that so many people love it as I do.
5	Hadn't been to Thai Patio in a few months so we gave it one more shot to fix painfully slow service. In past visits (5-6) we have waited 20-35 minutes for our meal. Today, with four full tables and 3 to-go orders, it took only 9 minutes - WIN!We ordered the Larb, Chicken Wings, Beef Pad Thai and Chicken Yellow Curry. Due to allergies, we ordered all if them without onions and the only negative effect was the Larb. They compensated with extra basil/mint and cilantro. Wow it was, um, pungent. Everything else was spot on. Good Thai food and fast service. That's what we wanted!  Thanks for listening Thai Patio.Now, if they would only get a website so we could order ahead online.
5	Excellent food!!!Fresh spring rolls made in house with a nice warm satay.Pad thai.... amazing.Noodle soup... lots of flavors.Teriyaki chicken. .. chicken moist.. not over sauced and char marks on chicken were perfect. Fluffy rice to add. My kids have just rated it number 1.... no more fast food... yeah!
4	I always get the pad thai beef  and the last time I was there the beef was chewy, I have eaten there about 7 times since moving here and that was the first time I was disappointed with my meal. I will go back I really enjoy the lunch there.
5	This place has seriously great food. Very fresh, good portions, and fairly good prices. We have come here quite often and the service is always good, the food is always fast, and it's tasty. We have tried all the different curries, as well as the pad thai and it is very good and has a great kick because it's very spicy. The thai iced tea is also really great, probably the best I've had. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	Excellent place!! I used to come here all the time wen I lived nearby. I live pretty far fromThis place now but still make the drive to done here. Love the food!
3	Decent Thai food.  Prices are a little on the high side for medium sized servings.  Still pretty good though.
4	Came here for the first time tonight and the food is wonderful! The you do lady at the counter was super helpful and happy to explain all the I signature dishes to me. I know it can be hard to judge a place off one visit so I will certainly be returning, but at this point I have a good feeling this is going to be a new favorite place! I ordered the Thai ice tea and Pad See Ew (hot)
5	My favorite Thai spot. Not as spicy as other places but that's just fine by me. Their service is phenomenal. One time they were serving cake "just because" and gave me a slice with my pick-up order. Little touches like that make me love them. Their food is fresh and flavorful and the noodles are never soggy on my pad see ew. I just wish they served coconut rice and then it would be perfect!!! (I've asked them a couple times, too!)
4	This place is great!  I love yellow curry and is my go-to for Thai places.  They do not disappoint.
5	The lunch specials are a great deal. My favorite is the orange chicken. :)
4	Finally decided to try it for lunch. Two of us had orange chicken and the other one had something else (sorry, can't remember) We ordered edamame (very good, but took a long time to get) Once our meals arrived, we were in heaven. The small salad they serve before the entrees was delicious. Just mixed greens and dressing, but the dressing was fantastic! My daughter didn't want hers, so I ate hers as well! (It's small people!!) I ordered my orange chicken spicy, which means they just added more crushed red peppers to it. The other one in our group at first didn't think his was spicy enough, but ended up finally feeling the heat. Deducted a star because the food took a long time- if I had been on a lunch hour I would have been stressed out. Also,I find the $7.95 price a little higher than most chinese/asian/Thai,  ect places for lunch specials with the same amount of food.  However, the staff is very friendly and the food is really good! Next time I am going to try a curry chicken dish- so of course I will be back!
4	This place is fantastic! We usually get take-out and they run just a few minutes behind on a busy Friday or Saturday night but it is well worth the wait. Drunken noodles are my favorite and if you get them Thai hot, be prepared to do some sniffling. They mean HOT!! Great service the couple of times I've eaten there for lunch. I only wish they had a beer menu for dine-in because it would go great with their already delicious menu!
5	Lunch orders are 8.00 not 7.00. Food is good... really good. I will definitely be back.
1	Garlic King and Pot Stickers $20. Very expensive for what I received.  Food was cold, once heated up, the taste was OK.   There are much better Asian food in the area for a better price. I would not recommend this place.
3	Good food, with lot's of vegetables. They are very good about making custom orders too. For the most part the staff has been great, with the exception of one guy that worked there being kind of rude. Worlds better than Panda across the street, and similar prices especially for the lunch specials. Not the best, but far from the worst. They are quick to serve the order, but from watching the open kitchen at the bar, which I like seeing, it is easy to see that main dishes are usually made when ordered. Good corner spot to compete with Panda
5	Awesome! I absolutely love the curry catfish dish so much that I find it difficult to venture further into the menu, but if it's anything like the catfish, its sure to be a hit.
4	I'm hooked on the Drunken Noodles! Ordered them with chicken this time, and some Red Curry with shrimp. The BBQ chicken is always a hit, so I got that too. For a casual place they're quick with service and make the effort to treat their customers right.
5	I've tried literally EVERYTHING on the menu except for a few of the special dishes. This is without question THE BEST Thai restaurant I have EVER eaten at. And trust me, I've been to several. The cooks are very accommodating. You can choose to have chicken, beef, pork, fish, squid, soft or fried tofu, or veggies in practically very dish, which has been a great adventure for me! You also have your choice between mild, medium, hot, or extra/Thai hot (which is my favorite).  I've talked with the owners extensively, and they bring fresh ingredients from the market every day! My favorite dishes there are the curries. They are indescribably delicious. Especially the yellow and panang curries. Okay, and the red and green and mussaman. Their noodle dishes are great, too! The pad Thai is by far the best I've had compared to any other restaurant. They make the sauce from scratch! Other noodle dishes that I love are the drunken noodle (it's a little spicy), the Rad Nah, and their out-of-this-world chow mein (seriously, it puts all other chow mein to chow SHAME!). The rice dishes are amazing! They're really kid friendly too! Pineapple fried rice is sweet and you can add a kick to it too if you'd like. The crab fried rice is also to die for!Other dishes that I heavily endorse are the spicy basil, the cashew nut, the spicy eggplant, the pepper steak, and the pad woon sen. Also, their orange chicken is made crispy. I prefer it that way. The only dish that hasn't blown my socks off is the heaven ginger. If you REALLY love ginger, then you'll love it. As a side note, the restaurant is meticulously clean (especially the bathrooms) and the patio has misters. I love the plants they have growing inside and out. WAIT! I forgot to mention that the sweet sticky rice dishes are SO GOOD. They make a great denouement to any meal!Amen.
5	Oh my freakin goodness.We just tried Thai Patio for the first time and couldn't be more satisfied. We got the orange chicken (as per Yelp! Review recommendations) and I had the Panang Curry, and it was oh so delicious.This will not be the last time you see us, Thai Patio. Planning our next dinner there already! :)
3	This restaurant is a solid choice for Thai. I really enjoy their fried roti and curry appetizer. Many times that is my main dish!
5	Good food, quick service. Nice clean interior. Had lunch and prices were decent. Will be back again
4	Good Thai food. To go orders are ready very fast. Iced Thai Tea is delicious.  Every time I drive by, I have to convince myself not to make a turn into their parking lot.  I would be broke if it were up to my taste buds!
1	Very disappointed. We ordered take out. The spring rolls where hardly anything special and 6 dollars for 2! It was iceberg lettuce, carrots and unflavored chicken. The portions were small, We paid probably 55 dollars and barely  had enough to feed 4 people. The pad Thai noodles were pretty good. But the beef jerky size was tiny, our rice was a hard as a brick it was inedible.! Not sure if take out it just not the way to go. Sorry won't be going back.. It was a bad experience especially since we had a friend over and we were trying to portion the curry chicken, beef, inedible rice brick...
5	Great place to eat Thai food in this area. My wife and I are regular customers there and we have never been disappointed. Some times the Hotness levels are a bit off (food is a bit more spicy than what you asked for), but overall is a great place to eat.
5	Love this place. Great food. Perfect portions. Clean environment. Fresh food. Really nice folks, as well. Mango Delight is the perfect lunch!
