4	Full disclaimer:  I know the owner, Randy Garcia, so I want you to know that if I hadn't enjoyed the food, I would just not talk about it. Who wants to refer someone to a place that's bad? Not me.A group of nine of us (all girls) went last night and it's easy to order (order at counter, self serve your drinks and sit while they prepare your food to order). I had this amazing Fried Rice dish with chicken. Savory, fresh and full of flavor. I also got the appetizer with fries and chozio that comes with three dipping sauces. I think almost everything on the menu was ordered by someone at our table and we shared our food with each other as we caught up on our lives. They have delivery and take-out is quick and easy, as is the parking right across the street. It's also one of those places that you can grab a quick bite to eat while your by yourself without feeling odd about dining alone. And speak of dining, the dining area is a little small, but there's a heated seating area that looked to be quite large and they welcome pets there.I should have grabbed a menu so that I could be more intelligent about describing what we ordered, but you'll just have to take my word for it. This place is that good!
2	The sandwiches are a rip-off.  Hardly any meat but lots of bread. The chicken is a much better deal if you want to pay close to $15 bucks for a half chicken and drink. I'm glad I went, I won't be going back.
5	I've had the pleasure of eating here on opening day and many more thereafter , what a wise decision. I am a chicken aficionado and very particular in seasonings along with the tenderness and  juiciness of the chicken, this place has one of the best rotisserie chickens I've eaten hands-down. The sides are just as comparable from the cilantro rice with the perfect balance of fresh cilantro to spices , the quinoa avocado with the perfect balance of olive oil and lemon juice just enhance the avocados flavor to a level I've never tasted before. If you haven't been your missing on charlottes new best kept secret ... The place is stellar inside, comfortable with a modern vibe,.I have a feeling Chipolte should watch out for whats yet to come. From a very pleased Local welcome to the Neighborhood.
5	I am big on eating healthy and this place not only feels super healty it's tasty too, I had a vegetarian sandwich called the "Naked Peruvian" it was very good, I had their sweet potato fries they were amazing, the rest of my family had the chicken and they all loved it, the cilantro rice tasted really good as well, as we sat there we overheard two other tables talking about how great the chicken was and how it was better than some other place (never heard of the other place) I will definitely be back, it was very family friendly as well.
4	4.5 stars... My little family dined at Viva Chicken last evening on the recommendation of a coworker; I'm so happy we did. I just looked up the reviews while enjoying the leftovers, and was surprised to see so few reviews so far (though I know they just opened recently). We had a great experience, the people at the counter happily answered questions about the menu and were very accommodating (they're still working on a kids' menu). My husband tried the 1/4 chicken with fries and beans, and I tried the Arroz Chaufa, both of which were delicious - great flavors! We thought the prices were very reasonable and serving sizes generous (enough for a full lunch for me today, still yummy). It took a little while for our food to come out (not compared to a sit down restaurant, but perhaps for a counter-style place), but we were still very pleased with the friendly service throughout our meal (stopped by a few times to check in to see if we needed anything and to clear items from our table). Easy (and free) parking in the lot across the street. We'll be back...
5	I'm a long-time lover of Peruvian cuisine and anything that even hints at having plantains, yucca, rotisserie/grilled chicken, and South American pastries....or anything with "Dulce de Leche" in the name. I'm a sucker, I know, but Viva exudes all of the aspects of a staple in town for a quick-service resto. It was pretty astonishing to learn that this joint is totally Charlotte-based. There are so many things that gave this experience 5 out of 5 for me. Service: Holy cow. The woman at the register was super helpful. She gave me some background on everything I had questions about. I'm a firm believer that the more questions you ask, the more likely you are to find out what you'll end up loving. The gentleman working the line was equally helpful. He gave us some background on the housemade drinks, Inca Kola (tastes exactly like bubblegum, by the way), other processes, Peruvian cuisine, and the back story. They give you a number if you dine in and bring your order to your table. They were even so kind to spell everything out, give some info on flavors of the different Aji (sauces), and came back to ask how everything was. Top notch service indeed. The flavors. Oh, my. First, The Great. This is the staple chicken sandwich under this roof and it's a force of culinary nature. It all starts in the "Green Oven" they have straight from Peru. It's a rotisserie/grill hybrid that gives the chicken immaculate flavor. Imagine pulled, tender, juicy chicken with charred flavor and absolutely no compromise in texture/chew. I was astounded. It is served on ciabatta with red onion, tomatoes, and a spread of some sauce. Add avocado and provalone. You won't be sorry you did. The yucca and plantains were top notch. Dunked heavily in the Aji Amarillo and the green Aji sauce. I'd eat these with every meal. We also ordered the avocado stuffed with quinoa. Sounds odd, looks odd, tastes AMAZING. Balsamic is a nice touch. Don't be scared. Just try it if it's your style. The alfajores, shortbread cookies with dulce de leche, are incredible. Coated in powdered sugar and only beckon a tall glass of milk. Buy them in two or four packs. They make these suckers in-house, too. Inca Kola. Loved it, so interesting, can't wait to have it again. Ever wondered what a liquid version of Bazooka bubblegum would taste like? Here ya go. Prices vary on dishes. Some of the entrees are a little more pricey (as expected) and the sandwiches, sides, and apps are a bit more modest in price. Definitely a little more pricey than some, but you can get out the door with a meal under your belt for between $10-$15 no problem.The whole experience was awesome. I loved all of the background on the concept, preparation, kitchen, etc. Such a nice dinner and I'm already planning a menu for my next visit. That chicken is just too damn good to not be in my life. Viva...Viva Chicken indeed!
5	Second trip. Oh my god. This Saltado is so good I want to eat my mouth.
4	I am a Peruvian fan, and was very excited to see a new one open up, close to me. I am a Pio Pio fan, but what a treat Viva Chicken was. The service, extraordinary. At the counter, the server greeted me w/ a smile, asked if it was 1st visit.  Indeed it was and she was great, explaining everything and making recommendations based on what I liked. I received my number and was served w/in a few minutes. The waitress explained the sauces that accompanied my chicken and pointed out which went best w/ each dish. The rice and beans were amazing! A great new edition to the city, I will be back!
4	It was our first visit and we got decent service at the ordering station. I know some of  the other reviews rave about the friendliness, maybe our guys had a loooong day. Anyway, the decor is clean with warm dark colors.  The food arrived quickly. We also liked how you can see the cooks prepare. The beans looked like Northern beans, which was fine and tasted good. Not sure if they offer black beans, which we love. The cilantro rice is yummy with the added greens peas and carrots.  The chicken was moist, tender, and flavorful. My only problem was mine was red in some spots, which they quickly fixed. That happens in any place where they rotisserie the chicken. Plaintains were cooked perfectly. The prices were reasonable and moderate. We will be back for more.
5	Maybe one of my fave Peruvian restaurants that I have been to in the states. The chicken = perfect. Yucca, plantains and alforajes, all were amazing. The staff was friendly and the food came out fast. I was there at lunch. We were in and out in 50 minutes. Also, the prices were consistent with lunch prices in this area.
5	Peruvian makes a Great pre-movie meal for the North Carolina Opening night of "STOKER" !  Korean Director Park Chan Wook's First American-made Movie!  My Friend (you know what I mean) is From Ecuador and he said this Beef Dish reminded him of Home! Pork Sandwich yum Yum YUM!!!  Fantastic!Sweet Plantains were as good as they are like a Dessert or Appetizer or Side or, orBeef with Vegetables on top of Fries and Rice, Very GoodAvocado Topped with Chicken, stuffed with some kind of purple Grain I had never heard ofService was Very FastOutdoor Patio was perfect for early Friday evening
4	The quinoa-stuffed avocado with chicken was so good my husband and I came back 3 days later to try the rotisserie chicken... which was slightly disappointing. They serve it in these cool metal trays, which are great for looking at but not great for cutting into your food (with bendy plastic silverware). My chicken was a tad dry, but I liked the side of beans and the fried plantains (how could you not like fried plantains?) - but my husband liked his chicken and didn't think it was dry. I think I have high standards since I love Pio Pio so much, though.Service is nice, friendly and helpful and they will come around and re-fill your drink for you, which is nice.So, I'll definitely think we'll be back, but I'll stick to the quinoa-stuffed avocado. Overall, a great, healthy addition to the neighborhood.
4	We ate lunch here the other day, and really liked the food.  Everything was very tasty, and the only suggestion would be to cook the chicken and fried yucca a little more.  Other than that, we will def. be back to try the saltado and other dishes.  Great addition to the neighborhood!
4	YUMMO! Chicken is wonderful and the sides are awesome. Good size portions, too. Seating is tight, especially around lunch time on a weekday. I really enjoy eating here and hope it becomes a neighborhood favorite.
4	Very good food. The rotisserie chicken is juicy and comes in the perfect portion.... And an economical alternative to pio pio. The sides are great. Sweet plantains, yucca, and cilantro rice are my faves. The pork sandwich is also dynamite. Parking has never been an issue for me.
5	There was a lot of buzz about this place that recently opened and now I understand why.  I had the quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken & it was DELICIOUS!!!  Listed as an appetizer but definitely will fill you up as a meal.  My Husband got The Great sandwich and loved it just the same.  Fresh, unique tastes and excellent service!!!  5 stars all the way!
5	Fresh herbs, GREAT chicken, amazing juice (passion fruit and others), plantains...this place is the BOMB!!! I've found the best rotisserie chicken in the QC. It's everything. Juicy, the flavor is like "WOW". It's just perfect. You can tell a lot of love and care goes into the products here at Viva. they have a lunch special that's 1/4 chicken, fries, salad, and a drink for $5.95 (2-4pm). Can't beat that with a stick! Make sure you get your "loyalty" card when you go. Work your way up to a freebie ;)
4	Don't let the name of the restaurant steer you away if you're a vegetarian. They offer Quinoa Stuffed Avocado that is very tasty and filling. It's under their appetizers but I consider it a meal, maybe even for two. They top it with some kind of chili mayo dressing which really doesn't need it, so I suggest ask for it on the side or if you're not in the mood for those extra calories and fat. Their yuca is one of the best I've had, perfectly fried, not soggy or stale. Their plantains aren't greasy like others so it's a good treat.
5	Viva Chicken is totally one of my favorite places in Charlotte. I love everything about them. Their food is amazing. They have super friendly service a Amazing food + friendly service + awesome value = 5 stars! I'm a pollo a la brasa junkie... Something about the seasoning and slow roasting just makes that chicken irresistible. Add the Huacatay & Roasted Rocoto Sauce and I'm in heaven! The quarter chicken plate ($7.95, $5.95 for lunch!) is more than enough food for me. I love the sweet potato fries and salad. The feta cheese and sweet/tangy dressing make the salad. I would highly recommend trying the purple corn punch and the passion fruit punch. Both are delicious! They also serve beer & wine. Parking is free and plentiful across the street. I can't wait to explore more of their menu!
5	Super clean & healthy. Great lunch spot. Although this is an order at the counter type of place where you pick up your order and seat yourself... the staff was super friendly and will ask you if you need anything at your table.
4	Im a fan of peruvian food (must be bc its the best food in the whole world, and bc im peruvian haha) I was so excited to go to Viva chicken since its closer to uptown and I dont have to drive all the way to pineville. It did not dissapoint me at all. The chicken is great and my ultra favorite yuccas still taste amazing. I loved the avocados with quinoa (you have to try it) and the alfajores are to die for :)Overall the place is great, not too big and a sort of deli look. I wish they did make more entrees but I guess they wanted to keep it simple and classy. Great job :)
4	Viva is my new go-to roasted chicken place.  I have ordered their chicken there and also gotten it to go.  Not only is the chicken moist and flavorful, they have some great sauces to go with it.  I've had both their mild and medium, and they were both pretty fabulous (that medium packs quite a heat!).  All in all, it is rather reasonably priced.  If you dine in, you can get a quarter quicken and two sides for around $8.  Last time I got a whole chicken and three sides for $18.95.   My partner and I had plenty of leftovers the next day.As far as the sides go, I've had their beans, yucca, and plantains.  My partner really enjoyed the beans and I thought they had a good flavor.  They have just a touch of sweetness to them.  Their yucca is seriously the best I've ever had.  They texture is much lighter than other ones I've had, so it did not taste too starchy.  Finally, their plantains have a great level of sweetness to them.If you dine in, you can also order their sangria.  It was quite different than others I've had, but still very good.  I could swear I tasted a little tequila in it.  Oh crap...now I'm hungry for their chicken!  Viva "Viva Chicken"!
4	Dear Chipotle,It's not you; it's me. I met someone else. And, despite my initial fears, Viva Chicken has become the love of my life.I thought that a place with "Chicken" in the name would have paltry fare for a vegetarian like me. Boy was I wrong. I've had the amazing Quinoa Stuffed Avocado that is surprisingly filling and flavorful. I don't regret trying it, but it didn't send me down this path.My heart belongs to the Tacu Bowl. Now, Chipotle, I know you're trying really hard, but your vegetarian burrito bowl doesn't hold a candle to the Tacu Bowl at Viva Chicken. And that's why I'm calling it off.The Tacu Bowl has perfectly executed rice, flavorful beans, a generous smattering of cilantro, and some amazing onion/tomato mixture to top it off that leaves my mouth watering more after every bite. Add a little of the Huacatay Sauce and there's almost nothing better in the world.Speaking of reasons why my affections have shifted...the fried yucca. Oh so amazing. And I've eaten my share of uninspiring fried yucca. This yucca makes all my dreams come true. Dipped in the Aji Amarillo Sauce and Huacatay Sauce, it changed my life and expectations of food.I know it's not fair to compare you two, and I hate to tell you in this way...but I'm moving in with Viva Chicken. Tomorrow.We can still be friends, right?
4	Viva Chicken is a great place to stop if you are looking for a meal that leaves you full but not full of regret. The chicken has such great flavor and their sauces (my favorite is obviously the hot) add another interesting layer to it. I got the 1/4 chicken which comes with 2 sauces and 2 sides. The beans were not your standard sweet baked bean but more of a grilled flavor, if that makes sense. The plantains were like a secret dessert (hey its a side, technically) and were just tender and sweet enough. When you get the quarter chicken you can pick light or dark meat, and Jake, who got the half chicken, said next time he would just go for the light quarter since there was not a ton of extra meat on the dark section. A quarter chicken meal runs you $8, which feels super reasonable for all the food and flavors you get. I'll definitely be back to eat my way through a whole flock, one quarter at a time.
4	Really good! Unfortunately the patio was closed for a private party and the ac was on a bit too strong, otherwise it would have been a near perfect dining experience. It was unexepectedly casual, order at the counter, serve your own drink, paper plates and plastic cutlery, but that was ok. The food was quite good. My wife and i shared avocado with quinoa which she loved more than i. However i had the fried rice with chicken. Big portions and a nice flavor that was even better when i mixed in the spicy green sauce that came with it. My wife got a quarter of roasted chicken with beans and great sweet plantains. We both got passion fruit, maracuya, juice which was delightful. All this  for 30 bucks. I thought it was a great deal for some tasty food. We will definitely be back.
4	Peruvian Happy Hour?!?! Well, I don't mind if I do! I stopped in for the lunch special which includes a1/4 chicken, fries, salad AND a drink for only $5.95!!!Let's start out with the staff...they were all superb! I was welcomed when I walked in with a smile, asked if I had any questions or needed suggestions and then given a reward card...it only takes 5 purchases until you get a free meal free!!! Whoo hooo!I didn't have to wait long, and my food arrived. I loved the salad. It comes with cucumbers, tomatoes and feta cheese. And the dressing was delicious!!! My taste buds were very happy!!! The chicken and fries arrived HOT. Very, very tasty! I loved the crispy fries and the well seasoned and very moist chicken. Yummy!!! I really enjoyed mixing the chicken and the fries in the accommodating yellow sauce which was a little spicy, just like I like it! There are so many more things on the menu that I look forward to trying off their menu! I definitely can't wait to come back!
4	I headed here for lunch (on a weekday) with fellow yelpers, Dion L. & Katie S.While I can still see the old Starbucks layout in my mind, Viva did a great job remoldeling this space & making it their own. The interior of the restaurant is warm & inviting, although it is very small. The lady at the register was very friendly & clearly has a good memory. She knew by heart was Dion would order. I on the other hand went against chicken & chose the "Wow Limito" (sirloin steak sandwich) & fries.We decided to sit outside on the patio - which is lovely, by the way. You're surrounded by plants all along the "walls." We didn't wait but about five minutes & all our entrees arrived.  My sandwich was perfect, the toppings fresh & the steak cooked thoroughly. The fries we hot, crispy & plentiful. The mustardy-yellow sauce that accompanied was delicious! It had a nice "kick" to it.The prices are hit & miss. Some entrees/dishes seem to be a bit overpriced, while others are reasonable.If you're a fan of Pio Pio &/or Peruvian food, do yourself a favor & head on over to Viva Chicken.
4	Bored of eating the same old sub or salad everyday for lunch?  Me too, I  really needed some new lunch choices and something close to work and boy oh boy was I happy to find Viva Chicken.  If you haven't tried Peruvian food yet then this is your chance, and you will not be disappointed. Thanks to JJ G.'s review I went for the Tacu Bowl (but with chicken) for me!  It's the delicious green sauce that really made the dish, I don't recall the name but I'll take a gallon of it please.  Fresh avocados and plenty of food to fill this hungry belly.  The menu has plenty of options even for the picky eaters out there.  I also noticed a summer menu at the register featuring some good looking salads.  While looking around the restaurant you can see just about every patron munching on the Pollo a la Brasa (Peruvian rotisserie chicken) I know this is the thing to get at this restaurant and I can't wait to get back to try it.  You can even order a whole chicken and sides to go walla dinner is served. For lunch or dinner Viva is a great choice the outdoor patio is awesome and filled with plants and cute decor.  Even though it's counter service you still feel like your getting full service at you table.  Fast, healthy, and authentic just what I was looking for!
5	Mmmmmm... The fella and I visited Viva Chicken after I heard about 37 different people proclaim it as their favorite place.  Even with high expectations, it didn't disappoint.  As others have said, it's in the old Anderson's building right in front of Presbyterian Hospital, and parking was easy on a Wednesday night right across the street.  I was worried about seating, but there were easily enough tables to seat 30 or so people inside and even more outside on the cutest covered porch I've ever seen.  If it hadn't been 93 degrees outside, I would've tried it.The minute we walked in the door, a guy behind the counter enthusiastically said hello and welcome and gave us the rundown on the menu.  The lady behind the register was super nice and gave us some good suggestions on what to order, so I got the rotisserie quarter-chicken (all white meat) with plantains and yucca and sangria, and the fella got The Great sandwich with fries and white wine,  which is stored in a tiny bottle in the mini fridge on the counter along with some desserts and other beverages.  (Trust me that this is super cute and not bizarre.)  We took our number and our wine, found a table by the window and waited maybe 3 minutes til the food came out.  The chicken was hot and perfectly seasoned, and I had to force myself not to eat the plantains first; they were worth the wait.  The yucca was really good, but I'd never had it before, so I can't compare it to anything.  The two sauces it came with (on the side) were a little spicy for me, but the food didn't even need sauces.  Fella said the sandwich was really good and could've used more meat and less "stuff" (a.k.a. - lettuce, tomato and onions), but he's a serious carnivore, so that statement could be said about meat pie.The prices are reasonable, the service is better than some fine dining establishments I've been to, and the food is to die for.  I can't wait to work my way through the rest of the menu!
5	Cool atmosphere! Super affordable! Quick service with beer & wine!!! We had the chicken with yucca and plantains. Everything tasted great. We shared papas huacaina. (Grilled potatoes over salad with an amazing sauce) a must try!!! Passion fruit mousse for dessert - loved it! I can't wait to tell all of friends about this place.
5	I have been hearing my coworkers rave about this place for weeks so when Girls Night came around I jumped at the opportunity to visit VIVA Chicken. I ordered the quarter chicken with sweet plantains and a house salad. I was not disappointed. The sweet plantains were delicious, just like my grandma makes them!! The chicken had great flavor and was oh so tender! We sat outside on the super cute patio. The servers came out and refilled our drinks and were very attentive. I also love that they have eco-friendly serveware and they recycle. I would definitely recommend trying it. Keep you the good work Viva Chicken!
4	Finally made my way over to the much anticipated Viva Chicken and I was NOT disappointed!I tried the chicken salad and we also ordered "the great" chicken sandwich on ciabatta with a side of sweet potato fries.  Both items were great. The place is fresh, clean, sleek, friendly and fast.  The staff was super friendly and I actually heard my stomach thank me after I completed my meal.I love how everything is made in-house and that they have some great healthy options.  I will be back again and again.
5	My favorite restaurant in town.  Chicken is delicious and I love the sauce with the salad, the cilantro rice is amazing, and sangria is pretty good too.  The best part, it's not expensive at all.  You get a lot of food for the price.  My bf and I love to pick this up when we are too busy to cook anything.
3	Just so you know I did not want to make this comparison, but they made me do it!  The wife and I went yesterday to check it out and we both got the quarter chicken with two sides.  Her sides were salad and fried yuca and my sides were salad and plantains.  The yuca was fried crispy and dry and not oily at all.  The plantains were delicious and sweet.  Now for the chicken.  For the most part is was good, but I have had better at Boston Market.  My main issue was the fact that there was a portion of the chicken that was still pink and undercooked.  Some of the meat "refused" to be pulled from the bone.  The best way to tell if a chicken is well done is when the wing pulls easily from the breast meat.  The wing on my piece and her piece did not want to  pull easily from the breast meat.  In fact it did not release at all.  The part that was done tasted okay, but if I am paying it all better taste good.  You guys try it and tell me if you like it.
4	When looking for a lunch or dinner option that's out of the box and packed with fresh flavors from South of the border, not to mention easy on the budget and the schedule, Viva has become my new go-to.The focus is on rotisserie-style chicken made in-house.  The outside is covered in seasoning and cooked to near fall-off-the-bone perfection.  And then you get your choice of sauces, all made on-premises, that are each show-stoppers in their own right.  One creamy with just the hint of a spice kick, one packed with diced cilantro, and another red with the chili pepper base and a smoky flavor with a just a bit of kick at the end.  All 3 very different, but somehow each work perfect with the chicken.Most meals also come with a choice of sides, which are anything but an afterthought here.  Rice seasoned with cilantro, beans modestly spiced with a cumin and other herbs, and even a small green salad with red onion and a balsamic vineagrette all show the kitchen's skill and focus on flavor.  Even the regular fries and the sweet-potato fries are elevated due to a coating that makes them particularly crunchy upon presentation.  The same can be said for the fried yucca.  A great alternative to the fries, these wedges have a slightly sweet and earth flavor that pairs well with creamy sauce.  I've also found the sweet plantains to be well done here, with just the right consistency, not too mushy and not too firm.  This is not to say the other menu offerings are second-class citizens, however.  The Lomolito sandwich is quite nice, for example.  Thin strips of seasoned stake and vegetables are served an a super fresh roll that finds the right balance between crunch and chew.  Vegans and vegetarians can rejoice with the other options here, including the uber-healthy avocado stuffed with quinoa.  I also like the restaurant's decidedly green focus, using compost friendly plates and utensils while also making an effort to separate the trash to increase recyclables.  Even the patio in the back is earth-friendly, with hanging gardens of herbs and flowering plants.  The only ding I can find here is the music.  It's a constant club dance mix that's just a tad too loud, especially at lunch time.  While it is lively, its a little off-putting for a mostly-business lunch crowd.  Still, it's worth the fist-pumping beats to chow down on some of the best fast-fare you can find within earshot of uptown.  The quality is all there and the flavor quality is superb.  Here's to hoping for a very long life for Viva, a great addition to the neighborhood.
4	I was picking up lunch on Elizabeth one day and accidentally spotted this place.  After reading all of the reviews I definitely had very high expectations (sometimes not a good thing).  However, this place did not disappoint at all.  I got the rotisserie chicken, plantains, and yucca.  The chicken literally falls off of the bone and is extremely tender and juicy.  It is also packed full of authentic flavor (I say that having been down there).  The plantains were amazing.  I could have had only those for my entire meal.  The yucca is rather bland, but that is how it is supposed to taste so it is cooked how it should be!  We also got the "Famous Huancaina" appetizer which is basically grilled potatoes with cheese sauce over the top.  Very nice appetizer to share.  The staff are all courteous, friendly, knowledgeable, and prompt.  The atmosphere is inviting as well, especially the patio covered with flowers.  There were a couple of aspects of the experience that could have been improved upon.  The chicken portions are rather small, so if you are hungry get the half chicken not the quarter (I know, I know, the portion sizes are probably sufficient but this is 'Merica and we like our food portions huge).  The appetizer came out actually after our food came out, so that was a bit of a problem.  There were several of us there and we had nothing to do later so we wanted to more or less relax and not rush to eat.  If you want to sit and share a drink or two before dinner, do not order when you get your drinks, as the food comes out rather quickly (*note: This is not necessarily a bad thing if you are in a hurry, just something to keep in mind).  We sat at the corner table on the patio, directly under the speaker, and it was very loud.  Overall this is one of, if not my absolute, favorite chicken places that I have found in Charlotte.  Definitely recommend this to anyone. 4 1/2 stars.
4	So far this is my favorite place for chicken.  We've gotten their $18.95 whole chicken combo a few times now, and haven't been disappointed yet.  We'll pick one up for carry-out, and every one is still moist and delicious by the time we get home.  The plantains are pretty tasty and their beans have a special place in my heart.  I'm not normally a big fan of that style of bean, but these just rock my socks.  Their sauces are what really set them appart though.  They have three different sauces all at different heat levels, but each also has it's own unique flavor.  My favorite is the light green one, but all three are great, and I don't find them to be too hot.   The combo will feed us both for a couple days, or we'll use the chicken in a recipe.  At that price it's pretty hard to beat.  I'm pretty sure Viva will remain our go to place for that lazy night when we just can't decide what to make or get.
5	You must eat here. I teach at CPCC, steps away from this fabulous gem of a restaurant, so this is my go-to place for late afternoons at work when I realize I have absolutely nothing to feed the cherubs. I usually order the same thing ... I confess. A whole rotisserie chicken with a double side of yucca. Sometimes I order an additional side of plantains. Always I crack open the fried yucca to sustain me on my long ten minute drive home... The sauces are amazing. The food has been delicious every time. One day, I'm going to hang out and test out the sangria! It looks so, so, good. My sitter is Peruvian and a Peruvian chicken connoisseur - this is her hands-down favorite CLT restaurant for rotisserie chicken. She eats here often and brings her college friends and chit chats in Spanish with the friendly owners and staff. This place is the real deal. So happy to have it close by!
4	Tried this place for lunch today and it was my first experience with Peruvian food (though I've been to neighboring Ecuador, and they have many similar dishes).  I got the Sopa de Pollo (chicken soup) and Hey, Causita (best described as a little tower of alternating layers of chicken salad and mashed potatoes).The soup was OK, not overly flavorful, but not bad... Just kinda there.  The Hey, Causita was very good.  Chicken salad and mashed potatoes may sound like an odd mix, but it was delicious.The staff was very friendly and service was fairly quick.  I'd go back for the Hey, Causita.  Check out the little Elizabeth Creamery ice cream shop next door as well!
4	First time here and we'll be back. We both got the 1/4 chicken and 2 sides - rice, canary beans(?), yucca, plantains. And Sangria. Pros: With the exception of the beans, everything was really good (+ Sangria). Comes with 2 sauces which were also very good.Cons: Beans were average. But there are other sides to try out.
5	Having quinoa stuffed advacado.  It was really great!  Had a chance to sample the Sangria! Oh my it was so good.  The location required a little maneuvering to get to the parking.  The ambience both inside and outside was magnificent.  I cannot wait to return for an early evening "pre-concert" dinner and drinks!!
5	I am ever-passionate about Peruvian chicken. I grew up eating the tenderly roasted delicacy and consider myself a true pollo rico fan. While I'm more accustomed to authentic, hole-in-the-wall restaurants, I was pleasantly surprised by the Viva Chicken approach. Seemingly out of a cool California operation, with its eco-chic interior and practices. Celebrating sustainable and recyclable practices, Viva seems to care about its impact on the environment and clearly has a heart too. On a select weekday night, they'll feed someone in need for free.  To acquire some of the best chicken you're bound to ever eat, simply place your order at the counter and then patiently wait for your take out or dine in (should you choose to stick around, there's indoor and patio seating available). I opted for the pollo a la brasa (1/4 white meat) and 2 sides (cilantro infused rice with canary beans). While it plays host to fast food ordering, the dishes taste anything but rushed. For a mere $7.95, I dove in to my meal and compare it to the best of places I've visited. Were I to call myself a Charlotte resident, Viva would be in regular rotation.
4	I go here every other Thursday. The chicken is so juicy and tender. The different types of sauces for the meats are very good! The quinoa stuffed avocado is crazy good!
4	A pretty decent Peruvian chicken place.  The green sauce is pretty good.  The yucca and the plantains were both very good.  Skip the fries.  The chicken was pretty decent.  Service was excellent.  My husband told me he felt like they must have just opened since they were very friendly.  I don't know if that is the case or not but I reminded him we were in the south and people are much more friendlier than they are in the DC area.
5	Man! This place is BUSY! I'm adding another star for excellent customer service. I came in on friday at about 12:30. Woah! All of the tables were full and the line was about 15 ppl deep. The line moves fairly quickly. I ordered my rotisserie chicken, side salad, and plantains to go. There were so many people waiting for their take-out, but no one seemed to mind. An employee began passing out free herbal tea lemonade to those of us waiting and apologized for the wait. It was green tea-y and delicious! I had to wait about 10 minutes, but i didn't mind. The food is well worth the wait and the extra attention to detail and lemonade was an added bonus! I'll be back soon, viva chicken!!
4	I felt guilty for coming here because I am loyal to another local Peruvian chicken place. Just had to get that off of my chest.But this is more of a California type of fresh rather than a homey, hole in the wall type of restaurant. So actually, it is completely different from Pio Pio.I had the aptly named, "The Great" sandwich and it was amazing and incredibly well priced. The service was super friendly and the atmosphere matched the bright, fresh flavors of the food.It is a winner for all these reasons and because it is a few blocks from my house.Glad to see this place open because this unit has been cursed.. even Starbucks closed here.. They are here to stay.
1	Got sick on the chicken, it tasted as it was spoiled ! Heard great reviews about this place and went their during B/trip. Maybe not used to Southern cooking , we all got real ill from this place ! The staff is really cool and gave us our money back. They didn't seem to notice the chicken was spoiled ! They must have iron stomachs in NC, maybe it was a bad week for chickens. Customers seemed happy with their chicken, as we could hear the happy groans of  NC eating their meals.
2	Not bad, but not THAT great either! Seeing all these 5 star ratings I could be fooled to think this is the best restaurant in Charlotte -which trust me, it ain't!Order at the counter,  eat out of paper plates with plastic utensils - they SUCK for carving roasted chicken- and....go, leave, please don't forget to clean after yourself!  In my book this type of establishment doesn't even qualify as a restaurant. Got no clue why people like places like these, assembly lines meant to get customers in and out asap, period.  As for the menu ... well no seafood whatsoever, none - which is funny because seafood is really what makes Peruvian food shine and so different from it's neighbors. The chicken was an OK plump "Peruvian flavored" chicken, but not the best while everything else was totally Americanized. Normally the green hot sauce is so hot that I can only use small dabs of it, here they call it "medium hot" and I could gulp it by the spoonful. In fact I dumped the whole container on top of the tasteless Canary beans in order to be able to eat them.The "hot" red sauce (aka "gringo killer" ) was mildly hot, not bad it went well with the chicken but it tasted a lot more like a hot BBQ than anything Peruvian. The sweet potato fries, again not bad but 100% American.Not saying this place is bad, but it's like ordering from Pizza Hut, then claiming you've experienced great Italian cuisine.
4	We placed an order to go last week for a work lunch.  I had previously never seen or heard of the place, but was impressed with their menu.   Their chicken is all-natural,  free range and slow roasted.  I opted for the vegetarian selection of the quinoa stuffed avocado with a side of plantains.  Wow . . . I was incredibly impressed!  You are served the largest avocado I have possibly ever seen.  Each half ifs filled with well seasoned quinoa and topped with a chipotle ranch/balsamic drizzle and served over a bed of lettuce.  Due to the size, I ate only one of the avocado halves and saved the other for a different meal.  The plantains were rich and well seared on the outside, not too dry or overcooked like they can be at many restaurants.  We had nearly a dozen different dishes between the whole group and I didn't hear a single complaint out of anyone.  I'll definitely be back to visit Viva in the future!
2	Go to Pio Pio - much better choice if you want authentic.  While this place isn't bad it's more of Peruvian fast food.  The rotisserie chicken is much more tender, juicy and flavorful at Pio Pio.  Here it is dry and bland.  The sauces are so so.  Didn't seem authentic.  If you have a choice Pio Pio is much tastier and better value - you get a salad in addition to 2 sides.
5	My favorite new place! I've tried a lot of things on the menu, and never been disappointed: tacu bowl, classic saltado, inca wrap, wow lomito an the great. The hardest part is deciding. Great food, great prices and the sauces really seal the deal
5	I visited Viva Chicken for my first time this past weekend.  What a great place!  The chicken had a wonderful flavor and was NOT dry at all.  All the employees were very generous and helpful (as we had a lot of questions).  Very impressed with this place.  We will be back!
4	Although more of a fusion Peruvian than true traditional, I'll be back.  The chicken was great, sauces tasted fresh, yucca and salad were good.  Food, price and tea are better than at some competitors -- and Viva has a patio.  If you're looking for true traditional, this isn't necessarily the place.  But if you're looking to try Peruvian for the first time, it's a great place to go!
5	I wanted to give this place 10 stars, but 5 was the max. Since discovering Viva about 2 months ago, I eat here at least 1 a week and the experience has been consistently awesome. Great Food, Fast and friendly service, hassle free parking....What else can you ask for? To top off, there is a gentleman that goes around checking on all the customers and make sure that the place stays clean. You can tell that they have a passion for good food and service.The rotisserie chicken is a delicious classic. Try it with the yellow sauce.The Chaufa with steak is absolutely amazing.. Don't forget your sauce lol.
4	I've been really looking forward to trying this place since I pass it every day and like everyone else in Charlotte (random,no?) I love Peruvian food! Gotta say after stopping in I'm stoked. I will first say that the Hey, Causita is pretty on point - it's one of my favorite dishes & theirs is really good. Also, the herbed basil lemonade is the jam. The taste of the sauce was very slightly lacking in authenticity but I will attribute this to the location smack in the center of yup-ville. The employees didn't seem to care very much about.. Anything. But I got my food to go and it was really delicious, so I don't really care. I wouldn't, however, suggest going here at a busy eating time.
5	This place is good. I got the Tallarin Saltado, which is a linguine/veggies/soysauce/ginger dish, and it's delicious. And very fillingPlus, they have Eco-friendly everything: Cups, plates, napkins, even eating utensils!! Super awesome ^_^
4	Hubby and I went to Viva for a weeknight dinner. Everything we ordered was excellent! Yet, I have to say... the "green sauce" surely was the star of the show! My husband loved the plantain's and the "hot" sauces. I really enjoyed the passion fruit drink they serve, along with the spice's used on my dish. Beautiful balance and so flavorful! The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. Super clean, nice outdoor seating area, and many options to choose from the menu. Definitely will return!
4	I knew I was in for a treat when I walked through the door.  It smells delicious in here! Everything on the menu sounds amazing so it was hard to make a choice. I decided to go with their specialty: the Peruvian rotisserie chicken. I got the 1/4 chicken (white meat) with plantains and fresh fruit. For my drink, the choice was a little easier because they let me sample the specialty beverages. The Peruvian passion fruit was quite tasty. The food was delicious. The chicken is seasoned well and I love the dipping sauces. The green one is my favorite. I also got the tres leches cake for dessert. OMG. It was excellent. It was so moist and sweet. They give you a pretty big piece, so I recommend sharing it. This place has a really cute atmosphere. I love all of the plants surrounding the outdoor patio. The service was fast and friendly. What a great spot!!
5	As a peruvian myself, I know that Viva Chicken serves authentic, amazing peruvian food! The classic saltado was just like my grandmother makes and the stuffed avocados were so delicious. The staff was super friendly. I can't wait to go back and try out the rest of the menu.
5	Stuffed avocado with chicken - enough said. It was great to find a new place to get healthy, innovative, affordable, and delicious food! Perfect for take out after work. On top of that, the staff is friendly and the service is all around great. 5 stars, no doubt.
4	Great food! Sauces are amazing. The yellow sauce is my favorite. The pulled "great" chicken sandwich is amazing! I love avocado on my sandwiches and the combination of toppings is a fantastic taste. Staff is great! Also almost everything is compostable and recyclable.
5	1st time trying Peruvian food! AMAZEBALLS!! It was between 1/4 roasted chicken (my sides were cilantro rice n fried plantains) or shredded chicken quinoa in an avocado bowl. I couldn't decide so I had both. So yummy. Plenty of left overs to bring home...my 2nd dinner. LolThey have very friendly staff...cute and bubbly. Highly recommend! U won't be disappointed.
5	Great casual Peruvian place. Had the grilled chicken with beens and rice. Make sure you get the green sauce. The chicken was cooked to perfection. Just spicy enough green sauce and great rice. Will definitely come back again. Looking forward to try the rest of the menu.
5	Amazing food from beginning to end. Don't miss the quinoa stuffed avocado. The Classic Saltado is scrumptious! Great kids menu too :)
4	Loved the roasted Chicken. And the sides were pretty good too. I ate too much! Next time I'm in Charlotte, I will pay it another visit.
5	Being from the DC area there are two things that I've always said Charlotte doesn't have enough of...Peruvian food and fast casual restaurants.  Viva Chicken delivers big time on both!  To test this place out, on my first visit I went with the classic quarter white, beans and cilantro rice.  The chicken was very moist and well seasoned.  They serve it with both the mild and medium sauces...couldn't decide which I liked better.  I was also impressed with the cilantro rice.  Beans I could take or leave but tried a friend's yucca...crispy outside, creamy center, delicious.  Second visit I tried the Viva Chicken Salad.  A large plate of greens topped with pulled chicken, feta, avocado, a little onion and tomato and their house dressing which is maybe a sweet balsamic. I'd take this salad over one from Crisp any day. Aside from the food, the staff is extremely courteous and helpful, the prices are very reasonable, the restaurant is eco-conscious and it doesn't hurt that it's next to my favorite music venue.  Highly recommend!
5	Deliciousness.  Has that reeled you in yet?  I had stopped by Viva Chicken for lunch and I fell totally in love with it.  Alright, I didn't have a chicken dish, but the Classic Saltado sounded too good to pass up.  The place is small, but I don't care, I was more interested in the food since it smelled so good upon walking in.  I ordered my food at the counter and it wasn't too long of a wait to get my food.  I would recommend to hurry up and get a table as it can get pretty crowded during a lunch rush!  The sauces that came with my dish were to die for!  I just kept dipping and dipping.  No shame man, no shame. What's cool about this place?  They are also very eco friendly!  Yay for trying to go green!  The servers are wonderful and everyone is so super nice.  When I had ordered at the register, the guy probably noticed I was a first timer and let me know about the dishes I had questions on and also informed me that they have a loyalty card.  Did I get a punch that day?  Heck yeah I did!  I plan on going back for more punches in my card!I've definitely have to go back and try some of their chicken dishes too!
5	I must admit I have never been to the actual  restaurant which I'm dying to do because what I receive from delivery is the best food ever! They should NEVER stop making the tres leche cake! Most nights I attempt to order it, it has already been sold out, but when I do get to eat it , it's divine. Onto the main courses, I started with their rotisserie chicken and it was so good I began try everything on the menu to see what they made the best. Needless to say I was not disappointed. I order from them each week wether it be sun dried tomato wraps, ginger green beans or seasoned rice, it's all good and it all in one place VIVA CHICKEN!
5	Really enjoyed it!! We walked in right as they were opening for lunch this Sunday afternoon. As first timers, we spent a few minutes off to the side looking over the menu before we ordered at the front. A really helpful staff member told us their specialities and gave us suggestions for first timers to try. I ordered the 1/4 chicken and substituted my 2 sides for the recommended quinoa stuffed avocado. The chicken was juicy and tender, not dried out! It came with mild and medium sauces. LOVED them both!!! My husband had the Inca Wrap with chicken and french fries as a side. Wrap was tasty, but not as good as my roast chicken. The fries (which were recommended by the staff member) were like he said, probably the best in town! They were crunchy, not greasy at all! The food was presented beautifully and was served quickly! They also have nice patio area off the the side, would be perfect come spring! I'll definitely be back! All of the staff were efficient and gave great customer service!
5	This place is so good! We had heard about this place from a friend and thought, "oh it must be just one of those places" but no, this is a gem! For starters, the quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken... wow! It is the best form of avocado I've had, and that includes the very delicious guacamole! It is also rather filling so I just decided to have it as an entree instead of an appetizer or a side. Also, the chicken! It's mind blowing. I have no idea what they marinate it with, but whatever they use has to be made with something unicorns and rainbows! I'm a fan of dark meat chicken and my boyfriend loves white meat so the half chicken is perfect for us. Oh and the huacatay sauce! That's my favorite and my boyfriend loves the milder Aji Amarillo Sauce. I want that stuff on everything I eat!! This time we also happened to order the Arroz Chaufa which is a kind of fried rice which I'm definitely getting again next time! The sides are very delicious too... My favorite are the yucca fries and plantain fries and my boyfriend loves the cilantro rice. Oh and the Inca soda! It's kind of a cream soda.Overall this place is amazing. if you've never been here, now would be the time to try it. And if you've never had Peruvian food, then this place is a MUST!
5	I live a few blocks from viva chicken so I decided to check it out. I ordered the quarter chicken with two sides and a drink. The chicken was falling off the bone and very tasty. I got a side salad which was awesome (the balsamic dressing is amazing) and the white rice. They have a cilantro infused rice that I heard others order  but I am not a cilantro fan.  What made this place stand out the best is the service. I was thrown off a little at first because when you order you walk up to a counter and get a number and sit down, food is delivered and that's it. Not here the staff regularly walks around offering to refill drinks, get you a spoon and take your plate when you are finished. I also like the fact that most their paper and plastic products are recycled or are compostable. All in all I think Viva Chicken is a great place for a quick healthy meal, awesome staff and earth friendly.
5	Viva chicken was excellent and great customer service! Quinoa (sp may be off) stuffed Avocado was sooo good! I suggest that if you like avocados! I had the Classic Saltado and it was great! My husband had the tallerain Saltado and that was good too! I will def be going back!
5	This place has become one of my favorite places and is in my weekly rotation.The Low Lomito is awesome.  I also love the 1/2 chicken w/ cilantro rice.  But their tres leche cake is the best in town.Now that they offer online ordering, this is one of my top 3 favorite carryout spots.Awesome food!!!!
5	I'm seriously addicted to this place and so is everyone I've introduced to it. Please open a location in south Charlotte!
4	Fantastic food, obnoxious techno dance music... I'll definitely be getting my next order to go
4	This is one of my new favorite spots in the Charlotte area.  Viva works well as both a sit-down restaurant and as a take-out spot.  I have been here twice and ordered the Wow Lomito each time.  WOW is right! This twist on the steak sandwich works well on many levels.  The ciabatta bread is soft and warm (wouldn't work the same if it was cold and/or hard).  The steak has a wonderful, light, grilled smoky flavor to it and the onions and tomato are the perfect complement.  You can't forget to add cheese and avocado as well!  We're talking down right, good food y'all!My roommate is fond of ordering the 1/2 chicken with two sides for $11.50.  I've tasted it several times and I can also give this menu item my certified stamped of approval.  You can't believe how tasty this all-natural, free range, rotisserie chicken is.  This isn't what you pick-up at the Teeter or Food Lion.   You can tell a lot of love and time has been put into each chicken they serve.   It is a welcomed addition to the Elizabeth area of Charlotte.  I plan to continue to patronize Viva and hope to continue to explore this vast and unique menu.
1	The food tastes great while I was scarfing it down. However, it wasn't as good coming back up.Pretty sure I got food poisoning from eating here, as I got sick about 4 hours after finishing my meal.Maybe I'll try it again in the future, but certainly no time soon.
5	This place was delicious!! Loved the staff & the options for health food & uniqueness!You can watch your food being prepared & the wait is minimal for the amount of effort put into the food. I would recommend this place in a heart beat!
3	Solid rotisserie chicken and dipping sauces.  I did not try anything else, but I think if you are ordering from a place with 'chicken' in the title, it is fair to judge them on their chicken.  The food was good and the prices hovered around the acceptable range($12 for a chicken), but nothing remarkable here.  In the future, I think I would just hit up Teeter for a rotisserie chicken and a bottle of honey mustard.
4	I love this place. They have great tea there and the staff is really friendly.The restaurant is always nice and clean and it has a Peruvian sort of feel. I visited a McDonald's in Peru while traveling abroad and it was just like a regular American McDonald's. This place is kind of like that but Peruvian and just like an American place, so it's really good.I still haven't tried any chicken, but it has to be good, right?Try the tea.
4	I've only been here once but I will definitely be back to try more. I got the pulled chicken sandwich with yucca fries. Both were delicious, I loved the sauce on the sandwich. The staff is very friendly & accommodating. The atmosphere is nice but there is not a lot of seating. Take out is always an option though! This is a great place to eat & get a not so ordinary meal.
5	Incredible food with a super friendly staff. Arguably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Think of this restaurant as the Peruvian Chipotle. Ingredients are fresh, chicken is free range cooked in a wood charcoal rotisserie and the sauces are amazing. Would highly recommend to everyone!!!
5	From the moment we walked into Viva Chicken everything just unfolded perfectly. Incredibly nice servers asked us if we had been there before, they suggested I sample some fresh juice, and made recommendations on their specialties. As mentioned below, Viva has a fast-food set-up but the food is fresh and lovingly prepared. I went with "The Great" sandwich with avocado and plantains and my husband went with the pork sandwich La Butifarra with sweet potato fries. The sandwiches are served on the best Ciabatta I've ever had (soft on the inside light and crisp on the outside). My husband's sandwich was the better of the two, but both were exceptionally good. The meat very much has that distinct wood-fired flavor that when combined with the sauces, veggies, and bread is heavenly. My plantains were nice and caramelized - I would definitely order them again next time. They are very eco-conscious here and surprisingly have a large selection of veg-friendly options (I counted 8). They also have a lot of Asian inspired dishes which I can't wait to try. The outdoor area would make a great place to grab a bite to eat with a friend/date, it also is completely covered in herbs/plants which makes for a very cool vibe. The only tiny suggestion I would make is to turn the techno-beats a tad down during the lunch hour. My hubby and I both agreed we can't wait to return for another one of those mouth-watering sandwiches. SO GOOD!
5	Incredible chicken and sauces, plantains were flavorful and the passion fruit mousse is heaven!
5	I am so glad we tried this place-- we're from out of town and were looking for a reasonable place good for kids.  Bingo on both counts.  The best part though?  The food was delicious.  My husband and I both had the 1/4 rotisserie chicken.  We asked for white meat, and it was so tender and moist, it tasted like dark. Our meals came with two sides (the kids' meals did as well).  I got sweet potato fries and the cilantro-infused rice-- both were excellent.  I have to say the different sauces were a close second to the chicken itself. You order at the counter, and they deliver--paper plates and plastic silverware, but it definitely felt like a sit down place because the service was friendly and attentive. We sat in the lovely, closed-in, heated garden patio. I can't wait to go back again.
5	When you come, order the stuffed avocado with shredded chicken. This restaurant is absolutely amazing and their food is all natural, organic choices. Every time I visit Charlotte, I make it a point to stop at ViVa Chicken.
5	Oh man! This is such a great addition to the Charlotte community.I love independent businesses. I love helping community. I love good food. This place is a favorite. The heart warming stuff- they work a lot with the homeless community. I cannot stress enough how incredible I find this. This makes me trust these guys. This is why local businesses are so important. They are INVOLVED in what is going on in our community. The delicious stuff- the food is seriously good. The Quinoa stuffed avocado is a delight (IT IS HUGE). The chicken is always moist. The sauces are delicious (especially the yellow sauce). I absolutely love coming here and ordering a couple of appetizers, sides and chicken. We eat it for multiple days. IT IS AMAZING.There is a little outdoor area that is very nicely done.Oh- and they were open during the snow days. These people are serious about their chicken.
5	I LOVE this place!Before coming here, I had not had Peruvian Food. But, how can you go wrong with rotisserie chicken? I usually get the 1/4 chicken and vary the sides. It is always enough food for me and I'm a pretty sizable guy. However, there is always the 1/2 chicken too if you are really famished. The two sauces (I only know them as green and yellow) are both delicious and unique. Great for dipping chicken or fries into or pouring over your rice.The stuffed avocados with chicken are incredible and worthy of an appetizer to try or get two and make it a meal.Now, here is why I give them five stars. I came one time with my family and my mum brought her guide dog. They asked a few questions regarding the dog being in the restaurant. Being protected by the ADA and having several non-accommodating encounters over the years, we were not in the mood for a fight and politely but abruptly answered their questions and then went to sit down.A few minutes later they brought out a dog dish with water and gave us two treats for the dog for later because they understood he was working. We were blown away. Their questions, while bizarre in presentation, were actually trying to determine if it was appropriate to give the dog a treat. In 32 years, I cannot think of one restaurant that has ever done that for my mum. I have been in several where they just pet the dog without asking or try to secretly throw it a scrap or sit us out of the way or flat out try to refuse service. But never this.And their customer service did not just shine then. Every time I've been in there, the staff is friendly, and seems to always do at least one thing that I'd consider above and beyond most places.I'd go back for their food alone, but they are one of those places that simply deserve to be a lifelong staple n the Charlotte restaurant community.
5	Love everything about this place! The food and service are always on point.  The quinoa stuffed avocado is unbeatable! The yuka and plantains are always great and the chicken is superb.  A+!
5	Had lunch at Viva Chicken on 2/21. As many others have noted, the Quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken is wonderful. It's fresh, flavorful, well seasoned and substantial. My wife thoroughly enjoyed it. I had a quarter rotisserie chicken with canary beans and plantains. The chicken is moist, tender and very flavorful. (Get the half chicken if you're hungry, the leg/ thigh piece I had was a little on the small side.) The sauces that come with the chicken are very good also, the more spicy yellow sauce is worth the price to take home a bottle. The canary beans were cooked perfectly, tender, creamy and well seasoned. The fried plantains were great also, not greasy at all.  Fresh brewed iced tea was not too sweet. The staff was friendly and helpful. Can't wait too go back and try some other menu items. If we lived closer, this would be weekly visit.
4	Parking for Viva Chicken was a super hassle. Ugh, I didn't have any coins for the meter and then I had to install some app on my phone and then create an account and the whole time I'm hoping a meter maid doesn't come by.Okay, enough unrelated nonsense. Viva Chicken is right across the way from the Presbyterian Hospital's main lobby entrance. Inside dining and outside on their small patio. Order at the register and pay, get your drink filled and then your food's brought to you a bit later.I chose "The Great" sandwich - a good portion of pulled chicken with the usual lettuce and tomato on a toasted ciabatta roll. It was excellent. The chicken was nice and moist with a good flavor. For my side, I chose the sweet plaintains which were perfect. Plump and juicy and really flavorful.A great sandwich, I'll hope to be back here again!
5	Clean, fresh, delicious, fast, affordable , accessible and flavorful ... Also! Green conscientious !
5	Oh em gee!! Try the quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken! Explosion of flavors!!! Yum!
5	The plantains are perfectly done as well as the yucca. The staff is friendly and the menu gives plenty to choose from. The food is fresh and well seasoned. A good place to grab a quick bite to eat.  By the way the parking across the street in the lot is convenient. Not sure what it's like during the weekday but after work and weekends I have no problems.
5	This place is too good. This is not a place to pass up. You have not had this stuff before. The chicken is awesome. I cover mine in green sauce. No idea what that stuff is, but it is spicy and delicious. The cilantro rice, the fried plantains, and the canary beans are my go-to sides. The green beans are good too. It's not pricey, but not super cheap either; bottom line is that it's worth the money. I usually order a quarter chicken and two sides, plenty of food (but it is so good you may want more). Also, the patio is pretty cool with the plants growing around it and all. The staff is nice and friendly. It's not far from Uptown and is good for either lunch or dinner.
5	My husband and I are obsess with this place! We can never again eat rotisserie chicken from a grocery store ever again! I was iffy about this place at first, but everyone I know that have ate here has loved it so I had to give it a try. The chicken is super delicious and tender and the dipping sauce just add a bonus to it! We also love their fries. My husband works at the hospital so we also get an extra 10% discount  on our meal. We have started making this a dinner meal every other week or so. Definitely worth a try! :)
5	If you're even thinking of going here just YES!!! I had the quarter chicken with plantains, white rice and their dipping sauces. The chile dipping sauce is my favorite. The chicken is moist, juicy and savory. The outside is cooked to perfection as well. Taking some if the chicken in a sauce and some white rice is the perfect flavor combination. They also have cilantro rice which sounds delicious but I haven't tried it yet. The plantains I had were quite possibly the best I've ever had. Soft and sweet on the inside and crusty and sugary on the outside. It's not even fair how good they are. I've heard their fried yucca is amazing too; I believe it after eating their food. Seems like they're on point with everything.
4	Weekday lunches, this is a packed place with a long line. You stand in line, order, and they bring the food to your table. This is that type of place.The lunch crowd fueled by its proximity to the Paul Mitchell School, CPCC, the hospitals and numerous medical offices. Enjoyable, positive vibe inside the place. Parking is questionable. No signs were visible as to the best place to park. Street parking (coin slot M-F) is there, and a few lots. Having visited Peru twice, I wondered if any Peruvians would actually work there. This was answered quickly. I asked the cashier if he was Peruvian - he was. He gave me a recommendation: Quinoa-stuffed avocado with pulled chicken added.And I was pleased to see Inca Kola available at the counter. Inca Kola is a yellow Peruvian soda tasting like cream soda which was safe to drink in Peru, and was a familiar sight anytime I sat down to eat in Peru. This soda isn't particularly wonderful. It's just that I'm a sentimental person.I enjoyed the dish. And I was so proud at how healthy I was eating. "Super food" avocado plus the popular-as-ever quinoa, known for its healing powers and for empowering supernatural abilities in those who eat it. It's a good lunch. It works.The dish included two stuffed avocados, but I was satisfied eating only one.Cost...I don't know how to compare their prices, since I know of no such menu around town. Seemed slightly more expensive than it needs to be.
5	Great! Excellent food, everything I tried tastes awesome, high quality ingredients, the place is always super clean and the staff is super friendly,     the sweet potato fries are something else. A must when in this side of town.
5	Great Service!  The Herbal lemonade is amazing.  The food is great and perfect for lunch.  It's not too expensive and you get more than what you pay for!  Yummy!
5	Great atmosphere, great food. Quick and tasty! Though it may be quick it is not fast food, it fast good food Lol. If you're in the area try it, if you're not still try it!!
5	Amazing!!!  The avocado with quinoa?!?!  Yes. The wait at lunch is forever long but waaaaay worth it. I recommend both the green and yellow sauce and definitely the pulled chicken. Th patio is really lovely in the summer - all around lovely :)
5	Everything is so fresh and flavorful! 1/4 chicken with two sides is less than $9 and very filling. I had the chicken salad on my second visit which was delightful.
4	Greatly favored chicken, healthy portion size just wish the pricing was more economical.
5	Yum-yum-yummy. Picked up lunch and it was still nice and hot when I got home. Okay; I admit the sweet plantains didn't make it home. They were that. good. The chicken sandwich was good, but the bread made it wonderful!
5	I cannot get enough of this place. Everytime I go I am so excited to try something new, and everytime I am more impressed. The chicken is awesome (don't forget to try their sauces) as well as the stuffed avocado and chicken soup. The fresh juice is also great, and something different that most places do not offer. Quick, easy and super tastey. I love Viva Chicken!
4	The food is really really good! Little on the expensive side but it's worth every penny. The staff can be rude and somewhat distant. They don't make you feel welcome and comfortable. Will go again later for sure just for the food. You got to try their fried rice dish (forgot the name).
5	Great food best in town. Wow. Charlotte needed this. The great sandwich is awesome.great deals after 230
5	Try the Tallarin Saltado for a delicious vegan meal! It's amazing and never disappoints!
5	Omg absolutely love this restaurant. I had the rotisserie chicken with the cilantro rice and fried yucca. Everything was absolutely delicious especially when u add the sauces!!!  I've been trying to find something similar to a Pollo Tropical (Miami fast food restaurant) and this compared to be better. I like redact that they are very Eco friendly and the staff were friendly and very attentive to your needs. I'll definitely be coming back for more!
4	Great food, Great experience!  Peruvian chicken was not on my radar during my visit to Charlotte, but this place was great!  In addition to the chicken, I had a yucca fries and a small salad.  The salad, which I anticipated to be lackluster, came with a great dressing and was a hearty portion of romaine.  I also had one of their drinks-chicha morada (it's only ten cents more than a soft drink?!), definitely a good choice.  It wasn't as sweet as I would expect something that color to be, which was a great relief! The place was packed with a long line, but things moved quickly and our food came out to our table quickly as well.  We hung out here awhile after finishing our meal chatting and catching up but never felt rushed or that we needed to give up our seat.
5	This place is as legit as it gets! The wow lomito, the cilantro infused rice, the rotisserie chicken, sweet potato fries, some of the other sandwiches... its all amazing and if you have a chance to eat here you should. Make sure you use the green and yellow sauce! The staff there is always nice and helpful as well.
5	There are a number of things in life that I repeatedly choose to do even though I secretly know they're certain to end in heartbreak. Buying scratch lottery tickets comes to mind, as does going to see Adam Sandler movies. And on the food side, we have rotisserie chicken. It always looks so great with its glistening crisp skin, but when you get this at a restaurant, you are almost certainly assured to bite into something with the approximate moisture content of the Atacama desert. Viva, however, has defied the laws of "gastrophysics". Let me count the ways in which this chicken reigns supreme:1. Moisture: When I started at the breast, I seriously thought I had accidentally grabbed dark meat instead. But no, it was merely the juciest roasted white meat I have had the privilege to come across. Yowza.2. Flavor: The Peruvian seasonings on this stuff are mysterious but deeply satisfying. While the skin is of course the best part, even the meat itself had a complex flavor profile.3. MORE flavor: If the seasonings weren't enough, the chicken comes with two sauces. The yellow one is sort of mustard-y, and the green one is more garlicky, sort of like a chimichurri. I literally spent the whole meal alternating between the two and thinking "This one's better. No, THIS one's better. No, the first one was better." If I hadn't eventually finished the chicken, this probably would have put me in an asylum.Add to this experience a truly fabulous Peruvian response to chicken noodle soup, and you have an utterly undeniable reason to head over to Elizabeth.
4	Great place for lunch!  Love the Viva Chicken Salad & Viva Chicken Caesar Salads especially.
5	Yelp never lets me down. What a fantastic place. The rotisserie chicken is incredible. I just finished eating here for lunch. I ordered the 1/2 chicken with plantains and fries. Wife ordered the classic with steak. So much peruvian flavor, affordable and service was terrific. If you are in the city you got to hit this place for lunch or dinner.
5	Excellent good the stuffed avocados the fried yuca and plantains and chicken where delicious will come again
4	There are so many things like about Viva Chicken:1. Affordable price2. Cute location3. Plenty of parking4. Oh yeah fresh and delicious food5. Sangria they serve sangria6. To die for patioIcing on the cake is that Viva Chicken feeds the homeless for free one night of the week EVERY week.Their food is fresh, flavorful and pretty healthy (you can can also go all in here too)You can't go wrong with any sandwich, stuffed avocado, chicken with two sides (plantains and the amaze rice)....I love a good sauce I usually cover my meal with one to three...maybe a bit excessive -none are too spicy but all have some zing.Oh yeah those plastic forks and stuff- they are compostable people!
5	It took a while to try Viva Chicken and we are glad that we finally did.  We could smell the aroma of the chicken cooking on the rotisserie as we approached the restaurant.  Nice casual decor and a great value for our dining dollar.  Another good option in a widening array of ethnic restaurants in the Charlotte area.
5	The perfect spot for a quick and delicious dinner! We've been there a number of times and have thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered - especially the quinoa avocado (with chicken), the Arroz Chaufa, and half a chicken. Portion sizes are pretty good as well - you definitely won't leave hungry!
5	LOVE this place!  I drive from Southpark frequently to get their fabulous roasted chicken and the amazing aji amarillo (yellow pepper) sauce that goes on everything - get one to dip sandwiches - SO GOOD.  Highly recommend: "The Great" pulled chicken sandwich with smoked pepper mayo - add avocado, very fresh crusty bread.  Don't miss the chicha morada - purple corn drink that cools your tongue after the spicy aji sauce.  Herbal lemonade equally delicious.  OH, the quinoa stuffed avocado is REALLY good, order with pulled chicken on top for an entree.  Service is always excellent and owners are friendly and welcoming.  Great patio.  Great for casual dates. Love!!
4	So, I'm conflicted. During my first two visits I ordered "The Great" ($7.50) (Pulled rotisserie chicken, onions, tomato, lettuce, smoked rocoto mayo, grilled artisan ciabatta bread) which was delicious both times. Most recently, I ordered the Quinoa Stuffed Avocado ($7.95) (organic quinoa, onions, cucumber, tomato, cilantro, olive oil, lime plus pulled chicken $1.95). The sandwich was delicious both times but the stuffed avocados, though pretty looking, just didn't impress me.The chicken was dry and flavorless and the avocado was not ripe enough making it difficult to eat. Another at the table complained of dry flavorless chicken too and unfortunately for him he had the 1/2 platter. A big bummer because, until this trip Viva Chicken, was easily my favorite lunch spot in Charlotte.I will still absolutely return and know to stick with the sandwich. PS: the sauces (don't know what they're called) are DELICIOUS. Also, try the Yucca!I do love the interior and the patio with pretty gutter planters. Order at the counter, grab a number and they'll bring it out to you. VERY busy if you come right a noon, may even be busy if you come at 11:45, but the lines and food does seem to come quick.So one mediocre trip out of 3? Viva, you're still a four in my book!
4	Okay I'm a little annoyed cuz I got charged $6.50 for the Inca Wrap when it clearly says $6 for the wrap. Yea... I count my pennies. I'm on a budget. Other than that, the wrap is really good. Especially when you get an extra green sauce, and pour that sucker in there. Uh! Like love in my mouth. The fries are okay. I like them a little thick. Definitely not good reheated. I'll keep going because I get a discount. That definitely makes coming back a little sweeter.
5	Reasonably priced, deliciously seasoned, impossibly moist chicken with an interesting array of side dish choices to choose from. We came on a sunny spring afternoon, ordered a couple of Mexican beers, and sat out on the terrace to enjoy our meal. Highly recommended.
4	Let's just say I ate a lot of peruvian food where I used to live.  When I first heard of this place I was pumped.  They have traiditional appetizers such as a huacachina which was pretty on point.  Though, this isn't really a peruvian restaurant with traidtional peruvian plates.  Its more of a sandwich shop infused with Peruvian food.  At first, i was hoping for the latter, but after I took that first bite I knew this would be one of my favorite spots.  They do use pollo al a brasa ( rotisserie) and have lomo saltado, but basically this is just a banging sandwich place.  For the price this can't be beat. Great sandwiches, great taste, and inca cola mudda trucker. Tip- always use the green aji sauce.  My god I wish someone would bottle this up and sell it like siracha.  I would buy a keg of it.
5	This is one of those places that I would say" if you haven't had Viva Chicken and you live in Charlotte....ya not Living"!!! Food here is amazing!  I'm hooked- thank God I live around the corner
5	I am so glad I decided to give Viva Chicken a try. The first time I dined there, I ordered the Classic saltado. OMG. Basmati rice, sirloin served on a bed of fries, yummy deliciousness!!!!! I ordered a side of plantains to accompany the whole dish. Seriously. I can't get over how good this dish is!!!! My friends had the rotisserie chicken, which they have become addicted to as well! I can't wait to go back again!
3	Viva Chicken is my new favorite lunch spot, but I had to give this three stars because three times out of the six times I've been here, there has been an issue with my order.  I always order the quinoa-stuffed avocado (a must try if you haven't had it!) with a side house salad.  The first time, my avocado arrived with chicken and had to be sent back.  The second time, I received a salad with chicken (no avocado or house salad).  The third time (which happened yesterday, 5/19), I placed an order online for pick up that, according to the confirmation email I received, was to be ready at 12:44pm.  I arrived at 1pm to pick it up, and the order had been lost.  I showed the email to the staff at the register.  I did not receive an apology from the staff, all I was told was that the kitchen was backed up and that they would try to push the order through.  I received it ten minutes later.  Will I go back?  Probably, because I love the avocado.  In the meantime, I think I will be taking a break so hopefully I'll have better luck next time.
4	This place is always quick and delicious. You won't be disappointed! The sweet potato fries are my favorite, and the sauces are delightful.The only downside is that it's pricey for a mid-level restaurant that serves like a burrito joint. If there was one closer to my beating path I would eat there more if the price was a little lower.
5	Fantastic food, quick service, and great location. Just try it.
5	First tried Viva Chicken as takeout at my job - we had it several times over the course of two months and let me tell you, everyone I work with adores Viva Chicken.  I went to the actual restaurant location last Saturday (wanted my mom to try it) and was even more pleased.  It is a little bit of a hike for me since I live in the Ballantyne area, but it was worth it!  I haven't branched out to multiple menu items (not yet!) because I typically stick to the rotisserie chicken and two sides whenever I order.  Viva Chicken is so delicious though and knowing that I'm going to partake in their tastiness usually improves my day drastically :)  I order the chicken with fruit (trying to be somewhat healthy) and fried yucca (yeah, there goes the healthy).  I haven't had good fried yucca since I ate Cuban food in Key West, but Viva nailed it - delicous and creamy with lightly salted and crispy exterior.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, with signature moisture.  My mom had the cilantro rice and of course we poured their signature sauces (green and yellow) over everything.  I enjoy it so much, I think I even dipped the fruit in it.  We finished the meal off with some cookies that I cannot remember the name of - sort of like really soft shortbread with powdered sugar on it and sandwiching some nutella like sauce - also amazing.  Service was prompt and polite and several times, people came over to ask if the food was good and to refill water/take plates away, etc.  Everyone there seemed happy to be there, which made for a welcoming and pleasant atmosphere.  In my opinion, this place is a gem!  Some people might think it is a little pricey, but we paid around twenty bucks for our meals - keep in mind this is a hefty portion of chicken, breast and leg meat with a hearty helping of sides as well - so I thought the price was fair.  I feel like I can't go out to eat for 2 people without spending close to twenty bucks these days anyway and with far less satisfaction than I had at Viva Chicken.  And I am very excited to report that I was told they are potentially opening a location in Ballantyne!  Woo hoo!  I might never cook again!
4	The chicken here is phenomenal. I really love how tender and juicy it is, and it just falls apart in your mouth. The fried yucca is a must try!The service is as good as the food, if not even better. The waiter even offered to refill my fountain drink for me!It is a bit pricey, but well worth it! I will definitely be coming back!
2	I want to love Viva Chicken.  I really do.  I LOVE peruvian food and live just two minutes down the road.  I have now been three times, and it has slipped each time.  Every visit I have shared the chicken and the classic saltados (stir fried beef, tomatoes, onions, and french fries in a vinegary soy sauce.)  My first experience was a solid 4 stars.   The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the saltados were on point.   I should mention that saltados would likely be my desert island food choice.  I love almost every version.  On visit two, the chicken was ok.  Not as flavorful as I remembered, but still good.  The saltados however were kind of dismal.  Dry, tough beef and completely disintegrated fries.  It was almost like it had been sitting for a while, even thought I know that wasn't the case.   I left just a little unsatisfied.  Round three was just kind of sad.  I was determined to relive my fist experience, so I returned again.   The chicken skin was cold and flabby.  The saltados had a weird, charred quality to them with no decernable sauce.   Even the dulce de leche cookies for dessert were bad; sandy and stale this time.  The service however is impeccable.  They really try to provide a great experience.  If only the kitchen had the same consistency.
4	I picked up take out here last week and it was amazing! They didn't take too long getting it ready and there weren't too many people in the restaurant. I tried the Tacu Bowl with chicken and it was such a massive amount of food! Lasted for two meals. The chicken was so tender; and the rest of the dish added a ton of flavor that I didn't need any sauce on it. My boyfriend got the stuffed quinoa avocados with chicken and that was amazing. They looked awesome. The sweet plantains were perfectly cooked and there were plenty to share between the two of us. This is definitely a place we will come back to visit!
5	This is one of those places that I love but somehow manage to forget about and then when I remember again I think to myself, why don't we come here more often. I tend to order the great sandwich- add provolone and add avocado, with fries. I love this meal and it will always be a favorite of mine since it was the first real food I had after giving birth to my baby girl. My husband has ordered several other menu items, including the Quinoa Stuffed Avocado, which looked delicious and he confirmed it was and his favorite lately has been the Classic Saltado which is a delicious combo of beef, fries and rice. i have tried this and truly enjoy it- but still like to get the same sandwich b/c I am such a creature of habit. Eating in has always been a pleasure as everyone we have encountered who works here has been super nice and helpful. I really like that all of the products they use are eco-friendly as it seems so many places tend to use Styrofoam and i am all about saving the planet and all that jazz. Now that I have written this review I will have to remember to go there again soon.
5	Fantastic, really fresh food!  One of our new favorites.  I love the Great sandwich; the bread is always spot on with the perfect amount of crunchy crust and chewy bread.  The chicken is so flavorful and moist.  The sandwich doesn't really need any sauce, but the accompanying sauce on the side really does add a new depth of flavor when added.Customer service is impeccable as well.  My 5 yr old spilled his very full cup of fruit all over the floor.  They immediately came to help us clean up and brought another fruit cup free of charge.  I really appreciated this as it was totally our fault that the fruit cup spilled in the first place.  It's small, kind gestures like this that will make me a dedicated patron.Thanks to the owners and management for a well trained staff and great, healthy food choices!
5	Omgosh this place is amazing!!  I got the 1/4 chicken and it was so tender and juicy and the flavor was great!  I also got the Viva Chicken Salad with the homemade balsamic which was amazing!  The salad was super fresh and I'm usually not a fan of balsamic dressing but this was sweet and thick more like a glaze.  The cilantro rice is so so good.  I also tried the yucca which I had never heard of.  I thought they were french fries at first but the consistency is a little different and they are a little sweeter than a potato.  I just don't have a bad word to say about this place.  Everything is beyond fresh and tasty!
5	yoyoyo my nigga this is my joint! my god these chickens are divine! its so good that it feels like im having an orgasm
5	I've only been here once, but I'll be back, for sure!I wanted to try so many of their menu offerings, but opted for the highly recommended quinoa stuffed avocados. I shared sweet potato fries & plantains with a friend. It's fair to say I've been craving all three items since my visit last week.There was plenty of staff working here on a weekday evening & they visited our table several times to check on us & offer water refills. Despite the summer heat, the covered patio in the evening, with the fans going was the perfect place to hang out with some friends.The only drawback that gives me pause to make a quick stop on my way home from my uptown office is the parking situation. I ended up parking a block up the way on the street at a meter. My friends said there was some parking in nearby lots, but there's so much construction in this area right now & restricted lots for the hospital, I wasn't sure where I could park. Alas, a call to restaurant in advance didn't shed any light on available lots since they couldn't give me specifics about which lots were available for their diners.
5	This is as good as it gets in Charlotte for roasted chicken. Everything on the menu is so fresh and unique. All the sauces are wonderful too. Don't be afraid to try the "hot" sauce. It's a green sauce that is soooo good on everything. The sides are wonderful too. If you get the fried plantains or yucca I suggest getting them slightly well done so they're super crunchy on the outside while still being tender on the inside. My WHOLE family loves the chicken and fries for lunch (even my very picky daughter). For about $6 you get 1/4 chicken, fries (or side) and a drink. Not only is it a value, but considering most of the serving utensils are recycled/bio and the food is FRESH with a capital F, it's a miracle they can stay afloat. For an extra Peruvian feel, sit outside in the "garden" while you dine.
5	It wouldn't be a good week without a trip to Viva. This place has the trifecta when it comes to great fast casual restaurants: great price, service and taste. My personal favorite is the Viva Chicken Salad. Ask for a side of the green sauce to give the salad a nice kick. Most items are between $6-8 and you get a healthy portion. The staff are all generally very friendly and will offer to get you drink refills or bus your table, which I wouldn't expect from a quick serve restaurant.They also have a decent selection of craft beer and a Tres Leches that's worth a try. There is a loyalty program, too, that let's you earn points for free beverages and entrees. If you bring your pooch to the patio, they also will bring out a bowl of water and often a doggie biscuit. Just heard they are opening in Toringdon Market in south Charlotte, so Ballantyners should start rejoicing.
5	This place is awesome -- best service I got in town (even though the people here doesn't work for tips, as you pay before you get food etc), and best food I had in a long while!  Definitely try their chickens (I mean, they have it in their store name for a reason!), Peruvian drinks are nice, and the classic saltado is neat as well.  Will come back to Charlotte for them :)
5	Absolutely delicious! Especially if you put one of their sauces on whatever you order. And LOVE the fact they're very eco-friendly
5	How have I never been here?!?!  This was the best meal I have had in and around charlotte in forever!  All night long I just kept thinking "wow!  That was delicious!"I loved EVERYTHING that we ordered. The plantains were unbelievable-perfection!  And the prices were so reasonable. I'll be back at least once a week!
3	I think we hit Viva Chicken on an off day.  When we got there the line was almost out the door (which is normally a good sign) but come to find out their computers were down.  Instead of waiting in the long line, we decided to order our food through their app which came in handy.  The food was good but had a hard time giving it more than 3 stars.  I'd definitely go back but there are many other restaurants in Charlotte higher on my list.  I ordered the half chicken with 2 sides (cilantro infused rice, sweet plantains) and the Quinoa stuffed Advocado's.  The chicken was tender and went well with the two different sauces it came with.  The Quinoa stuffed Advocado was full of flavor and very unique - would definitely recommend ordering.  The sides were just OK.
5	Quinoa stuffed avocado with the pulled chicken has never let me down. I highly recommend this uptown spot!
4	I love their rotisserie chicken. It's very flavorful. And the half chicken is a great way to share between 2 people for $11.50 (with 2 sides). Quarter chicken is $8.25, so unless you really need 2 sides each, you have just saved yourself $5. I always enjoy the fried yuca & sweet plantains, but lately I'm hooked on the cilantro rice. Most importantly I like the green and yellow sauces that come with each dish. Be warned: it's garlicky, don't plan on kissing anyone afterward without a serious mint or mouth wash.Recently we walked in right after closing time (9pm) and the manager waved us in. I always like to give credit to places for not turning away diners (next time I'll know better). The patio is very quaint and a nice quiet spot to enjoy a conversation. And oh, they just started a new reward program, it's on an iPad in front of the register. Key in the phone # and it'll log in your spending.
5	I noticed all the great reviews on Yelp. My girlfriend I recently visited this restaurant and we loved it. I have always loved Peruvian food. We ordered the Quinoa Stuffed Avocado and the Classic Saltado. The wraps look good also, I may try that next time.
5	I will be back! This was my first time and their customer service was great! They even told me how to earn points for a free Chica Morada (purple corn drink). I ordered the Quinoa Stuffed Avocado, 1/4 chicken with plantain, and cilantro infused rice! This food was beautiful packaged and I'm sold! O yes, try the Chica Morada it's delicious!
5	OBSESSED is an understatement.  I go to Viva Chicken AT LEAST once a week.  My favorites are the Wow Lomito steak sandwich with extra mild sauce, the Viva Chicken salad (with mild sauce instead of balsamic), and the quinoa stuffed avocado with, you guessed it, more mild sauce.  You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches, which are served on soft chewy ciabatta bread.  Don't forget the mild sauce :)
4	Delicious and fast, but I need more yucca!My wife and I ordered a whole chicken and 3 sides. The chicken came with all three sauces so we were able to sample the flavors, all of which were good. The sides, however, were not quite on par with the chicken. The sweet potato fries were pretty standard, the beans were plentiful but bland, and the yucca fries were perfectly cooked, but we got so few. Oddly, the sweet potato fries came in a big basket, the beans came in a large plastic dish, but the yucca only came in a small cup. I would guess we had about 6 to split between the two of us. For comparison, they were so generous with the beans that we took half of them home with us. I would definitely go again, but I hope they start giving bigger portions for the yucca fries.
5	I've been here five or six times, and I've loved it each visit. The 1/4 chicken is good, and I've enjoyed the fries, canary beans and cilantro rice as sides. All white meat is .75 cent upcharge, which is worth it. The green sauce (Huacatay Sauce) is good, but too spicy for my tastes. I recently tried the yellow sauce (mild, Aji Amarillo) and I'm mad at myself for not trying it earlier because it is yummy. My favorite dish is the Arroz Chaufa (fried rice) with chicken. The Viva Tacu Bowl is good too, think like a Chipotle burrito bowl, but I wouldn't order it again because the canary beans got to be too spicy for me. I've only tried their Herbal Lemonade specialty drink, and it is cool and refreshing. I tried their lunch special today (the 1/4 chicken with 1 side and drink for $5.95) and it was a great deal! My sister tried their the Great rotisserie chicken sandwich yesterday and loved it. I will definitely come back to Viva Chicken often and try out the rest of their menu. I highly recommend this place, and it's wonderful they are opening a 2nd location in Ballantyne.
5	Fast Fresh Healthy Inexpensive & DELICIOUS!  Definitely enjoyed it. The chicken melts in your mouth and the cilantro lime rice is awesome.  The best thing on the menu is the Quinoa Stuffed Avocado - add chicken!  Will be back soon!!!!!
5	You can't beat the value for your money! The atmosphere is nice, clean, and casual. The food is wonderful. There's not a lot of variety but, that's not why you come to Viva chicken.   The service is pleasant and attentive from the person who greets you to the one who takes your order to the table. It was a great experience from start to finish!
5	The very best roasted chicken and the salads are perfect.  I can not say enough about how wonderful everything was.  The patio is also great.  This was our third time eating there and it is now a weekly destination.Thank you.
5	Absolutely loved this place! All the ingredients from the meats, to the sides, to the original drinks, and even the salsas had such a fresh taste to them. Peruvian food is typically bland, but Viva Chicken has done an excellent job of adding bold flavor without losing authenticity. My family is Peruvian and I cannot wait for them to try this place!
5	Their quinoa stuffed avocados are out of this world! Their chicken is also delicious, as are their sauces (not too different than any other peruvian chicken I've had).  But seriously - don't miss the quinoa stuffed avocados - sort of have a sushi-inspired flavor.  I crave these things! So good! The ambiance is nice, too - inside is nothing special (do have some cool light fixtures) but their outside patio is walled in with plants and makes for a nice, slightly private feeling.
4	As a Peruvian, I have to be very carful about this review :-PFirst time at the restaurant for lunch and it looked like a McDonald's in Paris (packed!) the concept is unique... it's fast food Peruvian... Everything that they had is quickly put together on the spot. I had the tallarin saltado with beef and it was surprisingly good. Everyone seems to be enjoying their meal. The Peruvian rotisserie chicken is pretty good.  If you want a quick glimpse of what Peruvian food is with an American production twist, this is the place for you. Prices are a little high for my taste for an everyday lunch place. Try the inca kola, it's what all Peruvians grow up with... The national soft drink.
5	I've been here 4 times and it is always delicious! I get "the great" sandwich. Yum! Fries are pretty awesome too. Make sure you use that dipping sauce they give you (it tastes pretty good on the sandwich too). Wish I lived closer or they had one in the Raleigh area!
5	Been to Viva twice now and it is already one of my top recommendations to friends or out of town visitors. Their rotisserie chicken and excellent sides are quality at a very reasonable price. Ive had the 1/4 chicken plate with the Yuca fries and green beans as well as the chicken and rice bowl which was a TON of food.Very modern and appealing interior or a shaded patio surrounded by plants and herbs.Can't wait to try it again!
4	I'm a big fan of chicken, and anything chicken, I'll definitely eat it.I'm really happy that Viva Chicken was a great chicken place. Stopped by on a Tuesday to grab some lunch with my boyfriend. He had the 1/4 chicken with sweet potato fries and a salad. I had the linguine entree. His fries were tasty and crunchy. We both loved it. OMG I love the sauce that they used for the salad. That was the best part. The chicken was perfectly cooked and still had juice. It was delicious. My entree was good, but I wished it had a little more flavor. Towards the bottom, it became salty. I really appreciate all the chicken they used for the entree, though. We also ordered their passion fruit drink. LOVED it! We had to get a 2nd one. The inside was nice and comfy. The designs reminded me of korean restaurants in korea. I had no problem what so ever here.We came back the same week on thursday and it was super busy. Maybe Thursday is one of their busy days? The cashier guy recognized us, which is good cause that shows he knows his customers. My boyfriend got the same thing he ordered on Tuesday but this time, the chicken was a little dry and the fries were soggy. Of course the salad and the sauce were still good. I LOVE the sauce. Haha. I just tried the stuffed avocado that a lot of people were suggesting. It was really good. I'm guessing they used the same sauce as the salad dressing for the topping because it tasted and looked like it. Don't get me wrong, I love avocado and chicken, so obviously I liked the appetizer, but it's nothing to raved about. I was really good food though. Really enjoyed the experiences here and will definitely come back again.
4	I love this place. The chicken is full of flavor and delicious. I can't seem to get away from the quinoa stuffed avocado. It's a must order item for me. Make sure to add the chicken to it. Makes for a perfect little lunch. I'm normally a water with my meal kind of person. Not here though. I have to order the herbal lemonade. It's infused with basil, rosemary and mint. So refreshing.Viva Chicken is quick and convenient to eat in or carry out. It's pretty busy during lunch so I usually just call ahead to pick up and run. If you eat there, I definitely recommend the patio area. It's super nice. Planters all around, a lot of shade. Great spot.Don't let the nearby construction and work deter you from here. You can still get to Viva Chicken with no problems. Only part of the road is shut down.
5	Everything from the food to customer is excellent! Ive been in Charlotte for over 1yr and don't know why I didn't try this place sooner. The Rotisserie chicken, cilantro rice, bean, sauces, and fries are a must!  A Whole chicken and 3 sides feeds about 4 people. The portions are great. The sandwiches and stuffed quinoa avocado are a must too.
5	I honestly have endless positive things to say about this gem of a restaurant. It's a very convenient walk if you work or go to school at cpcc central campus. First off I would just like to say the quality of their food is just perfection. I'm a very big fan of avocado and you can add avocado to any of your dishes for .75 cents. And perfectly ripen fresh cut avocados not the type of avocados that have been cut and mashed and left in the fridge for weeks. Rotisserie chicken is what they are known for and it's amazing. I personally love the stuffed quinoa avocado with shredded chicken. Very filling and healthy.  "The Great" sandwich is  great as well. Finish everything off with the maracuya drink and that's a perfect lunch for you.
5	I had such a great experience here! The food was awesome... I had the 1/4 chicken with the 2 sides, Yukon potatoes and the plantains. Both sides were delicious and the chicken was moist and flavorful. I also had to try the avocado appetizer so I got a half order of it and it  was the best part of my meal! The service was also incredible. I'm assuming this place is more of a fast food place but the service I received was not fast food like at all... I had two employees come and check on me and made sure I was happy with my meal and one of them filled up my water cup twice! I felt bad having him do that but he insisted! Even the customers were great.. Everyone was recommending food to me left and right! I highly recommend this place and next time I'm in charlotte I will definitely come back!
5	Love it! Had the chicken salad which was hugeee! Could not finish! Also got a side of plantains which were delicious!Since I usually don't like super heavy meals, the salad was an awesome option and I still got to enjoy the yummy chicken. Will definitely be back.
5	Best Peruvian style chicken in Charlotte hands down. The flavor of the rotisserie chicken is fantastic and it's always cooked to perfection. Very moist. The menu is more dynamic than other similar restaurants with sandwich options, Asian type rice bowls and of course their signature rotisserie chicken.
5	The service? Wow! The food? Wow!This place was fantastic and everything I had was delicious. The chicken was succulent and juicy, and every bite was bursting with flavor.The sides were great as well, everything was hot and crispy and they also have Inca Cola which you don't see very often.
4	Wen't here because Lemuria said she liked it and that was good enough for me. I'm usually vegan for cholesterol reasons, but I needed some chicken. I went on a long hike. I could feel myself getting sick and I knew I needed something more than tofu protein, so I bit the bullet. I do this about once every 6 months in an act of desperation. It never works. I'm home sick today writing this review, but I really enjoyed the chicken so meh it was worth the break!  After a couple of years being vegan I don't usually enjoy chicken but this was so good. The Peruvian spices were excellent on the chicken and the the rotisserie was fresh and tender, but the side sauces were insane. I especially liked the green one. I'm definitely going back on vegan days because they also had this amazing avocado stuffed with quinoa and tons of other sides I didn't get a chance at that look amazing. Ooh and dessert. I didn't get my dessert. Noooo! The tragedy of being sick! Viva Chicken we have business.
5	got the sopa de pollo for a friend who was sick because i didn't know where else to get chicken noodle soup.. and it was surprisingly super filling! has rice in it plus lots of chicken.. definitely a filling soup!they have gift cards too FYI!
5	The best rotisserie chicken. Ever. Seriously if you haven't tried this place yet, you must go now!!  The chicken is organic, free range and insanely delicious.  Start with a chicken meal so you can appreciate the chicken in all its glory. Recommend the cilantro rice on the side and give the plantains or yucca a try. The yellow sauce is good on almost everything!  Then venture out next time for the avocado appetizer (add chicken of course) or the fried rice. Yumeeeee.
4	When my friends made recommendations for dinner, one of them was Peruvian chicken at Viva Chicken.  When I heard this, of course I exclaimed that was my choice... No one cooks rotisserie chicken like Peruvians do!I was very impressed with the portion size and quality of the food. My half chicken with was cooked and seasoned perfectly with sides of fried yucca and green beans.  All were very good, but perhaps a little salty.  Make sure that you save room for dessert... Some of the best tres leches cake I have ever tasted!  And best of all, it is super cheap! I got a half chicken, two sides, a bottle of water, and a huge piece of tres leches cake for just about $20 with tax.I like that the place was very casual, but there is not much ambience. We did sit outside in the covered area, but it was not super special.
5	I LOVE this place! It's pretty much our go-to for delicious and easy (and also healthy!) take-out whenever we don't know what to eat! Granted, I order the same thing every time lol, but it's so good! The roasted chicken is to die for, and so are the yuca fries..... And don't forget to order the avocado appetizer with the shredded chicken on top. YUM!
5	Fast casual, clean and perfect food! Had the 1/4 white meat chicken, green beans and salad. Green beans were perfect and deliciously seasoned. Chicken was spot on and juicy. Side salad was perfect, mixed greens and great portion. Atmosphere is A+++, patio is amazing with cool natural shades. Menu also has sandwiches and other great selections! I can't wait to go back! PS - Eco friendly!
4	Their food is consistent and tasty, but sometimes their service leaves something to be desired. I ordered takeout last night and was then scolded at pick up for not specifying side sauces on the phone. Um, you should ask me if it something that needs to be pointed out earlier.
5	Last night was my first visit to Viva Chicken. I had heard great things and seen it on foodie call, but I needed to try it for myself. I was not disappointed! The food was amazing! It was healthy and tasted great! To top it off the staff was equally awesome! I will definitely be returning in the near future!!
4	Really good food. The chicken was perfectly done. You could go there for the rice alone. Awesome!
1	Their food was OK, but I was thrown off by the "one $," as this place was not cheap in my opinion! I have been to better Peruvian restaurants that were a lot cheaper! I got the Viva Chicken Salad and expected the chicken on the salad to be seasoned, but it was not. Very bland. The Sweet Plantains were the only good thing about this place, but you can get those at any Peruvian joint. Also, we sat out on the patio in the afternoon and they had really annoying club music blasting through the outdoor speakers. When I go out to lunch, I want a relaxing, quiet atmosphere. Maybe that's just me. Overpriced IMHO, and I think what we were paying for was the "trendy" atmosphere, NOT good food.
4	In short: food was great and cheap. I stopped into viva chicken because I was going to a concert at Visualite theatre, which is about a 30 second walk away, so convenience was a huge plus for me. There is nearby parking of the street is full, just drove around the block and you're sure to find one of the lots you can use.I ordered a quarter chicken with the mild sauce, yucca, and canary beans. I didn't care for the yucca, which I would blame on personal tastes, but from what my friends who lived in South America said about it, it actually wasn't prepared particularly well, so take that for what you will. The chicken and canary beans, on the other hand, were amazing. The mild sauce had a wonderful taste to it, but even the chicken with no sauce would've been great. I'm not sure what all was included in the beans, but they were also great.
5	Recently moved to Charlotte and I am so happy that I could find Peruvian restaurants. I have to say that I was vey surprised with this one in particular. Everything is 5 stars at this place. From the service, the location and overall the food. It is a great place and the service is excellent something that I have never seen in any Peruvian restaurant in the US before. Excited that they are opening a Viva Chicken close to my place, I am sure that I will spend a lot of time and money there.
3	Good solid meal. Nice choices on the menu. I had the purple drink, very tasty. Chicken just lacked the flavor I was looking for.  Nice atmosphere!
4	It isn't fancy, but it sure is good! The restaurant is simple and seat-yourself. There is a patio that looks out to a parking lot, but you wouldn't notice because the sides are surrounded by clever planters suspended in front of the non view. It the temperatures are pleasant, outside is where you want to be.Now the food. Yum! Marinated Peruvian style chicken is the highlight of the menu. Your choice of whole , half or quarter chicken & sides. I got a quarter chicken because I wanted the appetizer too. The appetizer I chose was a composition of chicken salad covered with yumminess & garnishes. I think brides should have it instead of wedding cake. Lovely to look at & livelier to eat.The sides that we had were infuses rice, beans green beans (get this! So good!), & plantain chips.The beverages are worth a trip in themselves. 3 house specifies plus sangria, fountain drinks & beer.I only regret I didn't have room for dessert. They looked delicious.You should eat here and try everything.
5	I've been to Viva Chicken twice and it was equally good each time.  Both times I have gotten the 1/4 chicken or 1/2 chicken with two sides.   I recommend the dark meat as its the most tasty but the white meat is good as well.I don't think the meat by itself is 5-star quality, but the two sauces that come with it put the meat over the top.  The yellow sauce (mild) is my Fav, but the green (medium) is very good as well.Where Viva Chicken really shines are the side items.  To date, I've had the green beans, sweet potato fries, and plantains.  All 3 of these items are excellent.  The sweet potato fries are fairly similar to what you get at other places, but great quality overall.The green beans are very unique with an interesting/spicy flavor combination and they appear to be skillet cooked by their texture.  Overall best side item IMO.  The plantains are great.  I'm not an expert on plantains by any means, but I love the ones here.The herbal lemonade is amazing (if you like lemonade) so I really recommend that as well.  Overall this is a a great lunch place and a good chill dinner place.  Overall very casual atmosphere, really love the porch.
2	Went to the Toringdon location yesterday.  I have been watching for a while, waiting, as I love Peruvian food.All in all the place was okay.  Kind of pricey for what you get (eg, 1/4 white same as Roasting Co, but sides are not included).  It had some riffs on Peruvian favorites, but nothing really brought me back to my time there--except for the Inca on the shelve (hopefully nobody actually drinks it).I don't know if it was that the place was freshly opened but there was a surplus of workers standing around making nuisances of themselves, asking you how you liked things.  One guy asked us 10 times and there were others.  No one bothered to get us more tea, water, etc, just kept coming back and asking if it was all right.I will go back, but with only okay food and high-ish prices for what you get, it is not a winner (winner chicken dinner ;) )
5	I had to review this place again... I normally get fries and the cilantro rice as my sides, but tonight I decided to change it up a bit. After reading great reviews on the green beans and plantains, I decided to give both a try and glad I did.  I can't really say anything negative about this place. Everything here is pretty amazing!
5	Really really delicious place! I had a Naked Peruvian chicken wrap and it was amazing! Everything was so fresh and had so much flavor: quinoa, big pieces of avocado, feta cheese mmmmmmm I had a bean soup on a side and it was great too - cilantro made it taste so good. Staff was super friendly: refilled water, and asked us a couple of times if everything was ok. The only thing I don't understand why they had electronic music playing lol
5	This place is great! Immediately when you walk in you have someone from the staff talking to you. Actually I'm pretty sure almost every employee that worked there asked me how the food was. Whether you are coming for lunch or dinner, this chicken is always a great healthy option and it was delicious. I hope they open a spot in Charleston.
4	Viva Chicken is a great place to get a quick and casual bite. If you haven't guess by the name, yes it's totally Americanized but they have done it in a clever and totally likable way. The food is flavorful and consistent. Try the Wow Lomito if you aren't gluten-free, counting calories, carbs or any other nonsense. If you want to take it a step further, get some yucca fries and bathe them in one of their signature sauces and then wash it down with some Maracuya (passion fruit) juice. If this doesn't add some passion in your life, you're hopeless.
4	I was so excited to finally get to try out Viva Chicken. I have heard the rave reviews for months but never had the chance until now. I did try to come once for work lunch, but the line was way too long. It is clear that this place is popular. The service was extremely friendly and the cashier was extra helpful with explaining what everything on the menu was. Here is what we had and what I thought:Fried Yuka- Amazing! Love some fried yukaBeans- Really great beans! Extra smoky flavorFrench Fries- They have really great fries here!Chicken- Chicken was good, but nothing better than your average Peruvian chicken place. We were disappointed that our chicken was not very warm. Tres Leches- Way too sweet for mePassion fruit Juice- Delicious!!The sauces for dipping were really great! The one bummer was the chicken. I would recommend this as a quicker option for someone who likes Pio Pio. This place does not beat Pio Pio but it is a solid place!!
5	Just moved to CLT and viva chicken had become my go to place for Hispanic food,  I'm thankfully it's close to my home. Rotisserie chicken is amazing I always get the 1/2 with two sides usually cilantro rice and plantains sometimes I'll add the beans. The food is always amazing and taste like genuine Peruvian food. The sauces are great for the chicken and all I can say is enjoy it!
5	Food was good and staff was helpful in helping my decision on what to order. I had the appetizer of an avocado with quinoa on top and added chicken on top I that an made it an entree. Highly recommend the dish.
5	Excellent service and presentation. I loved the unique atmosphere!
5	Clean, nice interior,  well staffed with nice people, environmentally friendly, heat lamps on the patio, and the food is delicious. My causa from last night made a great breakfast today. Oh, and the herbal lemonade is sooo good. I will definitely be back.
4	This place is absolutely delicious. Haven't had everything on the menu but I can tell you I have never had anything bad. I really enjoy the fried rice with chicken added. The sauces are all great too. Just wish they stayed open longer :/
5	Came here for an early birthday lunch with my husband. The food is great. Everything was fresh. Herbal Lemonade is on point.
5	The ingredients were very fresh and the portions large. Tres leches was on point. I especially enjoyed the fresh made sangria. What topped the meal was the service. Everyone was very friendly and attention despite it being a self serve restaurant. Can't wait to go back.
5	Amazing little place! We were looking for a place to eat on Sunday and it was one of the few top rated listed when we searched and it has definitely lived up to its rating. The food is delicious. We had the 1/4 chicken with infused rice and plantains and the classic saltado. Everything was cooked wonderfully, and absolutely delicious. There was also two types of sauces served with the food that were really different and insanely flavorful. We also had the maracuya juice- highly recommend it, as an islander. I also really liked that they served everything on biodegradable dishes. And to put that fifth star on there- the service was very gracious and attentive.
4	Although incredibly crowded and a significant wait for a takeout sandwich at lunch time, Wow Lomito is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had! Well worth it!
