5	This is where my doggie children used to go when I still had custody of them and they also got the best care.  I loved taking them here.  Every doctor and assistant I encountered treated my dogs like their own.  I had to board them here once and I got them back happy and healthy.The measure of the greatness of the doctors is this:  The first dog my ex and I got (she was a Rottie/Shepherd mix and a lovely pound puppy) started limping at six months old.  When it didn't go away after a couple of days, we took her to the vet.  Since they couldn't find any obvious outward reasons for her problems, they did some x-rays and it turned out she had hip dysplasia very badly in both hips.  I'd never even heard of dysplasia and he told me that basically our options were surgery on both hips that may or may not work, and that since it was so bad at so young it probably wouldn't last forever, and that that surgery and aftercare could run us into the tens-of-thousands of dollars range OR we could make her as comfortable as possible with medication for the rest of what would unfortunately be a short pain-free life.  I asked the doctor what he would do if it was his pet, because we were willing to pay but wanted to do what would be best for her, and he said he'd choose the latter, maker her comfortable, and put her down when the time was right.  He didn't have to do that - he could have gotten that money out of us, but he cared for the animal more than the money.
5	We searched for quite awhile before finding a vet we loved in the Henderson area.  The vet here is fabulous!  She truly loves all animals and is just amazing with our 1 yr old dog.  Very knowledgeable, friendly , and caring.  She takes the time to answer all your questions, etc. and is extremely patient.  I also love how she actually sits on the floor when she comes in and spends time saying "hi" and petting our dog.  All the other staff are also incredibly friendly and nice.
5	Now reopened. Love this Vet. The day after the appointment we got a call to make sure everything was ok. We got a post card in the mail telling us our dog was due for a shot. Front desk is very helpful and nice. I very much recommend this place.
5	Great Vet for your pet! I worked close so i chose to bring my dog here when we moved out here. The dog got suddenly ill and Dr Tawny(spelling) went out of her way at all times of the day and night to do whatever was needed.We have a few more four legged kids and continue coming here. they all talk and play with your pet upon arrival which nakes it a more comfortable experience for pet and owner.They also board animals and the staff walks the dogs on a regular basis. The whole staff is super friendly!! I have and will continue to recomend this buisness to others.
5	I had just moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, so I had NO previous experience with ANY vets in Nevada. I have had to euthanize many pet cats in my lifetime, but I have never witnessed a vet actually crying while prep'ing for the event. What a wonderful, caring doctor is Dr Tawny Schlesener. We worked together to try to figure out a way to make the experience livable, for Chuck (the cat) and ourselves. She came thru with many options, but ultimately it had to be done. If I ever get another cat, I'll be back for her services. Don't go anywhere else.
5	BEST VET EVER!!!! Dr. Tawny is sooo incredible! She is extremely intelligent and truly cares for both the animals she cares for and their owners. Her kindheartedness, expertise, knowledge and proficiency are superior to any veterinarian in Clark County. If you love your pet and will only settle for the greatest care possible, you will see Dr. Tawny at Green Valley Animal Hospital. Another bonus: Green Valley Animal Hospital's prices are lower than any other veterinarians office which I called. In summary, Dr. Tawny provides unmatched service that won't break the bank.
5	I have been quite pleased with my experiences here over the past 2.5 years.  GVAH is waaaaaaaaay out of my way to drive, but I'm in it for the long haul.  Found them through the GSD rescue group (from whom I adopted my dog).  Mina is pretty terrified of everything about going to the vet's office, but Dr. Tawny has a great (dog)bedside manner.  She is great with my big baby of a dog, and I am nothing but pleased with her as my choice of vet!I have found the treatments and checkups to be extremely reasonably priced, and I never have trouble getting an appointment.  Everyone there is very helpful and friendly.
1	Do NOT board your pets here because THEY WILL LOSE THEM!!!!My friend and I came to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend and she had to bring her dog Crusher, with us since no one could watch him back home in the Bay Area. She decided to board him here at Green Valley because she used their services before when she used to live in the area. We dropped him off before the weekend and when we came back to pick him up on Monday morning around 11:30, they told us they LOST Crusher around 9:00am when they took him for a morning walk. Somehow he slipped out of his harness and leash... I do not understand how that is possible. Crusher is a chihuahua/daschund mix, so he is a small dog, but the harness fit him perfectly. If he were to slip out, wouldn't the person walking him feel him tugging and struggling to escape? Somehow their story of him just simply escaping his leash made no sense to us. It seems very likely that whoever was walking him was not even paying attention to what Crusher was doing at the time...They said they had been searching for him for the past two hours but had no luck. We were speechless... We darted out the doors and began searching for him ourselves for the next 5 hours. The staff insisted they were helping us find him but we barely saw anyone out there during the search. I mean, if I worked at that facility and lost someone's pet, I would not stop searching until I found it! They argued that they couldn't keep watch all day because they had a lot of things to do at the hospital as well, which is understandable, but they should have at least had someone out there helping us search for Crusher. They were the ones responsible for losing him, yet they were finding excuses to not be on top of the search. Later on we were told that Crusher was not lost at 9:00am, but instead he was lost at 7:45am. Regardless of what time he was lost, why wasn't his owner informed RIGHT AWAY?? They should have called her the moment he slipped from their fingers! If they called her sooner, we would have been able to head over there right away and search for him. Maybe we would have found him sooner if he heard his mom's voice pleading for him to return... Were they even planning on calling her to give her the bad news? We had to come in to the hospital for them to even mention he was gone..So after searching for many hours, we decided to stay in Vegas for one more night just in case he was found. Tuesday morning arrived and there was still no news regarding Crusher's whereabouts. That morning we went back to Green Valley. They gave us a list of numbers and addresses of different shelters in the area. We called and visited a few of them trying to find him but still, no luck. Then at 1:30 someone called Green Valley saying they thought they spotted him around Sunset and Valle Verde. We immediately went to the area to find him, searched for hours, and still wasn't able to locate him.. Again, we didn't see ANYONE from the hospital helping us search for him. Time was running out and we had to return to San Francisco soon. We headed back to Green Valley and spoke to them about how disappointed we were that no one was helping us search. We had to head back home to San Francisco and we were worried that no one would bother to look for him once we were gone... They assured us they would not stop searching until they found him. That evening, we had to leave without Crusher. My friend was so worried about his current condition. It was so hot.. Was he dehydrated? Did he get hit by a car? Did anyone find him and take him in as their own pet? Endless questions but no answers.She posted a lost and found ad on Craigslist with a picture of Crusher and where he was last seen. After we arrived home, she kept receiving e-mails from people saying they saw a dog like him around the CVS Pharmacy. She continued to call Green Valley to tell them to look for him there. They said they were looking but couldn't find him. It took one of her friends who used to live with her to drive all the way from Southern California to that CVS Pharmacy in Henderson to finally find Crusher. Amazingly, he was able to locate Crusher right away. Crusher recognized his voice and followed him. Although he is malnourished, he is alive and will reunite with his owner very soon!!Somehow we feel that Green Valley did not follow through with what they promised. Yes, they posted up fliers and called local animal shelters, but we feel like Crusher could have been found sooner if they had searched harder. And this whole situation could have been avoided if the person walking him was paying attention in the first place. So, I do apologize for this long long review. But I want people to be aware of what happened. If it happened to one dog, it can happen to yours.
1	We recently moved to the Henderson area and received a welcome postcard from GVAH for a free bath and $25 in veterinary services.  We got taken TWICE!  We tried to redeem the $25 when we brought in our dog and were told it didn't apply.  Frustrating, but  we decided to save the card for next time and give them another try  We called a month later for a grooming.  When we came to pick up our dog, we were unable to use the free bath unless veterinary services are received.  The job was not complete. Our dog was still wet and not brushed out.
5	Green Valley Animal Hospital is wonderful!  The staff are all very friendly.  After the negative experience at the other vet I commented on, GVAH was the quintessential oppsite!  Our pets love the staff and GVAH is reasonably priced.  Dr. Rose is awesome.  2 months ago, we unexpectedly had to take our geriatric pup in and later learned she'd had some sort of stroke forcing us to make a decision we weren't really prepared for at the time.  The whole staff and Dr, Rose were all very gentle with our 14-year-old pup as we had to say good-bye to our beloved Zoie.  Since then, we've used GVAH several times for our brood of pets and always been very satisfied with Dr. Rose and the staff there.
5	I had to bring my sick kitty into this vet and everyone was great.  I was extremely upset and everyone I encountered was so caring and sympathetic.  I believe the doctor I saw was Dr. Jensen and she explained everything to me in terms I could understand and never pushed any services on me like some vets like to do.  I went to another vet and they wanted $300 plus for bloodwork and this vet only charged me $100.  The exam was $40, which I didn't think was too bad.  The office and exam rooms are very clean.  They do allow walk ins (this is what I did) and for being a walk in, my wait wasn't that long at all.  They are open on the weekends which is an added plus.  Highly recommend!
5	they are the best.  inexpensive and caring.
5	Still five stars!  The vet actually called me the next day to see how my kitty was doing.  A++++++++++++++
5	After moving to the east-side of Vegas and leaving our trusted west-side veterinarian, we spent a lot of time asking pet owners where they took their dog for vet care.  Green Valley Animal Hospital got the best word of mouth.  One Yelp check later (where we saw most visitors ranked the place with 5 stars) and we decided to give Green Valley Animal Hospital a chance.  A few visits later and we're big fans.  The doctors have a great way with our dogs.  And Green Valley Animal Hospital seems to only have a few vets working there, which I think is great.  That way, the doctor can get to know the little issues with each animal.  On our last two visits, we've seen Doctor Rose and she's been great.  One of our dogs is a nervous creature in any new space or when meeting new people and she recognized that right off the bat from his shaking.  She suggested that we keep a hand on him or pet him to keep him calm while he got his shots.  If the shaking didn't stop, she offered to take the dog into the back room.  The pup got through everything fine, but it was a nice touch for the doctor to notice the shaking, address it with the owner, and offer an alternative.   On top of the nice touch with the animals, the staff is super fast.  Every time we've been there for shots or a check up, it's basically been in and out.  Huge points for that.  And Green Valley Animal Hospital's pricing is a big draw.  They're completely reasonable.
5	I've been taking my dog to GVAH since he was 8 weeks old, for about 2.5 years now. I've been completely happy the whole time! Both vets are so nice and totally understand the "pets as kids" thing. They are very calm and are open to questions any time. Walk-ins are welcome and there is rarely  a wait more than 5-10 minutes, even on the weekends. All of their shots are $10 and the rest of their prices are very reasonable. I love these vets and won't take my dog anywhere else!
5	My first experience with Green Valley Animal Hospital was in April 2011 when my 16 year old border collie was nearing the end of her life. With GVAH so close to our home, and Midnight's regular vet so far, I walked into GVAH to ask if they made house calls. Midnight was in more pain than usual and I feel that she was trying to tell her family that she was ready to go. The receptionist was very compassionate and said yes, the vets do house calls. The next day, Dr. Rose and her assistant came to our home. Midnight was laying down in the back yard with me, while the rest of the family stayed close. We were all able to give Midnight her last kisses and hugs in the comfort of our big, green back yard. She passed in peace. Dr. Rose and her assistant were empathic, and I could not have asked for anyone else to have been there. GVAH uses Pet Cremation Services for their patients who pass, and I will say-- making a long story short-- that I would never think of using another. Sherry at PCS was very compassionate with the plethora of keepsakes she delivered with Midnight's ashes. I felt like Midnight was respected from the time she was carried from our backyard to the time we brought her ashes home. Thank you!Several months later, my fiance and I decided our hearts were ready to rescue a couple of new puppies. It was a no-brainer that we would want Green Valley Animal Hospital to care for them. Fast forward a little while after their adoption, and we are now temporarily fostering two dogs that belong to our friend. Isaac and Gandhi (the pups) & Tank and Einstein (the big dogs) all love going to GVAH. Our several experiences so far have been wonderful (with now having met and worked with both Dr. Fenner and Dr. Rose), and I cannot imagine ever going to another veterinary office.
5	We only trust our three dogs to these fantastic vets. They are reasonably priced, very knowledgable, and clearly very good with our fur-kids. We have to drive 25 minutes to get there, but worth every minute.
5	During my recent visit to Las Vegas our doggie needed to see a vet.  Since our usual vet was so far away I turned to my trustworthy source to get me to the right place. And to the right place my fellow Yelpers got me.  For that I thank you and am now paying it forward by writing this review. Green Valley Animal Hospital is AWESOME!!  Dr. Rose is AMAZING.  She was patient, knowledgeable and kind. The same can be said about their techs and staff.  I didn't feel like they pushed any unnecessary services or good on us. Their offices are very clean and comfortable for both pet and us.  Ample parking and easy to get to. YES they are right down the street from the Ethel M Factory.  I'm so glad to have found Dr. Rose and GVAH.  They will be the first place we go to should the need arise.
5	I had the unfortunate experience of losing my beloved Simba recently and I feel like they handled the situation well.  The staff was kind of stand offish, but I would be the same exact way when dealing with a grieving pet owner, and I am sure that part of their job is super tough.  Plus, I am sure they don't want a mess all over their scrubs from a stranger.  About a week and a half later, I received a sympathy card with the signatures and little notes from the entire staff.  I appreciate everything this hospital did to save my baby, since they knew how much he meant to me.   I am getting another cat in the future and will definitely be returning.
4	Dr. Rose is awesome.  And if I still lived on this side of town, my furball would still be coming to see Dr. Rose.  She has a great bedside (kennel-side?) manner with the dogs, and she gave off this vibe of tranquility when relaying news about my furball's health.  Dr. Rose has been the only vet that my dog has actually been excited to see, so kudos to her for being some sort of dog-whisperer.  The staff, from reception to vet techs, were also very pleasant.  Reception held down the fort and had things running smoothly, even on super early Saturday mornings when the doors were first opening.  Again, if I lived over on this side of town, my dog would be seeing Dr. Rose at Green Valley Animal Hospital.
5	We started taking our cat to GVAH in early 2011. We initially saw Dr. Rose, who was wonderful, but started seeing Dr. Fenner late last year during an emergency. Can I just say: Dr. Fenner is awesome! She got us through a big scare with a tremendous amount of care and compassion, and she must have answered a million questions and concerns as my husband and I morphed into crazy pet parents. Other vets might not have been so kind, but she got it: we love our cat, this was a huge deal for us, and we were *terrified*. Even during routine visits, Dr. Fenner always listens and thoughtfully answers all of our questions and concerns. And she has a great way with our cat--kitty even snuggled up to her after an exam one time. I can't say enough good things about Dr. Fenner. She knows her stuff, she seems to genuinely care about our cat, and she takes the time to keep us informed--it's the perfect combo.Overall, GVAH is an A+ vet experience. I feel like they've really made an effort to build a practice that offers kindness, compassion, and solid expertise. The staff is also great, and scheduling is always quick and easy. Oh, and they have a separate waiting area for cats and dogs, which is extremely helpful when you have an unhappy cat in a crate. Plus, the prices are very reasonable. The communications they send out are also very good if you choose to sign up. I just wish we'd found them earlier!
5	Great staff, always friendly and knowledgeable. Their prices are fair as well and I always trust them to take care of my two dogs. They do everything for me with the exception of boarding because I haven't needed services for that. I really appreciate all that they do, and for taking great care of my "other" kids! Thank you! Penny and Zoey!
5	Super friendly! Accepts walk-ins. The grooming was cheap. I think the vaccinations for my dog were reasonably priced. If I lived out in Vegas I would go here all the time, I was just picking my dog up from my grandparents (they kept her for me while I was in a move)
5	Dr. Rose and the entire staff at this vet are amazing!  They treat our puppy like she is their own, they follow-up a few days after a visit to just say hi, how is she doing.  You don't find that everywhere, and it is so huge when you are relying on them for everything.
5	I love them. I love them, I love them, I love them. My first experience was when there was an unfortunate grooming incident (I'm not sure who was more traumatized...me or the cat). I walked right in, in tears, falling apart at the seams and not only did they confidently reassure me that she would be okay, they cared for her, stitched her back up and called immediately when she was ready to come home. The doctor was very informative and friendly, and every one of the staff members was kind, understanding and provided such amazing service to me.We always get the same cat groomed at GVAH because we know she is in good hands and she actually likes them. She hates going into the car, but once they pick her up she is cool, calm and collective. I know that she must be in good hands because she never tries to struggle when they come to get her and she purrs when they come into the room and pet her.The cost of shots? A quarter of what they were in IL back in Chicago. Plus, great service and a friendly staff to boot! All three of our cats (yes, I'm a borderline crazy cat lady)go to GVAH for everything. We just got our accidentally purchased kitten (she's so cute)spayed at GVAH and no hassle. They told us exactly what she would be like, what to do, what everything should look like, etc. Fully prepared with a phone number in case anything arises of concern. Nothing of concern arose because my kitten was back in action in no time, they gave us pain medicine in easy to use kitty syringes and truly made the entire experience easy and relaxing for us, the owners, and our kitten Balvenie (named after quite a delicious Scotch). If you go here, you will be comforted by the entire staff that your fur baby is in safe hands. I LOVE them and you will too.
5	I wouldn't go anywhere else.  They are fantastic.
3	I miss Dr. Tawny!  They are affordable, and the staff have always been very nice and helpful.  Last time i was there though, the vet ( i dont want to mention name) looked over my dog who seemed to have been having some sort of skin reaction that caused him to have A LOT of bumps all over him.  She BARELY looked at him and suggested a medicated bath.  3 days later, my dog was back and she shaved him in spots and finally looked at bumps closer, and still no answer.  Thankfully after antibiotics my dog is getting better, but i just wish a little more would have been done.Plus side:Friendly staffGreat with animalsALWAYS cleanGood price
5	I love this place....and so does my puppy. She is so excited when we go there bc the staff is so good to her. Dr. Fennel is so caring and patient for this puppy owner with lots of questions. After a recent visit, they called to check on my puppy, something no other clinic has done. They also sent her a birthday card. It's all those little things that set them apart, but their care is exceptional as well. I highly recommend taking your furry friend here.
5	Had to take my neighbors cat to see Dr. Rose. The cat was in a fight  with some other cat and had bitemarks on his back which were already infected. Dr. Rose came to see the patient and a few mintues later Kitty was taken care of. Dr Rose and the staff of Green Valley Animal Hospital are passionate about their work. I trust them fully with all my "children".
5	Amazing veterinary office! I'm generally a pretty tough critic since I essentially grew up in my dad's vet clinic. This place is super clean, everyone is super competent, and the prices have been nearly shocking in their affordability.I have two cats and a dog. I brought in all three for yearly shots and got one of the cats microchipped, and the total was just over $100. I couldn't believe it. My youngest boy kitty got neutered, and even being cryptorchid (one testicle undescended) it was less than  $150. I think the big difference here is that they don't seem to charge an office visit fee, which can be outrageous, so the prices get knocked down in general. Or maybe they get grants from the county or something for low cost spays and neuters. I don't know, but I hope they keep it up. I hope they don't raise prices after seeing everyone so excited about their low prices, because here's the thing-- I might have waited a few months to do vaccines if I'd had to pay as much as I'd expected (which in San Diego at big box vaccine clinics is at least 70 per animal). I definitely would've waited on the neuter. WHEN VET PRICES ARE REASONABLE AND AFFORDABLE, PEOPLE GET THEIR PETS VETTED. I have a feeling that this team knows that.I've seen Dr. Rose, Dr. Fenner, and Dr....Anderson, maybe? Johnson? Youngish muscly guy. All of them are fantastic, so unless you really have a preference, take whoever's available. Front staff very friendly and VERY efficient (thank you!).Another bonus- unless your fur baby is having surgery, it's a walk-in clinic. Why doesn't every vet do this?Go here!
5	I do admit that I miss Dr. Tawny, but Dr. Rose is still a wonderful vet.  These guys are GREAT!  Very professional, caring, thoughtful and competent.  We are a Great Dane family, and these guys are exceptional dealing with our monstrous pets.  Our most recent Dane is over 200 pounds, and even when he was a 2 year old puppy, with all the frenetic energy that comes with that, the Techs still got down and played with him while he was waiting to see the Doc to get his shots.  Several times we've had scares with one or another Dane getting on top of the fridge or into a cabinet and eating something they shouldn't (there is no good hiding place from a dog that size.)  Even at 2 in the morning you can call and they will tell you if you need to take the dog into emergency or what to look out for if it isn't as serious.  When our 14 year old Dane started succumbing to kidney failure, she was too sick to get out of her bed and too big for us to carry to the car.  She was in so much pain she couldn't eat or drink anything and it was heartbreaking to watch her lie there, knowing that she was going to suffer for 36 hours before the dehydration finally killed her.  (Such an AWFUL way to die.)  Dr. Rose and a couple of the Vet Techs took time out of their evening (at 8:00 on a Friday night) to come to our home and put her down humanely, and then remove the body for cremation.  They were so incredible and comforting in our very difficult time.  They even sent us a hand written card signed by every member of the staff giving us their condolences.  Dr. Rose and the staff at GVAH will always have my business.  Their Excellent customer service, affordable prices, and compassionate care have earned my family as customers for life.
5	I woke up to my dog vomiting on my bedroom floor one morning about 6 times, and noticed the rubber booties he ate 6 days prior were coming up. I took him over to the 24hour Animal Emergency Center on Pecos and Patrick and then over to GVAH after they opened. We immediately saw Dr. Anderson, and he advised they'd have to do emergency obstruction surgery.  Dr. Anderson took my dog right back, and advised the cost of everything that would be done, from sedation, to surgery itself, to medications after, boarding, etc.  The entire staff here is super friendly, and when my dog came out of surgery that day, Dr. Anderson called to advise how it went, how my dog was doing, and that I should be able to pick him up the next day. The next day, they called me first thing in the morning to advise his condition again and what time I could pick him up. They even called 2 days after that to check on him again.  I love this place, the staff is really friendly and caring. The hospital offers other services besides medical care as well, such as boarding, and grooming.  Well done GVAH! We love you!
5	LOVE Them!!!!!!  I have been taking my dog to GVAH for many years ( and I can honestly say that I have never had a bad experience.  My dog is handicapped and he normally sees Dr. Rose (After Dr. Tawny left) but all the vets there along with all the staff know my little guy.  I think they know him better than they know me!  LOL This is the only place I trust to board my dog!  They know my dog and take very good care of him!  I can't say enough good things about this place or the staff.  I appreciate them all so much.  Thanks everyone for treating my little guy as if he were your own.  I know he gets all the love and attention and the BEST care possible when he is in your hands.
5	We have been going to Dr Rose for years she is honest, kind and loving! Our dog is our baby and I trust Dr. Rose with her. The staff is kind and helpful. They always call to check up on Toto after a visit to ensure she is doing good.I love the fact that I can just show up without a appointment for the little things Toto needs!
5	I took my puppy for the first time here and what an amazing place. The girls in the front were friendly and you can tell how much they love pet. Amanda and Stephanie were so nice. Dr. Rose was extremely sweet and explained everything to me. I seriously could not be happier. Thanks for all the hard work and for taking care of my puppy.
5	What a great place this is!  I transferred my pets care here after a bad experience somewhere else with a recommendation from a vet-rep. I brought my dog in after tearing her silly dew claw and the fixed her right up without any problems!  Sami is a very skittish rescue pet and I was worried she would bite but all the staff were great with her!  And, it is very clean, friendly and properly staffed too.
5	When we first started going to GVAH, we were seeing Dr. Tawny, we loved her and were really sad to see her go. It seems that there is a large turnover of young, just starting out vets and it is has been hit and miss for us since then. Then we started seeing the one Dr. that has been there since the beginning, Dr. Rose. Dr. Rose is compassionate, always returns my calls, and even took the time to answer an email with a lot of questions (and she answered the same day). She is not afraid to let us know that she is consulting with specialists, which I absolutely appreciate because not only do I get her expertise, but I get the expertise of the specialists. If she doesn't have the answer to a question, she will find out and get it for me. The staff is great also, I have had such a great relationship with Amanda, who hugged me when I was hysterical when one of my kitties had to be euthanized. Lastly, I am disabled, and my husband has been out of work for awhile, so we always try to get the most for our money, and the prices at GVAH are as fair as I have come across in my 35 years of pet ownership.
5	Great service. Friendly staff who made us feel comfortable coming to a new vet we've never seen before. Dr Moore is friendly and casual.
5	We needed a place to get our kitty Sadie spayed and we had heard many good things about the GVAH. We picked Dr. P as our Vet! She is so knowledgeable and friendly. All the nurses are also very helpful and friendly. You can tell they really care about the animals. Sadie is now recovering from her operation. Dr. P did a wonderful job. She gave her internal stitches so we do not have to return. She also prescribed her some kitty pain meds which I thought was wonderful! My kitties are my babies and I totally trust Dr. P and her staff with my cats. She even said she would see our guinea pigs if they need any help! They have affordable prices, but they do not bill! It is also very clean and sterile. GVAH has plenty of staff, but needs a few more patient rooms. That would be my only gripe is I had to wait a while to get into a room so they could bring Sadie to me after her operation. But not even that big of deal. The Dr. and staff make up for it ten fold! I will for sure recommend them to anyone with a pet and will be bringing back my other cat Sam for a check-up and booster shots.
5	Great staff, and very reasonable prices. I consistently bring my dogs to this vet, simply because their staff is so friendly and knowledgeable. Dr. Rose is the best - one of the most well-informed vets I have met!
5	Since we moved to Vegas we have been taking our dog here and it's been great. Reasonable prices and helpful staff. However, what prompted this review was one of the new vets, Dr.Moore. Our dog was a stray,  he's skittish and prone to panicking. Dr.Moore was absolutely amazing with him. Teddy only came in for a shot, yet Dr.Moore sat in the room with us for quite a while so he could get more comfortable and relaxed. We mentioned having problems trimming his nails and when he took him back he did that for us too ( at no extra charge )!! With six months heart worm meds and the shot, plus taking up so much of the drs time we still left paying only $68. Dr. Moore gave us some great recommendations and he very clearly loves and has a plethora of patience for animals. I have been to plenty of vets from the northeast to miami to here and haven't found one like this. I don't think I could recommend this place more, especially Dr.Moore and the great vet tech we had, Caryn.
5	I recently moved back to the area after living a few years out of state, and I'd decided to look for a new veterinarian because my last one here had begun to nickle and dime me before my move.  I'd hoped to find a doctor before I needed one, but an urgent medical issue struck and I was left searching for someone via reviews through Yelp and Google.  I'm glad I went with Green Valley Animal Hospital.Dr. Habermehl was very reasonable, giving me a realistic look at my options and treating my cat as well as she could with all factors considered.  I ended up needing to come in twice, once because Kadie had developed sudden and severe vomiting and diarrhea (which turned out to be the result of an overdose of catnip), and again when she went three days without a bowel movement.  During the initial visit, Dr. Habermehl suggested I leave Kadie overnight to ensure she got the supervision and fluids she needed, and I thought, "Here we go; welcome back to Vegas, where everyone is looking to make a buck off you."  However, when I returned, Dr. Habermehl did a thorough exam and suggested we wait 24 hours before taking action to treat the lack of bowel movement.  Luckily, Kadie's problem had resulted from the diarrhea--which had emptied her system and caused a natural delay in her normal litter habits--and she did indeed return to her regular schedule by that evening.  I was not charged for that visit, which tells me that this doctor does have my pet's well being as a priority.I would recommend Green Valley Animal Hospital to pet guardians looking for honest, reasonable veterinary care.
4	Great place for doggie vaccines and a little expensive on medicines. but it balances out. quick and easy.
5	We are so glad to bring our cat Jager here. Our last visit with Seven Hills Animal Hospital gave us the impression that our cat might be seriously ill. Here the vet was concern for his heart murmur but informed us the testing might be too invasive, and we should just come back for his yearly check up noting the murmur (it's stage 3). We came here because our cat recently had a little trouble breathing. Like he was a little wheezy and it freaked us out (especiallly because Seven Hills implied the urgency of the testing). I love this place. They had separate doors for cats & dogs and Dr was so sweet. Jager wasn't freaked out (he was very skittish at Seven Hills) at all and kept on roaming around out of curiosity. I'm happy she didn't imply our cat was dying and perhaps he was just suffering from allergies. They also didn't push to change his food. Even if they did I am feeding his good quality food as it is. I think this is the best place to take cats and kitties. They answered all of our questions very well and even wished Jager a Happy Birthday!UPDATE:Our cat was having horrible stomach pains and was not eating/drinking. We decided to do an after hours/emergency visit. We were surprised they were able to do the testing/evaluation in a few hours. Overall they diagnosed our Jager properly and gave us enough medication and special food.  Thanks again for such a wonderful service!
4	We saw Dr. Moore today.  It was very apparent that he became a vet because of his love for animals.  My dog can be skittish in new situations, Dr. Moore spent several minutes letting my dog get to know him.  The cost of an office visit was the same as my previous vet ($42), their surgical estimate was a little higher though.  If you are just getting vaccinations with no need for an office visit, they don't charge for the office visit, just the vaccines.  They do take your dog in back though for treatment, I'm never sure how I feel about this, but I'm sure it's much less stressful on pets with nervous humans.Overall this was a nice experience for me and my dog, we will go back.
5	I recently moved to Henderson and was in need of a new vet to get my 2 rabbits nailed trimmed.  I found GVAH and they have been fantastic.  They always have availability and the exotic vet is amazing!  I asked them about doing a neuter on my one rabbit and got it done this week and he has recovered just fine.  She is well-educated on rabbits and could answer all of my questions.  I would highly recommend this vet for their superior timely and cost effective service.
5	One of the best animal hospitals I've been to over the last 10 years. My dog just turned 19 and you cannot imagine the health complications that comes with a dog that old. It would take forever for me to just list all the things I've had to bring my dog here for. So here is a highlight of why I love this place: - Staff is always friendly. I mean, consistently friendly, which is not something you'd get from other hospitals- Boarding: Not the most lavish place to leave your pet but, this is probably the only place I would trust to leave my dog. They walk the dogs twice a day, follow whatever feeding schedule you give (I gave some ridiculous feeding schedules before). Most importantly, I can trust them to properly medicate my dog and watch for his medical conditions. Also, my dog boards for about $15 a night, which is pretty affordable compared to some other places. - The doctors really care: I once brought my dog here, with tears running down my face, thinking "this is it, this is the time i'm going to have to put my dog down." Turns out that wasn't the case. I just remember that, after treating my dog, Dr. Rose took the time to ask me how I was doing and explain to me what to do/expect when the time actually come. - For someone on a student budget: (1) They never charge for follow ups! (2) for expensive medications, the staff once called around to several compounding pharmacies to find the best price for me. (3) They once provided financial support when I had no money to pay for my dogs surgery.When I first brought my dog to Green Valley Animal hospital three years ago, I didn't think my dog would live till today. He was miserable, losing weight and eating less and less each day. But the staff at this hospital was able to diagnose him and help my manage his condition. It took a few surgeries, some trial-and-error with his diet, and a lot more money than I should have spent. But it was all worth it, because my dog is health, happy, and as playful as ever.
5	I want everyone to know how amazing this veterinary hospital is. My 9 week old pomeranian puppy was clinging to life due to malnourishment and irresponsible breeder treatment. Green Valley not only saved his life but was honest and offered affordable care. Without their help, I don't know if I could have afforded to keep him alive. Every single vet in this hospital is truly caring about animals and people. This is one of the few places that isn't in it for the money or will try to manipulate you and they should be recognized. The staff is caring and kind and no matter what doctor you get, your pet is in amazing hands. If I could give 10 stars I would, and I wouldn't take my animals any where else!
5	I love this place! Took my cat in because I thought something was really wrong with her. Ended up just being cat acne! I went to dr. Rose she was super nice. My appointment was at 9:30 and I left by 10:20. They have my cat two shots that she needed (10$ each) and shaved her back area down for me. All together I paid 77$. I'm not complaining they did a great job and that's a very cheap price for a vet. I will be coming back soon with my other cat. :)
5	We are so happy with GVAH!! We just moved here and we're nervous finding a good place to bring our pups. They did by disappoint!! So friendly and the prices cannot be beat!!
5	Very friendly front office staff, almost always close to on time (I am operating under the assumption that nobody in any type of medical-type environment ever runs right on time), reasonable prices, same-day and next-day appointments available. Overall very pleased with the service every time I come.
5	We took our doggies here for 6 years, even long after we moved away from the neighborhood. It was a longer drive to get our dogs taken care of after we moved away from the Green Valley area but well worth it since Dr. Rose, Dr. Moore, Dr. Habermehl (sp?) are all so kind, caring and great about working around our schedules. One one or two occasions we had to get medications or seek service at other vet offices that were closer to our house and it was significantly more expensive and the office hours were less convenient. As a side note: the front desk staff here is quite competent as well. I feel like that's an often overlooked factor when considering a veterinary practice.We just moved out of state for our jobs and will greatly miss Green Valley Animal Hospital!! Those of you in Las Vegas are lucky to have this option.
5	Really like this place. Changed to them when I got a new puppy and have been very pleased.  They are priced right and take good care with my dogs.  If the dog has an issue I get a call the next day to see how they are doing.  Very happy with them!
5	Been going here for years, I don't live anywhere close to this location but they are worth the drive. I have two Golden Retrievers (Yo-Shee & Rex) They are always happy to see the vet! Never a bad experience. The staff is very kind.The prices for vaccinations are amazing!
3	I brought it to their attention that our medication had the wrong expiration date (making it expired 4 months ago) & they had the worse attitude with us.. I work in a doctors office, & if that ever happened to us, I would never treat the patients like that and would be more apologetic about it. Horrible horribleDoctor rose is awesome though,  but unfortunately I'm gonna need to reconsider looking for a new clinic cause this experience was just horrible Experience earlier was good though, they were welcoming when we were there but when I called them about this, they were totally sour about it.
5	The best veterinary hospital I've ever been to. I have a very skittish chihuahua who hates strangers and shakes in public (but I swear she's the most loving thing ever), and every time we go there which has been quite a few times the last few years due to her getting older, I bring her in and she's a little scared but they take her to the back and when she comes back out she's happy with her tail wagging and licking the vet. I've never thought that was even possible! I know that she is always in good hands there.I've had many vets throughout the years, the first was Dr. Rose and I don't know if she is still there but the last 2 times have been with 2 male vets and they have been lovely as well. It is never a good thing having to drop off your dog for surgery but she came out happy and healthy and that's all I could ever ask for.I've never really known how much vet costs are on average, and I've always felt it was pretty standard when I went there (being a poor college student), but now that I've moved back to California and shopping around prices here, GVAH is AMAZING. I cannot even believe how much the quotes I'm getting from other vets here. What's also nice is they give you a call before/after the appointment to check up on your pet, they send you cute reminder notices of when their shots are due next, and they even have promotions sometimes on certain procedures. Obviously I love them.
5	Jammer had torn a toenail off and lost a lot of blood when I discovered him in a bloody mess yesterday morning. I hadn't needed medical attention for either of my Quaker parrots in over 15 years. They are very hardy birds. A quick Google search showed that Green Valley Animal Hospital specializes in treating birds. Friendly staff answered my call and suggested that I bring him in immediately for treatment. Upon arrival, we briefly filled out preliminary paperwork and were escorted to an examination room. Momentarily, Dr. Moore joined us and began the exam on Jammer. He shared that his own feathered friend passed at age 20 and I could tell he had compassion for birds. After trimming nails, beak and flight feathers we were on our way with every reassurance that Jammer would be okay. The clinic was clean, the staff friendly, service was prompt, plus Dr. Moore was both professional and compassionate.
3	My dog has had a couple of seizures in the past, but we have just been monitoring him because they have been spaced over a month apart. When he had several within days of each other, I called GVAH to ask them what I should do - should I bring him in emergently? first thing in the morning? bring him in if he has one more? just keep watching him and just let the doctor know what's been going on at the next regular visit?  I had never been in this situation before so I was just looking for some guidance.The girl who answered the phone replied, "We can't tell you whether or not to bring your pet in, that's entirely up to you." Now I get tired of people comparing their pets to children because it's obviously not the same thing, but imagine if your child was sick and you called the doctor and their office gave you that reply. I told the girl on the phone, "well, could you please ask the vet that's there today what he or she would recommend?" She put me on hold, then came back and said yes, they do recommend I bring him in.I ended up taking him to the vet near my parents' house since I am home for the holidays and I didn't want to wait until after Thanksgiving to bring him in. They did some tests and prescribed him medication. I will continue to use GVAH as my regular vet because I have been pleased with their service in the past (see my previous 5-star review!). Their history of great service was another reason I was so shocked at their response to my query. I might re-upgrade to them to a 4-star review after several more encounters, but right now, I am so disappointed with the front office staff.
3	One could say that dog ownership is not necessarily my forte considering that it has been rather been on multiple occasions. The story this time is that my dog was adopted at the Henderson Animal Shelter nearby my girlfriend's school. Being that her school is right next to this shelter it seemed the most logical thing to do since it also had very positive reviews on Yelp. The pup had a slight cough and the vet told me it could possibly be kennel cough, but to not to worry about it. The only thing they recommended me to do was to check for worms (which they promptly notified me he had none). A few days later the pup stopped eating, wasn't moving well, and the bowels movements ceased to exist. Took him for another visit a few days later (clear across town I might add) and turns out his kennel cough could have developed to either pneumonia or canine distemper. That... sucks, my poor pup.The vet came back into the room with fees costing $700 to $1200 depending on how long he had to stay with the vet. Wow. I was definitely in a shock for that, and honestly could not really afford that, so instead I opted for them to give him antibiotic injections and IV fluids. I took the prescription paper to get pet meds (on average cost $90 total) nearby my house (turns out other vets don't want to take competing clinic's prescriptions, fantastic). Force fed my dog for 3 days and gave him lots of TLC. A month later he's all better, running around pooping and peeing everywhere.While the clinic was definitely professional and prompt with their service I am definitely weary now of trusting a vets medical advice.
