5	Now I'm picky about Thai food. I like traditional Thai. This is definitely the place. The Thai Iced Tea is definitely perfect. I love their Satay....Pineapple friend rice.....curry.....pad thai....thai beef salad....And when I want something hot...they make it hot. Not that gringo hot...It's like they go out of their way to give me food sweats and make me cry like a baby.There's another location on S Rainbow. I haven't tried it yet. But I'm hoping it's the same!!!
5	I was lucky enough to live near Pin-Kaow on Rainbow...food is great there...I always order the lunch special...Beef Thai Salad...is so good...the first time I order...they ask me how spicy I want it....from 1-10....so I thought just to be safe...pick 5...thinking is not going to be too spicy or too mild...I was wrong....I didn't know it will be that spicy.....my lips were burning hot...so from now on...I only pick 1 or 2...so just be careful about how spicy you want your food to be...other than that...Staffs are very friendly ...Prices are great...if you like Thai food...this is a great place to eat..=)
3	The only time this restaurant ever disappoints is when I've ordered from the lunch menu. In fact one dish I can't recall but it had some kind of ground meat in it...(which the menu didn't mention) was downright disgusting. Other dishes like duck curry are a delight. It's not the best thai beef salad I've ever had, but all of the curry dishes and most of the other thai standards are terrific. I love the whole fish and the papaya salad! Beware of spice levels in the salad. Even a 2 is mouth-scorching. While I order the curries and other dishes at 5 or even 6, I stick to 1 on the salads. Take this seriously or you will be on fire!
4	So excited to find a good Thai place semi-near my house.  Just as wonderfully yummy as the other Pin Kaow location and much more centrally located.  The decor isn't quite as nice, but who really cares.  I had excellent spring rolls and green curry with tofu.  Just spicy enough and very flavorful.  Very good service also.Unfortunately, not everyone was as pleased with the restaurant as I was!  This weird lady at the table next to me, eating alone, just had to inform the server that the soup was "nice, but it's not worth 5 dollars".  Then, when the server tried to take something, she said, "Leave that please!"  I then heard her mumble, "Get away from me!  Just get away!".  I don't know what her deal was, but Pin Kaow is not the kind of place that should cause a traumatic dining experience like this!
5	Amazing Thai place. The best in Vegas. Like other reviewers mentioned, the outside looks a bit decrepid, but the interior is a feast for eyes! It is decorated with Thai artwork, has candles lit on each table-cloth adorned table and all of the wait staff is dressed in traditional Thai garb. They play Thai music and serve many traditional Thai alcolohic beers, too. The food is superb, up there with the atmosphere. My favorite is probably Tom Ka Kai soup and tofu and mint entre and mango and sticky rice desert. But, it's hard to choose sometimes, as all of it is extremely delicious! Their curries are good, their salads are out of this world, and the service is excellent. Take out is also offered.Overall, I am glad that I tried this place, despite the unadorned exterior. I recommend it to all who like ethnic places with a bit of flair and much authenticity. Try it out!
4	I'm not a native Las Vegan, but I hit this place each and every time I'm  visiting relatives, or even when I'm in town for business. Yep, I'll drive on over from a conference hotel on the Strip to get my food fix here! Great Thai food and generous portions! I usually order the Cashew Nut Chicken - YUMMY - and my wife typically feasts on a chicken-egg plant dish. I couple my meal with a huge glass of Thai Iced Tea - I wish other Thai restaurants would follow suit and not skimp on the beverages. Absolutely every time I've dined here, the place was crowded, so come by a little before lunch time or dinner time to try to avoid standing in line. What a hidden gem of a restaurant!
4	Well alrighty then Pin kaow has been Yelped already.As it should be.Just had a lunch at #1 (Rainbow @ Lake Mead) there are 3 locations.Welp Yelp. This will be the Thai place in Las Vegas I regular at.So glad to have been turned onto them!!I do recognize it's popularity. And will expect to wait a tad sometimes for a table. Looks like a Take-Out pick up counter (which is off to the right towards the back) does a brisk business!Only 4 Stars? Too many Cell Phones! What is with this town? (But I digress)Perfect....Service.Decor.Portions.Price.Spice.And they Bless you on your departing. I guess thats what it is. Hands together and they bow to you graciously. Very kind gesture.The pending "ring of fire" I'm sure is so worth it following each visit here. Yes I like it spicy.11am - 10pm everyday. Check it out.
5	Thank goodness this place is right around the corner!Awesome Thai food, and their Thai Tea is excellent!  My favorite dish is the seafood soup (can't remember the thai name at the moment) and their catfish delight.  Great to go to during non-peak hours for good service; you can also order to go -- the restaurant isn't that big so you'd probably be better off that way.
3	I'm not the biggest Thai food eater but this place was ok. It didn't really blow my mind. The pad-thai noodles with shrimp, #5 in spicy-ness was good and the green curry with beef, #7 in spicy-ness was not too spicy and I was slightly disappointed. I like the fact that it's close by and I loved their Thai tea. The service was good, they were friendly, and my water glass was always full. They also tried their best to seat everyone asap.
4	Seeing as I am from Chicago, the land of the best Thai food outside of Thailand, I'm a tough customer in Vegas. I am grateful, however, for Pin Kaow and that it's up in the NW where I live. It is located on Rainbow, just across Lake Mead's Best of the West shopping area. The decor is nice, warm and inviting. The staff is polite and very accommodating. In that it is the only good thai place up north, it can get really busy, so I recommend you get there early on weekends. The pad thai is really good as is the Tom Kha soup. yummmmm. If you are longing for the ethnic dining of a city that has a real urban center (notice dig...), ride your chop sticks on over to Pin Kaow. I think you'll thank your sticky rice you did.
4	Pin Kaow doesn't disappoint. The food is good and the service is speedy and attentive. The interior is cool and they keep it ethnic. The food is good. Chicken Pad Thai was tasty as was the Red Curry. There spicy / hotness is actually flavorsome. My GF usually can't hang with a 2 on the Thai hot scale she can hang with a 4 here. Not because it's off but there's a flavor to it.
4	My friend introduced this to me a few months ago and I have to say I thought it was great. It has a great atomsphere. I love the fresh flowers and the fish tank. There is a feeling of peace and calmness about the place. And the food is great!!! I love all the soups and curry. It really works well for my husband since he is not into hot food he can choose the lowest fire level.I'm a return visitor and would recommend this to anyone who likes a treat and without the chaos of a Strip restaurant.
4	From the the outside, it looks kinda dumpy.  The inside isn't bad though!  Their food and prices are good.  Crab Rangoons are my favorite!  They're better than anywhere else.  Pad Thai is good also.  I don't think I've had anything from here I didn't like.
4	Well, all of the reviews are right... this place is the bomb!  After doing some late night shopping at Best Buy, my friends and I thought we'd give Pin-Kaow a try.  Fast service and great food.  Doesn't get much better than that!
4	Step into a quiet, traditionally decorated Thai house where all the servers are dressed in formal Thai clothing, that almost makes me feel naked in jeans and a shirt. My family calls this place the pink cow, but only because we adore it so much. Strap in and buckle down for some spicy soup served in a bowl that is literally on fire (get either the Wor Wonton or the Tom Yum Koong -- though my dad just describes these as the soups with the shrimp and the spicy and the lettuce). Ordered:Chicken Sat Tay -- Delicious! Only comes with four though, might want to get more.Masaman with Tofu, level 6 -- Not that spicy. Could have definitely added a few notches to get a real kick in the face. Chicken BBQ -- I'm not a big fan of this but everyone else gulped it down. I just think it's not spicy enough. Spicy, soup, with the shrimp and the noodle things -- as my dad called it. I have no idea what the waitress brought (I think one of the wonton soups), but it was pretty tasty. The wonton soups don't give you a lot of shrimp so if your taste buds are flamingo-like in tendency you should order the Tom Yum Koong. All very good. Top it off with a Thai Ice Tea that could only be better if someone could figure out how to put alcohol in it. Kahula maybe? Cheers!
3	Ever since we went to Thailand in September, thai food in the states just doesn't seem to measure up. I just moved back to Vegas after being away for a few years. My hubby read the great reviews about this place so we decided to check it out. We got the Masaman and Pad thai, both with Tofu. The Masaman was okay, nice curry flavor, definitely could have gotten it more spicy (6 was too low) especially because it was a fairly sweet (as in taste) dish. The pad thai I thought was disappointing because it was VERY greasy/oily. There was a film all over the plate and you couldn't eat the noodles without getting the oil/grease everywhere. The serve was excellent though. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The thai iced coffee and tea were both good. I just think I'm still on the prowl for my favorite Vegas Thai place.....there was a place I liked when I lived here years ago...I'm going to try to hunt it down!!
4	Yes!  My husband and I are huge Thai food fans, and have a plethora of awesome choices in San Diego, and were very happy to eat here while in Vegas visiting a Vegas local.All the dishes were made well and to order, and the atmosphere was nice and cozy.  I really enjoyed their stipulation on page 1 of the menu that "parents are fully responsible for their children's activities in the restaurant."  This coming ironically after a trip to another Thai restuarant in Vegas and 2 very specific and obnoxious children were running wild through the restaurant.  Uck.The very pretty "silver" container that the side of rice comes in is a nice presentation, but the plastic (?) doesn't keep the rice warm at all :-(Mint chili noodles had a great flavour, but no mint?Spice eggplant was great as always.Service is quick, efficient and helpful.  And they stay open between lunch and dinner hours!!!  (Charge dinner prices).
3	My hubby and I had the lunch special. I don't understand why they serve the main dish with chinese fried rice and egg roll in a thai restaurant. The soup was watered down. With no real fun in it. The pad thai was boring, with no flavor and not spicy at a 9/10. The service was good. The decor was good. It was busy when we went (lunch hour). The thai tea was good.
4	Ok so I give this a four out of five. I was trying so hard to give it a five, but nothing here really blew me out of the water. However this place has good thai food, great service, and a cool atmosphere. I will always come back here and enjoy some curry. This is definitely one of the better ones that I have found around town.
4	My sis and I came to Vegas for the weekend to visit our cousin. We were hungry from shopping at the outlet and wanted some good thai food. Our cousin Mark recommended this place so we thought hey, since he lives here he should know whats good. Walking inside we were greeted and seated right away, at one of the booths against the wall. We came in about 5ish on a saturday, wasn't busy at all. When we got inside there were only 3 tables that were occupied w/less then 5 people seated. Very clean and neatly decorated. This place wasn't pricey at all, and had good food. They have cute china plates that all match. We ordered family style the sweet and sour soup w/shrimp-kinda spicy but couldn't get enough, wonton cream cheese filling-crunchy and delicious, mongolian beef-was ok, fried rice, and pad thai. Overall experience A+, I would come back here again the next time we go to Vegas!
3	Kind of a strange place.  Very charming decor, friendly and responsive wait staff, but the menu has almost as many Chinese selections as Thai.  When you see "Chow Mein" or "Mixed Chinese Noodles with a Thai Sauce" on the menu it makes you wonder.  To be fair, they do have a good selection of curries, but the rest of their menu paled in comparison with other Thai places I've visited.I had the Tom Yum soup, which was simply wonderful and full of lemongrass, mushrooms, and shrimp.  I also had the wide rice noodle with chili, mint, and shrimp (most places call it "drunken noodles"), again, very good and the waiter was helpful in guiding me in selecting a "hot" level.  I also had a Thai beer and finished the meal with mango and sweet sticky rice was was absolutely fantastic.  The wait staff seemed to light up when you actually ordered Thai specialties.I would definitely go here again, but just ignore the Chinese food on the menu.
4	Seriously, some of the best Thai food I've ever had. Come for the lunch specials! It's like $7 and it comes with soup, a fried wonton, and a veggie egg roll. You can choose from like 8 different items I think.For the lunch special, I had the pad thai and the boyfriend got red curry and we shared..The red curry was simply DIVINE. You can choose your spiciness level from 1 - 10. We got 8, which was perfect. Another thing you need to try is the fried ice cream. Nothing like tempura ice cream..the outside fried part reminds me of a churro with a smoother texture.Overall, my experience here was great. The servers are also dressed up in traditional Thai dresses and are very polite.
4	Hands down, the best Thai food I have had in Vegas. So many people have recommended this place, I finally took the time to try it out. I went for lunch during the week and although the place was packed, we were seated almost immediately. The Thai iced tea was yummy, my only regret was not ordering a second one. The waitress took my empty glass and brought me back a water...sniff sniff. The Tom Yum shrimp soup was wonderfully aromatic and perfectly spiced. The spicy mint chicken had the perfect balance of minty spiciness and flavor. The shrimp pad Thai was equally enjoyable. I ordered a spicy level of 8 and it was spicier than expected, but nonetheless delicious. I can't wait to go back!
5	OK, so living in Las Vegas has taken some getting used to.  Especially the whole strip mall thing, which means lack of character to the shopping areas.  So imagine my surprise when looking for a place to have dinner with out of town friends, that we pulled into a parking spot in front of Pin Kaow and walked through the doors and were transported into a beautifully elegant, dining experience.Not only is the restaurant beautiful, the staff is friendly, attentive, dressed in Thai attire.  And the food... OH!  The food.  It's wonderfully delicious!  My party and I had assorted curries and appetizers and nothing disappointed.  My San Diego friend, who is very finicky, LOVED his duck curry and had it again when we returned 3 months later.This is definitely a little ray of sunshine in the land of strip malls.
4	I love this place and it's kind of close to my house so it's even better, this is my staple thai place.  The best deal in vegas for lunch is here, mon-fri 6.99 lunch special.  You get a fried wonton, spring roll and a cup of the soup of the day plus one of like 10 entree choices.  Everything here is delicious and fresh and the people are extremely friendly like most thai joints and thats refreshing compared to the usual crap service you get at most chinese restaurants.  Their pad thai and curries are especially delicious.
5	This is one of my family's favorite restaurants.  We eat here at least once a month.Food - Some of our favorite dishes are the Pad Thai Tofu, Pad See Ew, Spicy Chicken Curry.  For appetizers, we enjoy the Sweet & Sour Cucumbers and the Edamame.  When you order your entree, you tell the waiter how spicy you want your food on a scale from 1-10 with 10 being the spiciest level.  I generally get a 5 or 6.Service - The employee to customer ratio in this restaurant is pretty high.  My guess is that they don't make very much in terms of an hourly wage.  Either way, the service is always good.Will I return?  You bet!
5	5 STARS BY FAR!!! Cream cheese stuffed shrimp, Yellow Chicken Curry, and a Thai Tea! You have to try all 3. Surely you will not be disappointed I guarantee
4	Notwithstanding a previous review, I do go to "10" here...but my taste buds are probably a bit numbed by cigars. Pin-Kaow is a much better than average Thai venue -- the food's great at both lunch and dinner...best of all, it's reasonable.
5	I absolutely adore this place, be it in-restaurant dining or take-out.  They have ample portions of well-spiced Thai dishes or mouth-soothing curries -- and even both at once!  They let you choose the fire level of your dish -- but honestly, if you're a person who likes spice, ask them to make it "Thai spicy" instead of saying 9 or 10.  You'll get the right stuff.They're very prompt with your order and you can pick up in generally 10 minutes.  The ambience in the restaurant lends itself to either groups or perhaps a date night.  One of my favorite restaurants in Summerlin.
5	I went here twice with a group of friends and it reminded me of my time in Asia: Family style dining, attentive servers, abundance of food for a great price...it was about 2 years ago but I hope this hasn't changed.
2	Perhaps the most overrated Thai restaurant in Vegas, Pin Kaow was a disappointment for me.  I ordered the Rad Na (Lad Na).  It was very bland, even with chili added to it.  I tasted my friend's yellow curry, and it was generic with sweetness and no real character or authentic flavor.  The crab rangoon was pretty good, very sweet and fried well.  However, I've had much better Thai food at numerous places in Las Vegas. Prommares kills this place, and even though Thai Grill isn't as good as it used to be, it is still better than Pin-Kaow and is just down the street on Lake Mead and Decatur.  We had to wait 15 minutes outside before we were seated, and we were only seated after we went *back* into the establishment, asked for tables again, and split up our rather large party of 8 people.  The place was packed... with non-asians.  This doesn't always mean anything, but after tasting real authentic Thai food for years at Thai Grill when it was good, I can safely say that the food at Pin Koaw is geared towards Americans who probably don't know the difference.
1	I know I'm swimming upstream here in not loving this restaurant, but, frankly, I think that if you're looking for true Thai food, you can do better. The entrees here are simply too sweet to be authentic. Perhaps if I'd asked to have the meal prepared without extra sugar I might have enjoyed it more. I found the food to be way too sweet, way too sticky, and, even though I ordered the curry hot, way too bland.
5	OOOOHHHHH Man...Oh Man. Some things just don't get sexier than red curry. Red curry paste, coconut milk, Thai chilies, bamboo shoots and chicken with a side or white rice. Really guys, REALLY! SO SO GOOD.  OK I may be getting a head of myself by giving this institution 5 stars with only one visit, but it truly was that freaking good. I wish there was more to say, but there really isn't.  The place was clean, the service was good, price was fair and the red curry was out of this world. When ordering the curry they give you a choice of 1 - 10 on the heat scale, I chose an 8 and it was perfect. I can't wait to go back.
5	Love this place.  One of my two (Lotus of Siam, the other) favorite Thai places in the whole city.  Food is tasty and beautifully prepared.  They do spice on a 1-10 scale and are right on the money.  Not like others where the spices are subtle, here a 7 in spice is solid and did an 8 once and ate t but it was very much at that edge.  Lunch specials are awesome.Its sister restaurant on Eastern has skimpier portions and is good but not great.  Almost every dish Ive eaten there has been spot on.
4	The other Thai Restaurant that I really like. Good proportion of food and the taste is really good.
5	I love this pin kaow! the service is excellent and everyone there is just so nice and more than excited to strike up a conversation or answer your questions. the food is delicious. sooooo spicy! I'm a rebel when I get a 4.....my psycho mother gets 12's and is moving up on the scale (scale of 20 by the way). but give it a shot. everything is delicious and I recommend their Thai iced tea an the fried ice cream for dessert :)
3	Good food fast service. A little bit expensive over all. Every time I have been there the place has been packed. Possibly the best Thai place by my house.
2	This place was a let down and is waaay over hyped. Everything was so bland and there was absolutely no spice to the dishes, even when asking for 10 with 10 being the spiciest. I ordered a thai tea, papaya salad, beef jerky, pad see eww and my buddy ordered a mongolian beef dish. It was nothing to rave about. I wish I could move all my favorite food joints from Cali to Vegas, I'll be such a happy fatty :) I will give this place another try but this time I will order the thai boat noodle soup. My friend, who is also from CA said it was the only one that came close to our shops in CA SO... I will give it another go. This time I will remember to ask for the spiciness to be 15.
3	I have been here many times and usually the food is pretty good although it is never hot enough for us.  Went yesterday and had the seafood curry in young coconut off the specials menu YUM!!! It was really really good although a little pricey.  Also tried the Mint Duck which was OK.  The fish cakes are always good.
4	We've been coming here since it was a little hole-in-the-wall. It's awesome. About the best Thai food in Vegas. Chicken Satay is great. Tom Ka Kai soup is wonderful. All the noodle dishes are great as are the curry entrees. The only complaint is that it's always busy and every once in awhile the service is a bit spotty. Overall, great!
5	Vegas doesn't have much to offer in the way of food, except on the strip. Who wants to go to the strip every night for a meal? This place is amazing. Definitely the best Thai food I have ever had. Every time I walk out of there I just rave about how amazing my meal was. The papaya salad and the Panang chicken are to die for. The service is awesome and the decor is really nice. This is a must check out in Vegas.
5	Bar none the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. They have excellent costumer service and even better dishes. They put you in charge for the spiciness level of your meal (order more than a 6 and you will be reaching for multiple water sips). My favorite dishes are Tom Yum Goong and Pad Thai Chicken Noodles. You will get to know that I love spice and this place defiantly brings it!
4	Excellent lunch specials and the busy crowd during the work week proves it!  (The owners opened up a second location so that tells you something.) My boss and I went there many times for lunch when the mortgage office was just around the corner (so convenient). The entire costumed staff (in very ornate and eye popping colors BTW, so pretty) is very nice and take care of you right away (the growing line permitting of course). Seating is both booths and tables. The furniture, decor and ambiance is very pretty- carved dark rich woods. Although it is a busy place, you are not ignored here and every customer is just as important. Single bathrooms behind the beaded curtain might have you waiting in the hall but hopefully the wait is not too long.The lunch special is a good size: tasty soup, a spring roll, a fried wonton with the dipping sauces, the entree (many choices- but my favorites were curry chicken, pad thai, & thai beef salad), and a bowl of white rice. And you could customize spiciness too- I like medium to spicy. I don't think I was ever disappointed here- never had an off meal. Two people could eat here for less than $20.00 including the tip- during the work week.  I introduced my husband to this thai restaurant and he liked it a lot. We're not in the general area a whole lot since my work place has changed (including the boss), nor is this restaurant close to our home, either. If we were in the area, I would love to eat here again.
4	Good stuffSatisfied Delicious curry chickenNice ambienceFriendly stuff
5	There aren't very many good places to dine in vegas outside the strip, so at first I was hesitant to try this place out, but I'm glad I did.  It's in a little plaza that usually looks empty, but my favorite pho place was closed, so I tried it out.  First off, I LOVE the decor inside! They put a lot of effort into their ambiance and it shows!  You wouldn't guess it looked this way from the outside and the neighboring buildings.I haven't explored the menu too thoroughly because I'm just hooked to their green chicken curry! So good I have to it every time I go.My fiance usually gets the Pad Thai,  which is also very good.  I believe they offer shrimp or chicken as their meat choicesHe also really enjoys their green curry with catfish.Service is always good.  Staff is always friendly!
4	This is our favorite place for Asia food in Las Vegas. (Just for the grown-ups though)We have dined in once but generally only do carry out. The service was pleasant but unexceptional when we ate there. It was too crowded to really have a pleasant meal.The food is what brings us back. It is amazing! Based on my body's response, I don't think they add MSG.You order your level of spicy taste. I recommend starting low and adding as you become familiar with their system. I enjoy food at around a 7. My wife likes her's at level 4.The kids pallet doesn't take to the food here at all, so it is usually a take out lunch purchase. Good place to have a grown-up outing as I have not seen kids there.
4	Pin-Kaow, you've improved, and I'm so happy that you have.  This Thai place is good eats, for sure!  They have wonderful fusion dishes and great curry.  I really loved their spring rolls, as they lack the oil that usually sticks to them, and their chow mein was delish!  You have to give these guys a try if you haven't already.  Hurry for some Curry at Pin-Kaow Now!
4	We had red curry with pineapple & this fried rice noodle with chinese broccoli & egg.  They were both delicious!!  The decor was cool and exotic.  The servers were dressed in traditional outfits.  Overall, it was a good experience and we do plan on going back.
3	This is my first time going to an actual Thai Restaurant, in which, I find this to be an interesting place. But there are some things that kind of stuck out, and kind of got to me. A friend of my wife's invited us and a few of her co workers to Pin Kaow Thai Restaurant on the corner of Rainbow and Lake Mead. It was very easy to find off 95. Its about a 10-15 minute drive from the Las Vegas Strip. The location of the restaurant, is on the corner of lake mead and rainbow, which was an easy access to get in, but from the looks of it, its kind of hard to get out. Since its right next to the stop light and, for those who want to get on Rainbow, its kind of busy intersection, not unless you get on lake mead, going the opposite way to make a u-turn some where later and get on Rainbow. The set up of the restaurant is nice, but it could probably be more spacious if they use a little bit less tables to move around. Mainly, i keep tapping the other table with my leg or bottom and saying excuse me a lot cause the tables are so close together, and I'm not really that big. The staff, was very pleasant, very well dressed in their Thai uniform and made sure that we were happy with our stay. Knowing that it is lunch time, I'm sure it was kind of busy for them to get out orders. So I probably wouldn't hold that against them, knowing its during the busy hours. They were fully staff to make sure everyone is helped and that they got to us as soon as they can. I would probably say 5-10 minutes would be a decent time to be waiting during busy hours. They seem to make it in between those times to meet my needs. The food itself was unique. But I have to say, its been a while since I had spicy food, so it didn't really set well with me. My wife ordered some chicken entree and shared it with her. We thought it would be a big serving, but it was an average serving for one person. But over all it was good to have something different. I did love their fried shrimp appetizer that had cream cheese in them and of course the egg rolls were great.  I did love the dessert of, Fried Banana and Coconut Ice Cream, it did make me love the place even more.  Over all, I would probably say, this was a decent place to have lunch. If your into spicy food and something unique, then its a must go place to eat. The appetizers are great, as well as dessert.  But I would suggest to go during the slow hours, cause getting out and trying to get back onto 95 or Rainbow. it's better to find an alternate route, or wait till some one is nice enough to let you into traffic. Enjoy.
3	My second go round for Thai food, the first a long long time ago as a child turning my nose up at the food and refusing to eat it.  This time, not so bad, I am able to read and I know what stuff is.  Still coming here I was weary of what to get so I kept it simple with sweet and sour pork or was it chicken?  I can't remember and honestly I couldn't tell.  All I know it was chewy and sweet and not at all spicy like I had dreaded.  The restaurant was beautiful and all the staff was dressed to the nines.  I loved the traditional Thai garb the staff was wearing and all the big bosses were equally well dressed in business suits.  The staff was also very attentive with removing dishes and getting the orders in.  In a group of five and one late arrival, with tons of appetizers and dishes abound the manager took our order without a note pad and got everything right.  Very impressive. I doubt I'd come back here on my own because I'm not a fan of spicy and it seems they have a lot of stuff I'm allergic to in a bunch of the dishes.  Even the sweet and sour um, whatever it was had tomato in it.  The Thai iced tea was pretty good.  My friend mentioned it's either something you really love or something you really hate.  To me it was something I could really like.  Nice place and super busy but the staff handled it like real professionals.  I would recommend it if your up north and in the mood for Thai food.
4	Pricey for portion size...but extremely good food & service
5	I love this place!  Best curry ever!  I cant seem to order anything else when I eat here.  Service is great as well!  YUM!
2	After a rather boisterous night from my 20mth old nephew & barely getting through our soup (which was divine, i'll get back to that shortly) we had everything packed up to-go. Rewind to the beginning of the night after making our selections, our soup Tom - Ka - Koong was first on the table. A rich blend of lemon grass soup, coconut & galanga root, light on the palate, explosive in taste. Although the mushroom & shrimp were more of an after thought in the soup, it doesn't stop you from appreciating this elixir of yum! If anything I'd like to have the soup bottled to go & drink it like water!As our entrees trickled in, the Thai BBQ chicken in first, followed by Black Bean Scallop...My jaw-dropped in epic disappointment as I gazed at the dish, which was poorly plated not a single sense of appeal to it, like cheap chopsuey. For $15 you'd expect to see some effort into it...Fast forward we continued dinner at home with a bottle merlot to boot. The house wasn't that far so our dishes were still fairly warm. As we sunk our teeth into what seemed like Thai BBQ chicken jerky. The meat was dry of epic proportions! Wherein we forced it down with the merlot. Taste-wise it seems all of it had dissipated.Black bean scallops...not even a hint of black bean sauce, it just tasted like cheap chopsuey. The scallops were cooked well, soft & melts in your mouth. Poorly executed dish.
3	Pin Kaow is located in the shopping center and is decorated nicely on the interior. The lunch special was very limited so I opted for a'la carte chicken yellow curry. The dish seemed large but it contained lots of sauce, marginal amounts of white meat chicken and potatoes with a yellow coconut curry sauce. It tasted good with the exception of the $9.00 price I would think their portions would be larger for the high price. Another item that urked me was that I ordered hot tea and received my billd they charged me .50 higher then the menu said. I brought this up to the waitress and she said she would mention it to the owner. On top of that they charge a $15.00 minimum on credit cards so I had to pay cash. The waitress didn't brother bringing my change back so I walked out - her tip was the change she didn't return.I'd recommending sticking to the lunch specials because your paying for the decor here - overpriced and small portions, at least for the Chicken Curry.
5	I love Thai food, and Pin Kaow is one of the better places in town I've been to.I get the spicy mint chicken nearly every time I visit, and it's consistently delicious. Their spice scale is about the same as other Thai restaurants I've experienced --an 8 is sufficiently spicy, but not unbearable.I love the ambience in here. Dimly lit, nicely decorated and quiet. The service isn't exceptionally noteworthy, but it's -- in my experience -- at least as good as any other Thai restaurant in town.
4	Here's yet another example of what's becoming almost a stereotype: Tasty Thai food smack dab in the middle of a non-descript strip mall. Nice decor and ambiance.
5	This is a Staple!! My go to place when ever I get the Thai itch. Which is pretty often.My order (with others to share of course) goes something like this...Cucumber saladBeef SatayTom Yum Koong or Tom Ka Koong with a side of riceChicken Pad ThaiI have also had and would never turn down Green or Red Curry, and Crab Rangoon. The quality is ALWAYS consistent as is the Service. I like spicy and usually opt for a 5. Sometimes 6 burns a little on the way out... :)~
5	Love Pin Kaow.  We moved to California in 2009 and miss a good inexpensive Thai restaurant in the Murrieta area.  We visited Pin Kaow multiple times and never had a bad experience.  Pad Thai, crab rangoons, curry, sticky rice were our regular orders there and we always got the same, great, consistent food.  We were recommended to go there by friends and have sent many referrals there of our own.
4	Been coming here since they were a tiny undiscovered hole in the wall. As they have grown the original charm has gone down somewhat, prices are up a little portion sizes down some but it remains our go to place for Thai. Good food in an elegant atmosphere hidden in a non descript strip mall. Well worth a visit!
2	Back in 2005-2007 this place was my FAVORITE thai place EVER. I'd go here ALLLLL the time. I never had any complaints. Once they started to get more known and got busy, their service started to suck and their portion sizes got cut in half. I have a huge problem with paying MORE for way less food. The last time I went there I had the Pork Pad se Ew and it tasted good, but I finished my plate and was still hungry. I used to know the manager here and she would greet me with a "Hello Melissa, nice to see you again, diet coke & pad thai or pad se ew?" Now a days, I know she still knows me but she disregards my presence. Also, I had asked her what was up with the new portion sizes and she had no answer for me. Great food but not worth the money. I havent been back in over a year because I refuse to pay $10-15 for dinner and still be hungry after. Sorry PinKaow, you are not what you used to be!!
3	Ordered take-out from here last night. Took way to long for the order. quoted 40 min. Then I asked if they could do any better then 40 min and so they said 30 min. That is a little better but still seems long for a take-out.Food was just ok. I still feel like Archis is my Favorite in Vegas. Dont think I will be eating here again.
4	I came here with my boyfriend and his family; there was about 5 of us. We came in on a Wednesday around 6pm for dinner. Luckily there wasn't a wait, so we were seated right away. We actually had a problem with the first table we were seated at because the sun was shining through the blinds and burning our eyes, so we asked to move somewhere else. They moved us over to a better spot near the back that was half booth, half chairs. Whenever I go out with my boyfriend and his family, we always get a lot of food, so I made sure to starve myself almost all day and by the time we got there I was ready to attack the food! We ordered:Spring rollsCrab rangoon Garlic beef - cabbage & broccoli with sauteed meat in garlic sauceCashew nut chicken - sauteed cashew nut, dried chili w/ Thai chili sauceChicken Panang curry - Thai special curry paste with coconut milk, green beans, basil leaves and lime leavesShrimp Red Curry - red Thai special curry paste with coconut mik, bamboo shoot and Thai basil leavesSpare Ribs - Spare ribs marinated in Thai BBQ sauceChicken pad Thai - rice noodles sauteed with bean sprout, egg and crushed peanuts in Thai special recipeChow mein - stir fried soft yellow noodle with mixed vegetablesAnd of course, about 3 large orders of white riceOur appetizers came out quick. They were both okay, nothing special though. I mean, how can you really make spring rolls and crab rangoons sensory explosive anyhow?All of our food started coming out and that's when I said to myself,  "Oh yeah, now that's what I'm talkin' about." All the plates looked so good.I didn't even know where to start, so I just started with everything. The garlic beef was delish. I love almost everything with garlic, so that wasn't a surprise. The cashew chicken was good. The chicken Panang curry was almost orgasmic. Almost is a good thing though, since I was with my boyfriend's family! The shrimp red curry was interesting. I guess I'm not much of a seafood curry fan, but at least I gave it a try. Mmmm, that spare ribs were scrumptious! So tender and juicy! The chicken pad Thai was pretty bomb. It had lots of crushed peanuts, which I liked. The whole time we were eating, which was about an hour, the waitress made sure to keep our water glasses filled and would ask how we liked our food. We never had to ask for anything, except lemons to clean our hands at the end because we're Filipino. All in all, I really enjoyed this place. I'm glad they opened a location on S. Rainbow, because that's a 2 minute drive from my house.
2	I feel like the black sheep because I was not a fan of the food here.  I have been here twice (because I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt and try other dishes).  If you like your Thai curries on the sweet side, then you will like this restaurant.  I, on the other hand, do not- which is why I was a bit turned off.  I have tried the panang, duck curry, and pad thai, and all were overly sweet.The ambience is nice, the staff is friendly- but I want delicious Thai food- and this restaurant did not deliver in that category for me.
1	I went with my husband and ordered a dish with hotness of a 6 out of 10. I understand Thai food is hot, but this food was unbelievably hot. I couldn't even eat my food. When the server asked how everything was I told her it was too hot for me. She did absolutely nothing but moved on. I've worked in restaurants for over 25 years and the first thing I do is make is make sure everything perfect for the guest, especially if it's not. So, my lunch of rice was good. Would I go back? Not anymore because of customer service.
5	This place is great! My fiancee and I come here often. We love the Tom Ka Kai (chicken coconut soup with mushrooms)my fiancee and I get it spicy. We also love the chicken Pad Thai, and their fried rice is really good. Sometimes I have trouble deciding which rice so we go with the pineapple fried rice and the house fried rice. The Panang curry is really good too but if its just the 2 of us we cant usually eat more than the soup, rice, and noodles. We always have enough to take home even though we would like to eat all of it there. When the mango is in season we don't leave with out having the sweet sticky rice with mango and coconut milk. The ambiance makes you feel like you are in Thailand and the staff is always friendly and helpful. You might have to wait a few minutes getting in on a Friday or Saturday night but it is worth it.
4	Good thai food. I really liked the Restaurant's atmosphere and service. I ordered the special, soft crab with basil sauce. It was amazing...i think this is worth the $13. Will go again, for sure.
5	Great food... Great service... There is a very comfortable cozy atmosphere. The prices are reasonable and you get a good amount of food. This was my first time and I highly recommend!
2	Not impressed. I have a few friends who really like this place so I've tried it a couple of times and I really don't know what to say except, it's just not very good. Their curries are bland and colorless. If I didn't know I ordered the green curry I wouldn't have been able to guess that's what it was, it was nearly white. The tom kha is mediocre.I can't really put my finger on what it is that's missing from their food but it doesn't have the depth of flavor that I'm used to from places like Komol and Lotus. I want that punch of flavor when I eat Thai food and Pin Kaow just lightly slaps me.
5	Always good, Tom - Yum - Koong soup is fantastic!Service is always awesome. Happy they have added more tables.  We never get enough of the red curry. I have them on speed dial in the car so I can pick it up while I'm out shopping and wala it ready when I get there!
5	Good Thai food. I liked the pad thai. On par with lotus. Definitely the best Thai restaurant I've had in north las Vegas so far. Side note: the service was too good that they took my green curry before I finished off the sauce.
4	Place is always crowded.  Good sign.  Many vegetarian options and the food is very fresh.  I've eaten here many times and I'm a bit surprised by some of the poor ratings they've received.
4	Pretty bomb Thai food! Love the beef jerky, shrimp pad thai and coconut chicken soup with a side of sticky rice!! You wouldn't think it's nice in the inside from the out but it's a nice chill environment. The service is cool I have no complaints. The place is always busy and I don't every wait more than 10 min to be seated.
4	Pin Kaow was definitely full of surprises. Any time you walk into a PACKED restaurant on a random weekday you know you are in for a memorable meal.I came with 4 friends and we ordered a myriad of dishes to basically try the entire menu. Everything from pad thai to Rad Na to curry to monoglian beef. All of the dishes were offered from a spice level of 1-10 and the food was flavorful without being overpowered by spice. The staff is quick and courteous and has no problem explaining the menu items that happen to be in Thai without looking down on the customer. I will definitely be coming here more often!
5	My family and I love this place!! Service is always good, prices are reasonable, and the food is delicious!! We always order the shrimp pad thai, spicy chicken mint, and the one sun beef. Perfect meal every time and there are always leftovers for the next day!
4	This the best thai food in Vegas!!
5	Love this place! Awesome food, something for everyone. You can order items to be spicy to very mild. The yellow chicken curry is to die for and so is the beef jerky. Always friendly and you can eat family style if you get several different items and share. Always busy weather it is lunch or dinner. I like to order over the phone and take out. They even know me by name & order. Could eat here every nite!
4	OMG, if you'd told me I'd find excellent Thai food in a strip mall in the burbs of Vegas, I'd never believe you. But, it's true that only about 7 miles from the hustle and bustle of the Vegas strip exists a wonderful oasis of Thai food with quiet, casual ambiance. I found myself really enjoying the peace and serenity of the Pin Kaow food. We had the Red Curry and the Pad Thai which come on a 1-10 scale v the traditional 1-4 or 1-5. I would recommend ordering higher than normal unless you want bland food. The Pad Thai is a toolkit v a completed dish. The nuts come on the side v being cooked into the dish. I found this odd. Understandably, people have food allergies, but usually the question can be asked if the server feels the diner may be unable to read. Whateva, I assembled the Pad Thai. The curry was a winner, solid 5 star. I will absolutely be back to the wonderful little establishment. (Apparently, there are now 3!)BTW, get here early as it gets packed!
4	Had the pumpkin curry and Nam Kao Tod today.... VERY VERY yummy!  We'll be back.
4	I always go to Archi's when I want Thai food (Yes, yes, I know Archi's is not authentic, but it taste really good xD). When I found out there is a thai restaurant 5 mins from my house, I know I have to try it out.The first experience was a take out order, I ordered the pad thai, and I thought it was pretty good. Then, I took my friend here to try it together. The atmosphere here is great, it's a little dark, but the decorations and everything add the 'thai' feeling to the restaurant. The seats are pretty comfortable. We ordered the Tom Yum Kung Soup, Panang Curry(Waitress suggested this one), and Pad Thai. The soup and pad thai was good, but nothing special. The most important thing is that the panang curry was awesome! It's better than red, yellow, or green curry that I have tried :) Although the food was good, the portion was quite small for the price...
5	Great Food!!  Very authentic Thai, I was surprised since I come from Hollywood which has Thai town, I was totally expecting the disappointment of Americanized wannabe Thai food.  This place had it all, great food, atmosphere and great service!  Will definitely eat here again if I go back to Vegas!
4	Simply awesome Thai food. Another example of how this town has many diamonds in the rough. Had the Bell Curry on a level 7.5 (yes they humored me) and I can't wait to try a 9. A lot of heat with a ton of flavor. If you've never tried Thai, go there now!
4	Great Food!! I love the red curry as hot as they'll make it and the pad Thai is always delicious. The prices are very reasonable and I always end up with leftovers. They have awesome lunch specials and the service is always wonderful.  Great place for a date!!
4	This is a hidden gem with great authentic food. Four of us went out to dinner on a weekend night and was seated right away. Always a good sign when there is a consistent flow of people waiting for their takeout food and practically all of the tables are already occupied. It has a cozy atmosphere where you do not feel rushed. The staff was friendly and quick to get refills or check on us. The food will leave you very satisfied. The Thai tea and Pad See Ew was delicious and wroth getting it again next time I am in the area.
2	This place has been busy whenever I've been. That is a bit surprising. The curries are disappointing. Are they making them overly creamy and bland to satisfy the white folks' palate? The green curry isn't even green! It's cream colored. Maybe she misheard me and thought I ordered a cream curry?! I ordered a heat level 9 and didn't feel any heat whatsoever, let alone break a sweat or get a runny nose; did they not believe I could handle the heat? Or maybe she misheard me again and thought I said five? Also, curries come with plain rice; if you want sticky rice, specify that you want that instead of plain rice; otherwise, you get both, which is a waste. The service was ok. I might go back for a soup or other non-curry dish, but for now, based on my non-green too-creamy curry, I can't go higher than "Meh. I've experienced better." I've actually made better green curry! This place is close to where I live, but I think I'll travel down to Sahara unless pressed for time to a more modest but more authentic place to get my Thai curry fix.  The gas money will be covered and then some in the price difference as well.
4	Definitely my go-to place whenever I'm craving Thai food! The atmosphere is very peaceful due to the dim lighting and authentic decor. I always get the Pad Thai with steamed tofu and I'd have to say it's the best I've had so far. The service is quick and friendly so definitely no complaints. If you get a chance to try the Sweet Rice with Mango while it's in season, please do because you will not be disappointed.
5	LOVE the curry dishes!  Grt. food and grt. service!  L.
3	Penang Curry was so yummy about to lick the plate clean =) but the chicken was very dry (over cook chicken) =\ Order a few more dishes and all the meats & seafood was a over cook (hard & dry not tender or juicy meat/seafood) Ate mostly sauce & rice.
5	I know: de gustibus non est disputandum, but having lived in Thaliand for a very long time, this place is the closest to authenticity you will ever get this side of the Mississippi. Portions are americanized cause no self-respecting thai will ever be caught dead or alive with a full plate of anything in front of her/him to finish all alone, preferring rather the choice of a number of small dishes from fish to beef washed down with fresh veggies - taste and eat -play with a group of people (as they lovingly say in thai), and apart from one busy evening where the hostess was annoyingly pedantic and going on about the benefits of calling up front to make a reservation, I simply love this place. Sticky rice, beef jerky and somtam will take you straight to a new level of awareness. Haven't tried the other branches, but the Rainbow/Lake Mead is a culinary retreat. Great service every time.
4	Recommended by a local and rightfully so!The Pad Thai was excellent.  You had an option for varying spice levels of 1-10.  I chose a 6 and it was perfect.  The spice and flavor was just perfect for a Squid Pad Thai.  YUM!I loved the decor in this place.  The beautiful woodwork really gave this place an authentic feel.  The prices were also very good.  If I am in the mood for Thai in Vegas, I am definitely coming back here.
4	Well as I am sure all of you know there are some really good Thai restaurants and there are some others that should be shut down immediately. Pin Kaow is a great Thai restaurant. Now, I pretty much always get the same thing whenever I get Thai, Yellow Chicken Curry. It was excellent here. The interior of the restaurant is nicer than most other strip mall Thai places I have been to and it was fairly busy when I was there midday. This to me is a good indicator that a lot people enjoy this restaurant as much as I did. It wasn't too spicy and I usually go medium. Some places medium can make you sweat so don't be afraid to get a little aggressive on how hot you want your food here. Man..I'm hungry again.
3	Solid Red Curry w/Tofu, got it at a 7 spice level (out of 10) and it was spicy enough without being overpowering. The Red Curry itself was on the thicker side and of medium sweetness. A little cheap on the Tofu and heavy on the Bamboo Shoots, though. Got it as part of the lunch special (7.95) which came with a spring roll, crab rangoon and a free cup of soup. The soup was a broken rice chicken soup - unfortunately it was very salty, and the spring roll was fresh but standard issue - nothing special. Enjoyed the Red Curry, but was most taken aback by the surprise +$3 charge for each Brown Rice substitution. Our bill showed up with two lunch specials and a +$6 charge for two Brown Rice substitutions. The Manager offered to remove one of the rice charges, which was reasonable, considering the waitress did not mention that there would be an upcharge. I do consider +$3 for a Brown Rice substitution a deal-breaker when it comes to lunch specials, especially when there are many similar Thai options at around $7-8, all-in. Dinner prices are $10-13 for the curries, and based on our experience today, expect to pay at least $3 for Brown Rice. If you happen to ask for a little more rice, I bet they ring you up for another $3 cup.I would like to try their Massaman curry, as our waitress said it is her favorite.The atmosphere IS impressive, warmly decorated and built entirely of wood: wood paneling, wood floors, and wood trim. The goldfish aquarium along the back wall is spotless, and the bathrooms are clean. They certainly take pride in their shop. I can see taking a client here or someone going on a date here, occasions when nickel-and-diming don't matter. Weera Thai is still my top-slot Thai place for value, taste, and service. Mad at myself for not taking advantage of double-punch-Mondays at Which Wich today instead (1 block north of Pin Kaow.)
5	I'm a regular to Pin Kaow on N. Rainbow and always get a good meal with great service.  The decor is fantastic and authentic, the food is excellent.  The Pad Thai lunch special is my staple dish and it is always tasty.   The curry dish with coconut milk is also very good, but more food than I can eat for lunch.
5	First off I'm reviewing their lunch specials because this location I eat when I'm craving Thai food during my lunch break. (I usually go to Pin Kaow 2 which is closer to my house SEE THAT REVIEW FOR MORE)The atmosphere here is very pleasant, dim lighting and authentic decor down to the servers. The service here is amazing, the servers are sweet and very attentive. So back to lunch, 7.95 for your choice of either pork, beef, chicken, or tofu or 8.95 for shrimp or squid. I love their lunch specials because for 7.95 (dine in) you get to choose from the top 10 most ordered dishes that come with a side of rice, daily soup, egg rolls, & fried wontons. ALL THAT for $7.95 what a great deal! I absolutely love Pin kaows chain of restaurants. They have 3 locations in Las Vegas which makes it so convenient for people to come on in and try their food! I'm Thai and this place hits pretty close to moms home cooking.
5	I have to admit - growing up in LA I became somewhat of a Thai food snob.  When we moved to the Northwest 'burbs of Las Vegas, we were certainly surprised when we discovered Pin Kaow in a very nondescript strip mall so close to home.  Really wonderful food that easily rivals any we had in LA's Thai Town. The NW space has expanded over the years - but the interior has always been pleasant with wood floors and tasteful Thai art on the walls.  The wait staff are in traditional-style attire and flawlessly pleasant.  We usually get the pad thai and panang curry - at a spice level of 6 or so.  The food is wonderful - with my only gripe being that the spice level seems to fluctuate wildly from chef to chef.  Sometimes a 6 is just right, sometimes the heat is barely there.Now, if only they could import Thai Elvis...
4	I just went here this afternoon to try the lunch special pad thai and...it was great! I called to pick it up and it took about 15 minutes to be ready. I got the beef thai, chicken pad thai, and a small rice. The total was about $19. The portion was decent and the lunch specials came with a wonton and an egg roll. I will definitely return.
5	A friend and I went to Pin Kaow based on a Vegas friend's recommendation (it's his favorite Thai place in Vegas), and it was exceptional. The staff members are very friendly and attentive, and the food is excellent. We both had appetizers (crab rangoon and chicken satay), tom ka soup, and I had pad see ew and my friend had the Pin Kaow version of drunken noodles (I don't remember what they called it). The food was presented beautifully and tasted excellent. Probably the best Thai I've had, and definitely recommended. If you want great food in Vegas, get away from the Strip!
5	I have been going to Pin Kaow for many years and they always have impeccable service and food. The egg rolls are awesome, the satay with peanut butter sauce will make your eyes roll back in your head and the cucumber salad is perfect. Stand outs for main courses are the garlic pork{yummy} and the chicken masaman. You can choose how spicy you want the food from a " wimpy" 1 to "put hair on your chest "10. For all you ladies you may not want to pick 10, Ha Ha. I only have one small complaint and that's the iced tea. They serve Nestea.  Very nasty tea!!
2	Pin Kaow used to be my favorite Thai Place in all of Vegas. But we moved away, and when we came back after 5 years we discovered that things had changed, and I'm afraid that it's not for the better. To be fair, the place looks very pretty inside since the renovations, and the waitresses now wear traditional Thai attire, which is very cool.  But the food portions are MUCH smaller, and the food quality seems to have suffered a bit, as well. (perhaps the customers are now paying for the cost of renovations?) The Thai tea tasted like regular iced tea mixed with coffee, and nutrasweet. The spring rolls were lackluster and kind of pasty inside, and the chicken soup was VERY salty, which is a complaint that I rarely ever have, seeing as how I'm a card carrying salt fiend that has actually been known to add salt to TOAST. (I shit you, not.)The Pad See Ew and Pad Prik King were both TINY. No, seriously....both were itty-bitty, teensy-weensy portions....maybe a cup worth of food per entree, at most. And honestly, the food just doesn't seem to be anywhere near as flavorful as it used it be. It was just kind of bland. Needless to say, we were extremely disappointed, because this place used to be SO good! Luckily we found Thai Grill on N. Decatur, which is even better than the old Pin Kaow (which is saying a lot, because boy did Pin Kaow ever used to be good!).
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. The staff is always super helpful and fast. Never really a wait, 5 mins at most. I have been coming here for over 4 years now. My favorites: crab Rangoon, chicken pad Thai and sweet and sour pork.
4	After trying Lotus of Siam, I can no longer say that Pin Kaow is the best Thai food I've had in Vegas. It is, however still delicious and enjoyable. It's closer to my house and will still be in my rotation for the convenience.
5	A very nice cozy and authentic Thai restaurant. Have eaten there multiple times and it's always been a good experience. Friendly servers and good cooks. This location only, the South eastern address is a diff story. And have never been to other south side location
3	I dont know what the fuss is all about. Sure, the restaurant seems grandeur with all kind of thai decoration inside, the elephant wall ornament, and the huge waterfall pot outside the restaurant. But I go to restaurant for the food and the food only.As far as I am concern they geared their food towards white people taste. Seriously if you want to open a thai restaurant, be a thai restaurant. Dont be like PF Changs. Chinese restaurant wannabe. Thats how I feel about this restaurant. Cant change anything, food are mediocre, although service are attentive, they should be cos hey charge almost double than any regular thai restaurant with better food. Will I come back to this restaurant, probably not, its a one and done for me.
3	Food s great just because  Archie's is so far away. We call our order in a lot , yet reading a review from some lady, i do believe that when you go into pick up your order the cashier and her buddies are talking smack about you in Thai . So its the price u pay for when wanting close by Thai, if u want something better ( without the smack talking ) go to Archie's Thai Bistro on Sahara and Fort Apache.
4	Delicious food. The place is always busy (a good sign) and the service is decent. The only thing preventing me from a 5 star review is the service wasn't great-only decent.
4	Excellent service. Eggplant with tofu spice level 2 was delicious. The hell curry did not disappoint. High octane heat didn't mask the flavors. I think they were worried about me ordering #9 heat level because 3 different staff checked on me during our meal.
1	I guess I will write reviews of places I really like too because I think some of my reviews are being Yelp "filtered".  I used to like this place, the food and the service.  The food is okay.  I have had better thai food however this is a convenient location for me.  The last 2 times I have been in I have been ignored for a while by service.  I am sure it wasn't on purpose but when 2 tables are seated after me and served drinks and their appetizers before the server acknowledges me, that is a problem.  The first time I walked out, the second time I waived my hands in the air to make sure to get their attention.  We sat at the same table both times, it could be a cursed table.The hostess is always very sweet and friendly.  However, I won't be back unless friends have a burning desire to go.  I heard a new thai restaurant opened that is even closer to where I live.  I will give that a go!
4	Lovely ethnic decor, friendly service, good food. I prefer my green curry with slighly less coconut milk and more spice, but the pad thai was great. We've been back multiple times, as this is the only northern restaurant similar to what we were used to in California.
5	Favorite Thai in TOWN.   I know this could be argued, but I will say this....its fresh, balanced, fast, cheap, and they have several locations.  They know what they are doing here, its a winning combination at Pin Kaow, lunch or dinner its packed and thats a sign of success.  10 star Thai!
5	Just an update!  We've been eating pretty much the staples here - Pad Thai, Panang, and the must-have Chili Mint Noodles.  Last night we decided to deviate from the usual and ordered the Duck Basil.  B.L.O.W.N. A.W.A.Y.  Seriously, this is the best preparation of duck I've ever had!  Thinly sliced boneless duck, cooked up with basil, onion, jalapeno and bell pepper in a yummy Thai sauce.  The flavors in the preparation were the perfect foil against the usually forward duck flavor.  Deep, but not gamey at all.  Brilliant.
3	Great food and service but they make you feel rushed and that they need to turn your table before you are through.
2	My wife and I were expecting much more.  The restaurant was highly recommended to us by a friend.  We were rushed in our ordering by the waiter who was not helpful and rude to the other bus staff.  We asked for medium spicy so that we can gauge the spiciness level and we received bland.  I ordered the red curry that ended up being sweet milk and my wife ordered chili mint noodles (their version of drunken noodles) which was basically sweet fried tofu with barely any mint or chili.We have tasted wonderful food in NYC, San Diego, Dallas and even Little Rock Arkansas and this was by far the worst Thai food we've had. As a vegetarian I would rate this pretty low.
5	The first thing I HAVE to say about this place is don't judge a book by its cover!  The outside of the restaurant and its location could lead one to believe that it was going to be disappointing inside (to be honest I only went because of the yelp reviews) and then I walked in and BAM! I was blown away.  It was so nicely decorated, it had a very rich/authentic feel to the place.  The staff was over the top friendly, the food was simply divine, and the Bellini (champagne and pureed berry) was off the chain!  My friend and I had pot stickers and spring rolls for apptz - delicious and hot- quickly came out as well.  Main course for lunch for me was the Shrimp Chili Mint Noodles, it had so many good reviews, YUM YUM YUM. I had it on heat 8 (I have a spicy palate, but next time I'm going to 10, it was spicy but I wanted more) .  My friend had the Pad Thai and the only thing I can say about that is, I have never liked Pad Thai, I thought it was gross and hated that peanut flavor to it, this Pad Thai was so freaking good, I'm pretty sure I'm getting this next time, seriously! If you are around this place, craving a little ethnic food in your life, and Thai sounds good, don't pass this place, you'll be crying like a baby caused you missed it!
4	I'm thankful my office is close to this restaurant. The perfect time to come here is around lunch time. Not only do they have awesome lunch specials (an entree, spring roll and a fried wonton for a very reasonable price), they're also not extremely busy like they are at dinner time. The wait at night can be up to 45 minutes.What I normally get: Thai iced tea, fried tofu, spring rolls, chicken wings, pad Thai, crispy pork with Chinese broccoli, satay, combination fried rice and sweet sticky rice with mango for dessert (when it's in season around May-July).I've been going here since I moved to Vegas in 2006 and I can't recall having a bad experience.  I've been to other Thai restaurants but Pin Kaow is my favorite because the service and the food are always consistent plus, the location is convenient.  Their spiciness rating is from 1-10 (it doesn't fluctuate).
4	I love food perhaps more than I should. If I am not eating then I am dreaming of food. I find it to be hypnotic. But there are few foods that have the affect on me that Thai red curry chicken has. It is has a soothing affect on me that I can't quite explain. If I even so much as walk by a place serving curry I am drawn in by the intoxicating aroma. It is as if a ghostly hand is beckoning me like a cartoon bear. It may just be my favorite food. And the red curry chicken from Pin Kaow is no exception. It was sweet and creamy with tender chicken, sliced bamboo, red bell pepper, and fresh basil. Served on some white rice and I am set. I ordered the spring rolls to get me started. They were fresh and hot burning my hands and mouth. Pure crispy deliciousness.  The service was good too. The staff is courteous even bringing me extra rice when I asked for my remaining curry to go. The decor is pleasing as well. Dark wood paneling, Thai art and tapestries, and Thai music all add to the ambience. I can't believe I have passed by it so many times when I live so close. This is a place I will be back to hopefully in the near future.
1	this place has gone down hill , everything taste bland, go to archies instead . it is worth the drive
5	I have been going to this location for years. I love their food, and the atmosphere (very clean). Try the Lemon Grass soup with chicken in a "Hot Bowl", its my favorite!Also, their lunch specials are very inexpensive. Give it a try!!
5	I've been to a lot of Thai places, but wow I think this is my favorite. (: While I was on vacation I came here twice because I fell in love with the "Gulf of Thailand" dish. It is a wonderful blend of seafood with a spicy sauce. Their fried banana dessert with coconut ice cream is also a must have. I think whenever I'm in Vegas this will be my first stop.
4	In general their Thai food is very good. They have a fast and good service. I would recommend their Tom Yum soup or any of their curries. Each plate is between 10-12 bucks, but the quality of the food is very good! You cannot go wrong with this place! Tip of the day: dont forget to order some thai tea!
5	This is the best Thai food in Vegas. Not only do they listen when I tell them I want it hot, and not white people hot, but they are also quick like bunnies. We can do a full meal and be out of there in under 40 minutes at lunch time. Service is excellent, wait time is minimal (if at all) and their choices are great. I am a panang snob and their's is perfect. The best way to judge any cultures food is by the crowd. When you walk into a Thai food place to find it full of asians, you know you're in the right place. Try it.
5	When in the mood for some great thai food, this is the place. I have sensitive stomach and never had an issue here. And food taste awesome. slightly higher price then other thai , but well worth it.
4	Pin Kaow does a lot a real good Thai dishes...almost everything I've ever had here was better than average.  The problem is that there isn't one dish that I want to come here for specifically.  I have 6 or 7 Thai dishes that I eat regularly and several more that I eat when I want to change things up, and in every case I can think of somewhere else I'd rather go...it's weird, but true.  They probably do massaman or panang best in my opinion.  I do hear that their Pad Thai is real good, but it's not something that I normally order and haven't had it from Pin Kaow in many years, so I can't truly confirm that .Still I will gladly come here, especially with a group because I know that the overall quality will be good and has always been consistent.The service is friendly and they are quick....especially during the lunch rush.
5	Two of my co-workers have been telling me that Pin Kaow is one of their favorite Thai Restaurants in Las Vegas.  Once I realized it was a mere 7 minute drive I knew I had to check it out.  I went with my husband on a Sunday afternoon, and I won't lie I was pretty taken back when I walked inside (in a good way).  The outside is your basic strip mall, but once you walk inside the decor makes you feel like you were transported out of Las Vegas and into Thailand (or at least what it might look like in my head since I have never been there).  The place had a good sized crowd, but there were still a few tables left.  Unfortunately, both my husband and I had a lot of work to do so we decided to order to go and did not get the full dining experience.  Despite not eating there, I was still impressed by their service.  The lady who took our order was very nice and we received our food very quickly.  After placing our order I think we were out the door in about 10 minutes.  When we go home and started to dig in we found out taste buds fully satisfied and stomach approved of the great portion sizes.  We ordered two basics, Chicken Pad Thai (9.95) and Beef Pad See Ew (9.95).  I know we weren't too adventurous, but I had to make sure they did the basics right.  Yay for Pin Kaow, both executed wonderfully and I recommend both dishes to anything thinking of trying this place.  I look forward to returning in the future to try their curries, rice dishes, and many more.  I'm pretty sure I've found my go to Thai Restaurant in Las Vegas
5	I love Thai food and this is my go-to place.  The restaurant is small but beautiful.  I love the wood wall and all the orchids.  They occasionally have a Green Mango Salad on their specials board, which is amazing.  It's not my favorite for Thai Beef Salad (the beef is overcooked and dry) and their Thai tea is really, really sweet.  I have tried almost the entire menu and it is all outstanding. The staff is attentive.
1	I have to say that I think I am over it.  I am from LA originally, and maybe I have just been spoiled by really good and cheap Thai food. When I moved to Vegas, this was my go to Thai spot, partly because someone recommended it and partly because there was not much else to choose from in our area.  Pin Kaow has some decent tasting food, but my biggest problem is that I feel like the portion sizes are getting smaller, and it is just not worth the price.
4	I am always skeptical when I visit a Thai place because I love massaman (mussaman, etc.) and find very uneven results across the Thai restaurant landscape. I've had salty-as-hell massaman, nearly-raw massaman, and flavorless massaman.  I gave this a try.This was Very Good Massaman. The potatoes were actually cooked through. The shrimp still had the tails on them, which I hate, but they were good. The sauce was tasty (though somewhat  reminiscent of tomato bisque soup). I really enjoyed that dish.The decor was pleasant- wood everywhere, not overly crowded with tables. The floor didn't look as if it had been swept for a couple of days, though (sorry, Pin Kaow- that evening sun shows everything on a smooth shiny surface!)I tried the rice and coconut ice cream for dessert and was not impressed with the rice, as it was gummy.  I'll come back for more more massaman, but no dessert for me.
5	LOVE this place!  The service is fast and the food is fantastic.  Among our favorites are the Pad Thai, Red Curry, and the Tom Ka Kai soup.  They have a scale for how spicy you want your food that goes from 1 to 10.  Not only that, but it is very inexpensive.
5	Really good food and service
5	SOO good!  My husband's stepmother is actually from Thailand, and she took us here and ordered for us.  Everything was delicious, we'll definitely be back!
1	The food is great but the service is horrible. I wanted to get some food delivered for dinner, so I called the store around 4:35pm and they refused to take my order until 5pm (and then rudely hung up on me). Despite the attitude I decided to call back at exactly 5 to place my order, when the same rude woman picked up she told me that it would be at least 2 hours since they had 4 orders ahead of me. I am not going to tolerate the double standards, horrible service and small portions anymore. It is unlikely that I will return.
2	Is it me or has the quality of food gone down? I  have been going to Pin Kaow for years and it was one of my favorite thai restaurants because of it's authenticity. However, I recently went after a very long time and I was so disappointed in the food. I feel like the food is not authentic and flavorous as it use to be. The food was just so bland and lacked the quality it use to have. Before, Pin Kaow was the best thai restaurant in Vegas, but I don't think that is true anymore. Hopefully I'll find one that I enjoy like I did with Pin Kaow when it use to be really good.
4	The good..1) Great atmosphere2) Good Service3) Great food - Fresh4) Clean5) Reasonably priced.The bad..1) Not much to complain about.We were on our way  to the Jenni Pho Vietnamese restaurant  when we decided to try something new and ended up coming here instead. This is one of the best Thai restaurants in town over Nittayas Secret Kitchen, Archies and Basil & Lime.
2	I'm giving this place an extra star because their beef jerky appetizer was delicious but sadly all the other dishes were bland and lacking a true Thai flare. We ordered the Tom Yum soup, Pad Woon Sen noodles, and mixed vegetables with beef. The meat in all of the dishes weren't seasoned and to me unseasoned meat = yuck. We'll only come back here to get the beef jerky To Go.
2	I just moved to Las Vegas with my girlfriend. We decided to get some takeout from Pin Kaow based on a glowing recommendation.I regret that I cannot echo this recommendation. The woman who took our order looked annoyed at our very presence. I asked her a few friendly questions about takeout, delivery, and some menu options. She seemed exasperated and simultaneously bored. I didn't even know a person could experience that blend of emotions. Thank you, Pin Kaow, for a lesson in the breadth of the human experience. I asked her how long delivery would take and she replied 2 hours. I wish that were an exaggeration. Needless to say, we ordered takeout instead and waited around for 20 minutes. Here's what we ordered:- Fresh Spring Rolls.- Chicken Pad Thai, with a 7 on the spicy meter.- Pad Woon Sen, with a 5 on the spicy meter.And here's what my takeout boxes contained:- Fried Egg Rolls (seriously...?)- Chicken Pad Thai, with a 1 on the spicy meter.- Pad Woon Sen, with a 3 on the spicy meter.The food was decent but unimpressive, especially for the price ($29 after tip). The egg rolls were a little rubbery, like they came out of a microwave... and I didn't even ORDER egg rolls.The pad thai was yummy, but when you're really hungry, everything tastes good. It lacked a certain richness of flavor I have come to expect from pad thai dishes. My girlfriend's pad woon sen was good. No qualms there, aside from the spicyness not being correct. I would have given them a free pass on this since there is a degree of subjectivity, but it wasn't even close.I read on the menu that there are three different Pin Kaow locations. I am willing to give the other locations a chance, but I will not be visiting this specific Pin Kaow again.
3	This is complicated.  First the ambiance was awesome.  The Satay Beef was incredible tasting which should rank a solid 4.  But a couple of just plain weird things.  It appeared as though a restroom was located in the main dining area.  Maybe I'm a freak, but that's what it looked like.I ordered the Mongolian Beef with a 7 for spiciness.  Although good, I've had better and kind of expected a better tasking entree.  Not to mention a horrible wait for the check.So... with the weird restroom and lackluster taste of the food, I had to go with a 3.
4	First of many visit I'm sure as the food, atmosphere and service was great.Don't let the shopping appearance discourage you, this was a diamond in the rough.
4	Love the soup, the atmosphere, and the Thai tea.
3	I just ordered take-out from here and while the food was "ok" I was not impressed by the portion size to the price we paid. My favorite entre that we ordered was the Tom Ka Kai (coconut chicken soup $7 for a very very small cup) . That was pretty tasty, but the veggies, pineapple fried rice and chicken satay was just "ok". Not bad but $10 for a TINY bowl of sauteed veggies was a bit much IMO. I might go back here for the soup... but then again I might not. Ehhh....
5	Pumpkin curry omg!
4	Ahh Pin Kaow. Now I have been going to Pin Kaow for years and the customer service has always been a hit and miss.  The food though always satisfactory.  We visited Friday night with the wonton soup hotpot in mind....because I had been sick I thought that the soup would be good for my sore throat.We did call ahead.  Alway recommended because this place gets busy.  It always seems to have people waiting outside on the weekends.  When we got there we were seated almost immediately even though alot of people were waiting-thats why I recommend the call ahead.We ordered the wonton soup hot pot.  If you havent had the hot pot before it is a pot with a hole in the middle where they light a running flame.  I would say its for two people but probably could feed four.  The first time I had this I was so impressed.  It just sets an ambiance...an experience.  You definitely must try it.For our entrees we ordered the Chicken Pad Thai.  Probably the best I have ever had that I order it everytime I come here.  I order the spicy at an 8 or 9 and never seems too spicy to eat.  Especially if my BF can eat it.  He ordered the mongolian beef.  It is always great too.  It is different from other mongolian beefs I have had....the sauce is more like a gravy consistency.  But it is good.  All paired off with a glass of chardonney and the night was bliss. This is a great place for a date, for a group, for a celebration.  It is a Thai experience.  So if you are trying to impress someone it would be a good spot to take them.  Like I said the service is hit and miss.  I do recommend the take out.  They have a little section in the back where they do the to-go orders and I have never had a problem.  In and out.  Food is just as good as eating in.  This place isnt very close to home but I will drive for the occasional Thai fix! ;)
4	I am a huge fan of thai food! this has a great atmosphere with beautiful decor. The appetizers were great however I was a little dissapointed in my pad thai noodles. the beef wasnt as tender as i would have liked. overall it was a pleasant experience with great customer service and a great menu! PLEASE DO TRY THE MANGO BELLINI IT WAS AMAZING!!! :)
4	I've been coming here for 10 yrs.  Obviously I like it. Food is good. Prices are fair. Complaints:            service is normally very good except getting the check (ask for it early)          Spicy level I think changes depends on the cook (we like a little spicy but not too much). #2 was more like a #4 once. Kids couldn't eat it. That being said, I've never had to send food back or a complaint about cleanliness. That's hard to say these days. From the outside it looks like a dump. I like that because they're often busy.
5	AMAZING! The staff was so friendly, welcoming and the food was superb! The sangria is a must try and their vegetarian dishes are amazing!
3	Really didn't think it was anthing special, but the food was good and it was served fast. Not much more to say. If I was in the mood for Thai I would go back unless I found a better place on Yelp.
2	Good service phad Thai so so at best Archis is way better
4	The food was great! MY wife and I had red chicken curry and pad Thai. We shared pot-stickers with our daughter. The staff was very nice.The only reason they aren't getting 5 stars is that it was quite a wait to get our food, even though it's a small restaurant.  We waited about 30 mins after we ordered for our food to come out, and all 3 dishes came out separate.Don't let that discourage you though! The pot-stickers were the best I've had. Both our dishes were great, and we even split a jasmine tea that finished the meal perfectly.It was fairly cheap, especially for the food you're getting. They're not huge portions, but not small either, just the right size.Go check this place out!! Very good food!
3	I visited Pin Kaow 2 before and I thought this one would be the same but it is not. The food was slightly more salty IMO. I like the second location better. Service was decent. -Duck Fried Rice : a must get here. The rice and duck were moist and flavorful. -Pa Kao - It is a seafood version of Tom Yum. Soup was too sour. -Salt and Pepper Soft Shell Crab - it was really good but a bit salty. meant to be a dish to be eaten with rice I guess but we were too full. Spicy alert! There was green chilies in the dish. Beware. -Steamed Seabass Bangkok style - my favorite dish!!! the seabass was tender and creamy. The sauce complimented the fish well -Mango Salad - it was alright. did not like it with the tofu. -Pad Prik King - This dish should be in the sauteed section. Our was beef sauteed with green bean in curry spices. Dry dish. It is not a curry dish with broth/ soup like other curry dishes. Pretty good.
5	The best pad thai in vegas.
4	We were just looking for some healthy Asian food to eat not too far off the freeway. But (and I say this having lived in Thailand for a few years) I will be back. The red curry and phad Thai were fabulous, chicken-rice soup solid and service wonderful. Had lunch, so dinner will have to be next
4	Their pad prik king is tasty, and their prices are very reasonable.
4	I had the pineapple rice. Overall it was good. I was hoping for more shrimp. In the whole dish their were only two shrimp. Service was good. If I knew there was going to be non existent shrimp I would've ordered something else instead of paying $12.95 for rice, pineapple & chicken.
1	This used to be a good place, but now, I wouldn't go back!We ordered both beef and chicken pad Thai and the beef tasted like spaghetti sauce, ordered it a 5 out of 10 on a spice level, no hint of spice.  The chicken had no flavor and the chicken was so over done it was like chicken jerky!  That was ordered a 7 spice level and no spice either?So incredibly disappointed.  Wasted $22!Don't waste your time, go to Archie's!
4	It's funny how conveniently close this is to my MIL's place, but we've always somehow passed it up since there were some favorite Thai places established among the family. However, I've been meaning to come and seized the opportunity when it was my choice of food for family dinner. While it is in a typical shopping center, the inside is much nicer than any other Thai places around with it's wood carved panel decor. It's the type of Thai place you could take a casual date. This time I picked up my order to-go, but I will definitely sit in next time. We had - Massuman curry with tofu - this to me reminded me for of a panang, but still very good. Actually grandma really, really liked this one and asked to order it in the future. Mongolian beef - It was decent, just not my style of mongolian beef. This is that Thai Chinese style brown sauce kind that I'm eh about, but it was properly cooked and seasoned. Chili Mint Noodles - These are wide noodles in a soy, chili flavoring with basil leaves. I rather liked this, real flavorful and spicy. If you like wide noodles and something like pad se ew but dont feel like sweet, then go with these.Mango sticky rice - their version I had at another location and quite like it. Also the portion is generous with two squares of rice when most places give you one. The rice was cooked right, the coconut cream was seasoned, half mango was ripe.I can't comment really on service since my first experience was to-go, but the people were always polite and courteous on the phone and in person. Better than average ordeal of getting stuff ordered right. Will be back for a dine in soon.
5	Lunch with the Madre and her work folk and I can never say no to Thai food.We arrived just before the lunch rush, thankfully because I was famished.  Vegitable spring rolls for an appetizer (delish!) and it was a close tie between garlic chicken or pad thai.. Pad thai won the decision by a nose.  I ordered a level 4 spice but I think the young Miss taking my order skipped that bit of information because my dish lacked spice completely.  This could have been a total taste-bud disaster but luckily the noodles were flavored to perfection, spice-less and all.All in all the service was super and the eats were delish. If I'm ever on the north side again and in the mood for Thai, Pin Kaow will be on my list.
5	One of my favorite Thai restaurant. My favorites are the pad thai and the panang curry. The staff are very friendly and great lunch specials
3	Food is ok and portions are super small.  Was here for dinner but heard lunch portions are decent.
5	great Thai food closest to the north west part of town. if you like spicy Thai you'll need to add it yourself cause a 10 on the spicy scale is like a 2 anywhere else. their Tum Yum soup is always great, their Pad Thai is awesome and Shrimp asparagus is fantastic!
3	Clearly people who have been giving this place a high score hasn't been to a really good thai restaurant. I'm not impressed with their food and the price. The pad thai I got was a bit on the sour side and small portion.
4	Pin Kaow is that old standby, the one that you know is always good, always has great service.  You can relax when you come to Pin Kaow.  Your Thai food is going to taste just like you remember it did the last time you were here.  Chicken Satay, Pad Thai, and the best Tom Yum Kai in town are our 3 go-to dishes, no matter what.  The atmosphere is soothing.
3	Back in the day I used to come here a lot and since I was on this side of town I decided to stop by for lunch just like old times. The flavor of the food is still good and the staff is still pleasant. My only bad comment is that I swear their lunch portions got smaller, Just look at the picture I posted of the beef and broccoli, the scoop of rice is appropriate but c'mon, look at the main entree, it's too small. Like I said, I know it's lunch time but at other restaurants, you will and do get larger portions even if it is lunch, that's all I'm saying.....
4	A solid 4stars. Service was fast, food was on my table quick. Whenever i try someplace new i go easy on the heat, I ordered "4" spicy, I could have gotten a 6 and been perfect heat. I ordered my favorite, panang chicken.
5	I love their lunch specials. Tasty thai food + fast and friendly service! Decor and ambiance is also nice.
4	I moved to Vegas about month ago this is the nearest Thai place close to my apartment.And this is my experiencedFirst timeThat was when I was on vacation visit Las Vegas.-Decoration inside restaurant make me happy and feel good 50% already before order the food. It located in the mall and look so simple like normal Asian places and I thought it will be simple chairs and tables and could be not that clean inside,but when I get in all Thai decoration everything so clean and nice.Me and my boyfriend we were ordered ChickenTom kha soup spicy level 7 ( too creamy and less spicy then we expected by the way I'm Thai originally from Thailand my spicy level is real Thai my boyfriend he's American and he likes spicy same level as mine )Crying tiger the meat was ok nothing special the sauce it's ok it's nothing bad but nothing special eitherPad Woonsen with chicken this dish same it was ok nothing special and maybe because week before we were in Thai town Los Angeles we liked food there more I feel more authentic and reasonable price my boyfriend also liked in Thai town more.Second time I moved here already I was checking neighborhood this area and I was so craving for Thai food and I remember this place so I go there again for lunch. -I ordered Mongolian beef I didn't order lunch special or anything like that if they have but portion come out so small I thought maybe I'm too hungry or something anyway I'm pretty sure my first visit food portion was bigger overall food was ok not bad. Third time -This is first time I come here for dinner first was late lunch on vacation with my boyfriend second was by myself on lunch time and yes decoration there make me happy to sit and have a nice dinner with my boyfriend And this what we ordered. -Chicken Tom kha soup this time we ordered a bowl instead of hot pot big one like first time we ordered spicy level 10 I ordered speak Thai tell them make it spicy as much as possible like Thai people eat soup come out in good size bowl you can share 2 people we order lot of other food so we decided order a bowl hot pot it's not too big tho if you are a big fan of soup this time soup was so good spicy was perfect for us Chicken wing appetizer my boyfriend big fan of chicken wings I'm not that excited when it comes to Thai chicken wings I'm more like chicken wings American style chicken wings was not too bad my favorite part is they have lemongrass and some Thai ingredients deep fried on top on chicken wings make aromatic special scent for Thai food and feel like home :)Entrees we had Chu Chee Salmon and Hell curry we ordered spicy same level like soup food came out look nice by the way this is first time I see they called hell curry most Thai restaurant called jungle curry if you are curious it's a curry without coconut milk so coconut milk makes curry creamier sweetener but this curry strong taste of chilly curry was very strong spicy we ordered with beef I would say it was very good for jungle curry compared to anywhere I had before in US but not as good as Thailand back home Chuchee Salmon was creamy and good spicy. Desserts we had sweet sticky rice with coconut ice cream this was highlight of the night so good we actually come back again to order only this for to go. So I give 4 stars cause I like decoration of restaurant look so clean inside food total it was ok some dishes it was good but you have to make sure with server what you like like last time that I ordered very spicy Thai style I even speak Thai they gave me fish sauce with chilies ( it's common thing for Thai people to add salty and spicy yum!) and food come out like I want I will go back for sure :)
2	My family LOVES Thai food.  When we stepped through the door for the first time at Pin Kaow this past week, we were in awe of how cozy and beautifully decorated this restaurant was on the inside.  Here is what we ordered (our Thai favorites) and the consensus we came to on our overall experience:1. Tom Ka Kai soup ( A lemongrass soup with coconut milk, mushrooms , and chicken)It was rich and delicious with just the right balance of flavors..  but extremely salty.. so much so we could not finish.  Had it not been so salty.. I think it would be the perfect soup.2. Nam Tok Salad (Grilled sliced beef, mint leaves, onion, basil, Thai spicy sauce)We normally fight over the last portion of beef salad, but none of us cared too much for this particular salad.  Again it was overly salty and the portion was quite small.  Maybe a different salad would have suited our taste better, but there was something a bit overpowering .. not sure what.3. Chili Mint Noodles (Stir fried flat rice noodles, onion, chili peppers, jalapeno, basil leaves, egg, and your choice of meat (we chose shrimp)I would have enjoyed eating more of this, but there just wasn't enough of it because they were so stingy with the portions.. noodles don't cost very much..  We've decided to keep looking.
4	There is plenty of help in the restaurant and they seem to stay quite busy. I haven't been to any of the other two locations, but I'm pretty satisfied with what I've seen from this one.They deliver, which is a plus, if you're in the area and willing to pay a couple extra dollars. It's a nice change from what you're accustomed to having delivered (Pizza, Chinese, etc.)The food here is pretty good, but I don't think it's GREAT. I've had better Thai food around town. Regardless, this is a good food option if it's convenient.
2	I always loved this restaurant but moved out of the area & would return a few times but I went today for the first time for their lunch special & was quite disappointed! Portions were so small. There were maybe 2 pieces of small, very dry overcooked chicken. Taste was bland. I don't know if I'll ever go back.
5	I got takeout from here today. I hadn't been there before but I decided to try it out. I'm not adventurous with Thai food, so I typically default to pad se ew. I ordered this, spice level 3, with chicken. Wow! Best pad se ew I've even eaten! It was incredibly flavorful. It was $10, but it was a good portion size, and it tasted amazing! I will definitely be back to get this again and likely check out other parts of the menu.
5	This is by far my most favorite Thai restaurant EVER. The food is delicious, but the red curry I had was too sweet. The pad see ew and chili mint noodles are delicious, but the best things are the beef jerky, stuffed chicken wings, and my favorite the Lemongrass Trout. I get the Lemongrass Trout with Tilapia instead because I don't like to bother with picking out the bones. The dish is delicious and I wish I could eat it every day. I want to try other dishes, but I keep going back to my favorites. Guess I need to go with a bigger group!
2	The lunch specials seem awesome, but the food isnt that great.I felt like everything was missing flavor. I had the beef Thai salad with pad Thai. I also got a Thai tea. Pad thai was horrible. I love pad Thai and have tried it in many places. It lacked so much flavor. Service was good. They were all very attentive. I'm not a fan with waiters coming up and just asking what we want:/ but that's fine. Unfortunately I won't be returning. This place gets so many raves but prommares is 100 times better!
5	Lunch special alert! Big ole plate fulla nummy yummy!  The lunch specials range from $8-10 depending on which meat you select.  There are 10 dishes to choose from that all come with a soup and eggroll or wonton choice.  I opted for the ginger pork with an eggroll, which was delicious.  My only complaint is that their spicy ratings are weak sauce.  But the delicious garlic spicy sauce on the table will remedy that.  Service is prompt, friendly, and efficient.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting with beautiful decor.  Nice date spot too, not noisy at all.And if you're fortunate enough to live near by, they deliver.  Always arrives much sooner than they estimate over the phone.
4	Excellent Red chicken curry, pad Thai, Tom young goon soup. Papaya salad with dried shrimp is excellent.  Excellent customer service
4	Have been there many times and is always so consistent. Great food, very nice staff. I usually get the same thing -Seafood Pad Thai. So yummy.
3	Located in a strip mall with plentiful parking. Lovely mango bellini. The fried tofu left much to be desired but my entree (panang curry) was quite good and was substantial enough for me to have leftovers too. Wait staff was a little pushy at the end; it was only 10 pm and they basically booted us out the door. It gets really busy during regular dinner times but they will seat you even if your entire party is not yet present.
4	looooooove! First off, their staff is super attentive and friendly. You can always come for a quick bite date night. They have a variety of things, all which are great! My fave three things are: Tum Yum Koong, Thai chicken salad, masaman chicken and spicy basil chicken! Yumm!!
3	Great food, great service.
5	Really yummy curry and quick polite service. Definitely a place to eat.
4	After one visit, im impressed. Very good Thai food and an extensive selection of curries, seafood, even drinks. The decor is very impressive to the point of being over the top but hey, you can tell they care a LOT about getting it right. I got duck curry at an 8 spice level, I am used to being nearly in pain at an 8, but it was very manageable here. Very tasty dish and I'll look forward to trying more.service was a little slow,  But they were friendly when you had their attention.
4	Great Thai food and consistently good.  We've been a fan of this restaurant for several years and it helps that they also deliver!!  Some of our favorites:Pork LarbBeef Nam TokGreen Curry ChickenPad ThaiTom YumKung Pao Chicken (Thai Style) different from the usual Chinese style but oh so deliciousEgg Plant with PorkAt times they could stand to be a little friendlier but it's not enough to deter us from eating here.
5	What a great meal. Loved the authentic dress of the wait staff. Very friendly and the food was amazing!
5	My favorite Thai in Las Vegas
4	First time I had I fell in love !! Great good and great prices !! You really can't beat it!
1	Had the worst service ever here today. Found hair in the food also. Won't be returning.
5	Great food, beautiful decor, extremely friendly staff. Excellent restaurant overall!  I will be back!
3	If you read my other reviews you'll see that I'm a Thai food foodie. Whenever I travel I search Yelp for Thai restaurants in search of great Thai food. So, keep in mind that I'm comparing this place with some of my favorite restaurants. This place has fast service.  My cachew chicken was brought out in under 5 minutes, hot and with a generous serving of sticky rice. I ordered medium spicy and it was about a two on a scale of five. I would rate the flavor three out of five. I've had better and worse. I would recommend this place if you're hungry for Thai food and live nearby. This is my first review from Las Vegas, look for at least a couple more.
5	Convenient locations and delicious Pad Thai, this is probably my most visited restaurant.
4	This is a great place to get some thai food. We ordered a pad thai, salmon green curry, and some crispy crab rolls. Everything was very delicious and well prepared. We'll probably go for a yellow curry next time. They also offer a wide range of spices for each persons tastes. Definitely would recommend this place to my friends!
5	My go-to Thai food utopia. Lake mead and rainbow is the best location and that only  one I will go to. I love the shrimp pad-thai and these people have anything tofu, mastered. Everyone should go here, and if u happen to try their other locations first, you will be even happier with the original.
4	So Thai food is slightly adventurous for my taste. So we started the meal with a bottle of white wine which was great. Then we had three appetizers the crab Rangoon the chicken satay and deep-fried shrimp with cream cheese. They were all very good. Then we all decided to share the pad Thai with shrimp and a wonderful soup with lemongrass and coconut.  Then we had a fantastic grilled pineapple with coconut ice cream and a butter rum sauce that was really the star.  Great service too. I would go back even though I'm not the biggest fan of Thai I thought the food was good.
5	I've been here at least more than five times and the food has always been delicious! They have great lunch specials from 11am-3pm, which comes with an entree, soup, rice, wontons or egg rolls for under $10. I also love how conveniently close it is to the gym - nice post-workout meal!
4	SERVICE:Every time I've come here I've ordered take out so I'm not familiar with the waitress' service but they always greet me when I walk in and out. FOOD:Curry here tastes very authentic and perfect. I like how they give you a scale of 1-10 for spiciness instead of just mild/medium/hot. The mango tasted fresh and sweet. Mm mmm mmmm. Next time I'll have to order other items.
3	I've been on a journey to find some really good Thai food. I was pretty stoked to try this place. My friend and I just coincidently passed and decided to give it a try. The location felt kind of random, there's not much around it. Atmosphere:The lighting was pretty dim, which was fine. We were confused at first because it was empty and dark, we thought it was closed. A waitress popped out from the back and seated us. Food:I'm not that into pad thai, but once in awhile I'll get a craving. I decided to give it a try and satisfy my craving. It was okay, not "omg I need to have it again," but I probably won't need to have it again for awhile. They ask the scale of spiciness you want 1-10. I decided to get a 6 so there would be a little bit of kick, but not too much. I didn't really notice the spice when I ate it. My friend thoroughly enjoyed his eggplant plate if you're in the mood for something different!I think I'll come here again and try the curry. Service: The waitress was kind of attentive. It took us awhile to get our bill. We were just sitting and talking, waiting for the bill to come. But at least she gave us a refill on our water a couple of times!
4	We've been dining at Pin Kaow for some time and this is the first time officially reviewing:Atmosphere:  This is actually what an up-scale Bangkok restaurant looks like inside; we know because my wife and I visited Thailand in January.  The ambiance is warm, relaxing, and classy; adorned with wood-lined walls, good use of natural and dark colors, and the staff dress in authentically traditional Thai clothing.Staff:  Warm, friendly, inviting, and very amused when Americans attempt to speak Thai.  They made great recommendations and nailed the order dead on!  Our drinks were always filled and anything we requested, they brought out to our table with a hurry.Food:  We split the stewed eggplant and chili fried rice w/pork.  The eggplant was freaking amazing...haven't had Thai eggplant in a while.  The chili fried rice was really tasty and was ordered at a spice level of 9, I asked for a side of fish sauce with thai chili for some extra kick; simple and delicious.  Really encapsulated traditional thai flavor and simplicity.  Oh yeah...crab rangoon was amazing...and yes, that's a traditional Thai dish.Price:  Totally affordable.  Dinner portions are large so you can split them if necessary.  Overall,This place really tries hard to replicate that authentic Thai taste and feel; they've come very close.
4	We go here for either my birthday or my mom's birthday. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. The only thing I have a problem with is the spiciness of some of the food we order. Depending on who makes it, it can be pretty mild to pretty hot. But other than that, service is good and so is the atmosphere.
5	I usually dont eat Thai food. but when I do, this is the place. For you Latino and non Latino spicy lovers 1-10 heat level is available. Easy access and parking. Staff friendley, quiet, didn't even hear clacking of silver ware. Awesome woodwork decor. Authentic, along with the staff's authentic Thailand dress wear. The food, "Caliente Bueno".
5	Service is excellent and the food is always on point!  My boyfriend and I are thai food enthusiast and this spot is definitely acceptable.  Love the atmosphere of the place.
3	This restaurant is pretty good. I've had better for better pricing but the flavors are not that far from authentic, just a little bland. More variety on the menu would be nice, such as adding some more creative and unique twists to original recipes. Service is always pretty good as well worth a try but have had better.
4	My sister was visiting from the east coast and we decided to have dinner here on March 30th and we were blown away, but (not literally). I have been eyeing this restaurant for quite some time and always a little leery, due to its location. On the suggestion of my daughter, since she knows I'm a little picky, we said "let's try it". Sooooo happy that we did. What a pleasant surprise when we walked into the dining room! A beautiful atmosphere...terrific service...oh!, and the food was great. We had Salmon Padthai and Duck Fried Rice. Yes, I'm going back. Would like to try the lunch menu. Thanks for a surprisingly wonderful experience.
2	Last nights dinner (take out) was disappointing.  We have ordered a couple times from here in the past, and this was not what we remembered.... or perhaps we have just been to enough other top-notch Thai restaurants since then?  We ordered the Crying Tiger beef, catfish green curry, and chicken pad thai.    The crying tiger beef was ok -- it was basically a steak with a little heap of salad and a big wedge of cabbage.   The sauce was good, but we would have preferred if the steak were marinated in it more.  Catfish Green Curry was pretty good, but a little salty.   Otherwise we would go back for that dish!the Pad Thai was well, pitiful.   Cooked well, but hardly any flavor - not what one would expect from pad thai.     Added some of our own lime juice (it did not come with any lime) which made it more palatable.   Needed more sauce and it would have been good. Overall, not a bad meal, but we probably won't be back -- Especially not for their prices!
5	Yelp lead us out of town business travelers here for Sunday lunch. We both decided to go simple and order Pad Thai. I at level 1 and with tofu and my colleague at level 7 with chicken. Skipped appetizers and drinks. Food was wonderful and portion was great. Probably a bit more than I needed to eat but it was so good I got through most of it. We were seated quickly. Service was prompt and courteous. Server checked on us a few times but not too much. Overall a great experience. If I was from the area, could see it as a regular spot.
5	Best Thai Hands down!!!!!
4	Local Thai restaurant is a standout.  Great daily specials, diverse menu, gracious service and relaxing ambience makes this place a culinary experience.  Drinks and Rieslings complement the 1-10 option on the mouthwatering dishes.  Appetizers, seafood, tofu, curries eggplant, noodles, desserts-all delicious.  Love the drunken seafood chow mein, duck curry and eggplant with tofu.  Easy parking and spacious inside.
5	I have been to a lot of Thai restaurants in Las Vegas, and nothing compares to the quality of food found in Pin Kaow.  The customer service is also top notch.
4	I've lived nearby it before and had never gone in, I had heard good things from people who's food opinions I trusted and decided that today is the day. Their lunch specials were great, something everyone could enjoy and great prices. There were no pictures of the entrees so I was a little worried but when my food arrived it was lovely, delicious pad Thai awesomeness. Everyone at our table cleaned their plates (except for me because, you know, I'm a dainty flower and large portions for me means doggie bag left overs for the boyfriend.) Their Thai tea was perfect, it made me smile and I had to use some self control instead of just chugging the whole glass. The food was authentic and fresh and  delicious and their prices make it even better. Now I know where to go when my Thai food cravings hit again. And the name of the place is fun to say...
4	The Lake Mead/Rainbow location is the best. The staff is always friendly even when they are slammed. I can't think of a thing I've tried and didn't like. My husband likes really spicy food but me, not so much. I love that we can customize how spicy our dishes are with a number 1-10. He always gets 7 spice and I get 2. Favorites when dining in are the silver noodle soup, shrimp and cream cheese tempura, pad see ew, pad woon sen, and black bean scallop. We've ordered the silver noodle soup to go a few times and each time it was mostly broth so we don't bother doing that any more.
5	I love love love this place ! I'm not a big thai food person , but I love this place. I love all the employees they are very friendly , service has always been great. The food is delicious , one thing about thai food is that I have sensitive taste buds so we been to a few other places but by far this is the best because it's still very flavorful without being overwhelming . I love the beef thai salad it's my favorite and the best I've had . They have a pretty big menu for those who like to taste different stuff. I'm a wimp so I normally get like a 3 spice hahaha had 9 before big mistake it sets my mouth on fire be careful with the spice I recommend going with a low spice and just asking for a spice rack! Anyways happy dinning to all , highly recommend this place (;
4	I frequent this place when I'm in the mood for thai. It's on my way home from work so I call it in as im leaving and it's always ready for pickup when I get there. The last visit I ordered the panang curry level 5, chicken pad thai and cream cheese rangoons. The rangoons are my favorite they were crispy with lots of delicious filling (just cream cheese and scallion) and they come with a sweet dipping sauce. I ate those puppies in the car omw home lol. Anyways total for everything came to about $35. It was a bit pricey for just one person but I figured I would make at least 2/3 meals out of everything so when u break it down its not bad at all.I was disappointed with the pad thai it didn't have very much flavor. The panang curry was good and the spice level was just right. You can get it spiced from 1 to 10 with 10 being the hottest. I don't know how some people get a 10! I have also had the yellow curry chicken from there and I really enjoyed that. It comes with chunks of potatoes and carrots and I think bamboo but maybe u have to request that I can't remember. I have never dined in but the restaurant looks clean. The cashier who does the to-go could probably use a smile but that won't keep me from coming back.
5	Rad Nar (pan fried noodles with Chinese broccoli) is the bomb sooo good, must try at lunch.
1	Sent my food back literally four times due to lack of spice and temperature. I unequivocally made it clear how sick I'm feeling and how hot I needed my soup to help clear my throat. I feel I was the product of shift change and them stereotyping white people. Our second waiter never returned and I had to get the manager involved who still couldn't get the cook to heat my soup up to boiling. I am so shocked and disappointed giving the fact that I was really looking forward to this to help with my cold. :/
4	LOVED IT! I love Le Thai, but seen the reviews and decided to give it a try! We got the Panang curry and combination fried rice. I'm pretty picky with Thai food because not every Thai restaurant is good. I've actually went to one that was down right gross and literally made me sick. I was off Thai food for a while until my friend had me go to Le Thai and reminded me as why I loved it. this place is pretty much as good as Le Thai but I do feel like I get more food at Le Thai. Next time I go I'm going to have to see but I'm pretty sure I do. None the less this place was good. I just wish it was a little bigger servings. (Maybe I just eat too much lol)
1	Unprofessional staffOverpriced foodWill never go back there again. This is my 3rd bad experience here.
1	I have been coming to this location for quite some time now, and this was the WORST EXPERIENCE I've ever had. We went 10 minutes after their opening time. There was a host that did not greet us as we came in. Just asked how many n Pointed us to the table, drop the menus at the end of the table and walked off. I noticed that in the corner was management paperwork scattered on table. Mind you we have been sitting for 10 minutes now. No one has came to our table asked for drinks nothing. It wasnt even busy, a few deuces nothing out of control to be ignored. The host and a gentleman were standing at the podium talking away. I can see them cause it's the first table off the right behind them. A Single Gentlemen came not to long after we did and right away he attended with water asking if he's having his usual and second after his soup was brought to his table. Finally after they were done taking care of him than they came to the table to ask for our drinks. We also ordered right away because we weren't sure if we would be waiting some more. Still waiting for the drinks! We only oder 4 waters and a small sake for myself. Finally the manager arrived with our drinks and it was a drop and go kindof thing. The sake was so hot I couldn't even grab it. Usually they wrap a napkin or something so you don't burn yourself. I wasn't paying attention and wow! They food came out moment after the drinks. Felt rushed! I ordered beef and broccoli as always and I ask the host chick for lemon wedges because that's how I eat my food. Just a blank stare, she walked away and spoke with another server pointed at us with this look on her face like we did something wrong.  Food was ok nothing to brag about.  The rice seem old and was clumps of it plus tasted burnt. They were so quick to drop the check off. And another coworker that had just came in to start his shift came right after I put the tip in the book, (yes I did tip, I'm in the business so I understand the tipping process) but they made it seem as if I wasn't leaving nothing and grabbed it right away to see if I did leave something.  It's very heart felt that  we may not come here as often as we use to because of our location. (Aliante area to be exact)  We still try and make our way to their side of town, or if we're the neighborhood to stop in and grab a bite. Their are a few of the servers that recognize us and there inviting with open arms ALWAYS. But none of them were their and this was our out come! Very edited version.... Get with the program Pin Kaow!
4	This was my first time trying Thai food, though my husband has eaten it many times before.  We were told to try this restaurant by my sister (who is a picky eater) and her husband.  It was delicious! I had the Pad See Ew and it was so delicious.  I loved the thick noodles, broccoli, and chicken.  My husband ordered the Pad Thai and like it.  He loves very spicy food so he tried an 8/10 but says he will get a 10/10 next time.  The service was good as well and for 2pm on a Sunday afternoon, there were plenty of people eating there.  One star down for the expensive $10 app we ordered.  It was some kind of shrimp/crap friend roll, which consisted of 4 super skinny pieces.  Not worth it, but overall we will be coming back!
2	Overly hyped. Small portions for high prices. Service was lacking. Food isn't all that great. Spice level sucks! Got 10 and it barely had a kick.
5	Friendly service, good atmosphere, and a respectable level of spice. I had the Hell Curry on a whim and tried the Duck Basil. Both were very good, although I would personally go for my old standby of green or red curry if I return to the area.
5	I love love love this place! I've been to Thailand and I love the food here very good and very close to the true flavors you would find in the homeland! Highly recommended and always packed! They offer daily specials and happy hour specials. I eat here every time I'm in Las Vegas. I can't get enough of this wonderful restaurant! Xrxy! (Delicious!)Marshana
5	Seafood dishes are good. Beef jerky is yummy. Yellow curry seafood is my favorite. Always make room for sticky rice with mangoes or get it to go. Definitely one of my comfort food.
5	This place is delicious!! The pad Thai was the best I have ever had! It has the perfect amount if spice! The spring rolls are to die for! I got my food to go and cannot wait to have it again!!!
2	This was my third choice after Lotus had an hour wait and Chada is closed for the week. I ordered the vegetable panang curry and chicken mint noodles. I asked the waitress how much it would be to substitute the brown rice for the white rice that comes with the panang curry and she said it was the same price as the side order. This made no sense so I asked the "manager" about the policy and all she said was yes brown rice 3 dollars. If you are a manager of a establishment where your customers are primarily American you need to know how to communicate in English. After having my first bite of the panang curry I could tell Pin Kaow serves Americanized Thai food. I should have known when I walked in and did not see once person of Asian decent. Back to the panang curry; it tasted like I was having straight up butter with minimal spice on top of my rice. The mint noodles tasted good but also overly sweet to appeal to the American customer. The noodles sat on a bed of wilted romaine lettuce which made the dish unappealing. The only plus is that they serve brown rice but I will not be back because the manager cannot explain the policies and the food is one dimensional and completely Americanized.
5	I'm Thai and when it comes to looking for authentic Thai cuisines, Pin Kaow is always the first thought that comes to mind! I love their entrees; there's many selections to choose from! I usually order panang, larb, pad see ew, pad thai, and Tom Yum majority of the time and they've always been scrumptious and splendid! I've never really ever had a bad experience with my visits here nor the South Rainbow one. So far, this place is a five-star and I highly recommend it. Food's delicious, service was consistent, wait was fair, atmosphere's welcoming and mellow, and prices are good!(This is a copy/paste of the same review I left for the S. Rainbow Pin Kaow. Just thought I might as well leave a great review for the North as well since my experiences with both were fantastic!) Hope others can agree!
4	This was my second new Thai Food discovery in recent weeks. On the way home from an event at the Suncoast, the Mrs. and I knew we were going to stop for dinner, but what would we have? She suggested Thai food, but her favorite spot was too far in the other direction. We turned to Yelp and found Pin Kaow conveniently located just off the 95. Based soley on appearance from the outside, I was expecting to stand in line, order at the counter, take a number and wait. Boy was I wrong. This is a full blown, sit down and be waited on restaurant. We were seated immediately and the service was great. The Crab Rangoon appetizer was the best I've had and the sweet and sour pork was like none I had never seen. It was not breaded, rather pieces of tender pork in a spicy sweet and sour sauce, complimented with peppers, onions and carrots. I sampled the Mrs.' Panang and thought it was great. I have nothing to compare it to, as this was my first experience with Panang. The berry sangria was a nice addition to the meal. The wood decor gave a nice elegant feeling in somewhat of a casual atmosphere. A solid four star experience without breaking the bank. A great place for a date night dinner, or a casual meal with friends.
4	Pin Kao is absolutely delicious! However last time we were there, it did take an unusually long amount of time for our main course to arrive. It took such a long time that my brother and I ended up wanting to cancel it. We asked our waitress to cancel our order of Pad Thai and her attitude immediately changed. We felt very rushed like she was really wanting us to leave and it was not busy. I could barely finish my Thai Iced Tea in time.. and she took the check so fast I didn't have time to leave a sufficient tip! I would recommend this place anyway because the food is too good to deny!
5	Awesome curry and chili mint noodles. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat around town.
4	Service is always solid, food is good. Great lunch specials that are quick and not over priced.
5	Out and about trying new things, though we give Thai a try.. Of course went to our awesome guide on Yelp! Brought us to this little thai restaurant shop away from the strip... We were immediately seated and was ask for appetizer and drinks.. The service was very fast... We took a glance and decided on food.. Papaya salad was ordered and so was Pad Thai... As a person who often look for good Thai i asked for the waitress recommendation-- Pad See ew Chicken... Which is chinese style fat rice noodle(chow fun style) with chicken, and thai spicing.. Very good and strong flavoring... Really loved it, their papaya salad is different from what im used to due to the fact the pepper were all green and wasnt mixed well into the salad... Overall id you're looking for a quick Thai fix... This is the place to be :D
3	Family and I have been going to Pin Kaow for years, and it was always one of our go-to Thai restaurants in Las Vegas!Was in Las Vegas last weekend for a friend's wedding, but I had time to go grab lunch with my parents at Pin Kaow in the Northwest part of town off of Lake Mead and Rainbow. We ordered from the lunch menu special. I got the red curry with chicken, and my parents got the pad thai with beef and the basil chicken. Each of the lunch specials is between $8-10, depending on the type of meat that you get with it. Beef and seafood are a little bit more expensive, while chicken and tofu fall on the cheaper end.We also got a couple appetizers - the fish cake ($8.95), as well as the chicken satay ($8.95). My dad is a huge fan of both of these dishes, and we've been ordering them since I was a little kid. The fish cake is served with the thai sweet chili sauce with the cucumber, which you should put on top of your fish cake. So yummy! The chicken satay has the peanut sauce on the side, which we are also huge fans of. We also ordered a couple drinks, and with tax, lunch came out to about $50 for 3 people, so not too shabby at all.The 800 other times we have been here, we have also ordered things like the beef rad nar, which has the thicker noodles with beef, broccoli and a gravy sauce. We also like the mint chicken, shrimp pad thai, and yellow curry. I always get my dishes with a spice level of 5 (on a 10 point scale) and it is just right. Now if you ask me where it falls on the scale of best Thai restaurants, I have to give the nod to Lotus of Siam first (5-star), and then it's a close decision between Pin Kaow and Archi's. I may have to give the nod to Archi's here though, because their flavor and spices seem to be a little bit better than Pin Kaow. Nonetheless, it is still a great option. The service here is better than Archi's and other Thai restaurants, and the ambience is terrific. It's also conveniently located about 2 miles away from my parent's house and was always the most feasible option for us. Love the food, love the service, will definitely be back.
5	Great experience overall. We came to visit family here in Vegas from Long Beach, California and never had thai food and it was soo delicious. Everything was great from service to food. :)
2	I have been to Pin Kaow many times and the food is very good. However, I went there last night at 9:25pm and immediately upon walking in the manager told me the restaurant will be closing in 15 minutes.  Clearly on the front door it says they close at 10pm. However, the real issue is they should have been much more accommodating to any customer, especially a regular customer. Instead they unnecessarily turned down business. I went to Gaati Thai restaurant right after and they were much more accommodating and have much better food. They also close at 10pm and even though I got there at 9:45, they still set up a table and did not rush the meal at all. I will never go back to Pin Kaow and will no longer recommend it to friends and family. That is thousands of dollars lost for their lack of customer service and decency.
3	Used to love this place. The food here is very good but so bland in flavor, you wouldn't realize it until you try real authentic thai food. For a better experience with thai food I suggest mk thai cuisine.
5	Tonight I give them 5 stars.  I walked in and the staff noticed that I wasn't feeling so well.  They rushed to clean off a table to seat us.  They suggested having soup.  Offered tea or hot water since they heard that I was congested.The place was packed (8pm on a Friday night), but I still felt like everyone was attentive.  Not just to our table, but to everyone else.The courses were brought out in good time frames as we never had a time where we were waiting.  We had Pad See Ew, Crab Rangoons, and Tom Yung Kung soup. We enjoyed each dish.Would definitely come back.  :-)
1	Company policy is not to serve eggplant in panang curry among other vegetable combinations. Not that  there is an extra charge which I would understand, but that they simply would not make it due to their "company policy" . I think that this restaurant has forgot their purpose for being in business: to make people's food the way their customers like to eat it, while charging what is fair, and getting their customers to want to return. Having company policies about which ingredients are allowed and which aren't is absurd. We didn't even stay to attempt to eat, why should I pay for a meal that is made the way the cook wants to make it rather than the way I want to eat it.
5	Been by a thousand times. Finally stopped in. What a find. Great food and very nicely decorated . This one is recommended.
4	I have been ordering food from them to go on numbers of occasions.  I love their Fried Rice and Pad Thai... The BEST in the town... however, I hate their TO GO service counter as the woman there is very mean.... She will not talk to you, not look at you, not greet you if she is processing payment... She will just say "Sir, I am busy, just wait a  minute OK"  NOT NICE... I have told her couple of times that there is a better way to say it... But Oh well!  Good environment, other staff and food is awesome...
5	Had a great experience on Friday night!  We walked in and were greeted right away.  The decor is simple, but elegant. The place was full, but we were seated in the last booth, which made me excited.  The server was very attentive, greeted us. and was prompt throughout the meal.  We ordered chicken pad see ew and chicken panang. It was delicious. The only thing I can say is that their spicing grading system can be off.  I love the heat, but my husband not as much. He had beads of sweat rolling off his head.
5	I'm sorry. This place everything taste homemade. I don't know a thing about this kinda food! !!! But I know this is the best I ever had ever! My partner and I shared Kung Pow chicken, Mongolian beef and pot stickers! My roommate had shrimp soup! He loved it too!!! Omgosh I'm so happy with service and quality food!
4	The service here is excellent. The staff is very attentive good with the beverage refills. I ordered the combo Fried rice and my companion had Pad Thai and the green salad. We also shared an order of Spring rolls. Everything tasted freshly prepared and flavorful. I had hot green tea and she had an alcoholic drink that she raved about. So of course she had two. A very good dining experience.
5	Favorite thai place! I'm obsessed with the crab rangoon and yellow curry!
4	Good food, good service. Minced chicken, pad siew, and stuffed chicken wing all very good.
5	The perfect place to go for a lovely evening., featuring extraordinary service, excellent Thai food, and a romantic (in that it's quiet, has background music playing, and is softly lit) atmosphere. The closest to  authentic Thai atmosphere I've seen outside of Bangkok. Highlights: all the food, of course, but in addition a full bar with great cocktails, attentive but NOT obtrusive wait staff (we especially appreciate that they do not hover and scoop up one diner's plate while the others are still eating), taking drink and appetizer orders before the main entree orders AND not serving the entrees until the appetizers were consumed.We cannot wait to go back--our new fave Thai place--even better than Archi's!
2	I was really unimpressed. My boyfriend and I went in wanting pad thai like we are used to finding at other restaurants. What we got was expensive, not anything special, and a small portion size.
3	I love Thai food and going to Vegas I usually stop by the same place. I wanted to try something different so my friend took me here. There are a few items I usually order when I try Thai. I usually get the Pad Thai and some green curry chicken. Pad Thai was ok. Didn't have the abundance of flavor that I get at other places. The green curry chicken was good. I got it at a pretty medium spice level and it went good with rice. The sauce was pretty good offering a creamy taste that went well with the chicken. This place isn't bad. It gets super busy so be sure to come early to avoid lines!
1	Bad customer service tried to order takeout the lady who was answering the phone put me on hold 3 times. Rarely understands english I guess whenever she didn't understand me she put me on hold and she makes me repeat my order and i was asking about the menu i didn' t remember exactly to order she put me on hold again n other lady answer the phone and she was rude as well so i was asking do i have to go over my order again? she was like no i have your order then you tell me earlier instead of say nothing so i just felt why am i waste my time here? Plz do have knowledge of your menu and basic phone manner to the customer i used love their foods but i guess not anymore!!!!
5	Love the mint chicken and sticky from here. Plus the waiting staff is really friendly and always go out there way to make you happy. I highly recommend eating here they are almost like home cooking very good
3	Atmosphere feels intimate which is common in Thai food. I have been here many times over the past few years. I REALLY enjoy the catfish curry. Wasn't too impressed with the pad Thai though. Brought my 3 brothers here to try Thai food for the first time.... That can be picky at times. They loved it! The only suggestion I would make is for the staff to smile. Maybe they were having a rough day or something but the past couple of times I have been in, the staff look grumpy :(
4	Like many restaurants it comes down to what you order. Took the advice of another yelper and got chicken pad see ew. Great flavor and awesome dish. Only problem was ordered spicy and it was not. Shrimp cakes reminded me of shrimp toast you used to get at Chinese restaurants. Rating on this restaurant is very very good
1	It's always been okay Thai food (not the best) but unfortunately I had the experience of finding a bug in the curry tonight. Well, my boyfriend found it. His face suddenly turned to disgust and when I looked at his plate no mistakenly was a pretty long leg of what looked like a cricket. There was no denying it because it was still attached to the pelvic region of the insect. I'm a pretty forgiving person but that's incredibly unsanitary. Makes me worry about what goes on back there.
3	Loved the atmosphere but didn't love the food. I wasn't very impressed with the Tom Yum soup here compared to places I have had this soup from. Food was a bit pricey for its location & quality. Wouldn't be my first choice to come for Thai cusine.
4	This restaurant has a delightful, welcoming atmosphere and consistently serves quality food.  The wait staff is always friendly and the service is above average. It has been our 'go to' restaurant for years and never disappoints.  From the decor to the traditional garb worn by the wait staff, it's easy to feel like you are eating in Thailand. Whether it's a special celebration or if you're looking for a quiet, charming place to take guests or meet up with friends, consider going to Pin Kaow. You will not be disappointed.
3	I visited Pin Kaow at the South Rainbow location and have always been very pleased, however, I am not having similar experiences at the Lake Mead and Rainbow location. I have only placed pick up orders from N. Rainbow and the first time my masaman curry was barely edible. It was obvious that they forgot to add a very crucial spice. I thought I would give them a second chance tonight and just opened my crab rangoon and the sauce is missing. I must warn you; their food is delicious but if you are placing an order to pick up I strongly suggest ensuring that you are satisfied before driving away.
5	Pin Kaow ~ The Best Thai Food in Las Vegas!!I am Asian, and Pin Kaow is my favorite Thai/Asian restaurant in Las Vegas!!The food is always consistently good.  The prices of their entrees are very affordable.They have great Lunch Specials which includes, soup, appetizer, main dish & rice for less than $10.  Served from 11am -3pm.For dinner, portions are larger and there are lots of choices.  Dinner entrees are very reasonably priced.For great Thai food... go to Pin Kaow on Rainbow & Lake Mead.http://www.pinkaow.com
4	OMG! Delicious. Scrumptious. Calamari appy great! Duck basil. Black Bean shrimp. Chili fried rice with BIG chunks of chicken.  Great atmosphere. A real find
4	I got the Chef's Special Pumpkin Curry with Chicken ($10.95). Very good curry sauce though a touch too sweet. Generous amount of Asian pumpkin chunks which were tasty. The chicken was very overcooked and chewy. I'd recommend this curry though. Their spiciness scale (1-10) is conservative FYI. I got a #6 and it wasn't very spicy at all...I would have called it a 3 or 4. Service is good and the place is nice on the inside.
2	This used to be a favorite place until the last two times where items were left out of our takeout order. The first time I blamed the person picking up the order for not checking before leaving the restaurant to see if they forgot anything. This time the item we ordered had been sold out AFTER we ordered but before we picked up so PinKaow decided to sub a different item and not tell us. They lied and said it was the item we ordered. When it was brought home it was obvious that we didn't get what we ordered. After a long wait on the phone we finally find out what happened and then they hung up. This is so beyond unacceptable. Their food is ok - WHEN you get what you ordered. I doubt we will come back.
4	The coconut salt scrub that they provide in their bathrooms is amazing! Seriously, ladies head to the restroom and try it out. It will leave your hands silky, soft and smooth. We especially appreciated it on our hands after having rock climbed all day. Unfortunately, the scrub is not available in the men's restroom, which is a shame, because I think the guys would appreciate it as much as the ladies. The restaurant features lots of  beautifully carved wood, which creates a serene environment. You are served by beautiful authentically attired Thai servers. Their costumes are gorgeous. The food is delicious, typical Thai fare. No complaints here! If you are looking for a cute Thai spot for a date place this is the place to come. If you are looking for Thai food in a beautiful relaxing environment this is also the place to come.
2	Larb smelled off and treated like dust.  Soup was OK, music was annoying saxophone elevator stuff.  Staff was nice, but not coming back.
4	I liked this place. Got the pumpkin curry with shrimp. Not sure the shrimp are worth the price but I thought the food was good and the service was good. Not sure if I'll return, but would recommend it...worth a try!
3	VERDICT: Some food is done very well.  You have to know what to order or you'll be sorry.Let me start by saying what I don't like at Pin Kaow.  Their curry is not very good.  I don't know what flavor it is that sets me off, but it reminds me of uncooked flour.  I actually can't stand the flavor.  The other thing at Pin Kaow that is horrible is their chicken.  I don't know if they age their chicken before serving it or what.  Their chicken has a strange texture and is quite flavorless, unless, of course, you love the flavor of uncooked flour.Authentic?  I hope notNow let's talk about what is good.  Their Thai beef jerky is addicting to the Nth degree.  If you've never had Thai beef jerky, you must try it.  It is one of the best foods in the world.  They take strips of beef and dry them and then, the best part, they deep fry them.  It's served with a sweet and spicy sauce.  It's truly a mouth orgasm that you have to experience.The other item that I recommend is the Tom Ka Koon, a delicious spicy soup made with coconut milk and shrimp.  The Tom Ka at Pin Kaow has an amazing complex flavor that only comes with good Thai food.  It's another must try.That's it.  That's all I ever get and all I ever need to get.  As far as I'm concerned, Pin Kaow should change its name to Thai Beef Jerky and Tom Ka Koon store.  Delicious!
5	We stick to our usual when we come to Pin Kaow, we order the Tom Ka Kai, which is this scrumptious soup with mushrooms chicken and a coconut lemony broth... The taste is so much better than the description, I promise. We also get the pad see ew, which is perfect if you love stir fry noodles. The beef and greens that come with it, top it off PERFECTLY. We also get the pad Thai every once in a while.
5	Our first time and we're really glad we did. We'll definitely become regulars. The spring rolls were light and perfectly cooked (most places seem to over cook or use old oil). We tried the crab fried rice and chili noodles. Both were wonderful. Small inside but very clean and nice, much better than you'd expect from your typical strip mall location. Good atmosphere, great service and wonderfully prepared dishes.
4	Really good pad Thai, but can get expensive. I recommend going for their lunch specials other wise it can get expensive of you start ordering rice, chow mien, etc. the lunch chicken pad Thai and the chicken Thai salad are really good.
5	The red curry with beef is one of my all time favorite dishes. I called in my order on my way home from work and it was ready the moment I walked in. Excellent food that is prepared quickly and with superior quality.  Great prices too!
1	Bad Customer service food quality not that great. Paid for my meal received a dollar ripped in half. I asked for another dollar. The waitress brought me back a dollar of pennies and nickels. Not worth the price you pay compared to Siam Thai kitchen which is much better quality and price. .
1	After hearing such great things from so many people about Pin Kaow, I was really excited to try it! We walked in and were impressed by the atmosphere - on the outside it looks like a hole in the wall, but it's decorated beautifully and looks very modern inside. Unfortunately, the food is just not up to par and I was very disappointed.I ordered chicken pad thai at a 6, my usual order. It came and was definitely not a 6 - tasted more like a 3 or 4. It was so dry...didn't taste fresh to me and I kind of think it was reheated- it came out so quickly, less than 10 minutes after we ordered, and the restaurant was fairly busy on a Saturday afternoon. There was hardly any chicken in it, and the chicken that was in there was all gristle! It was DISGUSTING. I ate maybe 1/4 of my dish and ended up spitting out most of the chicken, which is not really my favorite thing to be seen doing in a restaurant. Service was good, though nobody questioned why my meal was practically untouched. They bring out oranges when you're finished which is a lovely gesture, but I can't see myself returning. I really hope to find a better Thai place!
4	Love this place!  The red curry is great,  as well as the mint pork. Yum! Their regular 1-10 spice level isn't THAT spicy so I usually get a 10 and it is just right.  The service is great,  maybe not overwhelmingly friendly but fine.  The interior is not what you would expect from the strip-mallish exterior as it is warm and inviting. Certainly a regular Thai stop.
4	The consistency is what does it here.  Like any restaurant you will have an "off" serving, but I have been here many times and the quality is consistently good.  Their spice level tends to be on the mild side so you'll have to up your number by one or two.  Although less authentic then say "Lotus of Siam" and (no comparison in the wine selection) the quality is on par.  Great find in the Henderson area.
