3	I have asked a lot of questions of folks about sushi so I know what I should be looking for when I order. From what I read on it the rice should be packed well so it holds together.I ordered a Philly roll and a shrimp sushi along with a bento box that contained chicken teriyaki, shrimp and veggie tempura, salad and a California roll. It came with miso soup. You might guess from my above statement on the rolls the rice did not hold together the whole thing fell apart. But I ate it and I could not really decide if it had flavour. The shrimp seemed to me rather rubbery. The tempura was fairly heavy and I prefer a very light version and the veggies were not as crisp as I like. The shrimp tempura was all batter and no real shrimp flavour. I really liked the salad, very crisp and a good dressing. The chicken teriyaki was very tender and quite flavourful, while the miso soup was fine but it bit more like a chicken broth than a miso. This came in at 19 bucks and change.This is a new store very close to my home yet I am not sure if I will be back. I mean it was ok, but did not grab me.Oh the young lady serving me was very pleasant. As was the older woman who took the money.
3	service may not be their strongest point but their sushi is good. They have great lunch specials and Happy Hour specials!
5	I only visit Akai Hana when I am in town visiting a friend.  To be honest, this little gem is one of the reasons why I love visiting her so much!Akai Hana has a great happy hour with very good deals, a decent selection of sushi and hot appetizers.  The rolls and sushi are abundant and fresh.  I suggest the Las Vegas roll: it's spicy and cream-cheesy.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  A definite bonus.
2	While I appreciate the addition of a sushi restaurant out here in Goodyear, I must say that I'd just rather drive to Westgate and eat at Be Sushi if I want sushi. My husband and I dropped in for a quick dinner the other day before grocery shopping. He can't eat much fish at all, so he ordered some gyoza and a tempura shrimp roll. He enjoyed his food, but I tasted the gyoza and it was more deep fried than pan fried, which I did not like. I had the spicy tuna roll and the veggie tempura. The tuna roll was fine - not bad, but not notably good. The tempura was good, and I was surprised (and pleased) to find eggplant among the veggie-ness.The water they served us was horrendous. I generally just like water with sushi, unless I am drinking a beer (which I wasn't in the mood for that night). I had to order an iced-tea to get the horrible taste of the water out of my mouth.The only other criticism I have for the place is that their servingware looks like, well, hand-me-downs. I kept thinking, 'Didn't this place just recently open?' It had that "hole-in-the-wall" feel inside that is only quaint to me when the place A) has been around forever and B) is the most delicious thing ever. So, to quote Yelp, "Meh. I've experienced better."
4	We have been here many times and the food and service are always good.  The prices are reasonable.  My wife and kids love the sushi.
1	I don't even want to give one star but you can't post if you don't mark anything so against my better judgement, one star, under protest, it will be.I have to say I will NEVER go back to this place again!!!! I don't know if management has changed but I can tell you that the service here has been continuously declining over the past year and TONIGHT was the W-O-R-S-T!!!! They definitely need to have 2 people behind the sushi bar because the one person thing just doesn't cut it. Even when the place is almost empty, it takes FOREVER to get your sushi. We've lived in Goodyear now for almost 7 yrs, meaning when we first moved to this side of the valley there were no restaurants, especially sushi places until the last 3 yrs maybe. When this place first opened we were so excited because it was much closer to home, at the time the service was excellent and fast, and the quality and quantity was worth the price. Forget that! You'd be better off going to the grocery store and buying their sushi. We ordered a total of 4, count them, 4 rolls tonight. The first roll was delivered rather quickly. Nice surprise, however it wasn't one of the ones I had ordered so I waited patiently. The second roll, again, not one that I had ordered was delivered probably within the next 5-10 minutes later. Wow, we thought. Service seems a little better than last time. BIG MISTAKE FOR THINKING THAT!!!!!!!! Holy crap, sat waiting for almost another 30-35 minutes watching all these other orders going out for people who came in some time AFTER, yes I said AFTER, we did but not our 2 measly rolls. We also had to be our own server when it came to refilling our drink. Server never came back to refill so I got up and refilled our drinks myself. Too bad we didn't order alcohol because i would have gone back to get that as well. I finally decided I had had enough and we got up to leave. When I was approaching the female server to ask for a bill for the sushi we did get and explain the situation she walked right by me like I was invisible or something. She came past me a second time and when I started to speak to her, she ignored me and walked over to a table that was cancelling an order because it was taking too long for them as well. When she walked past me the 3rd time and ignored me I happened to mention in a loud voice that I must be standing there for my health or something. Finally I walked over to the curtain that they have to divide the register, kitchen and hall to bathrooms from the dining area and told the lady we wanted to cancel our order, wanted the bill for what we got and that we would never come back again because service was so horrible. She said OK thank you, so we walked out. Hey, wait a minute, I think they owe me money since I had to play waitress. You know, we love, and I mean love sushi but I'd rather have to drive out of the way to a place where I know we will get service promptly and with a smile even if the place is packed to the gills, no pun intended
4	Wow!  I am really surprised by the luke warm reviews, We LOVE this place.  We moved from Hawaii a year ago, and miss fresh sushi, luckly we found Akai Hana!  We love the Japanese Firecracker Salad, & the soft shell crab handroll.  The service is friendly and fast!  To all you haters, stay away more for us!!!!
4	I finally move away from the West Valley and the coolest sushi joint opens up!I come out every now and then for the reverse happy hour because its is cheap! Everything is less than $5 and the sake bomber is $6.50. Not bad. What did I eat tonight?- Blue Flame roll- Baked mussels- Japanese Dynamite salad- Spicy tuna roll- Spicy Salmon roll- Salmon Skin rollI really like the friendly staff, I wish there were more to move the service along but that is really my only complaint. The food was amazing and done right. The fish was fresh and the rolls and I love the pickled ginger. Not that fake pink stuff.. the real deal. So fresh.
5	Best sushi in West Valley. Happy hour is simply amazing and runs M-Sat from 4p-6p and 8p-10p. Owner is very accommodating and they have a great selection of rolls. The Japanese Dynamite salad is excellent. Been going for a year now and highly recommend it. Ask for the unlisted Winter Roll (Scott Roll).
5	I really enjoyed the sushi I had at Akai Hana (Red Flower in English I think). I had the spicy tuna roll on special for happy hour and also got the Phoenix roll (Eel, smoked salmon, cucumber, avocado, sweet egg). The spicy tuna came out quickly and was good. The Phoenix took a little longer, but I thought it was really tasty.The staff was very nice and helpful with any questions I had. The water I had tasted... like water and was refreshing enough for me. The place seems to have a lot of traditional Japanese dishes I don't always find at every Japanese restaurant I go to. Also, the majority of the staff were speaking... Japanese, which strangely seems rare from the places I have been to in the Valley.I will definitely be back to check some of the other stuff on their menu (like their sukiyaki that is for a minimum of 2 people, that sounds like fun).
4	Fantastic sushi. The only sushi restaurant I will go to.  I love this place.  The service is not great if you don't sit at the bar, but the sushi is the best.
5	"it's a celebration bit$*es!" this place is one of my spots!! awesome happy hour and great people. great food!
1	First of all, a substitute sushi chef is like a substitute teacher. That was our mistake. When the relatives wanted to take us to their favorite sushi restaurant and they didn't recognize the chef, it should have been a red flag (pun intended, since the restaurant's name means "Red Flower").After that, the reliance on "seafood salad" as a filler was another sign that something was amiss. And maybe the chef is Atkins-leaning, for while the sushi fish portions were generous, the supporting rice was about half a thumb-sized. Balance, Grasshopper!Everything was fresh and the place was clean. The hot sake was in a half-litre ceramic bottle at a very reasonable price. The waiter WAS apologetic when he came back to say the menu was wrong, after having been shown the difference between what we ordered and what the chef assembled, and did take it off the bill (well, we didn't eat it).MAYBE it is ok the rest of the time. It IS an awfully long way out of town, plunked at the edge of new franchise ghettos. But the staff seemed authentic, but got too much wrong to get three stars. And every place with TVs automatically loses a star.
4	I have been to Akai Hana's a couple of times already and I can say they have satisfied my Sushi addiction!! This place does not get crowded, but plenty of people do come here.(based on Fri or Sat night) Last time I was here I had their Rainbow roll, Spicy tuna roll, and Las Vegas roll.  The  Rainbow and Spicy tuna rolls where really good, but the one that suprised me was the Las Vegas roll(had me bobbing my head) ofcourse a sign that it was enjoyable and delicious! I will definetly be coming back here.
5	i loved the food. some of the best sushi i have had. service was excellent!!! i will definitely go back for more!! :-)
5	Ever since moving from Okinawa Japan to Goodyear Arizona(Yes a huge move) I have been looking for quality sushi that best comes to the real deal. I found Akai Hana about a year and a half ago and it is the best Sushi place around. I go in at least 1-2 times a month and each time get great quality service from their staff.The food is delicious and I keep going back, Happy hour is the busiest for obvious reasons, at times we have had to wait a bit for the orders but it is worth it for the food and price you get it at. Even if you do not like sushi, they menu is quite extensive and like the sushi it is all great.
4	Love their Happy Hour. The sake is kind of hot for my taste though.
3	I haven't been here for their happy hour yet but the few times I have I've enjoyed it. Sushi selection is great. My 6yr old doesn't eat sushi but he enjoys the rice bowls and soup.  Prices are reasonable as well.
2	We usually go to another sushi place every week, but we thought we'd give this place a try, since our friends love it. The service was good, they have a large menu, but 2 of the sushi rolls we got where okay and the other one was awful. We didn't make a big deal about not liking the third roll, but the sushi chef was kind enough to remove it from the bill. Maybe we'll try it again down the road, but for now we'll have to pass.
2	Went a bit after happy hour with a few friends. The server was quite nice and helpful at first but he was a tad forgetful. I mentioned a sushi roll to my friend since it looked interesting (neither of us wanted to try it and told the server this) but he brought it out anyway. He did not charge us for it though so that was alright.The main reasons for the low stars is that although the variety of sushi is great, they don't make it that well. Also the use of sesame seeds on top of every roll is unneeded. The soy sauce was bland and not the brand it said it was. Also when one of my friends was eating their sushi roll they found a bone in their yellow tail.Not an experience I wish to repeat. The only reason they get 2 stars is because the server was quite nice about everything.
5	In love w/ Japanese dynamite!!The El Paso Roll is a must try, it's as scrumptious as my love who happens to be from El Paso!
5	This is my favorite place for sushi! Heck,this is my ONLY place for sushi.  Japanese Dynamite Salad, Salmon Stack and Vegas Roll are must haves! Make sure to try one of their awesome desserts. Best Happy Hour prices ever. Friendly staff.  Their iced green tea is the best.
5	Great place for Sushi in Goodyear! Go during happy hOur to save a ton of money!!!
3	We decided to try a new spot for sushi this last weekend and the rain made it undesirable to travel far from home. We pulled into this small location not knowing what to expect and was happy with our experience.We ordered 4 sushi rolls and some Goyza / edamame as appetizers which tasted perfect. The diamondback roll was the best of the three and would be a definite the next time we stop in, absolute lightly fried goodness! the fried cali roll was great and the dragon as well. My wife liked the spicy shrimp roll as well, but that isn't my type of roll. We would love to come during happy hour to save some cash and my only real con's about the place would be the decor and space. Other than that the Sushi is great and there is plenty of room for a nice quiet date night for two, but not a huge party setting for sure.Sushi Rocks overall here though!
5	Great Sushi, large amount at a great price. Happy hour there is so cheap and delish!!
1	Gross.  Hot.  Not good.
3	The sushi is good. The cooked dishes are good. The service is impeccable. They are friendly and they remember a familiar face. Kids enjoy the Japanese soda pop with the marble.  New item in menu hibashi grill dishes for less than other places around town and taste just as good or better. Only they ask for $2 fried rice though it was delicious.
5	I didn't like sushi until I went here. Our family LOVES this place, and everyone we bring here is hooked. You can't go wrong with Akai Hana, the sushi is the best in town and the prices are zoo cheep. Go during happy hour (12-2 and 8-10pm) My favorite rolls: The Blue Flame is by far the best one, very addictive. Love their California Rolls, The Las Vegas-wonderful. Another great roll is the Golden Buddah. My kids don't like sushi but they love getting the chicken Tatsuta. Also they have tempura cheesecake-one of the best desserts, sometimes we go there just for that.
5	This place is one of the best sushi places (if not the best for their variety and made to orders) we have ever been to.  Each visit, we order something new (and we've been coming here once a week for several months now).  The cut and quality of the sashimi is consistent, the rolls are always prepared immaculately.  The miso soup is perfect.  Do not believe the negative reviews.  Believe the reviews of those of us who come here on a regular basis to enjoy fine quality sushi.  I have never seen this place short staffed, nor have I had a roll that fell apart because it wasn't prepared properly.  We have never waited long for our food, ever.
5	This place has a great happy hour. The sushi rolls are big, well priced, and taste delicious. My favorite rolls are Blue flame, Golden Budda, Las Vegas, and Rainbow. Everyone I bring here loves the food. So far it's the best sushi that I have had in AZ.
5	Been going here for a while now.  I think my fiance and I are battling it out for the Duke/ Dutchess crown for check-ins.  The times we usually dine here are during happy hour/ reverse happy hour because the menu has a wide selection of some of their popular sushi rolls to their appetizer.  The prices are great for their happy hour menu.  I did notice when we went there last night that they raised some of the prices on the happy hour menu.We would normally order off the happy hour menu but decided to try something different.  We tried two rolls from the wall menu and now it has become our favorite rolls.  My fiance got the triple S and I got the Scott Snowbird.  (Look at the north wall menu when you're in there)Service is always great when we go, whether it's with a party of 2 or a party of 15 people.  The waiters there are always on top of it.
5	Best Sushi In The West Valley Strait Up. I Never Had Sushi Until My Brother Took Me Here, And Let Me Tell You It Was Fukking Great, I Fell In Love With Hushi. So I Tried A Few Other Places They Were Okay But Nothing Like This Place, So When I'm Feeling Sushi This Is My Place Of Choice
2	I have friends who have raved about this place over and over and I finally went with them to try it out for myself. Turns out...I love my friends, but they have not-so-good taste in especially well done sushi. If you've read some of the other sushi reviews, I judge a place on their spicy tuna rolls. To me, this is something any decent sushi restaurant can do well. But if it's tasteless, such as Akai Hana's version, I know right then and there it won't be high on my list of favorites. I tried the Blue Flame roll (highly recommended by the friends) and while it was a decent roll, I was extremely put off by the fake crab they used. The other was one I can't remember the name for, but it had cilantro on top of it. I loved the unique flavor it gave to the roll (I want to say this one had tuna), but it still wasn't quite flavorful enough.  With all the fun named rolls this place has, I was sad to see that it wasn't something I plan to add to my list of go to spots for some super tasty sushi. I'd rather go to Ah Hai on Cotton Lane.
4	We love this sushi place! They have the best cucumber salad in town and great happy hour prices and selection. Try the Las Vegas roll-- so good!
5	Best Sushi place in Arizona. I love it more than Kabuki.. it taste better than anything Ahso has to offer.. hmm it also beats TOMO AND the price is just right. My boyfriend and I come here all the time. Maybe twice a week, I even remember a time coming three times a week. We've only has sushi here so... here it goes. The spicy yellow tail is to die for if you like raw fish. I LOVE the dynamite salad filled with fresh cucumber and salmon, and octupus. yummmmy... The pollo locco is SO amazing and pretty-looking. Hmm. the blue flame was great. the spicy tuna was spicy and yummy. Their california rolls ARE HUGE.  I haven't been dissatisfied with the food AT ALL. The service may sometimes SUCK but it's A-Okay with me. Give this place a try you wont regret it. Happy hour is the best here. I don't know why this place has a lower rating then expected. you must try this place!
4	The first time I went here, I don't recall being impressed... but almost a year later I've returned and had an excellent meal. Generous portions, great flavors.This is my favorite west valley sushi bar now.
5	I've been to this place several times over the past month now and as far as Sushi experience i'm very happy. Let me first point out that I love the reverse happy hour that they do between 8pm-10pm. Prices on meals are incredibly cheap. My wife and I usually end up getting out the door with a few plates and drinks for 25 bucks. The pricing I think is wonderful.The service is also excellent. It's usually not long even with a packed restaurant to get your food. Service seems to be very attentive my drink gets near 1/4 and the server is around to check if I want a refill and need anything. They take plates as you finish them and im not left piling them up at the side of the table hoping someone will pick them up like at other restaurants.Overall i've been happy with just about every dish from this place. I don't claim to be a Sushi expert, but no dish thus far has been distasteful or of poor quality. I really like the crab rangoons for an appetizer, and the blue flame and golden Buddha are great. Overall i'm very happy with this restaurant and I enjoy my experiences here each time that I go.
5	Another great restaurant experience. The place can be quite packed at times,  simply a sign of the quality service and food one will receive. It definitely is worth waiting for a seat. Our server was friendly, and extremely knowledgeable of their items. He recommended a dish (which I am sad to say I do not recall the name of) that was exquisite. Fair portions and prices as well.
4	This spot was my favorite sushi place in the West Valley.  The sushi here is great and the staff is friendly. Most of my out of town guests even my pickiest of friends loved it. The only complaint is that sometimes the servers are overwhelmed on the weekends and I don't get refills on my drinks on those days. They need to hire more staff for the busy weekends...this place is always packed with customers. I will eat here everytime I come back to town even without the refills on drinks the Las Vegas roll is awesome !
2	I'm trying to get the Sushi Sensei badge so lately we've been going to different sushi places around town.  So far, I've been sorely disappointed and actually feel bad for "cheating" on our go-to favorite Japanese restaurant on the (far) west side - Tomo's.  I don't know exactly what the criteria is to get the Sushi Sensei badge but I'm just about ready to give up, at least going to new places around here.  Seriously, it has been a huge disappointment.Okay, this place ... don't bother with getting the curry.  You know those curry packages you get at the store to make your own curry?  Yup, tastes like that.  It's fine and all but charging me $9 and putting on the plate 2 potatoes and 2 carrots, not cool.The ramen had no taste - literally.  No wonder my toddler didn't like it and she LOVES noodles.The sushi was ok.  We had the Philadelphia, Rainbow, and Tempura shrimp.  Nothing great but better than our last experience at A Hai.Our friends got the egg roll and it looked like 1 egg roll cut up into a whole bunch of pieces and cost $4.  Maybe it was 2 egg rolls but it sure didn't look it.  I guess it's not totally unheard of to charge $4 for 2 egg rolls but I was not impressed.  Our total came out to $42 before tip (no alcohol) and it just totally seemed not worth it.  I'd rather pay a few extra bucks and stick with Tomo's.
5	We love this place!! So good! The D-Back roll is to die for. Blue Flame. Spicy Tuna. We always come back! Will be sad when we move away.
5	Best sushi in the west valley . Great  food and prices durning happy hr. Lunch prices you can't beat.
5	Wide variety of sushi rolls, EVERYTHING we've tried on the menu has been great, and they have extensive happy hour specials! By far the best sushi in the west valley. No frills, no gimmicks, just high-quality Japanese food.
5	Our favorite sushi place
5	Once upon a time, the powers that be decided Goodyear was to become the next yuppy Ahwautukee and made grandiose plans to make the town New York City in the Desert.  Then came the Great Depression of 2008 and flush went that idea.However, what turned out to be bad for Goodyear's tax man turned out to be a blessing for everyone else:  among the several stores and gyms and other restaurants which technically should not exist here in Green Acres is this little gem, built with the hopes of raking in the dough during the Boom Days now gone.I will only talk about the Happy Hour  (and Reverse Happy Hour), because I think this is THE selling point of this place.  Come at the "right" time of day (or night) and you will get tasty and large rolls for a low price.  The sesame salad dressing is so delicious, you will ask for a side salad, even if you had no intention of getting one in the first place.  Big sellers for me are the Rainbow Roll, the Las Vegas, the Tootsie, etc.When the weather is nice, the outdoor seating is comfortable and sets a relaxed mood  (this, in spite of heavy traffic on the adjoining street in front of the restaurant).  In contrast, I'm not a fan of sitting inside, because I find it cramped and dark  (yes, though I'm no fan of the heat, I've actually sat outside on summer nights and sweltered in the withering heat just to avoid being inside).Service is fast and efficient and friendly.  Food is quite good and reasonably priced.  Hours are VERY good in a town, where most things disappear into black oblivion by 9pm.The staff does do that annoying "let me yell at you in Japanese as you enter the door" greeting.  OK, I get it:  it's authentic; so is being shot at for showing an American passport in Afghanistan.  I don't enjoy either.
5	This place is very good when it comes to quality, quantity, and price. Compared to many of the other sushi joints on the West side of town. I love ordering their Spicy Yellow Tail, Dynamite Salad, and Tako Yaki Balls.... did I mention they all happen to be on the hour hour menu?! Their happy hour menu is pretty huge and can satisfy your, fresh/raw or savory/cooked cravings. Not only is their sushi great, but their entrees as well. Happy Hour here isn't the standard Mon-Thurs. I don't know the exact days or times, but I know for sure its all day Sunday!!
5	We are moving out of state and I do have to say that one of the hardest things will be leaving Akai Hana!! This is by far the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to and it's because of a combination of things. The pricing is great, the fish is fresh, the service is amazing, it is family owned, and they ALWAYS seem to have happy hour... We will be back to visit, I PROMISE!! Favorites include the Japanese Dynamite and Blue Flame!
4	Best sushi I have in Goodyear, AZ thus far. It is a bit pricey, but the quality and taste are on point. I would recommend to others
4	First time: food quality was awesome. Clean place. Went on a friday evening, super busy. The only reason why i dont give 5 stars is because they were so busy and had very little staff which took them forever to refill my drink and get my check. Besides that, everything was great and my waittress was very helpful.
2	I went there with a group of ladies, to celebrate one of my friend's birthdays. That means, separate check.While we were waiting for our whole group to arrive, we were seated outside, it was about 8pm, the weather was nice, so we were enjoying ourselves, while we were drinking iced tea. When everybody was there, our waitress, whom wasn't very friendly, asked just out right if it was going to be one single check or separate checks. We said separate checks, she sighed loudly, and made a face, saying that it was going to be a headache to do that, to our astonishment. She didn't wait to be inside the kitchen to express her disappointment about, she was just blatantly rude about it. So we were left in an awkward position right there.We all ordered the Blue Flame, apparently is the popular one, I also ordered the Vegas Roll, because I like it everywhere else I go to eat sushi.Well, needles to say, our glasses were not refilled promptly, our waitress was not making the rounds very often to see how we were doing, even though the place inside was empty, they only had one other table with 4 tops.The Blue flame was ok, not bad. But the Vegas Roll, I didn't recognized it. It wasn't bad, it was just... meh!We were all charged 18% gratuity, of course, and I was left with a very bad taste in my mouth, bad service, mediocre food. Not my first choice, or second, or third.
4	This place is really great. The good here is very tasty and the they have lots to choose from off the menu. This is a great place to stop in and have some sushi or soup.
4	Went there on a Friday night 6:30pm. Place is very small, lights are very bright, noise level is very loud. Greeted and seated quickly. Drink orders taken promptly - server returned shortly for food order. Sushi was good - we had the HANA and the Blue Dynamite.Once we had food and drinks, service slowed. Said they would bring check - took a while. Returning the check after credit card was run took even longer. Lights TOO bright, turn them down somewhat. Small space makes for a noisy experience when busy, as they were.
4	I heard from my cousin that the fish here is the freshest around. She was right! It was delicious and Fresh. My boyfriend and I came on a Wednesday afternoon for the 4-6 happy hour. I was pleasantly surprised at their large happy hour selection of sushi and appetizers. However the rolls I ordered were not on the happy hour menu but the beer was. I order the Baja and the butter me up roll, both without cucumber because I for some reason despise cucumber with a passion of a thousand burning suns. My boyfriend ordered the Rainbow Roll with spicy mayo and the Hollywood roll. presentation was excellent and so was the taste for all 4 rolls. The service was friendly but the sushi took a little while but it was well worth the wait. I will definitely be back here again soon. I know it gets crazy busy on the weekends so I will let you know if the service or quality lacks when and if I come during that time. I took pictures of all four rolls we ordered since there are not a lot on yelp for this place.
1	Didn't even a knowledge me and my family and then said they were going to close in 20mins and that we should come back later.  Fuck this place!!
3	Food was good, service could be a little bit more.on point, will definitely come back.
1	I walked in and wanted to get some sushi to go.  Instead, I stood at the door for about 10 minutes until somebody was told to come out of the kitchen and help me.Unfortunately, I don't believe in giving a business my money if they don't appreciate my service.The food might be okay, but the service is terrible.Pretty depressing considering the lack of options in the West Valley.*sigh*
4	The yellow tail and spicy tuna are excellent.  The Japanese Dynamite Salad was watery.  Overall an excellent lunch experience.
5	The sushi is amazing and fresh! The salad with Caesar Sesame dressing! Amazing. Good service and nice atmosphere. Casual. Great weekend lunch deals til 4!!!!Great for a group of friends or just a lunch/dinner date!
5	If it's your first time here the one I always recommend is Blue Flame! Try it it's amazing. ive had a few different ones aswell libke pollo loco, vegas, asparigus, avocado, crunch, and I believe Tropicana. they are all good! ive been here a few times already and everytime I try something new!
5	We tried them all from Surprise to Peoria. This place in Goodyear is the best. They actually have good rolls on the happy hour unlike other places that put the Welfare rolls on the happy hour menu . Try this place and you won't be disappointed!
5	The greatest sushi ever for a very cheap price! The Las Vegas roll is my favorite! Staff is always friendly & I like that it's a very calm & relaxed place.
4	Man, another great little Sushi find in the west valley!  Japanese Sushi chefs, nice little place inside and out, good service, reasonable prices and a great happy hour selection!  We go back for more!
1	Took them half hour to get me pollo loco n las Vegas rolls. The couple that arrived after me received there food first. I did not appreciate it at all !
3	We used to come here at least once a week and we get takeout often too. Recently the service has been spotty and there is always an item missing from takeout ( ginger, cucumber, rice). I love the salmon stack so will come back sometimes for that but we have been going to another place recently with much better service. Hopefully the service will get better again.
5	Amazing sushi and apps that tasted very fresh...and I am picky about sushi. Incredible value and service. Great big patio and good HH.
