5	Maybe not a stellar example of a railroad museum, as a place to take the kids as well as out of town guests, McCormick Railroad park can't be beat. The biggest draw is the 5/12 gauge railroad that takes you around, over, and through the park grounds, even through a tunnel! There is also a vintage carousel, a desert arboretum and a cute western-themed playground. And here's the kicker -- rides are only $1!
5	Going to the Railroad Park is my idea of fun and cheap outing in Scottsdale. The park is nice and big and well kept with lots to keep you busy. The rides are fun for all ages with train rides and carousel rides for only a dollar each. There is also a fun little train museum located in one of the old trains on the property which is really interesting to check out. The park has two playgrounds, and one is in the theme of a western town. There are also concessions and a few gift stores that are sure to please any train lover in your life. Perfect place to take kids, or have a get together!
5	I took my sister and 14 month old nephew here while they were visiting.This is such a cute place. Lot's of grass and gazebos for picnics and parties. Cute gift shop, snack bar and playground areas.Train rides for the whole family and a carousel too!You don't need a kid to come and enjoy this park, pets are welcome too! They'll even let you bring your dog on the train!5 stars because I'll be back with my dog!
5	Choo Choo Trains and kids just go together!This is perhaps the best value for younger-aged children ever! It is an amazing park with trains for the kids to ride and real trains to look at. Plus toy trains, swing sets, rides, and a sort of museum. NO COST to enter the park... and the rides / food are very reasonably priced. I bring my girls (9,6) here a few times a year.In the summer they have live concerts in the evenings for free too.
5	I used to visit the McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park as a kid in the late 80's.  The park has only gotten better.  It leaves you with really good, lasting memories: Hot summer days, Rocket Pops, birthday parties, soft serve frozen yogurt, train rides, climbing on the stagecoach and playing pirates, tossing the football around...this place is synonymous with good times and it won't break the bank either.History buffs will like the parked train car exhibit at the entrance, which shows how riding trains used to be (people really rode in style).Twice a year now I visit the train park with my sister and nephew.  I think for adults, it can get old.  But the kids don't seem to tire of it =)  The last time I visited, I saw Tom Chambers with his family.  You never know who you'll run into.The park itself is fantastic.  It has everything from a soft rubber padded playground, swings, slides, sand, water features, two sizes of trains that run (both fun to ride), a carousel, stores, food, shade, sun, air, room to move around and mountain views.  Everyone comes to this park.  Visitors are very diverse and there are musical events in the evenings during certain times of the year.
4	My 18-month old loved this place! She was squealing with delight as we rode the train around the park and went on the carousel together. There is plenty of wide open spaces for the kids to run around and the park grounds were meticulously maintained. The playground equipment was newer and in good condition with a shade canopy. The best part about this place is that it's totally affordable for a family to go without breaking the bank. For $10 you get 12 tickets and it's only 2 tickets to ride the train and one ticket for the carousel. Even the food is reasonably priced - I got a huge scoop of ice cream that the whole family could share for $1.75.
5	It might look a little cheesy from the street, but this place easily entertains a 2 y.o. for hours, which rates hugely in my book.It's good to take a couple of bucks so they can ride the train and the carousel, but if you don't have it, there are still TWO excellent playgrounds, one with misters, the other with an old West theme and a roof they can climb up to.There is a wall of windows with  toy trains running inside, bunny rabbits and ground squirrels in the park, toy trains to play with in the snack bar and lots of grass they can run in. The hot chocolate is excellent!During the summer it's a ghost town, during the winter it's packed so if you're not a people person you have to go early weekdays, somewhere in between the two is best.Watch out for the pebble sidewalk. If they run instead of walk they can end up with a face full of road rash.Their Christmas setup is nice and they sometimes have bands.There was a football player sighting here not long ago (Kurt Warner maybe?) proving everyone has to come here at some point whether you're an auntie or parent.
5	I don't care HOW old u r !  we all use the use the  (grandchild cousind/nephew) excuse to use and abuse this railroad!  So now try to just use this for what it is: F U N!  can u imagine the look on your dates's face?!  (or insert baby-sitting a cousin, neighbour, sister, child - whatever....)  you will score all around - even do it for you!
5	This is the greatest free Railroad Park in the country. You can experience all the sizes of trains from N scale to the standard gauge trains. The food and ice cream at Hartley's  is  very good. This is a place for the young and old. The Park has on loan from the State of Arizona a Merci Box Car from France. France gave every State in our Country a box car filled with gifts thanking us for help during WWII. Arizona saved all the contents that can be viewed at the Capital in Phoenix.  Currently they are working up plans to build a model railroad building.  I enjoy visiting this park.
5	This is the park with the most fun for all ages. Lets not tell the City of  Scottsdale about the jewel they have where people from all over this world come to visit. The Railroad equipment is built to scale copied from the big trains that moved goods and people from coast to coast. Keep this place a secret from Scottsdale. The City can't understand why so many people visit this place and they say their is no parking problem. This is my favorite place in Arizona.
5	This place is fantastic if you have children, and great even if you don't.I remember going there as a child myself, riding the rails, enjoying the play areas.There is a carousel, a couple snack bars, model railroads to view, several miniature trains to ride, plenty of picnic tables and benches, and a huge expanse of grass on which to run and play.Great park!
5	The Park is planning a new Model Railroad Building. Fund raising will start soon. Design and plans are in the works this year. I hope everyone who enjoys visiting this park leaves a YEP about their visits.  I was just here in February at a meeting going over the plans of the model RR building.  Indian Bend road is getting closer to finished. The new park  driveway will have a Caboose placed on each side of the driveway. Completion will be this summer.Tell your friends to visit the park and leave a YELP.
5	I love this place! Took my son yesterday morning. It is always clean and well organized. You can make a day of this park with so much to do! The park's hours vary with the season but typically opens at 10am. Purchase your ride at the front office as you're walking in.The park has a fun train ride, carousel, a HUGE playground and large open fields with several ramadas for parties. You can bring in your own food for a picnic or get lunch (things like chili, pizza, pb & j) just north of the train station or visit the snack bar near the carousel (ice cream, candy, popcorn, chips, coffee beverages). The prices are very reasonable, especially for ramada rental. Visit, you will love this place!
4	I spent a lot of time here as a kid. Concerts in the summer are a nice thing to visit for. Would recommend for anyone, young or old; a nice cheap family day.
5	What a great park...just swung by the area while I was in town on business travel, but plan on relaxing here on future trips! The train looked like cute fun, there's huuuuge expanses of lawn for any number of people to mill about on, lots of play structures for kids...definitely a family oriented spot! Check it out.
5	In this economy, there's not much of a better deal for entertainment.  I came here with my girlfriend, my two sisters, my brother-in-law, and my two nephews... 7 people in all... and we all rode the train for $12.  The kids had a blast, and everyone else did as well because they had so much fun.  I'd say fun for all ages, but that'd be way too cheesy.
4	I had no idea this part existed and I have lived in Phoenix for 15 years. Man, I need to get out more. Michelle and I took Cadie to the park to "see the trains" and had a great time. The day we went was a great day, but during the week so there was maybe 3 other people in the park so that was kinda funny for us. I think the place would have been more fun (or at least had more going on) with more people there but still. It's very clean, very well laid out and the staff was great. I recommend this spot for a family hang out for sure. Very affordable and great for the kids. We plan on coming back on a weekend to see more of the goings on.
5	My sister is having her 70th Birthday at this park July 4th. It should be fun and warm too.
5	My kids just love this place. I remember when I took my 2 girls, 4 and 21 months old, on a train ride, my youngest one looked up at me, smiled and gave me a kiss. It was her sweet way of telling me how much fun she was having. I can't wait to celebrate her 2nd birthday there in the Fall.
5	I love this park!  It's a great place to take my son.  He (and I) love riding the train.  Can't wait until it's a little cooler out so we can go again :o)
5	Railfair again I can't remember how many times I have attended. It is always fun to see the trains and people again. Both of mt sons are coming with me they are 23 and 29. The boys like trains just like I do. I heard many improvements were made during the summer at the park. If you are going I suggest you get their early because the City of Scottsdale says they don't have a parking problem.
5	Railfair 2009 is always a fun event to attend.  The new model RR building will be a welcome addition to the park. I liked the new Live Steamers Building and storage sheds.  The Cabooses at the new entrance really set the stage for the park. The new Museum in the railroad station with displays of railroad items show what it took to run a railroad. The weather was just great.Thank you Railroad/ Park Staff for another wonderful year.
5	Great place to spend the day with your kids and prices for everything, I thought, were cheap.  The little train ride was fun for me and my sons.  I would say we don't have anything that compares to this in Sacramento.  The things we do have are much more expensive and the value is not as great.  The playground area was huge and there was stuff for our 5 year old and 17 month old to play on.
5	How could you not just love this place? Everything about it screams wholesome, clean family fun! I bring my 4 year old here as often as we can (Going this afternoon as a matter of fact) but the truth of the matter is, I'd go by myself too! The trains are fantastic, the carousel is a classic, the model train clubs are loads of fun, the playgrounds are clean and well kept,  the Ice Cream from Hartleys is delicious, and if that weren't enough, there is LOTS of wide open space to fly kites, throw a ball, or just run around. Thank you Scottsdale!
4	Went to the Railroad park last summer for a child's birthday party and had a blast. There were kids ranging in age from 1-14 and everyone (including the adults) had a great time. It can get a little pricey for a large family to ride the train, but it is fun. It is a city park with a neat attraction. Small areas are set up along the track to simulate towns, tunnels, etc.
5	Me and my son love this park! We drive past 3 parks to get there, lol. We don't even have to ride the train every time, he loves just seeing it and waving to the passengers as they go by. Oh and the birthday parties here are great too. They have an air-conditioned rail car for the parties. So if your child's birthday is in July, like my son's is, you cans till do a party here!
5	Awesome park, and a staple of many Valley kid's childhoods, McCormick Stillman is a must visit! Rides are fun and inexpensive, and museums are interesting. Lots of food too! If you're having a birthday party you could rent out the birthday car or grab a ramada. Went with a friend for old time's sake this afternoon, and had a really nice time. Even in the Arizona heat there's plenty of shade. I really liked the Pullman car museum the best though. Pretty cool knowing the presidential personal touring car resides in Scottsdale, of all places. :)I liked how almost everything was inexpensive though. And overall we had a nice day. P.S. Do NOT eat the frozen yogurt...unless you're looking for a laxative...
5	I had no idea this park existed until a few weeks ago but it is the cutest park in town.Even though I'm not a 4-year old boy I really like trains. And even though I don't have a kid to bring with me, the boyfriend and I still had a great time. Overall the park is set up for kids. It would be an amazing place to have a kid's birthday party. You can rent out one of the trains and have your party in there - how cool would that be? There are four min attractions that cost money - the regular (well, not full sized)  train, the carousel, the museum and the little steamer train. Nothing is more than $2/person but we bought a book of tickets that gets you into everything for $10. That's $10 for both of us!First we went on the "big" train. It's a scaled down version of a regular steam engine train. It goes all around the park and is a fairly long ride. Super fun. Next we went into the museum. They have a room with some artifacts and then you get to go inside the cars of a train to see the kitchen, a dining room, a couple sleeping cars and a lounge. Then we hit the carousel - standard but still fun. Although I think we were the only adults riding it - ha! But we saved the best for last - the little steamers. It's a miniature train but it can carry passengers. (even adults!) Everything on the route is mini too and there are funny signs along the way. The park itself is so pretty - lots of huge shade trees and nice grassy areas to play or relax on and it's very clean. I was very impressed at how nice it was.So even if you don't have kids, this place is a fun and different way to spend an afternoon. It made for a perfect Sunday activity. All aboard, I say!
4	this is the best park in Scottsdale.  we had our office spring picnic here for about ten years - before the Recession - with 150 -200 people.  we brought in Honey Bear's BBQ to cater lunch, and rode the train, and played soccer and softball, and hung out on the lawns, and had a great time - many great memories of McCormick Railroad Park
5	Picture this - Mother's Day with 3 toddlers under three and a half. We decided to go to the Railroad park, as the parents group was having a gathering and barbecue there. We thought the children would have a ball, being able to run around and see other children - and be able to eat besides.  Well, I think grandpa had as much fun as the kids - there is so much to do, and so many things for the children to play on.Yes, I rode the train, played on the stagecoach, chased the twins around the picnic area, and even had a  barbecued hot dog!! They have a large train, and a smaller "steam" train.  The large  train goes around the park, which is fairly big, and you can see all the different groups gathered while on the train. You even get to go through a tunnel.There is also a railroad museum, birthday cars that you can rent for birthday parties, a swing area for the younger children, the stagecoach and little western town, and a number of gazebos that can be rented for a particular day and time.  All in all, it is a great park for kids of all ages, including those of us that have never quite grown up.
5	When the Beautiful Carin and I lived back in the lovely Portland suburb of West Linn (what views from our house!...Mt. Hood, Mt. St. Helen's, the Willamette River and southeast Portland spread out below us...King of the World views! :), we had a neighbor that had approx. 117 miles of toy train track in his backyard!He spent tens of thousands of dollars building, repairing, maintaining and expanding his train set (or "layout" as he liked to call it).It was incredible...there were waterfalls, forests, mountains, cities...you name it...he had created a tiny alternative America, based on his vision of where the trains should go and what America should look like from the train:)He was completely crazy...in a very nice way...but crazy never the less (and the main reason that I never wanted my money in US Bank, where he was a corporate EVP:)We've all known somebody like that...and we've all looked at their trains and said, "Ooh, cool!"...we thought they were nice, but "ooh, cool"?...even I didn't think the backyard trains were cool, and I'm not the coolest guy on the planet...Scottsdale, maybe, but not the whole planet:)MSRRP is like that backyard layout in the hills south of Portland, but ever so greatly enhanced and beamed to Scottsdale, complete with big train sets, BBQ pits and pavilions, acres of grass and patios to lie around on and (currently), a little music to listen to on Sunday evenings!In this case, however, the layout wasn't built by that nutty banker in Portland...it was built by the son of a banker from Manhattan, Guy Stillman (I'll presume that Guy wasn't nutty, for the sake of this review...but...train sets).Guy inherited his money from the McCormick Farm Implements family (isn't it great to have more money than you can possibly spend...it really lets you do some interesting things:), and he donated the park property, trains, etc. to the Scottsdale Railroad and Mechanical Society for a park for the city, along with some dough to keep things up!Over the years, the Scottsdale Railroad and Mechanical Society have managed to use those gifts to craft one of the nicest little parks anywhere!The park is always clean and well kept...the people who manage the parks are wonderfully nice and efficient...they are always adding new attractions, and they have plenty of shady places to sit, as well as nice clean places to get a burger or hot dog and a cold soda or an ice cream sandwich:)I will go so far as to suggest that MSRRP is where you want to be on a lazy, late spring Sunday night:* Watching all the parents and kids play catch and dance to the music and run and ride around the park* Watching the spontaneous bocce ball games break out over by one of the picnic pavilions* Spreading out your blanket for a Sunday picnic supper on the acres of lush lawns that make up the entire park* Listening to some really wonderful musical entertainment...for free...on the bandstand at the center of the park* Drinking a nice Malbec, while you listen to the band play and chat with the people on the next blanket* Looking up at the stars and letting the evening, the warmth, the comfort and the music wash over youIt's Americana, writ large...everything you think you want to remember about your youth is here...from the trains and acres of soft grass to run on, to the twilight picnic suppers and a band, playing up there on the bandstand in the middle of the park, helping you drift along on a wave of nostalgia.A little more of the kind of entertainment and relaxation the MSRRP offers wouldn't hurt any of us:)
5	Best park ever! So glad we found this place for our little ones! This place has the most authentic miniature train for the kids to ride.  Even a mini miniature train in another part.  Along with an old carousel and a huge playground with sprinkler system....can't be beat in that awful dry Arizona heat.  We spent hours here and wore our little munchkins out.
4	Free outdoor night concerts, with great local bands in Scottsdale make a perfect finish to a weekend in May and June! Arizona needs more free outdoor music venues!! They're such a great escape from what is a hot asphalt city by day. I think the park is so smart. They water the grass beforehand to cool down the temperature at least 10 degrees. You notice when you walk out that the temperature is 10 degrees warmer as soon as you leave the concert area and head toward the parking lots.One more concert left before the end of the 2010 May 2nd - July 4th season is this coming Sunday, July 4th, with Furious George. There's a rumor they're going to have fireworks. The music plays from 7:30-9 pm.Take a listen: http://www.furiousgeorgeband.com/ .Tonight's band was Cold Shott & The Hurricane Horns. Here's one of their tunes:http://www.youtube.com/rbrydle#p/f/3/U809HhrgS40 . They're much better LIVE! Tonight was girls' night out. We ate at Malee's on Main beforehand on a Groupon $40 gift certificate (cost $20), so we were full by the time we got there. We brought beverages and staked out a spot with a blanket and chairs. Then we walked around, while it was still daylight and visited with people. It was so much fun. We spotted a dog that looked like a lion in profile. We asked the couple who owned him what kind of dog he was and his name. He's a Chow Chow and his name is Simba. A group from SYSCO Foods was having a picnic. They shared you can reserve a two picnic table ramada for $25 and pay $5 for a beer permit. But the ramada is on stone and dirt and not as cool and fun as the grass and blankets.June 6th was my first chance to go this year, when they had the Groove Merchants. The music was great. We got there around 6:45, so we had time to find a parking spot and find a nice, uncrowded grassy area to spread out our chairs and blanket on. If you want space without kids and people walking too close, spread out a blanket in front of your chairs. You can stretch out your legs and have room for your goodies and to stand up and dance to the music.The Groove Merchants concert was a date night. It really helps you get to know someone when you are packing in chairs, a blanket, coolers and picking food and drink together to bring. Hopefully, you get consulted or you ask the person going with you what they'd like. Dates who don't ask what you want? Unless they know your taste, if they don't ask what you like, speak up and tell them. If they continually don't ask what you'd like on other dates, too, take note. If you give them a chance to please you, they probably will. :) And, if you go out of your way to do something special for them, too, you'll make a heck of a duo, if you don't already!To find next year's McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park concert schedule:http://therailroadpark.com/events.htm . It may not be posted until closer to next season.PS Kids and parents were taking a mini train around the park during the concert. I've never felt drawn to that activity. Maybe if the Monkee's were playing. :) They sell neon bracelets/necklaces that seem to create competitions for parents to construct the best baseball hats, bracelets and crowns for their kids to run around in. Maybe it's so they can find them in the dark. The kid play area seems to all be on the right side of the stage, so if you stay left or toward the back, you'll have a pretty kid-free night.
5	This is such an amazing park in Scottsdale, especially considering it's city ran. My little train fanatics loved it because there were, "choo-choo" signals, a tunnel and a cool Western themed park to play at after. The price was right; I spent $9 for myself and my family to ride the train and the carousel (my 2 year old was free).  We spent about 2 hours there, would have been more if the weather was nicer.  This park also has a little general store where we picked up some ice cream cones and Icee's after our ride.  Beware of the Thomas section though!! :)
5	This park is amazing!! Well kept, clean and lots of fun. My son is really into trains now. He wants to ride them,play, eat, bathe, sleep with them!The cost of the train ride and carousel is very reasonable and kids younger than 3 ride for free. There's a fairly big play area, stagecoach to explore, a small train museum and a water play area.  The eating options are lacking but you can pack food and have a nice picnic under the trees. We saw several birthday parties and one family reunion going on.They also have free outdoor concerts but by that time my kids are exhausted:)
2	Yawn...unless you have a child under the age of 5, don't waste your time at McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park.  I know, what were we (3 adults) thinking? I've done plenty of things geared toward kids that I've enjoyed immensely.  This was not one of them.  The place was packed and it took us a while just to find a parking space.  We ended up buying 12 tickets for $10.  First, we stood in line for 20 minutes to ride the train.  The seats were ridiculously uncomfortable and the ride was so boring.  The train ride was about 10 minutes long and went through the park, next to all of the picnickers.  As we went through the "tunnel," all of the parents started screaming like crazy.  I just wanted to cover my ears.  Since we had 6 more tickets left, we went to the museum.  The museum had some interesting exhibits but it also had some creepy looking mannequins.  I was in and out within 10 minutes.What a complete waste of 1 hour of my time.
5	A great place to bring your children!My son loved trains during his early years and I will never regret going out to the Railroad Park each weekend and riding the train many many times each day.  My son loved it and I think it was time well spent.
5	Love it! And my kids love it, too!  The holiday lights display begins December 10, 2010! Can't wait!
5	Doesn't get too much better than this place for a family day with the kids! The playground is fun and they have equipment for all ages next to each other. I always hate how parks have the equipment for toddlers on the other side of the park from the equipment for older kids. Who do I disappoint? Anyway, props on putting age appropriate equipment close to each other.Also the train and carousel rides are uber cheap! Good for the budget conscious family. And don't miss out the train ride in December when it is all decked out with Christmas lights and sunbathing moose. My daughter loves it and it has become a family tradition to go for her birthday every year. Plus you can go visit Santa in the big train and get a photo for $5. Much cheaper than the mall!
5	Great place to take the kids! Buy the ticket pack for rides. great place to picnic and spend the day.
5	Unless, you are a history buff and would like to find some cool facts about FDR, taking a kid to this park will probably be a must. Kids and trains go hand in hand. We started taking our son here way before he turned a year old and we ended up having his 1st birthday party here. There is the train and the caroseul and a cool little place to get ice cream and toy trains. I really do like it for parties or picnics because the park is large enough to accomodate extras such as a petting zoo or inflatable bounce houses. If you like history, you have to check out the railroad cars set up. One is the actual Presidential car that FDR used and the tour guides there can provide a lot of insider information on the life of FDR. The first time I visited the train park, I think I spend most of my time speaking to one of the guide. Very interesting!
5	This is our favorite park! And I'm guessing we are not the only ones that feel like this because this park can get super packed. Plan to play a buck to ride the train or carousel. And adults have to pay too which is kind of silly. But it is worth it because its a super cute park!
5	We took our grandson (Sebastian) to the park for a thoroughly enjoyable visit.  Sebastian wasn't too sure about the carousel, but the train ride put a smile all over his face.  The visit to the Presidential railroad car was fun and educational for the adults.  Sebastian liked it too.
5	They have a train to ride, carousel, ice cream shop, huge playground, and outdoor cafe. What more can you ask for?
5	I Love this park! The kids of Phoenix are so lucky to have a park as cool as the McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park. It has a big train that takes you on a loop around the whole park complete with a bridge and tunnel. Also a mini train that runs on the weekends, a carousel, an ice cream shop with a toy train table and a pressed penny machine inside... There is also a train museum, a huge playground, an additional playground with a pretend jail and western themed wagon and sheriff scene... it's adorable! Not to mention acres of green grass and a wonderful picnic bench area. There is even a train car snack bar where you can buy lunch or a drink. For birthday parties- they have real train cars that are air conditioned that everybody goes inside-such a great idea! We buy a yearly pass so we don't have to worry about buying tickets every time. The best part of all, is that this place is dog friendly, so my little pup has gotten a ride on both the big and little train, and enjoyed it all! They have free concerts here in the summer too.
5	This park is awesome! First of all .... SHADE! they have designed the spacious play area to have tons of shade which makes a huge difference, and you can tolerate bringing your kids out midday without worrying about sunburn or heatstroke (ok, it is still hot but you get my drift)... The merry go round and train rides are fun and very affordable. They keep the park clean, it is very safe and they have a lot of different play equipment for variety and different ages and it is all very well maintained. I have been there on days where there are very few people and weekends when it is packed - and it never has felt too crowded. There is a lot of space for people to spread out and enjoy themselves.I give it two very big thumbs up!
3	I only go here when my little cousin is in town and he adores this place. My cousin is 4 years old and obsessed with trains so he loves the small train display, the stationary trains you can walk through and the little train that goes around the park that you can ride on. A definite place to go with little kids especially if they like the trains.
5	This park is beautiful.  My little boy is obsessed with train, so this is heaven for him.  We ride the train, then the carousel and after playing in the playground we visit the model train museum.  They have so many model trains in this air-conditioned area.  My kids go up and down the different aisles.  It is a great  and inexpensive way to spend a morning or afternoon with your kids.
5	The Sunday concerts in the park are chillin'! Our group dons blinky lights and glow sticks and sits in chairs and on blankets on the far end of the park to the right of the stage.The park itself is well groomed and beautiful. One of these days I will take the train ride around the park, just because.The park is leashed dog-friendly. Peekaboo experienced her first rabbit in the park.Bring a blanket and a cooler and come join us for a Sunday evening in the park, jammin' to some awesome tunes.
4	Great park, lots to do for the kids and places to have a party.  They do need to put a sun cover over the swings... they get too hot.
4	My wife and I have been bringing our kids to this park before they could even walk.  It is a great place for birthday parties as well as their incredible Holiday events. If you have young kids, they will love it!!!
5	Had birthday there as a lil kid and it was AWESOME!!! Good Memories of Grandparents!!! Great idea for the Kids!!! Birthdays!!!
5	Amazing!! I have 3 kids and each one had a great time...not pricey and lots to do
5	I've lived in the area 4 months now, and today I saw a different side of Scottsdale. I hadn't realized what a family friendly area it is. I came to the park to walk my pup and found this park full of families, bbqs, bday parties, teenagers playing volleyball, parents playing with their youngsters on the playground, a group of smiling children riding a train, a carousel, just enjoying the beautiful day with their loved ones. It's almost enough to make a girl want to run out and start a family of her own! Seriously though, like the other Yelpers stated, this is a very nice and inexpensive  way to spend the day with your loved ones. Really reminded me of my own childhood- before we were all glued to our electrical devices and actually had human interaction.
5	Just about as good as it gets for a fun day with the little ones. Expansive grassy areas to run around. A city playground with equipment for all ages. Nice little snacks shops with decent food and good ice cream. A fun carousel. Pleasant staff. Great little ramadas for picnics and birthday parties.But most of all... chugga chugga chugga chugga WOO WOOOOO! TRAINS!The under-construction Model Railroad Exhibit is super cool too, and free for the whole first year.Weekends in this beautiful weather (November) are VERY busy. Weekdays are a breeze though.
5	My family had mine & my brother's birthday parties here when we were little. Such a great place for kids! There is a wide open field perfect for playing catch, flying kites, etc. There is a water play area that has a playground in sand & tons of water spouts for kids to spray each other with. The small train ride is so fun & kids love it. I take my cousins here when they come in town, it's great!
4	Super kid friendly, for kids under about 7 years old.  The only bad thing is that in the summer time, it gets outrageously hot and there's no where to get A/C protection... but I suppose welcome to Phoenix in the summertime.
4	Went during the Christmas season and had a wonderful time. They have a small choo choo train that takes you around the park so you can see the Christmas lights they have put up. Tickets are $2/ person. You may feel like you have to borrow a child to fit in here, but I didn't feel any judging eyes. They have cartoon figures like Tiger for the kids. There is a little store to grab hot chocolate and some snacks. It is a great experience for the family or for yourself.
5	Anybody that doesn't give this place 5 stars has to have their head examined. We brought some out of town visitors to the McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park the other night and had a blast. I think we spent $14 for the whole evening for 4 adults and 1 toddler.The holiday lights were fanciful and magical as you take the ten minute train ride. Breaking from the tradition of the typical rigid play by the rules entity, the Railroad Park employees actually started the train runs EARLIER than scheduled since there was such a large crowd waiting for the train. Yes, we waited for an hour to take our turn, but all of the life sized animated characters kept all the little ones mesmerized. Our little one was especially in love with the Polar Bear. She made several visits to the Bear but also gave some love to Tigger, Winnie the Pooh, Cookie Monster, Oscar, etc. Santa was there as well, but we decided to wait a couple of days to see him again.We even rode the Carousel and laughed the whole way through the ride. Even the souvenirs such as the flashing toys were reasonably priced at $4 a piece. I also scored a perfect parking spot in the front row where we were in and out (in-n-out was the next stop) with no problem.
5	We grew up coming to this park, and now bring our neices and nephews any chance we get!  It's amazing.  Prices can't be beat for hours of entertainment.  The staff is always friendly.  Tons of grassy area for the kiddos to run around if the playgrounds are too busy.  Love love LOVE!
5	This place is THE park to go to if you have kids, visiting family or want an outdoor venue for a party. It's the perfect place to spend an afternoon with the fam! I found this park when my sister, bro in law and my almost 2 year old nephew came to town. Like most little ones, my nephew is fascinated by trains so we figured this was a good spot to check out. By the dazed, overwhelmed yet excited look in my nephew's eyes...he agreed.First off, it's easy to locate and prices for rides/attractions are cheap. The train ride is great for the kiddos and the line may look long but it goes fast. There's a carousel, playgrounds, food, souvenir shop and museums to peruse all afternoon. Some really cool photo ops too with the real trains, tracks and station building. The park has some really great shelters for hosting a party or bbq. Also, you can rent the inside of one of the trains for a private party...we peeked inside as a party was getting set up and it's absolutely adorable. Perfect for a little one's celebration if he/she is a fan of choo-choo's!
5	My kids grew up going to this park, it's AMAZING. We go every Christmas, and although it's packed, it's awesome. The train ride is well worth the wait during Christmas, and the rest of the year there's usually not much of a line. The prices are unbeatable. The kids love the parks and getting ice cream. I love the history, and FDR's train is pretty impressive. Do not miss this place!
4	Our 17 month old had a great time riding the train. Nice park and playground for older kids, 5 - 10 range. We were hoping the train museum would be open but we got there a little too late. Definitely recommended.
5	This is hands down one of the best parks for young kids (in the country)!!  Anyone who didn't give this place five stars hasn't visited enough other parks to realize just how special this place is!  I only wish I had a park like this where I lived!  This place has it all: multiple play areas (including a large playground good for ages 3 and up), a running train, carousel, snack bar, picnic space, public facilities and ample parking!  This park is a kids dream and a great place to spend your afternoon!
5	Nice place to kill some time with the kiddos.  Lots to do and see, food available throughout.
5	NOT TO BE MISSED!!!We visited here a few months ago with our girls (3 and 7 y/o) who had a blast.  The girls just had a blast, and it was easy on the parents too.  THere is no admission fee.  The prices for the rides are $2-$3 per person (parents pay too) which I thought was a little expensive, but the rides are long and enjoyable.  Definitely worth the price after the fact.  The food in the snack shop is good and very reasonably priced.  The experience was just so enjoyable for kids and parents.
5	fantastic place for the kids...have been taking them for over 10 years now.
5	It took me seven years, but I finally made my way to this train park, and I was very impressed!  My eight month old son was too... it was his first time on the swings!We met some friends there super early, so there weren't many people there... but because we were so early, the train wasn't going yet and neither was the carousel.  The restroom was open though, and it was clean.  I will definitely return during normal hours to see this place in action... hopefully before it gets too hot!
5	BEST PLACE EVER for kids, well, kind of for everyone.  The place is a dream for all kids, big and old, is that a better, albeit cheesy, way to put it?  It brings back the kid in us.  Ok, that's enough.  Really, don't waste time reading reviews, just GO THERE!!
5	By far one of my new favorite places in the valley !It Is what I wish ever public park looked like throughout the united states.Summer nights on Sunday are a picture perfect postcard of America -fireflies in June, families dancing and singing along with the live band..This place is kids dream true a rail road train that goes around the park only  $2 (:
5	This place is certainly geared toward kids.I don't have kids.I don't particularly like kids.I really do like this park, though.From the large retired train engines down to the scale models much of the park is free and the things that they do charge for aren't terribly expensive ($2-4 each.)  If you have kids this place is a must.  If you don't have kids but you happen to be in the area do check it out.
3	great for parties for children. Fun place to go for the child who is obsessed with trains. Lots of open space/grass for games and running around. A good handful of places with covering over picnic style benches. Not sure if you reserve it or if its first come first though.Don't go in the summer because it is 90% outdoors and you WILL die if you go in the summer. The fall or spring would be perfect here.
4	A cool little place. A nice park with a cool train theme going on. The scale railroad building is not to be missed. My daughter and I spent probably 2 hours watching the little trains go by. There is a carousal and a small train to ride. Very inexpensive though. The 2 playgrounds are very clean. We went on Labor Day so a few of the attractions were closed but we'll head back and check out soon.
4	Went there for a kids birthday party.  Had a fun time, plenty of things to do for the kids, nice play areas, fun mini-train to ride around the park!  I would recommend to others that have kids!
5	If we didn't have a kid, we wouldn't be coming here, but since we do, it's a paradise for the little one. Consider becoming a member--it'll save you money in the long run...if you have a little one that LOOOOOOVES trains.  They have ramadas here, which are especially nice for birthday parties.  The new building of little trains is beautiful and mesmerizing.  The holiday lights are WONDERFUL!
4	This is a child's paradise and a parent's affordable way to kill time on the weekend or during the weekday! The park is owned by the city of Scottsdale ad therefore they keep it very clean and well-kept. There are several acres of grass which offer the perfect spot to put down a blanket for a picnic and game of catch. If you'd rather sit at  table, the park offers plenty of picnic tables that make the perfect location for a birthday party BBQ. But that's typical of every park. What sets this park apart from the rest are the additional perks! First up, the train. My nephews love this park because they have a train ride that goes around the park. It's pretty cheesy for an adult but it's heaven for a four year old! After the train ride, check out the train depot with model trains on display! Once you're done, take a carousal ride for a couple dollars and end your afternoon with an ice cream cone from the ice cream shop and browse the toy section while you wait! This park is an affordable option for an activity with your little one that won't break your bank. However, I only advice those traveling with children in town to actually visit the train park. It might be a little juvenile if you're sans kid.  Event note: check out the Christimas tree lighting ceremony, holiday activities and music in the park during spring time!
4	Did a short tour of this fun park.  Sunday afternoon, nice weather, lots of people but not at all crowded.  Enjoyed the exhibits, especially the great model train house!  I did ride the carousel, and the tiny train.  Lots of fun!  Everyone, especially the folks working, was very friendly and helpful.  Took some dogs, too, and they did fine.
5	The city of Scottsdale does a great job keeping this park looking amazing all the time.  They have lots of fun things to do at this park. I personally like going on the train with my nephews and nieces.  It is so cute when their faces brighten up when we are on the train.  :) The cool thing about the park is that they have two playgrounds. The first playground  is one of the biggest playgrounds around town.  It has a least 3 or 4 slides, a couple of swings, towers, ladders and monkey bars.  The other playground is in the middle of the park and has a western theme.  It has one slide, a pretend jail and a wagon that you can play on.  Also they have a model train museum that you can get in for a couple dollars. It pretty fun to walk down all the aisles and see the old model trains.    Looking for a fun park to go to when you come into town?  You should check out McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park.  It is one of the best parks in town.
4	The kids and I love this park. They really decorate great for Christmas, have a lot of things for the kids to do. The only thing I don't like is that they recently went up to 2 tickets per ride for the meri go round and the train ride. When you have a bunch of people it can get pretty expensive when you ride each ride a few times. The prices on ice cream are great though compared to most ice cream joints!
5	Fantastic place for kids! Especially for young boys who love trains, like my two.If you go for the "free stuff" like the playgrounds and the park, you won't be disappointed because what's also free is the model train museum that's been recently rebuilt (and developing every week as the create the new layouts). Such a nice place for a weekend get-out-of-the-house thing to do.Of the paid stuff, the train rides are great, as is the carousel for this little ones. Check the hours though--not always running so you don't want to disappoint the kids if they see it and it's not open.Hartleys is great for ice cream or a float and the toddlers can play at the Thomas Wooden train table while they lick.If you like history, check out the Pullman car, used by FDR himself back in the day. Good stuff!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!
5	What an amazing park!  We have been going with our kids for years and will continue to buy the annual family pass.  If you have kids, an investment in an annual pass is well worth it!   We love McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park.
5	I came here when I was a kid... And now I borrow my friends kids so I can ride the train! Doesn't get better than this!
5	Scottsdale is great for parks, there are so many great options to go around. But of all the parks in the city, this is my favorite.  The Railroad Park has so many features for entertaining the whole family, its simply hard to beat:- Plenty of open grass space- Several Ramadas for birthday partying- Two separate "park" areas. One with swings, gyms, etc. and another with an old adobe village (great for stagecoach robberies and western heists).  If you are a mother of boys, this is especially nice.- The train theme (hence the name)... which means old train cars and tracks throughout- A mini-train ride and merry-go-round- Refreshment vendors and a General Store with ice cream- Beautiful model train museumThis park is always clean, well maintained and they are frequently making updates to improve the experience.
5	Always an enjoyable and rather affordable outing with my 3 girls.  They each have there favorite thing to do or see there and it is always an affordable good time.They all love the railroad car museum, especially my 10 year old.  The 5 year old loves the carousel and the 7 year old can't get enough rides in the caboose on the train!Make sure to take your out of town visitors that have kids to this unique part of Phoenix/Scottsdale.
4	The McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park and Model Railroad Building offers an inexpensive fun day for both children and adults alike!We came here yesterday to enjoy a cool day in the park, along with seeing the progress of the modelers efforts.  I have taken several pictures of their O, HO and N gauge layouts which are absolutely beautiful.  It's hard to appreciate their scale and hard work from the photos, because the layouts are so massive in size and scope.  We are guessing they are 30 or 40 feet in length and  20 feet wide for each of the three model scales.  That's huge and must be one of the largest in the United States if combined!Admission to the Model Railroad Building and Park are free, and is open 363 days a year.  Tickets for the various rides cost $1.00 each. Children under the age of three are free on the train and carousel with a paying adult. Children under the age of 13 are free in the Historical Railroad Exhibit.Enjoy!
5	A really neat place!  The kids (3 & 6) loved the train ride, the carousel, and the playgrounds.  And super affordable. I would definitely go again!
3	The one mile train ride around the park is a must here, but on a crowded weekend be prepared to stand in a long line. It is also noteworthy to purchase tickets for the railroad museum and take in a bit of U.S. history.
5	What a neat little place to visit!!  If your kids like trains this is a great place to spend the day.  Well, half a day.  There's not that much to do but enough to keep my two year old entertained for a few hours.I wish they had a better gift shop but other than that, we enjoyed our first visit.  Will definitely come visit again!
5	Such a fun place to take the kiddos!  The playground is covered so you don't have to worry as much about the direct sun and the railroad ride is just plain fun!
5	My kids love love love this park. They ask to go to the train park all the time. Inexpensive rides on their railway and carousel make the place affordable, and you can picnic or buy food there. Their shops are reasonably priced with great chances to view their museum side as well. Never mind that the place is a huge park with a few play areas, one with swings and such, the other is like an old west town and the train goes by both. Long story short... McCormick-Stillman is one of the best parks in the valley.
4	The park is big and spacious with lots of shelters for picnics and parties.  There is a very large shaded playground area with some unique equipment such as a monkey bar type thing you just grap on to and hang while it slides you about ten feet.  Its like a zip line.  I saw another playground that was like a miniature western town but we didn't check it out.You can buy a book of 12 tickets for $10 or a wristband good for all day for $10.  The carousel and the train ride each cost two tickets per person.   The model train museum is free.  The Historical Railroad Museum and the Arboretum Railroad were closed because they were seasonal. The train ride lasted 12 minutes and goes across two bridges and through one tunnel.  The carousel is big and the kids loved it.  The model trains were up kinda high and our 3 yr old was unable to see anything in half of the room.  There were no step stools or boxes provided  for the little ones to see those parts of the exhibits.There were three large model train setups.  One O gauge, one HO gauge and one N gauge.  The O gauge was 90% complete with only about 10% under construction.  This is normal as those is model railroading know its never "finished."  The N gauge was about 60%-75% complete.  The HO gauge was not even half done and there were pictures of how it had taken almost three years to get that far.  It was interesting to see the various stages of construction and how it will be the most exciting to watch when it is all done.  The island in the middle will be at least three different levels.  The HO trains that were running were programmed to stop on a siding and let another train pass so that each train could use the single track tunnel going in opposite directions without crashing into each other.  I had never seen that before on any model train display.
5	Great place to have a company picnic sponsored by AZ Bounce Pro!
4	Awesome place for kids of all ages.  Bring grillin stuff or a picnic & stay all day!  Dont forget buckets & shovels to play in the acres of sand!Id give it 5 stars if they sold Adult Beverages :)
5	This is one of our favorite places to go!!! We had a great time yesterday, now that the weather is cooling down! I bought the $10 pack of tickets which gets you 12. With $10 bucks we were able to ride the train 3 times and the carousel 3 times. The carousel is a little faster than most. Definitely hold on to your child since they aren't strapped in. The train ride is a great length and goes through a nice green park! There are tons of picnic tables and trees for shade. Will make a day of it and bring our lunch next time!
4	Very interesting for the train lover. There are full size trains that apparently are historic from earlier days including one of the 40&8 railroad cars presented by the French government after ww1. There is a small train kids can ride around. There is a model train exhibition too. In addition this is a big park with play areas, places to barbecue and so on.
4	My kids love this park. It is clean and always a good place to take the little kids. It can get a bit crowded but if you time it right its great
5	This place ranks right up near the tippy top of my 2 1/2 year olds favorite places!  He can run around and go crazy at the playground, enjoy the model train sets, ride a few trains around the park that go over bridges and through tunnels, go on the merry go round, and even cool off with some yummy ice cream!  Even though it is a far drive from Surprise,  I like the free admission to the park, ample free parking, and clean picnic areas.  If you are looking for a day of cheap fun for you little ones, look no further!  This place is a gem!
5	I don't have children but when my cousins from France came with their 5 year old I immediately thought of McCormick Railroad Park. I grew up in Phoenix as a child and have memories of it from then but had not been in over 20 years. They really have not only maintained it but made great improvements. Playground or the kids, carousel, train museum and historic trains throughout the park. Rides on the train are only a $1 and the playground is great. There really is something for everyone.
5	We've been taking my twins here since they started walking and gone to more birthday parties here than I can count.  Love the train ride, especially when they have the Christmas display.  Pretty good playground.  Ice cream shop is a good deal for the kids, huge scoop on sugar cone for $1.50.  Not as yummy as Churn, but at 1/3 the price it is just fine for the kiddos.
4	LOCATION: Conveniently located right off of Scottsdale Rd, not TOO far south of the 101, in central Scottsdale. It is actually part of a park with a kids' playground. Easy free parking.STUFF TO DO:For the "adults"-There is a train car that has been restored as a small museum with some artifacts, displays, photos, etc.  Additionally, there is a large building that houses a massive miniature train set that has villages, forests, mountains, etc. It is amazing and I couldn't stop looking! The detail is incredible and it will bring out the kid in you! The kids will be amazed as well! For the "kids"- There is a carousel and a kiddie train to ride. There is also a large playground.VALUE: It is cheap to enter the little museum (under $5 I think?). It is free to enter the building to see the miniature train sets (but donations keep this place going so don't be stingy).AGE RANGE: Geared towards families or kids, but someone who is into trains/history/really awesome miniature villages would enjoy it as well!CHRISTMAS LIGHTS TRAIN RIDE: For a few dollars, you can ride a miniature train into a winter wonderland. Borrow someone's kid if you need to; it is pretty fun if you are a kid at heart and like Christmas lights. Might be a fun light hearted date too! Tip- the line gets INSANELY long. Line up at 5:30 to wait in line for the 6:00 ride. If you don't, there is a chance you will be waiting for WELL over an hour.SOUVENIRS/FOOD: The gift shop needs some more...gifts!! The snacks pretty much consist of ice cream and hot dogs in foil. I think a small cafe would do well in this location.FINAL VERDICT: If I had kids of my own (and if I lived in Arizona), this would definitely be a place to which I would return...and I would definitely make the Christmas lights night train ride an annual tradition.
5	Very spacious and clean. They have two train that ride around the park. I think I like riding on it even more than my daughter! They also have a carousel, two playgrounds and two snack shops. I rate this the number 1 park in Phoenix!
4	For $2 a person, you can have the roller coaster ride of your life! Okay, well maybe the exact opposite... on a small train that fits a lot of people surprisingly. Kids 3 and under are free, so my little nephew got to enjoy a priceless ride! It was so cute because he threw a fit not wanting to get on and was confined in one of the train "cars" sitting on a bench in between his parents, but once the train tooted its friendly horn "Choo Choo," my little nephew was sold! All the kids were!! When I was little, the park seemed massive to me, but now as an adult, I feel like it shrunk. Of course, that didn't happen. However, I still find the 10-15 minute train ride still as charming as ever. During the holidays, park is covered in Christmas lights and decorations. We came during the morning, so we didn't get to see everything lighted, but we could see how everything is set up and now we are very curious to come during the evening and check it out again. There are two play grounds for the kids. One looks like an old Western town, which is the one I remember playing on as a small child. The other one is a giant covered playground with a play set for small toddlers and and another one for older kids that is mondo huge! There are rubberized walkways for the parents to walk on and follow the kids if they want to stay sand-free. There are also huge sail shades so during the summer, the playsets don't get too hot and burn. With the carousel, the train ride, and even mini museums on the premises, this is a good find to take visitors and families with little ones.
4	Even on holiday break with all the Moms and Dads there with their little ones, there was plenty of parking, short lines for the concession and carousel, and room to play on the equipment.  Lines for the train were VERY long, so we were unable to partake that day.
5	Perfect place for anyone under 6 ! Clean park and friendly staff. My 2.5 year old loved it. Such a great place to kill time or spend a sunny afternoon.
5	Nice park!  I went here with a club from the school I teach at.  They were very accommodating to people with special needs.  Even had a place for people in wheelchairs to ride on the train.  Groves, playground and rides!  Great park!
4	Have kids?  Then you likely will spend at least 4 Saturday afternoons a winter at this place.  And you know what?  You won't mind.  Great spot to spend some time outside.
4	What a cute place this is and I would suggest for children or train fans this is a must see. Bring your out of town guests here for sure. There is a carousel and two train rides were running around the park. Cute for kids and adults. The train museum is well worth the visit and informational and the guide was very good. I took some great photos as well but with my regular camera.Picnic tables and a snack bar and grassy areas, it's a great place to spend some time!
5	I would argue that this is one of the greatest train themed parks outside of Europe. It sounds weird to say, but I've been going here since I was 2 years old, and now I'm 30, and I still make time to visit this place when I visit Scottsdale.It is singlehandedly the reason I'm obsessed with trains as an adult. No questions about it. They have updated the park considerably since my youth. They have a brand new model train room that is beautiful, and the layouts there are still under construction. It is fun to go back every couple of months and see what new things they've added/finished.  Almost all the playground equipment is brand new. They have these amazing sails that block the hot, AZ sun on the playgrounds now. I do miss some of the more dangerous elements that seem to have been removed from every playground these days. The fireman's pole is gone from the wild west playground pavilion. I'm sure some kid fell down it and broke his arm, but it was my favorite thing at the park and I'm always sad to see it gone (although you can still see the pole in there, they've just closed up the top). I could go on and on about how things were, but the thing is, this is still an amazing park, and I can't wait to take my kids there (when I have some).
5	I love the fact that Yelp shows a chart of how the star rating is broken down by how many users gave what rating to each business.  Note how top heavy this place is rated, with only an extremely low number of people giving it 3 stars or less.  That is the true true.This place is absolutely a must go for kids.- 2 different trains they can ride around the park- A museum that allows you to walk through a historically significant actual train, as well as see tools of the trade and different brochures.- A miniature train museum with hundreds, if not thousands, of models all in working order and interactive- A very reasonably priced ice cream shop- The merry-go-round- The play ground is huge, with many features you won't see at most parksAND!- Clean bathrooms- Clean park- Only costs money to ride train, carousel, and the train museum (not the mini museum or anything else) and the prices are inexpensive.You will love this place, and so will your kids.
5	So much fun and a great place for the family. I love history and this place has it all. Can't wait to go again and visit!
5	Took my nieces here a few weeks ago. Great place for kids of all ages. Very inexpensive too so that was a bonus.
5	JD invades AZ Day 2:The McCormick-Stillman Railroad (MSR) is a 30-acre theme park that's run by the City of Scottsdale on land that was donated by the McCormick family. It's very reminiscent of the Billy Jones Wildcat Railroad (BJWR) in Los Gatos, CA. There's a lot of train and non-train related activities to get into--so, let's stop wasting time. Model Railroad Building- This is every child and train enthusiast's dream; it's a huge Exhibition Hall filled with loads of electric trains and model sets that are generously provided by the local train clubs. The entrance is free, but there is a small donation box if you're feeling charitable. I'd also highly recommend going here in the afternoon; it's a good way to get out of the heat but still keep the kids entertained. 4*Scottsdale Railroad Museum- This features one of only four dining cars that was built by the Pullman Co. for the Santa Fe Railway; the dining car is fully restored with vintage decorations to give you an idea of what the train looked like back when. It also has a huge variety of train memorabilia that are too numerous to list--you need to check it out for yourself. Fun Fact: Presidents Hoover, F.D. Roosevelt, Truman & Eisenhower all rode in that dining car! 4*Train- This is what you really come here for: to ride the train! The train was donated by Guy Stillman who even had a chance to sell it to Walt Disney, but wanted to keep it in Scottsdale.  It's an approximate 8-minute ride around the park that everyone enjoys; there's even a Cattle Car that the kids love cramming into--which is great for us parents as it gives us that moment of Zen we always desire. I was only able to see the Diesel Engine, as I guess they only run the Steam Engine on the weekends. Next time, Gadget... 5*Carousel- Pretty standard ride on a historic 1950s era Carousel. I'm not a huge fan of Carousels (and neither is the boy), but if it's your thing I'm sure you'll love it. 4*Playground- There are two separate play areas: one that's a traditional playground -with slides, swings, and such- and the other that's designed to look like an Old Western Town--complete with Bank, Stagecoach, Gold Mine and Hoosegow! They're both pretty terrific, but my one qualm is while there is some shade, it's probably not as complete as one would like from an Arizona Playground. 4.5*Picnic Areas- Tons of shaded picnic areas with attached BBQ Pits; FYI,  the nicer ones are available to reserve-- so be aware on weekends. 4*Value- The MSR sells tickets at $1/each which is puzzling because each ride requires two tickets--wouldn't it make more sense to sell each ticket for $2? But, I digress... They also sell an All-Day Pass for $10 which is a terrific value because after a few rides and a visit to the museum it's already paid for itself. 5*The MSR is a great place and is run very well by the Scottsdale City employees. My son and I were there for almost 5-hours and we had a blast. If we lived in the area I'd probably be here way too much. It's a great and cheap way to get in some wholesome family fun without breaking the bank. Highly recommended!
5	Very fun place for children and adults. There are a lot of things here that are free with the exception of rides, and the tickets for riding the train etc are very reasonable.  This place is a very fun way to spend an afternoon
3	The park is pretty clean and spotless. I would say great place for children bcoz they have carousel, playground, and little train ride. However, this place is not for adults bcoz there is nothing to do in here.
4	Brought my nephews here and it seemed to be good for about 2 hours-worth of diversion for a couple of rambunctious 4 year olds. My biggest grip is their ticketing system. It is kind of a pain to have to buy tickets to all the different parts of the complex...just a personal preference, but I would prefer to just pay a flat rate (like $10) at the door and be done with it.The Pullman Car exhibit was really cool, so definitely spring the $2 for that if you go.
3	This is for the Sunday night concert series. If you like families and dogs and strollers and people running around your blanket and trains blaring their horns and lousy sound systems and parking from hell, the Sunday night concert series should be on your radar. My chunky date and myself found a decent location away from the stage, but still experienced most everything previously mentioned. None of it really bothered us too much, so if you can endure all of that or actually somebody with multiple dogs and kids, then this is your piece of cake. The Scottsdale douchebag factor was not in effect, but you will have to arrive early to get a spot across the street. Now, it might have been more crowded due to holiday weekend, but who knows unless I go again which I doubt.
4	Their live music on Sunday night's is great! The staff is always nice and the park is clean and kept up well, which I always apprecaite. They are dog-friendly as well, so furbabies are welcomed!
4	i always enjoy the concerts on Sunday evenings!  Great concessions and clean park to enjoy friends, family and music.  This is a great park to host any occasion for any age group.
5	Perfect place for kids! Grassy fields and plenty of shade make great picnic spots. The train rides, museum and playgrounds provide just the right amount of fun for little ones. Rides don't start until 10:00 (9:00 in the summer) so time your visit appropriately!
5	Surprisingly fun! Solid playground and picnicking areas, no misters so bring lots of water. Prices for train rides and carousel were reasonable, ice cream was inexpensive but good. Definitely fun for the family, but keep in mind the train tour museum is only open in the winter. Electric train building was really neat, well put together with love.
5	How many wonderful things can I say about this place? It's the absolute best place to take the kids.   It's way bigger than it looks with huge grassy areas with barbecues and picnic tables galore! You could easily spend the day frolicking in the grass, doing cartwheels or throwing the ball around. The playground there is huge and almost completely covered with bathrooms and water fountains very conveniently located. They have 2 different train tracks and a carousel if rides are your thing. For me, the train museum was the highlight. This you have to see. It's like any kids dream train set. There is so much to look at and see!! Bring some cash because they are trying to build new displays and they are accepting donations. I would have happily paid to get in but it's free so I don't mind donating to keep this fantastic museum going!
5	This is such a wonderful park to bring the kids and family . So much to see and do. Great playgrounds and fields to play in. Also have a merry go round that plays disney music. And if you're a train fan, you'll love it here. Miniature trains to ride and a museum of toy trains everywhere. Great place and always clean
5	We've come here for years now and it's one of the best places in town for kids.  From the train ride, holiday lights, free concerts in the park, model train building, carousel, to the play areas this is one of the best parks around.  Even the food for the kids is convenient and cheap.  If you are from out of town looking for a park for younger kids this is it.
5	It's always a pleasure to take my granddaughter to the Railroad Park for a picnic. The playgrounds are age-appropriate and have a misting area for the kids to stay cool during the warmer months. The train runs regularly around the park and the carousel is charming. There's a good assortment of ice cream flavors and the snack bar area is neat and clean.
4	It's no secret that I am a lover of miniature trains! When I found out about this place I had to take a trip. The park is very nice and seems to be quite popular with locals. There were lots of picnics and parties going on when we visited late on a Saturday afternoon. The park is well maintained and very spacious, but I only went for the miniature train. They run the train continuously but there always seems to be a line (get your tickets and get in it). Tickets are $2 per adult for a short ride around the grounds. The train ride is fun, you get to go over a couple of tiny bridges and through a covered tunnel. The track circles the entire park so there's plenty to see. It is a hit with kids and adults and is well worth the two bucks. They also have an all day ride pass for about $10 which would be a great value if you or your kid loves trains and plan to spend the whole day. All of the train exhibits and the small merry go round require tickets to enter. Parking is plentiful and free, as is admission to the grounds (you only have to pay for the exhibits or rides). A great short stop while visiting the Phoenix area.
5	Great place!  Playground, train rides were inexpensive,   museums had wonderful kid activated trains, cheap snacks, building and grounds were well maintained.  Areas for Birthday parties and picnics.  Wonderful day for family.
5	Great place! Surprisingly more fun than I expected! Luv the playground, train, merry go round, and museum! Very clean! This place is an absolute must!
5	Love this place. Have been coming here since my oldest son was born, and now my littlest boy gets to enjoy it as well.
4	Took my friends little daughter here last Saturday for the Christmas lights and I didn't expect this place to be so crowded! I thought there would be more things to do but when I looked around it looked like it was the carousel and train ride to see the lights which you have to pay and get tickets for those rides. They also had a museum which you had to pay separate to get in.  It started at 6:30 PM and we got there around 6:15 PM and the line for the train was already SUPER LONG! We rode the carousel first since the line wasn't that bad and the little one seemed to enjoy it and it was actually fun for the adults too! They had Elmo, Cookie Monster, Tigger and Piglet characters hanging around so you can take pictures with them. They also have a little convenient store where you can get coffee or hot coca, ice cream and little snacks. Anyways we decided to go wait  in line for the train ride and we were walking over towards the line and the line got even LONGER!  It went all the way towards the parking lot (APPROX. wait time 1 hour and 45 min.) I felt like I was in Disneyland waiting for rides, the wait was so longggggg and it was cold, but we were all just telling ourselves it's not for us it's for the little one so she can enjoy it! We were talking to a few parents that were in line and they said they come every year just for the train ride and last year they waited around 2 hours but they said it was worth it for the kids. The train ride was probably the best attraction that they had there, it was about 10 min. long and it was enjoyable (Better than that lame drive through Christmas lights I went to last year in Phoenix). This place had lots of lights and cute little characters, they even had Frozen which was cool since that's the big thing right now. They even had fake snow blowing in the air towards the end. My friends little daughter kept yelling out "Best day everrrrrrrrrrrr!" so I guess she had fun LOL. I don't think I would go to this every year and wait in line for almost 2 hours but it's definitely a place you should come with your kids at least once.
