5	I want to comment on the rotisserie chicken here.  It is the best I have ever had!  You get a full plate-mango salsa, salad, etc. for about $5.  Best deal in town!
4	I doubt this place has high end, luxury rooms.  But, the casino and fast grub is great!  I stopped in one time to grab a hot dog and brew.  Sat down at the bar, ordered, then started playing Keno.  Within $2, I hit 8 out of 8.  While I was waiting for the money on that machine, I slid to the one right next to it and, you guessed it, hit 7 out of 7.  This was all before I could even get my eats.  $5k off $3.00.  Woo hooo!Great place.
4	I'm convinced that the name is used as some sort of reverse psychology. I mean, how many establishments have you seen around with such positive names as "best," "great," etc. Compare that to the amount you see with negative sounding names. Exactly.Well, to say that this place purposely looked up the thesaurus for creative antonyms is not entirely true. "Terrible" is actually the nickname of a former popular land owner in the area, who also ran a gas station using the same name. So, there is a bit of local nostalgia involved.Anywho, the hotel itself? Not bad! It's a bit off the Strip, but no further than say, Hard Rock Cafe, so it's really not that long of a stroll if you are looking to get into the thick of the action. For those wishing to stay away from all that madness that is the Strip, it is also a welcome diversion.The buffet is unpretentious, and just the way it should be! They actually have REAL food here, not all that whatchamacallit razmatazz conjured up at those other joints. The whole premise of a buffet is that it is not supposed to be all dolled up and ritzy. All those expensive buffets in Vegas really are a hoot. At the end of the day, it's nothing more than a self serve restaurant, for crying out loud. How high class is it supposed to be?I usually stay here when I go on those Chinese concert bus tours. Apparently, they have some agreements with the travel companies, so don't be alarmed when you step foot into this place, you might think you have been magically transported to HK.
4	Not bad.The rooms are pretty basic, and not expensive.  It's about a 10 minute walk to the back door of the Hard Rock.  Yes, it is perfectly legal to walk down the street in Las Vegas, and furthermore if you're there eating like a pig and drinking like a fish, a little stumble and some fresh air are a nice change of pace.  The pool is not fancy, but it is nice.  We were there with a bachelor party, and we were a bit loud at times.  Nobody seemed to mind whatsoever.  I had breakfast here twice.  The portions were HUGE.  We also had a need to arrange some transportation for a large group to a location well off the strip, and the folks at the front desk did a good job of coordinating a ride for us.If you go to Vegas to be pampered and to feel like you live in luxury, this is NOT your spot.  If you go to Vegas to go out and hit the casinos, see the sights, and come back to the room to sleep and take a shower, this might hit the spot.
4	I've only been to the buffet here, but it's pretty damn good, and it's cheap. If you can venture off the strip and are looking for some cheap eats, check out Terrible's buffet.
3	Prime rib special, I want to say 7.95? Comes with a potato some greens and believe it or not a draft beer. The Prime rib (not surprisingly) is pretty fatty and bland, but where else can you literally fill up till you want to puke for under 8 bucks. AND get a beer!Kind of a run down and fairly depressing place, but if you're hungry and strapped for cash it'll do.
4	I used to hang out at Terrible's when it was the Continental.  Believe me, the difference is astounding.  If anyone thinks it's depressing NOW, they should have checked the property out a few years ago.  Sheesh.  Horrible.    Not Terrible.  Horrible joke.Anyway, just so people know, Terrible's is a local gas/lube/convenience store/car wash chain that did well enough to open up a casino and that's where the name comes from.  It's a tiny place, good to get some cheap eats at or play a few slots if you're in the area.  It's quite well appointed for a hotel/casino in the part of town that it's in, and you can't beat that prime rib special.
5	I love eating after a night of drunkeness!Go here after midnight, they have really cheap eats. I'd tell you how cheap if I could remember...but I can tell you this, I heard about this place from Food Network  when they had a show on cheap eats in Vegas. So you know it HAS to be good!
4	When my friend told me we were going to be staying off the strip at a random place called Terrible's, I winced.  But, it was cheaper and I thought oh ok, why not.  I'm all for saving money!  When we get there, let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised!You walk in and it DOES NOT smell like you walked into the smoldering end of someone's cigarette butt.  The room DOES NOT smell like stale smoke either.  The people at the front desk were really nice.  The people at the counter where you sign up for the player's card were very cool and we got a free t-shirt and a bunch of coupons, which was, again, very cool.Obviously, this is not some swanky place but I have to say I really want to go back there!  The rooms were decent and well worth the price.  There was NO mold or mildew in the bathroom, which is a huge deal to me because I think it is so gross to go to a hotel and find that they didn't really bother to clean the room that I want to get clean in.  The food upstairs was decent.  I ate in the diner-type area and the waiter was hilarious.  And, if you ask the cab drivers there where to go for breakfast, they recommend Terrible's, so that speaks well for them.Now, why didn't I give this place 5 stars?  Well, I had one little issue when I was gambling.  Mind you, for the most part, the guys at the craps table were awesome.  They were so friendly and so helpful and I felt totally comfortable which is great since it was my first time playing craps.  The one bad part of the experience is that I was hedging my bets on the 8 and when it hit the 8, the guy took my $5 that was on 8 and gave it to some other random person at the table and then took my $5 that was against the 8 away.  So in one fell swoop, I lost $10 when I shouldn't have lost any.  Then, when I contested, he just kept saying that it wasn't my money.  Needless to say I took all my money off the table and just waited it out until 1) I was calmer and 2) he was replaced.So overall, I recommend Terrible's.  Just be careful with your money at the craps table because if you get a guy who is sloppy and isn't really paying attention, it's his word against yours and he wil win.
5	I had read other reviews on here about Terrible's. I was torn whether or not to go there, but I was just intrigued. Now, what was I intrigued about? I was intrigued about how one yelper said this place was a magnet for Chinese guests whenever there is a famous Cantonese pop star in town for a concert. Now this I just had to see.I wanted to see what the attraction was all about, but when we got there it looked like any hotel you'd find on the old strip, just less sleazy and less ghetto. It wasn't smelly or musty inside. Since it was morning I thought we should check out their breakfast specials (if they had any). I stopped and asked a security guy where they were serving breakfast and he pointed us upstairs. Cafe on one side, buffet on the other.We ventured up the escalators and we immediately noticed a sign for the buffet breakfast. At $4.99/adult how could we refuse? It was only $2.99 for lil guy. The breakfast buffet was amazing for only 5 bucks. There was a station where you can have custom made omelettes and waffles. Here's a run down on what else was available: pancakes, bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, corned beef hash, chicken fried steak, hash browns, fresh fruit salad, a bunch of canned fruits, cottage cheese, cream of wheat, oatmeal, and some other stuff I don't remember.I ordered a veggie omelet and they even had jalepenos which gave it such a nice little kick. On top of that they also threw in some fresh spinach. The omelets were huge and I wish I had taken a photo of it, but I was pretty hungry and forgot all about it.For $5 it was absolutely a great deal. Hubby, lil guy and I ate for a total of $13. Drinks were free. We had OJ, iced tea and coffee, all included in that low low price. DAMN! I was so happy I gave the server a $5 tip. That's like 40% isn't it? HAHA. Terrible's was terribly good for breakfast that's for sure!Here's to yet another cheap but great meal in Vegas.
4	Surprisingly SHOCKED!!! There for personal monkey business over the weekend, and there were some big events in town so everything was overly expensive.  I usually stay at the Mandalay, but the rooms were $380  per night...So moved to Terrible's...I was expecting some dive, but it wasn't too bad.  They gave us the Jacuzzis suite for my wife and I in the new tower.  The rooms were clean and room with a big flat screen.  Parking was nice and easy with plenty of stalls in the structure.  The pool looked nice...we never made it out there.  For the value they charge, it was a great deal.  FYI - Terrible's family owns most if not all the gas station in LV.  They also purchased the Prim Hotel in Prim.
4	For my "FIRST" review of a HOTEL in the city of "Las Vegas"!!!  Terribles is a "Hidden Gem".  This won't be the case for very long!  This is a bit off the strip, but nothing away to really make you frown upon it.  Upon looking at this place you begin to think you made a awful choice.  But THINK TWICE.  "Don't judge a book by it's Cover"!!!  This place is great.  The rooms are HUGE, Tubs have a Jacuzzi's suites, and the parking was plenty.  The plazmas on the wall, and the food around the area was cheap, easy to get too, and open 24 hours.  I was thinking..."REALLY"?  So if want to do Vegas in style, and cheap, and just want a great stay, I RECOMEND STAYING HERE for a night, then go to one of the 400 dollar rooms...see how the match up!  I bet your room for 70 dollars at Terribles is just as good!
3	The Buffet:No one can accuse Terrible's of false advertising.Armed with a giant tote bag full of ziplock bags I entered the buffet with dreams of stuffing my face and my handbag with food. Unfortunately, the only thing packagable was the table of danishes.For the price of $3.50 a person (we had buy 1 get 1 free coupons), the food was adequate...with the exception of the cold shrimp a couple of my friends are still trying to get out of their system two days later. Overall, if you're totally broke and picky, Terrible's buffet is a great choice, but you might be happier gambling the money at Terrible's low buy-in tables and spending your earnings at a more edible buffet on the Strip.
4	Who names their hotel chain "Terrible's"???What are they trying to say??I don't know.  Because this place is pretty damn un-terrible.  It's nothing fancy (at least not the part we were in), but it's very reasonably priced for being pretty close to everything.  The restaurant downstairs is also reasonably priced, has great service, and has pretty good food.  It's a great place to stay if you're not planning on being a bump on a log inside your hotel room during your Vegas trip.  If you are planning to be out and about most of the time and need a clean, comfortable place to sleep when you finally get around to getting some shut-eye, this is a good place for you.
5	Wow, what do I have to say. This is truly a hidden gem. Not only is the food dirt cheap (breakfast buffet is 4.95) its actually pretty good as well. No fancy frills or anything here, if you're looking for a cheap place to eat, a hot shower, and a bed to sleep in this is your spot. Its tucked out there, down flamingo and it is too far of a walk to get to the main strip, but with the money you're saving by staying here I think it's worth it. Like I mentioned they got that really cheap buffet and the 24 hr coffeeshop. Perfect for drunk munchies, because once again, its REALLY CHEAP.
4	you know when you hear a name like terrible's you kinda think "should i?" i didn't stay here or gamble here but we did eat at the upstairs restaurant/cafe & you know what....you can't judge a place by the name. they actually had delicious hot wings that blew hooters wings out of the agua. my husband got breakfast here (one of our late late nite binges) and it was good...huge pancakes. aside from the fact that there are a couple of shady people in the parking lot from time to time ....this place ain't half bad!
3	I just ate at the buffet. I went here based on a locals recommendation.  I was in the mood for prime rib and they had it.Since I was in the mood for prime rib only I did not want to pay the price for other buffets. The prime rib was very good. The other items were not so great. Very small selection. I have seen Home Town buffets with more selection than this place.The price was great. $10. You cant beat all you can eat prime rib for that. We did not have to wait that long to get a party of 4 seated. The service was prompt and courteous. I would surely eat here again.
1	Boyfriend and I needed a room on a Saturday night and every single place was SOLD OUT! Even in PRIMM and the Silverton! So, we took the only room available in town and the last room available at the hotel, a $99 smoking room. It was seedy, dirty and the "complimentary" lotion was USED! Even our survey was stained! But I took we took it for what it was, another night to play in vegas and a place to sleep before driving six hours home to LA! Definitely don't stay here unless you REALLY need a place to crash last minute, but a $99 room is pretty unheard of on the weekend!  Plus boyfriend had a blast gambling with the locals!
3	Chainsaw S. have a motto....  Aim low.You can't expect anything good from a joint named Terrible's.  Low expectations are the key to good customer service.Genius.  That's what Terrible's is.Here are a few suggestions that would have given them 4 stars from me:~Throw in a fabric softener sheet with the towels every once and a while.  Good thing I forgot my exfoliator at home.~Try not to make your guests feel like they have the world's fattest ass.  I'm telling you, every time I sat on that tiny toilet seat I sang "Fat Bottom Girls".~WD40 those elevators, please.  I had a damn good time staying at Terrible's.  The bloody mary's were good AND free.  The pool was refreshing and relatively clean.  And the best part... it's walking distance to the Double Down, even in heels.
4	Great place to gamble with the locals and sit at a table for less than $15 a hand.  Not fancy, but hell I love the Double Down.  Cheap eats for that 4am meal too!
1	My bed was crunchy. Last time I slept in a crunchy bed was in Rosarito on Spring Break. I also wore flip flops in the shower.Enough said.
4	Hahaha! Originally I wrote that there are some shady characters in the parking lot at times.........who would've thought it would be members of my own family!!!! My brother in law got stopped by a motorcycle cop as we were exiting the parking lot of this fine establishment this past August. You see, my brother in law has a big mouth & crazy sense of humor....so as he was yelling & making an ass out of himself (messing around of course-a little Vegas excitement) the cop took it as disturbing the peace!!!! ahahahahah!!!! Ghetto moment at it's finest as we all sat with our mouths shut trying not to burst out laughing at him while the cop was questioning him! I love Vegas!!!!
3	I'm rating the Bingo here.  This place is really fun and cheap.  You can play and play all day and sometimes actually win.  And if your are lame like me you can get a machine to do all the work.  This place is stuffy, stinky and seedy but you're in Vegas so why not.  They have a smoking section in the Bingo hall but it might as well be the whole place because its one small room that hasn't been renovated since who knows when.  You get free donuts, chips and sodas.  The bar waitress comes in and gives free drinks and if you tip her well she will come back over and over again.  This place is fun to try out when you are tired of the strip and/or have time to kill before a flight.  Oh and don't forget to sign up for their players card it comes with a coupon book that has an additional bingo discount.  And BEWARE of the bingo sharks there.  Since I've been there a few times you tend to see the same locals who are hard core with tons of cards and machines that win all the time!
4	Lol.  Us ladies were going on a mini-last minute road trip to Vegas!  Since we were on a budget, we let our trustworthy Yelp lead the way.  Terrible's was cheap and they had rooms available.  As we were driving up to the hotel, we were unsure if they had valet (to help us with all of our luggage, of course).  To our surprise, they had valet and the hotel was pretty clean inside.  There is plenty of parking in their structure and in the front.  Some of the people inside were a little shady, but it's a locals' joint, so there are many different types of characters.  This place has a small motel feel with the convenience store, low ceilings and a small front desk.  The room was clean, had a flat screen tv and a coffee maker for our hangovers.  Food deals are amazing and room service was super cheap.  The Player's Club coupon book is chocked full of great deals, etc.  This isn't the nicest hotel around, but it does the job for a fun, low-key weekend.  It was worth every penny and more...  I'll definitely be coming back.By the way,  this place is 10x cleaner than Excalibur at just the fraction of the cost!  I heart Terribles!!
3	I'm not sure if this place should get 3 stars for being what it is,or 4 stars for being what the rest of Vegas isn't.No frills...  includes: - No Pretentious crowd - Waitresses that are actually clothed - Parking available - a buffet that isn't stellar, but a decent meal for a decent priceWe were here last night for the buffet dinner and it wasn't bad... I'm not sure if I had some odd stomach stuff going on afterwards from this or something else(you can never tell exactly where it came from right?), but the food didn't taste horrible and the service was pretty good.i hear they have a good breakfast, maybe i'll let you know how that goes.
5	If you're going to Las Vegas on a budget and want a nice place to stay, I would highly recommend this casino.  There are flat screen tv's in all rooms and are nicely decorated.  I found this place just by chance while stopping at the state line where I found a pay for 1 night get 1night free coupon.  They also have a buffet that offers a buy 1 get 1 get free.  The smoked brisket alone is worth eating here.  If you become a club member you can easily build up points here to purchase merchandise and or get free rooms.  If you like to swim, the pool area is nice and does not have the large crowds like the strip casinos do.  I have kids that go with me and this is a big plus for me.  My one and only complaint about Terribles is they do not offer internet service.  I don't have a internet card and rely on my motel for internet access.
1	So this review is only for the brunch buffet! The morning that my family was leaving Vegas we decided we should go to a cheap breakfast buffet, after a quick search we learned that Terrible's had a brunch buffet for only $10 a person.IT WAS NOT WORTH THE MONEY.Everything was horrible.  The french toast was stale, the eggs were cold, the OJ was SOUR.  My muffin was so hard that when I threw it at my sister it actually hurt her when it finally hit. It's breakfast people! It's not that hard to get it right!the only thing my mom and I ate was the watermelon.$10 for watermelon?not such a great deal.it really was TERRIBLE.I would have given negative stars if possible.
4	Going to Vegas?  Can't afford the Strip? Don't mind something a little off the strip? Don't wanna stay in Downtown? Go here!  You will have a room with a bed, bathroom and a flat screen TV.  Ask for a tower room they are newer.
3	I've had better rooms in Vegas for $70/night.All in all, this place is A-ok thoughThe Tower room was clean.  Beds were comfy.  Nice view of the pool.  Colors were a bit...uh...tacky.  It was like baby shit brown walls, with banana bread puke carpeting. Staff at the check in desk were friendly.  Bus driver was just there.  Restaurant hosts were rude at the Mexican restaurant and the buffet.Buffet food was gross, both dinner and breakfast.  Not worth the $10 they charged.  I'm still looking for the Jack in the Box that the restaurant staff told us was just outside the casino...I don't think it exists...What's up with the pool closing at 8pm????  In summary, this place is ok.  Nothing great, nothing horrible.  Would I stay here again?...Maybe...
5	We only go here for their super cheap but really good prime rib. $10 for a 10oz prime rib and comes with potato and veggies. Oh, they serve it at Bougainvillea cafe. When you're a grad student on a budget, this place is a great deal on food. The casino is old, but it's still a fun place. Never stayed at the hotel.
4	Totally not bad at all! We stayed 2 nights. First night I won $70 (and proceeded to blow it and then some the next day :()The room: Asked for a king bed, non smoking. We got a 2 queen non smoking. They explained that it was the only way we could get a non smoking room. No big deal, we slept in a different bed each night. Yay!We won a free breakfast buffet and a dinner one as well. We only utilized the breakfast. it was super questionable and I wouldn't have paid for it, but then again, you get what you pay for and it was a $10 value.The line for the "players club" thing, where you redeem points is ALWAYS a 20+ minute wait so if you don't want your sub-par free buffet, skip it.The shuttle from the airport kind of lagged but whatever, its free.We walked to the strip both days, it is exactly 1 mile. All the walking was my justification for drinking countless yard of syrupy booze so it all worked out.The room was clean, bed comfy, and there were no complications. i would definitely stay again.
1	We only went for lunch. It was not the best. We started out our meal with a very cranky lady at the till. Were seated by a very nice woman who had a smile on her face. She was the only person in the joint who could muster politeness (even fake is appreciated). We were seated next to three tables filled with dirty dishes. Two of the tables stayed dirty for the entire hour we were there. Our server brought us 4 oz. glasses of our chosen beverage. He did refill them for us twice. However, after the first 20 minutes of our meal he disappeared. Literally. He was never seen again. If he went off shift they never replaced our server. From there on out we had to get our own drinks. I noticed several others serving themselves as well. The selection is extremely limited. There was a station where a lady was cooking salmon in small batches. Otherwise you could get dried out fried chicken, paper think pork chops that were cold, or a slice of rotisserie meat. End of meat selection. The hot sides were not any better. The gravy had a nice thick film across it and the instant mashed potatoes were runny. The macaroni and cheese was unappealing.The salad bar had many different items. However, most of the salads were old as well as the condiments. Mushrooms were not white, lettuce was orange rimmed and many other off color items. To top it off the dressings were very messy. Dripped across one another and all over the greenery. No one wiped down the bar or tidied up the area. It was cheap we had a buy one get one coupon. We only had to pay about $10. It truly was one of the worst places I have eaten in the 2 1/2 years I've been in Vegas. Unless you are dieing of hunger, don't plan a trip out there to eat a buffet. I'd avoid it if possible.
4	i gotta give it up for the under dog casino, Terribles rocks!! when me and my love were down on our luck at roulette we stopped in here. the roulette table had 5 dollar minimum bets and i won a hundred the first night. not bad for me. the dealers were very friendly and chatty. I'm not sure about the rooms or anything like that but the tables were awesome to play. also if you sign up at the member center you get a free shirt or hat. not so terrible.....
4	i stayed here 4 yrs ago for a great price: a 20 spot.  across the street from the hard rock.  hip casino, nice room, good food. good perks, cool giftshop.  far from the strip, but close to a 99only store. good place if yer driving.
3	We came here because they had a two for one buffet.  When we entered, there was free five bucks to play the slots.  You also get points when you play that can be redeemed for prizes.  It's like chuck e cheese for adults. They have wine, coors beer, jewelry, all redeemable with the right amount of money!Sadly, the promotion for the lunch buffet expired so we had to pay $6.99 per person.  This is still pretty affordable compared to going to a fast food restaurant and only getting some greasy fried food.  On thursday, they have a seafood buffet which their leftovers become part of the today's friday lunch buffet.  Some of their food was a bit stale being a day old.  I enjoyed the shrimp which was fresh but everything else was average.  This place is known for their slot play and cheap hotel room stays.  There is apparently a airport shuttle to their place too.  Good for you people that like to fly.  You can get points and get free gas.  These points are earned through slot play.  The tables still give points but it is very rare to rack them up.  Sum it up, slot players and people wanting cheap hotel rooms might want to check this place out.
3	I decided to book a room here, two days prior to having to go to Vegas. It was cheap and quick. The beds were comfy. Everything worked. I hated that the shower curtain was made of cloth so water got everywhere. When we left the AC on, and returned back, the room was really stuffy. I know that no one stays here for the TV, but my buddy was sad that there were only like 10 channels. Oh, but the front desk guy was cute and sarcastic. Would I stay here again? Probably. Oh, and parking was great!!! More than enough.
5	I've stayed in the Terrible's hotels in Primm before, so I didn't expect a whole hell of a lot out of the one in Vegas. Boy, was I surprised. The Casino is pretty standard, but the room was immaculate and super comfortable. We were on the ground floor, just steps away from the pool. The courtyard and pool were gorgeous, filled with trees and some strange birds that made the most hilarious squawking noises. I was happy that the annoying, splashing children level was at a minimum. Bummer that it closes super early, I really love night swimming.Check out the Bougainvillea Cafe upstairs too, it impressed the hell out of me. I'm definitely staying here again next time I'm in town.
5	Mr. Terrible, you are a fine man. Terrble's is fondly known as a "local's casino", which means it cheap, and full of weathered ass old people who have tanned and smoked for way too long. The hotel is located off the strip, but within walking distance to Hard Rock Hotel, and CVS, the home of value-priced Tecate. The rooms were pretty large and comfortable. There was plenty of space for us 4 hags and all our bonus accessories and snacks. Our room was very close to the pool. The pool = kickass. Terrible's keeps some rambunctious birds hanging out there. The pool has a lot of plantlife surrounding it, which makes you feel like you are in palm springs, and not at that one "local's casino". On friday night I ate a delicious steak, hash browns, eggs, and sourdough toast for 6 dollars.On saturday, while my friend was betting her life savings on "00", the wacky roulette dealer was making the rest of us poor bitches laugh. I wanted to get her name, and write a nice letter, but failed to do so. That was probably just the beer talking. All in all, a wonderful time. I couldn't hate the place, even when I saw the sunrise on Sunday morning, and realized 1) I was still drunk, and 2) we had to check out in 4 hours.
1	This casino's breakfast buffet is the same name as the casino it's in... TERRIBLE. (NOTE: This review is for their BUFFET ONLY!)After a long, red eye road trip from San Jose to Las Vegas (about 8 hours), we were looking for a good breakfast. I had heard that Terrible's had a pretty good breakfast from some research some time ago, so we went to give it a try. Breakfast buffet for only $5.99? Sounds like a great deal! Too bad the food was a great FAILURE!The choices ranged from chicken fried steak to the staple eggs and bacon to chili. None of it really looked appealing. The only item I finished on my plate was the bacon because, well, who the hell doesn't love bacon? It's pretty hard to screw up. But everything else was too salty to eat at some point. The food was so bad that I was even scared of eating the prepackaged Yoplait.Avoid the breakfast buffet at all costs. Stick to another casino on the strip for breakfast. They just HAVE to be better than this place!
3	I went here to sign up for a players card and to check out the 9.99 steak special I keep seeing.  When I got the card they gave me a free T-shirt, a coupon book, five bucks in free slot play, and a Terrible's magazine.  By far this was the most free stuff I have ever recieved when signing up for a players card.  (California hotel...NOTHING!!!)  The steak special was pretty cool.  Pretty much what you would get for 9.99.  It wasn't the best cut of meat, but there was a lot of it.  It comes with a huge baked potato and your basic bunch of steamed veggies.  It also comes with a beer.  However you can't substitute the beer for a soda.  The wait staff was decent, we had our drink orders in before our rumps hit the seats.  Our glasses were filled on a regular basis and the waiter was polite enough to let me know my super mega well done steak would take a while to come out.  I'd come back if I was in the area again.  It's really nothing special, but decent for a cheapo like me.
3	My brother and i were suckered into having the $9.99 steak with the draft beer.  for a $1.50 more you get the salad. You get mashed potatoes and some vegetables which was okay. I would give it a 2 1/2 stars, but I rounded up because the service was fast and the food came up.  Anyways the steak was dried until you got into the middle. The steak was a NY strip, but mine was sort of dry for the most part and chewy.  But what you pay is what you get.As far as the casino, they do have video blackjack which I like and you do sign up for the $5 dollar free slot play unfortunately out of 20 tries, i did not win anything back so I figured that I probably should not put any money back into this sucker =)
3	review of standard 2 queen bed room in new tower guest rooms (non-smoking)THE +'s: fairly inexpensive. clean (most of the rooms have been refurbed). 42" plasma. big roomy chairs. free internets! very friendly and helpful staff. sundries store had a wide variety of inexpensive necessities. 24 hour buffet is adequate for the none-too-picky who need to satisfy late-night hungers.THE -'s: it's off the strip -- which makes for cheap rooms but the commute is annoying. it's an older joint so the decor has dark corners, cheap brass, and smoke-saturated carpeting. for those who go to vegas for the shiny neon, terrible's wouldn't be a good choice because it's in the non-glitzy part of town.SUM: you get what you pay for. since i'm not a gambler and just stayed in the room, i had a decent experience here. a nice inexpensive alternative for business trips. but you gotta drive though because taxi to and from the strip can get plenty pricey.
4	I went to see Blink-182 at the Hard Rock this past Thursday, and since my girlfriend was flying out of town super early the next morning, I wanted a cheap hotel room in the area.  Terrible's was only a block from the Hard Rock, so for $25 I couldn't pass up staying here.I ended up booking three nights due to a hotels.com promotion -- buy 3 nights, get a $55 prepaid MasterCard sent to you a month later.  So I saved $5 and got 2 extra nights!The first night I checked in super late, and they didn't have a king bed rooms available, so I got a room with two queens.  They moved me to a king bed room the next morning upon my request.  Both rooms were in the old tower and have definitely seen better days, but I wasn't really picky at the price I got.  I was pleased the rooms all had plasma TV's, but there were only about seven channels to choose from.  Again, I'm not too picky, just passing it along.  The hotel also offers free WiFi, but keep in mind that it's free and may not work great -- one day it was horrible and the next day it was great.For the price, I'll definitely be booking a stay again if I attend a concert at the Hard Rock and want a place nearby to crash.
4	French Fry Review: Perhaps one of the best deals around, 99 cents for some much better than average spiced fries in the bar section of the casino, 4 varieties. While they are good, I think they are frozen, not fresh Unfortunately, while they are served in French restaurant style in a cone with dipping sauces indicating someone at the kitchen knows what they are doing, I have had difficulty convincing some of the staff that they actually have them on their menu. Even worse, I hate entering the smoke filled bar to order them, still, I visit every time I am in Las Vegas.
1	Seriously? The name says it all! This place is like the worst, darkest most horrifying section of HELL!This review is for the buffet restaurant only. My friend (who I'm not in touch with anymore) dragged me here on our last day of vacation. Oh boy...The place is the trashiest, the public are red nacks or white trash old people who burnt all of their money in gambling in the shittiest casinos & therfore dont have the budget or the class to go anywhere else! The servers are bunch of ladies who are the age of my grandma yet they still work instead of enjoying their last days on the beach in Florida! Or they might be young but aged dramatically due to excessive drinking, smoking, tanning etc. Not fun, the whole place looks like a geriatric department in a shitty hospital!Food-  Do not dare!! Makes hometown buffet taste like a gourmet 5 star meal! It's tastless, greasy & the lowest quality it can be, I'll prefer any airlines food over this crap!Servers - Slow, rood, tired, ugly & then they just disappear.Health - After eating 1/3 portion of eggs & meat, I had to run to the restrooms with a diarrhea & seat there for 2 hours! Why am I abusing my body for eating in those kinda places???Restrooms - Similar to the ones in India, if you ever been, you probably know what I'm talking about!NASTY, Stinky & has lots of shit on the floor, literally.Oh boy, I was happy to get back home!If you are into white trash, red necks, old women who can't walk since their so fat that they cant carry themselves anymore, if you want your food to taste like a processed ashtray, then by all means, go for it. I would go just so I could watch this circus!Bottom line, the place is a geriatric department!  And, You get what you pay for!Yalla Bahhh! Yak.
2	the bouganvilla restaurant was not so good. after ordering, our drinks appeared quickly. then things went down hill. our food took almost 45 minutes to arrive, and was disappointing. runny scrambled eggs were the main culprit. i enjoyed the sourdough toast and hashbrowns. the bacon was weird. he had a burger and fries ... the fries were awesome, but his burger was quite pink, despite being ordered "medium". on our way out, we tried our luck at the wheel of fortune machine, where i dropped in $5 and walked out with $65, a miller lite (for him) and a vodka tonic. our winnings more than covered the cost of our middle-of-the-night meal.a couple hours after my 2 am breakfast, i found myself worshipping a waste receptacle. i suspect the runny eggs were the cause. the only reason this place is getting 2 stars is the service. our server was, experienced, prompt and did all the right things at the right times. i liked her. i just wish she had the opportunity to serve a better product.
3	Terrible's primary advantage is that it is inexpensive and close to Hard Rock Casino which can have outrageous room prices. The "new tower" in Terrible's is about 20 years newer, so it's worth a little extra money especially if you are bothered by old smoke. Terrible's is better than staying at the Comfort Inn right next to Hard Rock.----------------The food options in the casino are as simple as possible, but you are surrounded by food within easy walking distance. PF Chang's, Bahama Breeze, Cozymel Mexican, Morton's Steak House. There is also pizza and Roy's (the famous Hawaiian restaurant).------------Two of the best Indian restaurants in the city are a short walk.Right on the other side of Morton's steak house is a very unassuming little strip mall. Don't be deterred by its ugliness. Ghandi's is right in the middle of the strip, and inside the place is absolutely beautiful and has some of the best Indian food in the city for an excellent price. ------------About 600 yards north on Paradise St. is an open air mall with nothing but food. A Spanish tapas bar called Firefly, Mongolian barbeque, a Moroccan place, and Ruth Chris's and Del Frisco steak house is across the street.  There are many other options within walking distance and include Ethiopian , Vietnamese and a German beer house. Plus a strip club that caters to couples is nearby.------------So you have no excuse if you eat the shitty buffet.===========Terrible's is basically a big slot club, but they do have a few token craps and blackjack tables.
4	My friends and I frequent Terrible's cafe when visiting Las Vegas. After a long night of drunken debauchery, it's the place to go. You can't go wrong with $3 steak and eggs!
2	I was here just  to watch my Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers at the sportsbook located in the casino. This is a smaller sportsbook than some of the other premiere casinos in Las Vegas. The sportsbook has twenty televisions showing various live sporting events and one huge television for the biggest game. The huge board has a list of betting lines on future games and past scores from recent. The bar is also not far away as well. I felt uncomfortable watching my W's play at this casino because the seats are showing its wears and tears. Spectators huffin' and puffin' on cancer-sticks to calm themselves down and could care less to others who don't smoke. Just like any other casinos, you're in a toxic wasteland.I did get a little entertainment when I see four older Chinese men, who look like they hang out all day at a Chinese Bakery from back home, gossip about current sporting events in Cantonese without knowing a lick of English. For example, they cheer when LeBron James makes a spectacular dunk and saying my Warriors may never have a chance to compete.On another screen showing ESPN Sportscenter, the top story was Mark McGwire admitted to steroids. One of the older men in Cantonese shouted, "I knew the bastard took steroids and lied to congress. Then Pete Carroll's decision to join the Seattle Seahawks, the other man in Cantonese yelled, "He wants more money and power!"Finally the four were chatting the recent crazy NFL games (.i.e. New England lost to the Baltimore Ravens). I wonder if they knew who is Tom Brady?Those were my only entertainment in a dirty sportsbook/casino.
4	I haven't stayed here, just walked in to eat the grave yard special's at their cafe, but can I just say, I find this hotel very cute? I like the environment and it's clean and doesn't feel grimey or unsafe in here.  The slot machines have fake trees growing above them, cute!Even the outside looks cute..
3	Oh my goodness, I finally won at bingo, and I have Terrible's to thank. I have become a bingo playing fool over the last year, and bingo has become a staple of our ladies weekends in Vegas. The only downside to Vegas bingo, as opposed to say Laughlin bingo, is they go fast. As we are all beginners we like to hear the number twice. We like to have a second to double check everything. No go my friends. This is serious Vegas business. But do not despair, if I can win at something, I promise you can too.So, Terrible's bingo is fabulous because A, they have all you can drink drinks. Sodas, fruit juices, and I think hot chocolate. This reminded me of my Laughlin days as it was quite similar. B, it wasn't too packed which means more chances for you to win! C, they have daubers shaped like little cowboys at a markup of only $.50 more than the usual ones. D, our bingo caller sounded just like Kermit the Frog, and I could not have been happier about this.Terrible's bingo was less-than-fabulous because A, the room was pretty tiny compared to other bingos. This only bothered me because of the "smoke section" *COUGH COUGH* that ended up being the whole room. You can usually distance yourself enough from the smoke that it isn't too bad, but not in this bingo room. B, the other bingo caller was a chick that mumbled everything and went ridiculously fast. We didn't like her. That was it though. The fabulous outweighed the less-than-fabulous, so I do believe we would give this place another shot. Plus I freaking won $50 at coverall bingo. SO exciting!
1	Terrible's is exactly as its name suggests, as a downtrodden hotel chain in the bottom of the Las Vegas resort barrel.  The name isn't some oxymoron gimmick to get visitors, but named after the Terrible Herst corporation, which operates gas stations in Nevada, Arizona, and California.  It truly is a stroke of irony to know that Terrible's is named after someone's gas station company and is among the most terrible in the city.The casino is very slot heavy here, with only a handful of blackjack tables, and 1 Roulette / Craps / 3 Car Poker table.  The heavy emphasis on slots (not a surprise given that Herbst Gaming is one of the largest slot operators in the state) makes this an ideal location for chain smoking senior citizens, boozing and sleeping on their chairs.  Casino staff is nice, though there seemed to be more cocktail waitresses than personnel.  At some point, it gets downright depressing to be here for longer than a few hours.Because the casino property itself is smaller, there are no fancy restaurants or any signs of nightlife here.  They've got one little cafe / diner (Bougainvillea) and a cheap buffet that I don't think I could eat at again even with a gun pointed to my head.The suites are small and the standard rooms are even smaller.  My non-smoking room was certainly a converted smoking room as the odor was completely stained into the carpet.  The claustrophobic feeling, coupled by the noise of people creeking up and down the hallway (thin walls) made for a very unpleasant stay.That's not to say that this place isn't deserving of any stars.  I'm giving it 1 and that generous 1 is due to the cheapo prices this place boasts.  Getting comp'd is not a hard thing to accomplish here, but we nearly paid more in our meals than we did for the actual room rate.  If the wallet is nearly empty, this is one of the places to be.  Otherwise, stay far away ... or go downtown.
3	Nice place to play and eat.  Never stayed... but the place pays!
4	A great way to take a break from the typical overpriced stuff on the strip. I've had very good luck at Terrible's and blackjack seems to pay well even though this place is very slot heavy. Suits the older crowd better though w/ Bingo and free slot play w/ a reservation in the hotel. I found this place just by walking down the street from my hotel in the opposite direction from the strip. Novice blackjack players may find this place to be welcoming as the dealers will actually aid you (as much as they can...) if you're new and learning how to play. Safe area of Vegas, and not far from the strip.
2	I'm giving it two stars because of the price, as well as the 42 Plasma Screen television in my room.Other than that, if you want to stay for cheap and off the strip, this is the place for you. Otherwise, if you're 35 and under, you should not be staying here. This is where the locals and the old people go. The food at the Cafe and the Buffet are horrible. The NY steak dinner is $10 for a reason. I would rather pay the extra money to stay on the strip than to pay less and be away from it. It's a good 15 minute walk or so from the hotel to what I call Center Strip (Caesar's etc).
3	I do get a bit wistful thinking that there was no free breakfast, but for a couple of nights in Vegas it was fine. Definitely off the strip and very dark/drab compared to the glitz and glamour of the strip, but if you want to save your pennies on the place you will see for 5mins before painting the town red, then this is a decent place to stay.
2	Some friends and I were celebrating one of our birthdays down on the strip but since we live in on the north west side of vegas, we didn't want to change getting pulled over by a cop on our way home from a night of partying-DUI? no thank you. So we decided to find a reasonable room down near the strip and stay over for the night. We found a room here at Terrible's through Expedia and paid $64 with tax for the night. Not a bad deal.We arrive at the hotel and check -in, get our door cards and follow the signs that lead to the elevators to get to the rooms. First off, i swear we went from 'casino hotel' to 'broke down motel'. The walls and decor were worn down and drabby, it looks like it wasn't updated since 1970's. The elevator, jeez, press the button and what sounds like a stampeed coming down the elevator shaft made us want to take the stairs-luggage and all. We get to the room and it was really a lot more than what we expected. Flat screen tv, tidy rooms, and clean. It wasn't bad, just getting to the room made you feel nervous. haha. Maybe that was their intent....hmmm? If I had to, I would book a room there, again. The service was fast and easy. No problem with reservations or check out.
4	the hotel rooms are just fine. good for the price, with a big tv and anything you would need. the bed was a bit firmer than i like but i actually slept fine in it. the room didn't smell like smoke at all which made me super happy. the front desk is awesome, we got a late check out, extra towels and extra pillows and the service was less than a 5 minute wait for those things. i got a free tshirt for signing up for their players club which was pretty cool. we ate at the diner upstairs with our coupons, we got 2 10 dollar dinners and a pitcher of beer free. the 10 dollar dinners were a rack of ribs and potato and corn and a tbone steak with veggies and a potato. all unbelievably delicious, with yummy little side rolls with butter. we couldn't believe how good the food was for the price and we were all very pleased. they only have a couple tables but we didn't mind. we had a really cool roulette dealer for a while, and then a really weird one.  i would definitely stay here again if the price was right.
4	This isn't your on-the-strip type of place and really tries to cater to locals. Walking into this place you can see this right off the bat. But as a former local, I see this as a gem in the rough. The rooms are clean and in comparison to over $100 a night on the strip, very inexpensive. The amenities are basic but adequate. Free Wi-Fi is a huge bonus for the business traveler. The 42" panel screen TV can easily bee hooked up to a DVD player (or even laptop). The rooms are spacious and the beds comfortable.The food deals at this place are fabulous!!! If you look around (as in stop by any brochure rack in Barstow), you can find 2 for 1 tickets for the buffet. Now, keep in mind this isn't the most extravagant buffet in Vegas. But you're also no paying $30 to eat either. At $6/person with coupon, it makes it a pretty good deal. Then there's the cafe deals. For $9.99 you can get a prime rib meal with a domestic draft. There's also half-chicken and steak meal deals as well. And you don't need to be a Players Club member to take advantage of these deals. I'm not much of a gambler. I usually just play for drinks. It was late one evening and I sat at the lounge bar playing a quarter machine. The bartender was nice as he poured my DiSaronno Amareto. He didn't hound me to see if I was "playing max bet". So my $20 inserted went a long way. In fact every time I've played at Terrible's, I've come out with what I put in. And in Vegas, that's a win!Overall, Terrible's Hotel and Casino is a good deal without having to pay for all the flash and hype of the on-strip places. My advice to anyone booking here is to realize what you're getting. If you're looking for a high-end suite, book at the Rio for three times as much. But if you're looking for a decent place to rest your head in between bouts to the Strip and Downtown and you want to save a few bucks doing so, then book here. Four Stars given due to:EconomicalCleanDecent bar serviceOne star knocked off due to:Food service is hit-and-missFood quality can be better (but worth the price)
1	This place was pretty....well, Terrible. :/We walked in and the air was so thick from the smoke and the air freshener that was trying to mask it that it made it hard to breathe. I felt dirty by the time I walked out and all I did was play a few slots. Definitely won't be back here again.
1	I used to like this stop to get fuel on my way through here. NOT any more. Both last stops had to go inside for printed receipt. Also NO RV park as advertised on the annoying TV (which blares whille you're refueling). Last straw. Got routed around the whole place ion the stupid "ring road" to exit. I will push on to Las Vegas from now on.
1	The airline sent us here at a "special" rate of $35 when our flight had a mechanical problem. Found out later you get a better rate than that any day of the week. But who would want to. The rooms are just nasty - haven't been updated since I was born, stink, and probably never had a good cleaning. The casino paid OK, but I got drunk just trying to screw up my courage to sleep in that place. Ick. Remember, you get what you pay for. I've never forgive Frontier Airlines for this.
2	Just went their for the late night meal.  T-Bone steak for $9.99 you can bet that deal and it was 24 four hours.
3	I haven't been to this buffet for over 1 and 1/2 yrs. Food is still the same quality, but there seems to be more desserts. The food is okay for a cheap buffet, can't really complain about it. On this night they had osco busco (oxtails) on the menu as part of their Italian night special. It was too bad that they didn't have Chinese fried rice yesterday night as I always believe they have the best fried rice out of all the buffets in town. The only complain about tonight is their roast beef was really rare, not much people can eat meat that was so red. Besides this, not bad for a cheap buffet. You get even better deal if you have their 2 for 1 coupon. Go there on Sunday for their AYCE prime rib...$6 per person, nobody can beat this in Vegas.
3	The casino itself is not great.  Its small, outdated, and limited poker action, which is my thing.  Only one table playing, and I think it was just a tourney,  Its the only game I play, so I normally wouldn'tt come here.  But the food deals are fantastic for Vegas.  Prime rib special was a great deal.  Granted, its not a top quality peace of meat that you will find at expensive Vegas restaurants.,  What you will get is a decent meal, large portions, and short on cash.  You can't beat it.  Just don't expect a 5 star steak.
3	This place is OK despite the shady people. The rooms are spacious a little run down but they come with a flat screen and a coffee maker.The treasure trove of this place is the CAFE up the escalator. The graveyard special is magnificent. I had the pork chop which was juicy as can be. The buffet was nice too. I had breakfast there and there was someone to make my waffle for me. Strawberries and whipped cream. The selection was limited but I liked it for what it was. If you are not looking to spend a lot this could be the place for you. It is a short drive to the STRIP
4	Great stay, secure, clean, affordable. Easy access to the strip, and at a fraction of the price. The staff was very responsive and personable. It is my new favorite place to stay.
3	Very inexpensive rooms and I didn't have to walk through the casino to get there. More of a local place, but convenient to the strip. Got a room on the first floor on the inside, so wasn't noisy at all. Staff was efficient. Parking was very close to the room.
1	Had to cancel my reservation 24 hours in advance of the date of arrival.  Well, read the fine print...this place is 48 hours in advance, and so the thieves took all my money for one night stay.....they'll just fill it in with some other guests.  A**hole!
3	W went to Terrible's Buffet for their cheap buffet. We like to come here every once in a while because it's cheap and the food is not bad. This time though I was a little disappointed. First, they didn't have their usual fried rice. Second, there wasn't that many good meal items to select from this time. It was Texas BBQ night. Their smoked BBQ brisket was absolutely delightful, very tender and flavorful. Their turkey was quite good too, not dried out. The sage stuffing was also worth mentioning. But that was about it for the good food. The rest of the dishes were not too good. Their corn looked like it has been sitting out for a while, even though it was in the steam water/butter solution, it looked quite dry. The fried chicken was overcooked and so was their deep fried fish. But I can't complain for less than $6.00 a person, having a few good dishes is all you need. My wife tried their banana cream pie and quite enjoyed it. I also like their non-fat yogurt ice cream. It's a nice way to end the meal.
2	What was formerly known as the Continental Hotel & Casino, this place was a nice upgrade from that dump.  However, it's not that much better, so don't have high expectations for this place.  If you're looking for a convenient place to gamble in the area or really cheap rooms, then this is you're place.I've met a few friends who insisted on getting a room here because of the low room rates....inevitably they'd regret their decision.  Is it worth saving $20-$30 per night?  I don't think so.  Do yourself a favor and pay the extra cash to stay on the Strip.....you'll thank me later.Return Factor - 10%
3	We checked in late and it was a breeze.  The guy at the front desk didn't say too much.The room was pretty spacious and clean considering how inexpensive it was.  We weren't in the room 10 minutes and the security guard comes to our door.  He asked if I was alone.  When I told him that my husband and 2 kids were with me, he told me that the people down below us complained that we had 100 people up here!  He peeked in to confirm that I was telling the truth.  I told him that my kids were a little bit excited, but will be going to bed soon.  He was nice about it.We had breakfast in the restaurant, not the buffet.  The service was good.  Everything we requested was granted and food was made exactly as we ordered.  My kids and husband are picky eaters!  We were all satisfied.Overall, okay place to stay if on a budget.  No hassles with parking and it's easy access to hotel and close to the strip.
1	One star is really pushing it. I'd give it "NO stars" if that were possible. I was recently booked there for a week on a work-related trip (which included 3 meals a day at the buffet), and I didn't have the option to stay elsewhere. My review is intended to help people who are spending their own money so that they know what they are going to be getting for their money.CLEANLINESS:For starters, the place was filthy. The rooms were a decent size (and have nice flatscreen TVs in them), but you can't overlook the fact that the room is just disgusting. Floors have barely been vacuumed, much less actually cleaned; linens don't look or smell like they've actually been washed with real detergents, and I went to the store to buy my own bath towel because the idea of using their provided towels just didn't seem like a good idea. Also, smoking indoors is legal in Nevada of course, but Terrible's doesn't have an adequate ventilation system. It's "slightly" better in the rooms, but the lobby is just impossible.STAFF:I could almost deal with a dirty place - "almost" - if the staff were at least MILDLY polite or courteous, but they weren't. Not in any way, not at all, whatsoever. None of them. From the guy at the counter to the people who worked in the Gift Store, to the waitresses and others at the buffet. Everyone treated me and our entire group like they were utterly disgusted that we dared to bother them by staying in their hotel. Our room keys stopped working a day earlier than they were supposed to, and the front desk attendant treated me as if it were my fault. BUFFET:I realize that there's a separate page here on Yelp for the buffet, but I'll just add it in here. As I mentioned, three meals a day at the buffet was included in my work trip (for free).I'll address the food itself first:  I ate there three times in one week and the food was so horrible that I just paid out of my own pocket to eat elsewhere. Food was just not good, had been sitting for long periods of time. I asked what a few things were, and the staff didn't know.  The serving area was untidy, and the dishes and silverware were not cleaned well. (I went through four plates in the stack before finding one that was acceptable.) I ended up just having pre-packaged items (cereal, etc.)I'll also address the staff: they are representative of the rest of the hotel - they pretty much just hate you for daring to make them work. They were not polite in any way, and in one instance the waitress actually complained to us that the hostess was seating us in her section. She complained about it A LOT. To the point that I ordered nothing from her and moved to another table.My problem here is that if the staff is going out of their way to be unfriendly and just generally miserable, what in the WORLD is going on in the back, where they make the food and dish it? I can't imagine there to be ANY sort of attention to health practices, or that anyone back there would care if they saw something unsanitary. I'm sure they pass the required health inspections, but when no health inspectors are around, do you think they care? I realize that that is possible at any restaurant, but when the people are already going out of their way to demonstrate to you that they are not interested in making you feel welcome then it's much more likely that bad things are happening in the kitchen.I'm not really hard to please, and I don't go around looking for things to complain about. I enjoyed my non-working time in Las Vegas when I could get out of Terrible's and actually see the city. But I've never been so mortified by a place in my life - either a hotel or a restaurant . IT REALLY WAS THAT BAD. If you're looking for cheap then this is apparently the place, but I'd recommend looking ANYWHERE else before staying here. If you do, be sure to bring your own towels, bed sheets, pillow, and cab fare to another dining location.
2	you definitely cannot g wrong with the $4.99 late night menu which consist of steak and eggs, spaghetti and meatballs, chicken sandwich, and whatnot. the service at the restaurant was friendly and quick. the setting was rather out dated but i didn't expect much eating at 4:30am about a mile or two off the strip - however - the casino floor...unless you're a smoker or don't mind stale air - this isn't the place for you. bad filtration system or something but the whole place wreaked of smoke and cigarettes. and the pit boss - i think ron was his name. older asian guy - not the nicest of people. no smiles. no joking around. just glares at every statement or joke i made. even marty the dealer agreed the guy is a dick. i'd come back if i were starving and across the street - but outside of that - i'd rather go out to chinatown, ihop, or mcdonalds for a late night bite or gamble for that matter.
1	This place is a dump with lowlifes that frequent it. And I saw a cockroach walking on the buffet line. Also a lot of low level prostitutes and drug dealers go there.
1	WIth some of the rave reviews, I was hoping Terribles would be the answer to my future Vegas trip but no. The employees were incredibly rude to me except one waitress at the cafe who was incredibly awesome! The food at the cafe and buffet made me gag. The buffet was incredibly tiny. The gaming sucked pretty much. The casino floor was small but I was willing to deal with that for good gaming. No such thing. I will not be trekking there any longer.
2	Slot machines are tight here, as they suck up your money,and been to the  Bougainvillea Cafe there,not the buffet, big mistake, not super busy,took over 25 mins to get my meal,and it happened before,eating at the stupid same place, you think i would of remember that and gone somewhere else, the manager was useless,saying order was in parameter (from taking  and placing and getting my order)- NOT  someone screwed up,but no one is admitting to it?Bingo is ok, better winning for me downtown... I will not go out of my way to play here, better action and looser slots elsewhere..Sorry no info on the rooms..
3	Terrible's is an off the strip casino hotel which caters mostly to locals. I happen to live in Las Vegas only for a short while so I figured to check out Terrible's and see what it was all about. After having done so, yeah it's just okay to me. My main issue I have with Terrible's is that it's filled with gambling degenerates which really makes it uncomfortable for me and a good number of those people smoke it up in the casino constantly. I haven't tried the food here but my experience being there really didn't compel me to try. From what the other reviewers have stated it seems like the food is mediocre at best so I'll go ahead and take their word for it.I live close to Terrible's so that was the main reason to check it out, especially since I live about a mile away.
5	Free airport parking!  This place is great if for nothing else.  I often leave my car here, then use their free airport shuttle to get to the airport.  Same thing on the way back, only backwards (though I don't walk backwards).  Tip the guy a couple of bucks, and you're set.  Beats the $8-$14/day at the airport.I've stayed at the hotel a few times, too, mostly after concerts at the Hard Rock.  Decent hotel for the price, and free wifi in the rooms.
1	So when I was a resident in Nevada - This *USE TO BE* one of our top spots to go to for Breakfast/Lunch, and even though we lived in Henderson we came all the way out here to eat. Being that my first experience was great - I decided to look past the flaws.... The first TWO times, after the last visit which was just yesterday July 29. I can't say it will be worth it to spend even $10 on a shared breakfast.Customer service has ALWAYS been horrible *this is one of the most important things for me*. Food was good once upon a time....But now, our Country Fried Steak comes out Rubbery, Crispy, and nearly impossible to chew and swallow. Sorry Terribles Cafe, But I will not be returning the next time I am in Vegas - Nor will I be recommending anyone to dine with you. My rating = 1star.
5	There's nothing Terrible about Terrible's.Plenty of $5 tables, colorful locals, and they don't bust your balls when it's slow. I never played craps before, and the dealer didn't mind explaining the rules.I'm terrible at craps though. Don't ever ask me to be the shooter unless you're betting on me crapping out (cause that happened many times).All-in-all it's good times.
4	because breakfast is a beautiful thing after leaving the club at 4 am...
3	On all big weekends (especially fight weekends), it seems like the casinos on the strip put the trick cards in and everyone loses money. But off the strip, it has always seemed different. I didn't stay here. Mainly just came over to for sportsbetting and some light gambling since I was staying across the street this past weekend. I have always felt like Terrible's is a place where locals come to gamble and the occasional person (like me) comes in to play a hand or two. Very low minimums at the blackjack tables (start at $5 & they actually had double deck and 6 deck for 5 dollars a hand. Found that cool), and they also had 3 card poker and a few other games as well. But of course they do not have my card game of choice.. Baccarat :( But that's ok.Dealers and Pit Bosses were friendly and entertaining. And there was a good crowd that game in to play. (mixture of locals and tourists) I was speaking with one of the Pit Bosses just asking some random questions about their sportsbook, and she was telling me that they have a guy that makes up the odds for sports. This is good for me to know because if the lines aren't even close, I wouldn't do any sportsbetting there.. And would just run down to the Hard Rock.Went and checked out the lines and they were fairly similar to what I have seen from other casinos for Saturday's games. Since their sportsbook is really small, I would recommend that if you do want to watch/bet on some games, get there early so that you can grab a seat. I ended up betting and going back to my room to watch the game. I really didn't mind at all. The clerk that I dealt with at the sportsbook was cool. I explained to him that it was my first time sportsbetting at this casino and that I couldn't find the paper for college football. He helped me with my picks (meaning looked them up by the number) and didn't get an attitude like some other clerks do at other sportsbooks. Overall I had a good experience & will definitely be back. Looks like a pretty well run business from what I can see based on the customer service and how friendly the people that work there are.
2	Took 45 minutes to check in after the desk clerk served three people before me who came in after me. Missed the buffet because of it. Bed had no blanket, Just sheets.  The buffet line took way to long to get through to pay, and they couldn't take a $100 bill.  Drinks are watered down, but since they're free I guess that's not to bad.  In the room, the clock radio didn't work.  I couldn't get the AC to turn off so I froze most of the night.  No blankets on the bed, just sheeets.  TV only has 6 chanels and when I paid for a movie at 14 bucks it only played half of it and the casino refused to refund my money.  All in all, a terrible experience, and I'll never stay here again.  You're better off paying the extra cash and staying on the strip or downtown.One good note, the limo bus I was driving broke down the morning I was to leave, and they were gracious enough to let me keep it there till I could get it fixed two days later, so there's that.
5	Hadn't been to Terrible's in about 4 years and booked my latest trip there about 5 months ago. In the meantime, I looked at Yelp and became very scared that the place had changed for the far worse since I'd stayed there. So many reviews said that they place had gone down hill in the last few years so I was very worried.We just got back yesterday morning and I'm happy to report that all of those reviews are WRONG. I checked in on Wednesday night, checked out Sunday night and had nothing but a great experience in between. Myself and 5 others went so we had 3 rooms in separate parts of the first floor. No issues with gaming floor noise, no issues with smoke smell (my room was a smoking room, so I expected the smell any way) and we had a GREAT time at the pool/hot tub area.Terrible's has been my favorite place to stay in Vegas since my second time to the city. The first time I fell for that "You MUST stay on the Strip!" nonsense and spent far more money to stay at the Flamingo. My second trip back, and every one since has been at Terrible's. Wi-Fi is FREE (as opposed to MANY other reviews that claim otherwise). The convenience store is awesome, everything is priced well and the employees are very nice. Terrible's also has one of the best player's clubs available in Vegas, points are easy to earn and easy to use on everything in Terrible's which is already priced well. I have to go back to Vegas in January for CES and my company will be putting me up in a strip hotel. My self and 3 of the 5 that went this last time are already looking into staying in Vegas past CES and all agree that we need to meet up at and stay at Terrible's!
5	Clean Interior. Lots of Parking spaces. The machines seem loose. Friendly employees. I havent been here in years but its still the same. Specials everywhere you look. Definitely sign up for the players card and eat at the buffet for cheap. Its close proximity to the strip as well, so a cab ride wouldnt be expensive, a bus line is out front. Or if its not to hot you can walk. And its within Walking Distance to a CVS pharmacy and The Joint and a little shopping center.
2	Terrible's hotel, terrible indeed. I dont even know how my friends and I ended up on this side of Vegas. Maybe it was because we really wanted steak and eggs or maybe we were drunk. My friend wanted to get steak and eggs and supposedly it was super cheap somewhere but when she told the cab driver, he directed us to Terrible's hotel. There was construction going on so it took us forever to get there... shoulda been a sign to turn back... but when we did get there it was super duper tiny, reminiscent of a janky reno casino. We got the food, which was not memorable (again maybe because we were drunk or because it was whatevers.... maybe a little of both) and came out to look for a cab. Granted it was like 3am or some ridiculous hour and I felt like we were in the middle of no where but there wasnt a taxi service so we called one and waited.....and waited..... my friend went around to ask the shuttle services and he said that if we waited 20 min, another shuttle would take us back for free..... so we waited.... and waited.... a group of 8ish people just standing around in front of the hotel in a pretty dim lit area. WAH just take me home. The shuttle driver was nice.....but it felt like a refrigerator in there. I'm sticking to the strip next time.
5	This is actually a review for The Buffet at Terrible's.  This is the 4th time i have been here. It is upstairs so you can't smell all the cigarette smoke that you smell downstairs. So that is good! It is so inexpensive, you just can't go wrong.                                                                              There is a huge selection to choose from,plus your drink comes with the meal.Non Alcohol drinks that is.It is a warm cozy decor. I took my friends on this occasion and they couldn't believe it!           Even the desserts were great.    Lots of parking in the lot. Terrible's is right on the corner. Bathroom is close to the restaurant as well.                                           A lot of times in Casinos there is a bathroom very far away.  FUN!
2	Super Grimey casino.  Food is bomb tho.
4	for the price i payed to stay here and what this hotel has to offer  this place was perfect......it really was it's close enough to the strip so that if you feel like going it's literaly 3 min away and! the food in this place was REALLY GOOD both the buffet and the restaurant...I recommend the STEAK "ANYTHING" the steak was delicious next time i'm in vegas i'm def coming back for the steak but other than that the place was very chillit was an older crowd for this hotel and locals but it was decent and good service....i was surprised but happy!
4	Though times are tough we all still have to get away once in awhile right?This trip was booked by some friends of ours, and we went over Halloween weekend.  Check in was very simple, very quick and very painless.  However getting to the Casino is a bit rough right now they are doing major road construction in front of it so it is a hassle.  The night we we checked in they were doing some sort of "pumpkin giveaway"  they put $5,000 in as plastic pumpkin and people could chose which one.  Needless to say the gathering around the pumpkins was crazy which made it tough to navigate through the casino for about a half hour.  The elevator off of the lobby for the hotel only works with your room key - that is if your room key works ours never did.  So we had to use the housekeeping elevator all weekend.  Sounds like 4 stars is a bit much for a rating with such negative reviews right off right?  Well, here is the good stuff - each room has super big and overly comfy beds I actually wanted to sleep in them, then I actually didn't want to get up and leave them in the morning.  They had huge flat screens TVs on the wall, so we didn't have a huge wall unit interfering with the roomyness.  Most, if not all table were in the $10 buy in range, the staff was usually pretty decent and helpful whenever we needed them.  They also offer you a buy one get one free buffet as well as a free hat or free t-shirt upon signing up for the players card.  There were excellent places to eat, within walking distance.  One more flaw the last night we were there the fire alarms went off 3 or 4 times around 3am.  Terribles did send me a survey and I filled out and was brutally honest about it.  Within a couple of days I received a personalized email back from the VP of Operations and he greatly apologized for the dissatisfaction.  No other "strip hotel" that I have stayed have ever had anyone respond to an email good or bad that I have ever sent.  This present day for someone to exceed in customer service like is the whole reason I would give Terrible's Hotel and Casino another shot.  For the price $72 per/night, I feel it was totally worth it.  The hotel is off the strip but really it's a 10 minute walk to the strip from there.  Go, enjoy I recommend it especially if you are on a budget.
5	Extremely cheap stay!  Was upgraded to a suite, which was very clean and roomy.  Hotel staff was great, location is about a mile from the strip.  Close to very cheap food and other such places.  Gift shop has incredibly cheap beer.  I wish I would have stayed here instead of the Excalibur widescreen rooms.
1	Old, outdated & grungy. Pass
4	This hotel is great for a quick food stop and fun gambling with out all the crazy "must be on the strip" people. The food at the cafe upstairs in fresh, tasty and worthy of multiple trips. The gaming floor is fairly small but has a good varity of games to choose from. This is a regular spot for me when I visit.
1	This is for the buffet. For some reason my boyfriends sister in law told us to stop by this place for cheap buffet assuming she suggested it because it was good we walked across the street from the hardrock. The place is small and off the strip with plenty of older folks gambling away. The bottom floor is for cards and slots while the top floor they offer bingo and the food sectioned off with the cafe then the buffet.Food at the buffet was HORRIBLE or shall I say Terrible to match the hotel's name. It was like food from a poor school's cafeteria disgusting room temp food that looked like a pile of mush. Only thing that was good was the root beer float station that you could make but then the root beer tasted as though it ran out of the flavoring and was just dark colored carbonated water.Overall avoid this place as far as possible cheap food check out mr.luckys 24/7 at the hardrock or just go somewhere else near by definitely not worth the 11bucks a person i paid.
3	Pros:Free shuttle service to and from Airport (just look for their red small bus on level 0)Asked for room with one big bed instead of two smaller, they accommodated.Clean rooms with a 42" TVWalking distance to Hard rock for a classy casino, 3/4mile to the strip is ok if you have walking shoes.Cons: Though a smoke free room, strong tobacco smell from the bathrooms air vent seeping in to the room.Though I was on third floor, the parking lot outside had 26' Penske type trucks starting up at 7am waking me up.Pretty thin walls, I could hear next door people.The casino is where the local people hang out, not very attractive people.Same goes with the staff, but if you are looking for a unpretentious place...During CES had to pay $65/night.I would take this place if it was $25/nigh at other times and no other casinos have comp me good rates at the strip. Take in account that the free shuttle saves you $10 (tip the guy $1-2)
4	So I may be limited in what I can call experience in the hotels I've stayed at in Vegas [Terrible's, Hooters, and the Fremont], but Terrible's got it right, especially for the $35/night they wanted for me to stay. This was by far the cheapest hotel I've ever slept [barely] in, and the amenities were great for the money. Room looked renovated and felt pricier than I was expecting, and the beds were comfy enough for the three hours I laid in it. Thankfully, no signs of roaches or bedbugs. The bathroom is a bit dated, but when you're just looking to get clean, it's not going to be something I deduct points on something I spent all of 15 minutes in.Not much of a gambler, but I did net some money on the slots and the table games had their crowds. Did not eat at the buffet, so cannot comment on that either.All in all, it served its purpose. It outclassed the dump that is Hooters by a mile and was cheaper to boot. Comparable to the Fremont, but here you're much closer to the Strip.
3	A good cheap place to stay if you're flying in. They have a free shuttle to and from the airport, and our driver was very nice and helpful. Free internet, and room was good. My only complaint is that the beds have a plastic mattress cover that causes you to sweat. The casino has many of the newer slots and is smoky, which typical for small casinos. They have a bingo room which isn't typical for casinos too. Buffet was cheep and mediocre. The only edible entree was the carved turkey breast. If you just want a salad you'll do fine.
5	$19 rooms.A free airport shuttle (I've hopped it while staying at another hotel!)Cheap buffet that's reminiscent of college dorm cafeteria food.Terrible's rocks.
4	Friendly service, yummy buffet. Stuffing, prime rib, mashed potatoes, what's not to love. Players club discounts out the wazoo. Join the players club, not I don't work here, but they seriously give players club members crazy discounts and perks. They have a decent selection for american food (chicken and potatoes style), since I LOVE meat and potatoes, this place was great. Parking is great for Vegas, but then again, it's off the strip, about a mile off the strip. Keep that in mind if you think about walking there. The name is terrible's, the buffet is not.Service...........4/5Food...............4/5Price...............5/5Parking..........5/5Atmosphere.. 4/5 (it's a casino buffet, rating based on that)
5	Good place for the value.   Flight was overbooked and decided to get an inexpensive room near the airport.  $23  for the room - I was skeptical.  Room was clean, sheets were clean, bathroom was clean.  More-or-less quiet.  The cafe provided a T-Bone steak, eggs, hash browns and soda for $13. The steak was thick and large, but slightly tough - overall it was very good for the price. The staff was nice and helpful.  WiFi was free.  Shuttle to and from the Airport also free, and runs every 15 minutes. Ignore the complainers - I feel I got much more than I paid for.
2	they don't call terrible place terrible you're no reason. service is bad. the food at the buffet is limited and doesn't have much fresh stuff: just things like Mac and cheese with hot dogs and a taco bar. At the cafe, (which is separated by the buffet with a rail) we weren't greeted, justed asked what we wanted and made to wait a half an hour. the craps table the dealers kept yelling at the players for their mistakes instead of just telling them. the pit boss threatened to kick a guy off the table because he was putting bets after he had picked up the dice to shoot. you get what you pay for.Wi-FI is free, but you have to login with your email to use it, and the signal sucks.
3	the name of the place says it all . It was Terrible , what they don't tell you until you check in that you have to pay a $100 deposit for the room. They room was okay , but not worth the  wait. NEXT TIME I WILL JUST SLEEP IN MY CAR.
1	The hotel itself we have no idea how the rooms are because when we got there.. apparently they had given our room away claiming first that our trip was canceled due to car problems. When that excuse was not true they said oh well your card didn't go through, yet they send us confirmation numbers and showed that we had booked 3 nights and such.NEVER once did they call us, text or email us when there was an issue. So we are there stuck without a room, we had to find a hotel to stay at immediately and we went on our way.. we get home from vegas only to find that Terribles Hotel charged us 90 some dollars a few days ago and we NEVER STAYED THERE?!?! we have called 3 times now and basically have only recieved a run around. My advice to anyone  wanting to stay there... well their customer service sucks!!! in my opnion they are thieves atm..STAY AWAY
3	My grandma is in love with this place so we definitely stopped in and ended up staying here for hours. It is small and comfortable and lacks any type of glitz or glamour that any place on the strip offers. But I guess that's why she likes it. There are only a few table games here so while she was playing poker I was on slots. I have to say though, I won the most $$ off of the slots I went to here. Everyone I encountered was really friendly (except for the waitresses) they were nowhere to be found! I maybe saw three the whole time I was there (which was too long). I wouldn't really make this a go-to next time, but my grandma seems to sure enjoy it!
4	One of the best kept secrets in Vegas. This hotel, located almost across the street from the Hard Rock, is inexpensive, clean, comfortable, and has free wifi. I went on Cinco de Mayo weekend when hotels are generally very expensive and my weekend rate was only $80 per night, compared to lets say the Flamingo which was charging $200+. It is only about 2 city blocks away from the strip ($6 cab ride). Totally worth it if you are just looking for a good place to sleep in Vegas without breaking the bank.Don't expect the young and beautiful to be staying here, but they do have loads of cheap tables. Cabs can be difficult to get here unless you call ahead, I suggest taking the 3 minute walk and getting one at the Hard Rock.
2	The name says it all: this place is pretty terrible.I remembered having fun playing slots here in the middle of the night a few years ago (must have been drunk).  This time I rapidly lost $20 in a penny slot, couldn't find a bar, lost $5 more while I waited for a Budweiser from a surly cocktail waitress (I made the mistake of asking what kind of beer they had as if I was in a craft beer bar and she was pretty much like "what do you mean what kind of beer do we have?!) and couldn't run away from here fast enough (luckily we were closeish to our hotel).Apparently, the Terrible's chain also operates a car wash as we drove by it.  I can't even imagine how bad that could be.
4	pros:inexpensivenot so far off from striprooms are cleansome good coupons to use in casinocons:non smoking rooms and elevators smell smokytorn bedsheets
3	Pros: $40/night Thu/Fri night, otherwise it would be 2 stars. Free Wi Fi, free parking, cheap buffet and cheap late night food. Served us well for our purposes. Room was clean and pretty quiet.Cons:  Elevators smelled like smoke, so did the halls. Place looks like it's taken out of a 60's movie. Also, their name is just asking for terrible puns. Fun fact: The average age here has to be at least 50. If you're a youngster going to Vegas it will throw you off. Next time we're staying on the Strip.
5	This is as good as it gets for an off-strip casino in Las Vegas.  You're not gonna find hotties hanging out at the pool, or even in the casino at any time, but the buffet is a great deal and the rooms are pretty cozy.  It's located across the street from the Hard Rock and within close range of the strip, without actually having to deal with annoying tourists and traffic.  Sign up for the A-Play card and you get amazing deals, a free t-shirt and two for one buffet and gaming coupons.
3	Pros: $40/night Thu/Fri night, otherwise it would be 2 stars. Free Wi Fi, free parking, cheap buffet and cheap late night food. Served us well for our purposes. Room was clean and pretty quiet.Cons:  Elevators smelled like smoke, so did the halls. Place looks like it's taken out of a 60's movie and aged without much renovation or repair. Their name is just asking for terrible puns. Fun fact: The average age here has to be at least 50. If you're a youngster going to Vegas it will throw you off. Next time we're staying on the Strip.
2	CASINO REVIEW:  So I was in Vegas on a girl's weekend and we decided to do a "white trash" casino tour on Saturday.  This was our last stop on the tour.  We decided to go here after our cab driver who drove us from the airport to our hotel had said it was a great place for the locals to hang out.  If that's true, I feel kinda bad for the Vegas locals because there has to be a better place for them!  The place was small, smoky and didn't win on the tables or slots.  Not to mention that some of the "locals" that hang ou there looked like they might be homeless.  We did figure for our several hundred dollars in losses we may as well get a free tshirt and hat for signing up for the Player's Club, so that was fun.  Not that we will ever use the Player's Club card again, however!  After a few hours of attempting to win big and just continuing to lose bigger, we headed out front and were surprised there were no taxis anywhere to be found.  We waited it out for a bit, waiting and waiting...  So, we decided to walk across the street to see if we could hail a taxi from the other side of the road.  That's when we realized we could be in danger!  Scary part of town, 2 blonde women walking alone....lots of homeless folks and "locals" that were packing heat, I'm sure.  Still no taxi and now we're hot (it's about 110 degrees out at 10:30 at night) so we stop at the convenience store to grab a bottle of water.  Well, we were the only ones drinking water there.  Everyone else had a 40 in a paper bag in their hand!  Had to tip the "local" for holding the door open for me (didn't "have" to, but was scared not to when they asked me for a tip for holding the door...).  We proceeded down the road and saw a taxi that was available at the stop light.  We get the driver's attention, he rolls down the window and says, "where you going?".  I tell him, "The Palazzo".  He immediately yells "NO!" and rolls the window up.  WHAT?!!  So we continue walking....now the pathway is getting darker, even though I can see the lights of the strip ahead (but further away than they appear, I might warn you all...) and the walk is really starting to freak us out.  I actually grabbed my money and wallet from my purse and shoved them in my bra, at this point, scared we were about to be mugged!!  We did finally safely make it back to tourist land on the strip and were relieved.  I'd sum up the whole experience in one word:  TERRIBLE.
4	Night cap steak and eggs is a must
2	We got this hotel as a quick overnight. We didn't stay long term and we didn't care about the casinoThe elevators and halls smelled of smoke.  Our rooms did not.We ordered two rooms ahead of time specifically to have the rooms side by side and two queens in each.  In fact, were charged an extra $10 per room for this.  When we arrived at the room, there was one bed in each room.  Back to the front desk, they found two rooms right away each with two beds, about 10 rooms apart from each other.  Extra star for the good customer service.  Remove one star for not honoring our request in the first place and not paying attention to the details of our reservation.The room overall was fine, the tub was not clean as I would prefer.  Otherwise seemed ok.  We didn't come to Vegas for the casinos, to gamble or anything else like that. It was a 36-hour trip and the one overnight in this place fit the bill.If I were staying any length of time, this would not be the place.
4	This is the place you would call the Local's Strip Casino, near the strip but not! It's prices on food are a lot cheaper. in the cafe, food is good only problem is service is real slow especial on shift change, but hey, you get what you pay for! Over all it's more value for the buck,
1	HORRBILE .. the name of this place pretty much sums up the experience you will have when dealing with the quality of staff, food, overall everything!  This place definitely earned its name TERRIBLES!!!!!!!!!I was forced to have brunch there with a couple of people that were in my group on my last trip to Vegas.  But now i know why i am so okay with paying $15 just for a salad at a nice place, because with the other more expensive places you are paying for the experience and service. i cannot reiterate this enough ... this place is rediculously horrible.  DOnt go ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	We were pleasantly surprised with our experience at Terrible's Hotel. The room rates were very reasonable, the service was good, the staff was friendly, the room was clean, the pillows were soft and awesome, the pool was the perfect temperature, the a/c worked wonderfully, the grounds were nicely landscaped! It was nice to see that Terrible's is a family-friendly hotel. The palm trees next to the pool shed and there was debris in the pool, so it would have been nice if the pool was skimmed more often. My mom, who stayed with us, wants everyone to know that the carpets in the hallways are dirty so they aren't surprised when they see that. That's why we are giving 4 instead of 5 stars. Overall we were very pleased with our experience and will definitely stay here again.
3	Reasonable place located about a mile away from the strip!  Rooms are not bad either!  Wish the waiter service was better!
5	my father and i have stayed here many times in the past and it is the place to be in vegas, we will be down in december of 2012 for another stay, we hope that the pool & outdoor hot tub is open in december? please someone from terrible's please let me know!
3	Can't complain about my experience with this hotel. Beds were comfortable.Rooms were of decent size.Bathrooms were clean.Price was more than fair. Parking was free.Perfect hotel if you want access by foot to local bars and strip malls. A short taxi ride will take you to more prominent Vegas hot spots.Don't expect any ambiance of the Strip at this location though. Old people and slot machines are what you'll find on the casino level, not much else.The Hard Rock is across the street. Have at it if you want glitz.
3	I have to be honest - for ten bucks in Vegas, you have to hit the buffet. Decent meat and random sides are worth a bet at the blackjack table.
3	its a cheap casino if you are near the strip and don't want to spend to much on gambling this the spot to go!!!! a lot of table games, all are 5 dollar, the cocktail waitress are extremely nice and very attractive, drinks are cheap, there is bingo, there  is a diner upstairs plus the buffet both are okay but its super cheap.
4	Love This PlaceOld Downtown  feel and prices to Match. I have always been a fan of old Fremont (prior to the Street Experience hubbub). But other in my party always want to be closer to the Strip. Terrible s is the place. Affordable rates, clean rooms, casino downstairs and a Sunday Brunch w/ champagne for less than $10 - Just join the players club. Great drink service even late nite on a Monday. I will go back again and again.Free parking or better yet free shuttle service to the Airport.I used the Entertainment book and scored some additional savings (both on a w/e and mid week stay).
3	So we all know that Terrible's is a popular joint for graveyard specials after a night of drinking. The actual place is the Bougainvillea cafe on the second floor of the casino.  I have literally been there so many times I couldn't give you an actual number of visits.  We came here to get our fix after, what else?  A night of drinking!!It never fails.  I always get the same things on every visit.  We started off with the sampler basket for $5.99.  This basket is filled with french fries, onion rings, chicken strips and chicken wings.  The two sauces were ranch and buffalo sauce.  I loved the chicken wings the most.  Juicy and perfectly fried.  The ranch was a great compliment to all the components of the basket.  We also got the chili cheese fries for $1.99.  I didn't like that at all.  Tasted like canned chili, the cheese were Kraft singles and the fries were undercooked.  I guess it was worth the price.  Super cheap.  For my actual meal, I always get the Loco Moco for $5.99.  If you don't know what that is, well let me know grace you with its description.  Start off with a bed of white rice, add a hamburger patty and topped with eggs cooked your way.  This entire meal is smothered with brown gravy.  We love this meal in Hawaii.  It's perfect for hangovers and a night of drinking.  I got the over easy eggs.  I always enjoy this plate.  I prefer more of a stickier rice, but beggers can't be choosers.  The meal is still a good one and definitely worth the price if you like Loco Mocos.  Honestly, there's not much more I can say about this place.  I'm usually in and out after my meal.  The cafe is nothing special but super cheap and good for what it costs.  If you were to come by one late night for a graveyard special, I'll see you there!
2	Got a mail offer for two free nights, and therefore, decided to go with this local casino. Reason I want local casino, was wanting to enjoy the local atmosphere. However, didn't get much from this hotel. I rather pay to stay on other casino hotel such as Sam's Town. Two stars given by me, was because of the free rooms, other than that, I have nothing good to say about this place. 1. During check it, doesn't feel welcomed at all. 2. Ordered Breakfast room service, I believe it came from their cafe downstairs. The only thing that taste okay was scramble eggs. Worse thing is, later that day, me and my wife ended up in the restroom with stomachache. 3. During Checkout, I told the clerk about my breakfast experience. He told me that I should complain to the manager and that he can't do anything about it. (No empowerment? ), I ended up not complaining because I believe in "you pay what you get" since it's not like I m staying in Bellagio or something. Bye Terribles, Hi Sams Town.
1	Absolute worst. Disgusting rooms, rude staff(when you can find them), run down facilities. Bait and switch policies on hotel room rates and entertainment.Questionable security practices: I had to move rooms due to the billowing weed smoke from the room next door, coming under my door, and the manager gave me her UNIVERSAL key to use while the staff tried to fix their key machine.  Focus of the staff is where the money is: their casino, and they are uninterested in helping hotel guests.  Worst stay in a hotel i have ever experienced. Will never stay here again. There are plenty of other options available. NEVER stay here.
3	Terribles isn't really that terrible. They have decent food at. Heap prices and they offer a few games with low limits. Drop by this place if you're near by.
3	its a locals casino with GREAT DEALS!!
1	The entire time I was staying at Terrible's, I was thinking up this review. I was thinking, you know, where to put the "This place actually is terrible" pun line. Whether to use my frequent model of "The good! The bad!" without a real good column. How to point you quickly and effectively to the most glaring flaws. Really, spending a lot of time on metrics to figure out which flaws are the most glaring. So, here is how I'll begin:1. The best thing about Terrible's was how nice the head of security and manager were the next morning after we came back to find that all of our valuables had been stolen because our ground-floor room didn't have locked windows or a screen.2. The worst thing was the service in the cafe.3. The second worst thing were the pillows in the un-upgraded rooms.4. The third worst thing was that all of our valuables got stolen and we had to spend three hours (midnight-3 AM) dealing with that after an hour of trying to get into our room (which had been locked from the inside, presumably by the burglar), and the person manning the front desk implied to the security officer (who was great) that we had staged the whole thing to defraud the casino.Our stay at Terrible's (which we chose because of its proximity to UNLV, where we were attending a conference) was so bad it was almost comedic. Upon arrival, we tried to book a second room (splitting a foursome into two twosomes), and were just flatly lied to about availability and pricing (in fairness, I think out of ignorance or incompetence rather than malice). Once we did end up splitting into our new room, the beds were plasticy, the pillows almost unusably uncomfortable, the towels small and unabsorbent. We tried the buffet the first night, and did not return. The cafe, where we ate the other times we stayed in the hotel, was wildly understaffed, making service ridiculously slow, and riddled with errors (it once took my companion 3 tries to get toast without butter). The food, once it came, was always edible and the quantities were large, but certainly not particularly good (the one real value is the late-night menu, which is significantly discounted).This isn't to say that everything was bad. We had a good time playing penny slots, and our waitress--who was very charming and quickly recognized us and made an effort to wave across the casino floor the next day--made sure we were never without a drink in our hands. The manager our last morning let us use his iPhone charger since ours had been stolen. The upgraded rooms are significantly nicer (in a way that actually makes you wonder why the un-upgraded ones are so bad; the only significant difference seems to be linens and pillows). And, importantly, Terrible's seems to have a fine insurance company, so I was eventually reimbursed for all of my stolen items (in a way that was actually maybe disturbingly routine).So, while I can't in good conscience recommend this place, its location next to UNLV meant that given one or two things going more right, I'd probably go there again if I were in town for a conference. That having been said, this was without question by far the worst hotel experience I've ever had in my life even before my room was broken into, so maybe that just means my standards should be higher.
1	If Terrible's was meant to be a theme location akin to Medieval Times, then this would have be the best hotel experience of my life.  We didn't notice the theme after we figured out the tv would only flicker on/off for every channel, nor did we notice the theme after taking a shower with the worst water pressure ever.  I know low-flow shower heads are supposed to save water, but when you have to stay in the shower twice as long to actually get the water to take off any soap it kinda defeats the purpose (as a bonus the shower head came out at my shoulders).  We began to realize the theme of our weekend when we were abruptly woken up at 9am Saturday morning by a 30 second long piercing alarm that sounded like either the building fire alarm or emergency exit alarm.  This was followed by a 10-15 second reprise just a few minutes later.  Anyone one that goes to Vegas for a weekend knows how sacred those few hours of sleep are to the rest of your visit, we were now fully awake and free to use the above mentioned shower, woo hoo!  When I travel I like to leave the do not disturb sign on my door all day so I can have my room to myself for a few days with no hotel employees moving my stuff around.  When I returned to my room late Saturday night I immediately noticed something was off, one of the beds had been made and the other had had the items on it rearranged.  My towel that was hanging up to dry was now missing and no replacement towels were to be found (I didn't discover this until Sunday morning when I was looking to get ready).  Knowing that someone had apparently not followed my do not disturb request and done just enough in the room to kinda freak me out was definitely what put this experience over the top.  And of course the comical cherry on top was the design of the room, the wall between the sink area and the beds had a frosted piece of glass instead of, well, a wall.  The effect of this was that the bathroom lights would shine brightly through the glass onto the beds, thus defeating the purpose of the wall.  Not a big deal during the day, but very disruptive in the middle of the night.  Normally I would not mention this minor thing, but since it was part of a greater over arching weekend theme of terribleness, I'm making an exception.I will give the place one star for the beds, very comfortable.  I would recommend paying just a smidge more and staying somewhere that doesn't come off as accidentally ironic.  Just my two cents...
2	First time in all the years I've lived in Vegas visiting Terrible's and I must say I won't be going back.  "Rude staff when you can find them" in a previous review is appropriate, and "the place is actually terrible" fits in here too!AVOID the buffet if you expect a decent selection.  Maybe the other establishments offer something with some real flavor?  The salad in the so called salad bar was wilted lettuce and very few items.  The "roast" was dry, the shrimp were not cleaned properly and my daughters each found hair in their food.  I was seriously disappointed.  We're not picky eaters, but for sure won't be going back to this buffet.
4	Honestly not bad at all... Especially for the price. they did have some renovations going on that made the halls a bit hard to tolerate, but that's not something that could really be helped, so I can't hold that against them.They no longer have free wifi which was my biggest complaint. Would definitely stay here again.
4	Well, I walked into this casino, sat down at a roulette table, and came up $200. Then, I left. With that said, Terrible's Casino is amazing in my opinion.I parked in their garage in the one of the corners and it smelled like marijuana and urine at the same time. The urine stench was stronger. This is why I am not giving 5 stars.
3	Really wasn't that bad and I will be back. It's just a really basic place to sleep and shower and get on with your day. Love the fact they had the huge 60 inch screen in the room. Thought that was pretty awesome! Love the free shuttle they have...helped a friend of mine get to the airport since he was out of cash. The casino lets all club members get something for free everyday. One a friend won the buy one get one free buffet so we smashed that breakfast buffet with pleasure lol! I know a lot of people hate it, but for free it tasted pretty good haha. Now if I had paid for it...would it have been as good..who knows. They have like a mini liquor store so you can get all you need for the night. Really nice people working there so that was a plus. I hated the fact there was just one raggedy elevator lol...............but gives the place a really cool kind of character so I kinda like the one raggedy elevator LOL!!! Nice people all throughout the casino. I just loved it so much! Yes it is more of a locals casino, but it has a decent location to the strip so we would just walk to the strip and be pretty good. I really really enjoyed Terribles. On my March 6th trip i'll make sure to stop by and gamble for a couple of hours and swipe my players card. This place aint too bad as long as you don't think you are gonna get a Bellagio room for 30 bucks a night....come on now!!
2	I didn't know the hotel would hold 138 dollars on my card!! By time it came to pay my card was pretty maxed out.. I think it is pretty silly to hold so much money, then expect the customer to have even more money to checkout! I was so happy I found a good hotel price close to the strip. 38 dollars was amazing.. then when I checked in, it was we have to hold 100 dollars.. I was shocked. Then after I checked out, she told me I owed 38 dollars. I thought I paid it when I checked in along with the extra 100 dollars.. Nope.. they were holding all my money but expected me to pay more. Come on people, if I checked in to such a cheapo hotel.. maybe it's a good sign I don't have much money!!! Glad a friend was by my side to help me pay for the rest of the room with cash because my card was maxed out. Took 3 days for my money to come back to my account. Close to overdraft, thanks terrible. WILL NEVER stay here again.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. My boyfriend and I walked all the way from our hotel, The Quad, on the strip to this dump of a place. the casino is extremely smoky and crowded and when you take the elevator upstairs from the rewards desk, its creepy. we came here for their buffet that they promoted for such a low price. we got in and the waitress was extremely rude and then when we finally walked up to the buffet to get food, we realized that we paid to eat muck and food that either looked like its been sitting out for a week or is absolutely disgusting. the cream of corn looked like they poured a gallon of milk over it, their fried chicken was soggy and very fatty etc. we brought our food to the table and then decided to leave. we didnt even give it a chance after we pulled a long hair out of one of the dishes. absolutely the worst experience ever.
3	Terrible's Hotel & Casino isn't exactly the first choice for many, but five nights for $179.99 during AVN week, it simply could not be beat. Sure, it lacks just about everything the Hard Rock or any casino on the strip may have, but I knew that ahead of time. I wasn't too concerned on the amenities as I'd be out most of the time and my time within the casino would be limited. Terrible's offers a complementary shuttle form the airport, which saves you a $20 cab ride. Unfortunately, it's a little complicated getting to the shuttle. I suggest calling the hotel in advance and asking how to get to the pickup from your gate. The shuttle runs every hour. The line to check in wasn't too bad but the front desk was a little cramped as the gambling floor extended as far is it could. I wasn't expecting to get the newly remodeled rooms but as I checked in, I saw on my bill that I was being given the newly remodeled rooms. I couldn't believe it. Great deal. After being given our keys, we headed to the third floor. I was less than optimistic as I walked through the hallways and the walls were in the middle of being torn down, wall paper ripped, doors open, and empty hotel rooms. I didn't know I booked a stay at the Bates Motel.However, once I opened my room door, I was more than surprised, as it was a great looking room. It was a double bed occupancy with a 42" flat panel, a table and two chairs, a nightstand, and a cabinet for those that actually put away their clothing. The bathroom seemed to be overlooked in the remodel but it was more thank okay with me. The room was exactly what I needed at a bargain price during an expensive week in Vegas. An ice machine was right outside our room which never made any noise that kept us up. We never spent too much time exploring the hotel, but we did visit the bar once, as well as the sports book lounge. We made plans of getting their early breakfast or late dinner but never got around to it. My only complaint would have to be trying to get more towels after midnight, yet I was unable to reach housekeeping and I was too lazy to go down to the front desk. However, had I had the maids clean my room daily this would have never been an issue. Nevertheless, Terrible's was a great place to stay on the cheap. The Hard Rock is next door and you have a shopping plaza with decent places to get lunch or dinner. Pros:+ Competitive rates+ Great value+ Free shuttle from the airport (every hour and by reservation)+ Newly remodeled rooms+ Proximity to Hard Rock Hotel & Casino+ Shopping plazaCons:- $9.95 WIFI (24hrs)- Ongoing construction- Off strip
2	I am a regular here. We come about 3 times a year. I understand its buuy due to the presidents holiday, but our server was rude and unpleasant. When we asked her for refills, she huffed. How much do you like your job merlita? @ $10.00 a person and a large group, you think she would be more polite. I will have to speak with casino services.
4	Okay, you're not on the Strip.  Get the Bellagio out of your head.  Instead, you're looking at a basic hotel and casino that's affordable both in lodging and food.I'm usually here around 2am to eat at the Bougainvilla Cafe, but I was fortunate enough to stay here over New Year's Eve this year.  The room was large and clean (for four people).  It's an easy walk to the Strip, and it's great to not have to deal with driving, limos, or cabs on such a busy night when most of the streets are blocked off anyway.They  have a nice rewards program, as expected, and for a low budget location, it's really great.  If you're a snob or need to see the Strip as it stands three feet from your window, don't bother.  Also, if you'd rather spend your time in your hotel room (really?  in Vegas??), then splurge somewhere else.  For what this is, however, it's great.
3	Literally the smallest bathroom I've ever seen. You practically need to step into the bathtub to close the door behind you. The casino is cramped, making things difficult when you have luggage and trying to get to your room. There's also only one elevator to the tower rooms, so there could be a wait sometimes. The good news is our room was clean and comfortable. Nice 42 inch TV. Check-in took less than five minutes, which was awesome.Overall, not a bad place to stay if you're looking for a cheap, clean room.
1	OMG this place is so bad!!! I would never ever be back ever again. Obviously, this restaurant was not my choice, but we decided to go since our driver suggested we check out this place.The food was really 2.5 stars, but boy..the service was horrid! We waited forever to be seated when there were many open seats, and the service was SOOOOOOOOO SLOW.Again, i would never be back.
2	I was looking for an affordable place to stay for St. Patrick's Day weekend and came across Terrible's Hotel and Casino hoping it wouldn't be a 'terrible' place to stay. Its location is within a mile proximity of the strip, so not too shabby for someone, like me, who doesn't mind staying off the strip but not too far at the same time.As I set foot in the door, my friend and I had our lungs overwhelmed with the heavy fumes of cigarettes you would smell in the lobby. I think they might need to look into fixing their ventilation system if they still want to keep families coming in. Then again, this is a local's casino rather than a visitor's luxurious stay. Compared to most casinos on the strip, this one is rather small with limited selections of games for you to enjoy. There are hardly people in the casinos which almost makes this place seem like a ghost town or relic of the past. The rooms however are a different story. For someone who isn't looking for anything fancy other than a comfortable place to sleep for the night might find this place to be a hidden gem. The rooms, compared to the casino downstairs, are more modern and the beds were super comfortable. Given the strong scent of cigarettes in the casino, coming up to our room was literally a breath of fresh air, given that our floor is non-smoking. The buffet/cafe was not bad. $10 for steak and prime rib was a great deal for what it was. I'm not expecting a USDA Prime cut there for that price, but my taste buds were happy for what it was worth, even though the prime rib came out way saltier the 2nd night than the cut on my first night's stay. Overall, I wouldn't mind staying here again if other places were booked and over-priced. The room and the cafe gets a satisfactory grade along with the price I payed for them. Terrible's, true to its name, is in dire need of remodeling and new furnace to keep this place from crumbling. If the cigarette fumes weren't so strong, I'd probably give this place another star. Most likely I will be seeking other places to room on my next visit to Las Vegas.
1	I've been to TH&C many times in the past. I like this place because it's small and has good comps for free rooms, food and cash back. Most of the waitresses on the casino floor are very, very rude. Give a $2.00 tip you get a half smile and a low thank you. Give a $1.00 tip and you get a roll of the eyes, a huff or a "Wow". The clerks at the check-in and player's card desk are also rude. I arrived to TH&C this past Saturday at about 1am from California. I informed the clerk that we were checking in to the hotel. She searched my name and said, "This is weird" and continued typing. She asked for my name again and my home address. She said she couldn't find a reservation with my name. I gave her the reservation confirmation number. She said she found my name but a different address. The address she had was off by one number. I told her that was weird because I had stayed there in the past and my address was the same as the last time. She then said my reservation was canceled and they have no available rooms. I thought it was a mistake at first because neither I or my spouse had canceled. The clerk then walked away to speak to the so called Manager. I could hear the "Manager" saying, "No it was canceled and we can't help them". He walked over to us saying your reservation was canceled and we have no rooms and attempted to walk away. I asked who canceled and he said I don't know it was just canceled. I told him we had a confirmation number and he said, "No your reservation was canceled because your card was declined". I find that hard to believe because we had transferred a specific amount of money to our account for this trip. I told him that wasn't true because I made the reservation on Monday and confirmed on Wednesday and I was given a confirmation number. He said, "Well it was canceled"! I asked him why we weren't notified and he answered, "We don't have to". I told him of course you don't have to but we are customers and it would be nice to know this since we're driving from California. He walked away as he was speaking to us to attend to a couple checking in and was speaking louder causing a scene. My husband asked to speak to a Manager and he shouted, "Don't yell at me, I am the Manager". He then gave us his Manager's name and said he comes in at 7am. At this point I am frustrated, disgusted with this person and tired from the 4 hour drive. It's 2am and we have no where to sleep. This so called Manager didn't have the courtesy to apologize, offer assistance to find another room at a different hotel and let alone be nice. I called TH&C reservation this morning and asked if a card is declined what happens, she said the reservation is not made. I believe someone messed up somewhere and there was no other way to get out of it. I've stayed at this place 5 times before and this is the worst experience ever. I can tolerate rudeness, but this was more than just a rude person. We drove around Las Vegas looking for a room and did not have any luck so we decided to gamble. Fortunately at about 8 am, we returned to TH&C and spoke to Mr Cole. He was very polite and apologized for the whole mess. He then gave us coupons for free breakfast buffets and told us to return at 12pm to check in. We felt so relieved and thankful. I hope no one ever has to go through this. I don't know if I would book at this hotel again, because the comped rooms are very luring. I've recommended this place to friends and family in the past and have had good times, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone after this. I appreciate Mr Cole for apologizing and being so professional about all this and believe that's how this should have been dealt with since the beginning. Even though it doesn't make up for what we went through that night. I hope the "Manager" is reprimanded and recommend he take some customer service and sensitivity class.On the other hand, the rooms are very nice.Customer Service-0Rooms-4Parking-4Food-3
4	I could write a novel on this place. In short, if they could control the casino smoke smell and pour a decent drink it would get five stars. We stayed in a room twice the size of a mega hotel for one third the price. Pros   Low price   Perfectly clean room (checked with UV light)   Large room   Convenient parking ( ten feet from door)   Low priced buffet Cons   Casino has old school cigarette smell   Cannot buy a decent drink for any priceSuggestions    Buy a very reasonably priced bottle of booze at the gift shop and make your own drinks.
2	I have been coming here for years, and lately in the casino , they are really starting to get skimpy with the free play , as a local we have MANY choices to gamble our money and I choose to come here at least once a week and gamble a 100$ or so , added up its at least 5200$ a year , and recently I was offered a free play of 3$ a week ?? Really how do they expect someone to drive here for that ? Other casinos that I have not been to in months are offering 15$ to 20$ plus meals and other gifts ! This place is becoming a joke !! And it seems that other locals are avoiding this place as well , the casino is empty tonight whereas on a point multiplier day , this place is usually waaaay more crowded , I think I will be avoiding this place in the near future , if they really want to get people here they should offer up more $ to come , I mean really at 3$ it takes more than that in gas to get here !! Wtf ?? It's almost offensive that this is how they reward their loyal guests ! I would give less stars , but I do love their cocktail staff who actually make this little casino bearable , with quick and friendly service ! The good thing about the absence of people is that I don't smell like an ashtray tonight !! Lol
4	Awesome Prime Rib, and a great deal on a room that was clean and comfortable. We stayed in the tower so the tub situation is improved from the older renovated motel section.  Breakfast was cheap and great.  Smokey Yes.  Fun Always.  Just a decent place to stay in Vegas for those who would rather play with money than pay to sleep.
1	We were packing up to leave Vegas and needed to get an early Brunch. On the drive out we see several signs for the $7-9 Prime Rib, no strings attached [unlike other casinos that require you to sign into a players reward program or some other hook]. Unfortunately the Prime Rib eluded me as the rest of my party wanted breakfast so I was sucked into the pit that was the buffet at Terribles. The dining area is split between a sit down dining area for table service and an all you can eat buffet service.Now I shouldn't rag on Terribles too much, you can only expect so much for a 7-8 dollar buffet.But it was pretty bad.The meats were greasy as all heck, Turkey was so dry it would turn to dust and ashes when poked. The sausages consisted of casing, fat and a small tiny vain of meat. The beef brisket ranged from charcoal to gritty fat. The potatoes were meh.. Just a bad experience. Oh and the place was dirty. Seriously. Go check it out, the place is decked out with fake trees and plants all over the place. The tops of which have dust bunnies and huge piles of dust.Yuck.Just no..  say no to Terribles food.
3	My fella had never played Bingo so he chose Terrible's to pop his Bingo cherry. The casino isn't bad, but it is on the smaller side and smells pretty smoky. We walked in and the signage is good. We found our way to the Bingo hall quickly and got situated. Customer service wasn't the best. No one was particularly informative or helpful when we had questions. I've Bingo'd before, but never at Terrible's and my fella was newbie so we had some questions and we felt that the answers were short and not very informative, like they were cutting us off. Overall, the casino is ok, maybe just not my cup of tea.
1	Let me preface this review for the Cafe by stating that there were a few good things to this experience. On the whole, however, Terrible's was Terrible. I guess I will start with the good, then state the bad, then finish on the ugly. I know I write a lot sometimes, but trust me, YOU NEED TO READ THE UGLY. Skim through the good and bad, but I'm posting The Ugly as a warning to the general public.So the staff was really friendly, even if they didn't provide excellent service. Our server was over-worked and we could tell that it wasn't all her fault, I will give her that. I very much appreciated the fact that she warned us not to get the shrimp cocktail because she said it was not worth the price and that they were tiny little shrimp and you only get 5 for $14. I really appreciated her telling us that instead of letting us find out and have an even worse experience. The other guy that was helping us kept forgetting the things we asked for. But they were both friendly. Also, the bleu cheese dressing was really good, the salads were nice and fresh and yummy, the bread was wonderful and HOT, my bacon was sliced really thick which I liked, and my french toast was pretty good. We definitely never lacked any condiments. To clarify the food I'm reviewing, we ordered the sliders as appetizer, French Deuces with hashbrowns, New York Strip with fries and green beans, and salads (green for him, Caesar for me). The menu, in general, was pleasantly varied and offered lots of different things to suit any appetite.So the bad part was the food after the salads, basically. Not only did we run out of food and water for quite some time after the salads, but then we ran out of drinks again and they did not get refilled for quite some time. All I had was water, so I know it shouldn't have taken that long for me to get a refill. When she refilled my husband's iced tea, there was no ice in it at all. My eggs were ordered over medium and they came out over easy, with the white part still runny. My hashbrowns tasted like reconstituted frozen hashbrowns that weren't completely thawed or cooked all the way through. The server did not give my husband a choice of either curly fries or regular, she just brought him regular fries, then we heard her offer curly ones to the table right next to us. So Not Cool! We would have much preferred curly fries. (Side note on the whole Fry Issue: my husband originally didn't know he was even getting any potatoes, when the server brought out his steak, she said to my husband, "You forgot to tell me what kind of potato you wanted." Uhm... since the server is supposed to ask which one the customer wants when they're ordering, I thought the thinly-veiled attitude behind that question was inappropriate. I recognized her tone very well, I'm female and have attitude but NOT while at work. In fact, she had already asked him and he had already told her he wanted fries.) The steak was cooked the right way, but the chef definitely needs a lesson in how to cut a piece of steak. The fat around the edges was just cut all wrong, basically. While I enjoyed the thick cut and taste of my bacon, it was cooked a little too long and had gotten dry before it got to the table. I like crispy dark bacon, but this had just gone a touch too far into the dry side of things. The only slider that wasn't good was the chicken one (tasted like Windex to me) but our dog loved the leftovers, so it's okay.In fact, our dog got quite a bit of leftovers, which says a lot because usually she will be lucky to get one or two little bites from us. We like to eat :)Aaaaaand, the ugly. This is really ugly, too. Twice during our time at Terrible's Cafe a roach crawled up the wall next to us. Once while the server was there and she acted like she didn't notice, even though my husband pointed it out to her. We thought maybe we would give them the benefit of a doubt... to quote my husband, "I'm hungry and I've eaten in worse places." I mean, we are in a desert and it is Summer, so, yes, cockroaches get bad sometimes even when you can't help it. Okay, whatever.And now... The Ugliest of All! My husband broke a tooth on the green beans Terrible's served him. They were steamed or boiled or whatever, and were not frozen. He bit down on one and it literally broke his tooth. It completely ruined our whole meal. We had just signed up for Players Cards but didn't even stay to gamble at all, we went home quick. So they lost money right there. Hubby was in pain all night and today. We will more than likely have to pull the entire tooth, and I am not exaggerating. I mean, green beans are supposed to be chew-able with maybe a little snap, but so rubbery and overcooked that it breaks a tooth? Seriously? No way, dude.So, yes, we had a horrible experience last night at Terrible's Cafe. It started off pretty well, we gave them the benefit of a doubt and tried to be open-minded, but ultimately we were disappointed.
1	My friend's Grandma helped us get a deal on rooms for his 21st birthday, as she frequents the casino and lives next door. I've stayed here once before and caught someone in the act of trying to break in to steal my computer and run away when I left the shower. But I brushed it off, which may have been a huge mistake.This time my game system was stolen from my room, when my friend arrived he noticed the window was wide open to our room. The next morning I realized my game system had been stolen and called security, they didn't take long to arrive and take pictures. The whole time the security guard was very cryptic and wouldn't tell me who the insurance company of the hotel was. He mentioned that the window had to be unlocked which we never opened. There was a screw driver left in the room. He also told me it was the first time. Reading reviews I find my story strangely similar to Ben K.'s however ours differ; my story still being open ended at having a loss with my stolen items.I'm still awaiting a call from someone with the insurance company, it's almost been 3 weeks.I don't think I'm staying here again, if you are I suggest you ask for a room ABOVE the ground floor and take pictures of your locked windows and all of your items.Update (7/3/13): Old management and security been replaced since last week with the name change, there was no mention of this when I called last week and I'm working with the new hotel staff for compensation. This is true insanity and irresponsibility (of the old staff). I can only hope that this staff will be better than the last deceitful one. Screw me right?
3	The rooms are nice & comfortable BUT there is a big bug problem! The buffet sucks! NEVER go there because it is infested with ROACHES!!! The room I stayed in was one of the newer rooms which was ok but we saw 2 silverfish & 1 baby roach!For the most part it looks nice and clean but those damn roaches are everywhere!
4	This review is for the restaurant inside.  The buffet is an AMAZING price for what you get.  Everything is flavorful and tasty and clean and well prepared.  DAYUM, big bang for your buck when you're hungry and out of luck!!
1	NOTE:  This place is no longer called Terrible's, but it still SHOULD BE!!  I got a nice lil note from someone on my previous Yelp about the buffet.  I waited until the new name was on the marquee and hoped MAYBE (since this is a locals casino and close to home) the buffet might actually be decent.  NOPE!!  Same story!!  Wilted lettuce in the salad with very few items to choose from, the shrimp weren't cleaned properly, roaches crawling on the wall AND there was things floating in the glass of water I was served after asking for water with my beverage.  When I pointed it out to the buffet server, she grabbed the cup (can't call them glasses, since they're plastic and not clear) and walked away and never returned.  For the person reviewing these, my original visit was on New Years Day 2013, and this visit was just yesterday.  I was giving the place the benefit of doubt since it was a holiday last time, so I went on a random Friday night this time, and this trip I was by myself, just to see how things had changed before bringing my family back with me.  I won't be returning.  I asked to speak with a manager to ensure I got a name, but was told the manager was on break and I could wait if I chose to.  I asked for a refund because I hadn't eaten my food once I noticed the roach crawling on the wall, and was told I needed to wait for the manager.  I got up and left instead.
1	Ughhhh, Horrible food!! u would be way better off going to in n out if ur worried about money. Seriously everything was sooo unappetizing. We laugh about it now because we say no wonder it's called terribles! it reminded me of the movie Vegas vacation when they eat at the discount buffet lol
