4	This is the more authentic mexican restaurant in Wickenburg between Anita's and Ranchero.  People LOVE the thin bean dip that is served with the salsa and chips.  I dig it as well.  My favorite dish here is acutually under the appetizers.  I get the wax peppers stuffed with a shrimp and wrapped in bacon and they drizzle some sort of soy sauce over the top and they are seved with sides of rice and beans.  Their carne asada is pretty good as well, topped with diced raw onion, cilantro and fresh key limes.
5	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants anywhere!  Their hot salsa is wonderful & refried beans are the best I've had.  Try the chiles stuffed with shrimp, wrapped in bacon & fried.  Everything is fresh and homemade.   It has a really diverse menu and its all good.
5	Seriously delicious!Hopped in the car this weekend with my mom and kid in tow and used the Yelp Ap on my android phone. It lead us to El Ranchero, which is typically not our Mexican go to in Wickenburg, but I am so glad we found this gem. The chips were good, so were the salsa and the bean dip. I ordered the Tricolor Enchilada combo and they were probably the best enchiladas I have had.  The chicken was so tasty, the shredded beef had good flavor, and the cheese enchilada was made using Mexican cheese (queso fresco I think) and it was sooo good. The best part could of been that for 2 huge meals, 2 drinks, and an order of sopapillas it was under $25.Cannot wait to take the husband there.
4	Last time we were in Wickenberg we decided to bypass some of the usual eateries downtown and found El Ranchero.  It was a pleasant surprise.  I had the beef, ham and chicken quesadilla which was yummy.  The salsa and bean dip were excellent.  Definitely a place to visit again.
5	MR C and I loved this little gem in Wickinberg. Stopped for a bite and a beer on our way home from a CA road trip. We got there just before the happy hour (2-6).  Hubby and I both ordered the traditional mexican style tacos, aka taquitos- He carne asada & the marinated pork, me just the asada. Delish! I also had the shredded beef tostada and it was amazing too. The shredded beef was delish.  The Pacifico beers were perfectly ice cold and at $3.75 regular price, also not bad. However, if it were happy hour (again from 2-6) they would have been cheaper. Our waiter asked if he could get us anything else... I asked if I could try the $2.00 happy hour margarita for 2.00 even though it was like 1:40, He said sure.  WOWSA. Im not a huge fan of margs, but this was pretty good. Hubby liked it too.  We will totally go out of our way to return to this little treasure again.   This place is dated, but oh so clean.  just excellent.
4	Sometimes you just gotta have Mexican food.  On my way back to Phoenix from Vegas I consulted Yelp and found this place.  Nice, friendly service and good food.I had the tricolor enchilada plate and it was delicious. Chicken, beef, cheese with rice and beans.  Good chips and salsa as well.
5	I meet my in-laws in Wickenburg when my 2rd old princess goes to visit them in Kingman. We've met for breakfast at the Horseshoe Cafe(check out my review), but this time we decided to do lunch. I had read the past reviews for El Ranchero, so we decided to try it out. DELISH! Simple Mexican home-cooking is the best way to describe this place. All the ingredients were fresh and cooked perfectly. My husband had their taco salad with chicken. What they brought out was not what we were expecting. It was a taco shell in the shape of a pie crust (genius!), homemade guacamole, sour cream, the usual salad stuff, and chunks, I mean chunks, of tender, juicy chicken breast. The chicken was falling apart and it just melted in your mouth. Yum!I had their veggie burrito. All fresh ingredients and just enough to fill you for the 1 hour drive back to Mesa. My 2yr old had their chicken nuggets with beans. She loves it. Their beans are great, especially with tortilla chips, her fave. Their salsa is also fresh and good. We've now made this place our Wickenburg child-exchange location. haha. Can't wait to go back.
4	Food is good, I haven't had a bad experience. They have a low calorie healthy burrito which I get a majority of the time. Service is friendly and quit to assist.
4	I would give this place 4 1/2 stars if I could.  The tamales were tasty and I especially enjoyed the warm bean dip for the delicious chips.  I would give them 5 stars had the atmosphere been a bit better.  I didn't care for the lighting (it was dark outside) and the ambience was not so great.  Not unexpected for a low priced restaurant.  It's nice to see family run restaurants that serve good food,
4	The best Mexican restaurant in Wickenburg. Every time I visit my parents in Wickenburg I make a trip to this restaurant. The food is fresh and the flavors are nice. The "hot" salsa is so good!
4	My parents live down road and we were in town visiting them, I decided to look on Yelp for something new and different to take them for dinner. We got sat right down with very friendly service. I love older authentic home style places like this. The menu has lots of different offerings with some great choices. They serve warm chips and a couple kinds of salsas and dips (and Hot !). We all got a vast array of choices and the portions were good and tasted great. Everyone told me great choice on picking a new place and I said its all about Yelp! . They checked on us numerous times and kept the drinks full without asking . We always have gone to the other place in town but decided to change and we are very glad we did, If we lived in town we would eat here regularly !
4	By far my favorite Mexican restaurant.  The chili relleno is to die for as well as the award winning salsa. If your going for breakfast try the huevos tapatios(sp?), you won't be disappointed!
4	Really tasty food in a nice setting. Didn't take long either.
5	Thanks, Yelpers! We loved this place. On our way back from a week in Vegas, where we'd been eating expensive, tiny portions of unpronounceable gourmet fare, we were tired, thirsty, hot, and hungry.  No time to leave things to chance... Naturally, we turned to the collective wisdom of Yelp.  This place was unassuming, with plastic over the tablecloths, folksy-western decor, and a "come on in, pick a seat" greeting style.  No velvet ropes, no snooty hosts eyeing your shoes to see if you're fit to spend your money in their lofty company... So nice. Christy was our server, and she was down-home friendly, chatty, and genuinely interested in making sure we were happy with our food. Chips were fresh and hot, and served with three sauces: fresh salsa, a fantastic hot sauce/salsa, and a thin & very authenticly beany bean dip.  We ate too much of this goodness. I had the #5, taco & tostada. The taco was an honest, legitimate fried Mexican taco, fantastically crunchy & full of juicy shredded beef, then laid on its side, covered in a flavorful red sauce, and then sprinkled with crumbly queso.  The tostada was mounded with the same shredded beef, crunchy cold lettuce, and crumbled queso.  It was served with rice & beans that I really didn't have room for. My #1 Sexy Husband Man, who is infinitely finicky, had the shredded beef Chimichanga and he was seriously very happy with it. Our drinks stayed full the entire time, the chit-chat was fun and friendly, and then as we wearily eyed the road outside and prepared to leave, Christy offered directions to the highway as well as two styrofoam to-go cups and sent us on our way with fresh soda-pop and a heartfelt inquiry as to whether we were satisfied.  Yep... And here's the review to prove it.  We'll be back next time we go to Vegas!
3	food was ok.... nothing special more of a tex-Mex rather than authentic Mexican food. It was actually pretty cheap but also food was flavorless. Service was ok. Place was nice and clean. Don't think I'll be going back.
5	Awesome authentic Mexican fare.  Chris, the server was awesome.
4	Queso fundido, enchiladas , and guacamole all awesome. By far one of the best margaritas I have ever had. Prickly Pear was awesome!!
5	There are two Mexican Restaurants in town and this one is by far the better of the two.  The portions are large and the produce that is served with them is always extra fresh and crisp.  Many of the locals know about the El Ranchero, but most of the people out of town get suckered into going to Anita's which is in the heart of ole' Wickenburg.  I live here and I will always recommend El Ranchero to out-of-towners, because the locals know where to eat.Cheers El Ranchero!  Best Mexican Food Ever!
5	We went here after golfing and all of us though this place was great. We're from Phoenix and only wish this place was closer. Service was very accommodating and attentive and the food was fresh, hot and very delicious. Prices were right too! The next time were in the area, we would return for sure.
4	Right-sized portions at reasonable prices. Those in our party who got the chile relleno, quesadilla and taco dorado were very satisfied. My daughter and I got the tostada and they were watery; my chicken tostada was fairly tasteless....seemed like it was just boiled chicken, so I was disappointed. Quick, very friendly service.
5	I took my kids to go hiking at the nature preserve and decided to stop for lunch somewhere in town. We stumbled upon El Ranchero and loved it! Our waitress was super nice and attentive and seemed to really love her job :-) The food was very good for the price and I will definitely be stopping in there again the next time we are over that way!
4	Ate there yesterday (11/19/12) and had a great lunch after getting confused, direction wise as to its location. It's a couple blocks West of town Junction of Hwy 93 and Hwy 60 in Wickenburg, AZ. I had the #11, three enchiladas: cheese, chicken and shredded beef. Excellent refried beans and rice, chips, two different kinds of salsa and bean dip. Service was super friendly and fast. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area!
5	Great, authentic Mexican just outside of downtown. Very friendly, attentive staff. Great menu advice. Chili rellenos were absolutely deee-lish.
4	Very friendly service and food was quite good. Mexican food is, by nature, different at every restaurant. That's what makes trying different ones a lot of fun. I had the three enchiladas with the three different "smothering" and it was delicious. Waitress could not have been more pleasant.
5	YES - this is well worth a stop on the way home from Las Vegas. Not much on ambiance, but the food here is absolutely terrific! Just go with the daily special.
5	This is my go-to for Mexican food. I can't find a better place closer so when we're on our way back from Vegas, or just need a fix, we drive up there! The chili verde, is so good I want to have some now, tender and yummy pork. I haven't had any of their margaritas, but the rest of the food is so good.  We normally get a few items to share, and the portions are so huge that even if you are hung over from a vegas trip, you'll find yourself feeling fine after eating here. When ever anyone is in town we actually drive up to Wickenburg just to eat there, it's that kind of good. The decor and seating isn't super, but with food as good as theirs I am not sure you need that much ambiance.
5	We stopped at this place while on road trip because who doesn't love Mexican food? Immediately when we entered it was a very clean establishment with cute western decor. My friends and I were greeted with nothing but "Hello's" and warm smiles. As soon as we sat down, we were immediately brought complimentary fresh warm tortilla chips and 3 types of dips of our choosing (I recommend the "spicy" red salsa and bean dip) by the bus boy and a wonderful waitress with blonde hair (I wish I remembered her name) greeted us so happily and took our drink order. The horchata was good and luckily they have micheladas for our friend who was hung over!. Being from Southern California I know good Mexican food quality, so we ordered their guacamole which was real fresh guacamole (thank god!) and it tasted excellent with our chips. I ordered the Horitos (bacon wrapped mild yellow chiles stuff w shrimp) which was AMAZING. They were so good that I came back home and attempted to make them myself. My 2 friends ordered the flautas plate and was very satisfied with their meal as well. Overall presentation of the food and taste was high quality. This place is a mexican/tex mex style and overall the food was great but what really stood out was the outstanding customer service that was brought by the staff (including the owner herself). They made us feel welcomed and you could tell off the bat that they genuinely loved their job which is very rare to see and exhibit through customer service nowadays. If I'm ever in the area again I am definitely going back and would recommended this place to anyone who values great food and service!
4	I drive through Wickenburg for work every once in a while, and I've stopped in to El Ranchero twice now for lunch. The food and service were top notch both times. We were seated, brought chips/salsa, and drinks quickly. They have two different salsas and a bean dip. My preference was the spicy salsa which had a nice sweet flavor and a good level of heat. I recommend the enchilada tricolor combo plate. It comes with three enchiladas - chicken, beef, cheese.  The chicken and cheese are topped with a mild green sauce, and the beef has a red sauce.  The beans and rice are great too. Our server handled our large group very efficiently and with a smile on her face. My only complaint is that the restaurant could use a refresh. There were some wobbly chairs and the bathroom is sub par.   If you happen to be passing through Wickenburg, you won't be disappointed at El Ranchero. Check it out!
5	A family owned GEM of a restaurant!  Worth the drive to Wickenburg!   Based upon some other reviews I got the Taco Salad and was not disappointed.  Everyone in our party was well taken care of, and all of the recipes were amazing.  Portion sizes were beyond fair and nobody went home hungry.  Services was perfect, they clearly know how to run a restaurant!
5	Who LOVES locally owned, family run businesses? And who toots their horn loudly when it's warranted? THIS GIRL! And El Ranchero in Wickenburg is about as good as it gets. Sure the decor is rustic and a tiny bit tacky, but what GOOD, AUTHENTIC Mexican place doesn't have these qualities? What will make you come back is the food. And oh how I enjoyed the food.....Our group of 8 was seated promptly and greeted very warmly by the owners as though we were old friends. The chips and salsa were excellent; and not just because it was chips and salsa but because there were two different heat levels as well as a fantastic bean dip that were just waiting for a warm, perfectly sized chip. We enjoyed chimichangas, enchiladas, street tacos, and even taco salad ranging from beef to pork to chicken and every single thing we had was DELICIOUS. My baby had a cheese crisp that was about as awesome of a cheese crisp as I've ever tried. And it was ONLY a cheese crisp for goodness sake! It was really THAT good. Another great thing is that if you are trying to watch the added calories that refried beans can add to your plate, they will substitute black beans for you instead! Our drinks were kept full, our plates were served hot and fresh, our entire crew was treated like family. I.cannot.wait.to.go.back.to.El.Ranchero. SOON!
5	Christy was an awesome waitress!  The restaurant was hopping and she didn't miss a beat.  The food was delish!  Loved the chips (served warm) and salsa's.  The shredded beef tostada and chili verde was amazing!  Nostalgic, traditional mexican restaurant where everyone was treated like a local.  Give it a try!
5	Went back again the other night with just my husband and baby boy. We had just as good of a time as we did with our group a few weeks before! I had the shrimp ceviche tostada special. It was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! Fresh avocado slices on top of freshly made ceviche. Yum. The tostada didn't even get soggy while I fussed over little man getting him to eat his cheese crisp--which was excellent again as usual. Husband had the red chili pork special and it was so tender and delicious. The service is so friendly and polite that you can't help but feel right at home.  Love it!
5	They are soo friendly. The food is as good as when I make it at home. If you ever stop for food in Wickenburg, THIS is the place!!!
5	Driving through on the way to Vegas and found this little gem of a mexican restaurant!  We had a DELICIOSO meal of flautas, awesome salsa and bean dip.  The service was friendly, prompt and most importantly the food was authentic.  The salsa even had a kick to it which is hit and miss w mexican restaurants.  I highly recommend this place, it truly was a great experience.  AND the price was more than reasonable.  Orale!
2	One chicken chimichanga later, I'm baffled by the rave reviews.At lunch time on a Sunday, the place was quiet, possibly because it's not really on the main drag in historic downtown Wickenburg, possibly because few people other than me think going to Wickenburg in August is a great idea.One gal, who appeared to be in charge, was a sweetheart and very on the ball. Unfortunately, the other staff were... not naturals at working in a service industry.Great food might have saved this situation, or at least rendered it humorous. Unfortunately, the chicken chimichanga was filled with bland, unseasoned chicken: I guess the regulars know to order it enchilada-style to get flavor from the salsa. The beans and rice were beans and rice. I can't deny that the true, natural flavor of the chicken was front and center. So if you want to savor that chicken in its full chickenosity, this is the dish for you. In its defense, it was genuinely a nice chicken, with no icky bits left in.Best part of the meal was the "hot" salsa, which is actually hot -- not a given in Arizona. It comes in a set of three dips: hot, normal, and refried bean. This is adorable and fun, and I wish more restaurants did it.If I were compelled to eat here again, I'd order something that is definitely, positively slow-cooked in its sauce. If I were bringing an aging relative who didn't like "hot" food, I'd order the chicken chimichanga.
4	Very very good Mexican in a town where I could not find much good food. Inexpensive great service and close to downtown. I really enjoyed the burrito allot.
5	Great lunch..although I am sure round Chile's don't come that way in nature.  Taste great though.
4	Red sauce w beef and Mexican cheese enchiladas is stunningly good!  Yummies!   And $1 margarita w combo on happy hour :-)  Makes for a nice intermission on the drive home from kiteboarding Mohave or business in Vegas.
5	Hands down the best place to eat in Wickenburg! Family run, super friendly and quick service. We love the chips and salsa but don't fill up on them or you'll miss out on the great food! Hector, Candi and the whole crew treat you like family
5	I really like this place. Very good food.  Authentic and delicious.  Dont skip this place if you are looking for great Mexican food.  I consider myself a connoisseur of Mexican food and this place is excellent.  Trust me!!
5	Love this place.  Had dinner there last week with several friends.  Food was very good...margaritas excellent.  We eat here often and have never been disappointed.
4	El Ranchero is a good staple of Mexican / Southwestern cooking. We were greeted oh s nicely, almost as if we were old friends (although it was our first time). The place is simple with excellent wall painting and as your eyes get to it there is all kinds of knickey knacky (are those good words - probably not is scrabble anyway) things all around the top of the room. The chips came in warm - very nice - and a trip of dipping stuff - two salsas and creamy beans. All very nice and tasty. We split the Triple color enchiladas and all were tasty and the sauces very good. This place could easily be a go to place for locals of Wickenburg
5	Food is amazing and the service is outstanding (Christy was our server). Will definitely be back next time we're in town.
3	My hubby had a hankering for Mex for dinner. We have been here a couple of times and I have to say the food is "ok". My hubby's cheese enchiladas didn't provide him with enough flavor. He thought the sauce could have been better. He also said the beans & rice were bland. I got the Burrito Light. It was good but could use something to add more flavor to it as well. The tastiest part of the meal was the chips and salsa.Service was very good tho.
5	Candy was our server and she was absolutely delightful!!  To top it off the food was simply the best Mexican food we've had in a long time.  We will definitely make a return visit, when we are in the Wickenburg area.  We also had the pleasure of meeting her young son and he was so cute & friendly.
2	Thoroughly underwhelming. Fish taco made with fish sticks basically. Gigantic margaritas didn't save the rating but were appreciated.
4	Very good food, great prices, definitely worth the trip and then some.
3	This place is more known for the margaritas and beer. Friendly staff. The rice was bland, red enchilada sauce was terrible! Beans were pretty good, the hot salsa and guacamole were very good! Decent food, although I wouldn't recommend eating here unless you load up on the alcohol.
5	Luckily we checked Yelp as the main road bypasses 'old' Wickenburg.  We started with the fried bacon wrapped chiles stuffed with shrimp.  Very spicy but so delicious!  I didn't realize how big the appetizer was!  I was full after a bowl of their warm chips and the appetizer!  The chips were served with bean dip and two salsas (one which was on yummy fire)  I only was able to take a couple bites of my chile verde.  It was full of flavor!  It was delicious on my scrambled eggs then next morning.  Our server was friendly and attentive.
5	Like other buildings in Wickenburg, it doesn't look like much, but here looks are deceiving. El Ranchero is outstanding. The owners are enthusiastic, friendly and great cooks! It all comes at a very low price. Try the hornitos - bacon wrapped chiles, stuffed with shrimp... ask for sour cream for dipping. The chile relleno stuffed with Mexican cheese will make your taste buds sing, and the enchiladas are well above average. When in Wickenburg, this is the place to go.
5	this place became the new Wickenburg favorite after just one visit.   the margaritas were excellent (and very potent)  the chips and salsa were among the best i have ever had.  and my chili rellano was excellent too.yelp, you got this one right!   thank you so much for introducing me to this place.
4	Yummy Margaritas and a menu with refreshingly different choices all sensibly priced.! Salsas and warm bean dip were very good complimentary starters.  My a la carte items (beef flauta and marinated pork taco) were okay (wish I had gotten those bacon wrapped shrimp thingies mentioned in the reviews....).  Hubby loved his chile relleno.  We'll definitely go back when out Wickenburg way again. Thanks, Yelpers!
1	Either all these good reviews are bogus or they have gone through a major down grade. Flavorless salsa, stale chips the chilie relleno tasted like a grease soaked sponge the enchilada trio did not have the fillings they stated on the menu.  What else could add to the cold atmosphere than the glare of the sun reflecting off the car windshields in the front parking lot into my eyes at the table. They do deserve one star, the people were nice but the food was the worst I've ever had in a restaurant. Dont waste your time or money. I'm going to Anita's down the street next time
1	Our first visit. The service was friendly but the  Food was bland. my husband had the chicken chimi and had food poisoning within 15 min of leaving.   Not planning to return
4	Found this hidden place on yelp a while back. We have been here a few times now. The staff was very nice.  Their chicken dishes seem to be a bit dry each time. All the beef dishes are yummy and seasoned well.
3	This was the 3rd time we have visited.  I enjoy the chips and salsas. The food is mediocre but the prices are very reasonable.  Our waitress wasn't very helpful.  As bizarre as this sounds, I asked about their drink specials since there was one clearly posted as you walk in. The waitress says "we don't have any drink specials". I said the sign out front says you do. She stated they didn't. I asked because they had 4 drinks on the SPECIALS for $6 on a chalkboard out front but none were margaritas. I was trying to figure out if I could get a margarita for $6 as well. She was so adamant and I wasn't in the mood to argue for a drink so I chose iced tea instead. We split the nachos and chicken chimi. I only came back because my first choice was closed, oddly. I probably won't be back again unless I am in a pinch. Wickenburg locals seem okay with this establishment but if you are from out of town, it seems like a wasted trip. At this point it seems like the only decent place to eat in Wickenburg is Screamers which was closed. Your town is as basic as Prescott. Bummer.
5	I have been to Wickenburg several times, but it's always tough to find a place to eat. Yesterday, my hubby and I ventured out from our campsite at Lake Pleasant and the Yelp reviews led us right to El Ranchero. Our server, Candy, was delightful. She gave us the backstory on her family and the history of the restaurant. The chips arrived with a trio of condiments. Two salsas and a bean dip. Totally delicious. I ordered the shrimp taco and a side of the bean dip, which Candy said was a little more smoky than the regular beans. My hubby ordered the hornitos, which are yellow waxed peppers stuffed with shrimp and queso fresco and wrapped in bacon. The food was heavenly and the service was excellent. Can't wait to return.
4	Just stopped here for dinner based on other recommendations, and they were not wrong. Cute place, friendly staff and great food, plus the next horchata we've had anywhere. The salsas and bean dip were really tasty. The enchiladas trio plate was very good, as were the bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed wax chiles. Definitely would eat here again.
4	A favorite!  Excellent food, top quality, everything is freshly made.  A very diverse menu and everything I've tried is great.  Their hot salsa & refried beans are the best I've had!  Top of the line with generous portions and reasonably priced!
5	Great Mexican food.   Authentic.  Big place.  Great service.   Locals eat here so don't get too nervous when they stare you down when you walk in.  Feels like Wyatt Earp may come walking in any time.  Price was right too.
5	Delicious chicken tortilla soup with large chunks of veggies!  Hit the spot on a cold day. This is why I love yelp, without it I would have never veered off the main road en route  to Vegas.  We will def return next time Iin Wickenberg
4	We're from out of town and we came here for lunch with some family. It was tasty Mexican food at a very decent price. I shared a chicken fajitas and flan with my husband and we were both stuffed. The burrito looked great as well. The flan was good, but more dense than I'm used to.
4	Variety of Southwest entrees prepared in an attractive fashion.
3	I read the reviews so decided to try it since I was in town. Service was excellent, beer was cold and they have a wrote variety of Mexican beer.  The food was less than expected however.  I got the queso fundido, all I tested was peppers, the cheese cake out scalding hot to eat and then cooled way to fast and I was stuck with just globs of cheese.  The soft tacos were runny and had sour cream on them which was not noted on the menu.  Been there done it, don't have to go back.
