4	The Hanger Cafe is not what you'd call "upscale". In fact, if you go, you'll more likely be dining alongside farmers and local businessmen than Beautiful People. However, if you enjoy an old-time "greasy spoon" you will likely love Hanger. It serves prime chicken fried steak, hamburgers, and about two dozen varieties of sandwiches including Rueben, Philly Steak and BLT. The other -- and more compelling -- reason to visit the Hangar Cafe is that it is a prime spot for airplane watching. The little cafe is housed in an old airplane hanger on the northwest side of Chandler Municipal Airport. The best spot for rating the take offs and landings is a table on the patio.
4	For me, when I'm craving a good 'ol breakfast like eggs, pancakes and hash browns,  the Hangar Cafe has all the staple menu items.  I recently had a Denver Omelet that really hit the spot.   Saturday and Sunday mornings can be busy so you might have to wait, but it's worth it!
3	Want to take out of towners someplace cool that's not a chain restaurant? Hanger cafe is a greasy spoon and they keep your coffee cup full- it's excellent. They have WWII style calendar girl pin ups on the wall.I usually get biscuits and gravy.
3	I can imagine sitting here years ago and seeing beyond the landing strips to....nothing but fields and dairies!  It's old school no doubt (no lattes and cappuccino's here) but great in every way.  Typical greasy spoon diner food served by authentically beehive hairdo'd waitresses.  FYI The omelets can serve three people.
4	My father in law is coming to town this fall and is ga-ga for aviation so when I heard about this joint, I had to give it a test run.  I went in for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon and there were just a few open parking spaces.  I am not one to think of a place as being worthy just because of it's traffic.  (Think Olive Garden).  I was seated at a table between a group of flight wives and a group of hard working men in cowboy hats, quite a diverse set of guests, I think.  My waitress promptly brought my menu and returned just as fast with my water.  I poured over the menu trying to decide...I'm horrible at restaurants and I didn't have my husband beside me to hurry me along.  I decided that the true way to judge a restaurant like this one was to order a burger.  I ordered Rick's special with fries. My meal was served quickly and as soon as it was ready.  No heat lamps here!  My fries were good, not great because I like mine more on the crispy brown side than the pale tan side but they can't read my mind.  The burger!!! Wow!  It came on a fresh, soft french roll with two patties (I didn't notice that in the description otherwise guilt wouldn't have let me order it!)  The patties had white and yellow American cheese on it, lettuce, tomato, sweet onion, and a special sauce similar to McD's.  I normally would have given 1/2 of my burger to my hubby, but alas, I had no one to share it with and so I just HAD to finish it.  :)My bill was $7 and change plus tip for this glorious find.  I can't wait to bring my friends and family here when it is cooler so that we can sit outside and watch the planes take off and land...that is if I can take my eyes off my meal!(I didn't notice that high chairs were available...if you need one, I'd call to check)
4	I'm a guy.  I like watching planes.  I like watching old WWI style biplanes.  I like watching attractive women get in and out of old WWI style biplanes.  And I like doing all of the above while having breakfast.Sometimes, while sitting outside, you get to overhear compelling conversations.  "You know its hard buying underwear for you.  You have your father's irregular crotch."My previous supervisor took me here one day for breakfast.  After a quick glance at the menu, I ordered an egg breakfast for under $4.  What a deal!Turns out, it was basically an egg mcmuffin.  So much for the deal, but you cant beat the ambiance.I took my wife here a few weeks ago, and she loved it.  One of my favorite places for breakfast.
4	TIME MACHINE ?Just tried this place for the first time. Felt like I had been teleported back to rural Arizona circa 1973. A small cafe where land owning geezers gather to while away the morning over coffee and stories. Only thing missing was the nasty cloud of cigarette smoke and bloodshot eyed cowboy wanna be's still up from the night before. Hallelujah for progress. The food, service, and atmosphere are old school good. But this place is small and crowded so stay away! This is my new breakfast place, all mine!
5	A Hangar Cafe Haiku:Butter Colored GreaseMagical, Viscous PondOn Plate, In BodyThe Japanese really had something going with these haiku.  If it isn't worth saying in 17 syllables, is it really worth saying at all?  True, this is contrary to every facet of my conversational style, but...I look for only two things in a breakfast place.  Eggs and hash browns.  If there are eggs and hash browns at a restaurant, it is a-ok.  But if you go to Hangar and sit at the bar, you will see them slathering a paintbrush into a golden vat and then smearing what comes out onto english muffins, into recipes, on to the griddle, and so on.  And that warms my heart in a way that would make every nutritionist cringe.  The bacon is cooked to that sublime level of disintegration where it just melts in your mouth.  Pancakes--decent.  French toast?  Actually quite palatable.But the chicken fried steak? Now we're talking!  A dish that comes with all four of the food groups (i.e. butter, fat, grease, lard) making a succulent primordial soup on your plate.  Bursting with flavorful morsels of sausage and beef.  The perfect hangover cure, and by that I mean that if you're hungover, go stuff yourself with this meal and you'll want to die, but at least not because of the alcohol you drank.  Everyone wins, kinda.Note: at 11, they no longer serve breakfast and who wants lunch after what I just explained to you?  Although I did have a croissant club sandwich and it was very respectable!  Just not, you know, chicken fried steak.There sometimes is a wait.  Deal.  Because if you're looking for a greasy spoon, you just found it.
4	This place is so much fun!  It is the right combination of greasy spoon and quality, filled with what look to be regulars hanging out.  It is located right on the Chandler Municipal Airport, watching little airplanes is super fun.  Breakfasts seem pretty standard, delicious and not remarkably healthy.  When I came back for lunch yesterday, I was astounded to discover one of the best veggie burgers I have ever had.  This was the last place I would have expected to find a veggie burger, much less a really, really good one.With think fries and attentive service, this place is fun and delicious!  The fact that I go there anytime my boyfriend is up for it and it's about a 30 minute drive from home is indicative of how awesome it is.
4	I went there for lunch with a friend and our two toddlers. It is somewhat kid friendly. The planes are the main attraction, especially if you can sit on the patio. They have high chairs, crayons and coloring mats, but the kids menu is nothing special. The adult food, however was delicious and fairly priced. It is a great place to spend a  lazy weekday afternoon. (make sure you reference the map on how to find it or you will be lost.
3	I never knew this place existed until I saw the reviews on Yelp, and I live right down the street. I went for breakfast. It was kind of difficult to find. We sat on the patio so we could enjoy the weather and watch the planes take off and land. I ordered the chorizo burrito that was recommend by the server. It was served with hash-browns and wrapped in a tomato basil tortilla. It was really good, a bit spicy and a lot greasy. The ham steak looked good as did the omelets. The server was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice (except for the loads of kids). Try this little place, its a cute hide away with good food.
4	Diner category 4 star joint.  Tucked off the beaten path unless your path happens to be a flight plan.  This place is busy on weekend mornings.I've been a couple times for breakfast.  Good basics:  eggs, omelets, toast, potatoes, etc.  They are capable of cooking to order which is better than many places these days.  If you ask for your eggs scrambled lightly that is what you get.  The atmosphere is diner meets aviation.  To get to the entrance you have to enter the hangar area close to the runways.  Fun!
1	The worst service in all of Chandler.i have been here a dozen times and it never improves. Takes 10 minutes to get a menu and silverware. Another 10 minutes to place an order and then 30 minute to make an egg. I am a person who enjoys supporting non-big chain local small business but not at the sacrafice of poor service. The village in is only 2 miles west of the hanger cafe on queen creek.
5	This place takes all 5 stars for me.  Keep in mind, this is a cafe at an airport.  Their breakfast is good old fashion diner food, and they do it well.  However, what really makes this place for me is the service and view.  My family loves coming to watch the planes and eat a leisurely Sunday breakfast.  They are very kid friendly and my daughter always asks to go visit "the nice ladies with food at the airport."  I will remain a frequent flier.  (I know, it was lame!)
2	I was in Hangar Cafe with my kids and had breakfast, and there was a waitress with blonde hair and a lot of makeup, I think her name was Stacey, and I just want to say that even my kids noticed that she smelled very strongly of cigarettes, and they're only four and six. I think this is very unprofessional of your establishment to allow servers to smoke during their shifts.
4	This is a cool little "greasy spoon" type diner with a standard breakfast menu. The atmosphere is the best part, being set on the runway of the Chandler Airport where little planes are landing and taking off every couple of minutes. I would recommend sitting on the patio for the best view. The service was very friendly and welcoming.
4	Went there for breakfast this last Sunday morning and it was great ! Food was great service was great and the atmosphere was great watched the planes come and go from our table and they have an upper deck to sip your coffee from if you want to after your done eating. A little hot but fun with the grandkids! Family place. totally recommend it. Will go back for the lunch soon.
2	1. The food is DELICIOUS, and cheap.2. The two waitresses are like walking ash trays who breathed in my mouth as they leaned over our table and gave me a sampling of what it would be like to kiss a smoker. Gag.3. Drinks were deposited with fingers touching the tops of the cups, leading me to ask for three straws, please.4. We were seated by the bussers tubs, and I was reapeatedly splashed with dirty dishwater -- but, thinking I was probably just lucky to have a seat w a view of the planes, I didn't say anything.5. Our OJ was room temp, so we carefully spooned ice from our waters to cool it off.6. She tried to upsell me grilled onions!!! waitress: "Would you like grilled onions?" me: "Sure." Seeing her writing on her pad, "add onions," me: " oh, is there an extra charge?" waitress: "yes" (not saying how much, just pausing coldly) me: "then, no thanks." It's like when waitors say: " and would you like soup or salad?" insinuating that it's included with your meal, a la Olive Garden.Unfortunately, I will be back. It's the closest restaraunt within biking distance, and my family loves to see the planes (so I am outvoted)...I truly appreciate good, cleanly service, and usually tip at least 20 percent, so it's not as if I am just some picky, ungrateful customer. This time I left the tip to the mercy of my husband. Sigh... I will be back, with a good attitude and a watchful eye. Just had to get these things off my chest. All the other reviews seem good, so maybe it will grow on me...
5	If you ever flew a small plane or flew with someone, you are gonna love this place.  Loys of good food.  Go!!!!!
4	Breakfast, dinner, it doesn't matter what time you go, the Hangar Cafe is delicious. They have to put something special in their hash browns to make them taste so AMAZING. It takes a little long to get the food, but you know it's fresh because they cook it right in front of you.
4	I've been here many times since my original review and they are consistent!I met my wife here for lunch on a Monday and it felt like a secret little rendevous!Meeting at a hidden diner tucked away into a little regional airport, crossing the tarmac to get to the restaurant, watching folks hop in to their little planes and taxi away...
2	Whatever you've read before about "at least the food is good" is gone! I've been eating there for a while. It was good before. The last two times l have been there, IT HAS GONE WAY DOWN HILL, just within the last month. Our whole group agreed. Much smaller portions, cheap on the ingredients and the waitresses have more attitude.I don't know if they have gotten overconfident because people line up to get in, but, that will stop very soon. Yeah food cost more because fuel cost is up. Why are so many joints, just to save a buck, cutting quality. They don't think people are going to stop eating there? I say, Cya!
4	Very authentic diner style food.  We enjoy this place mostly because it s a serious hidden hideaway place.  And it is amazing for kids.
4	I dont know how people know of this place because it is very tucked away in this small airport, you wouldnt think that there was a restaurant here! Anyway, this is a fun place to go to for breakfast or lunch, kids would love it. You can enjoy good food and look out the window at all the planes too. Maybe even catch some landing or taking off. The staff are all very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is very casual, they have some great plane-related decor that is fun to look at!Our plan was to go here for breakfast, but our day started past noon so we missed the breakfast menu. Oops. Thats okay, we still got lunch! I had the buffalo chicken salad. Their house dressing is delish. I was aiming for the healthier lunch route but that quickly went down the drain with the delicious cheese soaked bread that came with it! My boyfriend got a wrap of sorts, which looked good too! Two thumbs up for "airport" food, haha!
2	This place has the location down, that's for sure.  But that's about it.  The food is just terrible.  The ingredients are low quality--i.e. thickly sliced lunch meats with huge veins of fat running through.  And sometimes even rotten--i.e. the blue cheese gone bad on one visit.My dad loves this place because of the airport location, but after half a dozen lack luster to disgusting visits I refuse to go back.  They could REALLY use new management, a new menu and a new supplier...
5	I love coming to this place! The food is delicious and alway consistent! If your lucky enough to get a table out side u will have the pleasure of watching the private plans take off and land! Hopefully soon they will be able to expand so it isn't so crowed! Best breakfast spot in C-town. However the service isn't the best... But I've had worse at other Chandler hot spots...
5	I love this place.  The menu always tempts me with several alternatives.  Sitting outside is great when the weather is clement.  Indoors is cozy.  The service is friendly and effective.  The espresso is excellent. Enjoyed the black bean wrap this morning.
5	If your looking for yummy food and great service, stop by the Hangar Cafe! We stopped for breakfast and our entrees were all delicious. The cafe has a very homely and comfortable feel and even the other patrons were friendly!Great spot and atmosphere!
4	A good breakfast joint with a great view.  Not only can you chow down on some good omelets and other breakfast entrees but you get to see airplanes taxiing, taking off, and landing at the same time.  You know a place is good when a seat is hard to come by on a Saturday morning and there is no way to tell this place is there from the street.  This place is deserving of repeat business from me.
4	Great smokey tasting Omelette's and friendly staff.  Great experience at the airport.
3	The venue is more of the selling point than the food -which is your average breakfast food (I have only attended in the mornings).  I attend for early breakfast as this seems to be the best time to see the planes landing or taking off.  It is attached to the hangar and you can walk into the hangar to get a closer look at the planes currently getting maintenanced.  If you want to go someplace different and unique -go here with the kids or someone that loves to plane watch -the atmosphere is a fun experience but be ready for a bit of crowding unless you sit outside on the patio --bring a jacket if this is your intention during breakfast during cooler weather -gets chilly!
5	My son loves airplanes so we went here for breakfast on Sunday. It was a perfect spot for us. The planes pull right up to the cafe and park. The food was great. We had the spinach and feta cheese omelette and French toast. We will be back!
5	I went to Hangar Cafe after a friend recommended it to me. I love little places like this...takes you back in time. I had breakfast and got a 3-egg sausage omelet with hashbrowns (with the onions!) and white toast. EXCELLENT food. The service was great, too! Highly recommended!
3	My family and I visited the cafe for the first time today.  The staff and food are wonderful, but I would caution everyone with small children from coming to eat at Hangar Cafe.  Based on our experience, the mostly male, mostly older week-end lunch crowd is not very child friendly.  One older man in his 80's, sitting just 2-3 feet away from us, cursed at my family because my 2 year old son was excited about seeing the model airplanes suspended from the ceiling.  Among other things during his rant, he told us to"shut the f****** kid up."  We spoke with the restaurant manager and we were offered to be re-seated on the patio to make us more comfortable.  A waitress who overheard the rant apologized several times for the man, but I honestly felt like the man and his party should have been asked to leave or be reseated which they were not. We decided to take our food to go instead.  Let me say that I understand that kids' behavior can be annoying, but this is the first time that anyone was openly vulgar to us and our kiddos. The restaurant is very noisy anyway, so I truly did not think that we stood out in any way.  We were simply seated next to a grumpy old man. Still, it was a scary situation!  Looking back, I should have called Chandler Police since the man did seem unstable.  We received a generous gift certificate and an invitation back, but we will NOT RETURN to the cafe because of the fact that aggressive and confrontational patron behavior was not properly handled by the manager.
1	After reading the reviews, both good and bad; I decide to take the chance and take the fam there to enjoy a nice Saturday morning breakfast. Well, we arrived late and ended up having lunch. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated. We were seated outside on a semi-enclosed patio. That day was very windy and cold. It was also very loud.. After waiting 30 minutes, we finally got our food. The description on the menu for my husbands sandwich said "piled high" What he got was totally different.. Maybe one slice of turkey was in his sandwich. The food was not that great.. Got the check and when to the counter to pay, I asked the owner to itemize the bill. I didn't feel comfortable paying just the total written on the bottom of the check. Well, WHAT DO YOU KNOW!!! There was a mistake.. Not only is he charging people a different amount then what his menu reads, but he is also taxing every item.. You are supposed to tax the whole amount after everything is rung up.. Not each item.. Gheesh! After arguing with him and creating a rucus in the restuarant; I was very glad to leave.. No apology was ever given and we will not be returning.. I will be contacting the airport to advise of them of the tax fraud going on there, as well. Usually I don't care about a few cents, but if he does that with everyone, it equals out to thousands of dollars a year.. It's ethically NOT RIGHT... What a cheat!!!
5	Excellent diner food and ambiance! We have been going here for years, and it's one of our favorite breakfast spots.
3	The food was pretty good here, but a bit pricey for what we got. My whole party had breakfast and it was quick, food was hot, but no real wow factor on flavor. I would recommend if you are in the area and just want a quick breakfast.
3	Pros: Hearty food, big portions, reasonable wait, pleasant friendly service. A good place to bring anyone who might be into planes as the front tables (inside or patio) offer a partial view of the runway.Cons: NOISY & food could have been hotter (cool potatoes ).
3	If you are going to the Hangar Cafe on a Sunday for breakfast be sure to allow for plenty of time. We had breakfast with friends last Sunday and there was about a 20 minute wait. The service was very good as is the food. Large portions. The menu is pretty typical and it is a good place to take the kids so they can see all the airplanes. We have been there a couple of times now and I'm sure we will return.
4	I live very close to the Hangar Cafe and never knew it existed until my motorcycle buddies told me about it.  It is just like one of those old fashioned corner diners I used to eat at when I was a kid.  And, the service was absolutely fantastic.I did try their salsa (for my potatoes) and it tasted like bottled - I would love it if they made a fresh Pico de Gallo salsa ... I can't wait to go back there again!
2	We ate here Sunday for breakfast. Of course it was crowded and VERY stuffy and super loud. We were sat by the window, with the blinds up so people can see the planes take off and it was hot and uncomfortable. We waited a while for our food but unfortunately the heat and stuffiness of being by the window kind of ruined the breakfast. It is still too hot out to have the blinds up and not enough cool air circulating. We were a larger party so we had no where else to sit. And my sister's step daughter found a small hair in her food. YUCK!! Perhaps we went on a bad day, Sundays appear to be the worst almost anywhere and this is no exception.
2	This place is OK to hanger out and check view the aircraft parked in front and those flying over head .  However I was not impressed with their burger, much toooo greasy and I never did get the wait staff to bring mustard and mayo.  Hopefully their other dishes are better.  Not my first choice to take out of towners to.
5	truly meets the definition of hidden gem.the boyfriend and i have a great sunday tradition. on saturday night we open up Yelp and search for new places we haven't had breakfast at yet and then try them out sunday mornings. it's a great way to learn different areas and discover some delicious food. so, we were looking at the area around us in Chandler and noticed a little pin located within the Chandler airport. it didn't seem possible that there could be a restaurant there so we did some more research and found their facebook page. indeed they were open 7 days aweek for breakfast and lunch. we thought we 'd give them a shot.i'm so glad we did! located right in the middle of the private airport, the hangar cafe gives you the ability to stare at awesome personal places while munching on some serious diner style breakfast. the portions are pretty large, so be prepared to be full. i had the hangar cafe eggs/hashbrowns standard staple and it was great! eggs cooked to order with crispy hashbrowns. the coffee is pretty decent too.i'd recommend getting there while the church crowd is still occupied. it can get pretty busy and a wait for a patio table can take up to 40 minutes during peak times. you want to sit on the patio so you can look at all the planes taxi and take off. this place is also super kid friendly. a lot of the people who own the planes will let the kids approach when the engines are off to take a peak inside. really a whole lot of fun for the kids or the kid in you :).
2	Heard great things about The Hanger Cafe. Been meaning to take my wife for the past few years. Stopped in today for lunch. Waitress was pleasant, but that was about it. Prices were low, but so was the quality of the food. Place is outdated and needs some help.
4	Went there on a Sunday, someone recommended that you arrive earlier, they are correct. This place pretty good. I ordered the chicken fried steak burrito (think it's called the Hanger Burrito). The other people in my party got pancakes and a Belgian waffle, they really liked it.  Good prices, I will try it again. Will get another dish. The chicken fried steak, would have been good by itself, but not the best idea in a burrito.  Be aware, the patio is noisy because of the planes.
4	Good size food but the location is what makes it great.  My daughter loves coming to watch the planes take off and land. We'll be back just for the location!
1	I wouldn't put any stars if I could. First time being at this place and my husband and i got kicked out. A gentleman asked how many were in our party, we told him four and he sat us down. A lady came over and asked if our party was there. My husband told her they would be there shortly. She then told us that they couldn't seat us until the rest of our party was there. So she told us to leave. We will never go back to this place.
4	What a great little quaint place. I met a friend there today for a cup of coffee. Waitresses never let your cup sit empty :)
5	i have been searching for over a year now (moving from northern CA) for somewhere that serves this kind of food for this price.  AZ in full to the rim with crap places and places that are good but charge an arm and your mothers leg for anything.  not the hangar.  the hangar puts a reuben in your face without raping your wallet.  i have not been so happy to eat in so long, i almost wept.  it is my new and ONLY go to place for breakfast and lunch.  see you there.***my first meal rundown***reuben with fries, and an iced tea.reuben was amazing.  the bread was toasted perfectly, the meat was tender and perfect, the sauerkraut wasnt overwhelming.  my mouth is watering at the memory as i write this.the fires COULD have been a little more done, but they were still good, and not one survived my attack.if i had to not like anything, i didnt particularly care for the iced tea.  it was a little on the "was there tea in this water?" side, but still refreshing.
5	Great food and services.  Every time we visit Az we go there.  Yummy!
5	My favorite place for breakfast. Busy on weekends, so expect to wait. But if you love a great 'old school' breakfast, this is the place. I almost don't want to post this review, because it's already super busy on the weekends!
5	Great food! I ordered a Mexican omelette and my boyfriend ordered the Hangar Works. I definitely recommend either of those choices. Order the hash browns extra crispy. Yum! I also love that you can watch the little planes take off. My boyfriend is into flying and planes so it's definitely a place we both enjoy :)
4	What's cooler than eating a delicious breakfast right on the tarmac while watching the planes take off and land? Service here was excellent and food moderately priced. A totaly unique experience I've never seen anywhere else. Can't wait to take my son here when he is older.
5	Tried it last week. Went with a friend who flies in chandler. Tried the fried steak and will get it again. Good service and really Fun place with a view on the runway for those of us plane lovers!
5	GARLIC MAYOAdd it to your sandwich. Was completely surprised when a client requested we ate here. It was very good and felt like a home town cafe. I really enjoyed the fries as well.
4	Great food at a great price! Funny to take my kids to so they can see the planes take off and land. It's great because my family can fly into this airport to see us for quick visits. Food is always Hot! Sometimes it's really busy. Just have to be patient.
4	Great service from the staff and very generous and affordable meals. I had the Belgian waffle and it was amazing!! Very fun to take your kids and look at the planes as well! Definitely will go back!
4	Visited 11/3/13.I have seen this restaurant show up on Yelp prior but never had the chance to go.  Looking for breakfast place and we were in the area. This is a nice "Cafe style" restaurant.  Located just off the runway and parking area for the planes at Chandler Airport. The menu is very much a Cafe type of menu with nice comfort food.  Breakfast and Brunch is the way it appears on Yelp. This is a keeper. Nice hole in the wall.  They were very busy but we only had to wait about 15 minutes.  Maybe the only complaint is that there is no shaded areas for waiting. Lucky it was Fall and not summer. But if we had come 45 minutes later, about 12:30, probably would not have had to wait at all.We both had breakfast burritos.  I had the Airport Burrito. Loaded with pieces of chicken fried steak, hash browns and egg. Covered with a good sausage gravy. (Maybe one of the better sausage gravy's I have had in while.) Girlfriend ordered the Hanger Burrito which had beef, beans and egg. Covered with a Green Chili sauce which was also very good. Service was quick.  Food was good. Review of menu also shows some nice sandwich selections. This will be a regular at this point if we can remember it is there when we are in the area.
5	I had breakfast here this morning for a business meeting and really enjoyed the entire experience. The food was great, the staff was wonderful and it was super cool to eat outside while watching the airplanes come and go!  I will definitely be coming back with my kidos.
4	Airplanes AND a delicious breakfast?! Yes, please.I came here for breakfast one saturday morning with my dad and as he drove up I wasn't sure he knew where he was actually going (which happens often). But as we headed down a one way street, around a corner, and smack in the middle of Chandler Airport there was the Hanger Cafe. Kids and adults alike will love this place.   You get to watch the airplanes taxi, take off, and land all while enjoying a homemade cafe style meal. Five minutes in my dad and I were already deep into our airplane talk! While deciding on what to order my pops and I both decided to have some coffee. The coffee was good. Nothing crazy but let me tell you, the servers put a new meaning on the phrase "bottomless cup"! I'm not sure if our cups were ever less than half full (or half empty I guess, depending on how your day is going). Ok, I ordered the Green Chili Breakfast Burrito and as it was brought out my server told me I made a great choice and that it was her favorite. I dont know why but this always makes me feel good inside. Like my own little pat on the back from someone in the know. Well, she wasn't wrong. The burrito is loaded with scrambled eggs, amazing beans and a few green chillies. But the best part was the green chili sauce that is smothered over the top. I gobbled that thing up so fast I barely had time to ask my dad how his ginormous pancakes, eggs and sausage were. He said they were great and they looked it too. I'm taking 10-12 inchers! All in all, the food was great, service was perfect and luckily we arrived early enough that there wasn't a wait. Come with or without the kids. Breakfast or lunch.
3	3.5 for experience. It's a great diner and atmosphere is fitting. Overall good grease spoon but don't expect anything special/different from a quality of good perspective.
5	Reminds me of a small town cafe, loved it and will go back! The food was great, the service was great, and being able to watch the airfield was the topper. I only live a few miles from here and never knew about this place. Can't wait to go back!
4	Great atmosphere! My kids loved watching the planes take off and land, and the other patrons were all very friendly...felt like a small town cafe with a bunch of regulars who come in every day. The diner style food was good, and I would recommend the hash browns. The staff was also very friendly and worked with us to accommodate our kids' food allergies. We will definitely go back.
3	Good not great.Ordered chicken salad sandwich.  The chicken kind of had the texture of tuna fish.  Good news it didn't taste that way but I did find the texture odd.  Also could have sworn the menu said it had walnuts.  I didn't see any walnuts.Also ordered a patty melt.  It was good, but again the texture of the meat kind of reminded me of meat loaf (like there was some type of filler added to the meat).Fries were average.Overall...average.
5	What a find!  Great little place to enjoy a delicious breakfast and watch vintage planes (classic model planes hang from the ceiling) at the Chandler Muni Airport.  The servers are friendly and efficient.  Regulars are greeted by name.  I'll certainly be back for more of these perfect, blueberry pancakes.....
4	Food was amazing especially the breakfast burrito. The novelty of eating at the airport was a nice family experience. The place was really crowded and we didn't get much attention from the waitress. It was nice, however, that there were so many people that no one noticed our loud two year old.
4	Wowzers.  This place is really good.  I had the Airport Burrito (you can see pics of this monster on this page if you look for it... its the one smothered in gravy)... it comes with hashbrowns inside of it, which I love, but something else I also love is when they are cooked perfectly.  And they were!  Just the right amount of crispiness, and oh so golden brown.  Holy mother, it was filling too!  I also had a cup of coffee, and in the 30 minutes I was there, I was asked if I needed more coffee at least 6 times.  I'm not joking about that.  I was also checked on a few other times, as in, "do you need anything else?".  Excellent service, and good food!  The only thing I took a star off for was that it was LOUD in the restaurant.  I suppose it doesn't help that I came in at 8 o'clock on a Saturday (??? Being from Portland, OR, I was SHOCKED at how many people were awake and having breakfast here... and nobody was wearing sunglasses!).  I would definitely go back another time if I knew when it was not so busy, but hey, that's what keeps restaurants open, right?
4	Very cool unique little restaurant.  Great place to take kids, especially boys. :) they may have a tough time finishing their meal though.  Mine were very distracted by the planes.
1	We came in on a Sunday morning and expected a wait, especially for a party of 9.  But after waiting 45 minutes, I checked our status and host told me there are only 2 tables that could fit us and they were just sitting down.  I told him to separate us to 6/3 or 5/4 and he nodded.  After 2 hours of waiting, we finally sit down with no menus and no water.  Waited another 10 minutes before a waitress came by.  We ordered and 1/2 our party had to run and asked for their food to go, only to find it our order hasn't even been started yet.  They cancel and leave.  The rest of us get our food and it was a huge disappointment.  I had steak and eggs, both were over cooked and dry.  Steak was such bad quality.  Fruit was old.  Everyone's meals were not spectacular and not worth the wait at all.  We wasted nearly 3 hours of our lives on this meal.  UGH.
4	Stopped by the other weekend for breakfast to give it another try. Was a bit of a wait, but the food and service was well worth it.
4	Great little spot-took out if town guests here for breakfast and they loved it!  Breakfast menu was big and had plenty to choose from.  Airplanes kept the little ones entertained too,which is always great!
2	I know, I know, being a bit harsh if you like them. Unfortunately for me,  I am not crazy into airplanes like some people forgive me.  I was hoping their food would outshine the environment all together.  It is also unfortunate for them that both my boyfriend and myself cook and normally make our food 110% amazing every time (not to brag) when we put our all into it.  With that being said,  We are Huge foodie critics  and don't try to be hard on others it just happens when you cook and bake as much as us.  Sorry, our apologies.  We waited for at least a solid 30-60 minutes for a table standing in the wind, listening to annoying teenagers scream and be stupid like they always are( just being honest), having obnoxious children bump into you and scream and cry all over and not being watched by their parents, oh and my absolute favorite the people who have no sense of personal space.  If you have not caught onto my sarcasm I feel extremely sorry for you.  :)As we finally got called to our table I chose oh so wrong on place to sit, I wish I would have been thinking more clearly that sitting with my back to the entry was the worst decision I had made for the beginning of my day.  Why? because I had a grandma and her two grandchildren bump into me as I attempted to drink my water in peace, so I had to constantly lean in towards my boyfriend looking at me all strange because he knows how much I Love people i don't know bumping me and getting that close.  We order our food and comes out maybe in 15-20 minutes,  My boyfriend ordered a burrito with hash browns on the side with some amazing salsa(the only thing that tasted absolutely amazing to me)  that had a hair in the hash browns and right under the salsa cup. LOVELY! -(only caps word ill use since I am getting heavily annoyed with reviewers typing LIKE this within EVERY other WORD)My chicken fried steak was nothing amazing to me only because I have a horrid habit of making it almost every weekend. Like I said Horrid habit!  Then the over easy eggs is another mistake I made because I always forget how I make my version of over easy is not the same as restaurant over easy which means extra runny egg whites and yolks. I love the yolks part but cant get over how runny egg whites tend to be every time I make that silly mistake.Oh well, Another breakfast place checked off my list and on to the next one!**FREEDOM OF SPEECH Is the 1st amendment. Please look it up. I have the right to my opinion just like everyone else. Don't harass me just because I wasn't blown away people. Geezus.
5	My family loves Hangar Cafe. I went for the first time on Saturday and it was delicious! We went for breakfast and I had the biscuits and gravy. Mmmm!
2	Lived in Chandler for about a year and enjoyed going here  until the last time. No familiar faces and food just not up to prior visits. Service was a little off too. Thought maybe it was just us, but our son and his girlfriend said the same thing, something seemed off about their visit too and they didn't think they would go back. Too bad, was a great place until the beginning of June.
5	Lively vibe here with many locals. Outside shaded seating too. Staff attentive, quick and friendly.Menu vast and has a Mexican flair with old school diner. Chicken fried steak breakfast burrito? I think so! Food was phenomenal, well seasoned and definitely fresh. A go to again for sure!
3	Awesome concept! I have two boys ages 4 and 2 and they love coming here and watching the airplanes. However the service is terrible. There was a wait which wasn't very long but when they called our name they pointed to our table without a word. It took 5 minutes for someone to bring our menus. When she did she just sat them on the table without any introduction and asked for a drink order. After bringing our drinks our server took our order, never once smiled, and didn't come back outside until bringing our food fifteen minutes later. Food is good here but service definitely takes away from the experience.
4	great food and great service!
5	Outstanding breakfast, although a little difficult to find with a GPS. Had the Heuvos Rancheros and it was fantastic. Kickass green chile sauce, delicious refried beans and LIGHT yet crispy hash browns. Great coffee, too which they refill without having to be asked. Very attentive wait staff that doesn't rush you at all. Now I consider a mountain view and lots of little airplanes taking off and landing a very cool environment to enjoy a meal. If the sound of small aircraft bothers you (as it did one reviewer here) then you shouldn't be at this restaurant inside the Chandler Municipal airport in the first place. I loved it and will definitely be back!
1	If the second meal was my first meal I would not have gone back for a second meal.  The hamburger did not taste fresh.
5	Always have a great time at Hangar Cafe! My kids love it and the food is yummy. Love the local vibe feeling you get in this small cozy breakfast and lunch spot!
4	Great chicken fried steak, spinach fettuccini cheese omelette
4	Great Homestyle food in this not so well kept secret in Chandler.  The place is really impossible to just drive by and stop in for breakfast. But it's worth seeking out. The food was great, inexpensive and plentiful. Nice menu, and friendly staff. I'm glad my friends suggested going here, otherwise I never would have found it. We had a little wait for our table due to the popularity on a Sunday, but it is well worth the 15 minutes for a table! Please try it out!
5	Love going here for breakfast. The staff is really nice and the food is excellent.We enjoyed seeing the planes and there is an upper deck where you get a better view. I recommend the outside seating if it is not too hot.
5	Everything you would expect from a greasy spoon cafe. Plus they have the added entertainment of being right beside the runway at Chandler Municipal Airport, so much fun for the kids. Pancakes, bacon, eggs, hash browns, burritos, sandwiches, wraps, etc, etc, all real good. Busy on the weekends.
4	This is a great, good ol diner.  Nothing fancy here, just a great dive diner atmosphere, great home made food, and friendly people.  This is the kind of place your always searching for, but is hard to find anymore.
3	Stopped by on a Sunday just before noon, only to be informed that we had missed brunch (after being forced to wait for a table), and there was no compromise. Funny, I thought brunch was the marriage of breakfast and lunch not only in menu choices, but also in timing...or is that just me?Nonetheless, lunch might have been okay, except the choices were uninspired and poorly presented. I had chili (canned Hormel), and a chicken Philly (desert dry). My husband opted for a chicken club, which was served on a croissant, but the bottom half of the bread was missing - what a mess! And my son, who usually has a very healthy appetite, left 2/3 of his steak Philly uneaten. He said it was "just okay". This was all in stark contrast to our first experience here during which the food and the service were "top flight".Because of that good first impression, we'll definitely try the Hangar Cafe again, and the next time we'll be sure to get there earlier.
4	Definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots.   It's sits right on the run way where you can watch airplanes land and take off from the patio.  They are adjacent to an open hanger where you can walk through with your kids and see some of the planes up close.  My two girls love coming here.This place is small so it does get very busy very quickly, but don't let the wait deter you, it is worth it.  The service has always been excellent for me and the breakfast is always delicious.  Nothing fancy just simple breakfast done right; what more can you ask for. Recommend to everyone!!
5	Awesome breakfast!  Hubby loved seeing the airplanes come  and go!  Jeanette provided us with fabulous service and with a smile.  Our coffee cups were never empty!  Great Sunday morning late breakfast spot!
5	Breakfast as good as it gets. Been coming here for 10 years and never been disappointed. Lunch while not looking as good as breakfast is surprising good just not as good as breakfast. Give it a try , great service plus watch a plane or two take off and land. Much better than the big breakfast chains.
4	Had breakfast here today. Bacon and over easy eggs were excellent.  Hubby loved his omelet and son loved the pancackes. We got there at 8:00 and got right in, but it did get busy after that. Very neat watching all the airplanes. Will definitely be back.
4	Great place, right at the Chandler Municipal Airport. Total diner style food although I do wish they served breakfast the whole time they are open.
4	Came here on a whim since I was looking for a cool place to eat as a visitor from out of state. Hangar cafe was the perfect and adorable fit! We sat on the enclosed patio just a few feet from a line of pond jumpers. The food is expected diner faire and is prepared well and timely. The decor doesn't disappoint either with their charming vintage vibe. My sister who lives in town had never been there either and we were both delighted to have checked out this charming gem. A little hard to find since it's literally on the Tarmac, but for sure worth the effort. The service is also really amazing and the all around friendly home town vibe warmed our heart as much as the food warmed our tummy. My only regret is that I can't hop in that plane next to me and fly home ;D
4	My friend Amanda introduced me to this spot 10 years ago when it was a total local spot where the old timers and a small community of people in the know, knew about.  Well the word has gotten out over years.  It's a solid breakfast option for SoCha.  The spot is a total greasy spoon with standard breakfast affair.  Chorizo or Denver omelet are both filling and solid choices.  Looking for something to satisfy your sweet tooth?  The pancakes and French toast will do the trick.  Four thumbs up from my two girls.  Hash browns are always solid with a nice crust from the flat top.  Gourmet? No.  Just classic breakfast affair done fairly well at a reasonable price.  I did mention greasy spoon, right?  They are a big fan of butter, lots of butter.  FYI, they have recently raised their prices.  Most items are now closer to $8 to $9 versus $5 to $7 price point in the past.  Kids menu still $5.  If you are going there on the weekends, go early, because they place fills up quickly.  In my opinion, it's a gem in Chandler.  Where else can you walk pass airplane hangers and watch planes take off and land?  If Yelp would allow  1/2 stars, this would qualify for 3.5 stars, not quite 4.0.
2	Normally a great spot for breakfast, today's experience has moved the Hangar Cafe a few notches down on our list.  The place was busy when we arrived - we waited for about 15 minutes for a 2-top.  We were quickly greeted and asked if we wanted coffee.  We said yes, and then waited ...  Finally another waitress came over and asked if we'd been helped, we said "yes", but were waiting for coffee.  The 2nd waitress produced coffee in a timely manner.  The second waitress took our order, then we waited.  After waiting about 15-20 minutes (the cafe was busy), we noticed our order had been placed on the serving counter by the cook.  The first waitress finally served the food, which by this time was less than hot, but looked ok except for the burned hashbrowns (normally they are quite beautiful).  At that time I requested a little more gravy for my hashbrowns.  The gravy never arrived, and  I think the manager brought us our bill.  After leaving, my wife said she found some frozen hashbrowns in her serving of the blackened potatoes.  They were busy, but in an effort to quickly produce a product, the quality suffered.  We'll try the place one more time, but if not up to par, then we'll, reluctantly, move on.
5	My boyfriend and I went here a few months ago and I loved it. It was my first time and I was a little confused on where the heck we were going at first but it wasn't too hard to find. I think it was a Saturday morning so it was pretty crowded when we got at there and no open tables so we went ahead and sat at the bar because I'm not one to care where I sit. Really great service, cute atmosphere, and awesome food! After eating my boyfriend took me around the corner of the building and there were a few airplanes to look at. Very neat. I really enjoyed this place. Definitely will come back.
