4	I hit this place for lunch, a LOT. I can't keep my boy co-workers away from it. They're lured in by the greasy double cheeseburgers with mesquite bbq sauce and bacon and blue cheese, and captivated by the onion rings and french fries. I am too... I should probably save some calories and JUST order french fries and onion rings when I go. Good greasy food and - my co-workers couldn't help but notice - waitresses are very easy on the eyes :)
4	The food is great. Have the honey golden wings, medium. You won't be sorry. Best wings ever. I've since moved to CA and miss Zipps wings the most.I can't eat wings from anywhere else. I won't eat wings from anywhere else.One more thing. At the time of this writing half the review s(2 of 4) are from people who don't live in AZ. That's how good the wings are.Order the HONEY GOLDEN WINGS, medium hot. They're the best.
1	My experience at this restaurant was probably one of the worst I've ever had. My friends and I went there for a Suns game and were seated at a booth near the door. As we were sitting there, a girl who was waiting for a table, looked above our table and saw a cockroach crawling right over our table. Now granted, I have a phobia of bugs, and especially roaches, but this seems to me, like a pretty big deal. After the initial scare, I informed our waitress of this and she freaked out for a second, and ran off to tell someone. She didnt return for another 5 minutes, though it was only to bring drinks. I then told the host near the door and he exclaimed that it was horrible and he walked away(apparently to get someone?). After another 10 minutes still nothing happened so I found the guy again and told him nothing has been done yet. By this time, the others at my table had gotten their food. He told me that since it was so high on the ceiling there was no way for him to get to it. Now, I'm no engineer, or trained exterminator, but I had about 2-3 different ideas on how to get to the roach. I didnt realize he was stumped. I felt like I should make a bigger deal about it, but instead I left. I don't feel like anyone should be forced to eat in those conditions, without at least an attempt to rectify it. I mean, I dont have any delusions about spic and span restaurants. I know restaurants are dirty, but to have a roach hanging over our table is unacceptable. And the only reason the management would do nothing is because it would have made a scene. I guarantee you if everyone else in the restaurant had seen it or was experiencing it, SOMETHING would have been done. For us to have to endure it because no else was being affected is basically saying we dont matter enough for them to do anything. How was the food you ask? I didnt even see it since I was focusing on the large roach hanging over my table.
4	While I went to ASU, I worked at the Melting Pot in this complex and would visit Zipps almost nightly after work. The staff at the time was awesome - however, with as much as we went in there, and being in the industry, they rarely helped you out on your tab. If you're not in the industry, you wouldn't understand, but for anyone that works in the biz, you know that most bartenders will slide you a few (especially if you and around 5-10 people come in nightly). Anyway, not the staffs fault, just a REALLY overwhelming ownership from what I am told. But I still enjoyed it because the food is really good for a bar. The wings (golden) are really, really good. They do a wing night, or used to, when they were like half off. The monico foccacia is really good, too. A great place to watch a game, shoot some pool and have a bite to eat. And you won't feel dirty after being there all day.
3	Went here for football on Sunday. It wasn't too crowded and the food was pretty good. Had some wings, chicken nachos and a burger. We asked for extra chips and they brought us out a big bowl of them. Beer came in buckets of 5, so we always had some cold ones in reach. They had all the games on and service was pretty good. Like all other Zipps in the area, they have shuffleboard, pool and darts. They also have a Galaga/Mrs. Pacman machine, so you can make halftime go by pretty quick. When we first got there, there was kind of a funky smell, not sure if it went away, or I just got used to it. Also, their draft beer selection needs some work. Alaskan Amber was the only true micro in tap.
4	Best wings on the planet!  Get the Golden Medium wings, extra crispy.  If you think you can handle spicy food, go for the Golden Hot.  They are pretty hot though.UPDATE:I originally posted this as 5 stars because the wings are so incredible.  If I take into account the whole package, I have to knock it down a star.  Like others have commented, the managers are total DB's.  I've been going here for years so I know it's not an isolated incident or anything like that.  But if you complain in any way, they will send a meat head manager to your table who will honestly argue with you and imply you are wrong or you made a mistake.  This has happened to me more than a few times (I go here a LOT).  So the managers are idiots, but the waitresses are all very cool.  When it happens it makes me mad, but it is a rare event.  And the wings are so damn good I overlook it.
4	I've always been a fan of Zipp's. For what it is/does, the food/drinks is great.I find it hard to move myself off my regular order of the chicken focaccia. Just can't get enough of the garlic mayo.. I've actually been a fan of this since I found it at Goldie's, pre-Zipps way back in 1994/1995? Same folks...Also love the cookie skillet. Good beer on tap. As far as a pub/sportsbar, just works for me.The reason I'm commenting today is that I had a different preparation of mozzarella sticks than I have ever had. Instead of the typical batter on the outside, the mozzarella was wrapped with what I think was an egg roll skin. Looked kind of strange but for a mozzarella stick, it was awesome. Of course it's just a mozzarella stick & if you think it's going to be something transcendental, you're going to be let down. It's a good sports bar mozzarella stick though.Just had to mention...
3	LOVED the "hot" wings.  I rarely find one that is truly "hot" but today I met my match.  Good thing I didn't go for the "extra hot".  This comes from a girl who always carries hot sauce in her purse.  ;-)Good food.  Love that you can get half fries and half onion rings.  Typical sports bar.  Good drinks although they didn't have any of my faves on tap.  Nope, no Guinness on tap.  Overall a great place to watch "the game" and enjoy some good bar food.
3	Went to Zipps for a quick beer with friends after golfing at McCormick Ranch. It was happy hour and fairly busy.  There was plenty of help, and the service was excellent.  Food was typical sports bar food, but the happy hour prices were great, and everyone was was able to find something they liked on the menu. I will certainly go back to watch a game or for a quick beer.
3	Food and drinks are ok there. Nothing too fancy or anything like that. Good place to go for lunch or happy hour.
5	I live across the street, and work in the same complex. I eat here weekly, at least once. Literally ALL their burgers are amazing. The Sweet Jalapeno is my favorite. You can get their KILLER onion rings, to die for french friends, or 1/2 and 1/2! Their Greenbay chili is really good. And their WINGS. The Honey Hot is my favorite. They have truly awesome Bleu Cheese Dressing (Even if you don't LIKE IT, Try it, You'll love it!). I usually get the Honey Balsamic salad for lunch, with candied walnuts, fresh goat cheese, cranberries, and a dressing that is out of this world yummy!The beer on tap selection is pretty small, but it's got some good ones. And they have damn good bloody mary's! The bartenders and servers are always peaches!
4	Great sports bar. Good beer, decent food fast service. You can get Steins of beer! :) Only thing I wish the had a bigger selection of dark beers, as they only have one :( - Over all though nice place to get some grub and watch some ESPN.
3	This is kind of the 'go-to' spot at work when I have lunch with the guys. Went there for lunch yesterday and decided to try something other than the turkey club sandwich or BLT (which are my general faves on the menu) so I tried the Monaco Foccacia. Well, ok, so the meal was tasty enough, although, correct me if I'm wrong (yeah, it's happened once or twice) but my Monaco Foccacia was served in a flour tortilla. I'm not sure if the term focaccia has been altered to mean burrito, but it was not what I was expecting. However, I have no problem with tortillas so didn't make a fuss. The "sandwich?" was tasty (but I didn't like the sweet jalapeno dipping sauce that came along with it...ick!) and I had the 1/2 and 1/2 fry/onion rings along with it. I was doing well until I bit into a particularly greasy fry and that pretty much ended it for me. I'm not a fry snob, in fact, it's a rare occasion when I have the urge for a fried potato sliver, but once I get a mouthful of grease, it's game over. Up until that point, I enjoyed the meal and I'm sure we'll be back, but next time I know that if I order a sandwich, I may need to remind them that I mean a sandwich on bread...My friend order the fried chicken salad and said he really enjoyed it.In the past I have had their wings and they are REALLLLLLLY yummy.
4	I don't know why, but this seemed to be the only restaurant open in all of Scottsdale when I was there.  Fortunately, it's a good one.  Fun, noisy atmosphere, and the best onion rings I've ever had.
3	Upscale Chilis.  Food is decent, though I was fooled when I ordered a wrap expecting a tortilla wrap and instead got flat bread.  It was still very good, but I wonder what else isn't mentioned on the menu.  Great fries, great service, love the booths.
2	I really wanted to like this place....a friend of mine recommended it.  I wanted to grab a quick bite and watch the Lakers game....so I headed here.  The good news.....the Lakers game was on & the service was pretty good.....the bad news....the food was awful.I ordered:Slice of Cheese Pizza - $1.95Nacos - $6.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K-vBVV_RZX-BeyqOBWjsDg?select=2xK8WXBCBc62Yn81yFgmvwThe first thing I went after was the Nachos....I knew it wasn't going to be good when I pulled the first Chip and the Cheese slipped off because it was already somewhat cold and coagulated....then I bit into it....yep, it was cold, blech!  I tried to eat it, but could only muster a few bites.  So, I went to the Pizza....As most of my Yelp friends know, I love Pizza....so I couldn't wait to give it a try.  I took a bite and was thoroughly disappointed.  It was bland and had that dreaded "cardboard" texture to it....damn!  Strike 2!I paid my bill and left disappointed.Return Factor - 30%......I might come back to shoot some pool and have drinks with friends.  For the food....probably not.
3	Zipps is weak.  It's really nice inside...but very loud (it is a sports bar).  My parents wanted some peace and quiet so we relocated out on to the patio.  Don't sit out here if you have an aversion to cigarette smoke.  In Arizona, people are still allowed to smoke on patios.  I left Zipps with the feeling that days had been taken off my life just from the exposure to second-hand smoke.  I was expecting a lot more, but Zipps was a weak experience...but...it is a sports bar--a very loud one at that.  Food was fresh but it's nothing great.   We had two waitresses..one was in training, so we cut her a little slack for the delay.  I had the BBQ-ranch chopped chicken salad.  Chicken was fresh off the grill and the lettuce was cool and crunchy, but it was so....elementary.  Then again...what can I expect from this type of restaurant?  My parents loved their meal.  But how can you mess up a turkey sandwich, chicken noodle soup and a Greek salad?  I was eager to get home after the meal...after waiting 15 minutes for the bill I was extremely frustrated. Oh, if you ever feel the urge to go out and get drunk at all Goldie's and Zipp's locations, there is a shuttle available to fulfill your desire.  I pray the people who do this take a cab home at the end of the night.
4	A standby for lunch, a co-worker often referred to visiting Zipps as "getting your oil changed."  This is not the place you come to for healthy food, but they have a great bacon cheeseburger and their wings are quite good.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	If your looking for a 5 star restaurant that requires you to have your panties in a wad upon arrival ...this isn't for you. However if you are looking to be a very bad Kitty and get your hands on some wings,  burgers,  beer, and catch a game?? look no further. Just plant your ass right infront of any one of their huge TVs.  They are close enough to leave you crosseyed. The burgers are good, wings awesome and beer?? 32 oz draft 4 bucks on happy hour. I believe that's one step below a personal intravenous draft. Love it! Great happy hour specials, busy crowd and great service.  This was only my second time but I was pretty impressed...although they had me sold at happy hour so check it out for yourself!
5	Zipps is my husband and my favorite restaurant.  We LOVE the food.  Love is almost an understatement.  Their sweet jalapeno sauce is to die for.....The service is for the most part pretty good....but the food makes up for it if the servers are busier than normal.  The only bad thing is if it's too crowded inside, you have to sit on the patio with all of the smokers which is gross especially when trying to eat, but they have to cater to everyone.  All in all, get the jalapeno burger or the monacco foccacia.  DELICIOUS!
4	It's your typical sports bar. Good service and prices. Pretty decent happy hour. Zipparitas (Zipps margaritas) are the best, and for only $3 (on happy hour)??!! Can't beat it. Cheese quasadilla and mozzarella sticks are pretty good. Careful though, this center is ridiculous.. The buildings blend in with the landscape and if you don't go in a certain entrance you can drive around for awhile trying to find it.
1	I was kicked out of Zipps last Saturday because I did not want my hamburger split, and I was talking to other customers. Really. Here's an entire article about it that I wrote in my email newsletter.http://goo.gl/Zs23P
4	Our go-to neighborhood bar. This Zipp's far outweighs the Camelback location, in  my opinion. Maybe it's the more "in-tune" servers or just the overall better quality of food - but we always choose this one to quench our wing and beer cravings! Their medium buffalo wings are the best in the valley that I've personally had and their happy hour drink specials cannot be beat. It's hard to find a really good happy hour  but these guys do it right. If you want a good premium pint, a dozen medium wings and good service overall - Zipps' on Via De Ventura is the spot you should choose!
4	For North Scottsdale this is about as good as it gets for a sports bar.  Lots of tv's although they could be updated to high definition. Food is pretty typical sports bar food. Decent wings, overcooked burgers. Your typical sports bar beer selection could be easily improved with a few more microbrews.
2	Been here twice now, and while it's in a good location for us, there's nothing special about this place. In fact, there's nothing really "good" about this place. The burgers and fries were super greasey, service was close to horrible, and the prices were on the high side for food and drinks. In addition to this, I know people that work at the Chase Bank in the same center, and they tell me cops love to pull over exiting patrons and many arrests have been made for DUI. (And might I add, it's never a good idea to drink and drive, and especially when you NOW know it's a place that's a target for DUI). Next time an untelevised game is on that I've got to see, I'll head elsewhere.
4	Had some time to kill between the Chandler BBQ & Beer Festival and the Dbacks night game at Salt River Fields when I remembered the Zipp's Bus!  The bus makes multiple trips between Zipp's and Salt River fields for all Spring Training games before and after so you can avoid parking fees and sitting in traffic on the way out of the game. Sure you spend your parking fee and then some on booze and food, but we still had a good time.  The food was decent, we ordered some chicken nachos and later on their chicken "skewers", which we basically chicken strips on a stick.  Our server was attentive as our beers stayed cold and some pregame shots were consumed.  If I lived closer by this would be a regular spot for me for sure.
5	So, I am giving this Zipps 5 stars, because have become regulars here and even though we now live 20 minutes away, we still try to make it over here as often as possible.  Joey, the manager, is awesome and always says "Hi".  We know several servers and the bartenders.  Everyone has been super nice and friendly.  The food is always amazing, especially the golden-menium wings, cookie skillet and of course the monaco foccacia.  They have a pool table, 2 dartboards, and 2 golden tee games (my husband is a fan).  During NFL season, they open an hour earlier and serve breakfast.  My husband and I had our first date here and this is also where we had our rehearsal dinner.  It is amazing.
1	GUYS, THE FRIES....what are you going to do about the soggy fries?  Customers are looking for hot, crispy fries and you continue to fail in that delivery.  It really takes away from the excellent burgers you serve up.
4	Went there for happy hour after work with my friend.  I had read reviews on here about the food and went with the honey balsamic salad with chicken.  OMG, it was AMAZING.  Their chicken is so flavorful and the honey balsamic dressing is delish!  My friend had one of their $3 Zipparitas and said it was really good, but strong.  The place was packed and noisy, and my one star off is because the table we were sitting at put our faces right next to the feet of people sitting on the level above us - kinda yucky.  But it was the only table available due to the wind storm outside.   Despite the crowd, service was really good and the food came out pretty fast.  i was impressed.I will absolutely return there to pick up lunch during the workday.
4	After a couple rouds of Golf at McCormick Ranch,, we were hungry for some wings and did a google search for nearby wings n beer type places,, Zipps popped in as one of the closer locations, but the bad experience at Zipps in Chandler had me second guessing on this place, but decided to give it a shot.. Ordered beer, nice n cold... Food, tried the medium wings,, n I will honestly admit, these are some of the best wings i have had in a long time.. Will definitly be back !!so good, "I might even give the chandler location one more shot..."
5	Been coming here for 15 years.Pro's- good food all around.  Haven't had anything that wasn't good.- portions good- price good- like the shuffleboard- lots of TV's- staff good (do miss some of the old timers)Con's- not enough seating for larger groups (go to Goldies for that)Perfect place.....  Will be back...
4	I'm ashamed to admit that this was my first time in a Zipps...especially given it's close proximity to my house. Now that I've been, I know with absolute certainty that it won't be long before I go back.Our visit took place on a Saturday night, with some pretty big time college games on the docket. Somehow, we managed to get front row parking. Though, if we weren't able to land such primo parking, I'm not sure how far we would have had to venture before we found a spot. The lot immediately in front of the restaurant is VERY small...probably no more than 25 cars small. Not knowing exactly what to expect when we walked in, we were greeted with an absolute explosion of sound. It's strange...from the outside, you couldn't tell how loud the sound system would be...so, kudos the the sound dampening AND the acoustics. As we were seated, I took a look around. We passed a shuffleboard table http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zipps-sports-grill-scottsdale-5?select=u-m26ObDOkWXRkWMRi13hA#31oNdkKqDaB1eXMcdAfQIA, directly across from a full bar. In the back, there are banks of booths for seating, all surrounding a nice-sized billiards table. At the end of the bar, there was the token "feed me money while you drink" bar games machine. I haven't played this one, though I have played MANY like it in the past. I'm sure this one will soon taste the fury of my quarters and drunk fingers. Directly behind the video games, they also have an electronic dart board to round out the gamut of pub games http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zipps-sports-grill-scottsdale-5?select=u-m26ObDOkWXRkWMRi13hA#EU84a1qFhSVZo8INtRRiSg.We made it to our booth, where the five of us sat and met Katie, our server (we had the in-laws with us, in case anybody was keeping count). Katie was extremely enthusiastic about her job, making sure to remind us of her name every time she stopped by. I originally thought she was overdoing it, but she's one of very few servers whose name I actually remember. So, hats off to Katie.While we were ordering our meals, we had access to an absolute bevy of televisions from which to choose to watch the games. I had my back to the bar, and I could see four t.v.s from my seat alone. I'm pretty sure we counted at least a dozen t.v.s total.I made the pleasant gaffe of asking Katie what the largest size beer they had available. Come to find out, they have 32 oz glasses http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zipps-sports-grill-scottsdale-5?select=u-m26ObDOkWXRkWMRi13hA#AcbqTlhTjSLQs2AGnokY_Q. Two of them later, I was very glad I wasn't the designated driver...though, I wasn't too bad off to realize how good my meal was.I can only speak for myself on the meal portion. Looking over their menu, I noticed that they allow you to make your own burger. They also give you the option to choose from beef patties, turkey patties, or ever chicken patties! I asked about the thickness of the patties, as they offer either a single or double burger option. As it turns out, the patties are relatively thin. So, if you're hungry, spring for the double patty...it's only about a dollar more, still coming in at under $9.00 for the whole thing http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zipps-sports-grill-scottsdale-5?select=u-m26ObDOkWXRkWMRi13hA#vCWfGZqjbSHoDNbjAt1OIA.I had two of the behemoth beers, and my wife another. My in-laws each ordered some ridiculously large salads, along with two glasses of Chardonnay. My wife got a MASSIVE club sandwich (seriously...I have no idea where they baked this bread...it was ridiculous). My daughter, of course, got the grilled cheese. The check, after tip, came in under $90.00. Now that we know about this place, I can absolutely foresee us becoming regulars. Even though it's a restaurant, it has that hometown bar feel to it. An upscale dive bar...if that makes any sense. Whatever the case may be, I recommend it.
5	Place is amazing!  Even when busy I still get goo service!  Jus wish they had BBQ wings. HINT HINT ZIPPS!!
4	Great happy hour and other daily specials.  All the locations are pretty much the same.  The cookie pizza for desert is the best!
4	Me and friends come here often to enjoy happy hour or sometimes the night time specials (past 8pm). The food is always pretty good, nothing amazing but its a consistent quality that is right in line with the sports bar setting that it's in. Fun atmosphere with plenty of sports on (duh) and the ability to play darts, pool, or shuffleboard is great.The wings on special are a great deal, and the 'Golden style' is always a great choice. The 'Zipparitas' are surprisingly strong and delicious for a small little frozen margarita, but it makes it a good choice for a non-beer happy hour drink.However, the service can be hit or miss. I've had great service as well as quite poor service here. I understand it's ability to have a packed house can affect the promptness of service, but often enough it doesn't correlate and boils down to just a bad server (or at least a server having a bad night).
1	Worst service EVER!  We go to this Zipps weekly..not anymore.  On Saturday night we had a big group of people there.  Playing darts and just hanging out.  We had two drinks that were made terribly but the waitress and manager said we had to pay for them!  After that everyone was so rude and not accommodating and all we wanted was new drinks!!  We left and went to Grassroots which was SO much better!  I also called to tell a manager about our experience and he did nothing.  Never go here!
3	Typicall bar food.  The golden wing sauce is really good.
4	This Zipps seems more welcoming and open than the one in Old Town. The bar staff has always been much nicer and more attentive than other locations. The bar food came out fast and was acceptable.
2	This restaurant is located on the corner of Via de Ventura and Hayden, tucked away in a moderate sized strip mall. Zipps has a bunch of other locations throughout the Phoenix area, each of which with a pretty similar look and feel. The interior of the restaurant is your typical sports bar/restaurant. Televisions playing sports and a level of noise you'd come to expect from a bar. I've been to this restaurant 3 times and have had a very similar food experience each time. Two of the times were take-out and once was dine-in. I sat at a booth for the dine-in and let me say, it was less than comfortable. The wooden booth was slightly less comfortable than a park bench. The waitress had a bit of an attitude, but it seemed a little more directed to her work conditions than necesarily our table.Over the times I've been here, I've had the Buffalo Chicken salad, the Monoco Focaccia and the Greek Chicken Salad. Their dishes are much too salty and many of the things were soggy. The Buffalo Chicken was so soggy it wilted the lettuce. The Focaccia and fries that came with it were soggy as well.I'm sure Zipps would have been an entirely better experience had I been there with a bunch of friends, tipping back some drinks. In reality, I was there because I was hungry. Each time I've been disappointed by the food, so I would pass unless you're there to watch a sports game and tip back a few.
3	The good: bartenders, "ziparitas", certain food items.The average: most of the food (let's be honest though, what do you expect out of bar food?), the wait service, tap beer selection.The bad: management: god forbid you have one drink too many here, bar area can get crowded, just has an "up tight" feel at times.
4	Had a wonderful experience here recently on vacation in Scottsdale. Service was fast and attentive. Manager came by on more than one occasion just to make sure we were enjoying our time there; we were. Food was good, with solid Happy Hour options, including $1.50 (big) slices of pizza. My girlfriend had the Southwest salad, and couldn't have enjoyed it more. If we find ourselves out in AZ again in the future, it's likely we'll be making a return trip to Zipps.
5	I only need to say three things. Monaco foccacia, happy hour, and 32oz beers.
5	We went here after the terrible balloon Halloween festival (please read my review on that) and it was a pleasant surprise. Although we had 10 kids with us were a little weary of bringing them to a sports bar. It turned out to be great. There were others in there with kids and the bar is just loud enough so you can't hear bratty kids screaming and the food was just to their liking. I had a mushroom burger and a Greek salad that was very good and my hubby had wings which he said were second to none. My only gripe is that we had to wait a little longer but to be honest that should be expected on a Saturday night when you come in with 14 people. Overall I highly recommend this place!
5	My husband and I  love Zipps.  we go once a eeek for a beer and a salad or slice of pizza.  we slso love their nachos and salsa.  Service is always Great.Never disappointed
4	First time. Came to watch a game on big screen. Staff worked hard to accommodate us. Lots of screens had to show lots of games of different kinds. Our waitress was very good: attentive, helpful, kept track of our needs and the place was busy.   Happy hour wine was terrible but for $2.75 I didn't expect much. Later I discovered that if you pay for it you can get good wine. I had fish and chips  the fries were great and the fish ok. My wife got fish tacos which was really a fish wrap. It was ok but not memorable. The chips and salsa were not great. Friends had burgers which they enjoyed. onion  rings were good. We shared a couple of desserts which were good but by then I was full. In the last few weeks we have tried different places to watch college football. This was the best.
5	Great burger and salads. Wife and I love the food. I love the sports and the numerous tv's. One of my favorite spots.
5	Zipps out near Talking Stick never does me wrong. Service is key since this is a sports bar and I value the flexibility of the staff to please everyone in the restaurant with respect to which game they want to watch and on which television. In addition to quality wait staff, one thing I particularly like is that I can see the management out on the floor, which means they are very in tune with the pace of business. I see them often bringing out orders. I typically have the Jalapeno Burger off of the specialty burger menu which is a delicious juicy double stack with fresh Jalapenos on top. I also typically schedule a longer run next morning. If I'm in the area, I always aim for this Zipps and will continue to recommend it for all those in the Talking Stick area!
4	Busy day so stopped in on weekday for a quick bite.  First time.  About half full.  Noisy, but hey, it's a sports bar!  Fish n chips (had salad instead of chips) B+Fried chicken salad. b+++Happy hour margarita type drink......yum.Heard their pizza is very good.We'll be back
2	Came here today with some colleagues for lunch. This was my first time at Zipps and I have to say I was not impressed by the 'decor' and overall feeling of the location, but hi it is a Sports Bar. We were quickly seated and our orders were taken. Drinks came out very quick. The two stars comes from my food - fish and chips: the fish was very soggy and the chips were not better. I ate almost nothing, the server - even though she seemed surprised with the amount of food left on my plate, just took it when I acknowledged that I was done. I tried to contact ZIPPS via on their website and a direct message but was unable to do so - it seems one can only call them.I have to add that My colleagues seemed happy with their food - not sure I will be joining my colleagues  if this location is chosen for lunch.
4	I love going to Zipps!  I've been to several in the Scottsdale area but this one is most convenient.  You know what you are going to get - good pizza, great chicken fingers, cold domestic draft beer, sports.  If you are going to do a sports bar, keep it simple, do it right and that's what you got here.  Oh, yeah - Zipp-aritas.
5	One of my top 10 hot wing and sports bar joints in the valley. Been here day, afternoon, and night. TVs are always running good sports. They had soccer too during the EURO 2012 finals- so that gives them an extra boost.Amazing wings, Spicy as he**, but so good. Great service. They don't cheap out on napkins, which is always important when you go through two napkins per juicy wing.Food comes out pretty fast and fries are good. Don't have artificial taste. Prices are right on and you can come out with a full meal and some booze for about 20 bucks a person.
5	Oh...my...gawd...the pepperoni pizza with goat cheese is amazzzzzing!!! Sit at the bar and come see Dayna!!! Best customer service ever!!! (And she's HOT too!)
2	Ordered a Focaccia sandwich.  They said it was "different".  Yes, it was different.  Nothing like focaccia bread.  More like a burrito or wrap.  Not good.  Sweet potato chips were bland.  Beer was cold.  Would try somewhere else next time.
4	A group of six of us went here for lunch today we all had the wings Gold style they were excellent price was affordable would recommend eating here at least for lunch. Menu is a basic bar menu wings burgers things like that
5	Great sports bar! Plenty of TVs, indoor/outdoor seating, full bar, fair selection of beers on tap and bottled. The atmosphere is what you might expect of a sports bar- loud. So don't come here if you want to enjoy conversation. But on the plus side, if you have loud children, this is one restaurant where it is no problem. Also, service is fast and friendly, so no waiting when the kids are reaching nuclear detonation. Food is good, no complaints. The skillet brownie is worth skipping dinner altogether.
2	Sub par. The service, the ambiance, the menu. The best part about Zipps is the - albeit limited - selection of draft beer! If you just need a casual hang-out spot for a happy hour, this place will do just fine.
3	Tried this place when killing some time before an appointment. Did a happy hour glass of wine and chips. Nice place with friendly staff.
1	Terrible customer service!!!  I had some drinks and appetizers, one of them being some wings.  When they brought out the wings they were the wrong flavor. I told the waitress that they were the wrong flavor and she kind of looked at me funny and told me that because they didn't have a toothpick in them they must be the right order and that I must be mistaken. When I told her I was positive they weren't the flavor I ordered she begrudgingly said she would go put in the order for the correct wings and she left the wrong wings on the table. Since it had been a while since we ordered and we were hungry and they left the wings on the table everyone at the table had another wing.  A couple minutes after the waitress left the assistant general manager came over and asked what was wrong with the wings. We told him they were the wrong flavor and he asked if we wanted a side of the correct flavor. We told him all we wanted were the wings we ordered. He said that he could do that but he would have to charge us for the wings with the incorrect sauce because we already ate some of them. We explained the situation and he told us that their policy was to have all managers come talk to customers when orders are incorrect, which was never explained to us.  The waitress didn't even tell us about the manager and had only said that she was going to ring in new wings. After a few minutes of arguing with the manager we asked for our bill (which they charged us for the wrong wings) and we left. The manager was condescending the entire time and even yelled stuff at us as we left. I used to love Zipps but I am never going back.
5	Best wings and fries ever! Nowhere else compares, when we want great wings Zipps is the only place that will do the trick! Writing this review makes me want to go there now!
4	I have always had good service and good to excellent food at any Zipps location.  BUT if you want a burger that is absolutely delicious and cooked just right this is the place!! My favorite burger is the green chili cheese burger which comes with 2 beef patties and is guaranteed to be so juicy that it will drip down the front of your shirt (happens to me all the time!!!!) And, if you are chicken wing "aficionado" you can go mild to smoking hot but also try their dry wings (my choice). The place can get a little noisy particularly in the evenings and some of their locations are worse than others. I don't think acoustics is big priority when they set up their restaurants so if you don't mind hearing all of the conversations that are going on at the same time or are half deaf (that what my wife says) then it won't bother you!!            So ....... in conclusion, at least 4-stars and if you want to dribble hamburger juice down the front of your shirt, this is the place!!!
4	Me likes the zipparitahhhh!  :). And the chips and guac were good too!  Great place to relax!
4	Aside of the fact that they're huge, the burgers here are really awesome.  I'm a big fan of the wings as well, and the happy hour menu can't be beat.  Beware of the Zipparitas: they may not start out as much, however they'll sneak up on you and that's why there's a three-limit.  Gotta love it!
3	Food was good but a little greasy! Had the BBQ chicken sandwich which was delicious. Fries are okay nothing special. The table across from ours had a cookie skillet that looked amazing. Lots of menu options and lots of good drink deals. Seems like a pretty good spot to get a casual meal and watch the game!
2	Wings are ok but overall I hate Zipps. Like a lot. All of food other than the wings suck. My friends nachos were just a giant clump of chips, cheese, and melted together to point that we needed a fork and knife to break apart the clump. I also I feel the beer should be cheaper.
2	Had the Swiss mushroom burger.  All of their 'specialty' burgers are double patties so the portion was good.  The cook's version of medium was unfortunately well-done, and I prefer rare, but understand that many places are uncomfortable cooking ground beef rare- hey they know where they get their supplies and sure don't.  They offer fries, sweet potato chips and onion rings which you can get as half and half, so we tried the chips and rings.  Excellent onion rings.  The chips were a little burned.  Eileen got a couple of pizza slices, but they are pretty big and she couldn't even finish one, so they went into a box.  The pizza was basic bar pizza fare, nothing special, but did come with shredded Parmesan on it.Jenna R was an attentive and friendly server- thanks Jenna!
4	A Zipps is a Zipps anywhere you go, but that's a good thing! Whenever I visit a Zipps, I know that I will get good sports bar food, a great environment to watch a game, a nice patio to enjoy the pretty weather with friends and a very delicious foccacia sandwich and fries! What more can you ask for? Their foccacias are amazing. The bread is the perfect size and is soft to the bite. They have several different flavors but my favorite is the Monacco foccacia. The french fries are cooked perfectly and just crispy enough. I also enjoy their wings and most people love either their wings or their foccacias. One thing that stands out about this location verses the others is that they have a Zipp bus which will transport people to and from Zipps to Salt River Fields for events and games. This is free! It's a great service because you can enjoy good food and a couple drinks and then get a free ride to the event.
4	Great neighborhood sports bar. Typical sports bar food, but top choices are definitely the black & blue burger, wings, and the BLT (more bacon on this than should be legal - best in town for sure).Tons of TVs and all sports all day. Great bar and great service. They treat you like an old friend.
4	Best wings in town, outstanding staff and management. On a recent visit, we had a small issue with our order. The manager quickly got involved and fixed everything. I wish I could remember his name. My family really enjoys Zipps, particularly this location. We drive a couple of extra miles to come to this location.
5	This is probably the best zipps that I have been into, some of the other locations should do exactly as the service does here.   Server was excellent manager came over and ensured our food and service was great.  Food was absolutely perfect with no issues at all and the bottomless iced tea really hit the spot.  This is in my opinion the best zipps in the valley.  Also they have plenty of parking and inside or outside seating for you.
4	Been here several times.  Ordered a salad for the first time and it was very good.  Zipps is great to watch the game, catch up with friends or just go play some shuffleboard.
4	Love this place. .. been to a few of them around town. Only wish they allowed puppies on the patio. Would have got 5 starts if so. I planned on spending a lot of football season there. Beer is cheap. But cold!  Lots of tvs. Food is awesome! Love the pizza especially!
2	I'm giving 2 stars because the food is usually pretty good. They have great wings and some of the best ranch in town. I don't like posting negative reviews but I just can't let this slide. Heres the short of the long: A couple months ago a friend of mine and I went to zipps for wings and nachos. Service was incredibly slow. As servers saw us, they failed to acknowledge our presence and finally a girl came from the back and looked shocked that we were there and waiting for service. She approached our table without an apology or anything to say for us having waited for 10/15 minutes to be greeted after we sat. So, they can absolutely improve their teamwork and help each other out a bit. Then, after placing our order, it arrived. Everything looked great and we were ready to dig in. I had my wings and my friend had her nachos. As I looked at her basket, I noticed what looked like an extra long and big black ant perusing around from the bottom of her nachos. Mind u, we hadn't started eating but we were excited to. At this point, we had asked to speak to the manager and he said "it's probably just a small bug or something that was in the basket before they plated the nachos. It's harmless". Ummmm...I'm not eating anything if a bug (at least a half inch and ugly) comes crawling out of the food. The manager said that all he could do was remove the nachos from the bill. That's not ok! Neither of us had much of an appetite and would not be touching our food. He stated that he would call the higher-up and see if it would be ok to take care of our tab. Sure enough, the answer was only the nachos will be removed from the total. I was shocked. I got the owner or GM's card and called while getting no where. I would call the corporate office and he'd be at the restaurant. I'd call the restaurant and he'd be at corporate. This went on and on and I gave up. Unfortunately,  Zipps has lost my business. I would bring several people with me quite often and our tabs were in the hundreds. We always took care of the staff as well. It's a shame that over $8 wings, they've lost hundreds and even thousands in revenue. Sad that it amounted to this but it truly could've all been avoided if the manager did the right thing or at least if the GM could've returned one of my several calls. I'm appalled by the lack of integrity by this place. A few years ago (at Zipps), a cocaroack ran across the top of my table and the manager felt so bad that he gave us Zipps money to come back and took care of the tab. I came back because I knew they cared and wanted to believe that it was an isolated incident. Not anymore. Bahbye Zipps.
5	I live right around the corner and this has become one of the regular lunch/dinner choices for us, especially during football season.  It's a great place to come with friends or family to eat and watch a game or play shuffleboard or just sit at the bar and grab a quick dinner.Golden hot wings are my favorite but they also have a great BLT on sourdough...
4	Nice environment, lots of tv's and super friendly staff.  Food needed seasoning but overall ok
4	Zipps Sports Grill is a solid spot to head to for Happy Hour or to check out a game on the weekend. It's super casual, and the prices can't be beat. They have a killer happy hour special, $6.00 for 10 of their famous wings, or you can get an order of their skewers $3.00 well cocktails, or zipperitas, and $4.00 32oz domestic beers or premium pints!It's no secret that I am a total wing junkie. I think I may be in need of a support group. If wings are on the menu then wings will be what I order. One would assume that something as simple as Chicken Wings would be hard to screw up. That is not true my friends... Who wants over cooked, over sauced, soggy chicken wings? Not me! The wings were perfectly crispy, deep fried to perfection and the sauce to wing ratio was spot on. And for $6.00 who can complain. The only thing that slightly bothered me was they charged me $0.50 for a side of ranch, I hate when places do that. Other than that, service was adequate, food was good, and for the price you can't beat it. Perfect laid-back  HH evening
4	Zipps is a good restaurant for a quick lunch. The salads they offer are large portions and the iced tea comes in large tumblers. I enjoy this restaurant for wings, beer and a game. I agree that the bar could use at least one, if not two, larger sized T.V.s.
3	Ok sports bar, good happy Hour values.  Wings and the usual sports bar food.  Food quality is good but salad and vegetarian choices are limited, but available.  Beer by the pitcher.  Some customers get to loud and use loud foul language which the staff seems to tolerate so be aware if you take the kids.
1	Gross. Found a hair in my food & when I told my waiter...he didn't believe me?! This place will never get my business again.
1	Save your money, go elsewhere.Terrible service, terrible manager with terrible ethics. I watched as a guest was shown to his table and he ordered a drink and meal for him and his wife. The man gets halfway through his drink waiting for his food when the server comes up to him and starts yelling about the beverage. The man gets up to leave only to be met by the manager to get yelled at a second time to pay his full tab. No food had made it out to the guest but the manager was yelling at him to pay his full tab or he would call the police. The man walks past him and the manager chases him down and writes his license plate down and came back in the restaurant to call the police. The saddest part of all this... The man never got to finish his beer. Save your money, go elsewhere.
1	I enjoy most Zipps locations but this one has the worst management of all of all Zipps. Truly rude and definitely incompetent. Food is greasy and cheap but a decent place to watch the game over a drink with friends, however there are too many other options around here to waste your time and money at this place.
3	came here with a friend to watch football.We played some of the games also, shuffleboard, darts and pool. the shuffleboard isn't in the best condition. The roof was also leaking because of the rain and pointed it out to a manager and almost felt like we bothered them or like we were being a pain. it made the floor crazy slippery, you would have thought they would have been saying thanks for pointing that out so somebody doesn't slip and sue us.anyways onto the food.I ordered the zipps wings golden style and they were as good as my friend said.I would definitely order them again. also got a zipperita and was good also.
3	I've been going to this place for a long time and even was a busser there during high school. From a customers point of view, it's fallen off a little bit. Still has a great sports bar atmosphere, but the food and even the service is really hit or miss. Better than other locations though.
2	I attend Zipps often, however this Zipps on Via De Ventura, was not impressive. I invited a fairly large group of friends to come out Sunday to watch the playoffs. Sitting outside was not an issue since they had TV screens and a lot of tables that were empty. The problem was there were no heaters outside, no wonder it was empty. Now I know this is Arizona, but it gets pretty chilly outside in the winter especially when the area is shaded. Fifteen of my friends left and went elsewhere because it was too cold outside. Dollars out the door if you ask me. I ended up getting a booth inside with a few of us that decided to stay because you can't beat the happy hour prices for food and drinks anywhere else, but I froze my ass off the entire time. My service was good with my first waitress, however when the next one showed up I had to flag her down for drinks as well as for my bill. Now if the place was packed I could totally understand the slow service, however it was a lot less empty then when I first arrived.
