3	I've been to this GD Location twice now. First with the man and a friend, and we were all slightly disappointed in the food. My salmon sandwich was WAY too smoky and a touch on the oily side(even for an oily fish). The second time it was with a larger group, and we were led alllll the way into the back to be seated. I had NO idea that this place was so big. The atmosphere is nice, for a pub. Plenty of seating, and as Chris said, the outdoor area is nice. But, I was STILL disappointed in my food selection. To me, a dish called "Wisconsin Mac and Cheese" should showcase cheese...not just a plain bechamel sauce and bread crumbs. Don't get me wrong, it was decent pasta...just not what I consider "mac and cheese"... I'd give this place one more shot, I guess.
2	food--bad. beer-- good.
2	This rating makes me sad. I like the dane downtown and the one in Fitchburg but... I don't know, something just falls apart here. From the lackluster service, the just-ok food and the fact that it's always so... dead. Oh! And the fact that I've had to tell a bartender how to make a hot toddy not once... but TWICE. Seriously?! And why is the food always better at the other locations?? I mean... don't they use the same recipes??One bright spot (that's actually at ALL the great danes)- the David Bacco chocolate flights. Ahhh the tripepper............. !!!
4	As a bar, it's fine, I'm not a beer drinker but I hear their selection is amazing. As a restaurant though, it's been consistently wonderful.Their beer bread and honey butter are a great appetizer. They have plenty of healthy vegetarian options: from a falafel wrap and peanut stew (favorite!) to burritos and veggie burgers (Admittedly they're a little lackluster on the veggie burger). When eating with a group they can split the check for you in amazing ways. This includes splitting appetizers and putting a fraction of the cost on everyone's bill. Amazing for those who never carry cash smaller than a $20 on them. Service is probably their weakest point. They're competent enough, but nothing special, and they're usually pretty busy.
1	ugh. hilldale dane. we are THROUGH. over an HOUR to get a beer? seriously? and then not acknowledging me when i try to get your attention? granted this is always the case... but ugh. enough. hilldale dane, i tried sososososososo hard to like you. i love your fish tacos. and your tripepper pils and your delectable scotch ale. but not knowing how to make classic drinks? like a sidecar or a hot toddie? and forgetting what i ordered? and NOT checking in on me to see if need anything? what, utensils? why would i ever need those to eat? or taking 3498753948573984735 hrs to get me my check? and that many more hrs to run my credit card? like... it's not that busy. EVER. also. why can't u keep the same waitstaff??ugh. we are DONE. it's not me. it's you. i'm getting my dane fix downtown or at fitchburg, where i know i'll have fantastic service and don't have to block aside 5 hrs for one meal. jeez.
3	Great place to stop for happy hour on your way home from work.  They have a great beer selection, and a nice menu.  We've never been displeased with the food.  The atmosphere is fun - they opened up the back area - which looks REALLY great.  The service has always been lacking.  The waitstaff don't seem to care - and we've had several rude staff over the years.
4	The beer is awesome.  We all know that.  They experiment with different kinds of beer and aren't stingy on the tasters (always appreciated.)  Some are incredible and some are so-so.  Crop Circle Wheat, Texas Speedbump IPA, and Scotch Ale are all good picks.  I have no idea why someone would complain about their wonderful mac and cheese.  Normally, I would be embarrassed to order mac and cheese at a restaurant, but their mac is so good.  It is a real cheese lovers' mac and cheese for sure.  It comes with a heavenly, soft pretzel stick for total carb overload.  My boyfriend had the chicken pot pie and claimed that the crust was wonderful and the filling high quality.    The grilled cheese is quite tasty with the pesto on it.  The soups are alright but not incredible.  The portobello sandwich was lovely, but messy.  Thankfully, I've never had a service issue there.  In fact, the service has always been quite good.  I like to go on Sunday night for free shuffle board and darts.
3	Typical chainish spot with a few unique items like mac and cheese pizza and pretzel brat/ burger. Just add exercise!!!!
3	Hmm...I was super excited to try this place after hearing some great reviews.Came in at 12:30 on  Sunday and our only options were the all you can eat brunch for $15 or the appetizer/burger menu on the back.Their other menu was huge, but we couldn't have that until 2pm on a Sunday. Bummer.The beer list looked awesome and had really great deals (compared to where I live, Chicago) $3.50 for a 12 ounce, that is amazing! And flights of beer....sign me up!I ordered the boneless buff wings in 3 Alarm. They weren't that hot, but still good. The gorgonzola dip tasted great, but just like blue cheese...so not really sure if it's just me who doesn't know my cheese or what...but whatev.Service was friendly, mac and cheese pizza was on a pita bread and didn't look that amazing--sadly. I could get better mac n cheese pizza in Chicago--regular crust, too.Burgers came with choice of friends, apple sauce, or coleslaw. You could substitute for Turkey Burger, Boca, Buffalo for $.50 to $1.00.I would come back here for dinner if I could and get a different entree and try some beers.
2	They only get the second star due to the fact that I'm a big fan of the downtown Dane, and the Fitchburg location isn't bad. The Hilldale location must be managed by a completely different team. Seems like almost every time I go there, I have to wait forever to get the bartender's attention. And I'm not talking about a busy weekend night. Mid-afternoon. Hardly anyone there. I've been ignored several times and had people come in after me and get served. I try to make eye contact with the bartender, I have money out on the bar. Nothing. Again - this wasn't just once. The last time I finally just walked out after sitting at the bar for about 10 minutes. Looked at the hostess on the way out and shrugged my shoulders. Bye...  (probably forever).Went to the Dane downtown and got served immediately, with a smile.
4	Great beers.  The peanut stew is out of this world!
2	1 1/2 stars rounded up to 2 only because their location is convenient. The food is horrendous.  I want to like this place.  I really do.  But the food has actually taken a turn for the worse lately.  Its really bad.  The bar feels like a chain, which isnt necessarily bad.  Its clean and service is decent.  Its just the food...oh yeah, and their beer...Their beer is pretty gross.  I'm still impressed they have two cask conditioned on tap but unfortunately neither is very good.  Overall their beers are way too sweet.  I leave feeling bloated and on a sugar high.  Syrupy if you will.  If you want to grab one or two and have a quick app then I understand.  I somehow end up there every once-in-a-while.  Unfortunately it keeps getting worse each time.  I'll probably still go here and there but I'm not happy about it.  Its one of those places...
3	I really don't know how I felt about the place. For one, it was in Wisconsin. Already off to a bad start. For seconds, because of the brunch buffet I could only order off a very limited menu. Everyone knows that you can't do brunch with other dudes. It just isn't OK. That is why I was so confused. They had TVs and craft beer and seemed like a place that many people came to watch football on Sunday mornings. So why do you have brunch? Who knows?As for the food and drink itself. I got the Stone of Scone Scotch Ale which was a very nice selection for the variety though not great by any stretch of the imagination. For food I got the Dane Burger which had Artichoke Dip on it. I also upgraded to the Bison which I ordered Rare. It came out Medium Well and was overall disappointing (though props for having local grass fed beef as an option).Of the many, many brewpubs that I have been to, this one ranks in the lower 3rd. If I ever happened to be in that not so great state again, I would try somewhere else.
2	My husband and I were really excited to try Great Dane because our friend recommended it to us (although she's only been to the downtown location).  The first time we went, without going into lots of details, the waiter really didn't seem with it and messed up my husband's order.  He had forgotten about my husband's burger, brought it out later, and it was well done instead of medium-rare.  Later into the meal at about 7:00, the waiter tells us there is a reservation coming in at 7:30 and asks us to move tables.  What?!?  I have NEVER had that happen in a restaurant.  At about 7:15 he asks us to move and said something about a "2 hour time block" (at that point we had only been there about 1 hour).  Luckily we were pretty much almost done so we just asked for the check so we could leave.  I couldn't believe it!  Luckily, we got my husband's meal free and the beers free.The second time we were there, I was less than impressed with the food.  I ordered the veggie burrito.  The insides seemed like they were microwaved - the black beans kinda mushed up and dry and hardly any veggies (they should have called it a Bean and Rice Burrito).We enjoyed the beer and the overall atmosphere.  I want to give it another shot, but definitely at the downtown location in hopes that it will be better.
2	Food was great but they told us 25-30 minute wait and we actually waited an hour and a half. While we were waiting, we decided we'd go down and play some pool until we found out it was 7 or 8 dollars (can't remember) just to play one game!
3	We have always had a better time at the Fitchburg Great Dane.  For some reason our service at the Hilldale Mall location has been iffy.  The waiters/waitresses have been distant and inattentive.  I was charged for extra dressing when the first amount they gave me was a little short.  I should not be charged for extra dressing.  This is so damn cheap I will probably opt for another place next time.  Great Dane,,, you are losing us.
3	I'm not from Madison, but I came here because a friend of mine recommended it. She said they had good food, beer and chocolates, so I thought I'd give it a try. I didn't try the chocolates, but I heard they were pretty good.I ordered the Crop Circle Wheat beer on tap at the Hilldale site. This is good if you like smoother lighter beers without any hop. I ordered the Bavarian Chicken Sandwich, which is a grilled chicken breast topped with melted sharp cheddar cheese, Bavarian ham, apple spiked slaw and pickled red onions. Served on a home baked pretzel roll with a side of Crop Circle cranberry wheat mustard. The sandwich wasn't too bad except for the bun. I thought the bread was as hard as a rock, so I asked for new buns, but they it wasn't that much better than the ones I already had, but I ate it anyway. My friend had the Drunken Jerk, which is a tender pork shoulder soaked in spiced rum and our own jerk marinade, slow-cooked and wrapped in banana leaves, then finished with coconut-lime butter and pineapple salsa. Served with steamed vegetables and sweet fried plantains. This meal was way better than mine and if you like plantains they are amazing!We went on a Sunday afternoon and thought maybe we could catch the KU vs Texas basketball game, but we weren't allowed to change any of the channels because there was a Green Bay game on even though there was one tv in front of us that could have been changed. So as you could imagine, the place was full of fans and it was pretty loud in there. So it was a little difficult to hear normal conversation.
3	This is a great place to go for drinks with friends and appetizers. I've been here many times for just that and it would get an extra star if just that.However, they also have many dishes and a pretty large weekend brunch buffet. The buffet had it's highs and lows, but the one thing that stood out to me, was the ranch dressing.FYI, if going to brunch, it's great for groups. They have a salad bar, complete with shrimp, fruit/yogurt and a nacho section. They have an omelet station and prime rib. They had pancakes, french toast, ribs, pasta's, mango chicken, cheesy potatoes, vegetables and stuffing. There was variety. Hopefully knowing this helps. Oh.. and we really liked the wings. Especially when paired with the ranch.Overall, it's not bad, but it's not great. I think it would be ideal for large groups or if you want to have drinks with friends. Most locations have pool tables, dart boards and shuffle boards.
4	I visit Madison every month for work and I've gone to the Dane on practically every visit. As you may have gathered from their name they brew their own beer and it is good stuff. I am especially fond of the Peck's Pils. Give it a whirl. I definitely like the fact that the burgers are available with grass-fed beef. On my last visit I had the Texarkana and I definitely wasn't left disappointed (or hungry for that matter)!
3	I have been here many times, and love their french onion soup and mac n' cheese.  Also, being a vegetarian, I love the option to change any of their burger patties out with a veggie patty, and their veggie patty is pretty darn good.  They also have delicious bloody mary's and salads as well.  However, it's a tad overpriced for the amount you get.  I'm not that big of a beer drinker, so their extensive/awesome beer selection of their own beers doesn't really appeal to me.  I will definitely continue to go back, just not often so I can save up again during visits ;)
3	Fast service- we usually have at least a table of 7.Friendly, outgoing waiters.Good food, but sometime it's a little off- like the ciabatta bun on the portabella sandwich being twice the size of the mushroom.
2	If you close your eyes and taste the food, there are too many items that are way too similar to TGIMcBennibees.  I've given it a few tries, and while I've finished my meal every time I'm not overwhelmed.   The best thing it has going for it is location combined with a big parking lot, and it gets bumped up to a third star because the menu does have some variety to it.It's a perfectly safe choice for lunch when in the area, since the area defined by Whitney, Midvale, Nokoma, and Mineral Point is a bit of a wasteland if you don't have inclination to drive to campus/downtown or to the chains of Middleton.  The beer isn't anything special so you're not missing out that much.
3	I'd say the Great Dane is a solid place to eat and grab a beer... it's the kind of place that definitely deserves your business before a chain, but it's not going to blow you away. Decent cheese curds, decent burgers, decent beer (though if I'm honest I like the New Glarus offerings better). Great ambiance in this location, especially the bar area. It's the kind of place you'd want to have friends meet you where you'd be able to eat, drink, and hang out for an entire night... which I'd certainly do :)
3	The plusses: some solid beer, great cheese curds, excellent back garden with plenty of seating.Minuses: service can be slow, some not-so-great beers.Overall a nice find in Madison that handled our big group pretty well.
4	The Great Dane is an excellent Madison institution. Consistently good food (though a bit heavy and salty for me), great atmosphere and stellar beers. The menu -- better by far than your average "bar food" establishment -- is pretty much guaranteed to please everyone in a diverse group. I am not a vegetarian, but as I recall there were many options for those folks as well.
4	Whenever we're in Madison, we always make a point to stop at the Great Dane.  Usually pretty busy,  but worth the wait.  Consistently good food, lots of vegetarian options--this is Madison, after all--and their beer is all really tasty.
1	I enjoy Great Dane Pub's in Madison but I will never go back to this one. The service is absolutely horrible and the bartenders are extremely rude. Stay away.
4	I raise them one star for their stance on the micro beer issue.   People are starting to wake up that we have the power to fight back and fight we will.  Great Dane is doing the absolute right thing.  Thank you Great Dane!
4	The Great Dane is just as good at Hilldale as it is downtown.  The food is good and the beer is even better.  A good place to meet up with friends or  family, kids are entertained by the darts, pool tables, and shuffleboard.
4	Great beer.
2	"The Great Dane" is essentially Madison's version of a "Ruby Tuesdays" except they make their own beer. Unfortunately, I live and work close by so I end up getting suckered into going there more often then I'd like. Pro--outdoor seating!--fun for watching sports--local beer, but I think New Glarus and Capitol are much betterCon:--pricey bar food--inconsistent service and quality of food--Loud(it's a bar!)--service can be VERY slow if it's even a little busy--a few uncaring, incompetent servers that can ruin your mealIf you feel that you absolutely MUST do "The Dane" experience head over to the downtown location as it's a bit better.
4	Okay, here's the skinny on the GD: best locally owned pub in Madison. They have great beer selection that they make themselves. The decor is really good too, a GREAT place to gather with work friends or to watch a game. Their menu is pretty good, especially their burgers. The Cream Ale (only available in the Summer) is great, and the Velvet Screw beer is a great Winter brew. An excellent place with LOTS of space for all types of people.
2	I'm going to reiterate what other reviewers have said previously. The service is completely lacking here. The servers - while friendly - take an exorbitant amount of time to come to your table. The kitchen - while making incredibly tasty food - is unacceptably slow. And the price you pay for both is just far too much for what you get. As for kid/family friendly, I would try somewhere else or get carry out. This place is a brewpub that tries to be good for families, but in the end it's still just a bar.Tasty food but not enough to make up for the other detractors.
4	A brew pub with a local connection, the great badger running back, Ron Dane. Expect huge, football player-sized portions and enough choices that everyone on your big 10 squad could have something different. We enjoyed the salmon, Cesar wrap and burgers - all excellent. Service could be a little spiffier butt it seems the restaurant was seating people section by section thus overwhelming the diligent servers who got all their tables at once. Will go back for the food, without question.
3	i love the environment of the restaurant and the staff was top notch.  the one thing i found extremely odd is why on a saturday afternoon for lunch, they can only serve the late night menu which limited our menu selections.  i have to disagree with other reviews, my waitress was attentative and friendly and was consistently refilling our drinks.the food was average.  the cheddar mac was good, but could have used chicken and or bacon to spice it up and make it more filling.  the bbq pork was tastey and maybe more sauce could have added more to that as well.  the 3-alarm wings werent exceptionally hot or spicy, but they were well cooked and plump with juicy tender meat.as a side note, my friend has been here in the past and wasnt 100% satisfied with his experience, but overall, my experience was decent.
2	I'm noticing a pattern to the reviews here, so I need to chime in. We debated between this location and downtown (Hilldale is much closer to our house). We decided Hilldale because we have two very small children and we thought this would be easier. I must temper my review with this: you cannot go wrong with the beer or the cheese curds. And thankfully this time we had a good server (we've had bad service at this location before). Chad, thank you for being a good server. What I need to complain about is the food. Our meals were inedible. The meat was overcooked and the veggies were cold or very undercooked. My husband is rarely one to complain, but he literally had to stop eating his chicken sandwich because it was so tough he couldn't bite through it. My walleye was rubbery and my daughter's grilled chicken was extra tough, too. I am not giving a lower star review because the manager took the food off our bill and gave us tokens for free beer. We may try again, but perhaps we'll stay in the bar and stick with the beer.
5	Ahi Tuna Salad for the healthy, Brat Bacon Pretzel Burger for the rest of us! Great beer, Great service.
4	I love the Great Dane. Not only do they have multiple locations, but this one is close by.The beer and food are incredible, the menu has plenty of offerings that'll satisfy both your stomach and your wallet. The service is both attentive and polished.My favorite starter is by far the Cheese and Artichoke Dip, which is great to have over a few beers. If you're in dire need of a large meal look no further than the Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger, it is their best known item. As far as beers, everything is great. The Texas Speedbump IPA is a must have.I highly recommend this business, regardless of location.
3	Had lunch with a big group on a Friday. Back bar area sat us right away. Beer's always good here, and the Buffalo Chicken sandwich was great. Service was slow (2 hour lunch). Server lectured us at the end of the meal that it was really hard on her to run separate debit cards (off one check with group gratuity included), and that if it was more crowded, we wouldn't get away with it, basically. Never heard that at any other restaurant in Madison (or anywhere).Good chicken sandwich & beer, but will remember it for the lecture, hate to say.
4	Ate here when I was first visiting Madison and had a great experience. Good food. Good service. Good beer.
4	Met a friend for dinner at this location recently. She had the protabella mushroom burger and I had the fish tacos. GREAT food!! Can't wait to go back. The tables were comfortable and the atmosphere was warm and exciting.
2	My husband and I used to go to the Great Dane at Hilldale on a regular basis since they opened. Although the beer is mediocre, with the exception of Crop Circle Wheat, it's a convenient location. Somewhere to go for a beer and a bite after seeing a movie at Sundance.  However, the last two times that we've gone there have left a bad taste in our mouths, figuratively.  It seems like the current mantra is to make as much money as possible and who cares about the customer.  One meal we had four extra charges: sweet potatoe fries=extra, mayo on our burgers=extra, Imperial IPA=extra, grass-fed beef=extra.  Only two of the extra charges were actually listed on the menu. This afternoon, after having two tastes of beers (one each) and then ordering two 20 oz. beers plus an appetizer, I asked for a taste of another beer because I thought we would split one more beer before going home. The bartender refused saying because it's a guest beer (although on tap) they don't make as much money so they don't let people taste the beer. That seemed ridiculous. Why offer guest beers then? So, it's okay if a customer spends $5 on a beer that they might not like, but the Great Dane can't spend a few cents on a taste?  We're talking about a taste, not a glass. When we called the bartender on it, he said he was being very patient with us by explaining the different beers that we had asked him about as well as explaining about two of the sauces offered for chicken wings. Unbelievable!  Isn't that his job? By the way, there were two other people sitting at the bar, not a big crowd. Anyway, I will not go there again no matter how convenient. There are places with better beer and better customer service where they aren't constantly nickel and dimeing you.
3	The Sunday brunch today was the best I've ever had- it's like they knew I was coming and had all my favorite foods! Well worth the price. We eat dinner here often, it fills up on weekend nights and on game days but there's usually seating in the poolhall  (it's seat yourself)Love the onion soup and most of the beers. Sometimes the service is slow.
5	I am giving 5 stars for the tuna tataki off the appetizer menu and the african peanut stew. Favorites off this menu.  Everything else tried here has always been good!  Love their variety of brews but they also have a nice selection of wine.  Pretty crowded before movie time on Friday nights, but you can get a quick bite at the bar or the bar top tables without waiting....if you find a seat.
4	Went there for a wedding rehearsal dinner and was very impressed! The server was great and handled such a large and demanding group quickly and efficiently. We had a menu of about eight options to choose from and strategically ordered as many different things as we could between the five of us sitting together, and everyone was very happy with what they got. Personally I had the meatloaf which was outstanding; I heard several guests rave about the salmon. To top it off the handcrafted beers were also great--my favorite was the wheat. I don't live in Madison but I would definitely recommend this place to those there.
3	I have to second (third, fourth, etc.) the comments on the service at this particular Great Dane location - it's just not up to snuff with the other Madison locations. It seemed like our waiter took forever and ever to return to our table after taking our order, leaving to grab drinks, and the like. The food, however, is just as good as all the other Great Dane locations. I love the Great Dane and will revisit, though... just hope the service picks it up in the future.
2	I want to like this but the food and beer are sooooo expensive.  One real downside is the service.  The service is really lacking here and it seems like they just don't care.
1	This place is a joke.  We walked in with a party of eight on a Sunday afternoon and were told they were on a buffet and had a limited menu.  Fine.  Then we were told by the hostess that she couldn't seat a party that big and we should go see the other hostess.  Umm you go see the other hostess!  We should have walked out at this point.  The waiter seemed uninterested in life and the buffet was sub-par, fruit next to shrimp?  On what planet.  Yuck. We ordered off the limited menu, cheese curds were breaded mozzarella and disappointing to say the least.  Why even ask us how we want our "grass-fed" burgers cooked?  They are 1/4 inch frozen hockey pucks which will always come out well done.  I could have gotten a better burger off the grill at Burger King.Stay away from this place.  To the manager:  Based on the other Yelp reviews, invest in a good staff and maybe you won't have to hand out millions of drink tokens to right the wrongs...
4	I've been to Great Dane a handful of times when looking for a good burger and a pitcher of beer.  I had the sustainable burger, which was incredibly tasty and very satisfying.  The baked beans are vinegar based, and tasted strange; so I do not recommend choosing beans as your side. We love the beers and the selection is always great.  For cheese curds, they are definitely not the best in town.  Stick with a burger and beer and you will be definitely satisfied and happy you came.
5	Best Brewpub in the United States.This review applies to all four of the Madison area Great Danes - I've been to the original downtown location over 100x and have been to the other three locations 5-15x each, noticing minimal difference in quality of food, drink, or service.  Altogether, I figure I've eaten at the four Great Danes at least 150 times in the past 18 years and had only three less-than-top-notch experiences there (see below).  In fact, my wife and I love this brewpub so much that we rented out half of the downtown pub's outdoor garden area for our rehearsal dinner the evening prior to our wedding.Madison has a lot of great restaurants, but there are a few dishes that are hard to find here done properly, including Mexican and Chinese food in general, Buffalo wings, and nachos.  Well,  maybe the only place in Madison that actually has good nachos is the Great Dane, where they have lots of good toppings, lots of good cheese and will custom craft them to your particulars.  And their wings, while breaded and not the classic Buffalo-style, are quite tasty, if overpriced.  Their artichoke dip, served in very tasty dish made out of a hollowed-out fresh-baked loaf of bread, are the best I've ever had.  GD's soups are also very good and their onion soup, with melted cheese and croutons, will rival that of any restaurant, anywhere on earth; they use some of their beers in it and it is awesome.GD's hamburgers are among the 5 best burgers in Madison and I especially like their Dane Burger, which is topped with their awesome artichoke dip; I sometimes will ask for them to make me a Dane Burger with a healthier buffalo patty.  The Applewood Bacon Burger is also excellent, but not as good as the Vintage Brewing Company's similar Black-and-Blue Burger (the best burger in town).  The thick fries that accompany the burgers, among other side options, are outstanding when you dip them into GD's chipotle mayonnaise, My favorite dish on the menu is the Southwest Tortellini, which is a cheese-filled spinach tortellini with blackened chicken, black bean salsa, and creamy cilantro sauce, served with a garlic bread that will shame 99% of garlic breads served by Italian restaurant.  The Inner Warmth Peanut Stew, a vegetarian dish, is flavorful, filling, spicy and excellent.  I heartily recommend the Thai Chicken Pizza, as well as the buffalo chicken pizza, when it is available.  I've always considered "comfort food" to be a lame affectation of the retro-trendy types, but GD's meat loaf is really good, its chicken pot pie is no longer a dish for one's grandparents, and its mac-and-cheese is extremely good, especially the buffalo chicken version.  I've had most of their salads and they are also top-notch, with very fresh lettuce and other ingredients.OK, as good as the Great Dane's food is, its beers are even better.  I'm a beer aficionado, have been to dozens of breweries around the US, and aside from a half dozen or so Belgian breweries (the Belgians brew the best beer in the world), I would be confident that the Great Dane's beers would compare more than favorably with the beers of the very best breweries anywhere.  The Old Glory APA (American pale ale - like an IPA but a bit lighter, with citrousy Cascade hops) is easily the best pale ale I've ever had.  The Crop Circle Wheat beer is one of the finest wheat beers made in the U.S.  If one were to ask beer experts to name the 5 best breweries in the U.S., Bell's, in Kalamazoo would make many of those lists.  Aside from their stouts (Bell's makes the finest stouts in the country, hands down), the Great Dane's beers are better across the board.  Bell's makes some mediocre beers; the Great Dane does not.I've had three less-than-positive experiences at the Great Dane.  Many years ago on Mardi Gras, they ran a drawing contest, I won a Great Dane golf shirt, but one of the owners had been giving me bad looks for no reason at all, he called over a bartender and had her tell me that I won a different prize, something trivial instead and took back the shirt.  I got so mad that the owner had been such a &*&%#@@ jerk that I didn't go back for months afterward.  This year I had mussels steamed in a beer garlic sauce and the mussels didn't taste fresh.  And for Mother's Day 2012 we went to their brunch buffet and were partially disappointed.  The omelet and carving stations were very good, but the pancakes, waffles, French toast, bacon and sausage had been made hours before and were not worth eating.So why so many neg. reviews for GD?  I'm guessing some are bogus (I've had such uniformly positive experiences that I just don't believe some of the complaints) and I'm also guessing GD's owners refused to pay this site's AdBribery demand, so they get hit with more neg. reviews. Google the site's adpolicy if you don't believe me.In summary, if there's a better brewpub in the US, I'd sure like to go there.  The Great Dane is highly recommended.
2	This was my second time visiting Great Dane. I just moved to Madison, and we decided to go there on the night I moved here. The food is ok.  I ordered the fried cod and fries and cheese curds. I asked the server about a suggestion, and she had none. She was completely uninterested in our table and serving us. She asked us if we were ok just once. After waiting for 10 minutes, I had to flag down another server to bring me some more water and a box. She came back and said: "sorry for the wait." and then brought back the check. So, she only got a 10% tip from me, which was too much for the service we received.  I like the food here, but the service was really bad. Not to mention that we were the only minorities in the restaurant at the time, and the lack of service and attention did not make us feel good at all.
3	This Great Dane location is one of my favorite hangout places in Madison. It's usually less busy than the others and closer to where I lived.Of course, this place brews its own drinks, but the food here is decent as well. My go-to items on the menu were the chicken pot pie, the dane burger, the bbq pork sandwich, and best yet, the honey pepper salmon club, which is probably my favorite here. Definitely give the salmon club a shot. As to why I deemed this location as one of my favorites is because my friends and I came here often to chill and play pool. Serving a crowd of not all college kids was helpful in that it wasn't as loud and wasn't as busy as the downtown location.
3	Had the pulled pork and it tasted as though it'd been reheated from another pork project on the menu and made to be a pulled pork sandwich. Quite filling though!Subpar service, decent beer.
4	If you are looking for a low carb option for a keto or Atkins diet, the South by Southwest Cobb Salad is so good! I had them replace the carrots with more egg and bacon!
5	My favorite location of one of my favorite restaurants! Their food is amazingly delicious. I love every burger I've ever had. The Nakoma Nachos are some of the best I've had and I can never pass up the beer bread and butter. The only thing I've ever gotten from the Dane that I didn't like was calamari, but I got that from the down town location so I don't know if it's different here. I absolutely love the atmosphere. I spent some of my first dates with my boyfriend in a cozy, intimate booth in their front area. He and I come here every year around the time we fell in love with each other. The wait service is always amazing, but I don't usually like their bartenders. My boyfriend and I have gone for pick up last minute which I know isn't the best thing in the world to do, but we always call ahead! The bartender will say it's fine, but when we get there we get turned away even though we get there in time. I haven't been back in about six months because this has happened three times.
5	Enjoyed a great lunch with friends from up north. So many great items to pick from, will have to return.
3	I had the Texarkana Burger.  It was meh.  The atmosphere is great here.  It is in a great location near the mall.  The food was above average price and it wasn't that good.  We really have nothing special to say about it.  I was hoping for so much more and we left disappointed.
3	I went to this location after my sister's graduation from UW-Madison.  This was my first time at this location, which had more space than the one by the capital.  The food is the same as I remember at the capital location - good not great.  I got the Mayan Chicken wrap that was tasty and hit the spot.  The waiter was extremely helpful in recommending options and with the size of our large group coming straight from graduation.  The beer selection is GREAT!  I love stopping here to get a growler or just a pint whenever I am in Madison.  I love how they have the european pints that bubble out in the middle to grip them better.  If you are in a big group get the 10 beer sampler or larger.  It is a great option to try all the different types.
4	Neat bar/brewpub right by the state Capital building. Really nice beer selection, tons of house brews to sample. Very fun visit!
3	Three and a half.  A perfectly good place to come hang out after scoring produce at the nearby farmer's market.  I ordered the potato soup (85 degrees outside, yeah...I'm weird), while my sis had the onion soup, a.k.a. cheese monstrosity (pictured).  Cold beer, can't complain.
4	Between and 3 and a 4 for me, but gave a four because I like the franchise in general (if you can call it that).  The Hilldale location has a beautiful interior.  Obviously, if you sit outside, not going to be the greatest view looking at the nearby mall.  Have been there a few times, with good food and service.  Most recently went today with my husband for lunch.  He had the Mayan wrap, which a waitress who happened to be eating next to him at the bar at his last trip to the downtown location recommended.  He gave me a bite, and it was fantastic.  Instead of the usual burger I have, I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which is a chicken breast (fried unfortunately) tossed in hot sauce on a jalapeno roll with onion, tomato, lettuce, and a side of blue cheese.  Sandwich was very good.  Roll was a bit too much roll, at the end I just took it off and cut it up with a fork and knife.  Fries were fantastic.  My main complaint with the Dane today is that they didn't have the Crop Circle Wheat for beer.  I don't even really like beer, but will drink it at the Dane.  Our server explained to us that the Mallards buy a lot of their beer, and that all of the beer the Mallards buy comes from the Hilldale location.  So in the summer they're often out of certain beers.  So I don't get to have the beer I want because you sell it to a third party?  That's not cool.  Make extra, or sell a limited amount.  Don't make your customers suffer (and yes, I know it's not really suffering).  But I think if you advertise you always have a beer on tap (which it says on their menu), you should have it.  I did end up having the Landmark Lite Lager, which was good, but not as good as the Crop Circle Wheat.
4	Hmm, I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place.  I visit this location every few months and am never dissapointed.  They have one of the best decently priced brunches in the area and the service is usually spot on!  I also love how they are alway mixing up the menu; they is always something new to try.  I think my favorite thing about this place though is that they don't hassle you when you want to substitute side dishes.  I usally try to find a way to add plaintains to my dish and I never receive a snarky response or a ridiculous sub fee.  Love it!
2	I think I'm sorta' over The Dane. Especially this location.It's hard to find decent parking. There's always a wait. It's loud. Service is slow. The beer is mediocre. The food is "meh." It's expensive.I met some coworkers here for a single beer and an appetizer. We sat at the "Pubside" bar (front of house), and despite there being three bartenders, we waited quite a bit for service. When we did get service, it was lackluster at best.We ordered the calamari and the "giant pretzel." The calamari was actually quite solid - not rubbery, nicely breaded, fried perfectly, and served with a tasty marinara sauce. The pretzel was dry, super doughy, and not really that good.Sampled a few of the beers before deciding on the Imperial IPA. It was decent, but nothing I'd seek out.Bill for 2 appetizers and three beers was $33. A bit steep. Bartenders never proactively followed-up with us during our 2 hour stay; we had to actively flag them down for everything.
4	If you don't like the Sunday brunch here, you probably just don't like brunch buffets. There is something for everyone, some good, some OK, nothing bad. Start with the on-premise-brewed beers on which they made their name. Maybe use one as a chaser for their pretty-good Bloodies. My kids like their house sodas. I've sipped them too. They're good.The fruit and veggies on the salad bar are fresh and offer a nice contrast to the heavy (but delicious) hash brown casserole, the cooked-to-order omelets, the prime rib, the bacon (yes, of course, bacon!), the sausage, the scrambled eggs (why not get an omelet, though?), the eggs Benedict, the biscuits and the gravy and the pancakes and french toast. Full yet? Good, because this is only half of what's here: Pasta, beef tips, noodles, steamed veggies, turkey, dressing and mashed potatoes all await you on the other side of the buffet. It's not all steaming hot, but does heat add flavor? Really? The desserts and pastries rest in between, but who has room now? The screens are a little small if you're coming in for the NFL action, so you'll have to luck into or wait for a table by a TV that has your game. Do do doot, do do do doot! Go! Pack! Go!
5	:) Coming to Madison I look forward to eating at this place. The food is always amazing! the ambiance is gorgeous brit pub good happy fun vibe. The service is always fast and the beer keeps rolling. Many good times have been had here with friends drinking and eating and celebrating life. This is my favorite place in all madison!!! so good so good.
4	The Great Dane has to be one of my all time favorite Madison restaurants. The food is good, the beer is better and the service and decor just really make you feel like home. First lets talk beer. The scotch ale is phenomenal, I can't rave about it enough. It's a smooth, full caramel flavor that would go with any of their amazing burgers. Another that I tried for the first time last night was their fruity beer called serendipity. It was like a cranapple citrus cocktail. It was so fruity that if someone had blind taste tested me with it I would have never guessed it was beer and not a mix drink of sorts, honestly. This would be a perfect option for converting any girl you know who doesn't drink beer because it didn't taste good or that beer is for men over to the good side.The food is also awesome, classic pub food but much higher quality. The cheese curds are good to start, but I love their artichoke dip. It's served warm in a bread bowl so you can eat apart the soft doughy serving dish after. Next you simply must try their French onion soup. There is so much caramelized chese on that bad boy you could probably not eat anything else and be stuffed. Next the burger, seven ounces of meat smothered in cheese and sauce. I would suggest you upgrade to the pretzel bun, its worth it and you are already not counting any of the calories in this meal so you might as well do this right. I tried the sweet potato tots with this last night and it was just ok, I'll stick with fries in the future.To be given this smorgasbord of deliciousness you should expect to wait. There's always a wait on weekends and certainly your food doesn't fly out of the kitchen either. But if tasty food and drink is something you are willing to put some time in for, you definitely should do it here.
4	3.75/5  Beer Quality Is Going Downhill LatelyThis is an update review - I previously wrote the 5-star Best Brewpub in the US review and felt that my experiences at the Great Dane over the past year have changed to the point that my earlier review no longer accurately describes what one receives there nowadays.The food quality has remained excellent, so everything I wrote about food still is accurate.  However, I have noticed a very significant decline in the quality of the Great Dane's beer over the past year, so this review will address only the beer.I previously stated that GD's Old Glory APA is the best pale ale I've had and one of my very favorite beers.  That's probably no longer true.  The half dozen Old Glorys I've had in the past year taste different, flatter, more bitter, less citrusy hop flavor, less hint of caramel.  One of them, that I had at the Hilldale location, I actually sent back because it tasted skunked.  The bartender didn't believe me and thought I was some sort of hyper-critical malcontent until he poured himself a taste and then agreed.The Crop Circle wheat has lost some of its wheat taste that makes it so good.  If I wanted my beer to taste like a bland American beer, I'd buy a six-pack of Bud Lite or MGD and just stay at home.I had a limited production IPA and it possessed all of the strong characteristics of an IPA without any of the subtle, pleasing ones.Clearly the Great Dane is doing something differently over the past year and when what you're already doing is superb, change is not likely to be a good thing.  Maybe they have new brewers or they aren't supervising as well and whoever has been cleaning their equipment has been getting a bit sloppy (as a former and hopefully future home brewer, I can tell you that meticulous cleanliness is the single most important factor in making a decent beer and is second in importance only to quality ingredients in making a great beer).  Or maybe they started brewing with an eye more focused on the bottom line and switched some suppliers - I'm on the Tyranena Brewing Company newsletter list and its curmudgeonly owner has complained multiple times of the significantly rising costs of raw materials for brewing in recent years.  If that's the case, please Great Dane, go back to your old suppliers and put a little note on the bottom of your beer menu explaining that materials costs have risen significantly lately, hence the 50 cents increase in beer prices.  We'll understand.Whatever the reason, I can no longer honestly say that the Great Dane is one of the top-5 beer producers in the country.  It's sitll pretty good beer, better than the beer from any of the Milwaukee brewpubs like Sprecher, Water Street, or Riverside and better than those from about a dozen small-town brewpubs I've tried in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Ohio over the past year months.  However, I'd say that both Ale Asylum and Tyranena have it beat nowadays.Several years back, the once excellent Capital Brewery in Middleton decided to go more commercial, stopped making their outstanding Klosterweizen (better than GD's Crop Circle, even) and instead pushed a bland American-yellow-beer-in-a-can, Supper Club and bland, very slightly wheatier tasting Supper Club called Island Wheat.  My purchases of Capital beers in recent years have declined by 90% or more compared to 10-15 years ago (a few Octoberfests on tap if a restaurant has nothing more interesting and maybe one 4-pack of their seasonal dopplebocks). I really hope that whoever is in charge of brewing at the Great Dane gets his head out of his arse and rights the ship before the Great Dane goes in the same direction as Capital Brewery.
4	I doubt there is too much I can say about Great Dane that hasn't already been said. We most often end up at the Hilldale location as it's the most convenient for us (and parking is abundant, a major plus!). It can be pretty packed on busy times, like a Saturday night, but the wait's not longer than any other popular pub. Beer selection is obviously good, but there's a full bar too if you're not a fan. As for the food, I've tried many options over the years, and I can't point to one thing that's been disappointing. When I'm really in the mood to indulge, it's definitely the cheese and artichoke dip I go for. If you haven't visited here for their Sunday brunch, you're definitely missing out- the buffet takes up almost an entire room with a mix of standard breakfast fare and lunch fare as well, which is great as you probably aren't going to want to eat again for a day. We've also attended private events here that have been really well organized with helpful staff. Definitely a place we'll continue to visit often!
4	Visited Great Dane for the second time on my third trip to Madison (missed it the first).  Overall, was originally attracted to try it out via the desire to grab some local brews, but the food ended up enticing me back for a second round.Great Dane sports a wide variety of both staple and specialty brews.  All of them seemed pretty decent to me (my favorite being the Crop Circle Wheat), with the exception of a random or two (hot pepper beer anyone?).Food is your typical pub fare, but it's well executed.  Greasy as expected...  the calamari and curds were good, as was my jerk pork and my wife's brisket and johhny cakes.I'll probably make this a recurring to-do for my now annual voyage up north.
4	IT IS OFFICIAL.... I HAVE AN OVER-EATING PROBLEMBefore we get to the light bulb point, let's step back and set the scene.I'd been recommended this place by some colleagues who have been to Madison a lot for work. We looked it up and found there were a few locations for the group so we picked here as it was closer to Verona where we were staying and we thought we'd be able to park easier than near the capital (we were right there was a free car lot across the street).We walk in and its packed! Thursday night and we were told it would be a 60min wait for a table for 2! But they said if we could find room at the bar or the high top tables we could just sit. So we hovered and almost left but I was thinking if it's this busy we really have to try it! We got super lucky and found a high top table and were set. We got our hands on the menu which was in the style of an old newspaper (cool!) and the menu was huge! We struggled to pick.... until I saw the fried chicken with shrimp, andoille sausage, artichoke and mushrooms with a side of mashed potatoes and jalapenos and seasonal veggies ... with a name like smothered and covered fried chicken it pretty much sums up an almost perfect meal for me.... sold! As I was ordering I was telling myself.. diet start tomorrow, diet starts tomorrow... salad only for the next week!Food arrives... of course as expected large serve... and it is great. Chicken is crunchy fried and the toppings work well and the jalapeno mashed potatoes are great... a really nice spice that went well with the chicken.Now to the official fatso moment.... the waitress comes over and sees my empty plate... it must not be a common occurrence as she looks over and audibly says "wow" and gives me a HIGH FIVE!... oh the shame... Diet starts tomorrow, diet starts tomorrow.I've said it before and I'll say it again, dam you America and your delicious food!!!!!!!!
1	Food is consistent and never bad, but if you are coming in to enjoy a big sporting event on one of the many TVs, you will most likely be disappointed. I guess the in-house dj, who sounds like a Spotify Pop Muisc Playlist, is more important than the national championship game between WI and Penn State V-Ball game. When 75% of the bar is in red and here to watch the game, put on the sound. Also had to deal with an altercation between a bartender and my girlfriend when asking to turn on the sound for the 2012 World Series. We were told 'our sound system doesn't allow multiple sound inputs between the bar and dining room'. Then that same bartender complained to a patron about how 'if you wanted to listen to the game, you should have stayed home.' I thought this was an isolated incident. Obviously not. The Great Dane does not care about the customer experience, unless it's inline with what they think is appropriate.   Sorry, your dj sucks and we would rather listen to the sports commentary. iTunes is as good as this guy.
5	Hummus plate is outstanding.  Tried the Anniversary Ale in a pint glass.  It is solid.
4	I've only been to this Great Dane location for it's Sunday Brunch Buffet, and wowza, their brunch is a doozy. It's $16*, and for that you get an incredibly large spread of all the foods you might want to eat. All of the breakfast classics are here, like your american potatoes, cinnamon rolls, pancakes, bacon, sausage links, fresh fruit, and don't forget the build your own omelet station! The breakfast items are just the tip of the foodberg. There's also a salad bar, a nacho bar, Chocolate Shoppe ice cream (!), and plenty of other goodies. I'm usually weary of the quality of food at buffets, but all of it is delicious, and should satisfy your craving.* = Most of the time. There's random occasions (i.e Easter, Mother's Day, Father's Day) where they increase the price to $24. They claim to add special items on those days, but I personally didn't notice any differences. I find it kind of annoying for the price to increase that much on certain days, which dampens the experience, especially when you don't find out about it until after you ate. This little burden is the only thing stopping the Dane's brunch from being a 5 in my book. Just be sure to check it before you visit and it won't be a problem.
3	nice place.  came here to celebrate a friends birthday.  they charged us for bringing our own cake.  not nice for a group of med students.  no parties here again
4	Poutine.  That's all I need to say.  Experienced it in Canada on business trips & while I know it's a horrible, horrible thing, it's also amazing.  Service was wonderful & knowledgeable,  menu has a bit of something for everyone.  I tend to prefer more intimate spots for dining & was unsure of the immense sprawl of this place but I like it.  I'll be back!
4	This Great Dane Hilldale location is in my neighborhood.  It is a reliable choice when meeting a group of friends before a movie or just for a few drinks.  The staff is usually spot on professional and friendly.  My usual order is the James Madison (half sandwich and bowl of soup) with the Cuban and the West African Chicken Peanut Stew.  So flavorful and tasty.  There is nothing better on a cold day then this stew.  They do make great burgers, too.  And I can not complain about their starters.But one of the best reasons to go is for the Beer.  I enjoy trying all their styles.
5	I probably go to this restaurant twice a month. The food is so fresh and the flavors and delicious. I usually get the Mayan chicken wrap but the tortellini is also very good. If you're looking for a fun burger, I would recommend the Dane burger, which has artichoke dip on top. They also have a wide selection of craft beer and soda. The servers can help you pick a beer that fits your taste.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars primarily as a bar. This is a great place to go for watching a game. Wisconsin game? The place will be packed to bursting with cheering fans in red. World Cup? Also fun to watch the game here. This place has the more formal bar near the entrance and the pool hall/sports bar in the back. As always, the Dane has excellent beers to choose from: my personal favorites being Old Glory APA, Emerald Isle stout, and Black Earth porter. Like any good sports bar, the Dane offers a nice array of snack food for their boozing patrons. But as for the dinner menu - that is hit or miss. Occasionally they come up with a real treat like the milk braised pork shoulder. However, the quality of those offerings is inconsistent at best. One time your order will be perfectly cooked and the next it will be dry as a bone. To make matters worse, the Dane just switched menus and eliminated most of my favorite entree options. My advice? Go here to catch the game with a few brews and stick to the appetizers for food.
1	Overrated and consistently bad.People like to give high reviews but after my last experience there I am confident it was my last attempt for this restaurant. Every time I am there they are understaffed and the servers do not handle pressure well when busy. Another person at our table ordered their promotional drink for the soccer world cup (caipirinha). These drinks should be sweet and filled with limes but instead it tasted like drain cleaner with soda water. I upgraded my order to receive sweet potato fries for $1 and was delivered an order of twelve small fries. I would have simply asked the server for a few more but she did not come back to the table until dropping off our bills and never even returning to ask how the meal was.On my previous visit, I received food poisoning after having eaten nothing but their food that day. Four other people I was with also received food poisoning, yet the management refused to take responsibility when notified, instead insisting that it must have been something else we all consumed.As a person who has many years of experience in the service industry I am underwhelmed every time I have been here. The management is poor and needs to hire servers who, unlike them, can handle stress.
4	LOVE their Sunday brunch. This is one my kids fave places. Rock solid selection of sandwiches, burgers, fish fry, pulled pork. BUt it's not all standard fare. I like their peanut stew. But more often than not, I get their steak frites. yum.
5	It's true it can be hard to get a table here during the weekend, but the wait is worth it! The food is consistently delicious, and their beer selections (all made in house) are fabulous. Sunday brunch buffet is a veritable banquet, and while things run out very quickly, staff are never far away with either a new tray of the same food, or a replacement of something equivalent. If I'm taking a visitor out for dinner there, I will always recommend that they have the Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger. It's literally "Wisconsin in a Bun". A brat patty, with a burger patty (upgrade to the bison, it's worth it!), AND BACON, applewood smoked, all in one handy bundle of soft pretzel deliciousness and complemented with house-made mustard. Perfection! Of course you couldn't eat one of these at every visit, so I highly recommend the Sustain-a-burger (all locally sourced ingredients), or the New England fish fry (which is one of the best fish fries I have had).In the summer outside seating is at a premium, and you'll have to use your hawk-eye to spot the second that someone picks up their keys from their table and looks like they may be about to leave. Ninja tactics are recommended.It is a pub, and this is pub food. If you're coming here looking for exuisite haute cuisine, you're barking up the wrong tree. If you like a fun, relaxed environment, with good food and good drinks, I highly recommend the Great Dane Hilldale.
3	The Great Dane gets a solid OK. It's consistently OK. It's also open Sunday night - a plus. You can get the burgers with local beef or bison for an up charge. We had the special - a Chicken Cordon Bleu (sort of). The ham and cheese were laid on top of a thinly pounded deep fried chicken breast, smothered in a creamy mushroom sauce. It was tasty - but not really a Chicken Cordon Bleu. Also had the Chicken Salad sandwich. It came on a croissant. Companion said it could have used grapes or walnuts. One of the best sides is the fried plantains. But there are a number of sides to choose from - green beens, apple sauce, cold veggies, and fries. The Great Dane is consistent and you can usually get a table in the seat yourself back bar pretty quickly. There is a more formal dining service up front - both seating areas have the same menu.
3	The Great Dane is the Cheesecake Factory of Madison, WI. They try to do everything, and they do it a-ok. A few things are actually pretty good, but they can be tough to find through the massive newspaper that is their menu (seriously, its designed like a newspaper). Their in-house beer is decidedly sub-par, and they don't really offer other options, which is a shame in a state so inundated with excellent breweries. If you've got your mind set on the Great Dane, and the weather is permitting, head downtown-- the outdoor beer garden is a game-changer.
2	I have given the Great Dane 5 or 6 times now, and honestly I think it will not happen again.....well....unless some else is paying.  It is TOO expensive for the service and food received.  I have tried different entrees on all my visits and I was constantly left wondering what the hype is about this place?  The burger was bland and overcooked and dry and forgettable.  The mixed drinks are off....weird.  I can't recommend this place unless you don't care much about good service, food cooked correctly and paying an arm and a leg for everything.
4	I'm in love with the cheese curds and artichoke dip.  I tried the Mayan Chicken wrap, and thought it a tasty sandwich.  I'd probably get it again.
5	This is a brilliant place with many carrots (that is what they have marked on the menu)!!  By that i mean tons of options of vegetarians just as good as the meat options! Amazing local brews. Had the scotch ale and it tasted amazing. The starters are the show stealers with beer battered bread with honey butter and spinach artichoke dip! I definitely recommend this place!
3	I have been here a couple times now for various reasons. From rootbeer during ultimate frisbee season to outings for work, I have tried the brat and bacon pretzel burger, french dip, cheese curds, chicken fried chicken (I don't see it on the online menu but I swear I got that), and smattering of samples from what others have ordered.This is a nice place to visit if you want a solid place to eat out. It won't blow your mind with a progressive menu but it provides decent food with a wide range of choices.
3	If I have written this review months ago, I'll give them 4 or 5 stars! But, we are on the first day after the changed their menu today, feeling sooooo upset because of their change of my favorite beef brisket with a new dish on the dinner menu! Beef brisket will be no longer served here in Great Dane! So sad, in the beginning of the year, they first took the steak off the menu, and now it's brisket's turn : ( I guess from now on, my only choice would be their burgers which cannot compared with Old Fashioned's! Sighhhhhhh
2	Food was fine, per usual, but we were told we would have a private room for our meeting. Upon booking, we were informed it wouldn't be a problem, but halfway into our meeting, other parties had joined our "private room." We had to abort our meeting (15+ people) and even after complaining to the manager, nothing was done. They took 15 dollars off our 200 hundred dollar tab. Will not be back for work related outings, for sure.
1	As a frequent guest at the Great Dane, I'd say that usually I have a good time here.  This past Saturday, I attended post badger game for the Dane's $2 drafts. I started to get hungry and ordered the cheese/artichoke dip. It was absolutely terrible,  the bread bowl it came out in was cold hard bread and the dip might as well been cream of chicken soup with large chunks of artichoke. Not much of a dip. For $10, I expected much better than the top of the bread bowl (which was also hard and cold) and a few sticks of celery/carrots.   No one at my table would even try it, it looked so unappetizing and I couldn't blame them.
3	I support the Great Dane in large part because of their support for MUFA (Madison Ultimate Frisbee Association).  They give a tremendous amount of resources and space to the thousands of Frisbee players who show up after games all summer long.I am actually not a fan of their beer...I always get the Scotch Ale which I enjoy...but have left with a major headache when trying more then one in a night.Their food however is fabulous.  I highly recommend the nachos with chicken or 20 piece chicken wings.  I was also pleasantly surprised by their fish fry.
5	I really have no idea where to start, I adore this place! Not only is the food usually amazing (a couple of their dishes are just not quite my taste, tho still well done), but the atmosphere is addicting. I've been going here for a number of years and in all that time I think I've only had one instance of poor service. The regular servers are extremely nice and knowledgeable about both their food and beers, so ask your servers to help match your food and drink! I loooove their in house beers (their Black Earth Porter and Emerald Isle Stout has ruined me for most others)! The darker beers can taste a bit salty but I actually enjoy that saltiness. I'm always excited for the seasonal menu update that the Great Dane does. It keeps their food fresh and their establishment interesting. They have cozy booths with wonderfully high backs that gives the place a nice intimate feel for a date and allows you to actually hear what your dining companions are saying.The downside that pops up is that a lot of other people realize how good this place is. So depending on the time you go, there could be a decent waiting time.
1	It couldn't get much worse.1t is almost laughable. Server claims that u could not order off regular menu even though we arrived at 10:45. Late might menu kicks in at 11Pm. He gave us water then disappeared for 10 minutes .when we asked to order he told us we could not off regular menu. What an idiot. Where's the manager when u need one??
2	I have been a big fan of The Great Dane and living in between two of them has always been a plus for me. I always suggest coming here whenever someone new comes in to town, the people, beer and food have always been up to par. That being said the last two times I visited the Hilldale establishment I have been very embarrassed  at my suggestion and just plain disappointed that the cooks and waitress had the nerve to serve me grease slop. Both times my guest and I ordered cheese curds and they were completely drenched in oil, soggy and gross. This past time not only were they slightly burnt, slopping in oil, but 6  of them didn't even have cheese in the curd which I assume is because it was cooked so long the cheese came out. It seems to me a new breading or curd is being used, please go back to the original. The other food there is great, but I truly love cheese curds and my appetite has been ruined by the choice to serve me and I would assume other customers In The best words "crap". Please doing something about this Great Dane, because I love giving you my money, but right now that's not going to happen.
