5	Amazing burgers.  They are not open quite yet, but had a free food day on 1/4/11 (should be open 1/10/11).  All the meat is ground fresh in house each day, so if you feel so inclined to order a rare burger (which I did) you can feel safe about it.  Now, I don't usually really like burgers, but this one is AMAZING!  I had simple bacon and cheddar, fantastic!  They also have pizzas made in a wood fire brick oven.  The sauce is made in house, and is great!  The managers, Zac and Shipwreck, said that they will also have salads, chili, chicken burgers, and falafel patties instead of veggie burgers, which I think is a really cool twist.  I can't wait for the doors to open for real so I can try all of the gourmet stuff they have to offer.  The Shipwreck burger looks awesome: white truffle aoil, arugula, mushrooms, caramelized onions, and brie!
5	Woohoo! Love it. I got a flat bread pizza with banana peppers, mushrooms and tons of cheese. It was so tasty. The mushrooms were perfect. I don't know what kind of seasoning or oil they were in but the flavor was really good. I tried bites of my friends fries which were also very very good. Everything was prepared and cooked right in front of us. I must say it's rather comforting to see exactly how your food is being prepared. It was nice and warm in there as due to their in house fire brick oven. The guys are great, very friendly and personable. The location is great, especially if you work downtown. I want to go back now!
4	I came here on a Friday with some coworkers. You place your order with the cashier at the front of the bar and then take a seat to wait. The food is prepared right over the bar. The staff are friendly and enthusiastic. The space is a bit narrow but I don't think that's any reason to hold it against them. I also hope they do a better job of making sure the floors aren't slippery when it's rainy/snowy outside.I had the Market Square burger which was quite tasty. One of my coworkers had the double half-pounder... enormous! I swear it was a double half-pounder after cooking, not before. The french fries were good too.Overall, I would say that Wingharts is a solid addition to Market Square's selection of restaurants.
5	wow, move over tessaro's. awesome burgers, great people, stellar music.
4	Oh so tasty! I had the Greek pizza. It was wood fire oven-baked goodness chock full of plump, flavorful kalamata olives, big chunks of excellent feta cheese, roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts on a scrumptious thin crust. Fries just as they should be: hand cut and crispy on the outside, yet meaty on the inside. My dining pals had burgers that looked and smelled so good; they were raving over the flavor, freshness and ingredients. I'll have to get one next time. The quarters are tight (only reason for four, not five stars) but they do plan to open seating upstairs soon. In the summer the entire front opens to outside seating. Everyone on staff seemed to genuinely enjoy preparing our food and they were extremely hospitable. Can't wait to go back, but I'll try a little earlier or a little later than noon, since it gets pretty crowded at lunchtime.
4	As of last week, they have not yet obtained their liquor license, thus no whiskey yet in this burger & whiskey bar.  The dinning room is skinny and long, with kitchen and what will be the bar along the side.  You can either sit either at the bar, or at the bar table towards the back.  Seats are fairly limited, however the food is phenomenal.  I ordered a gourmet burger with fries, which was simply fantastic.  While I was eating I watched the chef prepare a Greek pizza, which looked delicious as well. I am definitely planning on going back, especially when they can serve whiskey.
4	Four stars for four simple reasons: R-A-R-E.  I ordered it rare and they cooked it rare. Pretty simple formula that tells you about all you need to know.
5	Woweewowow! I can't even begin to describe the orgasmic burger I had for lunch here! SO delicious and filling in fact that I'm sitting here without even eating dinner yet...and it's 9:35 PM!! That is UNHEARD OF if you know me! Market Square, or M2 as I'd like to affectionately call it, has been through quite a transition in the past couple years. New restaurants have been opening up left and right. Winghart's is DEFINITELY one to visit, like NOW! It's a little too small inside at this point for how amazingly good the food is, but hopefully in time (sooner, rather than later!!) they will expand to the upstairs area. Plus, they're missing the last part of the title. The whiskey! But I assume it's only a matter of time until this place really starts blowing up with the demand. Did I even mention the juicy goodness of the burger?? Or the crispy deliciousness of the fries?! Ohmygawd! So good! It's grilled and cooked just right. I really like a simple burger so I can taste the quality. Cheddar cheese, tomato and pickle is enough for me. I URGE YOU to try this place as soon as you can! It's giving Tessaro's a run for it's money as the best 'burgher in the burgh."
5	I've been back a couple times and have to say that this place is growing on me all the more. It's fast becoming one of my favorite burger joints in Pittsburgh and certainly downtown.I've had some of the other burgers, such as the Shipwreck burger, and they are also fantastic. And yes, they're doing a better job at keeping the floors from being slippery on snowy/wet days.
5	I have gad a chance to try their falafel patties too!  I think they are awesome!  Yes, they are not veggie burgers which is maybe why that one person said they didn't like it.  They are portobello falafel patties, which I like better than veggies burgers because they have more flavor  Long and the short of it, if you are expecting a veggie burger, its not going to happen (read the menu, it says it right on there).  If you want something with more flavor, then then falafel patty is for you!
5	I just went in here the other day and tried the felafel sammie. Oh. My. Goodness. It was superb. Like actually excellent. Like even my dad and brother, who were yapping because they just couldn't believe I came to Winghart's and didn't get a burger, loved it. The artichoke spread was delicious, creamy and actual big chunks of artichoke [yum]. The red peppers were also very good, super flavorful. I was worried about the olives because I have never liked those purple olives [I don't even know what they are called] but they were just a perfect addition of flavor. And feta cheese? Heavenly. This is seriously something to try even if you don't like veggie stuff. I left full but not uncomfortably so and I still had about a quarter of the patty left. Mmmmmm!
3	The only reason I gave this place the rating I did was the fact the Tattonka Buffalo Chicken Sausage pizza was excellent!  The blue cheese was not over powering and it savored just the right amount of spicy tangy aftertaste.  This place lost points because of the price and poor customer service.  I didn't care that there was a very small seating area.  You go to NYC, sit in a cubby hole, pay $600 for a two person meal, and they give the place rave reviews.  The price isn't that bad, but its right at that border of "being too much for the food".  The poor customer service comes from the fact that I snapped a phone photo of the front open kitchen.  I was going to send it to friends and make dinner plans.  The skinny bearded cook came over and wanted know why I took the picture.  When I explained he tersely replied to the effect, "someone asks permission first!"  I really became uncomfortable after that.  Hello!  If that was an offense, what the hell are you doing in an open- counter kitchen, where all of the kitchen's actions are on display?  I have managed the business operations of five different restaurants.  I also, meet with PRA.  So trust me when I rhetorically ask, "If this is the level of their customer service, I will be surprised if this one beats the odds!" I won't be back.
3	I will preface this review by saying I'm not a big burger person so my review may not be as glowing because of that fact.    I had the Hula Burger - and while I acknowledge that the meat was very tender (got it medium well) I couldn't help but taste/smell what I experience duing eating lamb.  Just an fyi - I absolutely hate the taste/smell of lamb.  So as you can imagine my surprise and then ensuing disgust when eating my burger.  I will say that not all my burger bites were lamb laced - there were actually a few that were downright tasty.  Besides the lamb-essence I got, there were some unchewable bits that sorta grossed me out...I don't know, maybe I'm chewing too much and I put too much value on the preparation stage before digestion (aka chewing my food).  So all that being said - I didn't give it a great review.  I was contemplating giving it only 2 stars, but that may be a bit premature.  I may give this place a whirl one more time. Decide for yourself and check it out.
5	O, Shipwreck burger! If I could marry you, I would have proposed on our first date!  There I was, shly waiting at the busy counter wondering if I'd like you, would we get along, would you tickle my fancy....YES!!!!  I fell head over heels in love with you, you perfectly grilled medium burger, all dressed up with oozy, gooey sensuous brie, slathered with decadent white truffle aioli, your salty, teasingly smokey bacon, those sweetly caramelized buttery onions and, you devil, you...that mound of biting, peppery arugula!  You've ruined me for other burgers.  How could I see another burger after you????  Me + Shipwreck Burger = 4Ever.Will we see each other again?  You betcha...I'll call YOU!  Often.
5	My husband and I are from DC and came to Pittsburgh to visit family. We stopped by Wingharts for lunch and I could not have been more impressed. The staff is extremely friendly and you can tell they LOVE what they are doing. My husband and I both ordered the 'Shipwreck Burger' and fries. The fries are delicious! The burger was huge and the best I've had!! There were lots of burgers to choose from- it was hard to pick just one. Needless to say we are excited to vist Pgh again so we can stop by Winghart's for another burger!
4	Went here for lunch yesterday and was slightly impressed.  I'm always looking for new places to eat in Pittsburgh and especially downtown since I work there.  The first time I walked by this place I thought it was a tattoo parlor (strangely enough it has a similar vibe going on inside).   You order your burger (or other food item) at the register and then mostly fend for yourself for a place to sit and eat here.  The place is small but cozy and we ended up finding a spot at the bar.The burger: it was very good, but overcooked (and not cooked over an open flame).  I got the Shipwreck burger (arugula, brie, bacon, caramelized onions, and TRUFFLE OIL).  I ordered mine medium rare and got something that more closely resembled medium well.  My fault for not sending it back, but I was hungry and didn't feel like waiting.  The combination was very nice - a nice bitter bite from the arugula, some earthy sweetness from the truffle oil, some gooey goodness from the brie, and a nice salty crunch from the bacon.  Everyone in our group (there were five of us) mentioned that they would definitely be back.  Would I be back? Yes, but not til the whiskey is flowing (they noted that they'd have liquor in about 2 weeks).  Conclusion: In my opinion, a 5 star burger joint needs to cook their burgers over open flames, PERIOD.  Til I find a spot like this in this city, the best burgers I've had in Pittsburgh have been cooked on my charcoal grill!!  I give them 3.75 stars (rounded to 4 since they're a new and budding place and also have future plans to serve whiskey!).
5	Excellent!  My son and I went to lunch for burgers and had a great meal.  We arrived at 11:40a and there was already a line out the door, but we stuck with it.This place makes, nay creates specialty burgers and wood fired pizzas.  From the fresh ground beef to the house made aioles and sauces everything is excellent.  You order as you enter and we were fortunate to get a couple of stools at the bar, front row seats!We split an order of chili cheese fries that were beyond compare with any I've had before.  The fries weren't just good, they were perfect.  The last fries were still crunchy and warm.  The beef burger was great and you can even swap the beef for chicken or veggie, although I don't know why.We also has the privilege to sit in front of Shipwreck, the captain of the orders.  He loves what he is doing and does it very well.  One of the burgers is named for him.Great place, great people, superb food!
5	Alright, Burgatory/BRGR/every other trendy gourmet burger establishment that has popped up in Pittsburgh within the past year--it's time to start trying harder. Or maybe, stop trying, because it might be impossible to reach the level of delicious that is Winghart's.Maybe I'm exaggerating...am I? The burger I had here was most definitely in the top five burgers ever eaten in my life, and THE best in Pittsburgh, though to be fair I'm semi-new to the area and have yet to try Tessaro's. I had the Shipwreck burger: Bacon. Brie. Carmelized Onions. Arugula. Truffle Aioli. TRUFFLE AIOLI--I didn't care what else was on the burger, if I hear "truffles," I'm there. Even though I don't generally like onions, I decided on this rare occassion I would trust Mr. Shipwreck and just order it as-is instead of my usual laundry list of additions and omissions.Of course I was excited, but I was also a bit nervous. Every one of the toppings has an intense flavor that can easily overpower. But by some miracle, it not only worked, it was perfection, with a complexity that you just have to eat to understand. The burger itself was not quite as red as I prefer, but it was so juicy that it actually didn't matter. Oh, and it's about twice the size of BRGR's pathetically portioned patty. I'm totally in love.Negatives:1. Location. I don't go downtown unless I absolutely have to because of obvious transportational issues. Plus, it's not exactly the most happenin' neigborhood in town. UPDATE: Problem solved, there's now a second location on the Southside!2. The signage. Ed Hardy called, and he wants his logo back. But hey, it's marginally better than BRGR's (no excuse for using Papyrus on anything other than the title page for a 9th grade essay on Ancient Egypt). So, keep rockin' it out Winghart's...that awkward heart tattoo won't stop me from enjoying your obscenely good burgers!
4	I came in and sat down to look at the menu, and started chatting with the chef like it was a sushi bar. Turns out I was talking to none other than Shipwreck himself, so his recommendation was fairly obvious. We got a shipwreck, a falafel burger, an order of fries, and a side of cole slaw - I have to try the cole slaw everywhere I go... I almost never like it as much as I hope, but I've gotta know. Blame my inner yinzer.The food was quick and the wait staff was super nice, they joked around with us, and even though this place orders like a fast food joint(Order at the counter, sit down and you'll get served), the girls come around, refill your drinks, clean up after you, etc. I ran into service like this at Los Cabos, as well and I have to say, I don't like paying - more specifically tipping - before I get my food. Not that I would tip any more or less unless the service was amazing or awful, but it just seems to go against the spirit - more like I'm trying to please the establishment that will be handling my food prep with a number than the other way around.Anyways, that was just an aside - I really loved the fries, some of them were super crispy, it's hard to find them like that in a lot of places but I love them. The burgers came exactly as we asked for them and they were well presented and covered in toppings. Amazing that they make it all the way to the counter neatly stacked, as they seem to get messy instantly upon picking them up. Well the Shipwreck did, anyways. The coleslaw was good. I like it a little creamier but it beats Primanti's(as if that's hard to do).. I could definitely eat it, instead of taking a bite and wishing I had grabbed something else.I didn't try the falafel, unfortunately, I was way too stuffed from trying to eat every last fry(I failed), and it seemed really heavy(I mean it's a giant wad of solid chickpea mass), so half of that remains in our fridge for round two.I spoke with Shipwreck a bit more about the place, he said the liquor should flow within a few weeks. I caught a meeting with Victory brewing company(thanks for the golden monkey sample a few nights ago, Victory lady!), so expect them on tap(not to divulge any trade secrets!)Overall, I like this place, and I will like it more when I can grab a drink here. I think the atmosphere is spot on and the people are definitely friendly enough to hang out with, with or without a burger in hand. The pizzas looked good, so that will probably on my list next time.Unfortunately, the burger has yet to beat out my favorite, Kuma's Corner in Chicago, but I'll take this on a regular basis to Kuma's less than once a year.
4	Ok peeps - I went back and rather than getting a burger, I decided to try the pizza...OMG it is so delicious. I had the Mediterranean pizza and I wasn't expecting much as you can see from my last review, but I was blown away. It was so good, I can't even describe it. I even got it takeout which I thought would make it all soggy - but I must have picked it up at the perfect moment b/c I can't say enough positive things about this pizza. I'll definitely be back again and this time, I may check out one of their other pizzas. So if your not much of a burger person like me, don't shy away from this place, just choose wisely!
5	Best burgers hands down!.  Went there last Saturday and was greeted immediately by the wait staff.  I ordered the Shipwreck Burger and my friend ordered the Market Square Burger.  We shared them and agreed they were both delicious!!!  I am looking forward to going back for a wood fired pizza.The menu offers craft style burgers, pizza and salads with specialty toppings.  This place deserves nothing less than 5 stars IMO.  When the get their liquor license it will be all the better.
4	We loved this place.  I had the shipwreck burger and my wife had the margherita pizza.  Both were great.  Seriously one of the best burgers I have ever had.  The staff was friendly and helpful.
4	Tucked into a corner of Market Square is Winghart's. Don't be fooled by the exterior. They are getting their liquor license soon - maybe this week? Very exciting though the food alone is enough to bring you back.Waitress was incredibly friendly and low key. She is the type of person you could befriend easily after that one conversation. Ordered Shipwreck and not only was the burger huge but juicy and packed with a lot of flavor. I had split an order of fries but I could have done without given the quantity of Shipwreck. Oh man though, I made some room in my stomach for the fries after having one.Only con is that the space is small though since the weather has been nice we ordered out and ate outside.
4	Excellent burger. Whole set up was a little intense though ... Recommend doing as take out for a more relaxed way to enjoy an amazing burger. I felt like I inhaled a giant burger because I was sitting at the counter almost on top of the grill and was rushed to keep moving. There are only a few counter seats (6-7?) and a few high-top tables. Also - potato salad was ok, but reco sticking with the fries. Everyone was nice and fun...just limited space to have an intimate experience their burgers deserve.
3	Good, not amazing. Firstly, very limited selection of burgers. So be prepared to have what they think is good jammed down your throat. Next: Holy Fucking Shit no whiskey!?! Now, I promise to go back and re-review once the liquor license clears but Really?! To be fair, maybe I should have read some of the other reviews first and planned accordingly  b/c they are byob friendly until they become a licensed liquor provider.. Finally, I understand making you order up front during the lunch rush but I think they should take orders at the bar after five pm. It's just a little weird. The burger I had was quite good but by no means  the best in town (for that try brgr or burgatory). And the fries were super crispy. This is a personal preference thing but I dream about perfect fries all day and they're crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. If you added a good whiskey list (in the works) and the ability to order from any point along the bar, I'd probably give it four stars..
4	Very good burgers in a good location for the lunch crowd.  The space kinda sucks, though.  If it was 50% bigger it'd be a lot more successful.I was there when their ordering machine was down, so it was a bit of a cluster.  But to their credit, they kept the line moving.  There's next to no seating in here other than the bar and a few tables in the back.  If you're coming in here with much of a crowd...good luck.  Our group tried most of the burgers, and no one had any complaints.  The fries are delicious as well; some sort of parm-salt seasoning.  If you work downtown, you need to go here.
5	Of all the burgers I've had in Pittsburgh, this one is probably the best. A side by side taste test would probably prove so. The burgers are juicy, the meat is so good, and something about that bread. Oh and the delicious creations they make. I think they have about 6 different burgers on the menu, which may seem like much less than other burger joints in town. I have had 3 of the 6 and they are all so freaking delicious. The Shipwreck (namesake of the manager) is crazy good... with truffle aioli and gruyere cheese. Mouthwatering. The fries are pretty awesome too, fresh cut, and always crispy. It's a pretty good atmosphere for the restaurant's purpose. Being a burger joint in downtown, I would assume most business is for lunch. It is always packed, with a line out the door. If you can find a seat at the bar the over looks the kitchen, you get your burger handed to you wrapped in paper. No plates, eat yer meat, have some friendly conversation with the manager, and get on back to work or use your time to walk around the city. Take-out is a popular option there, as food is ready fairly quickly (unless you are one of those jerks that likes your delicious fresh ground meat burger well-done). The people who work there are always friendly... willing to joke and talk if you do find a seat at their bar. I wouldn't recommend a large group outing to stop here, unless your doing take-out... and avoid going right at 12:30 if ya want a seat for lunch.
5	Definitely the best burger I've had!Stopped here for a quick lunch during work and was blown away by the burgers. I chose to have the bleu cheese burger which was amazing! The hamburger bun, dressing, and quality of beef were all delicious. While this place doesn't have much seating, it's always easy to grab your burger and head out to Market Square to enjoy.
4	Winghart's vs. Tessaro's: FIGHT!When I heard that this new Winghart's place had better burgers than Tessaro's, it required an immediate visit. I tried the shipwreck burger (bacon, brie, carmelized onions, arrugula, truffle oil) and the Market Square burger (bacon, gruyere, mushrooms), as well as some fries. Here are my findings:Meat: Slight edge for Tessaro's. Both use very high quality meat ground in house, and both do a good job of cooking to your specification. Tessaro's meat is just a little bit better, though, and the char from their wood grill at adds a lot of flavor. Also, the Winghart's patty is rather greasy, whereas Tessaro's is not at all.Bun: Tessaro's buns are adequate, but Winghart's' buns are definitely better. They have some egg in them and sort of resemble challah or brioche. Quite tasty.Toppings: Winghart's is more inventive (see arrugula, brie, truffle oil above), whereas Tessaro's is more traditionalist. Both use high quality ingredients, so I suppose this just depends on personal preference. Push.Sides: Tessaro's does not have a deep fryer, so no french fries. Their sides are good, but potato salad and cole slaw are obviously no match for even decent fries. Winghart's' fries are fresh cut and fried hard, just the way I like them. They're WAY too salty, however - and this is coming from someone who likes salty fries. These were so incredibly salty that I needed to drink multiple glasses of water just to get them down. Due to this flaw, I'd rather have Tessaro's sides, but if Winghart's would just reduce the salt by half they would probably take this category.Price: Tessaro's burgers are slightly larger, and they come with sides; for the same amount of money at Winghart's you get a smaller burger and no sides. Also, I noticed aioli on the Winghart's menu and asked for some with my fries and they charged me $2 for a little cup of it! $2! Tessaro's definitely wins on price.Verdict: Based on burgers alone, Tessaro's is still the best, with Kaya and Winghart's not far behind.  Overall, I'd also say Tessaro's is better, but this could change if Winghart's takes the simple measure of putting less salt on their fries. Winghart's is a new place and still seems to be working out the kinks, while some say that Tessaro's is past its prime, so this comparison will be worth revisiting in six months or a year. We may yet have a new champion.
5	Best burgers in the burgh
4	As a big burger lover, when I visit a town I always make sure to visit a restaurant known for good burgers. Based on the reviews here and elsewhere on the internet, I decided to check out Winghart's. I am glad that I did because it was a very delicious burger.Wingharts is a pretty small place in Market Square, but it does have some outside seating which is helpful if you go at a popular time. The menu is small, basically just burgers and pizza. But since they do these so well they don't really need to add anything to the menu. I went with a burger with bacon and cheese on it and it was outstanding. Sometimes when you order a burger with bacon the bacon can overpower the burger, but not so here. The bacon was a perfect compliment to the very tasty patty.Only negative aspect of my experience is the waitress, while very nice, wasn't the most attentive waitress. But it wasn't bad enough that I would not come back or recommend it to others.
5	As a hungry visitor in the heart of Steelertown, what's a girl to eat? You get your arse down to Winghart's for a mean, messy burger, and an amazzzzzzzing side of fries served with a side of sass.Since I was looking for a kick ass meal that would take away my hunger pangs in an instant, appease my tastebuds and give me a true P-town welcome, this place hit the nail on the head. I should've known that Rachel C wouldn't lead me astray. Burgers were slapped right on the flat grill right in front of me. Mmmm, smell that? Bring on the beef!They're wrapped in butcher paper and given to you right after they're done cooking to the pinkness of your liking. Messy - so grab extra napkins, but baby, you best dig in deep!!Besides burgers there are some sandwiches and wood oven pizzas on the menu, again, all made right in front of you.Besides rockin' food, the staff is just awesome - a little quirky, a lot crazy, but nice, genuine and totally cool. Inside is a long narrow corridor, - aka the dining room, with a few tables in back and a bar that lines the grill. Rumor is they're expanding the upstairs?Cool artwork lines the walls - super cool artwork that's loud, edgy and for sale. Apparently the artist is down with doing custom pieces. Totally worth the price tag.Best part of my experience, hands-down, was the staff. You guys rocked my world, made me laugh, and really made me feel special while I stuffed my face like pig. Thanks for making my quick stop in PA memorable!
5	Wow, so glad that we stopped in for lunch based on the reviews.  My son and I had what we both describe as "the best burger we have ever had.". The meat is what makes it great. It tastes very fresh.  Then they put it on a nice toasted bun.  I am salivating just thinking about it.  My husband got a pizza and he loved it.  We don't live in the area, but if we ever make it back we will definitely stop by for a great burger!
4	So I FINALLY got my butt over to Winghart's after hearing word of mouth that the place was absolutely a-mazing.  I have to say, first off, that I love the atmosphere.  I've heard some people knock it because it's just a bar atmosphere, but where else do you want to eat your burger?  I certainly don't want my meat with cloth napkins and Tchaikovsky in the background (and I adore Tchaikovsky).  Anyway, I really enjoyed the restaurant/bar atmosphere.  The staff was very inviting, conversational, and humorously sassy.  It was a little stuffy inside (get some of that outdoor seating yo!) but I sat near the door so I could be more comfortable.I tend to do my research ahead of time when visiting a restaurant with much anticipation, so I already knew I was going to get The Shipwrecked Burger.  Hello white truffle aioli.  And hellllooooo bacon, cheese, and carmelized onions.  Now, unfortunately for me, the brie cheese on the burger was just too dominating a taste.  It has a very earthy flavor which overwhelmed the other toppings.  But I'm not the biggest brie fan, so that whomp whomp was on me.  However, I did feel that the burger was too greasy overall.  When my burger arrived I could already see grease saturated into both halves of my bun.  I'm all for decent fat content to enhance the quality of the beef, but at least for me, too much grease takes away from the flavor and causes everything to kind of mush together.  But I really am a fan of the creative combination for the burger, even though my palate couldn't appreciate the brie.  OOO, and also,  amazing fries!  Delicious fries with the skins still on.  I was so happy when I dug to the bottom of my burger basket and found the tiny little ends that fry up to an amazing crunch.  So I'm definitely going back!  Even though my first burger was a little off, there are still many more options to choose from!  Add in a fun atmosphere and yummy fries, and I'm pretty sure this place will soon become my favorite new Market Square spot.
5	Love this place! We've been wanting to try  it since it opened and finally got the chance tonight. I think one of the most memorable and I'd even venture to say my favorite part of my meal is overhearing a table ask for a Coors light and the waitress politely responded by saying they only sold craft beers and particularly tried to support other local business. They had me at hello and I didn't even order yet!I obviously had the shipwrecked. It was fab!! The plus 1 had the market square burger, also good but not as good as mine. The burgers were perfectly cooked and the flavors were spot on!How were the French fries you ask. Ha probably the best I've ever had...hands down.The owner stopped over after we were done to check in and shared the secret to the amazing fries, but it's a secret so I'm not telling.My only gripe is that I didn't really know what to do when I walked in. Should I look for a table, should I wait here..no worries I think they were focused on making some awesome food and being crazy friendly to the tables they did have.Oh and if you're wondering... I ate the whole damn burger
5	Thank you, Yelp, for pointing us to Winghart's when a burger craving hit during our vacation in Pittsburgh.  Delicious!  The owner is a trained gourmet chef, so he knows what he's doing.  But this is by no means a dressed up, dainty, fancy restaurant gourmet burger.  This is a burger that gets the basics right.  The meat is fresh and perfectly cooked, and the buns are great.  The add-ons were also good, but you almost don't need anything on this burger because the meat is so perfect. I love places where I can see my burger cooking.  The bar setting is complementary to the all-American menu, and you can't beat the Market Square location.Highly recommended.
5	In order to complete the "fancy burger" joint development in Pittsburgh I needed to go to Wingharts. I've been to Tessaro's for their standard one. BRGR for the Kobe Beef and Burgatory for a Bison. Ended up at Wingharts one Friday around 4:30. Having never been there the boyfriend and I walked in and didn't know if we grabbed a table if they had servers or what. So, we plopped down and waiting a good amount of time. We finally wondered since it's a bar if we were supposed to order up at the front. Our waitress appeared from outside (possible smoke break?) and came over and greeted us with a big personality and lots of helpful advice. The menu with a combination of burgers and fries and pizza is a fat kids dream. She advised us to get a little bit of everything and that is exactly what we did. We ordered a full Mattola Burger to split, fries and a Margherita pizza. What we got was a lot of food. Enough to take half the burger and some slices of pizza home. The pizzas themselves could be tackled by a hungry person. Not ridiculously large and would make a filling lunch. The fries were delicious. I took a bite of the Burger and was in heaven. All the other burger places were good, but this one was just so well done and simple. The pizza was very good, fun to watch the guy toss the dough right behind the bar. The feta cheese made it salty and oh so good. Our waitress informed us that they were planning on opening a southside location as well, which will be great. Working in the southside this addition would make an awesome lunch stop. I was blown away and when I'd read how good it was, I didn't expect for it to be THAT good. Run there now!
5	Great little place for a burger and beer! Had the Hula Burger and it was fantastic
5	I had lunch at Winghart's today and had the Shipwrecked Burger. After trying the Pub Burger at Meat and Potatoes last night, I wanted to compare the two. First, let me say that Pittsburgh must be burger central because both burgers are absolutely excellent. For meat, I'd give a slight edge to Winghart's. M&P definitely has better buns. Overall taste I'd give a very slight edge to the Pub Burger at M&P. However, the fries are better at Winghart's so the overall meal is a tossup. Basically, you can't go wrong either way. If you're looking for a slightly more laid-back environment, go with Winghart's. It's small, but the people are friendly and the food rocks.
4	We sought out Winghart's on the recommendation of Linda W who was kind enough to let us know about it. It was quite a bit smaller than I expected, even with my expectation of it being a hole-in-the-wall kind of burger joint. No worries though, as we were the only ones in there late that Saturday afternoon. The waitress was friendly and service was quick. She recommended the Shipwreck Burger and the Market Square Burger. We took her advice and added a basket of fries. I was a little disappointed that there weren't more choices for a place that is predominantly a burger place. There were 6 options, none of which were exactly what I was craving at the time. I would have appreciated an option to customize my own (like Burgatory). That's right, I said it. Fries were served first and I thought they were excellent. They had a sweet, yet salty flavor to them and are definitely in my top 5 list of fries around the city. The burgers were good - though I wouldn't say they're the best. Again, top 5 from what I've sampled. We ordered them both well-done, and they came out almost too well done. The toppings were good - very unique. I enjoyed the Shipwreck, however my wife wasn't thrilled with the sauce on the Market Square burger. I would certainly be up for going again, although we rarely make it down to that area of town. A solid 4 stars in my book.
5	Another Market Square review. As other reviewers have said, the place has really transformed in the last two years... and it will continue to do so.  Winghart's is a newer addition,  and a welcome one at that!I waited to review Winghart's, because several months after opening, they didn't have their licquor license and they weren't open on Saturdays. All that has changed. The burgers are a bit pricey, but they are huge and high-quality.  I get the Shipwreck with homemade potato salad almost every time.  I have also enjoyed their Market Square burger. My co-workers love the pizzas.Decent selection of draft beers and licquor for such a small place. All around, a four-star establishment.  Why the extra star? Because I enjoy watching Dr. Who with Shipwreck during my weekend lunch breaks. Worth it.
4	Since I have moved to Pittsburgh I have searched for a great pizza place.I found it at Winghart's.  The pizza head fresh ingredients and was fire grilled right in front of our eyes.  The beer selection was good.  My friend got the burger and it was HUGE.  The fries homemade.The space is small but adequate and their soundtrack made for a great dining experience.  I would definately go here again.
4	Wow!  What a burger.  I sadly did not have a chance to taste the whiskey of the month or the potato salad (which several people at the bar suggested had recently evolved to perfection) but I really enjoyed the rest of the meal.  The cole slaw was excellent and had that Pittsburgh blend of sour and creamy that we can't get out east.  Hats off to whomever put the first episode of ALF on the TV.
5	Really solid, huge burger with options for lots of vegetation. Good beer options for it's size. My friend got some impressive fancy whiskey. The employees were really cool and friendly. Overall a great experience. Could be better if they put real tables in the back.
4	I finally made it here after attempting the first time and having too big a group and not finding a way to fit us in because of the size of the restaurant.  My wife and I both had burgers and we really enjoyed them.  Sitting at the bar we could see how much care was put into each burger, and it's those little things that make the burger, which in this case was great.  Our bartender was more than happy to give us a taste of any whiskey, and their draft beer selection was diverse and unique.  The only problem is the size of the restaurant.  It's so small, there really isn't a 4 person table or even room for one.  If you have more than 2 people you might want to stay away unless you get lucky and there is enough room at the bar for everyone to sit together.  I though will definitely be returning for another burger, however it won't be with a group.
4	Hooray! A good burger!  Considering how this town prides itself on being not fancy and blue collar I was astonished at the general lack of a not mediocre burger. Winghart's exceed my expectations.  I had a Shipwreck pizza and the boyfriend had the burger with the truffle oil.  They were divine!  The dough on the pizza was crisp, an appropriate thickness for the toppings and didn't have too much corn meal on the bottom.  There was an absurd amount of bacon and meat in the chili.  I couldn't stop shoving it in my face.  The burger was cheesy and perfectly cooked.  The meat was moist.  SO MOIST.  The fries were also superlative.  Crispy and the right size.  The portions were huge.The whiskey was great.  They only serve double pours so be ready to roll out of there stuffed full of amazing and a little on the drunk side.  So now we come to the part of the review where I complain.  The place burns incense.  Honest to god it smells of Patchouli.  The number one rule of decorating a restaurant is you don't want anything that smells strongly because it detracts from the smell of the delicious food.The service wasn't bad per se, but she clearly had no experience with high end service (and considering the prices for the Burg, they ARE in the high end bracket). Now, the biggest issue was NO WHISKEY LIST.  You heard it right kids, NO LIST.  I am astonished. The waitresses response was "The whiskeys change too often for us to keep an up to date list".SHENANIGANS.If you have a laptop and a printer YOU CAN UPDATE THAT SHIT EVERYDAY.  The bar I work at has 50 billion beers and on some days over 10 beers are changed.  And guess what WE CHANGE THE MENUS EVERYDAY SOMETIMES MULTIPLE TIMES IN A NIGHT.  I refuse to accept that these people who made a delicious meal and opened an otherwise wonderful restaurant can't use a printer.So how DO you order a whiskey if there is no list?  You have two exciting options!  One: annoy the people at the bar by pushing in their space to get a look at the bottles.  Jumping to see over people optional.  Two: Ask the waitress.   Oh wait, SHE DOESN"T KNOW THE LIST.  So you end up just having to pick something and hope they have it. If you don't know what you should order, tough.You know what would make this easier?  A MENU.You won't be dissapointed.  I realize there was a good amount of complaining in this review, but it's still in my top 10 places in the Burg.  GO NOW!
2	How could I pass up the chance to have the best burger in Pittsburgh?  Well.....I dunno.  I was not really impressed.  Being a huge fan of anything with pineapple, I ordered a well done Hula burger.  Unfortunately for me, it arrived closer to medium rare.  I am not into blood red staring me in the face while I try to eat.  Of course, they were nice enough to throw it back on the grill and actually cook it.  But still, that kinda took away from truly enjoying my burger.  BJ got a blue cheese, which he enjoyed.  And their fries are very yummy.  One plus is the servers.  And even though our server messed up my burger order, she was very attentive and friendly.  Plus sitting at the bar, watching the cooking show was kinda fun.  Also, be forewarned, this place is a real dive.  I am sure when they open their Warrendale location, it will be much nicer.  I will save trying another Winghart's burger until that time.  Nothing about our experience will have me running back to Market Square for a burger.  Sorry to say.....
4	I kept hearing about it, and hearing about it, and reading about it...and finally had a partial day off from work on a weekday when I could actually USE my bus pass to get there and back home.  I'm not a whisky fanatic, but I am a primo burger whore.  And MAN, did I get my fix properly at Winghart's.I've read several reviews, some that criticized space, some that snarked at loud 'punkish' music, and some that didn't like the burgers.Well, first off, space is an issue.  This place deserves a bigger space with more tables.  If you go as a part of a group of four or more, you may be S.O.L. for seating, unless you take it outdoors to the seating in Market Square.  This space was for far too many years the number one nuisance bar in Market Square, where the doors were open at 6 am, and the local bums were there drinking at 6 am.  And it was just a bar...there wasn't room for anything else.  It's kind of still like that space-wise, but now it's a much better commodity for the neighborhood.  But I went alone, and can't imagine finding a 'group' to go with anyway, so it wouldn't be an issue for me.Second, the music...I don't know whose Ipod is playing, but it made me stop someone twice to ask who the artist was.  I'm a swing, big band, traditional jazz fan, so for me it was a treat to find out that Ricky Lee Jones has done a 'version' of the Squirrel Nut Zipper's 'Put A Lid On It' with completely different lyrics, and learned that They Might Be Giants do a cool version of 'Istanbul Is Constantinople Now'.  And the guy at the cash register was VERY cool to talk to about the music...and the food.So, I go in, and check out the menu.  The guy behind the register is helpful and friendly.  He tells me that during the lunch hours during the week, they don't have actual counter service, but to place the order at the register, and they'll call out the number when it was ready.I checked the menu, which has pizza, burgers, salads and soup, and 'create your own' burger and pizza.  I've always done the 'create your own' at Burgatory, but opted to try one of the Winghart's creations called the Mattola Burger.  The description read: "This one has been created for one of the butchers I apprenticed under.  Two 1/2 lb beef patties with applewood smoked bacon and American cheese."  There were two prices, one for $12.50 and one for $7.50.  When I asked about the price difference was, he told me that $7.50 was for a single patty.  Anytime I've been faced with a single versus double patty dilemma at most other burger places, the patties weren't really all too big, so I opted for the double patty, with some lettuce, tomato and pickles, and some mayo. (they didn't have dark mustard to marry to the mayo, which is my usual sauce of choice)  He asked how I liked it done, and I said medium rare, but how much does it lean toward 'rare', and the lady sitting next to where I was standing opened her burger and said 'This is medium rare.'  It had some pink, but I like them practically bleeding, so I asked for 'leaning more toward rare.'Then he asked if I wanted fries, chili or cheese...MMMMM...cheese fries.  He then warned me that it wasn't cheese 'sauce' but real cheese, so you kind of needed the chili to help melt the cheese.  Ok, I'm treating myself, so I'm going for it.I wasn't looking for a 'drink', and their sodas were all some kind of odd brand, so I opted for iced tea, which was brewed and not fountain.   I paid the bill, which was just under $20, and found a seat at the bar/counter until my number was called.Number 89!Here it came.  A burger in a paper wrapper in a basket, and another basket with the cheese fries.I peeled back the paper from the burger...HOLY COW!  Or rather...WHOLE COW!This burger was almost if not actually five inches tall, and it was NOT fluffed...it was BURGER!  And it was absolutely an amazing burger. It was ginormous, but it was cooked just right, the flavor was terrific, the toppings were the right level and complimented rather than masked, and I ate the whole thing, almost immediately feeling the onslaught of a food coma.Then I looked at the fries...I took a nibble...fogettabadit.  Can I get a to go box?  I learned my lesson.  There are TWO places now in Pittsburgh that make a legitimate burger where one patty is plentiful.  Burgatory...and even moreso...Winghart's.Winghart's has all of the right essence. Good food, nice staff, reasonable prices (honestly, $12.50 for the double burger is worth the price - it is HUGE...but the $7.50 for the normal size is extremely reasonable for the mass you're getting)If you are a drinker, they're quite stocked, and very knowledgeable about their beers and whiskies.My only complaint...space size.  I'm serious guys, break through a wall...rent the upstairs...you deserve the added business, and you have created a great product and a cool place to relax and enjoy it.  Save your pennies and GROW!
3	The boy and I have now been here twice and while I see why there are lines out the door, I will admit that I've had better burgers. It's a nice place if you're in the mood for something with red meat, but if you are in the mood for a really really good burger and you have a set of wheels you might want to drive up the Zeli. =)
3	I'm surprised at the high marks for this place.  I would give it a 3 for food and a 2 for service (because the staff was pleasant); otherwise a 1.  Went there today for lunch with 2 co-workers.  This was my first time there.  As everyone mentioned there is limited seating.  We sat at a long bar.  Who wants to eat in a cramped restaurant!.  Maybe dinner is more festive; but the bar looks like it has seen better days.  I asked if the pizzas would take much more than the burgers.  I was told it would take 10 minutes.  30 minutes later I received my pizza.  Found out the capacity of the oven is only 2 or 3 pizzas at a time.  I heard a backlog of 10 pizzas after mine.  That's over 30 minutes at lunchtime.  That's a joke!  The pizza wasn't bad; prefer Dewey's pizza. They couldn't afford plates or silverware!   My 2 co-workers had burgers.  Their response was it was OK; but 5 guys is better.  $38 for 1 pizza, 2 burgers and 3 drinks is no bargain.  The 8 ounce paper cups does wonders for ambience.  You order at the front and pay your bill and wait for your order.  I wouldn't expect much business in the winter.   For the same price I would recommend McCormick and Schmicks burgers.
4	I went with 4 stars. Burger was great. No frozen meat here. The burger was large as many have said but what I liked it wasn't THICK as some places can get when burgers are too big. I went with the Blue cheese and it was just the right amount, not all over the place messy. Fries were average to below average. I had many little ones that were over cooked. The bun was GREAT. Soft, fresh and tasty. The place needs a coat rack this time of year. The place is small but bar burger places are small and usually the best. I got a soft drink, 1 size fits all? and too small. They charged me for an extra burger somehow, didn;' even notice but they came over a few minutes later and took the extra burger off my charge. Would I go back , yes. just not for awhile due to dietary constraints.
1	What are people smoking before having such great experiences at Winghart's? Whatever it is must be the same stuff keeping White Castle in business...I gave Winghart's a shot with a coworker during our lunch break. We sat at the bar and watched the burger craftsman work his magic. The show would lead you to believe that you were in for a treat - not so fast.We were both very disappointed, so much so that neither of us finished. That is saying something for two guys who love to eat. The meat just did not taste right.  I'm not sure if it was an attempted unique flavor or just a bad batch of meat that made me wonder with each bite if I was to be the next mad-cow victim. Either way, I will never sign myself up to partake in another one of their burgers.If you need lunch in the square, hit Dibella's for a delicious sub, George Akin's for some excellent chicken, NOLA for a great steak salad, or Chipotle for an always enjoyable calorie load.
5	Went there for the first time tonight, as I came into Market Square to meet up with a friend interning at a local business and Yelp on my iPhone led me here.Initially, I was surprised the small size of the place. My friend and I stood awkwardly in the front, peering around, walked towards the back, realized it ended quickly, wondered about the staircase on the side, and then walked back to the front. After waiting awhile for an employee to notice us, I mentioned it was our first time there and how the seating/wait staff worked. She proceeded to give us menus and told us we could sit where we liked in the place (and no, the staircase isn't for us customers).Anyways, my friend and I went into the back once more, finding two seats at the side counter, with the waitress immediately coming up to us to take our orders. She gave some recommendations, drinks and food, in which I ended up getting an Imperial Stout and my friend a rum & coke (she plays safe). As for food, we ended up splitting The Boomer pizza (bacon, mushrooms, brie, caramelized onions, arugula, truffle aioli) and side order of fries.IT WAS SO GOOD. ALL OF IT.I was amazed. For a Tuesday night, there was a decent crowd of people (since it was so small, it definitely felt more crowded), but the drinks and food took no time to be delivered, and our server was very nice.The other fabulous part of the night was the man, who goes by the name Shipwreck. Talk to him, ask for his business card ('Shipwreck'), get stories out of him.That's all I got to say for now. I wanna go again.
3	Was told it is small.  Well it is tiny!   3 tables (give or take one) and about 12 seats at the bar.Loved the waitress, cheerful and peppy!The burgers are fresh and large.  Had the Double Bleu with bacon.  Oh yes it was juicy..run down the arms juicy...but over cooked.   Fries are fresh cut and very good.  Good place for lunch and a burger... some nice beers and a few people stopped in for the Whiskey.  You can sit at the bar and watch the chef working hard, never standing still.  Man he works hard.The brick oven pizza looked delicious...next time!
5	Simply great! The bf and I stopped in before the Detroit/Penguin game on the recommendation of a friend and from my research on Yelp! I am thrilled with our choice. We split a simple bacon cheeseburger and fries. Let me tell ya, it was the best I've ever had! My mother is a burger fanatic so I've had plenty from all over. I can't wait to take her here! The place itself is small, but that's the only thing that is! This place is ridiculously chock full of personality. From amazing food, to staff who really know their drinks, to Shipwreck, it's definitely worth checking out. Everything is made fresh and there is NO microwave anything! Simple menu of burgers and pizza that taste anything but simple. The staff can recommend a whiskey or beer or anything that is sure to please any palate!
4	Non-descript hidden burger and whisky joint in downtown Pittsburgh.  Like the feel and energy of the place - little gritty but homey and welcoming.  Friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff, great food and drink selection.  Had the margherita pizza and the shipwrecked burger.  Burger is beyond - definitely for that person with exquisite taste - brie, arugula, need I say more?  There are also lots of other selections of burgers to choose from based on your feeling.  I'm only in Pitt once so figured I go for the gold standard - and was not disappointed.
4	My Shipwreck burger was awesome.  Cooked medium as requested.  Good beers on tap.  This was a slower night since there wasn't a Penguin game and it was after Happy Hour...parking is difficult though.  Got to talk with the staff and owner.  Awesome people.  What makes this place great isn't just the food and nice selection of booze you can't always get in PA state stores (totally recommend the Old Port Rum) ......its the people that run it.  They are comfortable there, they are all friends, they make that place into a joint they would want to go to.  They aren't catering to a certain crowd just to make a profit.  They do it for the love of the restaurant and really make it their own.
4	I got the Shipwrecked Burger with brie, bacon, carmelized onions, arugula, and white truffle aioli - sublime! This burger was sooooo freaking delicious! The beef "looked like it was actually a cow" as my dining companion put it. Tender meat, huge burger, delicious accompanying flavors = so good!Beware though, there is not much room for seating at all (hence only 4 stars rating)
4	Had to come here after spending a lovely day in Juvenile court testifying. Of all the burger places in Pgh, I liked this one the best. The burger is messy and delicious, brimming with flavor. This is how a burger should be. I gave it four starts because the fries were not the be all end all for me. I would highly recommend it, and order whiskey next time.
5	Yum, yum, yum! These burgers are the bomb. My man and I went here to grab lunch one weekend, after hearing rave reviews, and Winghart's totally lived up to the hype! I had the Shipwreck Burger, medium-rare, and he had a cheeseburger with ketchup and pickles, well-done, because he's a baby. Anywho, my burger was awesome -- they toast the buns on the griddle, which i love, plus it was oozing with Brie, caramelized onions, truffle oil, bacon, and I don't even recall what else. I just know it was fantastic. The buns are large enough to hold the fairly large patties, but they're nice and light, so you don't feel like you're eating more bread than meat and toppings. However, I must admit that when our food came, I didn't touch my burger for a few mins, because I was gobbling up the fries! Their fresh cut fries are phenomenal!!! I couldn't get enough. There's malt vinegar sitting on the counters, too, so I splashed some on. Love, love, love fries with vinegar.I also must note their awesome on-tap beer selection (I had a hard pear cider), and whiskey selection, of course. They had a bottle of double black Johnnie Walker, which we'd never seen before, and our waitress (Crushin' D) was so kind as to bring the bottle over for us to check out, she told us a bit about it, and she poured a li'l sample for my BF to taste. She was also just friendly and all-around knowledgable, which I always appreciate.The space itself is pretty small, tight, and dark, but it totally works. It's the right ambiance for them! They do accept credit cards, and I saw a dude come in to pick up grub, so they do take-out too, which is good to know! All in all, Winghart's deserves top marks, and I'll definitely be back for more.
3	I ate here yesterday for lunch with a dining companion.  Luckily we made it to the restaurant fairly early and were able to get a seat at the bar as this restaurant is tiny.  There was not much decor to speak of but our seats right near the brick oven were awesome and allowed us to watch all of the food being made.  The restaurant was lively and there was a whirl of activity in the kitchen to watch.For lunch I had the Hula Burger while my dining companion had the Market Square Burger. We also split an order of their cheese fries.  The Hula Burger was good with the burger cooked perfectly but most of my toppings fell off while trying to eat the burger.  It all tasted pretty good although I wish it would have stayed together better.   The beer fries were also good with better than normal fries and a very thick beer cheese sauce.  They are definitely not your normal beer cheese fries.  My dining partner said that the Market Square burger was good as well.The bottom line for me is that the food was good here and the burgers tasted good.  I wouldn't call it the best burger in Pittsburgh but they were definitely good.  With all of that being said, I will probably head back in the future.
4	I've been meaning to get here for months, and finally last weekend I did!My hubby and I went around 3 on a Saturday. Even at that time it was crowded. I knew it was a small place, but it was REALLY small. Most of the seats are at the bar, so going with a larger group could be difficult. The servers were friendly are helpful, but the bartender took quite a while to pour our beers. On to the food... hubby ordered the Shipwreck and I got the Hula. We ordered both medium rare. They came out overcooked, but the meat was so good that we didn't notice that much. These aren't tightly packed, pre-mad patties, these are huge, juicy mounds of yumminess!. We also got an order of fries, which were handcut and delicious. Random things I noted:-Only salt shakers, but no pepper?? I like pepper on my fries!-Great music playing while I was there-Good selection of interesting beers on tapWe'll be back!
5	There's now a virtual tie in my mind for the best burger in Pittsburgh.  This place is hands down the best place to go to satisfy that craving for a grease bomb of a burger.I had the pineapple with onions and BBQ sauce.  Messy, delicious, just what I wanted.I tried the brie and truffle aioli burger as well.  I wasn't a big fan of brie on a burger, but you could taste every component and the concept was pretty cool.The fries were delicious.  Bigger than shoe strings, but definitely smaller than steak fries, they reminded me a little of Five Guy's fries.The seating kind of sucks.  I would say this is more like a bar that serves awesome burgers (as opposed to a restaurant with a bar).  The decorations on the walls were cool and added to the atmosphere.
4	GREAT little dive-y burger bar located in a sea of restaurants the surround Market Square.  Definitely not the flashiest place on the block, but they serve up some killer burgers!The main seating at this place is along the bar, which I'd highly recommend, as you can watch the cook fire up an array of beefy masterpieces.  I ordered the Shipwrecker--could I really resist brie, bacon, and white truffle aioli?  One of the best burger's I've had in a while--perfectly cooked to medium, great bun, and you could tell that the toppings were high quality.  Fries are also delicious, although I kind of wish I would have ordered a side of the aioli to dip them in!If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd for sure find a way to be a regular here!
3	I'm sad to say I was rather underwhelmed with my first visit to Winghart's. I had the Livingsocial coupon to use and was excited to go, but I'm not sure I'll visit again.I had the Market Square burger. It was okay. Was it $9 okay? Nope. Especially considering that $9 doesn't include fries or chips or anything. The beef didn't have much flavor to it, and for a medium-well burger it was pretty dry. Cheese was flavorless really. Bun was untoasted and dry. I'm not impressed. I asked if they had Pepsi or Coke, the server said all they have is some generic Cola. That's it.I also ordered a "side" of chili. Now I saw on the menu that they have chili for $6, what I assumed was a bowl of chili. I asked our server, "Can I have just a side of chili? Something smaller than the regular portion?" I really just wanted a cup of chili so I could see how it was. She said "Yeah, you can get a side." Now when we get the bill I realize she gave me the $6 portion of chili. I guess it was a misunderstanding, but I don't know how much more clear I could be about wanting a side of chili.  The chili was good...lots of beef, just a bit of beans, good flavor. Wish it was a bit spicier, but I like my chili spicy, so that's a persona preference. Was it $6 good? Not really. It was much too small for the price in my opinion.We also tried the fries, which I will say were pretty good. These are how you WANT Primanti's fries to be...thick, nice and crispy, just the right amount of greasy. These were the only things that were reasonably priced on the menu, although in my opinion they ought to be included with your burger.Now, the restaurant itself...First off, I know the place is "edgy" and all, but I was surprised at the presentation. This place is rather rough around the edges. Mismatched, wobbly tables and chairs, not much room for dining in to begin with although it seems they may be expanding upstairs? Really the place looks more like an old dive bar than a new restaurant. We had our baby with us, and now we know this is NOT a good place to bring a young'un. Our table was positioned in front of a big refrigerator (in the dining space? Really?) and someone apologetically asked my husband to move so he could put a big tray of raw burgers into the fridge. I mean, come on. In addition, EVERYTHING is disposable. Paper cups for our "cola," plastic forks for my chili (yeah, no spoons, just forks...), paper cup for the chili, paper tray for the fries...tacky (even for a bar), not to mention incredibly wasteful. If I'm paying $9-12 for a burger, I'm pretty sure you can spring for real plates.All in all I'd say this bar/restaurant is about 80% bar, 20% restaurant. Not a good place for groups, not a good place for kids. Since Burgatory is pretty much my gold standard for burgers now, I'm gonna have to say thumbs down in the burger department here. BUT, I do still wanna try their pizza, and the chili and fries were definitely good, so they sit at 3 stars for me for now. They have a really cute concept here, the menu is funny and charming...it just needs a little polishing.
3	I'm going to preface my review with this...I don't like burgers (veggie or otherwise).  I've heard great things about Wingharts so I took some coworkers down here for lunch knowing I would be ordering a pizza.  We tried to go early because I've heard it gets really busy at lunch.  Unfortunately, the line at 11:45 was about 10 people longer than the line at noon.  I also didn't realize that they have almsot zero seating except a few small tables at the back and the bar seating.  We didn't want to sit at the bar because of the long line that wraps around right behind you, so we opted for our food to go.  The place definitely has a Primanti's type feel to it.  Wait in line, order at the bar, crowded, limited to no seating at lunchtime.  I'll do takeout next time I go.I went with the Tatonka Chicken Pizza.  Good but not great.  I loved the chicken sausage on it which had a great bite but it needed more chicken on it.  Some of my slices didn't get any chicken!  My other gripe about the pizza was that it was a little on the salty side.  I think it was a result of the blue cheese being very salty but who knows.  My coworkers both ordered the Sweet Georgia Brown but when we got back to work, we discovered that one of their pizzas was missing the barbeque chicken.  Oops.  Overall, a little bit of a letdown given the rave reviews on yelp and personal accounts from friends but I'll be back.
4	Best veggie burger around. The staff was very sociable and welcoming. The guy on the grill was awesome - got all of the temps dead on. I only give it four because  seating is tight and they do not take reservations.
4	I like this place. My friend and I came here for dinner and some drinks on a cold friday night. They have an interesting but small beer selection. I was able to find a couple beers that were quite good though. I am not much of a liquor guy but I tried a sip of the whiskey my friend got and it was quite tasty.I got the Hula burger. It was decent. The fries were also pretty good.I felt pretty cramped eating at the bar though and the platter they served the burger and fries on wasn't really big enough for the food given. It also was pretty freezing inside, especially when the door opened.The bartender was very friendly and enthusiastic. All of the staff were very nice and personally say hello to you as you walk in from behind the bar. One problem I had with the service was that my burger came about 10 minutes before my friend's pizza. I know we were sitting at the bar, but it would be nice to get our food at the same time. The music selection and atmosphere inside were both great.Overall I would definitely come back for a casual meal and drink. Perhaps when the weather is better. Im not sure if they have outside seating but that would be a plus.
5	This is hands down the best burger I have had in pittsburgh, ever.  Everything is so fresh.  The fries are perfect.  My boyfriend got the Bleu cheese burger, he loved it.Whenever someone says they're going to burgatory I immediately steer them towards Wingharts.  It's better, it's the same price, and the company is divine.  Sure, it's a little small but they serve whiskey, burgers, and pizza.  It's perfect for the man in anyone's life and prefect for a the lady if she's not a "dainty" eater.
4	Loved it!It was definitely up there with the best burgers I have had, ever! Not just in Pittsburgh. I like the simplicity of this place. Simple burgers, simple bar, everything from seating to ordering. I had the Denny Double blue burger cooked medium. The meat tasted really super fresh and the burger was cooked to perfection. nice and juicy and not compacted. The meat was super tender compared to some other burgers where the meat may be cooked correctly but the patty was packed together too hard. The buns also tasted really fresh. The special lady had a veggie burger, what a bore. Just kidding I tried some and would even consider getting those in the future. I said to her, this almost tastes like falaffel (not sure if I spelled it correctly and spell check didn't figure it out). And apparently that is what some of the ingredients are. They have wine, they have whiskey, they have beer. All the components that I need to come back on a regular basis it wasn't overly expensive either. I would hate to forget to mention the waitress that we had, we didn't sit at the bar because it was full. She was very attentive and polite and we didn't wait long at all for our order to be filled.Go check it out for yourself sometime.
5	Great burger but service could improve.  Had the shipwrecked and it was awesome.  Waitresses will disappear at points and there's not really that much room to sit.  Still it won't stop me from regularly going there.  Burger was cooked to order and delicious.  Wouldn't mind having a few cheaper beers though as PBR is the only beer that doesn't cost ~6$.  Atmosphere is pretty cool too, dark with a cozy bar.
4	Burger was great, fries were great, service was fantastic. Really friendly staff who offered great suggestions. Good job, Winghart's, now just make sure you pay your great staff enough to keep them around!
4	So, I'm really unsure on how I want to start this review because I feel rather conflicted. I came into this restaurant with high expectations (formed mostly by my own interest) and was hoping I would come out in love. Well, I was in love, but not in as much love as I was hoping. The burgers - Definitely fresh and quality A meat, but my only (and it's somewhat small) disappointment is the over-seasoning of the meat. The beef is great on its' own and didn't need to be masked by the additional seasonings. The bun was excellent (fresh and almost sweet) and went well with everything. It was a bit sloppy -- but what burger isn't? Overall, I loved mine and I got the shipwrecked.Other food - I got coleslaw because I was very hungry, and it was quite good. It came in a Styrofoam container that resembled something from a fast-food joint, and for the price of everything, I wasn't fond of the lack of presentation. The fries were great, simple and homemade, but I do have one minor complaint. While they were good (and I'd take them over most other places), they lacked any seasoning and I felt like what was in the meat could have been utilized more on the fries.The place - Very cool and hip. It's a mix between casual with high-end tastes. It's very small though. Walking behind the bar is tight and there are only a small handful of tables. I think this added to it's downtown uniqueness, but it seems like it can't accommodate it's own popularity.Overall, I really enjoyed it and I will be back. Again, I had high expectations and a slightly underwhelming experience, but 4 stars (almost 3 at times) is all I can muster. I will definitely be back, because at the end of the day, it's a burger joint and it does them well.
5	Ok, no seriously, this isn't hype, it's love.For months I have heard about Winghart's and their burgers.  So finally I have a chance at checking it out myself and it was pretty flipping sweet.  We walked in and were immediately greeted by the SUPER friendly wait staff.  I didn't even need a menu since I had checked them out, I wanted the Shipwreck burger.Shipwreck was there and he came over and talked to us while our burgers cooked.  Now here's how I knew I was blown right out of my body.  Mid-conversation the cook placed the burger basket in front of me and I went for my first bite.  All I remember is Linda W. and Shipwreck continuing the conversation while my entire world came to a screeching halt.  Out of nowhere all of my senses converged around an explosion of flavors and textures that only happen once in a blue moon.  Yes folks.  It was that good.  I mean, in hindsight I probably looked funny.  There I was mid conversation all lively and attentive and then the next thing you know it is taking every ounce of self control from taking more bites before properly chewing and eating the bite I had already taken.  Like seriously in my head ... I could have jumped into a pool filled with Shipwreck burgers and wrestled for a world title. (Yes the visuals are ridiculously disturbing...but it was that much of a positive assault on my synapses).Ok.  So onto the objective portion of the review:  the burger was excellent quality.  The cheese (brie) was properly melted and tasted like a high quality brie should.  The caramelized onions were sublime, perfectly browned and sweet.  The bun was warmed and soft.  The bacon was savory and chewy (not a fan of burnt bacon) and the hamburger itself ... that's darn good meat.  Overall each of the flavors played with each other and took their turns playing with the palate.  The burger cooked medium well was closer to medium than well done (kudos to the cook!) so the juices were still flowing which added to the desire of eating faster since the messiness was OH SO GOOD.In addition to the burger I got to try their fries which were also yummy good.  Peanut Oil made for awesome fried texture and the sugar(at some point in the preparation) gave the sweet salty combo that made this fries (still tasking like fries should) have a unique taste.  Almost like a distant cousin of sweet potato fries ... just still clearly potatoes.I can't wait to go back and try a different burger.  I'll have to force myself to do so and also try their pizzas.  This is easily one of those situations where the tempting to sticking to the same rapturous meal might be too strong, haha.
4	Oh dear nom of all things that are nom!Gluten free? Yes please!Aside from having a really good craft beer selection, they have an enormous whiskey selection too. Yes, even Bulleit and Buffalo Trace. I got the 1lb burger (no bun, I don't eat that no more) and had it cooked rare. This is so far the best rare burger I've had in recent memory! One pound of ground meat smothered in cheese and mushrooms. Hang on, I just drooled on my keyboard...And then the french fries! If I could drown them in the malt vinegar I would have been even more in heaven. (I can't eat the vinegar ya see? They do have it.) These are those crispy, thin, slightly thicker than shoe-string fries. I hear the pizza is pretty good too.The only reason I can't give it a five star rating is the difficult eating space. I'd really suggest showing up early to have a drink or two and then take your burger to go. There's probably like 20 seats total (the majority at the bar) but I have no problem saying I'll go back if someone wants to join me!
5	I went with my boyfriend and another couple last night. I had honestly never heard of it, but the other couple was responsible for choosing the restuarant this time. We started the night off with a beer - I had the one that was "similar to a Blue Moon" (very good, and lighter than a Blue Moon!), my boyfriend went for the seasonal Cider Ale. It literally tasted like apple juice, fabulous.I don't know what came over the four of us, but we were bottomless pits last night. We sarted off with two pizzas, the margharita and the chicken sausage. Both were great - the crust was perfect in my eyes.Then we all ordered the Shipwrecked Burger. Holy Cow. So. Good. If you like your burgers juicey and flavorful, you will love this. Brie, carmelized onions, aruglua?  I grew up eating medium rare meats, but I went with medium (everyone else went well-done). I guess they prepare the meat there so it's safer to eat more-rare, next time I plan to go medium-rare. The waitress said the fries were good, so we got two orders. And yes, they were very very good. Ketchup not needed.The manager came over and spoke with us. I love when this happens. She was very friendly and told us a little about the secret behind the fries. I don't care about secrets - I just want more!I can't wait to go again, and am very excited for the Southside location to open up - I hear there is an expanded menu!
2	Here is why I am rating this only two stars when I love the food:  We got there earlier than usual on a Friday night (around 7), and there were no seats at the bar, which is where we've been lucky enough to sit in the past.  So we are seated in the way back by the bathroom  Would be okay, except that I can SMELL that urinal cake smell from the bathroom.  I get that they need to seat people back there, but they have to keep it CLEAN.  I am smelling bathroom odors and my husband is smelling garbage odors from the trash can right next to us that is OVERFLOWING with garbage.  Seriously?  There is garbage on the floor right next to where we are seated.  Between these two things, we considered leaving, but we thought the people next to us were going to be leaving soon, and we figured we could grab their seats.  I got a whiskey, and it was seriously a much, much smaller pour than I've gotten in the past.  I didn't love our waitress.  She mixed up my order with my husband's.  (I ordered my burger medium rare and got it medium well, and his medium well burger was served to him medium rare.)  She came to check on us, but obviously didn't care what the answer was, because my  husband's answer of, "Good, except...." was cut off promptly as she walked away.  I love sitting at the bar, and I love their burgers, but to sit in the back with the servers was painful!  Oh, and leaves of lettuce had fallen out of the refrigerator that is right there in the table area, and I watched the servers walk past them about ten times without sweeping anything up.  It was just one of our worst restaurant experiences in a while, and it was really disappointing and icky.
2	We weren't sure what to do for dinner, and after all the rave reviews, we decided to try Winghart's. I guess I didn't read enough reviews because I was a bit taken back by the place. To say it's small is an understatement. It's quite divey, which I don't mind, but just wasn't expecting. I am not a fan of paper plates or plastic utensils unless I am on a picnic. But enough about the negative. The wait staff was friendly, which is always a plus. I ordered a bacon cheese burger and fries. The burger was extremely juicy but not as flavorful as I had hoped. The fries were right on target for me. Overall, it wasn't the best burger, but it definately wasn't the worst.
4	Very cool underground atmosphere. Staff are incredibly cool and laid back while still very  attentive. Food was delicious. It's one of those spots that only the locals know about that initially appears uninviting, but once you make it inside, it's like you're one of the gang, and don't want to leave. Another cool place to hang in Pittsburgh.
4	Great spot with a lot of character right in Market Square.  The joint is compact with a few high tops and seating at the bar but damn is it homey. The staff is super low key but attentive and very friendly.The food is topnotch.  Burgers are fresh and juicy with a great and original variety of toppings.  I started my first visit with the Market Square Burger which totally hits the spot with the great combo of potent Gruyere Cheese, thick smoked bacon and tender mushrooms.  The rest of the table enjoyed the Double Blue which looked smothered in Blue Cheese and just a juicy and a veggie pizza which also received positive reviews.The fries are right up my alley coming from a life in Maryland growing up on Thrasher's Boardwalk fries!  These are hand cut and heavy on the sea-salt with loads of Malt Vinegar they are perfect!They also offer dozens of bourbons and whiskeys with a small but varied taplist of unique American Microbrews.I will be visiting for a hearty dinner many times over.
4	I felt like a big man in a small coat ;-) Okay - this place is small but perfect for my buddy and I on a Saturday Afternoon.   I have always wanted to check this place out and this seemed like the perfect time.We sat down and I ordered some of their high-end shots of whiskey.    The first one was called Yam... something (okay - I was having a good day and all I remember was that there were a lot of syllables) and it was very good.    I met the owner named "Shipwreck" and tried their topshelf whiskey.   It was very good - a hint of smoke but still very good.   I believe that was fate because I knew if I kept drinking those - I would be shipwrecked!The burger was very good.   I told the gents cooking my food (they saw me taking a picture) that I was a Yelper.  This helped because my buddy Brett - wrote a review and was there prior to me getting there had a different experience.Overall - I would recommend for beers / whiskey and a burger.   I will be back :-)Food - Great!   I enjoyed by burger and fries.Service - Awesome - our server even tried to get my buddy a candle for his burger - that would have been funnyPrice - I can't really tell - I ordered some high end shots which skewed my bill.  I think the burgers were about $10...
5	Moving to Pittsburgh and living in Bloomfield the first place I heard about was Tessaro's, "Yinz gotta try TessAros, best burger in Pixburgh!"  Ehh, okay, , not real juicy, not much flavor, but a sort of  solid burger (I think this place gets too much credit because it has been around so long).  Then came BRG, in my opinion as good or better than Tessaro's, though a bit inconsistent.Then there was Burgatory, best burger I had in Pittsburgh and one of the best ever, i didn't think for Pittsburgh it would get much better than that.  Little did I know that Winghart's was just waiting for me.My wife and I decided to have the same burger, the Mattola, you know traditional, beef, bacon and cheese.  This was the best burger I have ever feasted on.  Not overly seasoned (if at all) just enough and the flavor of the beef shined.  The bacon was plentiful and crispy and the cheese perfectly melted.  The fries were also damn good, perfect fries for the supplied malt vinegar...The beer selection, though small, was solid. The atmosphere was what I like, small, dark and laid back.I will be back and probably sooner than later.
2	You will like this place if you like a wild crazy atmosphere.  But I went for lunch and at lunch time I prefer a calm relaxing atmosphere.  We walked in early (about 11:45) and were told that we could sit where we wanted but we had to order at the bar.  I ordered the salad a la Pittsburgh with water to drink and it came to about 12 bucks.  We got the last table.  The place is tiny so I'd recommend if you're going for lunch you get there at 11:30 or take your food to go.  The place is loud and noisy with loud music and waiters screaming out order numbers.  As for the food, my friend got a burger without a bun.  It was very greasy. With no bun and the burger wrapped in paper and no plate, it was quite messy.  Because of all the fat in the burger her initial reaction was that it was very good, but by the end she was overcome by the grease. I odered the salad as I mentioned.  It came in a cardboard box with grease soaking through the bottom because I ordered my salad with beef, which turned out to be the greasy hamburger meat.  We ate with flimsy plastic forks and knives.  Initially, I thought the salad was great, but I was also overcome by the grease before I could finished.  I realize that grease/fat makes burgers more tasty, but I don't think the food was good enough to compensate for the stressful atmosphere and high prices.  Burgers start at $8.50 without fries.I think this is probably a good place to go if you like a loud bar atmosphere and greasy burgers aren't  trying to eat healthy and don't mind crazy prices.
4	3.5 actually. I say 3, my boyfriend says 4. Went here couple nights ago for a late dinner with a couple friends, didn't realize there were like no table seating, just bar stools. Nobody in the place, and the fry cook was already cleaning up. But they were supposed to be open for another couple hours anyway. We all ordered burgers: Shipwreck, Tallulah Hula, Market Square burgers. The cook, since the grill was just behind the bar and we could watch him make everything, was complaining the ENTIRE time we were there. It was funny though, watching him whip up delicious burger while cursing at no one in particular. The burgers are delicious though, I think better than BRGR and Burgatory, without the ridiculous wait and pretentiousness. And they sure are serious about their whiskey. I would skip the fries though, over-cooked and nothing special.I give it a 3, because the venue is a little dirty looking and very small, also sitting at the bar wasn't too comfortable. But my boyfriend loved everything about it, so I think it's for a very specific niche group of people. Definitely a guy place.
4	The restaurant (bar) is Small and narrow and we almost didn't stay. We figured with so many good reviews - let's give it a try. We were glad that we did! The staff was friendly and the burgers and the fries were great. The menu is limited, but if you want a good burger - this is your place.
5	Try the Shipwreck.   Really just get a burger and you'll be set!  I'm seriously considering moving to Pittsburgh!
5	I travel often for business and always look for the local place, not the chain restaurant names.This place was a solid choice. The burgers are insanely huge and excellent.  I got a burger with blue cheese and the works.  Next time I'm in Pittsburgh (which is often given the shale business), I will be visiting Winghart's again.
4	We went to the Southside location on Friday to use our Living Social coupon.  The place is a few doors down from Local on Carson Street.  The atmosphere is pretty cool.  We started with a few beers from a pretty extensive menu.  Our waiter Carl rocked!  When I knocked over my draft, Carl was over in seconds to help.We started with chili cheese fries which were more than enough to share.  The chili was good.  I plan on sampling a bowl soon.We both had burgers and they were very very good.  Cooked perfectly and very tasty.  I'd put this in the same category as BRG.   Since it is closer to us than BRG and Burgatory we'll be back to see ol Carl whenever we are in the mood for a good burger.(I did not get to sample any whiskey but it looked like they had a ton to sample)
3	Winghart's is a relatively small place, but has a ton of whiskey to drink! If you're visiting you can take your drink to the edge of the overhang outside the entrance.Their kitchen is appended to the bar at the very far end. They have a limited selection of beers here in addition to the variety of hard alcohol, which appears to be the businesses primary focus.The bartenders were extra friendly and provided us with excellent service during our visit here.
4	There are a lot of reasons not to go to Winghart's: it's the size of a postage stamp, so you're lucky to get a table, parking is...challenging (the closest metered parking is 25 cents for 5 minutes). And yet? When we talk in my house about the best burgers we've had in Pittsburgh, we talk about Winghart's. The burgers are tasty, full of flavor and they're only the beginning of the menu: I am still a sucker for the Pittsburgh salad, complete with fries, so that's what I had (in addition to several bites of a Hula Burger).  You might think about going somewhere else that's easier to get to or has a table waiting: don't settle. It's worth it.
5	Hands down best burgers in Pittsburgh. They can do no wrong. I have been there on two different occasions and they have wonderful customer service and amazing food. What more can you ask for?
3	Winghart's Burger and Whiskey Bar does what it's name implies very well and fails at everything else.  They have a great whiskey selection and KILLER burgers.  The burgers are huge, reasonably priced, inventive and the patties are surprisingly savory and don't sit in your stomach like rocks like some greasy burgers.  They also offer pizzas, salads and sandwiches on the menu, all of which are unfortunately either typical american faire or blandly prepared.I got the "Winghart Attack Pizza" with chilli, cheddar and bacon, which sounded like the holy grail of culinary perfection!  In fact, it was unbelievably boring and tasteless.  I'm still shocked, how could pizza, chilli, cheddar and bacon not be great?  But they managed to make it taste like it was prepared in a high school cafeteria and left under heat lamps.The place is dive, it's small, cramped, poorly decorated, and they only have one or two tiny tables, so plan on eating at the bar.  To be clear, the burgers and whiskey are excellent and fairly priced, and if you go for that you will not be disappointed.  If you expect atmosphere, you venture out into the rest of the menu, you do so at your own peril.
4	It's always nice to meet people who take pride in their work. I came here for some whiskey after a Pirates game. The bartender (Chris, I believe) took great pride in his recommendations and service. There should be more places like this in New York. If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again, I would make an effort to get back here.
3	I want to be amazed by Winghart's - I really do. Blame it on the non-meat eating thing that I wouldn't fall in love with a burger joint. But my rating is based on the whole package, which needs some help. First, the layout is totally confusing. It's a logistical nightmare in fact. It looks like you should order when you walk in, because they hand you menus. But, if you're sitting in the back, they'll give you table service. And last time I was in, they were showing the Sci Fi channel on TV and there was no music. Just ... kinda weird. Second, they now have a liquor license. They have ~6 beers on draft, and a nice selection of whiskey (which, by the way, if you order a booze they don't have - they will assert that they are a whiskey bar and that's why they don't have something). The beers are stupid overpriced, however. I've been to literally the best beer bar in the world, and even they aren't this ridiculous. And what the heck is an 8 oz pour? Beers for babies? Example: I had a Rogue Chipotle. 5.5% ABV. 8 oz pour. $6. Come on now. Third ... my veggie burger was deep fried. I wonder if they could do it on the grill - will have to request next time. The fries are really tasty though. Hand cut. Fourth (and final, I promise): A group of four came in looking to grab a quick drink. The two girls working behind the bar first said order with the one, then order with the other. Go ahead a grab a table. No, just order at the bar then go get your table. You're confused? Me too. So, on 2 draft beers and 2 vodka cranberries, the group left "$1 and change". I know this because the server complained about it in front of the bar, and bar customers after the group left. I'm definitely going to try the South Side one, because I feel like maaaybe this location is just being pushed to the wayside, which is unfortunate because it has a TON of potential. Market Square is in the midst of a 360 degree reinvention and it would be nice to keep this place as a stable go-to with just a couple improvements.
5	I've been meaning to write this for a while.I was in Pittsburg back in March for an Engineering conference. The first day, after a full day of flying from California running on almost no food, the group that I traveled with were very hungry. Walking around downtown Pittsburg we came across Winghart's Burgers. Our group was relatively large, but the staff was really nice and still seated us. Our group couldn't all sit together, but that was fine. The waitresses and cooks were extremely friendly! This definitely wasn't California haha. One of the waitresses sat down with us and told us about the menu, and how their ground beef was never frozen nor microwaved. I ordered a double patty one pound burger (it was huge!!). After we ordered and while we waited for food the waitress super friendly and continued to chat with us about the town, since we were new. And we talked about California as well. We got the food. First, the fries were really good! They were fresh cut, seasoned well and tasted great! next was the burger. The fresh burger was awesome! They say it was never frozen, and I think that definitely put it as one of the top burgers I've ever eaten. If I ever make it back to Pittsburg (PA, not CA), Winghart's Burgers will definitely see me again!
4	I had high expectations and Winghart's delivered. Staff has been polite and friendly each time I have gone. The fries were average, but the burger was amazing.
3	So after running around the city doing the Pittsburgh Challenge and being carb deprived, Wingharts seemed like a good choice for an early dinner!  We walked up to the small restaurant/bar and grabbed a table outside.  The menu consists of burgers, pizza and a couple salads.  Although standard offerings each one has a unique twist.  We started off with some fries and I ordered the veggie burger.  The fries were delish (how many bad fries have you really had though) but the burger was lacking.  The patty was dry and condiments didn't bring much to the table.  For my first taste of carbs in a while, I was underwhelmed. My friend got the cheese pizza which kinda looked like a cafeteria pizza. She said it wasn't anything to write home about. Pros: Love new restaurants in market square, outside sitting, full bar, good friesCons: A bit underwhelming taste wise.  Fries don't come with your burger so you end up spending about $11 for a veggie burger which seems steep to me. Overall:  I will definitely sit outside and people watch in station square but I am not rushing back.
1	Greasy food, dirty, & dingy atmosphere. Their "Sweet Georgia's" was nothing special at all. I've had way better. I was very disappointed after seeing all these good reviews on Yelp. To make matters worse, I saw all the oil and dirt on the counter tops while eating and all the violation of health codes around the cooking materials and floors. Took a bite and left. On the way out, the waitress told us it was her fave pizza. I suddenly felt sorry for her. She obviously has not traveled outside of Pittsburgh nor tasted what a real good pizza is.
5	One of the best places to eat downtown.  It is one of our favorites for a takeout lunch during the work day or a great place for a meal and a beer after a long day at the office.  The food is extremely fresh and well prepared.  Also, since they specialize in burgers and pizza, the food is always served quickly.  I love that the owner chooses to use fresh, local, natural ingredients and does not simply serve boring pizzas and burgers.  Everything on the menu is original and tastes great.  My only complaint is that the place is very small and gets crowded quickly, but that is only because the food is so good!
4	Incredible burgers. Go here!
5	I have been to the South Side location a few times, and I decided that I needed to go to the original to see where it all started.  I was not disappointed.The food was amazing, the burgers were cooked perfectly, and my mother and I even tried out a pizza.  Usually I hate olives, but the Rachel Goes to Greece pizza, which has plenty of them was absolutely delicious.  Wingharts makes an amazing burger no matter which location you go to; however, I think I like the South Side location a little better simply because it is bigger and more comfortable.  But then again, nothing beats that classic rough bar feel that the original gives off.  The staff was also very pleasant and friendly.  They loved he fact that my mom and I put down an entire pizza and two hamburgers. DELICIOUSLY PERFECT!!
5	Best burgers in the city - hands down.  I like to think that I know burgers.  Whenever I go anywhere, I try their burger.  I had been in the clan that thought that Tessaro's had the best burger, but they will have to admit defeat.  Wingharts (do you pronounce the "h" or is it a silent "h"?) wins!I had the Shipwreck burger which combined the best medium rare meat with melty, deliciou brie.  I think most things would be better with brier, but sadly it is not on the table in restaurants to add to things like salt or ketchup.  It should be.  It also had bacon, truffle aioli, carmelized onions (that might be the best carmelized onions I have ever had - I didn't know that was something that could be better than the normal awesomeness that is carmelized onions, but these are it) and arugula.  All in all, everything was perfect.  Seriously.  Nothing to complain about at all. M had the veggie burger which I had been very tempted to get and since the brie burger was definitely not on the diet, I will get the next time.  It was a falafel patty that was awesome with artichoke spread, arugula, feta cheese and olives.  She also got fries, cooked in peanut oil and awesome. I am going back next week.  Can't wait!
5	If it Winghart's is not the best burger place in Pittsburgh it is certainly very competitive. The service has been extremely friendly and helpful each time I have been there. It feels a little less corporate than BRGR. I got the feeling that the people who work there really like working there. Probably because all three times they brought it up how it is such a great place to work. It's cool to see a place where people like what they do.
4	Shipwreck Burger was dynamite. Big enough to split, if you are not super hungry. Not a lot of seating, if the weather is inclimate.
5	In sum, best burgers in town. I can proudly state this as fact and not an opinion. The service was excellent. The atmosphere was very unpretentious and has a laid back feel to it. I loved it. I never dabbled with bourbon before. The helpful bartenders did not lead me astray! I tried a few different types- the angel's envy Kentucky straight bourbon was my favorite. Just remember to sip if it is your first time, like me. I did sip it that night but ended up purchasing it weeks later. I regret drinking it so fast- 'nuff said.The food. What can I say? The burger is juicy, rich, and perfectly cooked (MOO!).I ordered the shipwrecked- my fellow yelpers did not steer me wrong. The shipwreck has Brie cheese, crispy bacon, caramelized onions, arugula, and white truffle aioli. Oh and the hand-cut fries were finger-lickingly delicious. Crispy and tasty. Yum!Get to this place NOW. Eat their delicious food. Your belly will thank you!
3	Went here for the veggie burger, so my review criteria is probably a little different (since I can see that people love the meat burgers here, and I'm sure they're right on). All the toppings on the veggie burger were delicious and worked well together, but my burger was SALTY. I don't know why every place that makes a veggie burger thinks that the way to make it flavorful is to pack it full of salt. Props for having it on the menu and including some very fresh and delicious toppings, but I just can't get over how the salt overpowered any other flavor in my meal.
5	I got an excellent burger and drinks here on a Friday night and it was excellent! That was one of the tastiest burgers I've had.  I got the market square burger and my friend got the blue burger and we both loved it.  The drinks were good, the service was nice, good location, I highly recommend this place.
4	Went back today and I definitely have a better opinion.  Burger came out quicker. I had the burger with cheese, carmelized onions  and mushrooms.  It was giant and excellent tasting.   The fries were very crisp.  I like them on the crispy side, but these were a little too crispy.  Burger came to about $10 + $2.25 for fries.
5	My favorite bar & grill in Pittsburgh! Great selection of craft and import beers and (obviously) whiskey. All the burgers are great. Only downside is that it's small with limited seating, but eat at the bar and talk to the cook and bartenders. Everyone's friendly!
4	I made it back to Wingharts for the second time in a year. This time, it was at their new location in the southside (which I am usually loathe to venture to).The beer and spirits list has grown exponentially to include all sorts of wonderful libations. The mission however, was burgers, plain and simple. My girlfriend and I each got a different burger platter, as well as seasonal brews (cant get enough pumpkin or fall type beers). I ordered the "Whatever, I dont care" burger, which was befitting for my current state of hunger and craving. Wingharts gets 4 stars because it took obnoxiously long to get our burger at 9pm on a Wednesday!However, when it arrived, it did not disappoint. The gooey, messy burger that I remembered was still kickin! Pepperjack cheese and a generous helping of jalapenos (HAL-EP-EENO for trailer park boys fans) was delectable, solidifying Wingharts as my go to (sorry Tessaros) burger place in the burgh.
3	Winghart have always been a good place for me to go grab lunch.  I like their food a lot, and they all taste amazing!!!However as of late, their burgers are not cook as well as they used to be.  When you ask for a Well Done burger, its what most places consider a medium burger.  I would request your burger cooked a little more then you would ask at most places.  this have been my experiences and a lot of my friend's experience. All in all, its a good place!
5	Awesome atmosphere, awesome pizza, awesome beer, awesome shot designed by an owner. What more could you want?
5	I work downtown and this place is awesome!  I've ordered both salads and burgers - both fantastic.  They do all of their own fresh grinding and seasoning of meat and it's delicious.  The seating area is really tight and cramped but they just opened an upstairs too.  The lunch time crowd is crazy busy, but overall excellent!  If you work downtown, definitely try it out (order take out).
4	I had the "Whatever Burger" and it was Amazing! one of the best burgers I've ever had. and it is the reason that I give the place a high score. Its cramped with limited seating but that kinda adds to the character of the place. but our waitress was kinda lost and confused about the menu and drinks. and took her 20 min to bring a water.It is very much worth going to if you have time!
4	My husband and I were looking for a great burger in downtown Pittsburgh. Winghart's did not disappoint. Great atmosphere and super friendly staff greeted us when we came in. I had the veggie burger and it was fabulous. The fries are some of the best that we have ever eaten. Great beers on tap too. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for a great burger.
3	First off let me say the burgers here are good.  The place is VERY small in a shot gun style layout.  there is a counter with about 12 stools that overlook the food cooking and clean up area.  The clean up area is the cause for my less than five star rating. Stacks of plates and baskets being washed In Full view of customers is unappealing.While the washing is happening on my visit the dishwasher broke a glass.  This area is quite close to the food prep and cooking area it is concerning that glass can fly into the food.  Got to wonder about other cleanliness issues.Lots of Craft Beers are offered. BUT NO Non-Alcohol beers.  I have run into this lack of selection at least three times at down town establishments.  Better to sell a NA beer than have a customer order water.  Customers don't drink for a umber of reasons. DUI, health, religious, restaurants need to consider this option .
5	I only have two complaints about this Winghart's. First, be prepared to smell like a delicious burger when you leave. Second, location. Market Square is just such a pain to deal with sometimes...especially when all I want is a burger! Ha.Overall, Winghart's is currently my favorite burger joint in Pittsburgh, and this location is definitely the best of their options. While it's a little cramped and you feel like you're practically working in the kitchen thanks to the narrow layout and intimate setup, the food here is simply superior and more consistent than their Southside location.Our last visit also showed us that the menu has finally expanded quite a bit. My favorite is the Shipwreck burger. It's filthy in all of the right ways, with it's white truffle aioli, brie, bacon, caramelized onions and arugula. If you're not a huge fan of red meat, as I try to avoid at times, you can get the The Boomer pizza. All of the same toppings, sans-meat, on pizza dough. An excellent alternative packed full of flavor!I actually strayed last time and went for the Collin's Orangutan with chicken sausage, green apple, smoked gouda,caramelized onions and bacon. Yes, it's as excellent as it sounds.I've tried their margherita pizza a few times as well. Simple, but well-executed. Good fries. Good chili. Good people. Overall, with good service, a nice whiskey list, decent beer choices, and excellent food, there's absolutely no reason for me to not recommend Winghart's. Of course, with such limited seating, you might want to keep those recommendations to minimum, or your seat will be taken and you'll be left standing by the door drooling. Luckily, they've recently added more seating upstairs, too! Cheers!
5	As most of you all know, this burger joint is my jam! I will argue with anyone who crosses my path and tells me this place doesn't have the best burger in the Burgh. So don't get in the way of me and my Winghart's burger!The real deal behind my update is that they've updated... their space! Yes, it may still be a narrow space to wiggle yourself into downstairs, but now the upstairs is open, which offers you even more space to squeeze into! I say squeeze because it's still unbelievably busy, regardless of the day or time. But that's the price you pay for having legit tasting food.I say legit because everything here stands alone. Burgers aside, I've had a stellar pizza and now an awesome veggie Stromboli type offering that rocked my world just as much as the burger. And don't even get me started on their double fried fries! If you like crispy taters, you won't want to pass these bad boys up.They of course have a massive whiskey list and pretty impressive draft beer line up. With two bars now, they're fully loaded and ready to go. Can't wait until the summer so I can sit out on their new upstairs deck and spy down on the square below. But, I'll surely be back before the warmer weather. Heck, I'll probably be back next week!
3	The only thing I've had is a pepperoni roll, but it was the best pepperoni roll I've had in Pittsburgh. I'm looking to go back and try more foods and whiskey.
3	When I think whiskey bar I think of something little classier than the bar bar we arrived at. Oh, well. This place has brick walls, a bar that runs half the length of the establishment, tall tables by the walls, and a general slightly treandy bar atmosphere.Full Disclosure: I did not have any whiskey.I had the Hula burger which was fine. The meat was good, the toppings messy, the bun large enough for the thick patty. A fine burger but not the best I've ever had.The fries seemed fresh cut but may not be. They were crispy and tasty.They played recent (last 5 years) alternative hits with a few 90's hits. I really liked that.Our waitress was great. Attentive, pleasant, funny.
4	Winghart's is a pretty small place with limited seating, but the food is worth it. I had the spicy and delicious chicken tikka masala pizza (Punjabi Pie) and my husband had the Hula burger and was not disappointed! I wouldn't say it was the best burger we've ever had, but it was worth a trip and we will most likely return. Truth be told, I actually enjoyed the pizza way more than the burger.
4	Winghart's is a great (somewhat) new restaurant in Market Square with excellent burgers and fries.  My favorite is the Shipwreck Burger (cool name, cool guy) and their fries.  Great beer and whiskey selection as-well.This restaurant was hugely popular during the lunch rush over the summer and caused me to unfortunately not visit very frequently due to the amount of time required to have lunch.  They've opened some dining space upstairs and appear to be doing a bit better turning meals around in the kitchen.  Hopefully they'll keep improving their speed and this place will become a go-to for a quick (and delicious) lunch.Recommend the Shipwreck burger, the Pittsburgh salad with chicken patty, or the Winghart-attach pizza.    Good stuff.
5	Great burgers and super friendly staff.   Wingharts uses excellent bread and I like how they char the edges of the burger.  I also like the size of the beef patties. More beef doesn't necessarily make a better burger. Wingharts uses the right amount of beef, substantial, but not half a cow like some other joints.
4	Yum Yum in my Tum Tum ...for the most part.I always seem to be asking my co-workers at work "can we order food!?" and for the not first but second time we decided to get Winghart's!If it wasn't for me meeting Shipwreck(the owner) himself while having a drinky drink over at Sienna(uh-MAZING btw)  I probably would've steered clear of Winghart's all together. Anywho my first visit or to-go order rather was their Hula Burger ordered Medium Rare(should've went Medium Well) was tasty! As messy as this burger appeared outside of its wrapper it was pretty good. Sweet and Tangy in all the right ways. My second to-go ordered happened today as I write this review for you now. I couldn't decided between the Colin Orangutan or the I Don't Care, Whatever Burger. I think I made the right choice this time with the IDCWB. OMG Sex in my mouth. The toppings for this burger are on point. Pepperjack, Bleu Cheese, Cheddar, Jalapenos, Pepperonicinis, Onions, Hot Sauce, Bacon, um yeah. Hell yeah. I licked all the sauce off my fingers.GET. IT. NOW. OR. ELSE.
3	When I start picking about the decor of a restaurant that means I am in trouble.  That means that I am not enjoying my  meal. Here's what I didn't want to notice but noticed while dining at Wingharts. The music that was being played was coming out of a visible iphone that was hooked up to a juke box.  One of the high top tables was stabilized by two dish rags folded and propped under the table legs.  We all jerry -rigg from time to time.   But I expect more from a resturant that sales $9.00 bugers. Moving on there were some horrific looking paintings on the walls. One which reminded me of the movie the Ring. Yes  the shipwreck burger was delicious.  The pizza I got was not so great. While the toppings were good and the crust was warm the artichoke paste that was spread on it was only slightly cool.  The crust of my pizza did nothing to heat the artichoke paste. That was very distracting.So why 3 stars and not 4 or 5?   I really wanted a meal I could sink my teeth into but that's not what I got. It's probably my own fault for going to a buger joint and getting a pizza.
4	Undoubtedly, Winghart's serves the best burger in Pittsburgh that I've tried so far. They accomplish this feat very simply: quality meat, fresh ingredients, cooked to your specifications. The focus of Winghart's menu is pizza and burgers, so I decided to take advantage of the fresh pizza ingredients and the house grounded meat by ordering a medium rare burger with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and fresh basil. The burger was juicy and cooked to a perfect medium rare. My friend - who never finishes his food - ordered a Market Square burger and finished the whole burger. Being overly picky, I thought the bottom bun was a bit too thick, but, in defense, the burgers are very juicy and need strong, absorbent support.The ambiance of the bar is warm and compact. There is an open kitchen which you can sit right in front of and watch the chef prepare the food. The waitstaff was attentive and friendly. Personally, I enjoyed the Indie Pop music (e.g. Neon Trees, Phoenix) played, yet (if Indie Pop is not your genre) the music is not abrasively loud and it unnoticeable if you're conversing.
4	Fantastic!!!  The meat is absolutely amazing.  What find!  I had a Hawaiian Pizza with super yummy ground chicken and my husband had a burger.  Boy, did he love his burger.  The fries were great too.  The only downside is the size of the restaurant.  It is quite cramped, but what they lose in space they make up in delicious food.
3	food is awesome. but some drunk or just crazy dude was yelling at the air and making me very uncomfortable. if this was my first time, i would have been turned off on the service staff lack of action. the server didn't even ask how my meal was when i was done, almost as if she knew the answer and didn't want to hear it.i'll be back i'm sure, i work downtown, but this last experience was not the best.
5	These guys are incredible!!  Great food (esp burgers) and personalities!!!!  Big time beer selection as well.
4	Awesome! This place is really great, the food and atmosphere are amazing. Everything we got tasted excellent, we sat in the upstairs bar and had a great time chatting with Admiral. The bar was quiet at first but it quickly got busy and you could tell Admiral was a bit overwhelmed. We had a great time and we really enjoyed our food, I'm looking forward to my next visit so I can try some fo the other burgers on the menu.
5	The Boomer Pizza. Try it. Be prepared for your life to change. Now when I eat any pizza, I find myself comparing it to the Boomer. Well, nothing compares. The burgers and beer cheese fries are great too! Definitely check this place out.
2	I was really looking forward to this burger, and maybe I suffered from high expectations after hearing about how it was one of the best in the city, but the whole thing left me a little disappointed and feeling pretty "meh" about the whole thing.The service and the restaurant itself had their pros and cons, but let's be honest--the entire experience hinges on the burger.  So that's what I'll talk about.Most importantly, they missed the temperature on both my burger and the burger my dinner companion ordered.  I ordered medium rare, and I got medium.  She ordered medium, and got at least well done (if not more cooked).  At a place that specializes in burgers, that shouldn't happen (especially on two out of two patties when the place wasn't even that crowded).Two of my toppings were likewise overcooked, to an even greater degree.  My mushrooms and bacon were both so crispy and overdone that they had lost all taste and color.  My companion's toppings were a little better, but they slathered on the aioli (which was basically just mayo) to a point where the other ingredients became overpowered and obscured.It seemed like a fun enough place, and the ingredients were high quality (especially the meat--my burger patty, despite the missteps in execution, still had decent flavor and juiciness).  I might go back and try the pizzas, but from what I saw, Winghart's has a long way to go before being considered an elite burger joint.
3	Best manhattan of my life. Food= not good. Had the boomer pizza upon recommendation here (you so rarely point me wrong, yelpers), but salty to the point of being mostly inedible. Sat in the patio on the second floor with the overextended bartender as the only server. He was good natured, made a mean cocktail, and I felt sorry for him- so I overtipped. Pleasant night, but felt I had to fight to get fed. Not so impressed.
4	I've been here for lunch throughout the week several times and even for dinner. It's always busy, but they move quick and serve up amazing burgers and pizza. The staff is always on their game, although they might be a bit stressed and rushed with the lunch crowd, and I've always had a good experience sitting at the bar watching the cooks put together ridiculous burgers. They have a great menu, a good selection of beers, and an amazing selection of whiskey. I've yet to eat upstairs, but the renovations to the downstairs area really look great.
4	Again, I reiterate there aren't many places to go to before 11am for brunch or cocktails in the fine city of Pittsburgh. Which, unfortunately was exactly what we wanted at around 10am on a Friday. We finally trudged around and noticed that Winghart's was open at 11am and went upstairs knowing we only wanted cocktails after eating crumby bagels at Au Bon. We were the first ones there. I am not ashamed in the slightest after we jokingly laughed and said we wanted brunch and couldn't find it. This place though isn't anything fancy but they do serve up some mean fancy whiskey cocktails! A few martinis and vodka fruity things to boot but this is definitely a whiskey bar as advertised. I can't remember the name of my cocktail but it involved copious amounts of Knob Creek, a little simple syrup, lemonade mixer and a squirt of soda water. My sister stuck with a whiskey, orange juice, grapefruit concoction and it was delicious. We were both set with perfect morning cocktails. In the background they had 16 Candles playing and the bartender was pretty friendly and jovial. The prices of drinks? Kind of meh. They were $9 or $10 a bit more than I expected for Pittsburgh about right I expect for New York. But I wasn't disappointed. They apparently serve a wide range of burgers, pizzas, and salads that we didn't take advantage of. But the Shipwreck with brie, caramelized onions, arugula, bacon and white truffle oil sounds pretty out of this world. There are also burgers with fries on them, which I'm not shocked by at all. There isn't anything much better than burgers and bourbon on a Friday morning and not being at work. So this place gets two thumbs up.
3	Really a 3.5 score. Food - 5 star, server - 1, cooks (i sat in front of the grill) - 4. Worst server i have had in a long time, but the pizza was great, so its a wash with a median score. If i could have a different server, i would be back for sure.
4	While I've been to the South Side location a few times, the downtown Winghart's is my first and most frequent encounter with the brand.Relative to the recently cooling boutique burger trend, Winghart's is by far my favorite (disclosure:  I still haven't made it to Burgatory).  The Shipwreck, Collin's Orangutan, and the "I don't care whatever" burgers are all great and exactly what you're looking for when in the mood of self-indulgence...  big, greasy, salty, and flavorful.What I'm not crazy about however is this place anytime near lunch, dinner, or any major occasion at Market Square.  The location is just simply too small to handle any kind of volume (even with the new addition upstairs), and it completely destroys what would otherwise be a FANTASTIC watering hole (dark, grungy, good beer, good food, laid back, etc.).  I just can't stand fighting to get to the bar to order, or worse, having people fight over my back to order their own.
5	Went here late night on a trip to Pittsburgh.  Place is dark inside and definitely looks and feels like a bar.   I love good bar food, and this place exceeded expectations.  The  bleu cheese burger was incredible.  They grind their own chuck every day per the menu.  Cooked perfectly.  My son had a pizza and it was awesome .... very thin crust and very tasy.  The buffalo wings were also fresh and very good.  I would absolutely return here ... all 3 items were awesome.
4	Good lunch service on a Sunday with 2$ Yuengling bottles.  The Shipwreck burger was amazing, with very well-flavored beef.  The toppings went together very well.  I would have never thought of putting brie on a hamburger.  This burger was so good that if I were local to the area I'd probably have gone back the next day to have another one.  The first time I ate it too fast and then it was gone.The pepperoni roll appetizer was interesting but we would not recommend it as a meal. Our only complaint was the fries-- they just seemed overcooked to us.  That one thing aside, it was a great meal.
5	wingharts is the best. period.
4	I can say I've been around Pittsburgh trying burgers and I was impressed with the flavor and doneness at wingharts. My girlfriend likes her burger almost raw and they delivered. The side of fries less than brilliant and friends got pizza that looked great but they thought was a bit greasy. App was the Beer Cheese Bacon that I looked forward to but in the end seemed alittle over done. Still my favorite burger in area.
3	Okay - so I'm going through my 5 star reviews and thought I should update this.  Yes I absolutely love the boomer pizza.  However, the service isn't always the best here.  Plus, I smell like fried food for hours after sitting down for a meal here.  I'll stick with the take-out.
5	For me, the original takes top prize here. Especially after the absolutely awful experience I had at the Southside location some months back. Never. Again.All the best chefs, managers, and waitresses work at this location. There staff seems to be long term, which suggests to me that they really like it there. They are incredibly friendly, knowledgeable about their products, and chatty without being annoyingly so. And the music they play - I love it. The music selections have never irked me when I've stopped it.My favorite burger there, and in fact the only burger I've ever ordered lol, is the Shipwreck. I will admit that about halfway through it starts to taste extremely rich, but it is so delicious. In fact, I had one at lunch yesterday and it was even better than the first time I had it, if that's possible. I'll miss this place once I move.
1	If you like dark, grimy, awful music and burgers not worth their price come here! Waitress took the change for our bill out of her wallet and it took her 30 minutes to get us our burgers with three tables in the whole place. DO NOT GO HERE!
5	I had the "Shipwreck" burger.   This is one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.  My wife is an exceptional cook whose favorite food is hamburgers.   Though I may pay for it later, this is better than hers.  The combination of the brie, caramelized onions and white truffle aioli with the quality beef is wonderful.  The staff is awesome and fun.   They have a nice selection of beer and great music.    Check out the mural in the bathroom.
4	I like this place a lot, but I am not in love with their burgers. Everything else is awesome, I just personally prefer my burgers to not be fried and be so greasy.Pizza is great, sides are great, drinks are great. I will be back.
4	Heart attack on a plate, but oh so good!  This is a great place for a caloric splurge - dieters beware.  Though it is a burger joint, I am a huge fan of their chicken sausage pizza.  Call ahead, because everything is made to order.  Their burgers are also great, and I can't stop eating their fries. They have an ever-so-slightly salty & sweet thing going on.  The people working there are friendly and outgoing.  It's fun to sit along the wall and watch your food being made.
4	After a long weekend of ethnic food and different cuisines, my friends and I decided to keep my final dinner in town very simple.  I requested we go to the best burger place in town.  Without hesitation, Winghart's was suggested.I ordered the "I don't care, whatever" burger which has jalapenos and pepper jack cheese.  The patty was cooked perfectly to my requested medium.  The patty, though, didn't feel processed or tough.  The meat tasted fantastic and the burger was topped generously.  After stacking some fries onto the burger, because I'm apparently a Yinzer at heart, the burger reached it's max potential.  I can't tell you if it's the best burger in the city but I was certainly not going to question the decision to come here.  I was pleasantly stuffed.Perhaps understated in this whole experience was the ability to sit outside on such a great evening and watch the liveliness in Market Square.  The atmosphere was wonderful, the food was even better, and when shared with great company and some cold drinks, I'd be hard pressed to find a better, more relaxing, and casual meal.  A great burger and a great representation of Pittsburgh.
1	TO BE HONEST I dont know how the food is.  We went there after a Pirates game, waited 10 minutes for a waitress while one of the cooks chatted at patrons at counter/bar and the waitress promised us a menu and to take some drink orders.  10 minutes later we decided our business didnt matter to them and headed elsewhere in Market Sq
1	We were looking forward to topping several days spent on the Allegheny Passage with the special Winghart dining experience that we have so come to love! Sadly, we departed hastily before even sitting down in an attempt to preserve the halo of good karma from our bike trip.  Now, I understand the Sunday of Labor Day weekend might have been understaffed and that the on-duty staff  was overworked.... (not sure why large dinner crowds this weekend were unanticipated by management) But, allow me to describe what happened.Downstairs was not overcrowded, but we hoped to find seating upstairs cause we like the atmosphere. The bar was full, so we headed towards the door to the outside seating area. Here our path was blocked by a chef (on duty? off-duty ? But in full chef garb) with a look of concern on his face. "You probably don't want to sit up here at all" he said concernedly.  "We only have one person on staff up here, and they are under!" Now normally, such a warning would have been appreciated. But the next thing that happens is right beside me an unhinged bartender is maniacally imploring a friend at a table to "Please shoot me in the face, Shoot me in the face!" " I can't handle it anymore!" Now that's a buzz kill, totally stressed me out. As we made our way downstairs a drunken patron sarcastically said "why you leaving? Don't like the music?"We are repeat customers and have always enjoyed the food here, but service is fully at least half of the equation and have seen the staff at times slacking in the service area.  This was one epic meltdown, but come on staff and management, Man Up! Until they fix this problem it's going to be hard to recommend winghart's without a precautionary tale.
5	In Pittsburgh, we're having a mini Burger Revival. With restaurants like Burgatory at the front of everyone's mouths when asked about the best burger in town (which I have been to and greatly enjoyed), I was taken aback when the Shipwrecked Burger at Winghart's literally gave me pause. You know that moment when you realize you have just bitten into something REALLY good? That was it.The meat was cooked perfectly. Only seasoned enough to recognize that it was seasoned at all, the soft meat become smooth like a seared beef tartar. The bun was buttery and actually had body to it. All of the toppings (arugula, white truffle aioli, applewood smoked bacon [admittedly, EVERYONE has applewood smoked bacon], Brie and caramelized onions) went perfectly together. And the hand cut friends with the mystery salt! I asked one of the girls there about it, and she said the owners won't tell them what kind of salt it is. I've never used salt as a talking point about French fries, but it makes a huge difference.I have been back several times since that epic first dining experience, and can also speak well for the Tallulah Hula Burger and the I Don't Care, Whatever Burger.Overall, I love to pseudo-punk rock atmosphere of the place. They have a great beer selection every time I go. Great whiskey/bourbon/scotch selection. The food is pretty reasonably priced, on top of that.Wingharts can give Burgatory a run for their money.GO TO WINGHARTS!
4	My experience here today was perfectly fine. I was a little surprised by how small and dark the place was, but ultimately it didn't bother me too much. My waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu which I appreciate. I ordered the Dockworker burger and I can say that it was very tasty. The meat was cooked exactly as I wanted and I enjoyed it. Again, a nice experience, but nothing really wowed me and made me want to go out of my way to come back. Good place though.
5	For a place that doesn't brag about their wings they do them great. Had the blackened blue & whiskey BBQ tonight and both were great. This place is a must try!!! Plan to head back this week and try out one of the burgers.
3	Again, a mediocre burger joint at best. Service was better than average. Overall, I would give this place a 3.5.We ordered:Fries- overcooked, burnt, ended up throwing a good third awayMixed drinks- it was alright, again, nothing spectacularThe ambiance was pretty good
4	2nd visit!  Amazing food.  The Boomer Pizza is incredible and the burgers are perfect.
4	We stopped at Winghart's after a long day of moseying around Pittsburgh. I ordered the "Shipwreck Burger" (sans bun for a gluten free friendly meal) and thought it was pretty decent, albeit overcooked. The toppings were what made it - brie, caramelized onions, bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. It was a litlle heavy on the aioli but that was rather easily fixed. Hubby got the "I Don't Care, Whatever" with pepper jack, bleu cheese, cheddar, jalapenos,caramelized onions, pepperonicini, hot sauce, and bacon (also sans-bun) and felt the same as I - decent (and overcooked) burger, really good toppings. In full disclosure, we did not notify the waitress of the overcooked patties - we just didn't want to wait for a second one to come out and hold up the rest of the party. Honestly I think it should come out right the first time anyway, but I know one can't really complain unless they try to rectify the problem, so no star lossage for the meat mishandling. :)We split a side of fries which were a little too greasy/overcooked but seasoned well. We sat outside so the "ambiance" was great - we got to people watch and enjoy some nice weather. Service was just fine. It was generally a 3 star experience but the breadth and creativity of the menu, both with burgers and pizzas, bumped them up one star.
4	My good friend and I left here feeling pretty content. We both ordered the Hula burger and were actually not that impressed. He thought that it needed more pineapple and onions while I thought that it needed less soggy bread. That wasn't what we were impressed with though, we were impressed with the sample of the market square burger that we received on the way in. That and the fries. I'd bury myself in a mountain of those fries. The market square burger had a perfect ratio of juicy steak to molten gruyere cheese. Even the bread had a sense of substantiality. It wasn't one of those wimpy little sesame seed buns that you get at Mcdonalds - this was the real deal. I would probably eat the bread of the burger by itself and be happy. The service was okay, they seemed a little understaffed for how many people were there and the water was incredibly sketchy. It had a really weird taste to it, I don't know whether or not it as the cup (which had weird red-orange tinges on the bottom) or if it was a problem with the tap, but I was sufficiently scared.
5	I enjoyed my lunch to the max! Yes, the prices are a little steep but it's well worth it. The burgers our huge and so tasty. The only complain I have is I asked for my burger well done it there was still some pink in it. It wasn't a big deal, but I prefer my meat done well. The fries are amazing as well! I was surprised by how many I got in an order.
4	I stopped by here yesterday afternoon with my BF while we were waiting for the airport bus. I got the Collin's Orangutan burger - chicken patty, green apple, caramelized onions, gouda, and bacon. The chicken itself was super juicy, which was a nice surprise, and all of the other components complemented each other really well. My boyfriend got the Matolla bacon cheeseburger and that was also delicious.The cocktails were a little more hit or miss. I wouldn't recommend the strawberry moonshine/iced tea drink (it may have been called the pink lady?) - the taste was just off plus it wasn't cold. I liked the bourbon-lemon cocktail though.Service was fine. I probably wouldn't bring my parents but I would def recommend it to anyone with a burger craving!
5	Bugers and Whiskey what an awesome combo. I sat up stairs at the whisky bar watching college football before a pirates game. The food was fantastic.  I had the Shipwreck burger.  It had brie, caramelized onions, bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli and was fantastic.  My wife had a mushroom and cheese that and both hit the spot. We split an order of seasoned fries that were hand cut and cooked crispy.  They have an amazing selection of Whisky, I drank mine straight up but the bar tender made my wife a concoction of whisky, mint and lemonade that was tasty as well.  They have a good craft beer selection and the service was great.
2	After seeing the positive reviews I really expected more. I am only commenting on the food, which was mediocre at best.Not sure if the fries were meant to be like that but they were just burnt. My "I dont care, whatever" burger was ok, definitely not an $11 plus burger though. At least it should have came with a side.For those of you who are amazed by the burgers here please give yourself a favor and try Sauce in Bridgeville and you will thank me.
4	An excellent place to grab a fantastic burger. Had the "Cheese Burger Soup" and it was delicious. Then the "Market Square Burger" that was very good. We sat at the bar and were able to observe the cooking and preparation. And I must say it was an incredibly clean operation. Can't wait to go back!
5	I wish I'd never eaten at Wingharts, because every other burger, every single pizza, every last french fry, I have eaten since is colored with the frozen taste of disappointment, the thawed-out sense of mediocrity, and an overwhelming feeling of despair.The food at Wingharts utterly blows my mind. I fear that one day I will let no one cook for me save the Wingharts staff and my own grandmother. The Shipwrecked burger almost made me cry.
2	Normally I really enjoy coming to wingharts for a beer and burger. This visit just completely put me over the edge. Walked into the place with a guy up front telling me to sit where ever, which seems pretty normal.  After 10-12 mins of sitting there expecting the guy to come take my order, he never came.  A nice waitresses took notice and told the guy I need to be waited on, but 5 mins later ... the guys is still no show.   17-18 mins of sitting at the bar, no one even took my drink order or even gave me a menu.  Can't be that hard to figure out one of the three parties at the bar have not been served   And yes I knew the exact time, because I didn't have anything to do besides fiddling around on my phone the entire time.  Step up your game Wingharts!!!  It will be a Very VERY long time till I go back again and only because of the good beer selection and good food.Should you find yourself there, and potentially a different  person at the front, I am sure you will have a pleasant experience.
1	Went yesterday with my wife and a couple of friends. Probably the worst dining experience of my life. Completely unorganized and terrible service.  They were out of lettuce and tomatoes, at a burger joint.... They failed to tell us this until the delivered our food. The burgers themselves were ok. The fries looked like they were the end of the batch and cold.  While we were waiting or our food, a truck pulled up to deliver food. A man was carrying a container of raw burger meat, and liquid was dripping out of it as he walked past and into the restaurant. Disgusting.  I could go on, but you get the point. Pretty disappointing since I've heard good things about their other locations. I blame management.
5	Love, love, love this place.  Can't get enough of the pizza prasad even if its a burger place.  Any burger on the menu is a good choice with the obvious house made beef they are frying up.  This place is delicious.  Love the people, atmosphere, food, and beverage.  Great.
3	Solid shipwreck burger with all types of goodness inside and good brews, ambiance was quiet on a Wednesday night. Staff was friendly and accommodating as well helping find seating for a group of 5-6.
5	Best. Burger. Ever. Service was slow but friendly. The drafts were great and the fries and burgers were slammin'.
3	I want to love this place. I really do. But I don't. Let me explain.I came here a couple weeks ago on a Friday afternoon for a late lunch. Pittsburgh is my and my husband's old stomping ground, but we're always up for trying something new. My sister-in-law suggested meeting here in Market Square. I fully expected to love it, since they have some of my favorite words: whiskey, burgers, thin-crust pizza. Sounded like a great way to kick off a weekend. We walk in just after 2, and there's actually a decent number of people enjoying a late lunch like we were, and that was surprising in and of itself. Our server took quite a while to acknowledge our existence. We were perusing the drink menu, trying to decide what unfamiliar whiskey to try. When we in the process of ordering drinks, one of us asked for recommendations based on what we know we like, and all she gave us was "I'm a beer drinker". So, two strikes so far. She brought the drinks, and we ordered our food. We all ended up ordering pizzas, since those are easier to share. My husband and his sister both order a pizza exactly as written from the menu, and I've got my eye on one that sounds good, bar one ingredient: mushrooms. I HATE mushrooms. I requested if I could get the pizza without mushrooms, and the server did not indicate that it would be a problem. She comes back a few minutes later to tell me that they can't do that, and I question why, and she indicates that the chef/cook won't do it. No further explanation.I ended up custom making the pizza the way I wanted it, which was essentially all the ingredients from the specialty pizza without the mushrooms. No issues with making that one. Sounds to me like the chef/cook was being a diva, and I really can't get that attitude for a restaurant owner. While yes, I understand that food is often an art, you are serving people with different preferences and should be confident enough in your craft that you won't get offended when someone orders a slightly modified version of your original dish. Especially at a glorified hole-in-the-wall burger joint. The atmosphere was dive-y, which was expected. Our table was dirty when we sat down, and we ended up wiping it down ourselves. I would recommend that they spend a bit of money to actually fix the bathroom door, rather than put in yet another partial fix to make it close and lock. Overall, I won't be making this a part of my essential Pittsburgh recommendation list.
5	Fantastic little indy spot. Friendly crowd, excellent food. The bartenders take of you like a friend. Highly recommended. You'll be family here in no time.
4	The burgers are very juicy, I had the Hawaiian and really sweet. The beer cheese and bacon funnel cake is really tasty and worth trying. Get it with one of the unique beers they have on tap.
4	A new favorite spot! The staff is so friendly and fun to chat with - burgers are delicious and sure to please any burger lover. I was especially impressed with their micro brew selections - don't be afraid to ask for samples! Decent wet bar selections with an unbelievable selection if whiskers....well duh! Ha. My friend is more of a whiskey drinker and was impressed with the choices. Great place to hit after ice skating and during the winter months.
5	There aren't enough words in the English language to convey how much of a fan I am of this place. There are two reasons I say this: the food, and the service.I guess I'm getting in the long line of fans exclaiming that the food here is fantastic, but, it really is! If you want a great burger, then hightail it over here for the Shipwreck, a masterpiece combination of Brie cheese, caramelized onions with bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. They had me at 'Brie'! My friend snagged a bite of this and said he wanted to come back just to have a whole one.Not a burger person? These guys do veggie burgers (I've heard good things about these) and also offer pizza and wraps. As a note: their incredible fries - which taste like real potatoes, quite a rare feat when you think about it - are not automatically included with the burgers, but considering they're 1/2 pound masterpieces, you don't necessarily need an order of fries, do you? If you want an alternative side or appetizer, I've had the spinach dip and pita twice and absolutely love it. There's a nice kick to the dip and it's nice and thick, complete with freshly baked pita chips. I think I'm drooling just thinking about them right now...And the service? It doesn't get better. My friend and I were actually here for a special event, and the bartender was fantastic. From checking in on all of us in our massive party to offering us specially made drinks on the spot invented just for our special occasion, this guy went above and beyond the call of duty for a bartender. I feel like I haven't said enough about Wingharts yet but I don't know what else to say. The staff is wonderful, the food is fresh - they told me they don't freeze their ingredients and go for local whenever possible - and my next meal here can't come soon enough!
3	I went on a Saturday night and we got a table without a wait. The server greeted us promptly and was great. I ordered the burger with gruyere, mushrooms and bacon. I ordered it without a bun and they put it on a leaf of lettuce. It was topped with honey mustard. The burgers don't come with fries, so we ordered a side. They were good. The atmosphere is bar-casual and you seat yourself. The lighting is harsh and there are TVs playing the games. They also have wings and pizza on the menu.
4	With winging a last minute trip to Pittsburgh, a late night arrival, and in an area that's surprisingly slim on bars and eats, I remained skeptical of the one place that seemed hopeful: this place. Then I considered the location of being right in Market Square, their name (both odd & conveys a message of a cocktail bar, their logo (note sure if it was local), the photos of the upstairs bar, and I really didn't think it was going to go well. I just imagined those vibrating beepers that hosts hand you so they gyrate in your pocket to be seated. Instead, not looking upstairs, and I think we got lucky on being Thanksgiving weekend, there was barely anyone there and we were able to sit right in front of the burger griddle. And the staff was the complete opposite of what I expected. And I loved them for it. Two teddy bears of large chaps behind the counter made me laugh through the whole night. Add on I was with the cute Canadian, and it was such a perfect odd couple pairing for the setting. I don't know if this would be a real dive-dive, and I don't know what the standards are for Pittsburgh, but I love how bare bones, and blue collar this feels. Now. I usually put nothing on my burger but cheese. Apparently someone stared into their lunch pale in Pittsburgh and put their coleslaw and fries on their sandwich. If I were ever going to put this on a burger, it was then, and it was excellent. Large enough to not need any sides at all but a beer. It feels like an off the beaten path place that's wisely plopped in the middle of Market Square. I dig your move Pittsburgh. I'd imagine most visitors make their way here, and if this is the style you're promoting, you're one of a kind in a very good way.
5	Burgers are the BEST.  Light years better that any other I've ever had.  Recommend "Shipwreck" and "I Don't Care, Whatever"
5	Sometimes it's really difficult to find a moment to post a review.  This is one of those moments.  I should seriously be engaged in one hundred other productive endeavors. Still, I find it necessary to post a few words to my fellow yelper's.  This place has ahhmazing burgers.  Everyone in our party preferred mid-rare, which after reading other reviews, we made a point to emphasize. They were cooked to perfection.  The bun was good enough to eat on it's own and the service was so warm and helpful.  Because we read some wildly disparate reviews on the fries, we had to give them a try.  Not surprisingly, our party shared the same disparate reviews.  I believe it's all about what you're looking for.  The fries are well cooked and crispy.  Also, a hint of sweetness prevails, which we attribute to sharing the fryer with the awesome funnel cakes?  Alas, I could not deduct a star when so many in our party loved them.  Give this place a try!
3	My husband and I went here looking for a more intimate experience than we got.  The reviews on here were a little misleading as to the atmos.  What this place really is: a place to go hang out and watch the game.  It's not really appropriate for a date or anything too "special."  We ordered a pizza to split, some beers and then afterwards a round of old fashioned's.  The pizza was a little over the top (something with brie and mushrooms I think) but it was pretty good.  The beers were recommended by the server and were excellent.  The drinks were very well constructed.  Service was perfectly attentive.I think this place could use a little bit of a face lift to improve the ambiance - there is some sort of graffiti mural on the wall where we were upstairs and it just didn't give off the vibe of "I want to hang out here, relax and chat and drink whiskey all night."
4	Kind of a dive, but good burgers and whiskey. Not a huge menu, but that's not the style here. Recommend the chicken burger and some whiskey on the rocks.  Small place, so get here early for lunch.
3	Dropped by Winghart's when I was visiting Pittsburgh for the Rubber Duck. Due to lack of time/cash/Meat and Potatoes was booked, I ate here twice during the same weekend. The first time was better than the second. I ordered the shipwreck burger my first time and really liked the taste of brie cheese, bacon, and white truffle aioli in my burger. Great flavor. And I was so hungry that I ate the whole thing in four or five bites. The second time I was here I wasn't that hungry so I just ordered an original hippy cake that was topped with powdered sugar. Not bad but nothing extraordinary. The service was really slow the second time around. My boyfriend ordered a dozen wings to go and they hadn't even finished making them thirty minutes later. We had to catch a bus and were contemplating leaving without our food - it was that slow. Luckily, they finished cooking the wings at the last second and we paid. Even paying was slow and we had to constantly remind the server that we had to leave immediately. There wasn't even a lot of people there but it was like the staff was extremely unprepared to handle more than a few customers at a time.
3	I went to this place yesterday to get a beer and something to eat. I chose a 10 inch pizza which wasn't bad. It did have a little more grease than I prefer but nonetheless it was good. They do have TV's and were playing music.Overall I thought it was good the service was quick and attentive.
5	One of the best burgers I have ever had (I got the shipwrecked burger).  The fire grilled pizza was also very tasty.
3	My friend and I ordered the Shipwrecked Burger and the Boomer pizza based on reviewers' recommendations. We were both disappointed with our choices. There was nothing wrong with the quality of food, just the taste of these specific dishes. We both agreed there was an overwhelming bitter taste. I'm sure if we had ordered something else off the menu we would have been happy with our food.
5	This place is a gem in Market Square and for a while was my place to go out on weekends. The people who work here are incredible, each having an alter ego name that they give to patrons that come into the bar. It was definitely my type of people, very hip and alternative and laid back. The menu is actually good bar food, but a drawback is that I remember their kitchen closing pretty early (maybe 9 or so). The first few times I stopped in I had just missed the cutoff and had to drink my dinner. However, the drinks are very good, made strong, also a pretty good beer selection. The actual bar actually isn't spacious or particularly amazingly decorated, but they have since opened up the upstairs and it's great with more tables, another bar, and I believe even a patio overlooking Market Square. The reason to go here is the people who work there who all get along great with each other and just are there to have a good time. They now know me when I walk in (as my alter ego) and act really happy to see me (whether that's true or not). And that's what we all want when we go out, right? The food and decor of a place are obviously important, but having a good time and enjoying an experience is about the people you interact with- and that's why I have no qualms about giving them a 5-star rating.
4	Stopped in here for a small bite with my girlfriend, I say small bite cause we had a dinner reservation really late that night and we were just looking for something to hold us over until then. We split an order of the beer cheese fries and a pepperoni roll. The roll was nothing to write home about- cheese and pepperoni wrapped around a soft pretzel like crust served with some marinara sauce to dip. The fries were great though! Fresh-cut fries topped with melty beer cheese. The beer cheese was almost like a spread, kind of thick with a sharp cheddar flavor with some spice and beer mixed in. Would definitely order those again or anything else on the menu that includes the beer cheese! Our waitress was super friendly, I have to come back to see if Winghart's is worthy of a 5th star only because I can't rate them on fries and rolls alone!
4	Stopped here while re acquainting myself with Pittsburgh.  Cool place, good beer.  Nice atmosphere.  Pretty cool graffiti art adorns this hidden little gem. Bee didn't eat here but the food looked really really good.  Worth the stop.  Next time I'll eat.
5	This place would get more than 5 stars from me if I was able to do that.  I don't get here as often as I'd like, but I thoroughly enjoy my time here.I like sitting at the bar/counter and watching the cooks prepare everything; I find that fascinating.  I also find that lends a cool, off-beat vibe to the restaurant.  The pizzas are out of the world.  The hand-stretched crust is to die for and then when they fire it and you get that crunch on the outside with the chew on the inside of the crust, I'm in heaven.  I love their Sweet Georgia Brown pizza.  It's my favorite at the current moment.Now let's talk burgers.  These are the burgers that you eat with your elbows on the tables and your sleeves rolled all the way up so you don't get burger juice on your clothes.  Ah-mazing.  The Dockworker is insanity in a very good way.  Even if your burger comes with fries on it, get a basket of fries to go beside it because those things are the bomb-diggity.  Yes, I just said bomb-diggity because they're so good I don't care.Servers are friendly and quick, but I love the food so much I wouldn't care if they were the meanest people on the planet. Seriously that good.
4	Our good friends were really talking up Winghart's, so my husband and I checked it out with them tonight! Sadly, between terrible rush hour traffic in downtown and frigid temperatures, we were a little grumpy when we arrived. However, a beer (well, cider for me) quickly brightened our spirits.I expected the interior to be a little larger and was surprised to see two separate rooms on two different floors. Most of both floors is taken up by a large bar with several tables in the back of both spaces. The tables are seat yourself, which also surprised me. I'm not sure how that would work on a busy Friday or Saturday night. Our waitress was nice and relatively attentive until the end of our meal, when she apologized for being a bit more hectic (around 7pm). I ordered the Hula Burger, which was delicious! The bun was soft, and the meat was juicy. The BBQ sauce added a punch of flavor, while the pineapple provided the perfect fruity sweetness. I would definitely order this burger again... and again. The only con was that it was a little messy!
4	Friendly staff, amazing wings, and an interesting, enjoyable beer selection.I absolutely loved this little, tucked away place! After watching an entertaining light show outside of this restaurant/bar...we decided to stop in to explore the local beers on the menu. Now...I'm not a big beer fan, but it seemed like my weekend trip to Pittsburgh was all about exploring new and fun beers and it was so worth it! I tried the Cocoa Loco Choco Stout, the Original Hand Cider, and the Sara Saranac Prism. I really enjoyed each and every one of them. The Choco Stout was not too chocolatey, the Hand Cider tasted like crisp apples, and the Saranac made me feel like I was on a beach somewhere enjoying an exotic beer.We also decided to try the Balsamic Garlic Wings. These were seriously the best wings that I've ever had. They were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I really loved the flavor too.I feel awful for not remembering our waitresses name, but she was absolutely amazing. She helped with picking out the beer selections and also provided us hand written instructions for other local bars to try in the area.I will definitely be visiting this place again on my next trip to Pittsburgh! Love. Love. Love.
5	Great stop for beer and a burger!!!  The Oragatang is a fantastic chicken sausage burger that I highly recommend.  It's fun to watch them patty and form the burgers right in front of you.  The rest of the burger menu is solid with some interesting innovations in toppings.  The beers are a well curated list of great brews.  OH! And don't forget the fries!  Life altering!
2	Winghearts used to be one of my favorite bars in downtown Pittsburgh. After the last three attempts of dining there, I've given up hope. Not sure whats changed in the past six months but service is TERRIBLE. We had a 10 person group, were told to seat ourselves- the waiter couldn't even look up at us. So we sat ourselves and took the only two tables left and moved them next to each other. He YELLED at us and asked what we were doing. A few friends had already ordered drinks upstairs because it took so long to get service downstairs. They paid their bills and we left immediately.Last week a group of friends went down-- they yet again couldn't accommodate our group. The same man who yelled last time, yelled this time.A few days later we stopped by for a few drinks, they shut the doors in our face at 9pm. This had happened a few times before as well.Its too expensive to be that rude to customers.Incredibly disappointed with how the quality of service has gone downhill.
5	Badass! Good music, great food! Just a really cool place! The service was friendly and the atmosphere was cool. The Shipwreck burger was excellent!
5	Awesome spot. Great beer on tap. Buffalo wings were tangy and crispy. Burger was awesome, nice and juicy and great toppings. And any bar that's blasting Beastie Boys when you stroll in, is alright. So tasty!!
4	Great place to hang out at the bar, enjoy a draft, whiskey or bourbon, and nosh on pizza or burgers. I asked them to cut my Shipwreck Burger in half, but I devoured the whole thing - so delicious!
5	Wingharts has, I think, the best burger in the city! Unlike Burgatory, you cannot build your own burger with all the toppings in the world but that is not a shortfall. You get a choice of a pretty good array of burgers but not an overwhelming amount. I've heard that their pizza is pretty good but I haven't had it since the burgers are hard to turn down. Definitely a must if you are going to be downtown or in south side. I believe they are opening one up in Oakland right where PCAFE used to be for all you Pitt alumni. Although the memories are fond there I don't know if I would trade them for this burger joint but it would be a tough decision. Let's just say that the students who go to Pitt now are lucky to be exposed to such a Pittsburgh gem, I hope they take advantage of it!
3	This place was so-so. I guess their specialty are burgers, so i shouldn't be surprised that my falafal salad was lackluster. The falafal was entirely overcooked. I had to pick off the hard, burnt pieces so enjoy the semi soft innards. (it wasn't busy at the time, so i'm not quite sure why it was hastily made).My friend enjoyed her Shipwreck burger; however, she was a bit surprised that for $12.xx it didn't come with fries. (for a water, burger, and tip she spent $15.) I suppose if you like overpriced,gourmet burgers in dark corner you'd enjoy this place (market square location). I'd still rather go to Over the Bar Bicycle Cafe for one of theirs. Moderately priced, with fries, and delicious.
5	Got food to go on Easter Sunday.  Atmosphere was definitely cool.  They were playing heavy metal rock which given the holiday made me love them more. One bummer was their brick oven wasn't heated up yet BUT what I ordered to go was fabulous. The wings were cheap & very tasty... nice crisp & the Buffalo sauce was delightful.  They gave me extra ranch & I joked about being a slob & needing a towel. ... they actually packed me a towel. WIN, LOVES IT!!! The funnel cakes were really good too. My fiance got their shipwreck burger which he gobbled down like a starved person.Happy,  & will be back for sure.
4	The food was good but not great. Very dark inside so make sure your battery is charged on your phone so you can see the menu.   Small place so don't bring more then a few friends. The burger was made perfect the cole slaw was good however if you want a vodka or tequila your selection is very narrow. They have a great whiskey selection for you dark liquid drinkers.
4	Right now, everyone has a favorite burger place.  Pittsburgh is in the middle of having a burger war in every neighborhood.  However, I still find the burgers and fries at Winghart's as wonderful as can be and tastier than most of the other "burger' places.When I need a burger fix and nothing else will satisfy me, I head to Winghart's for their Market Square Burger.  Bacon, mushrooms, gruyere cheese and honey mustard sauce on a freshly ground, high quality beef patty!  Are you kidding me?  I would drop kick someone if they got in the way of me and that burger!  My co-worker always gets the Shipwreck Burger and we constantly argue over which one tastes the best.Add some "seasoned" fries with a side of homemade ranch dressing as a dipping sauce for your fries and you can easily slip into foodgasm territory.Lawd a mercy, I might have to go ther today for lunch!
2	A+ for the food. The Shipwreck burger, the market square burger, the pizza. All good stuff. F for the service. I love it how the one dude in the back is screaming out yeah good job, hey keep up the good work, lets keep it up, yet theres customers confused as no one has taken an order or told them where to sit. A little chaotic at best.They need a hostess to sit people its that simple. Get a hostess, have them sit people and that way people aren't forced to use the to go line to get food. Half the time customers are sent into the vast darkness to look for a seat only to return because theyre all taken then need to step back in line to get it to go.My main concern is the rule you can't eat our food here if you get to go. Go to Chipotle, get yours to go, sit down eat half the burrito, pack the rest for a snack or dinner later. They give you an abundance of food so you know you'll have leftovers.Go to wingharts order to go (after the waitress acknoledges you exist), wait 15 minutes for your food, and sit down and watch the manager yell at you! No i swear even the people at the bar looked at him like what the **** do you mean you need to leave. Apparently the bar stools ( about a dozen) were empty and when we sat down he told us to leave the restaurant while we tried to eat their food! It is reserved for the people who ordered sit in and not to go! We would've sat down if all your chairs weren't full 45 minutes ago when we first walked in! I'm just saying, burgatory is where it's at. I would've given it a higher rating if it wasn't for the dumb manager on duty. I guess the old customer is always right rule doesn't apply here. Or common sense.
4	Excellent burgers--nice size (half pound) and properly cooked.  No frills with a good selection of beers.  I'll be back.
4	Best burger in the 'Burgh - hands down!I've gone through just about the entire burger and chicken menu's, as well as about half of the pizza menu - I have yet to be disappointed. I can't even pick a favorite menu item from any of those sections. The Shipwreck and Market Square Burgers are equally fabulous, but this is not to short-change the Idon'tcarewhatever(??) Burger in the slightest. As far as chicken, Colin's Orangutan and the Chicken Tikka are both awesome. Pizzas? Chicken Tatonka and the Pineapple./BBQ sauce based one again, also excellent. Go, you must.
4	Reasonable bourbon selection, questionable scotch selection/variety, well-crafted burgers.  Received cold fries.  Limited but informal seating.  Didn't try the pizza.  Great for a burger and a bourbon.  Reasonable but unoriginal draft selection.
5	I never have written an online review before, but I made an exception for this place. I have been here several times, with each time being beyond amazing! The combo of a fun atmosphere, and unique servers just makes the place a destination.  The whole menu is delicious, but the veggie burger is by far THE BEST EVER. My server was a beautiful girl with blue hair and tattoos. I can't rate this place high enough. I work in the downtown area and try to eat here as often as possible. SERIOUSLY EAT HERE!
4	I've been to Winghart's for their burgers and chicken sandwiches and they've been really good. Recently, I had a craving for chicken wings like no one's business. When I checked my Yelp app I was pleasantly surprised to find out that Winghart's,  actually serves wings. I got the balsamic and garlic flavored wings and they were so good. Felt like they were made with a lot of love and I eat them with a lot of love! Seriously my new favorite place for wings!
3	It's a hole in the wall but they have a decent whiskey selection... Service is very friendly ask for girl with blue hair didn't catch her name but she is very helpful!
2	They 12oz-ed our drinks, rather than filling the cup up all the way, and were $6 a piece. Our side order of fries was burnt and tasted only of the oil they were fried in. My burger only tasted like grease, instead of the honey mustard sauce, mushroom, and cheese it had on it. The size of the table we sat at was maybe a foot and a half wide. The food never left the premises because we all had to empty our bowels immediately after finishing the meal.
5	Oh man- great beer and AMAZING food!  Didn't know what to expect but got a 'roll' ("roll ups" on the menu).  It is the filling listed inside some thing pizza dough.  I can't sell this well enough- a perfect serving size and an amazing meal!!! So delicious!  My boyfriend and I tried them without having ever been here and we were love them!  This place is great, highly recommend and consider trying a "roll"!
4	Note: This review is for the pizza (and mac and cheese!), since I'm not a (beef) burger eater.I came here in April with several friends before seeing a musical at the Byham.  None of us had been here before, but we came here based on the convenience and the good reviews.  I ordered the sweet Georgia Brown pizza, which has BBQ chicken, pineapple, red onion, and cheddar cheese.  It had an interesting sweet-savory flavor profile, and a nice crispy texture.  It was pretty good, as pizzas go, and definitely an interesting departure from typical pizza fare.  I recommend it.One of my friends ordered the shipwrecked burger, and found it delicious, if a bit over-the-top fatty.  Another of my friends ordered the macaroni and cheese, per the waitress's recommendation, so I had to try it, as the resident mac and cheese connoisseur.  I wasn't expecting to be impressed, but the sauce, which was on the milder side, was surprisingly creamy and well-seasoned, and complemented the tenderness of the shell pasta nicely (score: 9.0).  If you go there, try it--this has to be the dark horse of mac and cheeses in PGH!The atmosphere of this place is dark and kind of cave-like, with weird decor.  Like another reviewer, between the place's logo, the decor, and the waitress's "uniform," I felt that it came off as trying a bit too hard to be hipster.  It definitely has character--though I don't know if it's quite the right type.  Service was fine--no problems there.  Overall, an interesting place worth trying if you happen to be downtown.
4	We had a burger and a pizza.  The pizza was Rachel's Trip To Greece.  Spinach and artichoke spread, feta and veg.  The chef Cale to explain the art festival had brought so many customers they ran out of red peppers and olives.  I told him to wing it with anything.  The result was awesome.  One issue - heavy metal music was a bit loud.
2	Service was bad. Waitress forgot our drinks. Food was bad. The beer cheese looked and tasted like vomit. Then we couldn't leave because the waitress wouldn't return. Even the beer was bad! I am the least picky eater EVER and I hated the 'Ole Caw'. Waste of calories.
5	Wow such burger. Much fresh ground meat. So crisp fries. Very bar. Wow that burger was wow. So best in city. Must go again. Try shipwreck it's so wow. Service was sort-of wow.
4	This is my favorite little hideout in market square. They have a great bourbon/whiskey selection and the female bartender who always works upstairs is really friendly. Edgy little hole in the wall that I love.
4	Perfectly cooked, very juicy burger. Somewhat of a cool dungeon feel (in a good way) in the dining room which would be great for a late night bite.
4	Great food. Especially the wings and burgers. I've never had one bad thing here. I would caution the cleanliness of the market square one. The rest are great, but the one in market square isn't the most tidy. Avoid the bathroom if possible.
4	Good location, good waitstaff, good mixture on foods. Scotch list was outstanding. I've only seen one like this somewhere in Ashville, NC. Although the shipwrecked burger just didn't come out to my taste (wasn't bad, just wasn't for me), the aioli truffle wings were outstanding. Good place to pregame before a pirates game.
3	Good was good and the service was also good. Pizza was ok. Burgers are good and the butter spice wings are fantastic.
5	I work for the bakery that makes the burger buns. I have to say the Hawaiian Burger was the most amazing burger I have ever have. The meat just melted in my mouth and I had a wonderful Sly Fox Beer on tap with it!Wonderful experience and highly recommend it!
4	This place is perfect for a young crowd,it's a perfect spot to start your "day drinking" or to catch a game. The beers are cheap, the bar is big and the service is excellent. Lots of young single people hanging around here during the day, tons of cute boys!
4	I feel like this place could benefit from a little space. Entering the restaurant is very dive like and it's small/close quarters like a restaurant in NYC. If that's your thing then you will be all about it, but if you like to have some space then maybe not. The food on the other hand was very good. I really liked the burger that I had and the beer section wasn't bad. I feel like you could put their burgers against BRGR or Burgatory any day.
4	I just went to this place for the first time, after always walking by. I thought it was a bit small, but not too bad. Very nice staff, and interesting menu. I wouldn't get the wings again, though. They were kind of small and not that great, but the burger was boyfriend got was delicious, and the appetizer we ordered was as well. I also liked their beer selection, though they are known for their whiskey selection. Would definitely come again!
5	Flew into Pittsburgh airport last Friday and immediately Yelped "Burgers" nearby, sorted by highest rated and decided on Winghart's in seconds. This place is located in downtown Pittsburgh, so if you're traveling and want to see the core of the city, this is perfect. Lots of other restaurants and shops around it, too, so it's a good spot to start exploring.I dined with two others and we made a point of trying as many things as possible. Two types of wings (Balsamic and Garlic were best - both were very crunchy, which I like; still feeling remorse over not ordering the Blacked & Bleus, so order them and let me live vicariously through you); pierogies (SO GOOD! MUST. GET.); burgers (LOVED the Shipwreck and heard rave reviews of the I Don't Care Whatever); great fries (get them topped with truffle oil) and we couldn't leave without a funnel cake (get cinnamon). Great atmosphere. Awesome beer list. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd definitely be a regular.
4	I'm a fan.  Good place to hang out at Lunch time in Market Square.  I like the ability to hide here and get a nice drink.  Almost everything on the menu is solid.  Excellent beer list, I recommend getting a bottle.  Try a pickleback!
5	Shipwrecked is the burger to get. It's the best in the Burgh. They have a good craft beer list and of course some killer whiskeys.Sit at the bar and talk with the chefs. Not to mention the free smells.
5	Great food, excellent service! I wish I'd asked for our server's name, but she was amazing. She answered our questions about beer and liquor perfectly, was friendly the whole time, and accommodated all requests.The outside area upstairs was full when we arrived, so we sat at a high top that was a little cramped for 4 people to actually eat dinner on. We asked the waitress if we could put two tables together, and while she was perfectly happy to accommodate that, she also informed us that a party outside was closing out, and we could take their table in a few minutes. We did, and it was so nice to sit outside on such a beautiful day!Winghart's menu is a hoot to read - you'll see what I mean when you get there. The owner definitely has a good sense of humor. 3 out of the 4 of us decided to have Colin's Orangutan, a burger with chicken sausage and some other goodies. We also ordered regular fries and seasoned fries to share. The burger was so delicious, and the fries were a great complement! Unfortunately, the seasoned fries were insanely over-seasoned. They were so salty, I thought we'd be committing suicide by eating them. I asked if we could change them to regular fries too, and that request was also granted! I wasn't kidding when I said they had excellent service.This is a great place for scotch and whiskey drinkers, but I'm neither. And yet, I managed to find the perfect drink for me! If you like sweet and fruity drinks, I recommend Woodchuck's Fall Harvest Cider, which Winghart's has in bottles. It tastes like apple pie (yes! really!) and is amazing.I'll definitely recommend Winghart's to my friends!
1	Service was fine, however the food might be the worst I have ever had. Maybe they were having an off night but I have never tasted a more awful burger. It tasted like it was soaked in kerosene. I couldn't even eat the burger and the fries were served to us basically black - they were extremely burnt I am shocked to see someone even serve something like that. My friend also ordered a burger medium rare and it came out more than rare. I think the center was actually still cold. The macaroni and cheese was okay, but sadly that is the only positive thing I have to say about this place. Don't think I'll ever be returning.
3	Had the Market Square Burger, fries and 2 Sly Fox Royal, Weiss Beers. Total $23.01 plus tip.Moses, the waiter, was quick and engaging. Order was quick and served on about 7 minutes.Burger was OK, but undercooked per my me dwell request. Fries were fine. Same for beer.Sat on balcony looking over Pittsburg's Market Square. Was a fine later summer day, on a Monday at 4:30. Was about 10 people inside.OK, let's be honest, the place could use a little TLC and is something of a hole-in-the-wall, fit snugly between a Subway and Starbucks.   I think the value is OK, but don't know if I would come back.
4	Came on Thursday night for a burger and drink.  The place is tiny!  We sat upstairs in the outdoor section.  I was thinking they were going to have a large drink menu with imaginative drinks but they just had a couple beers and "anything else we wanted the bartender to make".  I got the shipwreck burger and my brother in law got a bacon cheeseburger.  You could tell the meat was freshly ground, it was excellent.  The white truffle aioli was sickening by the end of it but still a very good burger.  People need to learn how to take it easy with truffle, a little goes a long way.  Vodka/soda's were strong and cheap!
4	I've been here a number of times now and each time gotten one of their brick oven pizzas. They would be considered individual sizes, but a few are simply to "hearty" to finish. One of my favorites is the Winghart Attack. It is effectively a pizza with an order of chili cheese fries on top and the only time that it was finished was when I shared a few slices with a friend.The atmosphere is a dive and very tiny, but the food is really good, the staff was pleasant and definitely worth a stop as long as you don't hit the peak of the lunch time rush.
