4	Though it is the only Vietnamese restaurant in the University City area do not  let that dissuade that it is indeed very good. I find I'm in the mood for pho mostly when the weather is cold or grey but their offerings are just as satisfying in any weather.They offer a number of dishes in addition to a couple styles of pho including a spicy chicken lemongrass I enjoyed today. There is no shortage of vegetarian offerings. On the other hand if  you do want that most delicious of soups with an authentic experience beef tendon is an available addition of flavoring (along with all the lime wedges, cilantro and mung beans you care to toss in). Service is fast and attentive.
2	My coworker and I stopped by Pho Real once to check it out as a viable lunch option.  We took a look at the prices and decided on a state salary, it wasn't. Our office later decided to have a holiday luncheon there, so we finally got to experience it.  Compared to other lunch options, other Charlotte Asian restaurants, and other Vietnamese restaurants I'd been to, Pho Real was mediocre.  We expected for the price it would be a lot better, but were glad the office was picking up the tab.  I ordered something spicy and while it definitely was spicy, that's all it was.  There was no other flavor other than the taste of hot burning my mouth.  So, no, I probably wouldn't go back to Pho Real.  Unless someone wants to take me there for another office party and pick up the tab.
4	This place isn't as exciting as some of Charlotte's more authentic Pho joints, but it's ok, and I love this little shopping center in the University area, even if it is a cursed strip mall. It's got the upstairs/downstairs thing, which is cute and makes it feel less soulless somehow. There are tons of vegetarian possibilities, which is always a plus, and I enjoyed my Pho earlier this week when I had lunch there because I'm recovering from a nasty sinus infection. There's nothing like some lemongrass in hot water to open up a nasty nose.
3	Today I stumbled across Pho Real while looking for somewhere to go to lunch. The location is convenient to UNCC and there was plenty of parking. When we got upstairs we were allowed to seat ourselves. The waiter was very friendly, however, he forgot to bring our appetizers and the service was painfully slow. The Pho was just as good as any other place that I have been to. It was steaming hot and tasty!! After we finished, we waited around for our check and waited a while for the waiter to pick up the money. I eventually was able to find him but it took a while to get our change back. If the service had been speedier, I would have given this place another star.
4	This place is wonderful! The staff are courteous enough to help you explore all the many ways to enjoy their food!  It's got a chill vibe inside and it's really a nice way to get some diversity in your dinning experience!! Yum!
3	Ok, but expensive. B-
4	I work at the University, and this is one of our department's tried and true places to take visitors.  It's upstairs in the little strip mall next to Total Wine on WT Harris.  The inside is a little more modern and trendy-looking than the usual Charlotte pho joint, and everything's usually clean and pretty.  The menu is pretty standard. Things they do particularly well include the stuffed chicken wing appetizer, the pho, the vermicelli dishes with grilled meat, and the always-tasty young coconut juice.  They have an unusual (for around here) green papaya salad that's topped with peanuts and some kind of shredded dried meat.  Also good, if you're in the mood for that kind of thing, is the royal fried rice, which comes with chunks of every type of meat, plus pineapple.  The fresh rice noodle stir fries are good as well, but they're a lot for one person to eat.  I especially appreciate that they sell the pho in a "little" size that's about right for lunch, as well as the usual huge honkin' bowl you'd get elsewhere.  Make sure you get your pho with tendon for extra chewy goodness; I also have them substitute glass noodles for the rice noodles and have never had a problem with my noodles falling apart as one person mentioned.   Service can sometimes be frustratingly slow.  I give this place a four, though, because everyone I take there seems to enjoy it and I've never eaten anything there that wasn't good -- even if I sometimes have to stand up and look real impatient to get the check.
4	How can you not try a place that's named "Pho Real."!!!The good news about this place is that it caters to the "younger" adults instead of the 40+ crowd.. not saying that there aren't any 40+ people in there.  I mean come on, a bar??  in a Vietnamese restaurant?!!  Awesome, never seen that before and maybe I'm missing out but it's pretty sweet.Their food is A-Ok.  To me it seems like the person who created this place learned how to make Pho from their mom but didn't quite listen 100%.  I mean it is good, but it's not as good as the 40+ pho restaurants down the street.(BTW I judge Vietnamese restaurants by the taste of their pho.  No other food.  =D  )
3	I stop in when I need some delicious broth with warmth and spice. The decor is interesting and the service is quick. I have always enjoyed the pho and the grilled shrimp dish.
5	When I am hungover there is nothing that treats me better than a huge bowl of soup.  IMO:Get the combination bowl(I don't eat the fish balls).  I havn't had much other Pho so can't really give a grade on authenticity.
2	I don't like this place! I only go here when my friends pick this place for a quick lunch get together. Food is just okay, not that great. Service is usually horrible and it sucks when you go w/ a party of more then 6 because they automatically add a 18% gratitude on your bill and that's probably the reason why they give such horrible service while you're there. The service is definitely disappointing. I had pho here and they told me they were out of bean sprouts. The waiter brought me shredded cabbage as a substitute. I also purchase bubble tea here and they told me they had no bubble left. My bubble tea tasted like a milk shake! If you want good quality Vietnamese food go to Saigon Palace! You will not regret it.Overall, I would only go here because its clean and in a good area and maybe because it was close by. But definitely would not go here if I had a choice!
3	food is really great. but the service sucks! i would have given this a 5star if not for the service. but i will sure come back but maybe not on a regular basis until i find another vietnamese restaurant with great food and great service.
4	I went to Pho Real alone and sat at the bar.  I had excellent service.  Maybe it was because I was at the bar?  Everyone else seems to have terrible luck with service.  This is one type of food I don't know much about, but the Pho was tasty.  I bought the combo Pho (which said most popular on the menu)  and was quiet pleased with the broth.  The meat was just ok in the Pho.  Another positive was the price.  I felt it was very reasonably priced.  It has a very cool and trendy ambiance.  Definitely worth a try.
4	I was in the mood for soup and found myself in the University area. I saw the sign for Pho Real and just HAD to try it out. The name is rad, and I hadn't had Vietnamese in months.The food was good and authentic (to the best of my knowledge) too. Clean, relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff. They carry sriracha in the condiments section of your table (which is a must for any good Asian food place, in my opinion) and that made me all the happier with my dish.I will definitely be returning- fo sho.
4	I'm a very discerning foodie but OMG... I had a great meal. I can't pronounce or spell what I had but it was basically a very good and rich chicken broth soup. I ordered it with sliced chicken, calamari, crab meat, and thin rice noodles. I order the "just right" size and it was perfect.The broth had scallions and cilantro in it already but they brought a plate of mung beans, Licorice leaves, and lime wedges. Since I love spicy oriental foods, I just had to add the sriracha and crushed Thai chili sauces on the table.With tax and tip, I only spent $10. Best part was it was late and my meal did not sit heavy on me at all. I was very comfortable the rest of the evening.
4	Pho! Pho! Pho!We flew into Charlotte and were driving up to the in-law's house a few hours away. Using the Yelper-Net, we found the restaurant and stopped for lunch. Perfect for a wintery day.They are located on the second floor in a little shopping complex. We had big bowls of pho. The prices weren't crazy, the staff was friendly, and all the patrons seemed to be enjoying themselves. Nicely done.
5	I'm not intrinsically drawn to ethnic restaurants that I haven't previously tried.  But Pho Real seemed like a safe bet for tasting Vietnamese food based on the recommendations of co-workers.  I've been twice in the past 3 weeks and I'm equally impressed with the service and food.On both occasions, I ordered the delicious lemongrass chicken.  It's a sweet and spicy dish with grilled chicken, onions (and lots of 'em), zucchini, carrots, and cauliflower.  This heaping dish is served with clumpy white rice.  The flavor is out of this world!  On the first trip, I ordered a Jasmine tea and on my last trip, a mango-flavored bubble tea.  The bubble tea is more like a smoothie/slushie with tapioca balls at the bottom...yum yum!  I felt like a kid again.  On both trips, I was promptly seated.  The server was proactive in asking if I had any questions about the dishes and regularly checked on me.  My parents, who had not eaten Vietnamese food previously, joined me for the second visit.  I explained to Hannah, the owner, and she was very gracious in explaining the menu options.  After they decided on pho, she brought out the "fixings" (lime, mint leaves, bean sprouts) and suggested how they should enjoy an authentic pho.  No condescension or impatience on Hannah's part, I'm really impressed by that.  The interior is pretty awesome...green walls and velvet seats. Definitely, a night lounge vibe but none of the pretension.  If you've never eaten Vietnamese food, Pho Real is a nice on-ramp to fulfilling meal...for real. (Ha ha, real pun-ny!!!)
4	Pho Shizzle! is what the creative loafing article on the wall of the front entrance of this place reads.  I was very happy with the soup choice I made... it really hit the spot.  Service was friendly and it seemed like they have a good regular following at this place.You can see the sign off of WT Harris near UNCC but it does take some effort to navigate back to the parking lot and then climb the stairs!  It is well worth it though.... mini workout and then good fresh food is a good lunch combo for me.
4	My 1st Vietnamese experience and my girlfriend took me to Pho! She works down the street so the people in there know her by name and order, so I went with her recommendation of the chicken and shrimp broth with thin noodles. We added the red rooster sauce (scriacha?) and YUM! While I was fearing something very salty, what I got was a delicious, warm meal that filled me up without making me feel like a total grease ball (see chinese food) or rice ball (see Rusan's sushi buffet). It was a little tough for a beginner like me to figure out how to use chopsticks AND the spoon/ladle utensil but I got the hang of it and enjoyed the experience. We added lime juice and bean sprouts and I would definitely try more Vietnamese food after this experience!
4	Cute waitress, very friendly staff..Huge serving sizes, and cheap.  Had the vermicelli, grilled pork and egg rolls.  Thai iced tea was good as well.
1	I got a hankering for something new last night, and since I'm a fan of the sushi at Yoshi's I spotted Pho Real across the way and decided to give them a try.Walked in at 9:30, and was asked if I was ready to order not only once in the first 60 seconds, but twice. Once immediately upon being seated -- so incredibly rude -- and once 30 seconds later after the jackass server brought me and my boyfriend our waters. We were both so offended, I ordered something in haste and he refused to even order, though we were both STARVING. We were so upset that as soon as I got my food I asked for a to-go container. It wasn't that great, honestly. For the price the food is totally sub-par, and it's not even that expensive. Just not worth it. Terrible service, blah food. Pass on this one. I heard Lang Van is much better, and maybe they won't rush you out the door as soon as you sit down. I will absolutely not be back, not even to give them a second chance.
5	Pho Real, you ask? Why YES IT IS. I only really care about the Pho, so that's what the 5 stars are all about. Do people actually order other things on the menu in Vietnamese restaurants aside from the Pho? For me, it's just a given. If it's on the menu I get tunnel vision. I accept it. The service was great, delicious Pho, and the sizes of the bowls are pretty gnarly even considering the price. Not very expensive at all. Fan. Pho. Life.
3	The food was good but the waiter over sold the dish.  It was good but the way the waiter talked about the food was over rated.
2	The name of the restaurant lure me in. It's not you're traditional Pho house. Growing up in Los Angeles. I Had much much better.
3	Good pho, probably one of the better ones you will find in north Charlotte. I'm giving it 3 stars BC they totally jip you on everything else on the menu when you're paying close to 10 bucks a platter
2	I am a pho fanatic, and this place failed the basic test for me. The broth was tasteless and so hot that the noodles got overcooked by the time it was cool enough to put in my mouth. The decor is pleasant if a little beat up. Everything was medium clean. The waiters were not especially helpful, but everything was quick.
3	Pho real was borderline 3, 2.5.  I went on a Friday night and it was not crowded at all. Service was alright though the water filling could have occurred more frequently.  As far as food goes the egg rolls were standard, the papaya salad was a good pick with a nice peanut sauce.  I had to get the pho and it was ok. I'm probably not a big pho fan in general but this particular concoction didn't seem very special or overly delicious.
4	Love Pho Real!! Not the best pho I've had but pretty good nonetheless. Service is always great and pretty fast. My only wish is that they give more veggies with the pho!
3	Four of us went to Pho Real on a Sunday evening.  During our time there the restaurant filled almost to capacity -- a good sign of a happy returning customer base.Our daughter and son-in-law had been there before and were eager to order the Papaya Salad, a plate of thin under-ripe papaya sticks topped with a chili oil sauce and some cilantro.  It was good, but not great.My wife had a grilled shirmp and pasta plate that would have been much better if the pasta hadn't been cold.  (The shrimp, however, were great)  I had a bowl of fried rice with tofu which was quite good but not outstanding.   S-i-L had a lemongrass tofu dish that was very good.The atmosphere in  Pho Real was nice, with the exception of a large TV over the bar at the far end of the restaurant.  The service was excellent.On the strength of our daughter and S-i-L's recommendation, I'd be willing to try Pho Real again in the future.  (If not for their recommendation, I'm not sure we would.)
4	Usually get TO GO most of the time.  Always enjoyed their combination Pho and summer rolls.  If you live in or near the university area, this is the place to get Pho.
5	Love the stuffed chicken wings and the rice combo plate as well as the pho!
2	I'm quite disappointed. Reading the other reviews made me curious to try this place out but it is nothing compared to pho in Maryland. My bowl didn't have much noodles and the soup itself barely stayed hot for long. I wouldn't suggest this place for those who have actually had authentic pho before.
5	I was in Charlotte for 7 months and I believe I ate here more than 50 times! I love Pho, and they definitely have the best Pho that I've ever tasted! Not to mention the large bowl is $8 and some change. Their fresh Spring Rolls are also very good and always fresh. I never tried anything else from there besides rice, but from what I've seen everything looks great. The employees are very nice, despite what I read before going there. The reviews actually almost kept me from going there but I'm glad I decided to try it out myself. I think you all should at least give it a try! I've never been disappointed!
2	So here goes my first ever review on Yelp.  I'll start by saying that in MY personal experience, the crummier and run down a Vietnamese place seems, the BETTER  the food will be.  In the pictures I saw on here this restaurant seemed real clean and tidy so I was skeptical(funny I know).  It also had a trendy/younger type atmosphere as far as the color scheme, lighting and music goes. They had tables on the left side of the room and booths on the right.  On the back wall of the restaurant was a 9-11 person bar with about 4 beers on tap, plenty more in bottles, what seemed to be a full liquor bar and a flat screen with the Heat/Pacers game on.    When I first walked in I noticed the 90.0 health rating.  I thought this was strange since it seemed like such a clean place.  I won't guess as to why this is as it may not have anything to do with the food.  I was seated at a booth and as I do at every new Vietnamese place I go to I ordered the fresh spring rolls and beef Pho.  The spring rolls' rice paper was fairly dry which made pulling them apart difficult.  They did come with a sprig of cilantro which I thought was a nice touch as it's not common on the side with these.  The peanut sauce had hot sauce added directly into it which kind of helped since the sauce was pretty bland.     As far as the Pho goes, it was also below par and I'll explain why obviously.  The noodles did not seem to want to unstick from the ball they were massed in and I'll attribute this to the broth being just more than room temperature.  I and I'm sure most people are used to having their Pho come out steaming and piping hot.  And we like this because just as with our coffee, it makes you feel like you are getting it fresh.  As with most Pho it came with a side of sliced jalapenos, wedges of lime and basil.  The cilantro was missing for some reason and I'll guess/joke that I got it with the spring rolls instead of the soup.  We all know how expensive cilantro is ----  Another Joke.   So as I was working on the soup and having my arms gluing to the sticky table my opinion was dropping rapidly.  I know a lot of people like this place as the reviews show, but I've eaten at many Vietnamese restaurants in many different places and states as I travel for work and I did not find this to be a good representation of Vietnamese food in the U.S. and wouldn't come here again.  Now it may be that it was just an off night but all the things I just explained lean towards it being that this is just the way this place is.  If you like Vietnamese food and know your stuff, you'll see right through this place.  I also don't like how I had to climb stairs to the second floor of the building to be disappointed.     The last two things that caught my attention were that, all the white people were seated by the hostess on the right side of the restaurant and all the Asian people were seated on the left side.  I didn't take offense to this as I found it funny.  The other thing I noticed was the Jimmy John's across the parking lot when I left and knew I had made a poor decision.
5	Authentic Vietnamese food.  Delicious pho, tofu stir fry, summer rolls and Vietnamese ice coffee.
4	Wow! What the Pho do they put in that? The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is I only had one dish. I want to try more before I give them a 5.I just had a bowl of take out Pho for the first time. This is not just the first time I've had Pho from Pho Real, but the first time I've had it at all.All I was really wanting was a decent bowl of soup for lunch and boy did I get a lot more than that. I've never had such a fresh bowl of soup when getting it to go before. They actually give it to you in the separate components so it all stays fresh until you mix it yourself. Don't think it's work because all you have to do is pour it all together, but it keeps everything from getting soggy and it keeps the meat from overcooking. Yes, they even give you the meat raw, but it is sliced SUPER thin, so as soon as it hits the hot broth it starts to cook to a beautiful rare.I opted for the Tai Pho with just the thinly sliced eye round steak with thick rice noodles. The meat was so tender it seemed to melt in my mouth. The freshness of every ingredient was amazing.  A big sprig of super fresh basil, some lime wedges, some kind of fresh sprouts, a few slices of some green chiles and perfectly cooked rice noodles come together with the deep, rich broth and the thinly sliced beef to make a soup that was just amazing.I ate the whole bowl so quickly I was shocked because they give you a good portion. I got the Vua, or just right size, and it was.I can't wait to actually go have a meal in their dining room. They have a bar and there was a pretty big crowd already eating lunch when I picked mine up, which was barely after 12, noon, so the word is obviously out that this place is good.
3	I love vietnamese food, and if you don't, you're wicked. A co-worker suggested this place at my new job. I don't know the Univ area very well so needed some suggestions. I was greeted almost immediately when I came in. The place was half packed (it's actually pretty big) and very clean.I ordered the h tiu with thick rice noodles and a couple of shrimp gi cun. The gi cun were excellent and came with their own house sauce, instead of the traditional plum sauce, which was spicy and delicious. Not sure what was in it but very nice. It came with a slice of carrot at the bottom which added a very nice crunch to it.My h tiu was delicious but it didn't have enough meats. I think I found maybe a couple of shrimp and two slices of pork, but mostly it was noodles. Nothing out of the ordinary here, just good food.
3	I give Pho Real a 3 star because it's close to home. I get my usual fresh shrimp rolls (which is hard to mess up) and pho dac biet.  I'm usually in and out in less than half hour which is awesome for me because I really don't have a lot of time to get a good meal and I hate fast food. I would give it one more star but I'm half Vietnamese so I'm partial to my own pho :)
5	I've been here twice now and it was awesome both times. I ordered the pho dac biet which is like the combination bowl. It has stuff like tendon, meatballs and slices of beef. It was delicious but if you aren't terribly adventurous you can order a bowl of pho with just slices of beef. I love that they offer 4 sizes of bowls of pho. You can get a small, medium, large or extra large portion. They have special names for the sizes but I don't remember all of them. The biggest is called the train and it is enormous. They have amazing appetizers like fresh spring rolls, papaya salad, and lotus stem salad. I adore the lotus stem salad. It's so fresh and crunchy. They offer more than just pho but so far that's all I've ordered for a main dish. I'd like to try their vermicelli bowls next time I go. They have delicious bubble tea there also. There are just so many options here that you're bound to find something you love.
4	I came here on Labor Day and was not to satisfied by the seating layout. This place is not for those of us who are brave enough to eat a party of 1.  Nonetheless, I stood there stomach growling over mindless paranoia. I sat at the only place single guy can eat witch is by the bar.  I got my undesired, though obligated Mich Ultra and ordered some Pho with beef fat and fishballs. Very delicious I shall say.  This in combination with fresh spring rolls. was awesome.  The staff was polite though full of gossip and liked to discuss their schedule alot.  Overall its a cool place to be enjoyed by all
5	When I moved to Charlotte a couple years ago, I will admit the name drew me in as something fun.  But the food is what has kept me coming back.  The food is so fresh and delicious.  As a vegetarian, Vietnamese food is something that I rarely get to enjoy because most do not do veggie versions of the food.  But Pho Real does and they do it fantastically.  The fresh spring rolls are perfect with a great texture and flavor.  The peanut dipping sauce is awesome.  I get the veggie pho soup.  The veggies are perfectly tender. The tofu is prepared perfectly.  My husband gets the veggie fried rice most often and it is equally as satisfying.  Our meat eating friends rave about the meat versions as well.  It is a great place to bring diverse tastes.  I go there weekly and bring out of town guests as well .
5	I don't know what sort of magical pixie dust they put in the food here, but every time I'm close by I have to stop in. I am vegetarian and I typically get the fresh vegetarian spring rolls, which come with a sweet peanut dipping sauce. I'm usually more a fan of fried spring rolls (which they have) but these are fantastic. I also get the basic vegetarian fried rice dish. It's cheap and unbelievably good. It really has some kind of magic ingredient in it and I wish I knew what it was. If you put a bit of their hoisin and srirachi sauce on it, good lord, it's stellar. The service is great too, especially this one guy, I don't know his name but he's always smiling and has a calm quiet demeanor. Fantastic waiter. The atmosphere is fine, it's nothing exceptional but it is comfortable and nice. I'm looking forward to more visits!
5	I've visited this restaurant many times and I've never had a bad experience.  The Pho dac Biet and Hu Tieu Mi are really good and you're even given the opportunity to add extra meat (you can't beat that).  The fresh spring rolls are some of the best that I've had in Charlotte, the rolls contain both pork and shrimp.As for value, you can't beat a medium sized bowl of Pho, spring rolls and a beverage for around $15.  For those that aren't very comfortable with the soups, they also offer a variety of other dishes.  The chicken, beef or pork with broken rice dishes are very good.Service is very attentive and friendly, I can't remember a single instance where my water or beverage has ever ran low.  The waiters are also very patient and willing to answer any questions that you have about the dishes or how to pronounce anything.
5	Have been to most if not all of the Pho Restaurants in Charlotte-I'd have to say this one is better than the rest, nice, clean, friendly environment, and it always got people in and out of the restaurants-good food. Plus they have Banh Mi here.
3	Decent Pho. Not great but not bad
5	Per Yelp I'm a regular here! Great food! Friendly staff! Relaxing environment! Within distance from UNCC! Best Pho in Charlotte.
2	I live nearby and the 2 star rating is based on 10+ visits. Most unfavorable experience is with their waiters. I tip them regular base 15% and I expect much better service. I won't be their place anymore. Things I have experienced with this place:1) Go there lunch time around 1:30 PM for three times on week days, wait 5-10 min for waiter came to ask what to eat today, wait another 30+ min for the noodle while the restaurant is only 70% full. 2) Go there 8:00PM later for four to five times on week days, speed is normal, wait 15min and get the dish. I order same noodle same size, they actually put less things than they did in lunch time, politely point out that to their waiter and they say they just put less soup and it looks 'less'. Highly suspecting they are kinda run out noodles and meats and don't want make new before they close door.3) One time when I found there are too little soup for train size - large size bowl and my large size looks no difference with friend's just right - mid size bowl, I ask waiter add soup and guess what? Waiter told me extra soup (refill soup) is charged. I can not believe they just say it... Totally out of my expectation4) Another time I was in at lunch peak, I and my friends, four people, their waiter arranged two other guests came in later than us order first and let us wait. No excuse, there are a lot of table available at the time. Waiters not professional.[JUST ABOUT FOOD]:Food itself is good. Above medium around Pho noodle restaurants I have visited at Chicago, DC, Denver and Charlotte.[ADVICE TO MANAGER]:Hire more waiter and chef for peak hours.Train your waiter to be professional.Treat your customer fair, okay?
5	I go here whenever I'm in the University area and I just can not stay away!! I go to a couple pho restaurants in the DC area and still have not found another that rivals Pho Real... I always get the same thing, pho combo bowl and extra bowl of meatballs, because it just doesn't get much better than that!The serving sizes are perfect and all the ingredients are fresh and just... ya know, YUM!!Love the staff, they are always friendly and helpful. Haven't had any issues in Pho Real that I can think of, aside from the walk up the stairs outside to get there :)I have eaten in but mostly pick up my order. The orders always come out very quickly.One of my favorite restaurants, hands down. Great comfort food and great prices and now you can even place your to go order online. Fantastic!
4	Went here with my girlfriend for a casual lunch. Great food, great price. Will definitely come bak if I am in the area.
4	I come here every time I'm in Charlotte.  I'm the type of person who drinks the broth and leave some of the noodle/meat and even so, with most places, the broth is never good enough for me to finish.  Something about the pho here makes me finish my entire bowl--noodle and everything.  Yum!
4	First time here.  Good selection and will definitely return soon with the family.
3	Its not bad pho, its just not great pho.  When I wrote my first review I was a rookie and didn't have anything to compare it too.  Now that my pho palate has some notches in its belt I can say that this isn't the real deal.Maybe I was here on an off day, but the broth just didn't have that depth and complexity as compared to Ben Thanh or Vietnam Grille.  Thats really about the extent of my review.  The ambiance is nice and I'd say if you are in the area its worth visiting, but other than that, there are other places worth the journey.
3	Avocado Smoothie was Very Good!  Art on Boys room Door is just right!!Service was Fantastic!  Place looks really cool (they could lose a few if the  pictures on the wall)!  Dancing must stay and the Guys at her table can stay too, they were quite the ENTERTAINMENT!!!Fish Sauce was good with more spice than I have eaten anywhere... Broken Rice was Perfect.Meat was just ok or not quite!  They served us some kind of Broth that I was glad we did not order, it was Bad!  I'm sure they have better Pho... We did not taste any. Vietnamese Coffee was not quite right!!!
4	If you are into healthy food, not heavy and natural....this is your place!I've been coming to this place fr years, my favorite is Pho soup of curse, Papaya salad, and Lemongrass chicken or tofu...Is really good and affordable, my Vietnamese friends would be a little more critical, but...for me is pretty good.
1	Don't take children here.  Probably due to the name, this place is a magnet for swag losers and all around D-bags.  This place was full of scumbags and all you can hear constantly is the F-word and sheeeeyyitt.  I ever heard the phrase "fo' real" being used repeatedly.  That's like wearing a Rush t-shirt to a Rush concert...you just don't do it.  Seriously though I've never been legitimately turned off to a restaurant because of its customer base.  The 1 star rating was hardly even due to the above though...The food might have been okay on a different day, but it took forever to get our meal, and then the pho was luke warm.  It was so cold that the beansprouts didn't soften and none of the flavors from the other ingredients infused.  The waitress didn't give us the opportunity to ask that they microwave our soup.  Which brings me to the service...One girl took our order, a guy brought our food, and a different girl brought the check.  When they came to the table, they were so hurried, you couldn't say anything to them.  We never got refills.  Forget this place.  Go anywhere else.  They had one job, and that was to bring us hot pho, and they couldn't.
1	Must have ordered the wrong item. I ordered the chicken pho and the chicken was inedible - leathery. I complained to our server and he apologized but did not  offer to change my order. The egg roll was good though.
3	This place gets me solid 3 star because the dishes are consistent and very good average. Nothing spectacular but no surprises. Priced at market rates. Great location and friendly staff as well. Luck is on their side with an absence of direct competitors in the immediate area.
4	I had never eaten Pho before today and now I'm wondering what took me long.  Pho Real was a excellent choice for my first ecperience.  The wait staff is personable and  attentive; the service was quick and accurate.  One of the persons in our party mistakenly ordered the wrong spring roll and it was corrected with no questions from the waiter.  I had the Vegetarian Tofu Chili with a side of Jasmine Rice and it was delicious.  I will definitely be back
1	I never wanted to be one of those people that give bad reviews but I just had to.  Maybe it's because I grew up in California and have had better pho's, but this place was no pho. I don't know if I came at a bad day or somebody was new but food was bad. No good service can compensate for the food. That's how horrible it was. Don't get the rice plates! Stick with the pho. I didn't try their appetizers but maybe that would be better.
4	Unlike the previous reviewer (ahem ahem Ums)  I think this place is pretty good. Overpriced? Admittedly. However, being Vietnamese and being subjected to "real 3rd world cooking culture", I gotta say I am totally willing to pay that extra bit to ensure I'm not eating something that may or may not have had the expiration date completely ignored. The pho is pretty good; not my mom's but I can't drive hours every time I get hungry OR have a hangover (best hangover cure EVER) I suggest getting Pho Tai if you're a newbie. The appetizers are pretty dang good too. The spring/summer rolls are both amazing. Probably some of the best (aside from homemade) around Charlotte.Com Tam (broken rice) is also amazing; you can choose 3 sides (mmm spring rolls) so how can you not win? Anyway service is pretty good, sometimes a lil pokey, but always friendly. Overall I dig it.
5	Best pho in nc. Hands down. Better than pho hoa, pho 9n9 in Raleigh, lime & basil in chapel hill, and even the pho places in Richmond,va
3	Been eating here 2-4 times a month for 2 years. Used to be our favorite place. Service is always attentive but the last few times hasn't been as good as normal, fresh rolls were excellent but our pho broth (both the beef and chicken based) was not as flavorful and the meal was kinda flat. Also noticed on last trip sanitation score was 90.....not acceptable. Have been branching out to other pho places in the city, hope they get back to where they were before.
3	The pho here is sub par. For the location it's great though if you don't feel like driving all the way to central to get better pho. Wouldn't recommend it for someone who want authentic pho. The broth is too murky and not clean and clear like it's suppose to be. The servings on the plates of food are also a bit small as well.
4	I've eaten here a few times in the past. Finally brought my wife because she has been wanting some Vietnamese food. She absolutely loved it and I wasn't disappointed. Tried a few items that I haven't tried before. Their avocado shake was really good and it was my first time trying it. Will definitely be coming back.
4	This was my first experience with Vietnamese food so in comparison to other places here in charlotte, I can't say it's the best, but this is definitely a new favorite spot for me!! My first thought when looking at the menu was "It better be worth it!!" The food was a bit pricey, in my opinion, but after sinking my teeth into it, it's well worth the $15 I paid.  I was too chicken to be adventurous with in my selection so I kept it simple...I ordered the Fresh Spring Rolls with shrimp (2 rolls with each order) and their Shrimp Fried Rice (sizable portion for 1 person). The spring rolls were super fresh and the sauce you dip them in was amazing!  The fried rice literally was the most flavorful fried rice I've ever had in my life!!!  Service was good and the staff is very friendly and very helpful. Overall I was very satisfied and will definitely be back soon. Next time I plan to try the Pho and TWO orders of Spring Rolls!
5	Best Pho place I've ever been to! I want to support them so much that I bought their shirt to wear back home! We come here every time we're in town! Keep up the amazing work!
5	I love the bun bo hue ! It's soooo good and the Che Thai. Went here for the first time not too long ago and I loved it! My husband also enjoyed the pho which was good. But I'm glad they serve bun bo hue cause a lot of places don't.
4	My first vietnamese restaurant in town like their pho and spring roll.
5	LOVED this place. We stopped by here TWICE in one weekend when we were at a conference nearby. The staff is super nice, the service is great but the FOOD was delicious. I'm not exactly easy to please with restaurants, but the food here was superb. I had the Lemon Grass Chili tofu from the vegetarian section plus Jasmine tea. My hubby had a pork noodle dish and our friend some kind of big salad and they were all delicious. It's so nice to find a place that you can get excited about. THANK YOU Pho Real! Yes they are for real ;)!
4	Delicious! The service was excellent and the food was fresh and flavorful!! Definitely going back soon!
5	Delicious!!! Excellent customer service!! We are from California where there is a plethora of Vietnamese restaurants to choose from so competition is steep...Pho Real held up to those high standards and is my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant! Good vegetarian selection as well!
4	Service was attentive and friendly. The price was good for the amount of food you get. I got the traditional beef pho and it was delicious.Tip: you can get a mix of meats in your pho
2	As a frequent eater of pho and spicy foods in general, I would advise to avoid.  I had a good deal of intestinal difficulty after eating here - probably due to the (my fault, I ate it) congealed chili oil.  The ph was gluton-ey and stuck to the bottom of my bowl. Bad experience overall due to that.  The food generally tasted good while I was there, though the fish sauce was too sweet. The waitstaff was very attentive and asked me several times if I needed more water or sauce.I got the Pho ga. By the end of the meal, we, collectively (two of us) had a mound of gristle 2" by 4".  That said, the broth was *great* and probably as good as that from Pho Ha in Greensboro.  The noodles are not so good.  They stuck together at the bottom of the bowl.All in all, if you want a good bowl of Pho, stick to Vietnam Palace on South Boulevard.
5	We got take-out pho after reading the Yelp reviews.  (one with meatballs, the other with Tai.)  We both thought it was delicious!  They packaged the broth separate from the noodles, meat, and fresh veggies.  Put all together  - it was a delicious meal & just what we were looking for.
5	This is my go to spot for taking my family out. I am a regular here with my daughter most of the time. I recently just got my husband to start coming out with us. Every time we come here, it is always same consistent GREAT FOOD and Service! I patronize in great authentic food and this brings back good memories of good food. Everything is delicious. We had the Thai Tea - outstanding! The Vermicelli noodles with shrimp and chicken, I love it! I am always back, I think people know me by now!
4	Great Food, great drinks, nice atmosphere, good service open late and never a let down!!!
5	One of my favorite place to eat... Food is delicious, quiet environment, great drinks
4	I came here with my boyfriend after a day at Carowinds and was pleasantly surprised by how good this place was. Usually I pick the pho restaurants we go to but he suggested this one, and I would most definitely come here again. It's located in a nice little shopping complex on the second story. The restaurant itself has quite a few tables but it was pretty full because Saturday night. However, we were seated quickly and given menus. You can get pho in 4 different sizes, which I LOVED. There's a big bowl, a just right bowl, a small bowl, and a bowl for kids (I assumed). Extra points for that. Price points are pretty reasonable for the sizes as well. I ordered a small bowl of pho (their most popular combo of meats) and my boyfriend got the biggest pho with flank and rare eyeround with no onions and cilantro. I was sick earlier during the day and I was able to keep my food down, which was nice.The broth was very light and clear which means that they boiled it for a long time. It was really flavorful and I slurped up pretty much every single drop. I also liked that they had lime wedges and not lemon ones (and they were very generous with their lime, bean sprouts and basil). Overall, very delicious. Service was also very good! Water glasses were constantly checked and everyone seemed very nice.Complaints: as my boyfriend was signing the check, I saw a sizable black bug on the ground. And the sanitation score was only 90. I mean, being Asian, I'm not tooooo picky about that... but the bug was honestly pretty gross. Yep.
4	My first time experience here was positive (I ordered pho takeout).  Overall,  nice place, greeted promptly,  and felt the prices in line with their offering and overhead (they are located in a pricier storefront).  The pho was very good and was fun to assemble at home.   Will go again!
4	Great service most of the time. Super fresh ingredients that wont weigh you down even with a large dish. I am an addict for the combination pho bowl. The quail app and shakes always make my day. A great place to warm up during cold weather and a really nice deal for such quality dishes.
4	The servers were friendly. The place was cozy on a cold day. I ordered the rare beef pho and my dining partner ordered a noodle dish. The protein was very good quality. We also ordered the pork rolls were were different, but very good. I will be back here for sure to recop for a day at ikea!
2	The owner's mom used to own a restaurant in central avenue, then she sold it to help out her daughter here. The pho at first is still as good as the old place, but now the quality and the quantity are both becoming worse and worse every time I come here. I would rather drive couple more miles down the road to Asian corner next time. Peace out pho real.
4	I come here pretty often as it's very close and convenient to UNCC. Great spring rolls appetizers, good desserts. The Pho is better some days than others. Won't be the best Pho you'll ever eat, but definitely a solution to any "Pho cravings".
5	Bun bo hue from here is always delicious.  Years ago, I use to hate this place.  To this day, the hate still sticks around.  The pho and service here use to be awful.  I would make the extra ten minute drive to the pho places in the ghetto just for better service and better pho.Lately, I've given them another chance.  Their service has been more than excellent.  I've been there three times within the past month since I've decided to give them another chance.  2/3 times, I ordered food that was delicious (both bun bo hue).  3/3 times the service was quick, polite, and attentive to the table's needs.They've come a long way with service and food quality from when I quit eating there four years ago.The restaurant itself is clean and the seating is very spacious.  They have a full service bar and it's quiet there for the most part.If you asked me four years ago to recommend a pho place, I would immediately tell people to go to Central Avenue or I'd offer to make it.  Now, if you're looking for a good pho place in the university area, I would recommend pho real.Whatever you guys did to turn your food and restaurant around, awesome!  Keep doing it!
5	The boba here is really good.  They have a pretty  good flavor  selection.  The ambiance  is nice.  I love the art on the walls.  The menu looks great.  I only tried the bubble tea.  Next time I will definitely  have dinner there.  If you do get the pineapple bubble tea ask for a little  more flavor, it was a little light in flavor.  Other than that it was a go.
5	The boba here is really good.  They have a pretty  good flavor  selection.  The ambiance  is nice.  I love the art on the walls.  The menu looks great.  I only tried the bubble tea.  Next time I will definitely  have dinner there.  If you do get the pineapple bubble tea ask for a little  more flavor, it was a little light in flavor.  Other than that it was a go.
