5	I went in last Monday to try out this new restaurant just a hop, skip, and a jump away from Yogurtology. The menu is quite extensive. Whew! I ordered the chicken Picado combo, which came with a side of rice and beans and some tortillas. The chicken was well marinated and the veggies sauteed well. I loved the flavors. Yay! Good job!There was a man eating next to me who had ordered a burrito the size of a mack truck. No joke, you could get four good meals out of it. Seriously. It. Was. Huge. I am not kidding! I am shaking my head just writing this right now. The staff was fast and friendly, the decor fun and different from your hole-in-the-wall Mexican food joints. Good prices, more than fair for the amount of food you get. In fact, nothing on the menu is more than $8.95. Good luck to the newly born business!
5	My brother told me about this new Mexican Grill that just opened in the Safeway Shopping Center at 67th Avenue & the 101, Salsa Blanca. He took me today for lunch, the portions are huge for a very reasonable price. I love the decor! Dino and Jenn are the owners, Jenn came over introduced herself to me, she already new my brother and wanted to make sure that everything was fine with the food which was excellent. I ordered the Seafood Enchilada and my brother the Spinach and then we shared our platters. Dino is real community oriented he really wants to get involved with the surrounding schools and different sports teams.  If you haven't had the opportunity to check out Salsa Blanca I highly recommend that you stop in and let them know you heard about them from Yelp. I guarantee you will enjoy the food, prices and atmosphere not to mention Dino, Jenn and their staff. Happy Eating!!!!!!
2	Vegetarian burrito AND grilled Vegetarian burritos are both made with animal lard (in the beans).  One employee shrugged her shoulders, another said "that's the way it is", and a third said I'd just have to order it without the (lard) beans.  Why make this naive restaurant mistake?  Don't call it a vegetarian burrito if it isn't vegetarian.  Just call it a veggie burrito.   It's especially annoying because vegetarians tend to gravitate towards more gringo places like this one that are more likely to have vegetarian items than the more "traditional" Mexican places where lard and chicken stock is put in everything.Grilled veggie burrito had cold cheese inside.  Not melted, not lukewarm, but cold.  Tortilla wasn't the slightest bit warm either, just as if it was served raw.  So there's this cool to the touch tortilla with cold cheese inside, and then the grilled veggies.  Tables receive salsa which is nice, the hot is really more of a medium, but then a small portion of chips.  The one-top next to me had the same chips portion and we had 3 in our party.  Why do this to people?  You're going to hear a request for more chips within the first few minutes, and people are going to wonder why the table only had one little portion in the first place.Atmosphere is clean with huge mirrors on some of the walls, and a flat panel TV on the other showing a nature documentary.  A few fake Macaws hanging from the ceiling.  It still has a trace of the Pick Up Stix feel that used to be here but went out of business.  Ordering procedure is the same.Staff was entirely unlike most Mexican places - vast majority of people were caucasian, or gringo if you prefer, and that raises an eyebrow in an ethnic restaurant.  Maybe that matters to the reader here, maybe not.On a positive note, the employees did check on tables as folks were dining, and were over the top with politeness.   That's incredibly rare these days.
3	This place is a little different than the over half dozen fast casual Mexican style eateries we have to choose from in this area . Salsa Blanca serves your meal on real plates and you sit in a nice dining room so it has the feel of a sit down eatery and this place has delivery service .As for the food we find it somewhat average and for the most part what we'd expect for this kind of place .I had the Chicken Taco Salad the meal was served on a large oval plate (not a taco shell? taco salad?) but on the up side the peppers and onions were sauteed not raw so it was more like a fajita salad so I guess that is an upgrade . I also tried a side of guacamole ,it seemed to be made with fresh avocado but it had sour cream mixed into it so for me it wasn't the best but it also wasn't the worst either (I really hate when guacamole is frozen or made with frozen avocado) I confess I was not a fan of the seasoning on this particular chicken in my salad but they offer others .My husband had a combination plate of three things with rice and beans . This place fresh fries your taco so it is one better for tacos than some places that use the shell out of a box . The chicken in his enchilada looked like white meat shredded he thought his meal was OK . I might also need to note we were checked on several times by many different people....so I can say service is stellar .We have many similar restaurants in this area and Each one is unique and each one does at least one thing better than the others . For a low cost fast casual meal out it's OK .
5	Just went to Salsa Blanca, and I gotta say, it was good.  We got to meet Jenny (owner) and were impressed.  My wife and I ordered what we were told was a huge burrito each, but we had no idea how literal that statement was.  I got the Beef Super Burrito, and my wife got the chicken one.  It was the size of three Chipotle burritos, and it was less than 7 dollars!  We got them enchilada style with green sauce, and they were amazing.  we only finished a small portion and took the rest home.While dining, our drinks were refilled and we got to chat with some of the staff.  It was a very friendly, personable, yet professional environment.  And I love that they have Pepsi products.  Working at a restaurant myself, I can say I am impressed with the service, food, and atmosphere at Salsa Blanca.My wife and I will definitely be back, and bringing friends.
4	Very nice place with extremely friendly staff.  The food was similar quality to other Mexican food places in the NW Valley....good but not spectacular.   Very good portions for the price.  I don't live close by but will certainly go back when I am in the area.
4	This is a great new gem in the Arrowhead area.  The food is fresh with  great value.  We ordered a grilled chicken burrito and it was stuffed with black beans, corn, peppers. Certainly not the same old, same old!  Shrimp taco was delicious as was the seafood enchilada.  Chicken enchilada was exceptional,  very unique sauce.  They make all their own sauces in house.   This is certainly a place the Arrowhead neighborhood needs to support!   Finally a neighborhood restaurant that is just a great place to get a simple meal that is good and gives good value!!
5	I have been to Salsa Blanca twice this week after falling in love with it on Monday. I ordered the green beef burrito which was excellent! The beans had a great flavor and the rice was pretty good- although I'm typically not a big fan of rice. My mom got the tostada which she said was good. The second time we went there for breakfast. I ordered the breakfast burrito and my boyfriend ordered the chorizo and egg burrito. The breakfast burrito was very good! Definitely worth the small amount of money we paid! The bacon in the burrito was crispy unlike several other places. My boyfriend said the chorizo was very good and was spiced perfectly. I will definitely be back in the future :)
3	The place looks exactly like it did before only the food changed and is now mexican cuisine. Average and good food but nothing special. If you want a quick bite to eat this place will do.
5	Great food, reasonable prices and EXCELLENT SERVICE!   The owners get to know you and recognize you on return visits!   What more can you ask for in a family style restaurant?  They are very accommodating for large groups too!!
5	WOW! this was delicious!  The salsas are pretty tasty. Mild, green, fire roasted (which I found myself eating continuously), hot and of course pico de gallo. As we were walking to the car my son said "I'm glad we went here.  It was good.  You know what I liked best?  The salsa!"My kid loved his cheese quesadilla.  It was LARGE. I had a bite and I'm thinking they butter the cooking surface as it reminded me of a grilled cheese sandwich.  He got some beef on the side but hardly put a dent in it.I had a beef taco and chili relleno combo and they were both great!  The taco had one of the tastiest shells I've ever had, but the relleno was the highlight of the night for me.  Appearance and texture were not impressive, but the sauce they put over it... WOW!  Saute'd peppers and tomatoes - not the usual red sauce for sure.Other things to note - They guys working were exceptional.  They came out and checked on us a couple times.  You could tell it was important to them that we loved the food.  I was initially disappointed with the $19 I spent on a meal and a quesadilla, but we added meat to the quesadilla and got two drinks - and the food was tasty enough to make the price appropriate.  We will be back soon!
1	Oh. My. God. This place is awful. Everything ordered tasted like it was just opened out of the can and thrown in the microwave. The staff doesn't seem to really know whats going on. Stupid location. The only thing good about this place is that when i was finished, i was able to go to the frozen yogurt place a few doors down. It's a shame that this plaza is home next to TWO awful restaurants (babbo and this one.) in conclusion, YUCK.
4	I have been to Salsa Blanca now 3 times. It's in my neighborhood and I am thrilled to have great tasting grub so close to home ever since Dos Amigos closed.When you first walk in, it is an order at the counter type of place. They have a large menu and plenty to choose from. Prices are great! Around 5 - 7 dollars for a combo plate. And most items are around 2 dollars ala carte in case you are not a rice and beans type of person. (Like me)I have had the green corn tamales, a great value and the masa was moist, fluffy and tender. It was no puny little tamal either. One of the largest I have seen at a Mexican restaurant. I get it without the sauce on top. The sauce was good, but took away the sweetness of the green corn. Maybe over a red tamal it would be better. I have had the bean and cheese tostada which was ok. The enchiladas are very good and I would order them again! I was not really impressed with the tacos. They were not bad, just not great. I will give them points for not using a pre formed shell on the taco and tostada. My husband loves the chimis. I have yet to try them, but they sure look great. The rice and beans are good. But I only tasted them, like I said, I prefer to skip those. My husband also likes the nachos and the quesadilla which is pretty big! The salsa bar had a nice variety. I like the green sauce. I think its tomatillo. And the fire roasted sauce is good too. They also have mild,medium and pico de gallo. The only thing I did not care for were the chips. The first time they were great. The last two times they tasted re heated and one time was a bit stale and chewy. You can't have salsa this good and have chewy chips.  So hope they fix this. Although important to have great chips and salsa, it was the main menu items we were interested in. The staff is friendly and a man that I am guessing was the owner, was stopping by each table and asking how things were and re filling fountain drinks and getting salsa for people. A very nice touch.  The place is clean and the atmosphere is casual. A great place to stop in, and grab some food with the family...And an awesome green corn tamale!
4	Always happy to see a new restaurant serving Mexican food that's good, clean, fast & cost effective, Salsa Blanca met all my requirements on the first visit. Had the Cheese Enchilada combo with green sauce. I thought they were the best I've had in forever. I'm used to getting enchiladas with overly cooked corn tortillas; not here, the corn tortillas were cooked to perfection and the green sauce was super tasty.I held the last star back because the refried beans, as another Yelper mentioned, tasted like they recently resided in a tin can and the Spanish rice could have had a bit more spiciness. Overall, I really liked it and will be back, sooner rather than later.
4	I have been to Salsa Blance about six times and have been pleasently surprised.  The quesadillas, tamales, chicken tacos and fish tacos are great!  Another surprise was the seafood enchiladas...very good!  Wasn't real impressed with the red chile.  Overall very very good!
5	We love this place. The food is very good with large portions, and the prices reasonable. We go there at least once a week. The taco salad is great. My husband says the tacos are very good and the cheese crisp was the best he's ever had.
5	Wow, love that a place like this moved in down the street. Inexpensive, fresh, delicious - everything I want in a mexican restaurant.My soft shell carne asada taco was fantastic -- freshly prepared and topped with guacamole, which by the way is super creamy. Basket of chips are free, as is the toppings bar -- every one of the 6 or sauces were delicious. I plan on frequenting Salsa Blanca ; )
5	I absolutely love this place! I reside in the area and what we needed was some good Mexican food. Well, it is here and it is good! Prices are very very fair, the food's quality is super, customer service is outstanding, salsa is delicious; basically everything is great and I have no complaints. I am suspicious of other reviewers complaints, because I can't see one thing wrong with Salsa Blanca. Everything I have ate here is made to order, within viewing. The owner and his wife are always there, so if there was an issue, I am sure they would remake the food in question or fix the situation. Overall, this place is delicious and authentic. It's better then the local BIG Mexican food restaurants like Macayo's and Garcias, even better then Top Shelf which was our only area choice since Ninfa's went under. I will be a repeat customer.
5	Strangely addicting!  The green salsa is amazing.  Food is fresh quick and tasty!  Only thing they need to adjust is there fish taco!
5	Fourth time here at this place, and I'm going with a winner. I gauge every Mexican place here in the Valley off of their Machaca chimis, and this one has scored each time. Unlike the "other" ones here in the Arrowhead Ranch area, this one delivers a crisp outer layer (guac and sour cream) with moist meat inside. The spice is a bit much at time, and they could add some cheese to the inside, but comparability, this one is the best in the area.The fam has had the Quesadillas without complaints, and the service is top notch. Although it's order and sit, you get real plates and real silverware, and a few HD televisions to watch while you eat. The owner may be a bit finicky picking things off your table while you're conversing with someone, but I guess it's better than being ignored. The salsa bar is fresh, and the chips were okay, but at times the cashier forgets to give them to you. I chalk these up to new opening jitters, and as long as the quality stays, I'll be a regular. Ambiance and politeness is much better than the surrounding 'others' you'll have to deal with here in Arrowhead Ranch.
4	Although I did not eat in the restaurant, and I didn't even see it since my husband picked up the food, I have to say that what I had was excellent. I had chicken tacos and beef tacos (crispy tortilla shells) and my husband had the chili rellenos. I know that what I had is practically gringo food and might not seem the best thing to review, but I disagree. Sometimes, it's the simple things that can indicate greatness. And if that's true, I'm sold on Salsa Blanca. The restaurant is in a strip shopping center on 67th Avenue and 101. It's menu is pretty typical Mexican, but it's the execution of those menu items that is important, right?My tacos (both the chicken and the beef) were nicely seasoned. I've been to many places like this where I've had to eaten salt-sodden food and this place does a good job with seasoning. The salsas were very good as well, though the hot was merely medium. There was not a lot of grease and there was plenty of cheese on the tacos.I'm happy that we on the west side have such a good Mexican restaurant as Ninfa's hardly qualified. It was horrible. Nice-looking ambiance but horrible food and even worse prices. I am hoping that we in the Arrowhead area patronize this place so it doesn't have to close its doors like half of the other quality restaurants, gone undiscovered for too long a time, have. Eat local and patronize local businesses. I'm not sure, but I don't think this is a chain. All I can say is that I'm a huge foodie and this place passed my first test with flying colors!
5	Fun place, great food, better atmosphere!  We were recommended here by a teacher at the girls school (apparently the sister owns it) so we checked it out after church one night.The restaurant is an order and seat yourself kind of place. The price is very reasonable, about 34.00 for a famil of 4. The food was perfectly cooked and everything was fresh and of quality ingredients.The place was packed the entire time we were there and you could tell that it was just a great place to be. Highly recommended!Btw: the just got their beer and wine license!
1	Went there for a fundraiser for my daughters school. It is a poor attempt for Mexican food. The taquitos tasted like they were made from frozen. There was a salsa bar which sounds good in theory but cell short with salsas from a jar. The service was ok but with the food being so bad I can't ever think to go back there. I would suggest staying away even for fundraisers.
1	Given this place 3 tries and continues to disappoint. Higher priced bland Mexican food. With so many options in the area it's not worth it.
1	If only I could rate it lower.  If you haven't eaten mexican food you might like this place.  Green sauce was burnt, salsa was boring, carne asada tasted like Italian food.  Sad.  I miss good mexican food.  :(
5	I have gone to Salsa Blanca several times now and have enjoyed myself each and every time. The food is very tasty and good sized portions, so as a large man I was not disappointed. Ownership is very kind and social which creates a friendly atmosphere that I enjoy. I am very happy that there is a good Mexican food joint north of the Loop 101. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants good affordable Mexican food.
4	The food was really good, portions were large, the margarita was just ok, but the atmosphere wasn't what I was looking for. Order and seat yourself, it's more like fast food. Neat little salsa bar though. I'd go back.
5	Food was great - anyone who has ever eaten GOOD MEXICAN food will know this place is where its at.  The portions are HUGE - food is YUMMY, Decor is relaxing - and the dining area is Clean... but most importantly, this restaurant is ran by a Family and when you ask for the Manager - you get the Owners - they are Great - and care about your dinning experience with them.   I have recommended Salsa B to many Sun City Residents - most are picky food critics all LOVED Salsa B - they felt the food was good, prices GREAT ( some thought the prices should be raised) all will be going back - all will pass the word to their friends and family - all wish these Great New Entrepreneurs  the BEST OF LUCK w/this One of a Kind Mexican Food Restaurant --- Chili R's and Beef Taco's ARE  TO DIE FOR - I am SOOOOO Hooked ... OOPS - Try the Margaritas -- Nice Buzzzzzz
2	Not the type of restaurant I was expecting.  Order and seat yourself style.Prices are low.  Taste is very bland - no spices, no seasoning.  VERY AMERICAN, no real Mexican flavor to it.  Boring!  Salsa bar is a great idea, but even that has no flavor.  The hot salsa was more of a mild flavor.Customer service is amazing though! Never had to get up to fill up my drink, constantly asking you if you need anything too.I probably wouldn't come here again, although I am glad I tried it, I would prefer to go somewhere with a little more flavor.
1	Simply the blandest, colorless, pasty Mex food I've ever had. No spice, no flavor & lackluster presentation at best. Agree it tastes like it all just came out of a can. Better off spending the same at Rubios, Baja Fresh or even Taco Bell. Maybe with the new liquor license you can imbibe enough to make it taste good. Really wanted this place to be a hit since I live nearby and love my Mex, and it didn't bother me about the atmosphere or self seating - good for kids just not your taste buds.
4	Fast delivery!  Good Mexican food for delivery. A lot of food.
4	Love the chile relleno, get it with the ranchero sauce on the side so you can enjoy the crispy relleno and still get the tasty ranchero sauce.  The nachos serving was so huge, my kids shared it and still brought some home.  Super friendly service.
5	One of my favorite Mexican places in the Arrowhead area!Order the number 9 Chimi!
5	This is absolutely my favorite Mexican food restaurant. I live in Flagstaff but eat here every time I am in the Phoenix area. I have tried several menu items and they are all amazing! Everything was always fresh, including the salsas. Tried several of the flavored margaritas and loved them. I don't normally order dessert but was told the cream cheese & carmel mini chimis (with ice cream) were not to be passed up. I was not dissappointed! The staff is super friendly and very attentive. Can't wait for my next visit!
5	Great fresh Mexican food, great staff, we love to come here
5	Great food!!  Fantastic service.  Was a little confused at first.   Was expecting sit down wait service.  but you order at counter, and then they bring food to you.   Actually more attentive than some restaurants.   Will be back!!!  The portions were good sized and the wait staff was very attentive and friendly!!
5	My favorite mexican food, bar none, and I've had many a mexican meal throughout the southwest. Salsa Blanca beats Macayos, Ajo Als,Valle Luna, Abuelos, you name 'em. Here's the quick run down:Food taste: A+Food quality: A+Price: $. Very reasonable for the quality & quantityService: A. Not full table service. You order at the counter and they bring the food to you (within 5-10 min). Then they check on you relentlessly to make sure you're satisfied or need anything. They hustle but are always helpful and friendly.I love that you can help yourself at the salsa bar and get as much as you want when you want it. The salsa verde is excellent. My favorite dish is the Chile Relleno and Enchilada or Taco combo but I've had several of their other entrees and was always pleased and satisfiedI'm at a loss as to how some reviewers gave this place 1 star. I've eaten there more than a dozen times and have never gotten anything but hot tasty food with great service.  I'm a repeat customer and will continue to be as long as they keep doing what they're doing.
5	So I have to confess, I've driven by this place since it opened but haven't had the urge to stop. When I do it's usually to Babbo next door but today I did and I have to say I'm glad I did. The place is upscale casual and you order at the register and they bring you the food. The place is super clean and staff was friendly. I asked the gal who took my order what was popular since its my first visit and I went with her first choice, chimichanga!  I got the shredded beef with real guacamole, sour cream, beans & rice. They have a great salsa bar and all the hot sauces were great too. Even the beans were a hit which is a good test if a place is going to be good Mexican.  It is definitely Americanized but a nice place to have a quick bite. Sorry Babbo, you have a run for your money when I park in this lot.
5	Salsa Blanca is absolutely my favorite place for Mexican Food! The shredded beef tacos are very delicious and full of flavor. My husband loves the chicken burritos. We've eaten here several times and the food is always great and have never been disappointed!
5	I absolutely love Salsa Blanca!! We frequent here at least 1 time per week if not more. I have introduced several of my friends to this great food and they love it also. The Happy Hour is awesome!! Dont think their happy hour prices can be beat anywhere. I have tried many different food items here and they were all super flavorful. My favorite is the beef tacos and the chicken quesadilla although I think the chimichanga might be right up there in ranking too. Jenny and all of her staff are very helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back again and again!!
5	Found Salsa Blanca about a year ago and so glad I did. I'm a big fan of Mexican food and this place has never let me down. I've tried many things on the menu and without fail I have never left hungry. Portion size is great as well as food quality. The entire staff is very friendly and they all seem to help each other. I've seen the owners bring out food many times and casually stroll the eating area seeing if everything is good and if there is anything else you need. The entire staff is always sure to greet someone coming in and thanking them when they leave. Give it a try and see for yourself. I love the Carne Asada burrito and the Nachos. Great enchilada's and the deserts are to die for. I've been there for lunch and they do have a lunch special and Happy Hour most nights as well. If you're a Margarita fan, try one of their flavored ones, they are delicious! So glad they found the location they did because I know where I head for a quick and tasty bite.
4	This place is almost right across the street from me, which is not a good thing for someone who loves mexican food. Love everyhting I have ordered. The green salsa from the bar is the best!!
4	I've been here a couple times and have to say its good. I'm not going to say its great but its good food for the price. I ordered a Chile Relleno and shredded beef taco combo with rice and beans. for around eight bucks. Chile Relleno was tasty but I didn't enjoy the taco much ( it needed more flavor). Staff is very friendly and very comfortable atmosphere.
5	My husband and I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! Anytime I find myself craving Mexican food, the first place that pops in my head is Salsa Blanca. We have always encountered friendly, welcoming staff and amazing, fulfilling food. What more could you ask for?!
5	Our absolute favorite place to go. Great food, that's always fresh and tasting great. We do pick up orders about once a week. Never have they messed up an order, and it's always ready for pick up in exactly 10 minutes. Decently priced. You get a good amount of food for price. We have dined in a handful of times and the service is great and fast. Give it a try if you're doubting!
5	I absolutely love Mexican food and Salsa Blanca got everything PERFECT! Their rice and beans are so good. They have great enchilada sauce and the cheese they use is really yummy. I LOVE the hard shell shredded beef tacos. They make their own shells and the beef is really tasty. I have never found even one piece of fat in my tacos which is a deal breaker for me. The desert pear margarita is really refreshing and hits the spot every time. I could eat here everyday. I just can't get enough of Salsa Blanca!Great quality!!!
5	EXCELLENT speedy service w a friendly attitude. Food is fresh & delicious. We go there on our lunch hour AT LEAST once a week. Love it!
5	Ok I don't know what took us so long to finally try out Salsa Blanca??  I mean we live down the street and commonly ride our beach cruisers to the Starbucks in the parking lot. Well we finally went here yesterday and I was so impressed!First off it was very clean and the employees were very friendly and inviting.  I prefer places where I can order at the counter and the food is brought out to me. I think my wife and I ordered too much food! She ordered the chimichanga and I had a seafood, chicken, beef enchilada.  I couldn't believe that we were out the door for under $15. When the food came out it was hot and fresh. My personal favorite was the seafood enchilada but her chimichanga was dang right amazing too!!We will be back here! Especially seeing we live so close and the price is amazing. We rode our beach cruisers here for dinner and was a nice was to start working off some of the food that we ate.lol.But even if I didn't live so close, I would come here. It's just a cheap as Taco Bell but with an authentic comfort Mexican fare.
3	Absurdly massive burritos. Beyond that it's just pretty typical Mexican.
5	Really great family restaurant. Prices are reasonable and the salsa is terrific!
5	Son! Where do I start? This place is sonice, and everyoneknows that is better than so nice! Fresh fresh fresh! You can tell they make it there and not from a can! I've been going for awhile now and it seems things have gotten better in the last month or so! I'm telling you now that you need to try it! All the flavors just come together so nice! The only thing keeps me from going more is the drive! Open one in Surprise already!
4	Very reasonable, generous portions, and pretty tasty gringo style Mexican food.  Lots of juicy white meat chicken in my huge burrito combo.
2	Food was just ok salsa was bland, the re fried beans were not good at all and the tacos were very greasy, we will probably not be going back.
5	Really great family restaurant. Prices are reasonable and the salsa is terrific!
4	Stopped into Bed, Bath, & Beyond with the Princess to buy a birthday card and on the way out decided we were hungry. (Yes, BB&B has cool cards-check it out, no charge for that tip :)  Pulled out the IPhone and went directly to Yelp to find a cool, new lunch place.  Salsa Blanco had four stars and was on the way home, why not?Definitely worth the four stars and maybe 4.5. Great $6 lunch special with a taco, rice and beans, large drink, chips and salsa bar (they'll give you more chips if you run out, (they actually come to your table and ask you if you need more or anything else which is cool considering you order at the counter.  I love ice tea and they have fresh brewed regular, passion fruit, and mango.  Salsa bar has mini bowls to bring the salsa back to your table and the salsa was terrific, a number to choose from including hot, mild, fire roasted, salsa verde, and pico.  The food was wonderful, the service was quick and genuine, and the place was spotless.  Excellent decor, great TV's on the walls without getting in the way. Clearly a ton of pride of ownership in this business which you just don't see a lot of these days.  As Arnold said, We'll be back.
1	Ate here due to great reviews. So so so disappointed! Shrimp taco was gross and was made with uncooked tiny salad shrimp with cabbage thrown on top. Chips & corn tortilla uses for a shredded beef taco were stale. Cheese enchilada and southwest burrito were okay.
5	Excellent mexican food at his location and friendly staff.   Good value for your dollar.  Definitely a good place to eat in or take to go.  The fried ice cream is excellent.
3	So-so. This place is ok. Chips were decent.  The green salsa was not good, very salty, possibly store bought.  The fire roasted was decent, almost like a soup though.  The hot salsa really didn't have much flavor. Had the #4 with 1 chicken & 1 beef taco. The tacos were good. Had a Quesadilla and it was good and large.The decor is very Caucasian/strip mall-ish. Looks like it might have been an Asian place at one point. Don't sit under the ceiling fans, they're on high and the staff can't adjust them :(On the upside, they sell shots of "Fireball".All-in-all  they are ok. I may try again to have the Fish Tacos.
4	Got take out based on a recommendation from a friend. It was a little more expensive than a similar size family-owned Mexican restaurant near my house but the food was far better. The servers were quick and helpful all around and the service was very quick. I'll be back for sure.
4	The White Salsa is the name of this restaurant in English.  With that said this is a very "American" style Mexican restaurant, if that makes sense. Not very authenic, but this should not steer you away from this place in the slightest.Located in a somewhat boring strip mall like the rest of Phoenix suburbia. This place is neatly decorated and super clean, which I appreciate. The owners and trained staff seem to take pride in this place by its appearance.There are many choices of entrees, combos, and ala carte items to choose from with appropriately matched prices. Each dish I've had here has been delivered promptly, hot, very tasty, and always with a smile.  I think my only drawback here is the salsa bar, there are several basic choices offered, but would like to see more flavorful options.
4	We finally tried this place last night for dinner and it was very good. Clean, well-lit, nicely decorated with fast, friendly & attentive service just as prior reviews have mentioned.  I had the Southwestern Chicken Burrito w/out cheese and it was delicious! The roasted corn was a nice addition and the sauteed vegetables were still lightly crisp & tasted super fresh! We tried some pico de gallo, fire-roasted salsa, and salsa verde from the salsa bar. I'm not a big fan of really spicy, so the fire-roasted salsa was perfect for me - fresh tasting with a mild amount of heat. My boyfriend loves spicy and thought the salsa verde had good flavor with a medium amount of heat.  He ordered the #15 (chille relleno & taco combo) - said it was good, but could have been spicier. Both orders were large portions and the prices are VERY reasonable. We will definitely be adding this restaurant to our weekend dining rotation.  I think we'll be trying out the breakfast burritos next!
4	I was stuck without a car and didn't want to cook so I found Salsa Blanca online and saw that they delivered.  I ordered combination #10, the chili rellenos, an alacarte taco and some guacamoli.  The order-taker said it would be 45 mins to an hour, so I set my sights accordingly.  It arrived in 15 minutes!  A very courteous delivery guy came to the door, very upbeat and appreciative of my business.  Generous amounts of guac and the chili's were delicious.  I felt the portions of rice and beans were a little bit small but were sufficient.  Other than that, YES I will order from them again when I have the opportunity.
3	So we just got home from Cali eating some great Mexican food, and my husband is crazing more!So we find this place on yelp and decide to give Mexican food in Arizona a second chance.This place certainty isn't bad, but it's nothin specialWe ordered flautas- these are not flautas. Flautas are a deep fried flour tortilla. These are definitely tauqitos. And the chicken was super dry. Not getting those again.We also ordered a green combination burrito- which we took as a burrito with green sauce on top. Nope. It is a burrito solely filled with green sauce and shredded beef. It would have been way better if there were at least beans in it. The meat wasn't bad. The sauce wasn't bad and the salsa was great. We will probably come back and try again. Especially since they have sopapillas and margaritas.Friendly service and the food was made quickly
5	Wow, The shredded beef is absolutely Fabulous. The Marinated Asada is very good. I recommend anything with beef I have heard their chicken is delicious also I just have not tried it yet. The way I found this restaurant was on yelp. I typed in delivery food, And this is one of the places that popped up I look at the reviews and like what I saw. I Ordered the food at 4 PM the Man taking my order said it would be about 30 minutes. I Hang up the phone went to my back porch and smoke a half of a cigarette. I paid by credit card so I was thinking maybe They may need to take a impression of it. Before I was able to walk from the front door to my bedroom to Get tip money. The door bell was ringing and I'm thinking to myself who could this be can't possibly be my food almost exactly 15 minutes from the time that I ordered my food it was at my door wow now that is fast food I've waited longer at a McDonald's for a quarter pounder with cheese the delivery man Paul which Found out later also works in the kitchen absolutely brought me everything that I need chips Sauza everything you're Lucky to get this kind of service at the restaurant let alone for delivery absolutely best delivery experience ever thank you Paul the managers of the restaurant and the owner your food is delicious and your service is phenomenal
5	Again and again this is one of those restaurants that keep surprising me. This is the second time I have ordered for delivery , and again their delivery service was 15 minutes from the time I had ordered it. I had to ask Paul the deliveryman and kitchen staff member if he was cooking it in his van and just on call in this area it is true that there are only a mile away from me but still 15 minutes I can't have a pizza delivered in 30 minutes let alone 15 minutes today my mother water the flaunt this and she said they were out of this world delicious plenty of guacamole plenty of sour cream plenty of cheese. Not to mention the fact that they have a lot of different types of Salsa all of which that I have tried so far have been great what I look forwards thousand is if it's hot it should be hot with a lot of flavor behind it. The great thing is is even there mild salsa has a lot of labor behind it without the heat anyone that is in their delivery area should try them out. And if you're not in their delivery area. Get off your ass and go there the restaurant is great
5	Just had another great delivery from Some of the best Mexican food I've had Kyle the delivery boy was fast and courteous
3	How this place has such high ratings blows my mind. I'm giving three stars to be generous. More like 2.5 stars. I've been dragged here a few times, chicken is always terrible. Super dry and chewy every time. The only reason to go here is the salsa selection. Easily the best around.
4	First time eating at this place even though we have lived nearby for the last 6 months!  Great food and friendly staff .. we really enjoyed the carne asada plate and red tamale and chicken taco plate :)  One of the staff members suggested the dessert chimis and they were delicious!!!!  We will definitely be back!
4	This place was a hidden surprise, in a good way.  Tucked way back in a strip mall (isn't that always the case?) it offered a counter ordered meal with server delivered food.  Nothing fancy, but more full-plate style tex-mex beyond the typical burritos and tacos at places like Chipotle.The portions were huge and they get bonus points for self-serve salsa and pico de gallo with a nice variety of flavors and levels of heat.
3	Nothing spectacular, but close to home. My husband and I have dined here multiple times. The food is nothing to brag--or complain about. It fills the void and is close to home. We enjoy coming here for Taco Tuesday. $2 chicken or beef tacos. You really can't beat it.
3	A decent Tex-Mex place near where my mom lives. I got the enchiladas and had more than enough food for an entire day of eating. This place exists in a strip mall with several other places to eat and they all are basically in the same category of being pretty good. They won't blow your mind but remember where you are: Phoenix, Arizona. If I wanted my mind blown I'd be in New York or LA or SF or some other arrangement of letters. As it is, I was fairly happy that I wasn't subjected to Taco Bell or the like. So check this place out for lunch.
2	I've eaten here once and probably won't be back. I ordered a beef enchilada, chicken taco, which came with a side of beans and rice and chips and salsa. The taco was meh, the chips were stale, salsa was bland and enchilada red sauce tasted like ketchup. Where is the heat, where is the spice? Prices were kind of high for what you get. Really disappointed by the lack of good Mexican food in the area, all the places I've been to are either very bland or too Americanized, and the slightly more authentic ones are the greasy fast food type places. Do yourself a favor and drive over to Phoenix for better options.  Maybe I just have to drive a little further south for the really good stuff!
5	One of our favorite places! My husband would eat here weekly if I let him. The staff is wonderful and the hot salsa sure is hot! The food is always fast and good! We took my family here for a quick dinner when they came to visit. Everybody loved how good the food was and it's affordable. Love salsa Blanca!
5	The food here is amazing! And the staff is incredible. It's owned & run by a family and they always go out of their way to make sure your experience is enjoyable. It's hard to find really good Mexican food in Phoenix (especially in Glendale), but this place always delivers great food at good prices and it comes with unlimited free chips & (delicious) salsa!
5	Excellent food & people!!  Can't say enough good things - our favorite!I always eat waaay too much in spite of my best intentions!  Bowl of chips after ordering, then to salsa bar for your choice of 'heat' & texture.  Over to beverages; take your pick.  Find a booth or a table, enjoy chips/salsa.  Staff brings food - eat!!  I suggest you leave room for one of their great desserts - my favorite is the cream cheese filled dessert chimmies drizzled with honey -- see what I mean?  Did I mention that it is easy on your pocketbook...and outdoor seating available if desired.Others must also like them - rumor is that they have acquired more space and will expand soon!
5	Tons of food and great price. Nice neighborhood restaurant and good family spot. I would recommend this place to everyone who wants some Mexican food at a great price. The salsa is the best and the biggest taco salad I have seen for awhile.
2	Food was decent at best... if you can get over all the flies its good. If not, order carryout...
4	It should not have taken me this long to sing the praises of Salsa Blanca.  You had me at Salsa Bar.  I seriously LOVE when Mexican food places have salsa bars.  Variety is the spice of life, and I love a little variety in my salsa.  The roasted salsa is more like a normal chunky salsa than roasted, but it still tastes good.  My hubby got a combination special with a bean tostada on the side, and I got a bean and cheese burrito and a beef soft taco.  The beans are really good here, because if they weren't, I'd never be back.  I'm a bean-a-holic.  We both got margaritas that tasted like they were made with fresh squeezed lime juice.  All that for only 25 bucks!  You can't beat that killer deal!  The people who work here are very friendly and they are also quick at clearing used plates.
1	Friendly service, had high expectations from the review on here. I ordered the carne asada nachos. The chips themselves were extremely greasy, which ruined my appetite. I was so looking forward to reading the pile high presentation of the nachos, what a let down.....one star because they have Cherry Pepsi.
3	Excellent and I mean Excellent service, very friendly owner, very nice place to eat but the food is just... Very bland and very overpriced. You can go right down the street to Mixtecca and get almost as good of service with food that tastes way better for a lot less. When you start paying 10 bucks a plate for simple Mexican food and it tastes bland well... I will say, their Salsa is very good.
5	This was my first time to ever dine in the restaurant I live in there delivery area so I normally just order for delivery as always I was very pleased with their food their shredded beef and Chicken is delicious first time to try their chili Riano nice large chili great filling and very good sauce the Salsa bar is a nice touch
1	Stay away far far away.  Tacos were very greasy and the rice was dry. Not sure why this is rated 4 star way over rated.
5	Great place.  They have a big menu and give big portions.  More importantly, the food is good!  I actually share a meal with my husband when I go here instead of getting one thing for just myself.  Their margaritas are very good and I find myself craving them during the hot days--a great place to go when you don't feel like cooking dinner.
3	Great food. sucky service. Tried to order for delivery over the phone and the dumb lady who answered didn't understand plain English and she put me on hold several times while I was trying to order. After 10 min she finally put a man on who took my order they really need to get some employees who know how to take phone orders
2	The burritos taste bland here. I could make better burritos at home with my canned beans! One time I ordered a bean burrito with steak only and I was given steak wrapped in a tortilla... really? If I just wanted steak and a tortilla I would have said so. I ended up having to get my credit card out to purchase the beans because I wasn't about to eat steak and tortilla alone. The good thing about this place is they deliver but I have yet to be impressed with their food.
1	Very disappointed eating here after all the great reviews. We had a shrimp nachos dish which was huge, but was very bland had no flavor. Most of the cheese was not even melted. We also had a southwestern chicken taco salad which had a bad flavor and did not taste fresh. This was the worst Mexican food we ever had. Beware.
1	Congratulations on selling mexican food with no flavor. Everything we had here was awful and bland. -1 star for this place.
5	This is GREAT Mexican food. Have tried a whole array and not one bad dish! Not greasy, either. Prices and service also excellent. Highly recommend.
4	Excellent food with a lot of variety at reasonable prices. Portions are quite large.  Probably not large to share, however.  They have several salsa choices at a serve yourself salsa bar.  I tried most of them and liked them all.  They could do better on the chips, however.   They were quite average. Located in a strip shopping center there is plenty of parking.   Place is very clean and the employees are friendly.   Downside?   You have go to a counter to order.  If that is a problem, this probably is not for you!  However, they bring the food to you.
5	This is one of my favorite quick Mexican food restaurants. The staff is always friendly and go out of their way for you. The food is delicious and they have great daily specials. Have always had only good experiences the many times I have come here. One of the best Mexican food locations on this side of town.
5	Once again they made a customer very very happyI had a split order for two people and they actually had it absolutely correct down to the type of salsa we hadit's those keys to details and the fast service and the delicious food he keeps making me always have to go back to the same great placeif you are lucky enough to be in their delivery area take advantage of it you will not be disappointed
3	I ordered a carne asada burrito, a margarita and some chips n salsa. My son had chicken strips and fries off kids menu, my mom had a steak and a fish taco.They forgot the chips as well as the margarita. I had to go up and remind them of both before I got them.Burrito came and asked for tapatio or hot sauce (typical at traditional Mexican restaurants). They advised me they only had salsa at the salsa bar (which is mediocre at best).I will say the steak in the burrito was high quality and tender. Overall the burrito was quite tasty. The tortilla was very thin however and the whole burrito fell apart after a few bites.If you don't mind average/slightly above average Americanized Mexican food and dodgy service then this place might be for you. As for me being Mexican American and somewhat of a connoisseur of fine Mexican food, I'll probably never go back.
1	They say they deliver, but they DON'T... Menu states that they go to Happy Valley over to 83rd avenue, but if you don't live ON Happy Valley Rd or 67th Ave they won't deliver to you. They state that apparently the one side street off of happy valley is too far north!! WHAT!! My major cross street is happy valley and 74th and they acted like I was asking them to go to Jomax or Carefree Hwy. Your food is good, but your customer service sucks!!! Don't put delivery on your menu if you won't even go across the street from CCV... If you don't really offer it unless the customer is across the street from you, then save yourself a bad review by removing the transparent option from your offerings!
2	Food tastes good, but the service is terrible!My wife and I ate lunch here and ordered a chicken chimi a la carte and I ordered the beef and chicken enchiladas combo, which includes rice and beans.Our food came out quickly as we were the only guests at the time. My wife's plate came with a few pieces of lettuce garnishing her plate, so I asked for more. You would have thought I asked for nuclear codes based on the look the worker gave me. He looked at me completely confused so I clarified again, "just some extra lettuce on the side".  He mumbled something about buttons and being unsure of how to help me. I ended up walking away and just giving her the extra lettuce on my plate.My combo plate ended up being just two enchiladas, with no rice or beans. I asked where my sides were and the cashier stated she thought I only wanted a la carte. I said, "no, I wanted the combo." Again, another puzzled look from a different worker so I said forget it and went back to my table.  I can understand the mistake of missing the combo, but at least offer to make it right. Needless to say, with the horrid service experienced, we won't be back which is unfortunate because the food was good.
2	This restaurant proudly displays their A rating (as of 9/30/14).  It's a strip mall location north of the 101. They accept all the major credit cards including American Express according to the sticker next to the door. You walk up and order from a lengthy menu on the left and then find a table for yourself. There are lots of TVs if you want to keep up on the game while you lunch. Pros:  reasonably priced combos with rice and beans, free refills (serve yourself), salsa bar and free chips. It also appears to be quite clean. Cons:  the food is not good. Beef tacos were bland at best and greasy. The fries in the kids meal taste as though their frying oil is rancid. The rice that comes with the combo is dry and flavorless as were the beans. The fish tacos were okay, if a little heavy on the tartar sauce. This was a bit if a drive for us, so it's unlikely we will ever make the drive to come back.
5	Family owned place. Really nice and has enough room for any time. It has a lot of different types of foods so it's not limited to a few. It's a good Mexican spot in a good location. Place is nice and food is good also. Nothing bad about this place to be honest.
2	First time at Salsa Blanca. Walked in and was pretty confused about where to go to order or if someone was going to come up and take my order. I then saw the big menu sign, so I wandered over there by myself.. not having any sort of direction from the wait staff. A kind man took my order after I was overwhelmed by all of the choices. Ordering went smoothly. I ordered the tamale and taco combo and a soft drink. The waiter who took my order told me my food would be right up and handed me a cup, which in turn made me think I could get my own drink. Another waitress by the fountain drink dispenser gave me a weird look when I went ahead and did that. I wasn't sure if I should sit at an empty table to wait for my food or in front of the register I ordered at. More clear signage might help with that.I got my food within five minutes after sitting down, which was great. I got home and started eating my meal, realizing that it really did not have any flavor whatsoever. The tamale and beans were bland. The rice was also flavorless and tasted as if it was burnt or overcooked. The meal was filling though and priced well for the portion size.Don't think I'll go back. I'd rather go across the street and have Chipotle.
5	Let me just say this. The food was so good, I wanted to drive back and slap them. Wow! This place is a keeper forever. They special made us carne Asada fries even though it's not on the menu. Dino, we love you!
5	Order from this place all the time. Love that they deliver (:everything comes still hot and so fresh. Great prices too and cheap delivery fee. I personally love the carne asada burrito & green salsa is AMAZING!!!
