4	On my way to the archeology museum today, I got a little lost in an area on Rue St. Paul, but fortuitously as it turned out. If I hadn't been off the beaten path, I probably wouldn't have passed La Villette.What struck me immediately in passing was the framed Bon Appetit magazine article--oh, and the word "charcuterie" emblazoned across the window. ;)I made my way back after the museum and decided on the Assiette La Villette, an array of cheese, pates, and a small salad. As I waited for my food, I soaked in the atmosphere. The tables were small and close together, and there was French music playing. Perhaps it was just me, but the decor seemed a bit over the top, like a Disney version of a French cafe, but the food and service were wonderful.When my lunch was served, the platter was covered with a selection of pate de foie gras, a country-style duck pate, duck rillettes, a pate of pork and veal, prosciutto, ham, salami, a small crock of mustard, some cornichons, brie, two local cheeses, and a small green salad. This also came with a small basket of bread. It sounds like a lot of food--and it was. And it was utterly delicious.I couldn't stop eating the pate de foie gras and the duck rillettes, as well as everything else. The country-style duck pate was my next favorite, with a bit of mustard. The pork and veal pate was my least favorite. In all, I ate far more than I should have, and had a memorably lovely lunch at La Villette.Thank goodness I wasn't with my vegetarian coworkers!
5	Excellent place for lunch. Their smoke meats are great. Real authentic French deli food. Haven't had such great smoked meat since I was in Paris. They also have great wine by the glass and coffee. Love this place. Huge fan!!
4	Our last lunch in Montreal was at Marche De La Villette, a decision sparked mainly by the appearance of meat and meat models hanging in the window and the sounds of accordion music escaping past the door. The place seemed more French than the French themselves and that's quite all right--- given the quality of the lunch we had, Marche could equip their wait staff in mime costumes, blast Maurice Chevalier all day and force us to listen to the speeches of Degaulle all day and I'd still eat here.For $14.95, you'll receive a soup, a plat principal and dessert as part of their lunch special. My wife opted for this and was quite satisfied with her choice of the choucroute (sausage, potatoes and sauerkraut-- how Alsatian!) The dessert was two mini waffles with powdered sugar that I brazenly stole.I was far more gluttonous and ordered a charcuterie plate and a croque monsieur. Served on a board, the charcuterie offered up delicious samples of brie, cheddar, sausage, turkey cold cut, chicken salad, pate and more. There was barely enough room on our table when my croque monsieur arrived, now with bacon strips! Yes, ham and cheese alone just isn't meaty enough so the addition of bacon strips is surely welcome.While the menu is en francais, the staff was quite willing to explain certain dishes, especially in areas where my french is severely lacking. (Like names of specific vegetables)The staff was definitely harried. Somehow the lunch service was harmonious, our waitress was apologetic about being late with our water refills and it all came together. The menu includes hamburgers, sandwiches and salads. Prices in that area, for lunch, start at $9.95.
2	it was quite the festive atmoshere with the world cup on big screen but the staff were quite snobby bitches. I wanted to smack one of them at one point as they were quite rude to my mom. I ordered their brie sandwich which I specifically asked for them to heat up and I guess their frentch isn't all that good cause I mentioned to them en francais....the owner was a total prick. Otherwise was just an ok experience. I won't be going back again in the future though
5	This quaint little Marche has a that feel of a little Paris. Random objects clutter the walls (wooden shoes, old photos, chalkboards with different eats available, etc). And faux ham and sausage links hang in the window. There is a full deli, but I went for breakfast. Saw it just walking by and popped in. Everyone was quite nice and very cheerful. We got the fruit crepes with chocolate. Very tasty. I also like that coffee was given in a mug. I drink quite a lot of it. Not the best coffee, but definitely what I needed at the time.Overall, a very pleasant experience.
4	Had the pleasure of having lunch here in July. Had the Croque Monsieur and it was by the far the best I have ever had. It came with a side salad and we ordered a quart of red wine. The waiters and waitresses were very outgoing and the service was extremely fast given the place was packed at 12:00 in the afternoon. You litererally feel you are in France from the second you walk in the door (not to mention after 3 glasses of wine). The atmosphere is very happy and upbeat and coupled with the delicious food, it was a great overall experience.
5	What a great experience.  6/5 stars go to Sarah, our amazing waitress who was funny, personable, and dead on with respect to the food recommendations.  She made this place an extra special 5 stars.  We walked into this place at about 3 in the afternoon, attracted by the bright window display and the ham models hanging in the window.  Unfortunately, we were told that the kitchen was closed because the kitchen was busy stuffing turkeys.  The only options for us?  Sandwiches, charcuterie plate, and the cheese plate.  Poor us.  Feeling not a bit disappointed, we order the rillette de canard sandwich, the roast beef sandwich, the charcuterie plate and the cheese plate.  The food arrives at our table, and it is huge.  The cheese plate was piled high, as was the charcuterie plate.  The charcuterie plate, in particular, was a steal at $14.95 - home made pates, terrines, rillette and assortment of meats.  Everything was fresh and lovely.  Sandwiches were generously stuffed.  The Rillette de Canard sandwich (recommended to us by Sarah) was to die for.  The four of us ate and ate and ate, and still there was more food on the table!At the end of it all, we decided to order some more rillette de canard to take home with us (we were due to board our plane that evening).  All of that food, including the extra rillette, and a glass of wine came up to $89.00 not including tip.  A true steal.  I would highly recommend this place as an affordable and yummy option in old Montreal!
5	Yeah...this place was pretty much awesome.You walk in, and almost feel like you are transported to Europe. It's got the busy cafe vibe, tons of different languages being spoken, lots of bread, meat and cheese splayed out on a table, and delicious wine to complement it.I could've spent my whole day here eating through the menu and washing it down with some wine.If you walk around Old Montreal...DEFINITELY stop by and have a meal and a glass of wine.
2	Went in here for a quick lunch with my family. The atmosphere and vibe was quite fun, but our food was rather disappointing. We ordered the ham and cheese crepe and croque monsieur, two simple dishes that are usually kept salty, only to have them both smothered in maple syrup. I don't know if this was Quebec twist to the dish, but I personally thought it ruined it. We also had an order of cassoulet and it too was disappointing.This small restaurant is essentially a tourist trap.
4	The wife & I hit this place up for lunch twice on our most recent Montreal visit.  We were staying Vieux Montreal for the first time as opposed to just walking through as we had in the past and we excited to find this place.  It really encapsulated what I love about the city, you feel like you got away to Europe with the obscene airfare.The food was very good and the service was excellent, the gentleman waiter was very personable and entertaining.  It took my 4th trip to Montreal to get here, but it's now a regular stop.
1	I really wanted O + G, but there was a line and we were way too hungry to wait.  This restaurant was fairly busy and how can you go wrong with a place that has tons of meats in the window???  We decided to do the table d'hote since the price seemed pretty reasonable and we were pretty hungry.  The soup way okay and the entrees were fine.  I'll warn  you that everything including ham/bacon seems to be topped off with maple syrup.  The food was fine, nothing out of world but a-ok.  This is where things dropped off.  They had two waiters working the floor and that didn't seem to be enough.  We ate our entrees and then waited a good 20 min or so before the waiter came back and asked if we wanted the dessert course and we said yes.  Then the two ugliest nastiest ladies came in and sat at the table next to us.  They wanted to custom order EVERYTHING!  It was pretty clear to us that NOTHING would make these miserable women happy yet the waiter was going to try.  45 minutes later still no desert or any service - I guess we weren't important at all so we had to walk up to the front of the restaurant and get our bill.  They didn't understand that we were done waiting at that point (our time does have value) and weren't willing to make any adjustments for the fact that we didn't get our full meal.  Not in the mood for dessert and coffee after waiting over an hour (and yes we did start timing them).  In addition to service that went from ok to non existent the drinks at this place are ridiculous in price - it's clear that they make their  money off the beers.
3	My husband got the duck confit sandwich on French bread with lettuce and tomato which was pretty good, basically shredded duck in some crusty bread with some nice freshness and crispness from the lettuce and tomatoes.I got the French onion soup and ham and cheese quiche and mixed greens.  The quiche was delicious, the egg was nice and fluffy with a certain sweetness to it in a flaky crust.  The salad was tossed with a basic balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  The servers all seemed very happy to be there, singing and dancing around, interacting and joking around with the guests, and were helpful and very nice.
1	What is with all of the great ratings?! The woman who served us was rude. I ordered salade nicoise and my mom the crepe. Out came two salads and when my mom said she ordered the crepe she was rudely told "no, you asked what was in the nicoise". She DID ask but when told it had anchovies she ordered the crepe. There was no offer to take it back. WORSE NICOISE EVER. It's a mix of tons mayonnaise and tuna, and an egg topped with an anchovie over a bed of greens. No green beans, no potato..just awful  My stomach is off now 5 min after the meal and all I taste is fish. Don't waste your time.
2	Food gets 4 stars, but you'll be so annoyed when it arrives, you'll scoff it down & leave annoyed.The service, while friendly, was abysmal. One waitress was LITERALLY dancing around, sitting at tables, talking to everyone (who she clearly didn't know), while we waited 20+ mins to place our order, an additional 45 mins for soup, then they brought 1 sandwich & the other arrived a solid 20 minutes later. One waitress sat at the table next to us & struck up a conversation with the woman dining alone & apologized for not taking her order quicker, she'd been there maybe 6 minutes. we were separated by inches (they really squeeze you in) & waited well over 90 minutes for 2 sandwiches; nobody apologized. oh, & they brought the wrong sandwich (you'd think they'd know the difference between a croque-monsieur vs. a croque-madame,) but i wasn't about to waste another minute. in all fairness - the sandwich was really good.My BF is the sweetest man on earth, he doesn't complain, but even he was pissed. we tried to pass it off as "European" but i don't care where you are, its super-annoying to watch people walk in well after us, get served, eat, pay their bill & leave -- while we were still waiting on friggin soup.
5	This isn't anything like Montreal's famous Schwartz's, or any other typical Jewish deli that you may be familiar with. This is a traditional Quebecois delicatessen that specializes in traditional terrine (country pate) and local cheese.It's very much like a French Bistro, the tables are close together and when it's busy, it's crazed! If you listen carefully you'll find that it's quite popular amongst locals. Be kind to your server, as they can only have a handful on shift and with the constant turn over, they're all quite busy. They always do their best, are friendly and if you engage them, full of personality!One of us has an obsession with their assorted meat platter which allows you to taste their many cold cuts and pates. If you have this plate, spend the extra $15 and get the foie gras pate - possibly the best out there (and we've had a lot). Our last visit saw us tip over the edge of indulgence, like the good food whores we are, when we ordered their assorted cheese platter along with the meat. They came on two wooden cutting boards with a basket of cut up baguette, and they leave you to your imagination to mix the flavours.The meat assortment includes: rabbit terrine, pork terrine, liver terrine, ham, turkey, salami, roast beef and of course we included the foie gras. The roast beef feels like it's carved fresh off a giant hunk of meat in the back, we could have rubbed our faces in it. The salami was perfectly balanced with fat and spices. The infamous foie gras pate was buttery melt in your mouth deliciousness. Top it with a slice of strawberry and let your taste buds rejoice.The cheese platter included a creamy brie, a local St. Andre Chevre (oozy creamy goodness), a Quebecois swiss and an unidentified, but wonderful, gouda-like cheese.Have fun mixing and matching the cheeses and the meats with the sides of spicy mustered, pickles, fig chutney and strawberry.Ordering both the cheese and meat assorted platters is only for the brave of heart. We are true food whores, and even we couldn't eat seven hours later. But our attempt clearly made us famous with the staff as they remembered both of us the next day. This is likely something normally shared with groups of four.Do order a glass of red wine (we had two each, the gluttons that we are), served perfectly at European room temperature - you won't regret it.If you can still stand it, do have the coffee. It's fantastic, almost nutty, rich, thick and strong. If you like cream, ask for extra - you'll need it. For those who travel, this shall not be unfamiliar as it's quite typical in Europe.
2	Eh...nothing special!It's a small and sweet little place you want to like, but the food and coffee were both luke warm upon arrival and for the price, I'd like my breakfast, fast, hot and tasty. This place was neither.The staff was sweet and yes, busy, yet it didn't feel like I was neglected, just unimpressed by it all.
4	So this review has been marinating in my drafted reviews for awhile. Not on purpose, though. But it has been a couple months since my brief visit to Montreal. For that reason, it surprises me how vivid my memory of dining at Marche is.First of all, this quaint little restaurant seemed to be in a popular area where cafes were aplenty. We chose it because we noticed they served beer (we were thirsty!) and someone we saw in the window was stuffing their mouth with what looked to be a really appetizing crepe.To us, all beer and crepes are one helluva combo. Sold!It's cramped when you first walk in. There's a cramped dining area to you right, then hop down a couple stairs to see a bigger dining area with some booths and then the counter/deli case where you can place your carryout order.We squeezed into the front right dining area and were given menus - in French. In fact, everything was in French. (Yeah, yeah - I know I'm in Montreal ... but we don't speak French.)After deciphering what we could from the menu (jambon = ham! I knew that one), I settled for the ham and brie crepe. Even if it was the only thing I could recognize on the menu, it was the best choice I could've ever made. My tastebuds were singing!! Everything about that crepe was made to perfection. And the accompanying side salad was equally as scrumptious. The perfect side to the heaviness of the crepe.After sucking back a couple beers and finishing every bite of food on my plate, our peppy server brought over a dessert waffle smothered in chocolate - on the house! I'm positive he knew we were tourists - it was obvious - so we deeply appreciated the gesture. So nice! And it was tasty to boot. (That's a given though, it's a chocolate waffle!)Thanks for a great meal & memory, Marche!
5	I love Montreal.  I love Montreal on a Sunday.  I love Montreal in Winter.I DO NOT love how Montreal thinks its ok to have half your restaurants close on Sundays.But Marche de la Villette was super redeeming as we ordered coffee, onion soup, crepes, and sandwiches, all which arrived piping hot, overflowing, and were beyond satisfying. I think this is a little gem in the quaint streets of Montreal, we cleaned our plates, considered picking up some cheese and rillettes like the gentleman before us did, decided against it as customs may not appreciate it, and headed out to walk the cobblestones comforted by the fact that one can in fact be fed on the weekends.I love you Marche de la Villette!
4	While searching for an authentic French-flavored Montreal dinner, my daughter and I arrived in a somewhat-deserted Vieux Port section of town, hoping for a restaurant with lots of ambiance, for which Montreal is renown.  Not sure why the area was so empty at 5:15pm--perhaps it was due to the rather cold temperature, but I would think Montrealers are accustomed to that.  We wandered along the quaint Rue St. Paul, with its fabled cobble street, and stumbled upon this cozy, corner restaurant, Marche de la Villette.  The posted menu and pricing appealed to our appetite and budget, so we went inside, only to learn the kitchen was closed and that we could only order sandwiches.  That was a little disappointing because I was really in the mood for the advertised crepes, but apparently they close at 6pm and needed all that time to clean up (one can only imagine what they do in there to require all that time).  So, on account of being numb with cold, we ended up ordering the hot Toulouse (sausage) sandwich, which was served in wrapped red-and-white checkered paper, in a basket.  Not fancy but still adequate enough for our taste.  What the Marche lacks in pretense it more than made up for in ambiance.  It's a very cozy dining experience.  The tables are mostly tables for 2 yet are somewhat crowded together.  They play nice French music, presumably from the Alpine region near Germany, as the music sounded almost a mesh of the two countries' varying folk styles.  More importantly, the food was delicious.  The sandwich was served on a fresh baguette with flavorful sauces, lettuce, and tomato (it also includes pickles, though I asked for mine to be omitted).  Our water was served in plastic cups.  So, again, nothing fancy, but it was fine.  We will definitely try to come back the next time in the city so that we can sample their crepes.As for the service we received, it was very good.  Our food only took a few minutes to prepare.  French is their primary language, but both employees who helped us spoke some English and were friendly.  Also, the overall pricing was moderate (most dishes were between $7-14).  So, all in all, a thumbs-up experience.
4	"I love to travel" - yawn, generic, everybody says that, who doesn't like to travel. . .Ok, tough crowd, let me tell you how I like to travel.I like to stay at small bed and breakfasts, preferably with my own fireplace.  I like to talk to the ppl of the B&B while I break my fast on recommendations of places to go.  Where should I eat, what should I see. . . And that is how I found Marche De La Villette. My girl and I were staying at a cute B&B in Old Montreal and asked where should we go for lunch and we were directed here.  A cute and crowded cafe that was quaint, warm and welcoming.  - Perfect quiche lorraine, warm, piping, inviting.  - Perfect French onion soup, well rounded flavors with just the right amount of cheese.  Not too much papa bear, not too little mama bear.Even though I was stuffed to the point of uncomfortable reflux, I could not help asking to look at the menu again. I. WANT. MORE.  What else can I try?!?!My friend had to reason my gluttony down and promise that we would return again before we left Montreal.  And we did, the last day, I ran to grab take out as our limo was waiting to take us to the airport. . . And that is how I like to travel :-)
4	Great smoked meat sandwich on a crusty baguette, best we've had in a while
4	The epitome of a chartcuterie, just great atmosphere, and great food.  We shared a  cheese fondue which was served with a small board of charcuterie and was just perfect.  The menu consisted of some great classic, traditional dishes like French Onion Soup and cassoulet.
4	Charcuterie, terrine and fromage plates. Cute little spot with some desserts from Juliette & Chocolat. Oui oui!
4	Amazing food. Loved the French onion and quiche.
4	I was all set to have dinner at La Bourlingueur when we walked past this place and saw the window seats lined with folks diving into their Soup a l'oignon and charcuterie platters and knew that this was the place to check out.  The restaurant is delightfully decorated and plays stereotypically French music - I almost expect Rene Artois from Allo Allo to jump out at any moment to offer me some wine.  The decorations were nicer than the food, although the charcuterie platter was quite good.  A nice assortment of meats and the bread was fresh and crusty.  The cassoulet was basically a dish of sausage and sauerkraut, and was probably less traditionally prepared than we had expected.  The French onion soup had a nice crunchy cheesy top, but the soup itself was barely warm - it would have been much better if the entire dish was piping hot.  So I'd give 3/5 for the food, but the atmosphere was terrific 4/5, so I can bump this one up a star to 4/5 overall for the experience and reasonable prices.
4	Small crowded place and noisy but loads of fun. The waiter was being funny to all of us and I thought at one point we would all break out singing.  I had the Croque Monsier and it was amazing. Why can't the USA get ham and cheese like this?    The salad on the side was really good too.  Originally we were headed to Olive and Gourmondeau across the street but the line was too long and I wasn't dissappointed to land here.  Try it.
5	Amazing little hidden gem. Sandwiches and sangria hit the spot on a Saturday afternoon.
2	This place was the only restaurant around that was open on a Sunday for brunch. At first thought, I thought it was pretty cute...but then I realized it was sort of a set up for tourists and I was a sucker. If the food blew me away - I wouldn't have cared how cheesy the plastic slabs of meat hanging in the window were! But sadly, my Apple/Brie/Turkey Sandwich came without the apple. I was disappointed - because the apple is what makes it... am I right?
4	We ordered croissant western breakfast and a crepe, they are pretty good taste. The service is a little slow though...
5	Loved the atmosphere! Servers singing as they worked. Excellent foie gras, fondue and sangria!Great people watching spot.
3	This shop/deli/restaurant is a nice little place to have a bite to eat, and it has tremendous curb appeal as an old-world kind of spot. The interior, remodeled within the last couple years, is also nice and intimate. We shared the charcuterie and cheese boards, which came accompanied by a nice little salad. The items are from their house-made charcuterie, and the cheeses were a good selection, and fresh. The pates and rillettes were fantastic - the rabbit, the pork, and especially the duck. What we had was traditional and good, but I wouldn't say outstanding compared to what we've found at, say, Marche Atwater. The house red wine was just OK, the service was friendly but sporadically attentive, and the price was steep. Maybe this is more of a winter place; I remember having the French onion soup and charcuterie, among other things, during previous cold-weather visits, and loving it.
1	I took my wife here for lunch.  We were politely greeted and promptly seated.  The wait staff disappeared attending to other customers.  We finally flagged down our waiter who dished us off to another waitress.  The waiter blew kisses to my wife as an apology.  She was offended but I was not.  Every single customer who entered after us was served their meals.  When we asked what was going on we finally received our soup appetizers.  I had the Onion which was Luke warm and borderline at best.  My wife had the vegetable soup du jour.  It was cold and indescribably weird.  We could not identify any ingredients, it was more like stock than soup.We waited AGAIN for our main courses which by the way are pre-prepared (QUICHE).  When I queried what the problem was I was given a blank stare and watched in dis belief as even more tables were receiving their food.For the first time in my life (I am 55) I actually got up, told the waitress to cancel our order, paid for our drinks and left.
3	Cute spot which was one of the very few restaurants that was open early on a rainy weekend!I got their huge mug of hot chocolate, as well as the croissant.  My boo got the omelet which came with some pate.  Food was good, everything was decorated in a nice way!
4	Nice brunch spot in Old Montreal. Went here with a friend and we both ordered the Super Assiette which is really indeed super in terms of size and taste. We were both handed a plate with lots of fruit (cantaloupe/honeydew/pineapple/strawberries), generous amount of salad, deli meat, bacon, Alsacian style omelete, 3 small pieces of baguette, crazy good cheese (though I don't know what kind but man it was really good quality cheese), and of course I had my coffee. Now I recommend the super assiette if you're coming on a complete empty stomach and have not yet eaten a breakfast or anything at all. It is really filling but I took my time of course, talking a lot while throwing in bites here and there. The service was quite fast , and the waitress was very patient to have brought us 3 things that we wanted extra...like more baguette, more dressing and more coffee. I liked the decor of the place. Ambiance was warm and cozy. I also particulary liked the fact that it was not only a restaurant but a fromagerie and a boucherie. I was highly tempted to buy the same cheese that was served on my dish and bring it home....but alas I didn't.If you're looking for something different for brunch and you are in the old port area, visit Marche de la Villette. They have so many different options to try like croque monsieurs etc.
1	Avoid this place at all cost.  I would honestly give this place a NEGATIVE 5 stars after the experience I just had there.First, my wife is a vegan, and I'm quite used to asking for her food to contain no meat and no dairy (milk products).  She asked for a Vegetarian sandwich, she asked for no cheese on the sandwich, as did I.I ordered a smoked meat sandwich.The atmosphere seemed quite bubbly and happy which was nice, but that's where 'nice' ended.  First of all the toilet that rocks side to side as you sit on it, not cute, and the fact that the cleaning products were hanging all around in the bathroom, also not cute.  The bathroom wasn't this way 'by accident' they actually wanted it to have a 'rustic' feel, and did they ever succeed, I was almost afraid to flush the toilet and when I leaned over to do so, I accidentally turned on what turned out to be the hand dryer behind me, with my butt.This is Canada, and not some back-water shed city, this apparently was missed by whomever decorated this place and maintains it.Back to the food, I returned from the washroom to find the food on our table and my wife asking if there was cheese on her sandwich.  I saw some creamy white stuff and thought, ugh probably mayo (my fault, I failed to ensure there would be none).  Nope, I tried it and it was a melted cheese and mayo mixture, along with some sour cream.  I like to cook and I've become quite used to tasting what I cook, I know cheese when I taste it.I informed our server, to which he responded "no no, there is no cheese, show me the cheese".  He then proceeded after I was ABOUT to show him the cheese to go and get a SECOND staff member, whom also asked me to 'show him the cheese', he then walked over to the counter, back again, and AGAIN insisted there was no cheese.  I went to go to the counter to express how absolutely furious I was that they would even think to play this game with me, at which point he walked right by me, and someone else went to go harass my wife.  I went back to the table, my wife by that point was extremely embarrassed by the whole scene this had become (might I add we now had 2 servers AND the 'sandwich guy' at our table, all declaring no no its not cheese), that she said its fine, we asked for our bill, paid, and promptly left.I'd also like to add, the deli, while they have many 'fresh' meats on display, is quite clearly store bought.  The meat was completely dried out, not smoked, but completely bone dry, the 'dijon' mustard had absolutely no spice to it and may as well have been a no name brand store bought variety.Not only will I never visit this place again, but if I can save another poor soul from enduring this 'restaurant', my life will feel that much more complete.
1	Avoid this place, it is a tourist trap par excellence. The dishes have nothing to do with what you would call french food and also lack of quality. Same goes for the house wine. The staff unapologeticall even admits that and blames it on the owner.  Don't be fooled by the supposedly French ambience, there are plenty of good restaurants around the corner where you can eat much better for less.
4	Other than being a bit expensive it's adorable. The hosts are friendly and ready to help. The food is delicious and it's in beautiful Old Montreal.
3	solid, not spectacular.  Good value and tasty charcuterie.
1	Menu and atmosphere looked great but we walked out after being ignored by servers for too long (they had served people who had arrived well after us). Pure chaos in there!!!
5	I think I'll be coming here too often this year, took the usual , la grosse assiette , wasn't as perfect as my first time , but still was excellent .Yelpers you guys will love their cheese and bacon ..Enjoy
5	In Montreal from St Paul we were searching for an authentic French/Parisian food experience. We chose La Villette on chance. The CroBurger (choice- my wife opted for foie gras) was superb. The croissant-type bun was super buttery.  I had the Feuillantine Comtoise, a croissant dough filled with ham, bechamel, cheese. Excellent!!We will definitely return. Such a wonderful find!
1	If you're patient check it out. I consider that waiting 45 minutes for a simple order, not being offered water and looking for our waiter is unacceptable. This used to be a great place.
3	I am generous on reviews, I really am. I wish I could give it more stars, but it was my first time in Montreal and I wasn't too impressed.Pros:1. Nice location and ambience, though tables are too close.2. English-friendly servers3. Good local beers and whatever my friend ordered was quite tastyCons:1. Waiters ignored our table for some god-forsaken reason. Be it the first drinks, the food or the check. We almost ran over parking limit and had to cut down on our itinerary for the day.2. The famed Smoked meat sandwich - good meat, but the wasabi-sauce was so strong, it brought water to my eyes on every single bite. And this comes from an Indian. I haven't had one before, are they supposed to be that way?
3	Place was ok. Too authentic for me. I don't eat pork and don't mix dairy and meat so it was hard to find anything that works for me on the menu.We walked in when the game was on and it was hard to hear... The waiter couldn't hear me and it was hard to ask for something on the menu that would work for me. We came in to watch the game and were able to do that.I ended up getting a Brie sandwich. It was decent with lots of cheese and bread. They mixed in some mustard into it with pickles, tomatoes and lettuce and made it interesting. Once the game was over, a guy with an accordion swooped in. That was nice.Sangria was overpriced given quantity.Fun place but service was slow and menu limited
5	Loved the western croissant, buttery and fresh and delicious! Cronuts were great too. Would def come back!!
4	I loved the pate's and my two boys liked the crepe from the children menu. My wife's salad had too much dressing.  Service was good.
5	This was the freshest most superb small French bistro. The restaurant was quite popular and I can see why. The meats, cheeses and pates were incredible. Our service was cheerful and a special request was accepted and served beyond our expectations.
4	The cronuts & creton are the best! We stopped in two days in a row just for that. Service is slow if you're an American diner, but probably adequately paced if you're Quebecois.
5	My husband and I stopped here for a late lunch and thoroughly enjoyed our entire experience.We shared the fondue for two which is accompanied by a charcuterie platter. The fondue was very tasty and the meat platter was a nice touch.  This was more than enough for the two of us.The price for the fondue seemed somewhat high but was well worth it.  The rest of the menu was priced affordably. The atmosphere of this small restaurant is quite unique with a strong European feel.  Our service was excellent, especially our waiter who was quite the character.We will definitely return here and highly recommend this location for breakfast, brunch or lunch.
1	Went here for lunch... Terrible service... We ordered 2 French onion soup, quiche and ham and cheese crepe... We waited for an hour... Only the onion soup came... We were really frustrated... The server was rude and didn't seem to care... Maybe its cause I'm chinese...The soup was ok... Not great... They used    mozzarella cheese  not Swiss.... The soup cost 18.95... Not worth the price.... Never going back... Will never recommend anyone to come to this restaurant
4	Errrrmaaaaghhhherd. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200 (canadian) dollars. Just get the charcuterie. I can't be responsible for what happens after that. We stopped in this little spot because sommmmeone (me) has a teeny bladder. Also, because it was a butcher shop and my BF is obsessed with meat. While i ran into the bathroom at warp speed, he ordered us a beverage and the charcuterie plate. What arrived stunned me. It wasn't a plate - it was a platter. A platter full of the most amazing meats ever. Foie Gras that was so buttery and incredible I can scarcely believe it. That was just the tip of the iceberg/mountain of meat. Two kinds of pate, proscuitto, pancetta, a shreddy thing, roast beef, salami, some other meat spread I couldn't identify but immediately ate and cornichones and mustard of course.In the end, one of the servers promoted this ice wine to us. His claims were spot on about how complementary it was... but at $20 a glass, we felt a little cheated. That's pricey even for Montreal and it seems like something he should have mentioned. A good stop in experience for us based on the charcuterie plate alone. Skip the ice wine. It's nice - but not that nice.
4	Their sandwiches are incredible good, the bread the meet yum. I had the creton one, you should try it.
1	this review is for the hot chocolate only:I went here with my sister because we saw a "juliet et chocolat" sign in the window, and that place makes the best hot chocolate imaginable. Anyway, one small cup and $4.50 later, we had a terrible hot chocolate that was made with NESQUIK (i saw him use it from the container)! I think this is an absolute case of false advertising- if you're going to wave the 'juliet et chocolat' sign, then you've sorta got a reputation to uphold. definitely not returning for anything else; if they cut corners on something as cheap and straight-forward as hot chocolate, i don't even want to consider any other cost-saving shortcuts they take with their food.
4	We went here for lunch and got bunch of food. The plate to share and tortierre for myself.  It was delicious and highly recommended.Food: 4.5/5, delicious tortierre (Quebec meat pie) with duck with salad. The meat plate with pate, cheese, bread were really good. Their cronuts were also amazing with caramel and custard Service: 3/5, our waiter was really nice but one of my friends got his food way late because they gave it to another person.Ambience: 4/5, awesome French music with very nice rustic decor. Price: 4/5, not pricy at all. Around $30/person after you get appetizers, main and drinks.
4	I had breakfast here. The waiters are fun and make you feel like family.  It has old world charm. It is small about 50 small tables squeezed into the space but it  causes a close family feeling.
1	Is there a rating lower than 1? Can I give it zero? Without a doubt, the service here was the worst I had ever experienced. Comically so! I wondered if I was in an episode of "just for laughs" and on camera.  Sadly, not. The prices were ridiculous for the quality (do you like to pay 5 star prices for food court food... Then maybe this is your place). And the service  made me long for the consistent banality of Swiss Chalet or similar. Where to begin? Amongst other things: - arrived for brunch at 11. Reservation was made for a party of 8. We were seated at a table for 6. And given 2 menus. A request for additional menus yielded one more. Three menus for 8 people.- our coffees arrived about half an hour after we were seated (and had asked for coffee). No milk, cream, sugar or spoons, just coffee. Requested same. And asked passing waiters for "du lait et de sucre". Response was a rude "it's coming ". And it did, 20 minutes later our waiter threw two milk capsules on the table. One was empty. We asked again for spoons and sugar and he returned with one spoon for the table to share, and a snarky "your spoon, madam", as if it was a ridiculous ask. The spoon was a tablespoon. The first two meals arrived, followed by the next 3 or 4 each 5 minutes apart.. We had been there more than an hour.  Oh, did I mention that no cutlery came with the meals? When I finally went to the front counter to ask for forks, I was met with a very  rude "please remain seated". The cutlery arrived almost half an hour after the first meal was served. There are too many things to mention... My friend had ordered a basket of baguette with "assorted confitures" (homemade jams and jellies). She received a dry piece of bread.. no jam (or knife, but why be picky, nothing to spread anyhow). The waiters response, again 30 minutes late, was "I think we are out of jam"... She said okay, but I don't think I should have to pay for it. He swiftly removed the bread, lest she try to get any actual nourishment.The response to our complaints was an unapologetic - we are very busy.  The waiter did, eventually offer to waive the price of 2 coffees.  I should note that we are not tourists, we are French speakers, half of our party lives n old montreal. I guess tourists who could never return are the target demographic.  PS - we never did get the round of waters that we ordered as we sat down...but you already figured that, right?
4	Nice and warm enviroment, servers are very friendly and funny, makes lots of jokes, fod is nice and tasty. The duck pate sandwich was so nice, also the prices are reasonable.
4	Charming, fun and very lively - perfect for a long lunch filled with wine. Some may say its a bit too touristy (100% french - music, food, etc.) but the delicious food and overall charm make up for it. Appetizer plats to share are delicious and the fondue and wine are a must. It gets crowded so be ready to get cozy with the neighbors.
5	Went for brunch.We loved the atmosphere!The waiters were very friendly ad fun.We waited a bit longer than usual restaurant, but, considering how busy the place were, I could live with that!Their food was good, too!
1	"I hate this place." This is the first time I ever told that to someone during a dining experience, but it's how I feel even after a few days of thinking about it. Service was tragically awful, almost to the point of being funny. It was so loud and so crowded to the point that even if you wanted to dine and dash, you would never get out. We also got "seated" at a table with one chair. For two people. And it took a lot of arm waving and yelling to get a second chair. Food was bad too. For a place that is supposedly known for their meats, the smoked meat croque Monsieur was awful. Ham tasted like it was from some plastic packaging. Onion soup was decent though, 3/5 stars. And they also got our order wrong and forgot our drinks, despite several reminders, until we finished eating. Avoid at all costs.
