5	Andy installed a water treatment unit and an RO system with an Alkaline filter. He was  honest, gracious, and very professional. I told him I was interested in Alkaline water and he did a lot of research for our meeting.  After the installation they sent me a thank you card as well.
5	What can I say except to be truthful.  Andy Aranda is an honest and competent plumber that wont quit until you are satisfied.  He did his research and was able to not only install a coconut shell filtration system throughout our entire home but installed upon my insistence a ROW (reverse osmosis water) system giving me a ph alkaline balance of 9.5.  I'm in heaven and it gets me up in the morning to brush my teeth "first" and drink my alkaline lemon tea water everyday throughout the day!
5	If your looking for the Best Plumbing Company in Las Vegas look no further. Andy and Alexis truly know how to treat their customers with incredible integrity. They go out of their way to keep your best interest in mind and they are extremely experienced.Don't hesitate, call them today you won't be disappointed!
5	After learning of an apparent water leak involving my water service lateral line in my front yard, I contacted Pure Plumbing based on the current excellent reviews on Yelp.  They were able to squeeze me in between their full schedule that afternoon and Andy was very professional and reasonable in his estimate to fix the problem.  I definitely appreciated his hard and quick work and the area was cleaned up as if no digging occurred!  I will definitely call them again for any future plumbing services!
5	It's no wonder this company has only 5 star reviews.  Prompt, friendly, professional -- across the board it was a great experience working with them.  It's obvious that they care about what they do, and for those who hire their services.  Andy and Alexis did a job for us yesterday, and their hard work so impressed the neighbor that she hired them for a job this morning.  I highly recommend this company, and will use their services for any future jobs (and am referring their services to all my friends -- including my Facebook friends and my HOA).
5	Best plumber ever!!!  Andy has a lot of integrity and pride in his work.  He fixed a pipe leak in our laundry room, installed a hot water heater, and hooked up the propane gas connection for an outdoor kitchen island.  His work is impeccable.  He is polite and well-spoken, arrives on time, has great attention to detail, works cleanly and efficiently, and keeps his appearance & his truck's appearance neat and clean.  We couldn't be more pleased!  If you need a plumber in the Henderson/ Las Vegas area, do yourself a favor and call Pure Plumbing.  Thank you again, Andy!!!  We are your loyal customers, and will be recommending you to everyone we know!!!
5	Excellent service! They did such a great job unclogging two sinks in my house. I would definitely recommend Pure Plumbing for any plumbing needs you may have.
5	Andy and Travis were very professional. They were fast and they did a excellent job. Look no further then pure plumbing for all your home needs.
5	Had a small leak in the waterline coming into the hot water tank. Pure didn't have any immediate openings, so we were forced to go with another company. This other company comes in to fix what seems like a small problem, and creates total chaos in the garage! The small leak turns into a break in the flex line, spraying water which is soaking half the garage. Long story short, my guy randomly gets a call that Pure finished a job early and they can swing by. So my guy kicks out Joe Blow plumber, and Andy & Travis come to save the day. These guys fixed the problem for 1/2 the price, and went above and beyond to help clean up the disaster that the other guys made. We'll call Andy & Travis from now on, and did I mention they are cute too!  ;)
5	We had these guys change out a cheap builder kitchen faucet for us.  There were on time and answered all of our questions.  The faucet was installed quickly and efficiently. It also works perfectly.  We will be using this company for all of our plumbing needs.  Now to save up for that tankless water heater.
5	I always try to see if I can fix minor issues in the house by myself or with a little help.  Most of the time, any house renovations tend to be pretty straightforward.  In the case of leaky pipes, though, it's not always a good idea to try and do-it-yourself.  I discovered that there was a slow and steady drip coming from my home's main water valve a few days ago.  I tightened the lug nut or whatever the metal part is that keeps everything together at the valve joint and hoped it would fix the issue.  When it didn't, I realized that it probably required more than my trusty wrench could handle.  So I looked at Yelp to see if I could find a good plumber who doesn't charge a small fortunate for weekend calls.  That can be almost as much of a challenge as leaking pipes!Fortunately, there were so many glowing reviews about Pure Plumbing on Yelp, and I'm happy to say those reviews are justified.  I called Alexis at Pure Plumbing on a rainy and cold morning, and she kindly got me an appointment the same day.  What efficient service, especially for the Saturday right before Thanksgiving!  The technician arrived within about 3 hours following my call, and was able to replace a leaky inner gasket on the water valve within about 20-25 minutes, and explained exactly what the issue was and what he did to fix it.  And the pipes around the main water valve looked shiny and new, though he just said he "cleaned them up a bit."  Well, I was impressed and happy with the work that he did and he was so friendly and easy to talk to.  I liked that he gave me a quote and told me how long he thought the work would take without me having to ask for it.I will definitely use Pure Plumbing in the future for any plumbing issues and would  recommend this company to others without hesitation.  The whole process with them was fantastic!  Great company, excellent work!
5	I was referred to this company from a friend and I am grateful for the referral. They were on time did a great job and were very professional. I would recommend them to any one that needs any plumbing work done.
5	I bought a new house that did not have a water softener or filter. After reading the reviews for Pure Pluming I gave them a call.  From the first phone call the experience was seamless.  Andy came out, walked me through some options, gave me quote and the next day him and Travis did the installation.  I also had them put in a new kitchen faucet .. It looks awesome and my water tastes great! These guys are very professional and honest. I will not hesitate to refer or call them for all of my plumbing needs.
5	Well I had to call Pure Plumbing again, this time broken pipe in the slab. Andy explained my options and I decided to re-plumb the house. This was a time consuming and very expensive job, but worth the investment. Tony and Travis did a great job and most importantly are trust worthy.  They explained everything along the way, stopped to answer my questions,   cleaned up after themselves and made sure I was satisfied before leaving.  No offense, but I hope I do not need their services for a long time but if I do... I would call them in a heart beat.
5	I was in my guest bathroom and decided to flush the toilet, as I don't use that bathroom very often.  Next thing I knew there was water all over the floor and I wasn't sure what was the source.  Upon closer inspection I learned that there was a crack in the tank.  I called Pure, they came out that same day and gave me a free estimate.  They were efficient, on time, professional and clean.  They even looked good and smelled good!  Andy made a call to located the proper fixture.  He told me if he had gotten to them 15 minutes earlier, they would have a new toilet in place that day. No worries, Andy was back first thing in the morning.  Within 90 minutes I had a new water saving toilet.  They left my bathroom cleaner than it was before they came.  This is very impressive!  They don't charge by the hour, they offer a flat rate including parts and labor.  I recommend Pure to anyone who needs worry free, cost effective, professional service!Linda A.
4	They were on time and did a great job in a timely manner.  The guy (can't remember his name) was done within two hours and that included time to go get a toilet to replace mine.  The only reason I have four instead of five stars is that the toilet they put in seems like a super cheap model.  I was given a price and told that it would be an American Standard toilet but got some kind I've never heard of that seems small and flimsy.  Overall I'm still happy with the service I got and would use them again.
5	Had a really bad leak on the main water line in front of the house.. after reading all the good reviews from other ppl here on yelp about pure plumbing I decided to call this guys, they gave me a great price to fix my problem.. they r very reasonable, they had the water leak fix right away it was awesome... I would definitely use n recommend pure plumbing to all my friends, excellent work n prices... by the way Travis very nice n cute guy ;)
5	There is a reason these guys have 5 stars, It's because they're wonderful! The whole process was smooth, from making the appointment for the estimate all the way to the finished job. Everyone was nice and efficient. I have found my plumbers! I will continue to call these guys when I need any plumbing done. Stop wasting time calling any other plumber. Call Pure Plumbing, you'll get reliable service at an affordable price, and from really nice people!
5	Finding a good plumber in Vegas is like finding gold, and I am happy to recommend Andy and his team.  He was here yesterday to install a Moen stainless steel kitchen sink kit (sink & faucet) purchased from Lowe's.  He and his trainee showed up precisely on time to take a look at the laminate countertop which needed to be cut to fit the slightly larger new sink.  Andy called about 15 minutes ahead of time to let me know that he was on the way.The existing cut-out was smaller than the new sink, so he took a couple of measurements, looked underneath the counter to make sure that it would fit, and also looked at the connections to make sure that everything was in good shape.He gave me an estimate that was acceptable, and I gave him the go-ahead to do the job.  He and his very competent trainee got to work and got the job done in just over an hour.  Zip-zip-zip, they cut the countertop, popped in the new sink, hooked up the new faucet, replaced the wall connections, put in a new section of drain underneath the sink, and cleaned up the work area.    Because I knew ahead of time that the work would involve cutting the countertop, I called Andy and asked if they had experience doing this type of installation.  He assured me that they had.  Their work showed both practiced experience, as well as expertise.  I was more than happy with the overall results, from start to finish.Five stars for calling ahead and showing up on time.  Five stars for the free quote and a fair price.  If you love your home and take care of it, you'll want to get the job done right with professionals who know what they're doing and whose work will last.  Five stars for getting the job done quickly.  Five stars for politeness and professionalism.  Five stars for having all of the equipment they needed to do the job.  This is a great little company!  I will definitely hire them again.   :)
5	The folks at Pure Plumbing were professional and just straight up nice from the initial talk on the phone all the way to the handshake after the service.They gave me a courtesy call to let me know they were coming, then showed up right on time, looking and acting sharp. They assessed the problem quickly and thoroughly, then gave me a price which I thought was more than fair. They had my main line snaked and flowing again in no time.I can't imagine having had a better experience. I won't hesitate to call Pure Plumbing for all my plumbing needs.
5	Very professional service with quick turnaround time.
5	Had some mysterious and sudden problems with our toilets, and after the hubby "fixed it" (for two days), we found Pure Plumbing on Yelp. Don J. showed up on time(!!!) and quickly assessed our issue (a "way down the poop chute" clog). He also swiftly and professionally put down my boyfriend's ideas about flapperless toilets. Don worked diligently to get our bathrooms back to 100% -- augering two toilets, one drain beneath a toilet, and then replacing both toilets... Maybe four hours worth of work? Dude HUSTLED. Seriously considering what other plumbing work needs to be done since know we can say we "know a guy". P.S. Baby wipes are not flushable.
5	The 5 Star reviews were totally so true. Called at 6:45 am and Alexis was very pleasant even at this early hour. I like the courtesy call to let us know when they are coming. Travis and Jared were very patient with my mom. The leak was fixed and my mom spoke very highly of them.  We are putting them on our list for plumbing issues.   Thank you and may all of you at Pure Plumbing be blessed with good health and fortune.
5	Not surprising they are getting another 5 stars from a customer.. Owner is a doll and very honest. The staff is sweet and even sent a card the next day. Great customer service.. Thank god!
5	I have never written a review before.I had an unusual "plumbing"problem.My waterfall feature on my pond was mysteriously draining my pond of water.One plumbing service was a "no show"another gave me a long song and dance.Called Pure and they were out the same day.Not only did Travis fix the problem but the artist in him made the waterfall look even better than it ever had.Travis is not only a great plumber,but an exceptional individual!I will never use another plumbing service  other than Pure.Thank you so very much Travis.
5	This company rocks. They came out to give us a bid which was reasonable. They showed up for the work on time, installed the water softener system and cleaned up after themselves. Great job and the price is right. Thank you.
5	I woke up on the 4th of July to a dripping kitchen ceiling. I called Pure Plumbing and they had someone over in an hour. Travis was great! We plan to use them again in the future
5	So I just found Pure Plumbing on Yelp today as my drain clogged during my 3rd load of laundry.  All the reviews I read were totally true Travis was amazing.  He answered the call at 2pm and was at my house on a Saturday by 5pm.  He had a great personality and their price was totally fair.  I have an aggressive dog and it didn't even bother him.  Can't believe they even had the courtesy to close the gate for the dog when they left.  Totally impressive guy and company I highly recommend them.  Thanks again Travis an Jared for allowing me to get back to my laundry duties!
5	I can't say enough about this company. Twice I had urgent problems and they were quick and efficient and reasonably priced.
5	Travis was great he didnt keep ke waiting he explained everything that he had to do or the he may have to do. He was very nice and polite. I will be calling him again for any other plumbing problems I have.
5	TRAVIS CLASPER. Honestly, if you guys are looking for a great company and a wonderful rep then definitely call Pure Plumbing and contact Travis. He was such a amazing help and guided me through a process that I had no idea about. I was struggling trying to figure out water metering issue and right when I called Travis he was on his way ready to help. This company is great, Travis was definitely professional and efficient and he also knew what he was doing. Definitely give him a call, I promise you guys wont be disappointed! I sure wasn't! 5 Starts all the way! :)
5	Had Don from Pure Plumbing at our home for an emergency sewer back up issue. He ended up being here for about 13 hours installing/replacing all the valves around the house. He was by far the most knowledgeable, professional and reasonably priced  plumber we have ever dealt with. He was a pleasure to work with.  Pure plumbing will be our first call for any of our future plumbing needs.
5	HIGHLY recommend this company to anyone looking for plumbing. We bought a foreclosure & knew it would need a bit of work...as it turned out, it  needed A LOT of work!  These guys came over right away & went to work. They are pleasant, knowledgeable & trustworthy. I 110% recommend them!! Thank you Pure Plumbing for saving us!
5	I had an outdoor water leak. Called them to schedule appointment with a very friendly lady. They showed up when they said they would handled and fixed the problem quickly and professionally. They then sent a nice thank you card along with a Starbucks gift card in the mail with was a very nice touch. Nice to deal with a well run classy business!
4	We had a leak in our ceiling that starting pouring water out around 1 in the morning. I called pure plumbing and they answered and were extremely helpful in diagnosing the problem. They reassured us that we could wait until the morning so we didn't have to pay a huge amount for an emergency call which I definitely appreciated. Michael and another plumber came out the next morning and found out that it was the water heater that broke. We had our new heater installed in about 2 hours. They both were awesome-wore shoe covers to protect our carpet, extremely friendly and knowledgable, got the everything done quickly and really did an outstanding job. One star off because it would've been great to know there was a deal on yelp that would've saved us $45. Not a huge amount of $ but our heater cost $950 so anything to soften the blow of spending close to a grand unexpectedly would've helped. I'm still happy with the service though and will recommend to others! Thank you guys!
5	I'm always a bit hesitant when trying a new plumber, but this time I was totally impressed with the service and the price so I now have a plumber I can trust. Andrew (Andy) Aranda was on time, professional, down to earth, and understanding when I mentioned I was on a budget. Andy detailed the problem clearly and gave me a couple options based on what "needed" to be done. He cleaned up after himself and did the job quickly. If you're looking for a great plumber ask for Andrew! I'm sure you'll like his service as much as I did. Pure Plumbing LLC: 1-855-702-PUREBill
5	Just wanted to give a quick update. We ended up having more wall damage than we thought and had to submit an insurance claim. I needed additional info so I contacted the company and they had Michael call me right back. He went above and beyond to take care of everything and was so helpful. Thank you very much Michael! Also, I received a handwritten note in the mail with a Starbucks gift card thanking us for our business. Customer service is so incredibly important and this company really wowed me. Great job, truly an awesome company. I will refer you guys to everyone I know!
5	Had a leak from a outdoor faucet and gave Pure Plumbing a call and Andy (the owner) came out on-time the next morning at 8am. Took him about 30mins to replace the faucet and got it working perfectly. Super nice guy who was very friendly/professional and really cared about keeping the customer happy. He even gave me a 25% discount!I know I can trust Andy to take care of any future plumbing problems I have.
5	My tenant complained about the shower only producing lukewarm water. I called Pure Plumbing after getting frustrated with the lack of responsiveness of another plumbing company. (The first company had been recommended by the building's maintenance dept,). Pure were off to a good start when I was able to speak with a receptionist rather than an answering service. They offered a no-cost diagnostic inspection (another positive) which was promptly arranged for the following morning. In contrast, the other company said they would charge me $125 per hour to diagnose the problem. (It had taken almost three weeks of telephone and text tag just to get to that point). The Pure specialist was quickly able to determine that the problem was "user error" which meant a zero cost solution. The first company had suggested a couple of possible causes based on other situations they had dealt with at that building. The fixes would have ranged from several hundred dollars to just under a thousand (one fix would have involved a very expensive part which is not their fault).I would like to hope that the first company would have also discovered the "user error" and not gone down the expensive fix path. However, even if they did I still would have been $125 out of pocket. The bottom line is, I was impressed by the professionalism, efficiency and honesty of the Pure staff. If I ever have another plumbing problem they will be my first call. Definitely recommended.
5	Wow! Amazing, prompt, honest service all the way around. And, after having such a pleasant experience, I even received a thank you card and a thank you Starbuck's gift card in the mail.What an awesome company =)Thanks, Pure!
4	Friendly, fast service. My appointment was scheduled quickly & they came out on time. The issue ended up being human error :), so they did not do any repairs, but charged a consultation fee which is waived if repairs are done.
5	Pure Plumbing is efficient, professional and reasonable. My reverse osmosis system was hissing and Mike and Travis not only fixed the problem but gave me much needed advice regarding other plumbing issues that as a new homeowner I needed to know. I was very happy with this company and would definitely use them again.
1	They arrived on time and found the problem, but gave us an estimate that was double what homewyse.com estimated would be fair, including two hours of labor.  We went with it anyway so that we could have our water back.   It took the Pure Plumbing man about an hour to complete (part was $60, labor $300).  Still, okay because we went into it knowng we were being overcharged.  However, when the garage flooded shortly after he replaced the balance pressure valve, we were a little shocked.  Turns out the improved water pressure ruined the old water heater -- something the plumber might have mentioned, eh?   Pure Plumbing returned, they assessed the problem and said we could get their elite water heater installed for $1500.  When we said we'd think about it, they got on the phone like true car dealers and talked to "the boss" who said the lowest they could go would be $1350.  When we still said we had to think about it, the plumber said, "Well, what would you be willing to pay?"  Yuck.  If money is no object and you don't mind a floating price, and unexpected follow-up repairs, use them.   As for us, never again.
5	I still use Pure Plumbing for any repair and plumbing needs, and would recommend them to anyone who wants to deal with a truly honest and great group of people!  Andy and Jerrod just put in a reverse osmosis system in my kitchen today, and did a fantastic job (in about 2 hours total).  They explained everything to me before they started, organized all the lines so that it's not a confusing tangle of cords, and showed me all the bells and whistles of the filtration equipment.  Pure Plumbing is purely wonderful!
5	On Friday 8/29, I submitted a request to disconnect and cap off the water line to my old fridge. Since I'm an Internet geek, I tried their online appointment calendar. Would it work? Although it was 9am, I requested a 10am appointment to be safer. No word at 10am. But at around 10:15am, I got a call to confirm the request! Wow, while it was slightly late, it was still within reason! Infinitely superior to the zero reply of another company that I won't mention! Plus both a text message and email notification! Impressive! Mike arrived about 15 minutes later (10:30am), then he left briefly to pick up parts at Lowe's, but once he got back, he was done by 11:30am. My jaw dropped, "Really?" Doubly impressive! On top of that, the charge was only 1/2 or 1/4 of what I would've expected from that other company! Wow, triply impressive! In the end, I told Mike I'd call Pure Plumbing from now on! Thanks Pure Plumbing!
5	After calling close to 10 plumbing services to make sure I don't miss a deal, I happen to find PURE plumbing amongst the bunch listed. Called and from that point on, service is already superb..I scheduled not until a couple days later. The day before, I didn't get a confirmation call -- and I was like "they better not forget me!". And they sure didn't. I got a phone call an hour before the scheduled service time. They also sent me an email confirming my schedule with the picture of the staff (plumber) that was coming. I was just coming home from work & when I got home he (Don J. ) was already there. The estimate was fast & I was quoted a reasonable price for the problem. He started working on it & whoollaaa!!!! within an hour, my kitchen sink started draining normally again!I liked the fact that the receipt/invoice was email, that way I didn't have to deal with another paper receipt which will eventually get lost. I also got the warranty, just in case any issue comes up. Kudos to Pure Plumbing services for such an amazing job, impeccable Customer service, honest & detail-oriented staff (plumbers).
5	Another well deserved 5 star review!! I called last night (Labor day holiday)  expecting a call back today.  Instead I got a call right back and Andy set up an appointment for me Tuesday morning. I asked what the service call charge was and Andy said they don't charge service fees, it's a free diagnostic check. What??? Never heard of any other company doing that. I received another call Tuesday at 8:00  saying Mike was on his way. Pure also sends you an email with the technicians picture before they arrive.  I explained to Mike what the problem was and it was fixed in about 30 seconds! Even more unbelievable was that he didn't even charge me!! I will never call any other plumbing company again except PURE.  Exceptional service, constant communication and totally fair prices. Don't give it a second thought, call Pure.
5	I was very impressed with the service received from Pure Plumbing. They were quick, reasonably priced and did a good job. The serviceman put on slippers so he did not bring dirt into our house. He was very friendly and helpful with advice. He cleaned up the area worked on before leaving. I received a thank you note along with a Starbuck's gift card. I will certainly recommend Pure Plumbing to others.
5	I originally called Pure to help me with a pre-existing gas line.  I was looking at hiring Pure to create an Isometric drawing.  I was willing to pay to have this done.  The young lady who took my call said that Andy would be at my house later that same day.  Since I had given the lady my cell and email, when Andy was en-route, I received both an email and a text.25 min later, the doorbell rang and Andy was here to give me a free quote for my project.  After explaining what I needed and he looked at my house, he told me that he could do what I needed, but told me that it was REALLY easy and I could do it myself to save money.  He quickly sketched out what it needed to look like in less than 5 min and said, that should be it.  (I recreated his drawing, took it the Building Department, and received my gas permit!)  :-)  I could not believe that a "traveling sales rep" would give me something like this for free.  I figured this drawing would have cost me around $250 to $400; but to get the advise for free - shocked me - but in a good way!Talking with Andy, was like talking to a good friend, easy, direct, and funny!  Since he was here, I asked him about another issue that I had, but one that I did not think about fixing right away.  Andy told me that they could be out the next day and replace both of my hose bibs with a better spout.  He told me that I would receive a call from his office within 10 min to schedule my appointment time.  Andy said goodbye, and within 10 min, I received a call from his scheduling department setting my 2 hour appointment time for the next day.Later that evening, I received two emails.  One, showed me the free quote for the original appointment for the isometric drawing for the gas line.  The second one was a written quote for the new items that I asked about.Again, just like clock work, I received an email and text from their system telling me that Joe, the field tech was on his way.  Joe arrived, fully aware of what I needed to have done.  As he was replacing the first hose bib, he noticed that my pressure valve for the irrigation system had cracked and corroded.  I asked him if this is something that he can fix and he said yes, he had one one on the truck.  Wow, what a concept!  Telling the client of a problem and that was costing me a lot of money for wasted water.  Thank you Joe!All of my repairs were completed and I am VERY happy!  I went online to research the company to contact the owner and tell them how happy I was to have found them on Yelp.  Low and behold, Andy is the owner!  When I called him, his attitude towards Customer Service is unlike ANY other contractor in Vegas.  He actually cared about his customers and wanted to make sure that I was taken care of.  I am VERY impressed with Pure Plumbing and I would HIGHLY recommend them!  :-)
1	(Please note that this review has been updated due to the reasons stated below) 10/1 MyToilets and bathtubs were backed up due to a clogged sewer line. Joe arrived ahead of scheduled time window and was super friendly and quoted me a fair price and also gave me a 10%senior discount. He completed the job in about 30 minutes and made sure all drains and toilets were draining and flushing properly before leaving. I then asked him if the backflow tube in the outside area was cleaned up of all toilet paper and fecal matter that he had cleaned out.He assured me he had taken care of it and there was only a small amount left around the drain that would break down and decompose quickly. He also told me he used some of my bleach in my laundry area(which was fine and I would have even loaned him my hose as well to finish cleaning up the considerable amount of fecal matter and toilet paper in my flower bed).  As he had been so professional and courteous to this point, I took him at his word and did not check the backflow area myself before he left. I had a packaged delivered yesterday afternoon from UPS on my doorstep. While outside, I walked down to the backflow area to see if everything was still draining properly. To my shock there were still large chunks of toilet paper and a considerable amount of fecal matter encompassing a 20-24 inch radius around the backflow area..I immediately called Pure Plumbing back and spoke with a woman named Jessica. I began explaining what had transpired and that he had checked the inside area of the bathroom and had done a professional job inside the house trying to tell her all background information regarding the issue.. She tersely interrupted me and stated" "Well, what is the problem then" I was only trying to give her some back ground information so she could better assist me. She told me that she would have to transfer me to a customer service administrator. I then spoke to Alexis and told her what had happened and that I wrote a great review due to his professionalism and  courtesy and  in all areas of work and service based on what he did inside the house and told me about the backflow outside.She thanked me for the review, however I told her that I would not be honest with Pure Plumbing or myself without informing them of what had happened in regards to the backflow area being left in an unacceptable condition (i.e. hygeine  soiled toilet paper). I told her I felt like I was due some type of credit as this was a serious hygiene issue that should have been cleaned up before he left and I was left to spend my own time to try and clean the mess up. She assured me she would call back as soon as possible after speaking with her supervisor and let me know if a credit could be issued.10/2 .I finally received a call back this afternoon on my voicemail.at approximately noon today  Alexis said she spoke with her supervisor and that they would be applying a 10% discount to my bill(total bill 148.50) and that I should see a credit within several business days. End of call. No apology or explanation was offered for my inconvenience or the dishonesty of assuring me the backflow area had been cleaned up. I took the hose out to the area and sprayed for over 20 minutes yesterday afternoon. (I have a severely degenerative left ankle and it is difficult to stand for more than 5-10 minutes). I stopped for the afternoon due to fatigue and went out again this morning and sprayed the area again for another 20- 25 minutes to try and finish breaking up the soiled toilet paper and fecal matter . I have now spent more time cleaning up the toilet paper and fecal matter than the entire service call that I was billed for. I had originally given a 5 star review, but cannot in good conscience leave it at a 5 star rating due to his dishonesty and the way the problem was resolved by management. If you do use this company, I would strongly advise that you visually inspect all areas of work before they leave. I'm very disappointed as he had originally  presented himself and his company in a very professional manner and I felt confident in the choice I had made to resolve my plumbing issueJay
5	Pure Plumbing came out for a free second opinion on a house. Scott stuck with me while I had him digging up the yard for half an hour before we found and fixed the leak on the spot. They saved my out of state clients $1,225 in unnecessary work. I am a Realtor and I will be calling them back for the next issue.
5	I called Pure Plumbing this morning based on their Yelp reviews.  I needed to have my kitchen sink looked at as the water pressure was non-existent and there was no hot water coming from the faucet.  I called at 9am and Scott & Jared were at my house at 10:30am.  The quickly fixed the issue and offered to replace the faucet (something I had wanted to do anyway).  They went to Lowe's texted me pics of faucets for me to choose, bought it, brought it back with receipt and installed it.  They went ABOVE and BEYOND. By far the best experience I've ever had with a plumbing company.  I give them my HIGHEST recommendation.  They made my life easier and better today...wow...what more could I want? :-)  Thank you Scott & Jared!!!
5	Client referred them to me.  Schedule an appointment for a water softening system quote.  Wow, someone actually showed up on time in Las Vegas.  Joe was very courteous and explained the options.  He went through my whole house and checked things out (no charge).   I decided to go with the Halo 5 system, Joe was able to install it the same day and showed me how everything works.  Not the cheapest, not the most expensive, but I'm willing to pay a little more for good service.  I would refer them to my mother..
5	It's been a while since I've written a review, but I thought it was only fair since I discovered Pure Plumbing on Yelp, and once again, Yelp reviewers have not let me down.  The scheduler & Michael the plumber were extremely pleasant to work with.  And I loved how they texted & called me 20 - 30 minutes before arriving, and that was within the original 2 hour window they gave me.  They also emailed me a photo of Michael, so I knew who to expect at the front door.  A definite plus given all the crazies out there today...=)
5	I had an ongoing issue in my home and I had Pure come out. The plumber and I discussed solutions and then he got a 2nd opinion from management so that the actions they would take would have the best possible outcome. The next day Joe showed up, found the problem and worked hard to fix in the most cost effective manner.  I got at least two followup calls and a note to make sure that I was completely satisfied with their work. Great customer service and their work solved my problem. I will definitely recommend to friends and use again.
5	We called Pure Plumbing on a Sunday when we had just bought our new home. We just moved from Wyoming and had no idea who to call.  We went on yelp to see who to call and luckily found Pure Plumbing!  We had overflowing toilets and could not use our showers or sinks in the house.  The nice people at Pure got someone out within a couple of hours of our calling...Michael texted and called before he came.  He did not charge weekend hours which we were so worried about and was so nice and professional. He took care of our problem very quickly!  We did however, have the problem come up again about a day and a half later, no fault of Michael's.  We found out after a quick call and another visit from Scott this time (equally as nice and professional) that it was a problem from our builder and he took care of it for good!  No charge!!!  Who does that!!!   We will never call another plumbing service!!!  They really are the best!
5	I have a rental property in Las Vegas and the tenant was saying that her water bill was very high, so I needed to get someone to see if there was a leak and, if so, get it fixed.  I selected Pure Plumbing based on the excellent reviews here on Yelp and I was not disappointed.  They contacted my tenant, arranged a mutually convenient time to come out to the house and called me with the work they needed to do to take care of a small bathroom problem.  I was very impressed and quite relieved that the cost of the work was so reasonable.
5	Don from Pure Plumbing was great. He was quick and efficient.   I had a leaky pipe in the front yard. I called this AM and Pure Plumbing shot right over. Don gave me a reasonable quote and got right to work. If any other plumbing issues come up I hope he is the one who comes back out to my house.  Thank you Pure Plumbing.
5	Pure Plumbing is awesome! I had a problem with an squealing noise going off and on throughout the day and night, driving me and my roommate crazy. I made an appointment over the phone with very polite and courteous staff, and they also send a picture of the technician before they arrive. (Great idea, you never know nowadays!)The technician Michael was very friendly and chill (yes, I'm a Californian, that's the word I'm going with) as I told him about the problem and he went to look into it. He quickly identified where the noise was coming from. After getting the necessary parts, he went in and changed everything out and voila! Problem solved.Great company with great service by great people.
5	Well, not a whole lot to say about Pure Plumbing that has not been mentioned or reviewed already.....but I just have to say that Pure Plumbing deserves the 5-STAR reviews. The Technician that did our Water Heater install (Michael Day) was excellent. Not only was he on time, but very professional and courteous. The estimate for installing a 50gal water heater was actually a little better (cheaper) than what I had been quoted at 2 other places. Scheduling was easy/simple and Pure Plumbing is available 24hrs/day. Yes, I would call Pure Plumbing again for any plumbing job I needed......and I would ask for Michael Day to do the job. Every once in a while, you come across a business that is well run, the business cares about its customers and the employees are polite/efficient/professional and that describes Pure Plumbing.
5	Fantastic personal service by Scott Huckleby. He personally went way above and beyond to get the job done right. These guys get customer service. On top of A+ customer service he is very skilled and knowledgable. If you're looking for the best plumbing service, you've found it.
5	Second time we have used this service: terrific. Both times they send out Michael Day, who is thorough, personable, efficient and really competent. Both times he has diagnosed the problems quickly, and done a top notch job of fixing them. This last time, on his way to the problem in the other room, he found a loose pipe under our kitchen sink and tightened it; preventing a possible big problem downstream. We will use Pure Plumbing in the future, and we will request Michael Day.
5	After reading the reviews on here, I decided to give this company a call.  From the people answering their phones to their plumbers, the experience was a stark contrast to what is usually "out there"..  The receptionists are always very polite and courteous (and cheerful)!  The plumber that came out to fix my problem (a main line water break), was Michael Day.  He was very professional, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable!  I had them do a couple of follow-up appointments for some questions I had and they came over with no problem what-so-ever!!  An expensive repair is awful and the last thing you need is someone who is rude on the phone and a tech that talks down to you (as if you're a moron)!!  Not with this company!  As Tony the Tiger would say. ... "They're great"!!!  Thanks Pure Plumbing!  If I ever need a plumber in the future, there is no doubt, I'll be calling Pure Plumbing!!!
5	Great service!!!Called around 1pm. Nice dispatcher promised me svc between 3&5pm. Neatly uniformed plumber showed up around 3pm and happened to have a replacement fawcett in his van. Gave me discount on price and cleaned up after repair. Even agreed to fix today and come by tomorrow to pick up check from my corp office.5 stars doesn't even tell it. Prompt, clean, courteous, professional, and reasonable. You guys rock!!!
5	I highly recommend Pure Plumbing. We called them for what we thought would be a simple sink exchange in the kitchen, but it turned out to be the sink swap from hell. The previous installer had used adhesive that when the sink was removed it pulled up the tile around the sink. Andy from PP call a repair person who came in and repaired the tile so the installation job could be completed. It is now done and looks awesome. I can't recommend PP enough. And even though there was a lot of extra hours involved they stuck with their original bid. Fantastic service!
5	Amazing service!  We've been having this vibrating noise in the garage for some time now every time we turned ion the hot water or flushed the toilet.  After researching online, it was recommended that we flush our water heater and have a plumber  do an inspection.   I called at 2:00AM and at 7:30am, they called to confirm a time.  Trevor came around 9am. He is so friendly and have a great personality. He flushed the water heater and provided basic maintenance.  He answered all of our questions  patiently.  No more noise!  It is such a breath of fresh air to have a service company whose  priority is our satisfaction.  I definitely will be using them again.  Thank you Pure Plumbing.
5	Called on a Sunday afternoon. The lady that answered phone was so courteous and friendly and repairman was Michael Day. We will recommend them to everyone. Very happy with whole process
2	I can only speak to part of their operation, because I didn't end up using them for the repair. The problem was a corroded manifold system that was slowly seeping water into the adjacent wall. I looked on Yelp for a highly rated plumber and gave these guys a call.The phone service was friendly, and the technician showed up quickly the same morning. He had a look, went back to his truck for a few minutes, and then came back with, "It'll take us two weeks to get the parts, and it'll be $1600." (!!)This seemed crazy given the problem I was looking at. I got on Amazon, had the parts the next day for $280, and three days later had the whole thing fixed after a lot of YouTube videos and a little help from my handyman. Saved me $1300 and ten days of shut-off water.Fwiw, the people at Pure all seem very personable.
5	We are very pleased with pure plumbing. The technicians are very knowledgeable. We had our water- gas heater broken and flooded the entire garage. After calling them they came out quickly and then next day, they replaced it with a brand new heater in less then an hour. I recommend pure plumbing:-)
5	A real pleasure to deal with. Andrew the owner was prompt & courteous. No charge to come & give an estimate. Appointment available when we needed it. No hassle. No fuss. They also don't charge by the hour, flat rate only  & the price they quote you is the price you pay. We would not hesitate to call them again. I can now see why they have so many reviews but still have 5 stars !!
5	I love, love, love this company!  In my line of work, I've used many plumbing companies over the years and this company tops them all, hands down.  It makes my job a lot easier.  Alexis is wonderful, she's the office manager.  And Andy is terrific, very knowledgeable, professional, fair.  I found them on Yelp one day and now I only use this company.  I've used them on several jobs already and they have exceeded my expectations.  I also refer them to all of my clients.  Some of you complain that prices are high, whatever.  Beware!  You get what you pay for.  With Pure Plumbing, you will get a job well done, at a fair price.  These guys are professionals and know plumbing inside out.  I would rather get it done right the first time.  (Also, I like the text and email notifications, how many other plumbers do that?  None, that I'm aware of.)  Try this company, you won't regret it!
