5	This place scores tops in customer services, speed, sushi quality and it's kid friendly! They love our 2-year old daughter and totally cater to her. She loves their teryaki chicken and rice and how they treat her like a princess. Most sushi places that we've frequented in the past are not really savvy with kids - this place loves them!In terms of grown up food, their sushi is incredible! The flavor and freshness appeal to all tastes and the variety is the best I've seen! I am addicted to the Califonia Crunch Roll and Green Valley Rolls! The presentation is so fabulous that everytime they bring the rolls to our table, everyone around us asks what we've ordered. We've taken some friends there and everyone is eager to return. We go at least once a week.
4	The food and service here are pretty good. I believe the owners or chefs are from Hawaii, as the feature many dishes that are popular there. The last time I was here I ordered their Katsu Curry dish, which I was surprised they had since I don't see it in many places. It was very appetizing, and their portions are huge! It's kind of nice that it's close by to our school, especially if we want a quick fix of sushi or Japanese food...
4	This will probably be the go-to sushi place for my needs. My girlfriend loves the teriyaki and bourbon chicken from this place. The special rolls are little pricey, but the sashimi and hand-rolls are decent. Fresh fish and nice servers, can't complain.
4	dropped buy for takeout. wow, a lot of options from hot  (chinese, japanese, and hawaiian) to cold items (sushi). overtly cautious about any all-in-one-stop pacific island/asian cuisine and sushi, i only ordered a spicy crab roll (8 pieces) to go.  it came with two packets of kimlan soy sauce, wasabi, and ginger.   as it was made to order, it was very fresh and satisfying i didn't need anything else in terms of having to buy a meal.  they really packed on the crab meat.  the seasoning of the sushi rice was perfect.  i was impressed with the ginger: it appeared home-made,  thinly sliced white pieces, crisp and retained it's natural spiciness. for a chain concept, the atmosphere of the restaurant maintained it's charm as a local eatery.
2	Yucky would be a more appropriate name.....2 rolls took 20 minutes to make...and there was only one other group inside Wed night at 8....had teriyaki and salmon rolls....average at best...apparent this is a chain and quality leaves much to be desired....there's another sushi restaurant near Sunset Station on Stephaine I went to a year ago...name escapes me.....that was much better.
5	I love this place. The miso soup is delish. they have a ton of sushi rolls to pick from. the spicy salmon is my favorite so far but we stick to the simple rolls. I get too cautious the higher more confusing rolls... way too many calories ur trying to pack into that otherwise healthy roll. they also havea  teriyaki sushi combo. either ter. ckin or ter. beef or both and comes with 1/2 cali roll (4 pc) and a salad or macaroni salad. all for like $8 or $9. def. worth it and you wont finish it. My bf & I went 2 days in a row!!! You cant beat the prices for the quality you get. I've had better but i walked out with a much higher tab.. and if u feel like having sushi but not wanting a $75.00 tab -try this place. I have yet to be disappointed.
4	I just moved from Chicago which doesn't have many quality sushi restaurants, so when I moved to Henderson this past month I was amazed by all of the sushi restaurants in the area! After driving by Yummy Grill Sushi several times, I decided to hop in and grab a couple rolls to-go after my workout.I LOVE their sushi!!! I haven't tried any of their other dishes, just the sushi. I started off getting a couple basic rolls and then last night I went with my boyfriend and went a little crazy. I've eaten the California Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Volcano Roll, James Bond Roll and Japanese Lasagna Roll. DELICIOUS! I was really surprised how each roll was fresh and filled to the brim with crab, fish, tuna, shrimp, etc. They did not go lightly on fillings and the quality was very good. The rolls could be a little tighter (sometimes they fell apart), but it wasn't a big deal. The best part of the restaurant was walking in and not smelling fish or seafood. That's the first bad sign of a poorly maintained sushi restaurant. I couldn't smell rotten fish or seafood which comforted us on our first dine-in visit to Yummy Grill.The service was great. The restaurant wasn't packed, but it was almost 3/4 full and between two servers my water was never empty and they checked-in a few times which was nice. They have a HUGE variety of rolls which I love. Some of them are lighter, others are baked with Yum Yum Sauce or deep fried (which my boyfriend LOVES). I enjoyed having so many different choices!The special rolls are a little pricey, but the basic rolls are very easy on the pocketbook. I wish they had sake!I would definitely reccommend going to Yummy Sushi Grill! It's great earlier in the day or later at night (they're open until 10 during the week and 11 on the weekends).
4	This place has realllly good food! The sushi was amazing along with the crab rangoons, vegetable tempeh, and my Kung Pao Tofu. Staff is very friendly although the service was really bad. We were seated and it took at least 10 mintues for them to say hello again and to get drinks. They have a wide variety of food choices along with sushi. I would love to go back and see if service improves since they were busy or if they are always like that.
5	Love it! Love it! Love it! It's always so yummy!
5	I like this place a lot because of their extensive variety of different asian cuisines. They have sushi rolls, noodle soups, chinese dishes, noodle dishes, and more! So whenever I'm craving Asian food and I'm not sure what I want, I'll come here!Their sushi is delicious and tastes very fresh. I've also had their chow mein dish and that's always good. Service might not be extremely great, but that's the beauty of ording to-go!
4	I like that their menu has a lot of variety - even if you don't like sushi, you can find something yummy to eat here.  Their teriyaki  and bourbon chicken bowls are cheap and delicious - I like getting those for lunch.  All of the sushi rolls I've tried were awesome and fresh, although a little overpriced.  The place is never packed, so you always get quick and friendly service.
4	Another quick food stop. Out on a errands trip and got a bit hungry and drove by this on Marks street. Lace and I both got the sushi we normally do, smoked salmon and a order of spicy crab roll. Literally we were seated, ate and out the door in 15 minutes. Food was good, great price and great service.
4	Service was slow and snooty. Lots of seating. I tried their meat jun. Its okay but their tiger roll makes me go "grrrrrr".  They took their time on this work of art, it took me a fraction of that time to devour. I ate so fast that I wasn't sure if I even really ate it. Well, the plate was the proof, I guess.
5	I've been by Yummy Grill and Sushi for a long time and never stopped in. One time we even got to the door and didn't go in after looking at the menu, but recently we took a shot and had lunch there. AMAZING! I was really impressed with the HUGE menu and it seemed as though several Asian restaurants are doing business under one roof! Sushi, Japanese, Korean, Hawaiian, Chinese all in one place. I give them 5 stars for their huge selection. Presentation is always good and so is the waitress service. I don't know how they juggle all the different items, but so far it's done very well. I didn't expect a really good place in a strip mall / Wal Mart location, but don't let that deceive you!There is a dish of noodles and black bean sauce (kind of like Asian Spaghetti) and for $6.95 I am a super fan and will have it every time I dine there. They make this dish in LA, but this one is pretty close if not better!  My wife likes the Udon noodles and spicy tuna rolls. Great prices, great service, super selelection! Maybe we will be in there tonight!Oooooo, almost forgot their Island Oasis fruit smoothies! Huge selection of flavor and you can add Bobba too! Yummy!
3	Two times, same order, years apart!The chirashi bowl.....rice, sashimi, and the special Yummy Grill kicker...rice seasoning!!!! yummmm seaweed deliciousness.I took it to go years ago (rhyme intended) and forgot about the rice seasoning but remembered it was decent.  I was in the neighborhood yesterday and was torn between healthy raw sushi and fried calamari and shrimp appetizer at Sierra Gold.  Told myself to wait until I am married before I eat more fried stuff, and went to Yummy for grub.Waitress was nice, green iced tea refreshing and refilled, and Chirashi was pretty and sprinkled with magic seaweed dust.  It had tamago, salmon, eel, tuna, red snapper, and one sneaky sexy yellowtail belly cut.  It was fresh, tasty, healthy-ish (minus the fatty fish I suppose, but it is GOOD fat I tell you) and fit the needs of my hungry tummy.
4	Such a great place to eat. I go there quite often with my co workers. Their lunch combo plate is amazing. They have a great variety of rolls and the service is excellent :) Definitely give it a try if you're in the area and craving some sushi!
2	I was in the area running errands and needed a light bite to eat. I had never eaten at Yummy Grill Sushi before and it had an overall score of 4 stars on Yelp so I figured it was worth a try. Mistake on my part! I am guessing the majority of the high-star reviews are for the cooked food that YGS offers. I had a lemonade, an order of tuna nigiri, and a philly roll. My drink did get refilled pretty quickly but the food was disappointing. Extremely small cuts of fish. I felt the prices were too high for both the quality and quantity of food delivered.Yummy Grill? Perhaps. Yummy Sushi? Not so much.
5	Laid back environment, but great food.  I get the Hawaiian short ribs here all the time.  The food is cheap for the tastiness you get.  It's Yummy.  Try it!
2	Ehhhh... the service was great, even with the place moderately busy.  The cuts of fish were on the small side, but the price was pretty on-point.  Listen, I'm not looking for a waitress to literally sit at our table or for the sushi to taste like it was caught in the fishtank 10 seconds ago.  With that in mind, I wasn't really disappointed, but I never want my sushi experiences to be average.  All in all, the quality of food wasn't really what I was hoping for.
1	I ordered a chicken udon, inari, and rice to go. The food was ok and took too long to prepare, almost 20 minutes. It was a to go order and when I got to the house there was no rice in the bag yet when i checked the receipt they had charged me. I was very disappointed.
1	Staff was nice. Food was OK, but all members of the party were up all night with gastrointestinal problems. Cant recommend and wont be back.
4	Just ate here, it was across the street when we looked up and said why not.I will be honest, I was not expecting to like this place.I could have not been more wrong.A lot of tables in an open setting but still not overly loud with conversations intruding in to ours.Waitress was nice and very efficiant.The food was so much better than; as I said expected. Mine came with spam of which I have never had and macaroni salad. I do not like macaroni salad but this was good, really good. The chicken, beef and shrimp was all very good as well.They just need to take a look in the corners and give a quick clean.Glad we looked up.
4	Cost is average. Taste is above average. I'm here at least once a month for lunch. Nice place and always seated at the same table every time. I guess they know me here. Great service and very attentive. I recommend this place.
1	I use to go to Yummy Grill Sushi once a week. I use to love them! But since a few months back I'm afraid it's gone quickly down hill. We order our items to go and it always takes VERY long. Even on off nights with no one eating there it takes too long. Trust me I love sushi and I have a repect for the art of creating such edible beauties. But it doesn't take 30 minutes to make popular 2 rolls. The last 2 orders we've taken to go were both wrong. I don't live across the street baby I live across town!So you can imagine the unhappiness that comes with going back for the right order! ]:( I won't be eating here anymore. They've now lost $200 + a month from me and my family!
3	When I first tried this place couple years ago I wasn't really impressed with both the food and service. My hair stylist is the one responsible for my latest visit here and insisted to try their Kalbi ribs instead. Im glad I did give it another try.  The Good: Kalbi ribs, marinated and grilled, meat tender.  Shrimp tempura, I like the light batter they use, shrimp fresh, but size is on the smaller side. Salad, crisp and well chilled greens.  Not so good: Chicken still felt kind of dry, the place looks so outdated and worn. Maybe it's because I still see former hints of the when it was sandwich/bread place.Service is fair. You are seated and your order is taken promptly. The staff is really nice but you have to waved them down if you want your drink refilled, extra napkin, your check etc.  Menu prices are in line with other restaurants in the area.  I like that this location is conveniently located in the Super Walmart strip mall, so when Im finished with shopping, I can have a quick lunch here.
5	I can't speak to the other items but the sushi rolls are my favorite in Henderson.I frequent Yummy about once a week and the rolls are always fresh and tasty.  Whenever i order takeout the sauces are always put on the side so that the rolls are not mushy and saturated by the time i get to my destination.I definitely recomend eating here.
4	This just an update...When I'm in the area and don't fell like trying something new, I will hit up Yummy Sushi. Lately, I haven't been having any of their sushi's.  Discovered that they have some of the best Loco Moco's.  Huge portions, double patties, and they serve it with brown rice (per request). Hits the spot on my last 3 visits.  Still 4 stars for me. Way to go!!
4	Yummy has my go to spicy salmon roll when I don't feel like getting AYCE sushi. I've been here a few times and it's always consistently good. I've tried many of their appetizers, entrees, and sushi rolls.They have a large restaurant and it's very casual. Their menu is huge which I don't always like. I think it works in their case.I usually opt for a sushi roll and an entree from the Chinese or Hawaiian side.They have a good chicken curry katsu which I usually order and their BBQ mix plate is good as well.The staff is nice. They don't have exceptional service, but they definitely check up on you.Food comes out fresh and quick, the serving sizes are pretty big, the prices are reasonable, there's never a wait, and they have a large menu.Good for a casual lunch or dinner
3	Their boba drinks are so yummy!Sweet and sour chicken so good and good sushi offered here. Things I can live without their cucumber salad flavorless and teriyaki  combo plate not so good.
3	Some good rolls, a lot of choice!!!  i'll go again for sure... ;)
5	Wow I just discovered this place by random and their food really hit the spot! Great service, yummy food!! I recommend 'screaming orgasm' 'sex on the beach' rolls. This is definitely my new favorite place for my sushi cravings!
4	This is a pretty good restaurant if you are looking for a quick bit. I had their Japanese lasagna and it was really good. Unfortunately they don't offer AYCE and it gets pretty pricey if you are hungry and are planning to eat more than a couple rolls.
2	The fact that this place was empty at 1 o'clock for lunch should have been a warning sign. :( I ordered two rolls of sushi and an appetizer of shrimp tempura. The appetizer was EXTREMELY fishy smelly and tasting! It was only shrimp! I could only make it through one bite. My two rolls of sushi were bland and the ingredients tasted like they were not fresh and had been sitting around for a while. Brown avocado? Yuck. Also the place is a little worn down and could use some repair. The plates and cups had all their finishes worn away so they just looked like flat matte plastic. Not appetizing. Won't be going back there anytime soon!
5	So delicious! I eat here about once a week. The what's your name roll is just so tasty! Partner that with their teas and mmmmm!!
4	came here for lunch. when i entered the rest. i was greeted. the place was pretty large and  busy from about 1-2 pm. i ask for a to go menu. after looking through the menu they have a very large selection from japanese, thai, hawaiian, and chinese food. umm i didnt know how to think about that. i decided to go with the meat jun. which is a thin slice of steak battered with egg. its like an omelet ish. with its sauce. it came with rice and salad for about $7-$8 bucks. Price were not that bad. all about under $10. the food was really good. the staff was also nice too. would def be back !
4	Good food!   Not a hole in the wall, but not huge, maybe 20 tables.  Easy to have private conversations without straining to hear each other.  Yes it is a mash of all oriental cuisines, the menu is an inch thick!  Maybe some other reviewers missed the five foot high menu affixed to the front glass!  I only had tempura and rolls my first trip and the food was great. During my visit there was a table of oriental women (three generations) there speaking their native language.  That seemed higher praise to me than any typical review.
2	Where to start.  Hubby and I stopped here for takeout 5/31/13. He ordered the BBQ short ribs, and I ordered the bourbon chicken - to go.  We also ordered two of the boba teas. While we were waiting for our food, I decided to use the restroom. It looked like the floor hadn't seen a mop in a month. I went back out to the dining area and took a good look around. It was clean, and from what I could see of the kitchen, it appeared clean. OK, so maybe someone just doesn't like to clean the restroom.We got our food in a timely manner and headed home. When we got home, I discovered something I'd never seen before. We had both ordered the macaroni salad with our meals. Both of our meals had that salad in the same to-go container as our hot food!  What the??  This made the salad extremely warm and gross. On top of that, the sauce from my chicken had invaded that compartment of the container. Yuck!OK, so maybe the scoop of salad isn't such a big deal, we can eat the rest of our meal. Here's where the review gets confusing. While both the ribs and chicken were cooked very nicely, there was NO flavor to either of them. Doubtful we will be back, unless just to grab a boba, since those were fine.
5	It's good, the service is good. The food and sushi is always good
5	I've been going to this place for around 8 yrs. now and haven't been disappointed yet. If you are looking for just sushi then you are missing the mark. You've got to go to the back of the menu and order from the northern Chinese/Korean menu. If you like noodle soup try item #5 which is the SPICY SEAFOOD NOODLE SOUP it's amazing. Their Korean style fried rice is beyond belief and try their SPICY ORANGE CHICKEN delightful. The service is great and the atmosphere is friendly. This is just one man's opinion.ThanksPlease try to go beyond just having sushi, as this is not just another sushi bar. Reach out and try the other items on the menu, the chef is very creative and I think you would enjoy some of his suggestions. Once again the service is fantastic and the staff is very friendly, which to me, is at least half of the experience of eating here. Yummy Grill and Sushi is great for take-out too.One Mans Opinion againTanks
4	This place is pretty interesting....they may call themselves "Yummy Grill SUSHI" but it's not just a Japanese restaurant.  Besides that, they got  your Chinese and Thai dishes. I think I saw someone ordering Indonesian fried rice too. I wanted to order drinks too but eh...I forgot to and by the time I remember, I wasn't really in the mood. Oh wells...save some unneeded calories, right? =) lolSo for those who may not be in the mood for sushi but someone in your party does, have no fear...there are other choices available that I'm sure will suit your taste buds.
4	4 stars is still good, and why 4 stars we will discuss here, i have had many good experiences but a bad one too mainly from showing up at night, my girlfriend and i arrived around 8 and they close at 9, the waitress was very rude and wanted us to order quickly , yes i understand you begin clean up at 9 but that doesn't mean rush your customer out the damn door it was very rude and she should be talked to about it. Other than that i have had great food here for the price, not the best sushi in town but for the price very good, their miso soup taste fresh and healthy, drinks are bottom-less and the quality is a good 4/5 stars!
4	UPDATE - This place is slowly growing on me enough to bump it yet another star thanks to the their Loco Moco.  What you didn't notice they had Loco Moco here too? Neither did I till Mel C. pointed it out.  I really like they use better quality beef for the burger patties and gravy was not to thick.  Even though it's not  made like your typical Loco Moco(rice, burger layered)  I really liked how the burgers are plated on a bed of shredded cabbage instead of rice. The rice was off to the side instead. You can also opt for brown rice as well!  Good for those who are watching our starch intake. Ono grindz! Oh and all the servers at this shift were on the ball! Good job YG&S!
3	Talk about interesting set up. All I keep thinking about was the name Yummy Sushi and the last time went too another location was heavenly. Too my disappointment really did not have the same feelings for this one. The first moment step off feeling like not even in sushi restaurant or close too since there really is no true sushi bar area. When you look at the menu talk about diversity (that is something that will give them credit) between local food, sushi, and whole chinese section. My problem with menu that big is question the quality of the fish with that many different things not just the fish. As much as like diversity makes it harder too narrow down ones choice. I feel like menu is way too big.The food I ordered the Meat Jun. It was average at best. I know going too be tough since the last time had it went too Island Style still the king of Meat Jun. The things disliked about it. I felt like the meat not much flavor, little bit skimpy, and the egg wash batter was kinds of wrong. The end pieces felt like excess egg batter and no meat. If anything gauge meat jun is egg too meat. I felt like too much egg batter on this meat jun. Not enough meat. Meat Jun about the meat as much as the egg! The mac salad was ok. I wanted too try one of the sushi so got spicy tune tempura roll. Really nothing special and felt like the sushi rice very bland. Overall nothing great about the food. I mention before the menu is huge so might have just ordered the wrong stuff. It is on the other side of town plus knowing better place nearby me not sure if will make it back.The service was great. The company hanging out with yelp Ohana made up for any bad meal with great conversations, great peeps, and great times.
2	Kind of a weird menu. They serve sushi, Chinese food, and Hawaiian BBQ. I guess I shouldn't have expected too much in the sushi department. The fish was far from fresh and didn't look very appealing. Even the prawn looked sad. To top it off, the pieces of fish were very small. My friend got Chinese food which he said was so so. Oh well. I don't recommend this place.
2	Pizza and sex are two of those kinds of things that, even when they're bad, they're still pretty good...  Sushi unfortunately is not one of those things.  When sushi is bad, it's just bad.  Although I didn't get violently ill, all of the items in my lunch bento box tasted like they had been sitting around for several days.  The fish tasted dry and stale and both of our rolls were falling apart.  The dining room was nice and open, but it definitely had a fast food feel to it.  Our server was attentive and very polite, which is why I give two stars instead of one, but the poor quality and execution of our lunch dishes ensured an overall terrible experience.With the infinite amount of quality restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas, it would be foolish to give them a second chance.
3	This is my first time going here I looked it up on yelpThe sushi was good
3	They really fell off recently. Not sure if under new management or what. Food is still ok and I still order Togo every now and again.
3	This is kind of a funny place, I like it but only because I know not to take it too seriously. They have Sushi, Bento styled combo plates, Chinese, a whole mix of stuff. I come here when I want Chinese and some sushi at the same time, aka when I can't make up my mind on what I want but know I want some kind of Asian food lolAll the food I've tried has a generally good, satisfying flavor, not amazing but definitely not bad.The atmosphere however is very awkward. They always sit people in the middle of the open room  and close to one another and the waitresses are  nice but kind of shy and just watch you while you eat. This place needs some music or something, if the people eating aren't talking, it's dead silent. It seems the workers don't even talk to eachother lolOverall the food is satisfying and I will keep coming back when I'm feeling decisive :)
3	I ordered a spicy ahi tempura roll to go, when I got home I found out that the ahi is cooked! Wth?? The udon is a little on the sweet side but still ok. They also gave me the spicy seafood soup instead of the regular spicy noodle soup but it may have just been a mistake because we did change our minds at one point, although I'm sure we made it pretty clear. Overall, I'm a little disappointed. I thought maybe I had found a good Asian food place near my home but I guess I was wrong.
2	The atmosphere was really nice but I was not to thrilled about the food. I thought it was over priced. The service was good.
4	I think this place is closed because they didn't pay their rent.  It's a shame since my folks and I liked eating here. :(
1	Place is closed according to constable's note due to failure to pay rent. Effective 10/25/13.Used to like the noodle soup here too. Dang.
1	Ugh.. Came here one night cause I was on this side of town and I always go to the one on west lake mead so I thought it would be the same and I was needless to say VERY disappointed. The orders were wrong and then when they finally got it right and we had to wait forever the sushi wasnt fresh and i had to devour it with spicy mayo and wasabi to hide the flavor.
1	:(
