5	Talk about great customer service and affordable prices!It's a non-chain mom and pop jeweler hidden in an off the beaten path stip mall.  It is really perfect!  You get complete one on one and they are willing to work within any budget.  No pressure to buy and just a great experience.  It is nice looking at wedding bands when there aren't 15 other brides around you doing the same thing-- it makes you feel more special.I recommend Burland.  HIGHLY.
5	This Jewelry Store GAVE me money back...yes, they paid me!!   In today's economy, you try and work to do everything right so you can save a little money here and there.  I took in all my old gold, my new engagement ring, and my demands for the perfect wedding band.After a 1/2 hour, we had picked out a wedding band for my fiance with one helpful employee and I had resized and sold my old gold with the help of another employee.   Within hours they called to tell me my money was ready as was my diamond ring!  Really?  The SAME DAY?Then, less than a week later, my fiance's ring arrived.  We picked everything up and they gave me cash and we walked out the door.  I didn't pay them a cent.  I have worked with other Jewelers and even sold other gold pieces at a party I held - but this was the BEST experience I have had with a Jeweler yet.  My ring looked BRAND new and fits perfectly, and my gold received the BEST and the most HONEST pricing EVER!Bring everything to these folks - they are eager to assist you and offer honest, reliable service.
5	I had a great experience at Burland.  After reading the other reviews on Yelp, I decided to give them a shot.   I took my watch in for repair, and within minutes the battery had been replaced and it was as good as new.  They also cleaned my wedding ring while I waited.   If you are a fan of supporting family-run businesses, this is your jeweler. Great service, great place.  I will definitely be back!
5	We found the prefect wedding ring for my finance here.  We had a heck of a time finding something he liked and that looked good on him.  Trish and Helen were both super helpful and very friendly.  Our perfect and unique wedding band was ordered and came in very quickly - it looks perfect!  We are so glad we came in!
5	I had a great great experience buying a certain special piece of jewelry (shh don't tell her!)Unlike other shops, I felt at home and welcome at Burland.  There was no pressure.  They carried a very diverse and beautiful selection of jewelry that could fit any budget.I was afraid that my small budget couldn't get me much, but I immediately saw that I could get a lot for my small budget!Helen and Marc were wonderful salespeople.  They were sincerely excited to help me.  They patiently answered all my numerous questions.  Once again, there was no pressure.  They even ordered a few rings in the style I was looking for to have a greater selection. They told me they would call me in a week when they came in.Coming back for the second visit, I picked out the ring I wanted.  24 hours later, a beautiful ring was in my possession.  For the first time in a long time, i've had no buyers remorse at all.Let's just hope the love of my life will have it!
5	I needed a replacement watch battery for a movado watch and had limited time before businesses were closing. Called around and was getting ridiculous quotes of more than $50. Called burland and they welcomed me and fixed my battery in less than 10 minutes & less than $10. They were very friendly to top it all off. Roommate needs to get a watch fixed and I'm definitely referring him here. Thanks
5	Needed a spring pin for my watchband.  I used to go to Walgreens or CVS but they've stopped carrying watchbands and don't have those small watch repair kits.Looking for something in the hood, read a review of Burlands and stopped there on my way home.  The folks couldn't be more pleasant.  Not only did he have the spring pins, he put it in and wouldn't charge me.I know where I'm going when I need a real watch repair or just a watch battery or want to pick up some bling.
5	We got our wedding bands here! Jan was wonderful to work with - my now-husband changed his mind 3 times about his band (and one of them was a custom order) and they didn't even blink an eye. I was worried about my ring size since the temperatures can of course be extreme here in Phoenix and they said they could resize my ring anytime I needed free of charge, which is awesome. It was so great to find a local, family-operated jewelry shop with such great and friendly service. I highly recommend Burland! P.S. Nothing to do with them, but they're next to a great little mom and pop Italian deli. Beautiful jewelry and delicious subs? Score!!
5	What a great bunch of people!!I came wandering in here looking to get my great grandmother's ring cleaned - which they promptly assisted me with for free.  While the ring was being cleaned I started to ask about the appraisal process and once the associate found out I wanted it appraised just for my own curiosity (as opposed to insurance purposes) she introduced me to a staff member who could give me more information on this ring - also for free. Just by looking at the ring for 2 minutes, this man told me the clarity of the diamond, the size, a history lesson about the cut, the karat of the gold, and most impressively - that it was made in the 1920s-1930s. Wow! I learned a lot about my great grandmother's ring from these very  knowledgeable, and helpful experts!I appreciate how well I was treated even though I wasn't dropping a dime on their merchandise.  If I am ever in the market for some beautiful fine jewelry, I will most certainly come back to Burland's.
5	This was the first place my fiancee and I looked for rings. The staff was very knowledgeable and educated us on the different diamond types, cut and clarity. They took the time to show us what they had in stock and were very friendly and professional. We did pick out a diamond and a setting that day. They held it for us until we made our final decision. There was absolutely no pressure to buy. In fact they understood that we wanted to look at other places before making that final commitment. After looking at a few more places and not getting as good a service as we did at Burland we decided to go with the first one that we had picked out. They made the experience of looking for the prefect ring so pleasant. We were so impressed by them, that we will probably be getting our wedding bands here as well.
5	So I am such a procrastinator! Went in on Thursday 10/13 4pm to find a wedding band to match my Tiffany's princess cut with bezel setting. Trish was awesome I showed her kind of what I wanted and she had a band and had it altered and it was ready that Saturday 10/15! amazing people! I will so be back to have any jewelry made or sized. Or anything for that matter.
5	Great prices for what they have. I love this store. Got my engagement ring and wedding rings here. They have less-pricey stuff too! Employees are super nice.
5	I was so happy that I found this place.  I was looking for the perfect ring for that perfect question.  Helen and Jan were so wonderful they worked for 2 hours to find the right one and even though they didn't have it in the store they offered to order it so I could see it with no pressure to buy.  The ring was even more perfect.  Let's just say someone is going to be happy at Christmas!
5	I saw reviews for this place and realized that it was where I got my wife's wedding ring.  Wow, what a great little family owned business that has a great selection of jewelry at a great value.  This place doesn't do well because it is at a great location it does well by its customers and has been in the area for year.  I discovered it going to Nicoli's Italian grocery next door when I lived in the area.  Check it out and you will see the great people that work here.
5	This place is great! The people are very nice and helpful. I got a sterling silver ring for Christmas and it needed to be sized up... not even a full size. I was so distraught when I couldn't find a single jeweler who would re-size it. Then I found Burlands. Not only did they re-size it for me, but they had it done in 2 days! I am very pleased with their service and friendliness. Definitely recommend! :)
5	Quite simply the best family run jewelry store in Phoenix. Why shop at a chain jewelry store when you can find highest quality, unique items here? All that and a family friendly atmosphere.
5	When you can deal with honest, informed, fun folks, what is better than that?  Larry, Helen, Mark and all their staff treat you nto as customers but as friends they want to keep.  They exemplify the kind of business I want to do business with!
5	I have not written a review lately for Burland, as I have returned on many occasion since 2007.  Burland continues to offer the personal service you deserve.  The selection is different, not the run of the mill jewelry, they have choices that are so spectacular that you had no idea THAT is exactly what you want and you won't expect to see it on others the next day.  And you can expect to pay a fair price. If you like the no pressure, relaxed shopping experience, then I recommend you stop by Burland.  You will be glad you did.  You can even make a wish list!  So should your better half stop by, there is some reference if needed :) I can't say enough good things about Burland.
5	What a great bunch of people! Very nice to work with and very reasonably priced. I needed some work done on my wedding set & had taken my rings to a "big name" chain at the mall for an appraisal. They quoted me 4x's more than what Burland's charged me. Definitely will recommend this shop to all my friends and will use them again.
5	I was very fortunate to inherit my grandmothers platinum engagement ring. When the time came to propose to my sweet woman, I had the ring but it was the wrong size and was in rough shape. The second I walked into Burland, I knew I was in the right place. They listened to our concerns, sized up her finger, and when we picked up the ring, it has been polished, sized perfectly, and looked like a new ring. Great service, trustworthy, and great quality work.
5	I found Burland here on Yelp (thanks, guys!) when searching for a jewelry appraiser. While a generally responsible person, I recently dropped my rings in a pool and realized (after my sister found them) that I really needed an updated appraisal to ensure that if I actually had lost the rings, my insurance would pay out the full value. Why does it always take a scare to get me to do the responsible thing? Sigh. I called earlier on a weekday to get more information and the woman who answered was incredibly helpful. I said I was interested in an appraisal and she promptly let me know the hours the appraiser was available and how much it would cost. Given that you often have to fish for information, I highly appreciated how upfront she was. I ended up going into the store on a Saturday around noon and was immediately greeted by a very friendly couple, who owned the store. The woman immediately noticed how dirty my rings were and asked if she could clean them - I loved how willing she was to help before even knowing if I was going to buy something. The owner got me started right away by making copies of my existing diamond certificate and previous appraisal (helpful hint: make sure to bring any similar paperwork you have). Then, the appraiser came out and let me know that he could take care of the appraisal in 45 minutes. I decided to go shopping at Old Navy and come back. When I got back, the appraiser was done, as promised. (Score another one for honesty!). He walked me through all of his paperwork in detail and then sent me on my way with a smile. What a great local shop run by genuine and skilled people! I would definitely not hesitate to come back for my future jewelry needs and I highly recommend Burland to others looking to get an appraisal.
2	I found my uncle's Fossil watch in a box of old pictures on Christmas Eve. He died 9 years ago so it was a very sentimental find.  I wanted to get it resized, shined, and it needed a new battery as well.  I called ahead and asked if they did watched repair which they said they did. While they did replace the battery they maladjusted the watchband and as a result the watch would not latch.  This was very disappointing since it now fit worse than before. The young man who had been helping me admitted to not knowing what he was doing and that they did not have a watchmaker on staff and was kind enough not to charge me for the battery.  He meant well so the experience wasn't a total bust. However, better to say you don't know how to fix something than try and fail at the expense of the customer's time.
5	Went to Burland searching for an engagement ring after reading reviewsand searching the internet.  I was looking for a family run place and thisdefinitely fit that description.  Nothing fancy, but good people and goodselection.  Mark did an excellent job helping me and went to the extraeffort of ordering some diamonds in that they didn't have in stock that fitmy criteria.  I ultimately ended up buying from another jeweler based on abetter diamond fit and their customization, but I would certainly go backto Burland in the future and highly recommend you at least check them outif you are looking for a ring or other jewelry.
5	We just went in to see if they would resize a cheaper watch and the gentleman there offered to do it for free! What a great group of people working there.
4	I received a necklace a few years ago as a gift and it's absolutely beautiful but I knew it would see the sunshine more often if it was a ring.  I took my beloved necklace to these folks to create a sparkly new ring.  It took about two weeks and it was reasonably priced (I think?  This is honestly the first time I've ever had a custom piece made).  They were very friendly and accommodating.  Location-wise, it's not terribly convenient for me but I would probably make the trek again.
5	Great service.  No pressure. Honest and reasonable pricing. Why would anyone ever go to a chain location?  This place is great,
5	This is the only jewelry store that I will ever go to. I love this family owned business. They are very friendly, honest, understanding and helpful. They always try to meet our needs and doesn't pressure us to buy anything. I have bought my wife Christmas and Valentines Day gifts, watches, and had many repairs and I have no complaints. I brought my daughters necklace for a simple repair and they did it for free cause they didn't have to use any new materials. My son wanted to change something on his class ring and they were very honest and told us how to get the changes done for a cheaper cost. I love their honesty. They always remember our names when we come in. We are life long customer.
5	We got engaged and needed rings. Off we set on the ring-buying adventure and while it was entertaining and slightly horrifying to hit the mall and other chain retailers- think new car-buying at it's worst- eventually we needed to get down to brass tacks. I yelped jewelry stores in the area and up came Burland. Intrigued by the reviews, we stopped by, and the rest was history. We asked them to order in loose stones- not a problem; they had excellent inventory and competitive prices. I have since had rings sized, pendants repaired and bought necklace chains here. It is a family-owned business and they are always pleasant, informative and efficient.  Some retailers are intimidating or utilize pressure tactics- you will find none of that here. You can't go wrong with Burland.
5	about six months ago, my grandmother gave me a ring that had belonged to my late grandfather in the hopes that i could have it made into something for my upcoming wedding (as my "something old").  i had no idea where to go, or which jewelers did custom work, so i turned to yelp.  after reading all the glowing reviews on burland, i decided to take it to them and see what they could do. i wanted to maintain the design of the diamonds on my grandfather's ring but have it placed in a more delicate and feminine setting.  they found the perfect white gold band that kept the original look while updating the overall design.  while i was at the store, they even cleaned my engagement ring for free! it took about two weeks to put together, and i was shocked at how beautiful it turned out! they were even able to use the scrap gold from the band of my grandfather's ring to put towards the payment of the new one.  and they cleaned my engagement ring again for free! if you need custom work done or want to buy some new jewelry, this is a great shop to go to.  the two women i worked with were extremely friendly and professional and i never felt like they were trying to overcharge me or pressure me into higher priced bands.
2	Didn't seem to want to help me.. Pretty nice selection though, maybe they had something that would have worked. Oh well... there are other jewelers in town.
5	Words cannot express how beyond unbelievable my experience was at Burland. I ordered my bridal necklace online and fell in love with it, however the necklace came damaged and there was not another one in stock to exchange it for. I was completely devastated.  I was bound and determined to do anything to wear this necklace when I walked down the aisle. I started researching companies (as I feared giving it to just anyone) and I saw all the amazing reviews prior customers have written about Burland. I decided I would at least check it out. I took my necklace to the store and was immediately warming greeted by the entire staff. I explained what I needed done and they were so unbelievably caring and confident I knew I was in good hands. I was in and out within 30 mins with my PERFECT necklace. Thru out my entire wedding planning this was the most seamless and satisfying thing I have had to do! Hands down, this jeweler genuinely cares about their customers. The exceeded any expectations I could have ever had! I recommend them 110% whole heartily! Thank you for putting a HUGE smile on this brides face!!!!
5	Love the family atmosphere, very welcoming & friendly, excellent service & beautiful quality jewelry!
5	When my grandmother passed away, I inherited a lot of her old jewelry.  I kept the pieces I wanted and wondered if I could sell the rest.  Burland did a great job on my custom ring so I came back.  The appraiser, Mark, sat with me for a good long time going through each piece.  He helped me determine which pieces were worth getting officially appraised and which were not.  I settled on getting appraisals for 4 specific rings.  Another employee kindly sized the remainder of the rings which will help with resale.  They were extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  The appraisals were done in about a week - great description and photos.  I know very little about jewelry so I always worry that I'm going to get fleeced.  This family-owned business appreciates each and every customer.  I will definitely return.
5	These guys did an amazing job restyling my grandmothers antique wedding ring into my wedding ring. They were able to tell me some really interesting info about the cut of the antique diamonds, and were able to put into action the additions that I requested. We also purchased my husbands wedding ring through Burland. It was so unique and not like anything found in those big box jewelry stores. Even though there was a delay in some bands ordered for my ring, they were still adamant that they would have it ready in time, and I was so happy they did! All in all it was a great experience and I would definitely use them again if I was in the area!
5	Wow! I just got back from Burland, where I took my watch (a cheap one, not purchased from them) to have a couple links removed. A gentleman did so, plus set the time as it was incorrect, and then didn't charge me. I chatted with another gentleman who worked there while I waited (for 10 minutes, MAYBE) who was friendly and told me about the store without any sales pitches. Upon learning that I like to golf, he said "Hang on!", went in the back and emerged with a box of golf balls, which he gave to me for free, even though I was already receiving a free service. Not to mention, their incredible customer service is not to make up for a lack of quality products. They have a beautiful selection, and they also design unique jewelry in-store. I will certainly be back.
5	Wow! Never thought it would be so easy to purchase wedding bands. Very impressive service and prices. Went to Tiffany and other jewelers and found it astonishing how much they overprice their jewelry. I worked with the dad and one of his sons and granddaughter. All so intelligent, pleasant and honest.
5	I recently purchased a engagement ring & weddings bands from Trish @ Burland, and I cannot begin to describe how amazing my experience has been. The ring & bands were custom made, and Trish was always extremely helpful & bent backwards to make sure everything was perfect. I will never go anywhere else... We love Burland!
5	If I could give them more stars I would! They went over and beyond to get my rings finished!! It's hard to find great customer service and great prices! They definitely have the whole package! I Love them! Excellent team! I cannot thank you enough Larry, Amanda, & Team!
5	I was a bit uncomfortable placing an order for such a big sum over theinternet without seeing the actual ring at first. However, I am verypleased and relieved to see that I got exactly what I ordered. I calledin yesterday to let your staff know how satisfied I was with theservice, and during the call they were very professional andappreciative. It has truly been a pleasure.
5	I purchased an engagement ring from Burland a few weeks back and could not be happier.  I worked with Helen and Mark and he was very patient in explaining the subtle differences between a number of diamonds in my price range, instead of just throwing a bunch of grades and numbers at you.  They had a nice selection of settings without being overwhelming and I was able to find the perfect ring for my fiancee.  As a diamond novice, I found it difficult to compare apples to apples when looking at different jewelers, it came to down to knowing that Burland is a local, family run business that has been in the community a long time.  The three times I was there they seemed to have a steady stream of "regulars" coming in to shop or just to get their jewelry cleaned, which seemed reassuring as to my decision.Most importantly, the ring could not have been more perfect and my fiancee absolutely loves it.  We'll be back.
5	This place was amazing they seem to have a huge selection all I was doing was getting a ring resized there price was awesome and they are externally helpful and professional can't wait to get the ring back
5	Hidden gem! I found an awesome family owned and operated spot! Great staff on top of  the Awesome service! Great prices! I'll be back!
5	Awesome customer service! I had my wife's grandfathers ring repaired here and it was a job well done.  The ladies who helped me were over-the-top nice and even offered me a COLD bottled water as I waited for another quick fix.  I would reccomend this place for all jewelery repairs.  Great service and very fair pricing.
5	Fantastic customer service.  First of all, the place is kid- and dog-friendly....a huge bonus. When I came in, they cleaned and adjusted the prongs on an antique ring for free, sent me home with cleaners and polishing clothes (also free), gave my kids ring pops and helped my mom and I figure out what to do with an heirloom ring someday down the road when we decide to split up the stones.  All told, my mom bought a $10 cleaner - that's it - and we got treated like old friends.  No sales pitches, no pressure, nothing but genuine friendliness.  I will definitely go back here for all my jewelry needs.
5	My husband chose Burland to get my engagement ring and he was so happy we we back to get his wedding ring as well. I would have so wanted to get my wedding band there as well, but I was on an unreasonably tight deadline and ended up finding one somewhere else. But Burland were the most friendly and generous and personalized service and this is where we will take all our repeat business. They are so kind and we feel like special customers. We even sent a wedding photo to them with our thank you! Thank you so much and I would advise anyone to go here - they will certainly help order in if they don't have something and their service is beyond anywhere else.
5	I first visited this place while searching online for a great local jeweler and coming across other Yelp reviews. They helped me get my wife's ring re-sized last year and also appraised it for insurance purposes...both were very affordable. Today I came back to search for a pair of pearl earrings and received great service and support and what I believe to be a great price. Being in a jewelry store is not secondhand to me but I feel well supported here!
4	Getting an engagement ring was definitely a challenging task what with the limited budget that I had. Fortunately, just when I was about to give up, I passed by the Bert Levi Family Jewelers store while attending one of the seminars I had in Burland Jewelry Center. I was amazed at how much varied their selection was and how affordable some of the pieces were! And if you think that's the end of it, it get's even better! Bert, the owner, sat down with me and talked to me about which pieces I should look into. Everyone was so cordial that I really thought to myself, I would not leave this store without buying anything.
5	My wife and I had a great experience at Burland. Trish helped us and made it a great experience.
5	What a great experience we had.The staff is incredible, my hats off to Larry.We came in at closing time on a saturday and He was so patient and helpful.on a limited budget we bought a beautiful ring. This experience changed my opinion of jewelry stores all together.No more mall stores for me-truly a blessing to find this store.
4	I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place. After having the pearl fall out of a very important ring, I came to Burland to have the ring fixed. They did a fairly good job - the pearl is still in place, but there was some excess glue type stuff on the ring and the pearl and the pearl was placed in the ring slightly off center. I am grateful that they fixed my ring, but it wasn't the best job ever. They did do the work for a fair price.
5	I went in to get my rings sized today. After some hemming and hawing, I decided to just wear them on different fingers. But the nice woman and gentleman gave me a ring guard and spray (to clean my rings) for free! Great customer service. I'll definitely be coming back for future needs.
