5	I actually ate at the one that is located in Chandler Fashion Square. It's a bright, friendly atmosphere. The prices are reasonable, and the food is delicious! You can get the full dinners if you are hungry enough, but they even have pita sandwiches alone for reasonable prices. The Gyro meat is excellent. Be sure to also have the flaming saganaki for an appetizer!  OPA!!!!
4	This is a fun Greek place. The appetizer sampler is huge but tasty. I usually order the chicken and beef kabobs, and of course the spanakopita (spinach/cheese pies). This isn't your five star Greek place, but it's fun and still pretty good for the price. Be warned, bring your appetites! The portions are HUGE!
4	Very good food. Great variety of Greek and Meditteranean dishes to choose from. The Gyros are amazing and I LOVE the meat lovers platter. I highly recommend this place . You won't regret it.
4	Top of my list when looking for Mediterranean food. The prices are right, the servings plentiful and the food is always top quality.
4	A very pleasant surprise from a not-so-tried and true formula. I mean, naming a restaurant chain after a movie is not typically a path to success (was there a book or something else I don't know about?), but, in this case, it managed to work. The food is very good, the ambiance is great, and the service is fantastic. I am not a true connoseuir of Greek food like I claim to be with Mexican food, but from what I can tell, the food here measures up nicely. Big portions help make this a nice affordable lunch or dinner option around Old Town.
3	i have to admit that i was surprised that the food wasn't as bad as the movie. generally, it goes it against my principles to eat a chain restaurant named after a movie, but when i'm forced to go with friends, its not so bad.
3	The meat lovers platter was awesome and HUGE. I had the Mousaka which was alright nothing special. The service was great though you may have to wait a little if you have a large party in which I did.Be aware of the cheese aroma here. I crave for fresh air or better ventilation.
4	Always drop by this place when i'm in tempe.  Usually i do not like greek/mediterranean food, but this place is the exception.  They give you pretty large servings of food when you order the dinners.  I always get the lamb and beef plate.  Comes with bread, meat, vegetables and some white cream sauce.  All in all an excellent combination.  Throw in the low prices and you got yourself a winner.
4	The name of this Greek restaurant is so bad it gives me shivers. When I first moved to Tempe, I resolved never to go here because the name seemed in such cheesy taste. Then came the night when I was hungry for a real meal and everything else was closed. These guys stay open till 11 pm for dinner most nights, and I found myself breaking my pact. I was quite surprised to find a really nice, extensive menu with very tasty dishes. I do love my spanikopita, ovgelamano soup, and Greek salad, and I was pleased by their preparation and large portions. I also must say their lemon potatoes are superb. Kind words must also be said for their appetizers, particularly their bowl of pickled veggies and excellent hummus. I'm sure there are people out there who just love the name, and maybe wouldn't even try Greek food unless there was some movie tie-in. But, guys, change your name to make it as good as your food! I'll even take "Zorba the Greek's!"
4	Good atmosphere and good food.  The garlic fries are very good and the falafel is solid.  The Mill location is fun as is the location in Chandler.
4	This restaurant is great!!!  They have the best hummus and pita bread.  If you are short on a money I would recommend going at lunch and getting one of the lunch specials because they are still big portions, delicious and less hurt on the wallet.
3	My Big Fat Cell Phone...You're probably asking me what does this mean? Well I went to this place and forgot my big fat Nextel Cell phone on the table, as soon as I realize it, I rush back (10 minutes later max) and the cell phone is no where to be found. I asked the waitress, the hostess, but no one had turned it in. I tried to call it, and it was shut off. What happened you say! The Bus Boy took it! Yes, the damn busboy, stole my big fat cell phone. Ironically I'm glad he did, because I hated that phone and wanted to get a new one, but had no good excuse to buy a phone at that time. Food wise, this place is pretty good, and inexpensive. If you like Greek food of course. I consider this the Applebee's of Mediterranean food,  so don't expect to be wow'd with uniqueness, expect consistency and a decent experience. It is grab a  quick lunch here and just relax kind of place. This place deserves a 2, but since it was a catalyst to me getting a new cell phone I bumped it up a notch. So all of you people looking to get rid of old technology, bring it t MBFGR, and leave it on your table, the bus boy, just may take it!(evil laugh)
4	Very tasty village salad (cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, red onion, feta, olive oil and wine vinegar) with gyro meat.  Ample portions and good prices.  It was nice to sit outside on a lovely afternoon and not feel rushed.  Waitress was sweet and funny. High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.  Can't speak about the rest of the menu, since we were just there for salads at lunchtime.  I'd like to try some of the Greek wines they were advertising sometime.  The descriptions make them sound delicious.
3	Consistently good Greek food, fairly inexpensive if you go at lunchtime. The gyro is really good, the souvlakis decent. The falafel used to be AMAZING but they changed it and now it's only so-so. Would have gone to four stars if they still had that falafel, that brought me in twice a month, now my patronage is much more spotty.
3	My husband and I decided to try My Big Fat Greek Restaurant last night...everything we had was good and our experience was fine, but nothing about it (the food, atmosphere, decor, menu) was spectacular. Even if you don't like Greek food, the menu is large enough where everybody can find something they like.We started with the flaming saganaki, which was delicious, but can you really mess up flaming cheese?  We also had the tyropita...it was just OK. We've had better at a dive Greek bakery just across from the Ohio State campus.  I tried the Athenian spaghetti for my entree...it was good, came with garlic bread (not that spectacular), and the portion size was just right.  Again, it was good, but not amazing. My husband had the "El Greco" calzone, which he said was OK.  It wasn't very crowded when we went in (about 8 pm on a Saturday night) and our waitress was nice and attentive without being annoying.It's not a bad option if you are on Mill, but not sure I would make a special trip just to eat there.
3	Nice menu selection; food was tasty.  Good atmosphere.  Wished they had a restaurant in the LA area.
4	Everything is HUGE there... The drinks, the food, the people!  I love the place and food is good.  The reason for only 4 stars is because it just gets old to go there after a while, there isn't anything special about the place that would want you to keep coming back!  The service is good but nothing over the top... Good place but nothing spectacular
2	As a huge fan of Greek food, I am always looking for something authentic, something skin to the Mediterranean Snack Bar where I grew up, burning my little fingers on the hot dish which held my often craved spinach casserole. I sat on tall chairs with my mother, my legs dangling as I looked around at the small restaurant. The meat on a spit, the bright blues and whites of the decor.The Tempe location of MBFGR gets one more star than the Chandler location, but then my review of the Chandler location was damn near scathing, so that's not saying much.To make an honest comparison, I ordered the same thing: the chicken souvlaki pita. This time I went with the side salad, which was full of bright colors and fresh looking. The food arrived in good time and the chicken was tasty, if lukewarm. The service was friendly, even if our waitress forgot to bring pitas.MBFGR just does not come close to my childhood memories, but then that was New York.I agree with Melissa H. that everyone can find something that they like. The food is so Americanized. At least they could serve it hot.If anyone has any authentic Greek suggestions...?
2	Crappy chain resturaunt.. Crappy and annoying. Crappy souvlaki, crappy falafel that always hurts my tummy afterwards. Crappy music they torture me with. I'm amazed this place gets so many positive reviews. It must be from the same people that rate Olive Garden as authentic delicious Italian. Go opa yourself.
3	I try to patronize local chains as much as possible, but Mom and I wanted to have lunch before our Mood Swings salon appointments (great salon spot!) and we came upon MBFGR.  We shared the excellent chicken souvlaki pita, which came with a sublime side of salad!!  It was so good, I'm definitely going to check out a salad entree should I find myself hungry before/after a salon appointment in the future.  I imagine that the entree also came with hummus, since I cannot have hummus anymore (sob!), but I have a nagging feeling that it did, and that Mom didn't particularly like it.  I say the best hummus are to be found in Sabuddy's (ate there once when it was still in Tempe) and Pita Jungle!!  Oh, and the chicken was TASTY!  So tender and moist, and so flavorful!  Mmm...  I also liked the outdoor area- with the canopy, but I disdain the smoking... which can be unfortunate, at times, when the weather is so beautiful...  At least I don't have to worry about birds and other visitors adding to the flavors of my meals...
1	We were here for 3 hours: not by choice, but because it took our server that long to take our orders, deliver our drinks, bring our food, hand us our check, and take our money. In that time, I got to eat dried out chicken and luke warm french fries and drink a flat soda. Not only that, but we had no silverware, so I had to personally get up and retrieve forks, straws, and napkins for us to all use. I didn't know I had a second career in waitressing. It sucks.
3	For being a Big Fat Chain Restaurant, it's not too bad. They always have really good iced tea, the lemon/chicken/rice soup is good. Gyros, good.I do want to try there happy hour sometime, I'll report back again after a big fat greek happy hour!
4	I usually get the gyro here, but it was happy hour so we went with the $5 appetizers. The calamari was good as always, the flaming cheese was decent, and the hummus  was pretty good. Lots of pitas too, most places don't give you enough. The drinks were cheap and tasty, and even though it was right before an ASU football game and was packed, the service was still good. I was upset that my beers were in a plastic cup, but once the crowds cleared out that changed.  Try the Athena draft beer, its great.
4	Came here a couple times during the AZ tenure.  Always came in a group, which is the way to go for greek dining.  I suggest the flaming saganaki, or the dipping combo for starters.  The Gyro platter for an entree never disappoints!  I hope to come back sometime.
2	went there tonight. Busy place but not full.Went with some friends and ordered our mains - took 50+mins to get. They got my order wrong and said that they would try to get it out to me as quickly as possible but waiting another hour wasn't a good option.The meals looked pretty good, though were reported to be dry and a little tasteless.The poor service has definitely left a bad taste ( since I didn't get to eat anything except to drink a plastic glass of water). I would offer that they could have offered a faster meal, gratis, rather than offering the same meal which would have taken upwards of 30 mins to assemble. But that didn't happen.Would not suggest it for kids only due to the long wait for service and the meals
3	I've had much better Greek food in Chicago, but Tempe is not Chicago! The flaming saganaki is always fun for Greek food newbies, and the $6-7 lunch specials are tasty with both the gyros and chicken souvlaki. The Greek salad comes with a nice amount of feta on it, although they're a little skimpy with the olives. I don't go very often, but service at lunch has always been just fine.
2	My Big Fat Greek Lemon WedgeStopped in a few nights ago on a whim, remembering flaming cheese and a great time I'd had at another location 2 years ago. Unfortunately this last time has relegated MBFGR to an appetizer and desert place, which means we probably wont be back. By the end of the evening, I felt like I'd spent the entire time sucking on a lemon wedge, both in the figurative and literal sense.The evening started out slow. We sat there for a good 7 minutes before our waitress came over for drink orders, and it seemed to set the pace for the evening. Every time she came back the first thing out of her mouth was, I'm sorry I forgot about you. Yeah, thanks. Starters were Saganaki and Dolmades, with a pre-order of spaghetti and meatballs for the little one. The cheese was as good as I remember, and hubby said the dolmades were the best he's ever had. Main course for me was the Chicken Souvlaki. I was asked if I wanted to get two different skewers, so I ordered one beef, one chicken. The menu does state that if you split the skewer order that you might be charged a little bit more. I figured an extra buck or two for the beef. However they charged the full price of the Beef Souvlaki which is a FULL $5 MORE THAN THE CHICKEN, and was completely not worth it. The Chicken was so dry, I sucked down half of one of their giant glasses of ice tea trying to eat it and gave up on the last piece. The beef was properly medium and even nicely charred on one side. Unfortunately that was the highlight of the plate. The sauce on the meat was too heavy with lemon. The dry potaoes, which are supposed to be garlic and lemon, were missing the garlic. The dry rice was under done and again had the overpowering lemon. The same thing with the veggies. It was like the kitchen had forgone the standard seasonings of salt and pepper, and dunked the enitre dish in a vat of lemon juice, to the point that not a single thing on the plate other than the beef (and it had to fight for it's life) had any other flavor than lemon.Hubby orderd the Gyro Platter. The meat was extensively dry, like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile. His meal came with the same sides as mine, and he experienced the same lemon issue. Sadly, the only decent main dish was my son's spaghetti and meatballs. The meat again seemed to miss any form of seasoning, but the sauce did make up for it, along with the tiny garlic breads that came with it. Despite the horrible main course, we opted for desert after seeing something flaming that was put out with caramel? Really the only reason I went for it was to lose the taste of the lemon wedge smile. We ordered the Galaktobouriko, and it was out standing. The bad news? They added lemon to the custard. Yeah. I left feeling like I'd experienced a lemon Sunkist commercial where you have a fire hydrant explode in your face to demonstrate how intense the (insert random fruit name here and add a y at the end) flavor is.It's a great place to hang out and maybe meet for appetizers and drink, but hey, it's Mill Ave and there are better restaurants within walking distance. I wish I could give a more favorable review. Truly, if it wasn't for the Saganaki, Dolmades and the Galaktobouriko(barely), I'd be giving it a 1.
4	$4 appetizers, 1/2 off drinks during happy hour. We tried the hummus trio, Mediterranean crisp, shrimp & salmon. All delish and cheap!
4	I've been to a couple other Big Fat's around. They are pretty much all the same. Which is good, when you are a chain restaurant. I came in for lunch. Was seated promptly, and approached my a server promptly. The food was even delivered promptly, which are the 3 most important things to have during lunch service. They have a $5 lunch special for any of their pitas, add $1 for a salad or fries. It's a fair deal. As for as lunch goes, the Tempe Big Fat did it right.
3	Meh, I tried both flaming cheese appetizers, my dish (some chicken) and the moose caca (I'm going to be hug alive for that one).This was one of those dates you go on and its supposed to be the perfect match for you....you smile and laugh at all the strategic times, say your gonna call...and well then do the respectable thing and don't...ever...Its kinda like that here for me.  It just didn't do it for me, I tried I really did, but I lost the number (or something)...
1	You people are f-ing nuts.  This place could not be more Americanized and could not taste more like cafeteria food.  It looks like most reviewers gave stars for how cheap the food is.  "half off drinks!" wow, that helps me figure out if this place serves good food or not.  Is Greek beer supposed to be warm and flat as well?  Service was terrible.  Food came out very fast, but it was cold which led me to believe it was sitting there, prepared ahead of time.  Ugh.
2	Close but no cigar....On the plus side...good portions, food is decent, not great Greek food.  I thought the appetizers were the best - try the Keftedes.  Hummus was pretty good, but it's hummus.  Cheese and olives was more cheese than olives - they should cut back on the cheese a bit and toss in a few more olives.  Saganaki was good.Who ever heard of a creamy Greek salad dressing?  Very disappointing Greek salad.  Gyro platter was ok - too much rice and potatoes and give me a whole pita please not triangles!  Tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it.Patio chairs are very uncomfortable and turn the damn TV's off - how about some nice Greek music in the background instead.Service was ok, friendly but nothing special.Been there for lunch - a better deal than dinner for sure.
4	Good portions at a reasonable price. I honestly think you can buy one entree and split with a friend/spouse and have enough food for the both of you. I can eat quite a bit and still have enough food for lunch the following day.The gyro platter was very good. The meat was well cooked and seasoned. The platter also consists of a nice portion of vegtables (carrots, squash, carrots), potatos and rice. You also get a few pieces of pita.The hummus platter as an appetizer is excellent. There are 3 different types of hummus (regular, sun dried tomato and another kind that I can't recall). I wish they would provide more pita bread with the appetizer though.You can choose to sit inside or choose covered outside seatiing. There is also a full bar for drinks.Service was pretty good.
3	I tried this restaurant the last time I was in Tempe, and liked it enough to go back a second time. Be sure to try the tyrokafteri appetizer -- it's like pimiento cheese with a kick! The food is decent, and they serve large portions; you'll have leftovers to take home. I see some complaints about slow service in the reviews, but both of the times I've been there it was perfectly acceptable. This place is definitely on my go-back list.
4	We had a great meal at this lovely spot on Mill Avenue Thursday night. Hubby and I took his sister and mom to eat Greek as they were always wanting to try it. We went for HH and were greeted nicely and seated outside. Usually that would not be fun but we felt a cool breeze coming on and it turned out awesome. Kristina was our server and she was wonderful. We had the Mediterranian Crisp and Hummus Trio, both $4 and both delicious. The pita chips that were served with the hummus were hot and fresh. The crisp was tasty, we had ordered chicken to it for some protein and loved it. We all had beers and drinks and with the appetizers we were stuffed. All for less than $45 dollars! We'll definitely be back and you made Greek food lovers out of our family!
5	Almost every single time we go, we have a great experience at My Big Fat Greek restaurant. Our latest trip (this past Saturday), was no exception.Food was awesome, service was good and the overall experience was great.Vegetarian recommendations: Greek Fries, Pizza Salad (so damn good), Vegetarian Moussaka, lemon potatoes & lemon rice.
3	Meh, this place is just, alright. I came here with a bunch of co-workers for lunch last week, and wasn't very impressed. I got the hummus which was pretty good and the lunch special which consisted of a beef gyro and Greek salad.. it was decent, but I wasn't floored with the quality of food. The price was perfect though, a good deal for the amount of food they pile on the plate. I will give them a star for the sheer fact that the cups they serve their drinks in are enormous. I dont think anyone needed a refill. The passion fruit tea is tasty, the waitresses are really friendly and the atmosphere isn't completely terrible, its just the food that was the Debby downer, kind of like this snore-fest of a review.
3	My review of My Big Fat Greek Restaurant may be somewhat skewed because I didn't order the Greek items on the menu that others have reviewed. I went with a friend from work and we each ordered a calzone. Really it isn't that difficult to make a good calzone. I ordered the white pizza calzone and while it was descent, there wasn't anything spectacular that stood out. The outer edges were a bit dry, but it improved once I really got into the pie. My friend ordered the Mediterranian calzone and topped it with a side of marinara (to avoid  the dryness). I had a bite and it was good. We ordered a slice of baklava cheesecake for the road. I think the mistake was not eating it there. By the time we made it back to the office and actually ate it later in the afternoon, it wasn't as good as it would have been upon first presentation. Added to that, my friend tried to split it in half and ended up mangling the portion, so the visual appeal was not there.The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice and the server was very prompt and courteous. I did think that for lunch it was perhaps a little more than a lunch should be. The cheese cake was $5.95 for the slice. The cheesecake, the white pizza calzone and water with lemon was just over $17. With tip I shot my whole $20 on lunch. I wouldn't mind going back and maybe trying something a little more Greek related. But for a calzone, I would find other alternatives.
3	Being so close to the hotel we were staying at, we figured we'd try it out.In a place where everything on the menu seems so big, (the calzone was almost the size of my friend's face) the waitress was nice enough to offer a side Greek salad; which was the perfect size. The Greek Fries were really flavorful. Maybe that's just my way of saying salty...Other then that, everything was good.
4	Walking down Mill Ave one can see many signs and lunch specials calling your name. A friend and I wanting lunch between classes, we hopped off the orbit and came upon MBFGR and its awsome $5 pita lunch special and chose to give it a try.I had the Gyro pita lunch that came with a salad or fries. My friend had the Grilled Chicken Pita, we both loved our lunches. the servers didn't mind us sitting around for over an hour gossiping and laughing around about God knows what. They kept our sodas topped off and our food was great! The salad could use another kalamata olive and my gyro was so stuffed I wished I had a second pita! It was so yummy, we were in love and I will TOTALLY be back soon!!!
3	Stopped for dinner the other night for something different.... Got promptly seated inside and felt like the a/c was on. took almost 10 minutes to be greeted by a server, we asked to be moved to a different section, alittle warmer spot. Boarder-line ignorant response as we chose another table. I guess he was pissed because we were now out of his section because it seemed like everyone was asking out of that section... after another 10 minutes our server took drink orders quickly and disappeared! At this point all I wanted to do was order some food! Finally, we order. The food is plentiful and our server Chris turned out to be a very knowledgable individual with good reccomendations AND alot of tables.... Once the order was in the food started coming out at a nice pace. I will say everything should have been hotter. The kitchen is by the door and it was probably 50 last night. They is a constant slight breeze because of the outside seating and the doorway is open from the outside to the dining room. Lot of food on your plate, you wont be hungry when you leave but like I said, needs to be hotter..
3	We just popped in here for some lunch.  It wasn't great.  We ordered hummus to start with.  The hummus was okay, but I didn't love the pita.  I prefer the pitas that are used at Pita JungleFor lunch I ordered a small caesar salad.   First, they brought out a large.  Second, it was AWFUL!  I couldn't even eat a few bites, it was that bad.  I pushed it to the side of the table.  It was really salty and it tasted of anchovies.  I know they are used in the dressing, but you never taste them really.  You could actually taste it.  It was really weird.The waiter came over and asked if I wanted the food taken away and if I didn't like it.  I thought that was nice because oftentimes waitstaff just ignore it and then clean your plate without mentioning the fact that you barely touched it.  So I liked that he actually asked if I had a problem with it.The manager came over and asked what was wrong with it.  He was really nice about it and asked if he could bring me something else to eat.  I told him I was okay since I ate the appetizer and shared some of my boyfriend's gyro (which was good!)  He then told me he would comp the salad.  I thought that was really nice of him.
4	The patsitsio was amazing!Roasted red potatoes and rice pilaf with a pasta dish may be starch overkill, but to it's all good!The hummus was delicious, with a nice bite to it.I love sitting on the patio and people-watching the folks on Mill Ave. stroll by.Don't get down to Mill a lot, but when I do, I try to get some Opa!
3	With all that hype about this restaurant, I was excited about going there. But hmm it was just... how can I put it? Meh! Didn't do it for me. I would rather go to Daphne's.
4	Love this place. Yes, the name is quite cheesy, but if you can get past that, you'll find some seriously good Greek food. I always order the Famous Gyro Dinner. It comes with rice, potato's, and the gyro meat with pita bread. The potato's are to die for. They are roasted with some type of lemon herb mixture, and the rice is as well. The pita bread is sooo tasty and fluffy and just amazing, and the gyro meat is fantastic...not too salty or dry. The spanikopita appetizer is delicious as well.The service is great too. Our waiter remembered us from our previous visit and joked around with us which is always nice. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	My traveling companion had me psyched for some steak the moment we landed in Phoenix... I was super set to chow down and then he remembers some greek restaurant that he once went to here that blew him away.... and this is how I ended up here one Thursday evening.I checked the Yelp app and after sharing that it was a solid three stars I was told "those Yelpers don't know greek food..." Ah, ok, let's see.Well, Phoenix Yelpers you did not let me down. M.B.F.G.R. is a solid three stars. The hummus was ok (I've had better home made over the last few years), the chicken and beef skewers were tasty but there wasn't a secret sauce that blew me away and the veggies they serve with them were standard - cut carrots, broccoli and zucchini. Or maybe I don't know greek food.
3	Do not go here if you are already drunk! They will take advantage of you!A couple weeks ago, my husband and I did a Mill Ave pub crawl. This was stop #3 (I know - it's not really a "pub"! - blah blah blah!) - we wanted a couple appetizers and a couple shots of ouzo.I should have known I was too drunk to be around big fat Greek restaurant waitresses (BFGRW) when the waitress started caressing my arm while I ordered cocktails, and I didn't pull away. That's just a bad start.We ordered feta and olives and a *small* greek salad. The Feta and olive plate should be called 'feta plate w/ olive garnish' - there were only 8 olives on the entire huge plate. When I tried to articulate this, the BFGRW wanted to sell me more olives! I was too drunk to explain that the plate didn't actually have enough to begin with, so we let it go and didn't order any more. The *small* greek salad was interpreted by the BFGRW as the "large" greek salad - she obviously realized she could have her way with us. We also ordered their flight of cocktails - I would not recommend this - it tasted like gummy bears in three flavors. Mrs Big Fat Greek Restaurant Waitress - I may have been too drunk to defend myself, but I remember everything! You will not be a stop on our next Mill Ave pub crawl!
4	Overall this place is a solid three stars; however, the patio definitely brings it up a notch.  This patio overlooks Mill ave and is a great place to get a free "show" during your meal.  While it is true in AZ that patio weather is only for a couple months out of the year, this is one of the patios during these months I will be sure to hit up.  Grab a bunch of friends, a couple of cocktails and sit back and enjoy the show.  On the day we were there we were witness to one of the most unorganized protest marches I have ever seen, and a whole variety of drunk people on random tangents. The food here is pretty decent, moderately priced as well.  Our server was a little absent, but I think he was just over-extended.  The manager was very nice, if not a little too overly flirtatious. On this visit I had some Greek beer that was fabulous (hmmm.. that reminds me, I keep forgetting to look for it at Total)  and a pomegranate mojito.. a lil pricey for the size, but tasty nonetheless. Overall, I'd recommend it.  Definitely for patio goodness, and moderately for the food.
4	Love the lunch pita! And they always take my change in sauce request, no Problem. I would say the drinking water is pretty bad so just ask for extra lemon or Just go for a greek beer.
5	great food, huge portions (though wouldn't mind some more pita!), very friendly waitstaff, and they never disappoint.the lamb souvlaki is AMAZING, the zucchini cakes, greek fries, gyros, desserts, and pastas are all good... everything we've ordered (and we've been here a lot) has been greatcan't think of anything negative really! five stars it is
4	Good, sensibly priced, and healthy lunch options.  Goodbye to the heavy Kronos branded gyros of the food court.  One and a half opa's to this place.
4	This is now my favorite restaurant on Mill. I had never been to a Greek restaurant before today and I loved it. My friend got the village hummus here which was absolutely delicious. It comes with some delicious, warm pita bread. I'm definitely going back just to order it. I ordered the mushroom burger and it was HUGE but so good and the Greek salad it came with was also super yummy. We sat up and ate at the bar and the bartender was totally adorable and a sweetheart. I'm looking forward to eating here again in the future.
1	Awful drinks. The beer was extremely watered down and the mixed drinks were horrible. Not a place for a group get togethers for lunch before a game.
3	We asked to sit inside (party of 9) but they sat us outside... no biggie.Hummus was incredible, but not enough pita.Falafel was terrible. Dry with little flavor. I heard the gyros and chicken were decent though.
2	mmhmm....strictly average. We ordered bruschettas for appetizers and they were so disappointing. The bread was soggy and the dip was inedible. The whole dish was LIBERALLY laced with some sour condiment, like tamarind juice! We were really hungry so we ate it all up. For the main course I got chicken souvlaki and my friend got the gyro dinner. My souvlaki was good (nothing outstanding). The chicken wasn't dry. It came wrapped with a decent amount of veggies in a falafel. I got a huge side of crispy fries. They were supposed to be seasoned...but I couldn't make out any seasoning. My friend's dish was huge. He got deliciously done lamb and beef strips with a side of mildly seasoned rice and steamed veggies. He also got a side of potatoes, which I thought should have been cut smaller and cooked better. My friend discarded them anyway because of the carbs!One saving grace: our server definitely had some Greek looks :) Just wish he smiled a bit more!
3	I ordered the Peach Iced-Tea, Beef and Lamb Souvlaki (skewers), Greek Salad and Baklava Cheesecake for a grand total of $28.31 (wow)!  Now, the Greek Salad was very tasty until I bit into something that didn't belong (something quite bitter, couldn't place the taste)....  Weird....  Then later that night back at the hotel, I found a piece of spinach in my Baklava Cheesecake... Ugh.... There's no way it could have came from my salad because I had the cheesecake boxed up to go from the kitchen.  The Souvlaki was awesome.  The meat seasoned well, and quite yummy.  The cheesecake was a bit too rich for me...too much cheesecake and too much baklava.  It wasn't blended together just simply baklava sitting on top of a cheesecake.  The pita bread was the best I've tasted.  Somethings were truly  hit and missed here!
4	08/11/10It's a chain, I know, but what can I say?  I've eaten here three or more times now to know that the food's consistently good!!  Mom still asks me to take her here when she's craving for a great salad :)  I think I'll take her here the next time she feels like dining out...Today I tried the falafel wrap, which also came w/ a great portion of a side salad.  Mmm... the salad dressing was fantastic!  The size of the falafel patties were grander in size than most of the others I've tried, and, more signifcantly, these weren't greasy or mushy, which could easily have been the case due to the servings' size.  The pita was slathered w/ hummus and topped w/ lettuce, onions, and the tasty falafel, and your traditional Greek salad (lettuce, olives, onion, tomato, and feta).  And all for a great price, under $8!
4	i've been to the Tempe MBFGR three times for lunch in the last two months and used to go to the Scottsdale location 3-4 times a year when my office was two blocks away.the food is always good - love the Greek fries with the lemon-oregano sauce, and the flaming Saganaki is very good too.  i always have the gyro pita, because it is just so damn good, and reminds me of every little Taverna i stumbled into in Greece and the Aegean Islands.  the tzatziki sauce varies between enough and not-enough garlic, but i always get an extra cup of the stuff,,,, nectar!  Last time we ate there, Liz had the feta burger and she raved about it for a week.the waitrons and staff are always good and always friendly - i don't know how they do that, but it's true
1	I love this franchise! I hate this location. I went a few nights ago and it was pretty busy so I excused the waitress for taking more than 20 minutes to come take our order. When our food came they brought me the wring dish. The waitress come back and said 'I'm sorry I brought you the wring dish do you still want it?" I said "I would like what I ordered" and without saying anything she walked away. She came back almost 10 minutes later with a little plate and asked me to scoot the food off of my plate on to the little one. Then I watched her take it back to the kitchen. So I sat there staring at a half empty plate that was getting cold and a bus boy or waiter (not sure) came up quickly and snatched it away thinking I was done. Me and the guy I was eating with were like "hey excuse me please bring that back!" He looked surprised and said "Oh you are not done?" I tried to flag down the waitress several times to ask if my food was coming soon. She came eventually with a small dish with my cold food on it and asked if I wanted anything else. I just asked for a doggy bag because my partner was long finished and I did not want to eat my cold food alone. We did both receive 2 ten dollar off coupons toward our next visit on our way out. I will not be going back.
5	For the longest time I did not come here because the name was a little corny and I thought it would be expensive.  The food here for lunch is really cheap, $5, and it is really great food.
4	I really enjoy all types of food...this of course includes Greek. It's hard to find really good Greek food with decent prices though...that's why I really like My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. They have a great menu with lots of choices, great portion sizes, and very decent prices as opposed to going to a fast-food feel Greek restaurant for the same price. If you don't get Greek often or are taking someone out you should get the Flaming Saganaki. It's Greek cheese flamed with ouzo at your table and everyone gets to scream Opa! So much fun! It comes with pita slices. Yummy...the flame will make you smell weird though...FYI in case you're planning on going out afterwards. I'm picky about tzatziki sauce but I love the one from here. Their Greek fries are sooooo finger-licking good...they should seriously be illegal. Haha. Yum! Fries covered in feta cheese, parmesan cheese, lemon Dijon sauce, and oregano. I know, healthy and delicious. ;-) I love the Gyro meat here too. I always used to get it. Now that I don't eat meat I get a vegetarian pita sandwich...I change it up though because they have a lunch special menu with a huge selection of pitas. I always get the Greek fries with it.
4	We tried this place a few months ago while hanging out on Mill. It was incredible! Great food and the price is right. Got an appetizer and two meals for $25 so not bad for Mill Ave. We both got gyros with Greek fries. Super rich food but worth it.
2	Unfortunately i was not cheering OPA! After my visit here. I heard great things, and i just did not experience these great things.1) I have had better hummus2) I hate when the sides that come with the entree are better than the entree itself- this happened here3) I enjoyed the wine more than the food, and when my tummy is not happy, well.. i am just not a happy girl. We are team my stomach and I and we both agreed that we have experienced better together.
4	Great lunch specials!   I always get the Chicken Caprese Pita with a side salad which is only around $6.50 including tax.  The food is consistently tasty and they have a solid menu.  They also have a full bar and a nice patio area outside. Sometimes the service is slow if you sit down at the tables so I always sit at the bar for lunch.
2	Very dissappointed.  Went there on 4/29 for lunch.  Hostess was super nice, but our server was horrible.  tall skinny blonde that never smiled.  She came to our table asking us if we were ready to order in the nastiest way possible.  Then she didn't write down my order, which irritates me because I hate when my order comes out wrong.  When the order came out it took us forever to find her for the check and my extra sauce that she didn't write down and then forgot.  The food here is good, that's why I'm giving it a 2, but other than that they need to teach these girls serious customer service!
3	Hummus was just great. I've trident their "special" Greek wine and honestly didn't like it. Briefly - he'll of food worth the money.
3	The one in Phoenix was really good and I expected the same here. Not so much, but it was edible. The gyro meat was a bit dry.  The hummus was pretty good and the pita bread is always fresh and warm. Service was really good, even during the lunch rush.  If you happen to be on Mill Ave. and suddenly want Greek food, it will do.
4	There $6 lunch specials are fantastic.  Service is always good, waitresses are cute, and the place has a good positive vibe.  I might give them 5 stars after I check out their happy hour or actually go there for dinner.
5	Anytime I can get live Greek music and saganaki and ktopothes... I am compelled to brandish many stars! The people are sweet, the patio is fortunately positioned for good people watching, and the menu has something for even your pickiest of eaters!  Come here and be transported to Ellada via Mill.
4	Small selection which I love.  I hate going to a place that has a hundred menu items because you know it's all frozen and it's hard to figure out.  Cheesecake factory is a prime offender. The beef and lamb are very good. The Zeus beer is excellent as well. Nice atmosphere.Update: The last time I was there someone broke a plate and everyone yelled opa!  I thought that was a fun way to make light of someone's mistake but when it happened every thirty minutes I realized this is their dancing gimmick like at Texas road house or joes crab shack. It scared the crap out me every time and is no welcome when I'm trying to eat.
4	Flaming Cheese, outdoor seating, nice customer service, nice selection...great place to go and enjoy!
4	Wow. I have known this place existed for years, but I always figured it was just a chain and probably wouldn't be very impressive. I went here for lunch the other day for the first time, and it was soooooooo good!!! I just got the basic gyro pita, and it was really really tasty. Probably the best gyro I have ever had (and I have had many). Everything tasted fresh, the meat wasn't too greasy, the pita was soft and fluffy and the taziki(sp?) was very good. The fries were also delicious. Nice and crispy. My lunch date got the Greek fries which were other worldly. I will be ordering those next time! Their prices are very reasonable, and our waitress was nice and not annoying! I will be getting lunch here more often now, especially since I work directly across the street!
3	It was good,  your typical Greek-style restaurant offerings.  Nothing much more to write about.  if you've been to any decent Greek restaurant, you've "been" here.
4	This place is soooooo good!!!!! They have a great selection of hummus. The village hummus (spicy one) is my favorite. Along with the grilled chicken salad. They have a good and sometimes cheap selection of flavored mojitos. I prefer the regular ones but they are all pretty delicious. There aren't too many places on Mill to just go and eat and not get caught with bar food or super greasy food so this is a great change of pace and the food is always good.
5	Very authentic Greek restaurant. Excellent food quality and service. Great atmosphere as well.
2	I have been here several times in the last year, usually for b-days. This time the food was awful! Service was good as usual, atmosphere was good, but the lighting attributed to the cause of my food poisoning later in the night. When the food arrived at the table, about 5 minutes had passed since they turned the lighting down further (which was already dim). I am not generally the type of person to send food back, no matter how bad, but I decided that even though it was tasting funny, I wouldn't say anything in this case as not to spoil the celebration. My (lamb) souvalki was chewy & seemed strange with not a very good affect on my tummy. I verified later, by way of my leftovers, it was a grey-purple color with a wretching texture. It seems, not only was the meat undercooked (very rare when I ordered medium), but the meat was already making "the turn" when they prepared it. On top of that, the main reason I like the place besides the positives I've already made mention of is the cheap price for a heavy helping of food. Although my plate was full, my boyfriends portion of fish was small. Out of my group, at least 3 people felt sick after eating 3 different dinners/types of meat(fish, lamb & beef). I loved this place til now, but it'll take a lot to earn back my favor.
4	Great roasted garlic hummus, and their mojitos were surprisingly good too.
2	Just because you name your restaurant after a hit movie (as for the movie-meh, I've experienced better) doesn't mean you can phone it in. On 3 different occasions, the service was indifferent to entirely missing, the food was uninspired, and on the last occasion, we had to send our food back THREE TIMES before they got it right (or at least how it is supposed to be according to the menu). Three strikes and you are out-I can't recommend this place.There are waaay better places on Mill Ave (Crave leaps to mind)-even if you have to pay more (and that's a pretty tough trick, as this place isn't wallet friendly either). The Greek Pita at Tempe Marketplace makes this place an embarrassment. TRY HARDER!
5	I love this place and it may be because of the Greek Fires - lemon and feta are SO much better than ketchup. The rest of the food is pretty good too, whether it's the the gyros, moussaka or chicken souvlaki (which I admit was on the dry side a time or two) I have yet to be disappointed in anything.
3	Currently this location is CLOSED (Mill Avenue) due to the fire damage - still waiting impatiently for them to open up again, but there are other locations too and the food is about the same. I always stick with a basic gyro and Greek side salad. Can't go wrong with this.
1	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants but the service went way down hill.  The new owners hire lots of college students with tattoos everywhere as well as lots of piercings.  Seems like tattoos and too many piercings are a job requirement along with disrespect and a lack of desire.  The staff is what made this place the worst restaurant ever and doesnt seem to matter how often you let management know I just dont think they care.  Also in the past few years there is a growing number of homeless that sit out front begging for money.  They sit so close to the outside patio that you have them dining with you or at least it feels that way making you incredibly uncomfortable.  Our last visit we sat on the patio which was next to a bench just outside the restaurant where a few homeless were stationed.  One girl had a huge rat on her shoulder and it was beyond disgusting.  Management obviously doesnt care and does nothing to improve anything so we go way out of our way now to eat at the other Greek in Chandler at Chandler Mall.
4	So sad, this location is closed.
4	After a long awaited visit to the Mill Ave. location, we arrived to see it had closed. I checked their web-site and it said nothing about the closure. Two years of looking forward to this visit! What a let down. Next time in Phoenix, we will go to another location. BFGR, please add the closure to your web-site! Thanks!!!
5	Two words: Lunch Special. This place has reopened after a grease fire almost a year ago. I was never inside before the fire, but they have a nice long bar and good seating and most importantly great food so far. The lunch special pitas are all 5 bucks and can be taken to-go which I did - to the lake. I ordered the falafel which was three giant spheres of fresh falafel laying gently inside a warm open faced (but foldable) hot pita. The sesame sauce was on the side (nice and thick) and onions, lettuce also included. For 99 cents extra, you can add fries, rice or greek salad, so a top notch lunch is available for just $6. The rice was pretty good too with fresh cut peppers inside and on top. Looks like this place will be great for lunch and the flaming cheese is on the menu here also, a must have for a good greek joint. Dinner way more pricey.
4	Awesome lunch deals, great food, quick service.
1	Went to the re-opening night after hearing it was all day happy hour and was craving fresh pitas and hummus.  Me and two friends waited 15 minutes for water and there was no sign of the waiter even though the restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived.  They then proceeded to bring us hummus that tasted sour and after another 20 minutes we received new hummus because the waiter claimed that too much lemon was in the first hummus they served us.  We didn't get a chance to put in our order until about another 20 minutes (so we have been seated for more than 40 minutes at this point).  When our food finally came out, specific order preferences had been overlooked, I nearly spit out my soggy calamari and the bruschetta was mostly just a giant piece of bread with old tomatoes.  After an hour of waiting, we didn't really expect to be happy with the meal but this was a bit much!  Drink orders finally arrived and we no longer even wanted them.  The manager came over and was very understanding of our issues but it didn't compensate for an already ruined night.  She explained that the waiter was new and his section was the biggest.  For an order that consisted of 5 appetizers and 2 drinks, we were in the restaurant for over an hour and a half.  Wouldn't recommend this place for anyone looking for a quick and relaxing meal.
4	Came for lunch during the week. The gyro was absolutely delicious! I got the gyro plate and I was definitely very happy with my choice. The wait to get our food was quite long & we began to wonder what was going on. Before we knew it though, the restaurant manager came to our table to apologize to us for our food taking longer than it should have, and he gave each of the 4 of us a $10 off coupon to use on a future visit. We were all very impressed because we hadn't said anything about the wait. The food ended up being well worth the wait & we were all very happy with the manager being proactive like he was.
1	Hands down the most bland food I've ever had.   Greek Meatballs were room temp, all drinks were accompanied by a sticky glass, and the side salad was basically an onion or two.  The Grilled Chicken Wrap contained overcooked chicken, more balsamic vinegar than I've ever seen and the tiniest sprinkling of feta.  All other parties at the table were disappointed as well.  They had also described the food as bland and we we all felt like we were in the twilight zone with the bizarre  music that was playing.  The manager took $10 off the bill, but that hardly made up for it.
3	They have improved greatly since the reopen.  Quality of food has gone way up.  Staff seems to have made improvement as well.
5	Awesome food, awesome service. Probably the best and most consistent food in Mill ave. tons of specials every day. If you haven't come into the Greek since it reopened you need to
4	I've been several times and almost always enjoy the food. Some sides are bland and sometimes the fries are soggy, but food and service are usually what you'd expect. The atmosphere is nice inside and wonderful on the patio, weather permitting.  If your in the mood for Greek, you'll likely enjoy your visit.
2	Went there for a lunch recently, and was somewhat disappointed. Their online specials are advertised as "half price appetizers", and "$3.00 appetizers". Well, neither one of those advertisements is true. Their "special half priced appetizers" are half the size. That's correct, you read that right. It is one of the absolute stupidest things I have ever seen from a restaurant. Half price, for half the size...you do the math. And there apparently aren't any $3.00 appetizers (would those be a third the normal size if they existed?!). And in the same misrepresenting fashion, my falafal sandwich was not much of a lunch special bargain either, as it turns out...it is normally $7.00, and is advertised for $5.00 for the special. Sounds good, right? Wrong! It normally comes with fries, or a salad, but does not on the special. So ridiculous!!!!  The food was decent, nothing to get overly excited about. And our waittress was nice, and did a good job. But between the false advertising, the warm temperature inside (they keep the doors open, it's awful), the flys buzzing around (again, open doors), and the fact that you have to pay to park on Mill ave now...forget it. If you want some similar fare, that tastes better, and costs less, hit up HAJI BABA on Apache (yes, I realize Haji Baba isn't a Greek restaurant).
4	Well, if you have been to a MBFGR before then you know the menu. The one in Old Town Scottsdale closed a couple years ago and the one by Chandler Mall is always crazy busy so it had been a while for me. The food was still tasty and a good value at this location. The downside is that a large portion of the restaurant is open to the patio so that makes it pretty hot in the summertime.An extra star for them since my waitress Anna was super sweet and very professional. I am assuming she's a student but she was very competant and I had a really pleasant lunch thanks to her.
1	My husband and I used to eat her 3-4 times a week, after we finished our walk through Tempe. We have our standard fare that we order and really looked forward to them re-opening. BIG disappointment. We've gone back 4 times and each time gets worse. The wait staff is horrible and unattentive, the portion sizes have reduced dramatically and they now charge for every little extra, e.g. extra dressing, pita bread with salad, etc. The side gyros dish is a third of the size it used to be. We will not be going back! Now to look for a new place to eat after our daily walk.
4	Much better than I remember since they reopened. I have been in for lunch a few times recently. The service has been much better and that point is illustrated by the fact that it's not always dead in there anymore (prior to the fire it seemed like it was headed downhill). I've worked at many restaurants in Tempe and it can be hard to get people in for lunch, but they have been busier and I think that's great! I tried a summer shrimp salad, the chicken pita and hummus. All were very good. Especially the salad!!!!! YUM :)
4	This place is wonderful.  Been in a few times for lunch.  Get the salad with your gyro or chicken.  I am far from a salad tosser (haha!), but this salad is outstanding.  You'll spend less than you would at Subway for a far healthier meal here.An additional bit of genius is serving their water in huge cups.  Don't have to keep bugging the staff for water if you happen to be really thirsty.  Every restaurant should do this.
2	As others have stated... Portion sizes are huge but unfortunatley more doesn't neccessarily equal better.. I got the hummus trio & I have had better hummus... Although when you combine the bread, cucumber & hummus in one bite, it was much better...I got the blackened salmon ceasar which I wouldn't really recommend... A relatively small piece of salmon for such a large salad... Bottom line... I've had better Caesar salads...We also had the Chicken Souvlaki... While the Souvlaki itself was very tasty we didn't really care for the lemon potatoes... The Greek fries were different.. Couldn't really make up my kind... Not the biggest fan of Feta so that probably skewed my decision..So, if I come back to Arizona... I won't put this on my "must revisit" list...
2	I thought they had really turned things around for a while there.  I have ordered a few salads to go and only been in a handful of times since the reopen.  Quality of food and service had gone up however my recent experience was back to the usual lower quality presentation and the same low quality service that I had become accustomed to prior to the fire. On our most recent visit My husband and I came in with friends and I didnt want to bring attention to the really bad attitude the server had but when we got home my husband said something about how rude and weird our server was.  We definitely noticed the same thing so I am sure my friends did as well.  That alone is enough to not want to make another visit.  My salad was not at all what I would usually expect.  I took a picture of the sad little salad.  This one was definitely the worst they have ever made for me.  I got a picture of it just to remind myself not to bother coming back again.  My server had such a crappy attitude that I didnt even want to say anything about the salad.  Not sure what his problem was.  The restaurant seemed pretty empty and we made 0 complaints and still got treated like crap.
1	This is easily the WORST Greek food I've had in my life. Obviously mass produced as my chicken entree took 5 minutes to be ready. Extremely tasteless and my guest and I both left feeling like we would get sick. People are right that the only good part is the service, but the food, well we regretted eating it. How can you mess up a Greek salad too? The falafel, disgusting. I can't say anything nice really.
2	"Meh"Yep.. that's it folks. Big portions, slow service, bland sides. The best part of the experience was the platter we had. The hummus was pretty tasty as were the zucchini thingies. I had a Chicken Souvlaki and Shrimp Souvlaki with potatoes and veggies. I question whether either of them were completely done, but the meat was quite tasty.I looked around and it seems that it had a meh experience for most of my dining party. I won't be back anytime soon, but glad I got to go.
3	We were planning to eat elsewhere before but since they were full, we decided to eat at MBGFR. We were seated right away and our server was very nice and attentive. We started off with the hummus (I think jalapeno) and then each got our own chicken souvlaki pita. Everything was A-OK and I'll probably return.
2	I visited this venue looking for quick lunch and a gyro was what was on my mind. I was greeted quickly upon entry to a vacant restaurant. Not sure if this was a good sign or just a slow period of the day. The venue looks nice, was clean, and a little bit confusing. Greek restaurant over powered by Skyy Vodka??? Say what? Moreover, and although a cold mixed drink would have nice....lunch time was my target. Also, I was searching for a nice new venue to visit during my lunch break, etc.  Now here comes the low down.....a 5 dollar lunch menu...sweet! Until I got my gyro and fries....thats where it went down hill. For 5 bucks a gyro should be filled with meat, lettuce and whatever the white sauce was. Instead I got a gyro with 3 - 2 inch long strips of meat....wtf? The fries (which were an additional 99 cents extra) were nice and crispy. That gyro was damn pitiful and for that this place gets 2 stars. Lets get some more meat on them and Ill reconsider....for now consider this to be continued!
1	The Hostess Was A HUGE BITCH! The food was not terrible but I will never go back after how rude the night hostess is.
2	I have had to visit this place a few times with a group. The food is generally very dry and doesn't seem very fresh. Unfortunately, the reopening has not improved the food one bit.
4	When I'm working in Tempe, this is my go-to lunch spot.Here's what I love:* Fast* Friendly staff* Delicious (and cheap!) lunch specialsMy personal favorite is the chicken caprese pita - filling, but not too much. I also love to splurge on saganaki every once in a while. Opa!
5	I've eaten here twice with my friends and once with my family and the food has been amazing every time. For some odd reason the food always puts my friends and I in a good mood. I've actually been to Greece and I can actually say that the food is up to par with real Greek food. You definitely must check it out and i'll be back again many times.
3	Everything was fine.  It just wasn't good enough to warrant a return.We were seated quickly.  My girlfriend noticed some of the restaurant looked a little dirty and out-of-date.  Odd to say, but the water tasted terrible.  I guess that's a way to get you to order a drink.  The food was good.  Big portions for sure.  We ended up wrapping up a good portion of our meals to have for lunch the next day.As we try more and more restaurants in the area, it seems like the bar is raising.  Unfortunately, My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is good, but doesn't quite make the cut.
5	I absolutely love this place :) I'm an extremely picky eater and the staff here is always polite and accommodating. The waitresses are super friendly and gorgeous!
2	Had lunch here yesterday. Had the falafel gyro with greek salad. It was one of the lunch specials so the price was nice. It was just ok, the falafels were over cooked and pretty hard. There was not a lot of tzatziki sauce so it was kinda dry. It came with a side of hummus so that helped some.  There were very few people there, should have been a clue for a restaurant in the middle of ASU territory.
2	I ordered a Caesar Salad to go.  Never have I a paid 9.00 for a worst salad. I was unaware the Greeks use brown old lettuce and Romaine
3	Black Rasberry Mojito!
4	Pretty good greek-ish food on Mill. Its also close to my work and great for big groups. Service is always decent. The lunch menu is great and you can add fries or greek salad for only 99 cents. I have learned to order the regular gyro pita. Its the best. The chicken isn't always fresh tasting. Also, their drink cups are huge, which is great in summer.
4	Lunch special is a total steal. Got two gyros with a side salad and the specialty Greek fries for under $15 plus tax. Would come back for just the specialty fries. Fries loaded with Parmesan cheese, feta cheese, and this super yummy lemon sauce. Apparently they can do a loaded version with bacon, chicken, gyro meat on these fries. That sounds amazing right after a long night of partying!!
3	Now that they are back up & running, we tried again. Food is back to good & prices are decent. I don't feel like the service is where it should be, but I get it. I'm gonna go now & then, I like the food & location.
4	We have eaten here twice.  It is obviously a favorite of the locals.  Service was excellent.  I should not that my wife has food allergies.  We have eaten at a lot of Greek Restaurants and never had to trouble with asking for special preparation.  Simply stated real Greek cooking does not have a lot of nightshade in it.  Well . . .we order food that you would not normally find any being served with nightshade.  When the waitress brought it out it was covered in paprika.  Much to our surprise when we mentioned this to the waitress, she immediately took the plate back to the kitchen and got all new food for us.  THIS IS CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We were impressed.The food is good, but a little lacking in flavor.  Not a lot mind you just a little.  The portions are about right, maybe a little too much, but that is better than too little.The staff if friendly and the service was very quick even though the place was packed.  I strongly recommend for lunch or dinner.  We will be back.
1	Worst service I've EVER EXPERIENCED at a restaurant. Sat there for 20 minutes before getting up and leaving. So if you like tap water and have lots of time on your hands try this place!!!
5	Loved this place. Not on the menu, but ask for the sauteed spinach. Definitely coming back the next time I am in Tempe!
3	We were seated immediately at 7:00pm. We were surprised that on a Saturday night this place was dead. The place needs a huge make over.  It's old and needs updating. We were seated in a booth that had a hole in the vinyl seat. The service was good. The food wasn't. I had a Gyro pita and the meat was tough like it was sitting out all day, it probably was. My friend ordered the Pastitzio. It was cold and dry. He ordered more marinera sauce to douse the dryness. The only thing tasty on the menu was the Saganaki. I don't think we are coming back anytime soon.
4	They make the only baklava I've ever liked! It was softer and not as heavy as the ones I've tasted elsewhere. The honey tasted like fresh natural honey instead of candy. Me likee ;) They also have baklava cheesecake, which is their own creation and not offered anywhere else. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about it, but it was yummy!I washed both of these desserts down with a glass of white wine. I forgot which one it was, all I remember is it was our servers favorite. Next time maybe I'll try a main entree, lol. :)The service was good. They accommodated a large group of us. Our server was professional & friendly. Parking in this area can be a bear, but there happens to be a big parking garage directly East of this location! Very convenient.
5	I came here randomly and had the beef Angus souvlaki and it was AMAZING. I'm not sure how to describe something so delicious. It was to die for. I wish I could throw it up and eat it again. That's how good it was. Besides the deliciously amazing food, they had fabulous customer service!! The waiters were fun, friendly, and very attentive to our needs. Our waiter was actually a new guy, and this was his first night. He was excellent and his supervisor even came by a few times to make sure we were having a positive experience. I would not only come back everyday and try something new on the menu, but I would recommend this place to anyone in the area. A++++++ FABULOUS food and customer service.
4	I feel like a big fatty rolling out of here after I eat my weight in food. It's just that good! I'm a fan of all things Mediterranean and I've always been pleasantly surprised at how delicious MBFGR's food is. I particular like their hummus and gyros and I also really love their Greek french fries. Who doesn't enjoy a good flaming cheese!? I was especially surprised to realize how good their baklava was because I'm never a fan of baklava. However, they do something delicious to it and it made me a fan. This is definitely a good stop along the Mill Ave circuit and especially during happy hour when their pricing is practically a steal.
5	I was waiting till I got back to Dallas to update all of my reviews, but this JOINT right here... LAWD HAVE MERCY on my taste buds because I am having a very inappropriate FOODGASM...First of all the people that work there are super nice and helpful..I ordered the gyro platter with rice and roasted potatoes...never in my life have I ever had potatoes so freaking awesome...now don't get me wrong the meat...pita...rice was all delish...but the true star are the potatoes....I typically stay in the Westin when I come to Phoenix, but I am tempted to stay in Tempe just to be closer to these potatoes...my new favorite spot
4	My wife and I flew in from Minnesota today and our wings were very tired.  We got a recommendation from the motel desk and trotted down there.  A nice looking place with a homey ambiance in student central area on Mill St.Nice menu...three of my favorites and something that looked really good: Greek spaghetti.  garlic, extra virgin olive oil, feta, Kaseri.  since I loves spaghetti con aglia y olio from the Italian camp, I had to try it.   delicious. We shared very tasty fried calamari.  The white sauce had an interesting touch of heat.My wife loved her sweet and sour grilled salmon on the special.  And I liked it a lot, too.  Raw baby spinach with an interesting dressing on the side.  The congenial manager or owner dropped by our table to check on us and we had a nice chat.Frankly, this place is a better meal than the three Greek places we enjoy in Rochester, although it was a bit spendier.  Our meal with a glass of wine, and a pint of ale ran $50 before tip; we'd be happy to go here again next time we're in the area.
5	Dinner was amazing tonightI had the chicken Alfredo and it was really goodIt came with some pieces of bread which were nice and fluffy... And not greasy at allThe Greek blue moon was nice too... Blue moon mixed with peach schnapps and OJFruity and crispWhat made the entire experience great was the service... From our server Andrew... And everyone else who worked in MBFGR. It was so different compared to every other restaurant on Mill... It was just so laid back and everyone was nice! Everyone made sure our visit enjoyable so we will be back for sure
4	so good!!! I will definitely come back to this place! fries are the best!!!!! love the gyro!
1	Wow...thought I'd try it and had a lot more hopes for this place. Waitress knew nothing of the menu nor the minuscule beer selection. Recommended the special to us, and then had to read the ingredients of it from a cue card, even though she claimed to have just eaten it. Food was ok but we ordered the roasted chicken wrap, and were billed for the roasted chicken wrap, but were served the veggie wrap. Really? Not sure who goofed that one up. I'll stick to pita jungle.
3	We had the hummus.  It was average nothing to write home about.  I had the beef and lamb gyros with salad.  It was your average gyros served with a Greek salad with iceberg lettuce. For the price not too bad.  It was lunch time on a Monday not too busy.  Waitstaff should people only have about an hour lunch.  Waitress disappeared on us, we finally got our check.  Again not bad and price point was good.
4	my husband and i came for a late evening meal. We both ordered the souvlaki plates. The pitas, tsatziki and meats were delicious. The only thing that really puts me off is the rice. It is is completely unauthentic and tastes exactly like boxed instant rice. If something like basmati was used for the yellow rice dish, I would probably visit more often. I visit The Greek Pita at tempe marketplace more often for this reason. Rice is an important accompaniment to greek food. Dafine was our server. She was a very knowledgeable and friendly and gave us a pleasant experience .
4	Excellent spot for a quick bite on Mill Avenue. This is also a great place to go with a big group if you aren't sure how much money people want to spend and need an affordable but fun place.  Definitely get the flaming cheese!
1	I don't understand why restaurants can invest in filtered water. The water at this venue is terrible. They use the syrup and Tea to cover up the taste and smell. Ultimately drinking it is not good for your body. Guys and investment in filtering your water will increase the quality of the experience your customers have.
4	If you like lamb you can't go wrong with some Lamb Chops or the Lamb Shank! The service is excellent and quick.
4	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  Plus, I love good Greek food!I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
5	Yummy and excellent service! I had the gyro! I was glad I chose them. I'd definitely tell recommend this restaurant! :-)
2	Ended up here since Mill was slammed for the ASU game..ordered the souvlaki, one beef and the other lamb.  The lamb was pretty under seasoned, the beef had a better taste except it was chewy and hard to swallow.  Had to spit out a piece in the napkin so someone got a surprise unfortunately.  Didn't think I got enough for what I paid for either.  The veg was also under seasoned, just bland tasting food.  I looked around and most people were ordering Apps like the hummus, so I may have missed something.  The waitress was very good and friendly, the extra star is for her.  Not sure I can go back with all the choices around there.
4	All around, pretty good place!  The staff was incredibly friendly, they all greeted me heartily when I came in. My server - I think his name was Ben... was so polite, attentive and prompt.  I ordered a strawberry basil martini - with fresh muddled berries and basil leaves - it was very good.  For dinner I had the gyro platter with a Greek salad.  The salad was wonderful, the pita was perfect, and the gyro meat made the platter worth paying for.  I wasn't super impressed with the rice, it kind of reminds me of something you'd buy pre-seasoned and dehydrated in a packet at the grocery store... And it was a little mushy and over cooked... But not terrible by any means... Just not on par with everything else.  The potatoes weren't bad either, but just like the pilaf - a bit mushy and not seasoned subtly.  The portion was huge, so I have a good bit leftover for lunch tomorrow (hooray!)... But I glanced at the desert menu and couldn't resist trying the baklava cheese cake (whuut?! ) - yeah, you read that right. I am so glad I did, it was so f@cking good.  So...f@cking...good.  So if nothing else - go for this and their other deserts that also looked amazing.
2	The service was good, but all of the food I had was lacking.  I won't be back.Appetizer "Greek" salad: The lettuce wasn't of good quality, and the toppings were severely lacking.  There was just ONE olive, a few small pieces of cucumber and tomato, and a very small amount of crumbled feta.  The dressing was also creamy concoction instead of oil or balsamic, which was very odd.Entre: Gyro Platter: This is always something I think is hard to screw up, but alas....The meat was ok.  The tzatziki was a bit strange...WAY too much dill, and was very thin.  Platter only comes with a couple of small pieces of pita bread, which were soaked in oil from my side of vegetables by the time the plate go to the table, making everything a soggy mess.
5	Some of the best baklava you will ever have! Not so sweet and right on the spot with the cream served. Their lamb leg is awesome along with all the cheese platters. Greatservice and location.
3	The service here is awesome, drinks are reasonable, but the food is really not worth the trip. Used to love this place for their good food, but since they had that fire couple of years ago food does not taste the same. I bet they changed the chef.
5	We have eaten here quite a few times, and love it when we get to have Chelsea as our waitress. She knows everything  on the menu and gives great recommendations.  Who knew you could get the lamb kabobs ala carte?  This is awesome when you are on the Atkins diet.  After flaming cheese, these are the best!  Thank you for the consistency of service and exceptional customer service, Chelsea - you keep us coming back!
5	Excellent food, great laid back culture.  If you like big portions, big food at a great price give this place a try!!!
5	Awesome service + delicious food .. and they had a good live band playing as well !! We ordered the gyro platter and lamb chops ... lamb chops were cooked well and the gyro was tasty also.
5	Great food. Chicken Parmesan & Garlic Shrimp was amazing!Logan our waiter was outstanding! Great job!
3	Great service and decent food. I enjoyed the gyro platter with a side of rice and vegetables. One thing that could be improved is the pita bread portioning. Who in the world is only satisfied with three tiny slices of pita bread? Put some more bread on the plate. Then I will up this place's rating to four stars.Until then, My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is okay if you want smiling service and questionable portions.
4	We stopped in for a bite - my dining partner hadn't been before. Samplers the falafel with hummus. Great hummus!! I had chicken souvlaki pita, he had gyro pita. Both with Greek salads. Shared an order of Greek fries. They also had a special of $5 sangria. Food was fresh and delicious. The fry toppings were great, but I wasn't nuts about the fries themselves. Our server was Madison, she was awesome!
3	Located right downtown this is a great place to pick up lunch or dine in. Right off the bat, they serve you a ginormous water, which is helpful in staying hydrated in 120 degrees.  The Greek salads are always fresh, never any dreaded brown lettuce.  They use a nice creamy Greek dressing.  The chicken  Souvlaki pita has nicely marinated, tender chicken breast slices which marries perfectly with the cucumber yogurt sauce.  I have had their Greek fries and martinis when they were in Tucson and neither disappointed.  More places should serve french fries with feta.  Service is quick, which is also appreciated.    Next time I seriously need to get my OPA on and get the flaming sagnaki cheese.  Their gyro meat is craved right off the spicket and not from a gross freezer pack.  Disclaimer:  I'm from Michigan where there is more Greek Coney Island Restaurants on the corner than chain pharmacies, so this is like an oasis in the desert.  We also have a killer Greek Town in Downtown Detroit.  While they don't have Scordalia it will do.
4	First time I have ever been to this location here in Tempe. The hardest thing was finding a place to park! Other than that it was great. We got the appetizer with all the tastes of Greece. Grape leaves were wonderful, as well as the Hummus. Lots of bread was served with everything. Pita Bread and a type of bread in small slices, which was very good and fresh.So wonderful and delish was the Flaming Cheese! That was amazing!I got the lamb and awesome... I would get it again.We did get the Baklava cake, not my favorite. Real Baklava is much better.  Service was very fast and friendly. Restrooms were clean. I would go back here any time.
