4	We went for the Grand Opening party New Years Eve, so keep in mind this wasn't a typical clubbing experience. *The door/getting in - shockingly easy. They didnt' discriminate based on looks and we actually got in in a timely manner despite a long line. Perhaps this will change in the future, unfortunately. *Drinks/the bar - It was open bar so I can't comment on prices, but the bartenders were HOT and made a stiff drink. I might have blacked out for 2 hours that night.. damn you bartenders! *Layout/atmosphere - I would say it has a similar "feel" to Lavo in that it's upstairs and small enough where you can see nearly the entire room from any vantage point. It is larger, however, than Lavo with a more defined dance floor. The dance floor has 2 sided video screens which is fun. I do not like, however, that there is no outdoor space like a balcony to go out onto. Bottom line: Like it better than Lavo and Tao, but it can't compare to XS! Worth checking out if you're staying in city center.
4	A friend of mine works here so maybe I'm partial to this place.. However it was awesome... Intimidating door people are actually friendly once spoken to.  Didn't have any problem getting in here and the line seemed to be moving outside this club. Located on top of Besos in City Center this nightclub is beautiful both inside and out. Would recommend both couples and singles alike checking this place out. The waitresses here are super hot, all the girls are pretty and friendly, kind of like the ones at Spearmint Rhino, and except these ladies have a few more clothes on. Drinks are typical Vegas fair around 12-14 bucks a pop. Bartenders were surprisingly fast and when it got super busy the bar back even helped me out. Don't know his name but he took care of the drunk broad standing next to me, as well as replacing my drink after some slob knocked it over.The music here was better than the usual top 40, tables for bottle service are nicely laid out and allow customers to survey the entire dance floor and bar area. Must admit I was wrecked when I got to this place and only can remember bits in pieces. There were a few hotties mixed in with the usual sloppy Indian/Asian "I went to Ivy league don't know how to party but will take E this one time I'm in Vegas and a pay a boatload of money for my girlfriends bachelorette party" types lurking around as well. Will definitely come back here on my next Vegas trip. Perfect place to meet a hooker after your wife passes out after getting drunk off too many margaritas in Besos.
2	My girl and I decided to hit up this club, since it's in the brand new Crystals in the City Center, we figured it was going to a pretty nice club. She got a text from a friend of hers that was already in the club, so we decided to head over. As we approached the front one of the promoters offered us a couple of free passes which was cool, since the cover for the place that night was $40, each. All because it was some chicks birthday... one of the fakies from The Hills, or The OC, or something like that. LOL (I know my girls gonna be mad at that comment :P)Drinks in this place are pretty expensive. I mean a couple of Tanquerey Ten and Tonics were $32. Now I know why people get good and buzzed before they even get to the clubs.For a club in a new hotel. It's small. Yeah there are a lot of couches but that is for VIP and Bottle Service. The bar, there is only one in the place, is constantly packed with people. And the dance floor, from what I could see, was TINY, compared to clubs I've been to everywhere else.Would we go back? Sure if we got more passes, but for $40/person plus the cost of some drinks, I think not!
5	We happened to "stumble" across this gem in the midst of our drunken stupor.  This gem was found in the new CityCenter Crystals building above Eva Longria's Beso.  The DJs rocked.  The dance floor was nice.  Drinks were reasonable.  Crowd was pretty fun.  AND our whole group got in for free.  This made my night and just made HAZE across the hall look like an overpriced joke.
4	So my friend got us a crazy deal with a promoter this weekend. we just had to bring a good ratio. and as we provided with ladies and made it rain at the bar with cash, it was a win win deal i guess.the clientele here was mainly older crowd. its a very intimate club int he new city center. the bathrooms were nice. one of my issues was getting here. it took forever to find it and walk there across bridges. i should have taken a cab. that one confusing block.rum and coke 15 bucks. not bad but damn.our group had about 20 people and we got in no waiting no lines no covers. up the stairs and into the party. even though the crowd was over. i was drunk i didnt care. and i made friends.... older lady friends.at the end of the night it was so intimate i was getting the bedroom eyes and got uncomfortable and sweaty so i left. walking down those 2 flights of stairs out drunk is crazy. and then down 2 more flights to get out. whoa. adventure city.the displays in that shopping center are distracting. and the design is amazing in both even and city center.
3	The club was decent, but I'm not sure I'm a fan of the speakers being on ground level. The intense bass that was turned on even more after the fire alarm went off (yes thats right - luckily no fire to my knowledge) was so strong I could feel my clothes lifting off my chest with each thump. It was nice that they had some fruity shot things floating around for free (I liked that). All in all - getting in for free during MLK weekend was great. My group of 30+ had fun even with the crazy thumping bass. It is quite pretty in there and I liked the screens that they had around the dance floor. Random note, but the gogo dancers all seemed way bored. I think they should hire my friends instead cuz we were busting a move harder than the girls swaying on the sides!I also hate the fact that you can smoke inside the club, but I guess that's vegas for you. Us cali kids will just have to suck it up.
2	This nightclub has a very amateur vibe to it.  I can't really describe it but it felt comparable to a nightclub on a cruise ship!  The club itself was kinda small and the only visual we had were these horrible video screens in a circle above the dancefloor.  We had a table so i can't comment on the bar at all.  The bathroom was super bright and white and only had 4 stalls.  There was just no energy in the club.  My friends and i left after 20 minutes.
4	I'm a huge fan of the new City Center.  Its so beautiful.  This club is right next to Eva Longoria's Beso restaurant and in the Crystals Hotel in the new City Center. I actually went to this club last Saturday by default because Haze was trying to charge 40 bucks for guys and 20 for girls.  Granted it was close to midnight on a Saturday but still.. so we decided to try our luck somewhere else. In very close walking distance is TA DA- EVE! This club is pretty small I would compare it to Lavo feel at Palazzo.  Tables everywhere.  I only saw one main bar under this huge pretty chandelier.  What I really enjoyed were the huge projector displays showing music videos of the song they played! The music was top 40's, hip hop, trendy etc.  They played Red Red Wine! haha. Love it. Had a good time and would def go back.  There was no line and it was free.  Gave me a chance to spend my money on the of course expensive Vegas drinks but thats typical!   Diverse crowd also.
3	My group of friends (ages 21-26) went to this club instead of HAZE because of all the bad reviews Haze has received upon their opening. City Center is a gorgeous place and Eve is actually very pretty and stylish as well. I'm not giving this place a great review because it was just not my type of crowd..I didn't see anyone getting down on the dance floor or groups of people getting crazy drunk lol. My friends and I left and decided to go to TAO and let me remind you that we think TAO is already bad as it is. If you are going to vegas don't try to be a rebel and take everyones advice by going to XS. Your welcome :P
3	I went here last Saturday and was expecting an older crowd and there were some older people but the majority of the crowd was in their early twenties.   There was a good mix of nationalities which I enjoy. The club is on the smaller side.  It seems about half of the club is bottle service tables and the dance floor so you're kind of restricted to the area around the bar.  I really didn't care too much for the layout of the club.  On the good side the bartenders were really good, very attentive, all good looking and all female.  There might have been a male bartender but I didn't see one.  My Bacardi and cokes were 14 bucks.  I probably won't come back here on a Friday or Saturday unless I'm staying at Aria or possibly if I'm in town on a Wednesday evening.   I believe Wednesday is Industry night.
3	Went there for the first time last Thursday, had a drink at View bar (which is a great bar by the way) while waiting for my friends. Went in, the place was somewhat small, but even when packed was pretty easy to navigate through the crowds. DJ was good, played a lot of songs I had not heard in awhile or heard enough of in a club setting. My main complaint were the bartenders who didn't know their cocktails too well. I ordered a sidecar and received a shooter of henessy and cointreau
2	My group of friends decided to try out Eve at the City Center on a Friday night. We thought that it would be nice to try something new, and the reviews were decent.....better than Haze. Let me tell you, I was very disappointed. The highlight of the venue, was its large crystal chandelier, a ring of screen projectors above the dance floor, and a cool hollow light frame next to the girls bathroom. The venue itself is quite small. If I had to compare it to another Vegas venue, I would probably compare it to Lavo, but I would still choose Lavo over Eve any day. It was a very mixed crowd. We got to Eve around 12:30 AM, and it still wasn't the energy I expected. My group and I stayed for less than an hour, trying to drink enough to turn the club "fun" for us. However, we failed and we all agreed to go to Tao, even though we swore that we would not go to Tao again for the 234098234th time.  I'd have to say, Tao saved the night.
5	If you know me you know I love Las Vegas! So I hardly will find a place I can't have a good time at - as long as there is vodka, good vodka.I came here while in Las Vegas for work in early 1/2010. A few of us got out after our work commitments and thought we would check out the new hot spot. It isn't an easy location to get to if your cab driver isn't up to speed on the location then you will get dropped off in the wrong spot. A few in the group had to walk to whole mall - annoying! Once at the club the door gents were polite and got the 12 of us in quickly. Coming up the stairs to get to the club which is over Beso steakhouse you could already feel the sound system! I must stay ... impressive! I could feel the beat in my body all night. The girls working the bar are all beautiful and seem to be pretty nice and they poured some nice above average strength drinks. We danced the night away watched some animated porn footage - which was pretty funny and jetted out back to our hotel pleased with the location. The only thing I would have love was if it was a bigger location. It was raining pretty heavy when we were there so maybe it would be different if there was an outside area - didn't even bother looking. On a side note ladies: Bathroom was clean and the ladies working in there were a blast - dancing and taking care of business!
3	+1 got in for free +1 good music (friday night)+1 its new-1 $14 for a gin and tonic-1 its small
2	OverpricedI don't recommend, it first the music wasn't good, the drinks were overly overpriced even by Las Vegas standards, and the security is rude. Definitely this was a one time visit.
4	Went to Eve on a Sat.  Earlier in the day we had stopped in Beso and put ourselves on the free guestlist.  The line wasn't too bad.  The club itself has a nice view of the City Center.  Drinks are overpriced.  Place is rather small.  No seating unless you buy bottle service.  DJ played all the right dance songs.
1	good size dnace floor but crowd was not impressive at all. techno music most of the night. (fri) dj ikonic. drinks were pricey and dinky! the shot they gave was in a plastic dixie-like cup! $16!would not go again!
2	This place was very small and almost impossibly dark.The music was terrible... whether people want to call jungle music dance music now... an apple is an apple... now this place twists latin music with jungle music beats... not good at all.Filled with old people around 45 and up and not good looking... not for the younger crowd looking to partyDrink Price Alert;The place charges $18 a shot at the start of the night and raises the price as the night goes on  =/  Can go up easily to $20 a shot haha  sucks! I wouldn't recommend this place at all....Guest list Warning!!If you get put on the guest list by a VIP host... make sure she gives you a print out confirmation because the door man will deny you access even when you are on the list.... this is soo stupid... I had to bring a print out and they still tried to deny me... i expect this club will be shut down in 1 year  =)
2	This place was totally medium. On the positive side, we didn't have to wait (there was essentially no line to get in whereas the club in Aria, Haze, had like a million hour wait and was charging $40 to get in if you were traveling with guys, which I was). When we got through they asked for $20 for girls and $30 for guys. We esentially said "Um... how about for free or we leave?" and they let everyone (even the ones with wieners) in for free. We start dancing... I'm starting to think I have lost my touch and become a terrible dancer. Then it occurs to me that it is not me, but the awful music. A sigh of relief. There was also something awkward about this place... maybe not enough people? Maybe the people were creepy? I couldn't put my finger on it, but was not impressed.
3	Eh, this place was alright.  Came here because we couldn't get into Haze.The wait wasn't that long, they tried to make us pay a cover but our friend was able to just talk us into getting in for free.The dance floor was TINY.  There were a lot of douchy guys in the place as well.  Totally was not feeling the crowd.  It was a lot on the older end as well.The music was also a mixed bag, they'd play really good Top 40s remixes music for a while then switch over to old school slloowww hip hop, can't really dance to that, terrible.We didn't stay for long, probably only for about an hour or two until we left.The drinks weren't all that great and, as most places, were pretty pricey.
1	So i came here because i was sick from all the people at Haze and this was the exact opposite. There were about 30 people in there. I mean I was cold in March. Drinks were outragious. I mean 9 dollars for a 12 ounce Beer. no feel for the place and the way the small awkward crowds came in and gathered reminded me of a high school dance. Its possible i went on a bad night seeing how everyone else gave it good ratings but it was a Saturday. Talked a bit to the door guy and he blamed it on the attraction at Haze.
2	We had the cool opportunity for VIP admission into what was described as one of the hottest clubs in Las Vegas.  I heard it on Extra...and that should have first clued me into the validity of that statement.  We got there a little after 1030...maybe closer to 11pm, and there already appeared to be a crowd around the ropes, and no sign of a line.  We eventually made our way to a bouncer/security guy of sorts that checked his list...and in we went.The club was already pounding with music...and I literally mean pounding.  It didn't seem crowded yet, at least not on the dance floor.  But as we made our way to the back end of the club towards one of the VIP sections...now that area was pretty tight.The waitresses were pretty, nice, and very attentive.  Then again, we were in the VIP section.  The seats were comfortable and perfect to bounce off the vibration of the speakers from the dancefloor.  There were large flat screens above the dancefloor projecting images from either some music videos, random videos, and they even have some kind of text line where you can send text messages too and it will be displayed on one of the screens.  The dance floor can be considered kind of small but it wasn't crowded, well, at least for this Wednesday night.  The club itself felt pretty trendy and the bathrooms, at least the women's bathroom were very well lit.  I would assume for ensuring the proper make-up touches.  It was also very clean.So here's the dish....the music was decent to lame.  More lame though, as they played more songs from when I was in highschool (we're talking double digits now), and the DJ was pretty vulgar.  Even in New York you hear more music than F-bombs from the DJ.  Sure the dancefloor wasn't too crowded but when it did feel congested was when one of the staff guys kept mopping up the dancefloor (literally) due to all the spilled drinks, ice, and straw all over the floor.  I guess you gotta give it to them in keeping the dancefloor clean and free from slippery obstructions.Would I go back again....probably not.  Unless it was a similar free admission/VIP type thing then sure.  But really, not on my own accord.  And the drawback really was all about the DJ.
5	I don't know about you, but I'm so over the overcrowded-can't-even-get-a-drink (or get drunk for that matter) night club scene that Vegas usually offers!  So I decided to try a new spot other than those clubs in Caesar's Palace, Venetian, Palazzo... you get the idea.  City Center, although not fully established, holds a strong visual presence both inside and out!It was my birthday so, before entering the club, my friends and I dined at Beso, the restaurant connected (downstairs) to Eve.  The Sangrias are awesome and the Blueberry Zoo cocktail is possibly the BEST and yummiest cocktail I have ever drank!  The food is also yummy too!  (See my review for the restaurant - Beso).When we were finished with dinner, we walked up the stairs to Eve.  I was blown away my the classy, yet modern decor.  There was a large glowing white chandelier above the bar, and huge screens encircling the dance floor.  The music was awesome and the panoramic view of the city center towers and fountain was beautiful!  The club definitely evokes all senses (if you have any left after multiple shots of vodka).  Another thing I loved about this club was the speedy bar service (essential to a fun time), room to dance AND no dreaded long lines to the ladies bathroom!As far as bottle service for this club... I didn't see one table in the house that would be considered a "bad" table.  If there wasn't a table that was right in the action, it was right near the large picture windows overlooking the fountains (for something a little more private), plus you get your own security guard to make sure no one steals your stuff or your drinks while you're busy partying!The valet is super close, which makes for an easier departure, especially with inebriated friends in tow.All-in-all this club deserved 5 stars for the type of club they are (classy in all visual aspects and the types of people they attract), service, and quality.
3	What's up with all the night clubs there being really small nowadays? This club is the same way. Small and everyone is crunched up together. The drinks were way expensive. The music was good and the DJ likes playing a lot of old school songs. During the time we were there, out of nowhere there was a group of performers who were wearing spandex and leotards perform this exercise routine and then they threw boxers down on the crowd. That was weird. Club didn't impress me. I've been to better ones.
4	I spent Saturday night dancing the night away at Eve the Nightclub.  This is another venture of Eve Longoria and for me I enjoyed it much more that her restaurant Beso. The  8,500-square-foot nightclub features expansive mirrored windows offering sweeping nighttime views of CityCenter's striking architecture. Fifty-foot-tall arched ceilings and lavish VIP booths frame the club, and one-of-a kind colossal video screens surround the dance floor.  The night I was there Holly Masdison and her posse stopped in.  I understand that she and Eve and Tony host a lot of events here.
4	We came across this club by accident by a promoter that was giving out wristbands.  We decided to try it out and ended up loving it!  No it isn't as huge as Pure or Tryst but since we are all from Austin, it was just our kind of spot and atmosphere.  The music was great!!  Didn't know it could get as good as the DJ at Pure! :)  Yes, there was a lot of "old school", but the good old school!!  It made it fun and made you 'take it back'!  We all loved it!
3	3 stars on average. the guy at the door let me in free for my b-day and he was nice!we were wandering around at about 1 in the morning lookin for someplace to go and stumbled upon the citycenter entrance for Beso and Eve. I heard it was Eva Longoria's club?  but i never thought to consider it cuz once me and my friend heard "Eva Longoria" we were skeptical about a desperate house wife/celeb AND celeb-endorsed clubs in vegas usually aren't as great as they claim to be.it actually wasn't bad! it was pretty nice, like a previous post said it's typical Vegas lounge/club, not too big but it was poppin when we went. round dancefloor, dancers along the sides, huge window but only VIP/bottle service was seated against the window. Way hot, and saw a few people smoking on the dancefloor and started to smell weed, so might've been high for a lil bit.Odd crowd, i dunno...i wanna say people weren't great looking but i just felt like something wasn't right, there were lots of people kinda just standing in the middle of the dancefloor not doing anything and the DJ had friends who were casually dressed wandering around the club and jumpin over seats, talking to bouncers, runnin back and forth between VIP and then sitting back behind the booth, i found that to be a bit unprofessional seeing as how ladies take hours to look their best and then you got guys who look like they just weren't doing anything at home and decided to meet up w/ their DJ friend.slightly unrelated:Music could've been better seeing as how we just came from Moon at the Palms and they played the EXACT SAME club mix. We actually heard the same mix in 3 other clubs that night, i swear its like once one DJ finishes playing his mix, he jumps on the laptop and e-mails it to the other DJ at another club to play.all in all, not bad, would go back if couldn't find anything better.
3	As with any Vegas nightclub you can expect drinks to cost you an arm and a leg.. Average cost for mixed drinks/shots was $15-$18 and soda/water $7+... Not too happy with having to empty my or my date's wallet.. The venue is pretty small and they have black velour covered booths all along the wall with a sad excuse of a VIP area tucked in the corner behind the DJ booth. The music was pretty good but the transitions between songs were ridiculous and some of his selections gave me the "wtf how do I dance to this?" reaction. Soulja Boy was performing the night I attended but he didn't start til around 1am or so and had to leave promptly because he is underage (haha!). It was super hot inside the club and their coat check is $8 or something around that if you don't feel like carrying anything with you. The bouncers can be pretty aggressive and taking your shoes off (even in a lonely corner) is strictly prohibited! So ladies be cautious of wearing those sky highs to the club because if you are hurtin by the end of the night that's just too bad.. Those puppies are gonna have to suffer until you leave! Don't think I'll be returning here again but I do recommend Haze which is close by inside the Aria hotel!
2	Small place. Smaller than other places. The view is nice. They have big widows. Drinks are expensive (what else is new). The music---Sucked. They need a better DJ !! I have experienced better DJs at a clothing store. The songs that they played were whacked. It totally killed the vibe.
3	Stumbled (literally) upon this place at about midnight on a Friday back in January (club was still pretty new then), when a promoter on the street gave us free passes.  We had no other destination in mind, so we decided to give it a shot.  Virtually no line to get in (sweet!) and the decor inside was really cool... huge chandelier, mirrors and windows that make the place look bigger than it actually is.  But really it's just... tiny, especially the dance floor, which means no escape route from creepy guys (and there seemed to be a lot of them the night we were there).  Music was ok... as other reviewers have mentioned it was really a mixed bag, switching from current hits to old school.  I know it's Vegas but... why the expensive drinks for a lesser-known (and small) club?I know it's Vegas but... NONE of these comfy-looking couches are being used, and you won't let me sit down for a minute?  Sadly my buzz started wearing off and I started to get reeeeeally bored here.
5	My friends and I had an amazing time here!!! We got wrist bands from a promoter before we went into Haze. Haze was fun but we got curious so left and came here. It was around 1 am (i think) on Saturday and the dance floor wasn't too crowded. We all had a great time dancing amongst ourselves and people were a lot of fun! The bouncer let us sit at one of the tables (super rare unless you have bottle service) and the bartenders were really nice!!! I would highly recommend it!!
5	So glad we decided to come here!! Of course me and friends got in free, we're hot tall blondes...we were invited into a booth and sipped(who am I kidding) chugged grey goose all night...Had a blast Chris Lane you rock! Thanks for everything. We also were there when Kris Jenner made her appearance, kinda shocked the mom does club appearances but whatever, FUN TIMES!!
3	This place was cool, but it wasnt anything too special for me.  I expected it to be a lot bigger, but I still had fun nonetheless. The City Center was beautiful...I LOVED the entrance, especially the outside walls with water falling from them. While outside, we also saw Paris Hilton, along with her sister Nikki. WOO-HOO made my trip! SIKE!!!Anywho, we had bottle service, so it was cool to have a table right by the dance floor.  We also had our own server making our drinks! She was very attentive and it was Definitely a plus!The dance floor had a bunch of screens around it playing videos, which was cool..the music was pretty good too...mainly hip hop and top 40 when we went.  Its not as mainstream as the other clubs in Vegas like Tao and Pure, but its a good place to chill and still have some fun without dealing with the long lines, and chaos.
4	Not bad a bit crowded The music is alright and the gogo's are alrightPretty good club IMO I would go back when I'm bored
2	Eve is very pretty and I like the set up.  I would consider it more of a lounge like Blush then a club.  Although at least at Blush you can sit without VIP.  They played decent music and I like the video screens.   It didn't impress me enough to make me want to go back though.
5	I seriously wasn't going to write a review because I didn't want this place to get too popular. I love this place!!! Typically I go to Tao, but this is a great venue!  DJs were damn good when I went a few Saturdays. Plus great dance space and the AC was on, so you didn't feel all sweaty & you were able to preserve your make up well. We went to dinner at Beso & took the elevator up to the club! Staff was great. This was the first club I have been to in awhile that has a decent (not out of control) crowd, great music & vibe and I didn't want to leave. Unfortunately we had to leave to a BD party at Surrender at the Encore. BUT I would have rather stayed at Eve!
2	What a let down!!!!!!!  If you've been to Las Vegas recently, then you know that the Aria is the newest hotel on the strip (middle of the strip I might add) and it's definitely gorgeous and luxurious.    But wow, this place was definitely a let down.  I read in a previous review that the tables are spacious, and that's completely right,  this place is like 50% vip/bottle service, whats up with that?  Regardless, this place is pretty small, I was actually REALLY surprised at how small it was.The next let down was the crowd, there was a group of moms in mom clothing...not even cougars or milfs, just regular old moms.... wtf?  let's have some standards.  At least the creepy old men that come to these things buy drinks and waste a huge amount of money on girls, what are the soccer moms doing here...Anyways, this place really was a let down, not that many attractive girls, and the crowd seemed a little bit older than say XS or TAO.  All in all, we should of went straight to XS, where there were lJDFKL:AJFKL:DJFKL:DSJFKSD so many hot girls.  Oh well, at least now we know.Oh and 3 drinks = $54 no tip... yay vegas pricing.  PREGAME.One redeeming quality about this place was one of the gogos was insanely hot and definitely "worked it."Steer clear.  Just go to XS, and pay the ridiculous cover, you'll be glad you did, because XS is ridiculous.
1	I was excited to come here, especially since it was in the City Center at the Aria Hotel. Our friend Cassie had a friend that was promoting this club that night and so he got all the girls in for free and the guys had to pay $10, which is definitely a deal. When we got in, we had our pictures taken and then proceeded to the bar to get drinks. They were pricey! $14 for a fuzzy navel and $12 for a Heineken!! (I thought that was over the top, especially for this club, but what could you do? I would say drink a lot before and then get a drink or 2 here) The place was nicely decorated, and there were VIP/Bottle Service seats all around. My group stayed behind the bar in one of the corners (we had a group of 17) so we needed space. The music was ALL trance-like. The DJ would trick us with playing out a good song for like 3-5 seconds and then mess it up and play more trance. It was cool at first, but then it got old and we wanted more of a variety. Some of the girls feet were hurting so we sat down and then got told we couldn't sit down because it was reserved for bottle service. I thought that was stupid because NO one was sitting there, and it wasn't like we were making a mess. I could understand if the table was reserved, but it wasn't and there were tons of other tables around. Then I took my heels off and was told i had to have shoes on. So basically everyone pretty much stood around.Overall, drinks were pricey, place was small and too strict on everything, music could be better, and seemed like it was more for the older crowd.
4	Went here on a Weds. It was 4 guys and 2 girls, but the promoter guy got us in all for free, that was nice. place was cool. Semi small, but it wasn't packed that night, so it was nice.
4	I really really like this club. It's not as awe-inspiring as XS, but for a smaller club, it's excellent. I love the decor, it's very feminine. A big surprise was you could actually see in the bathroom, it was all white and well lit. I appreciated that a lot. The dj was amazing when I was there. I will definitely be returning, but probably with a group of all girls...the guys in our group didn't seem to enjoy it as much as the girls.
3	Eve is a good club that is banging house music all night. The dance floor is not "ginormous" but its enough to allow the good looking people space to dance and mingle. I would go back to Eve the next time I go to Vegas.
3	I expected to be blown away, because I had heard a ton of good things about the new City Center but Eve was just meh...Cons:- hot go-go dancers- we got hooked up by our limo driver (THANKS LEO!!!)- music was good...would have liked a little more Top 40- beautiful spacePros:- no where to sit! (I tried to adjust my shoe at a EMPTY vip booth and was immediately swarmed by 4 bouncers saying I couldn't sit there....chill buddy...just fixing the strap on my shoe.)- ordered two shots of Patron ($36 bucks) and a Hurricane ($15)...I was expecting the price, but the Patron seemed a little watered down and the Hurricane didn't even have 151 in it....for $15, I expected at least a shot.- pretty small dance floor, seemed like there was more VIP seating than dance floor.All in all, wasn't a horrible place and I enjoyed myself, probably just won't be my first pick from now on.
5	OMG! Today is Wednesday and the Eve is going off. Lots of short black dresses and lots of guys in suites trying to get in the door!
1	Came here and stayed for about an hour. It was small. Grey Goose and Cranberry were $16. I got 5, totaled $80. I tipped $8 because he made the drinks strong. Fast forward to Tuesday. I check my cc statement and I see a $100 charge. I warned my bf about this who also checked his account, which he never does. Apparently, he tipped them $10 for $34 worth of drinks. Since I went with a big group, I am warning everyone. This is the first time something like this has happened to me so my cc company said they will just credit me but what kind of shady business does something like this? CHECK YOUR CC ACCOUNT IF YOU SPENT MONEY HERE.
2	What the heck? Are you kidding me?This place is teensy tiny. You walk up the stairs, to the left there's a dancefloor the size of my living room with a disco ball hanging and various tables surrounding it. To the right there's a circular bar with other tables surrounding that. Then there's a bathroom... that's it.No balcony?? No view?? No theme?! Okay.. just some go-go dancers and a disco ball?Plus the music was some hip-hop/rap that you can't even dance to.We only came here to get passes to TAO, as our promoter told us he would only give it to us after visiting Eve. Plus, the girls got in free but the boys paid $20 each. NOT WORTH IT!Who cares if this is Eva Longoria's club? That's probably the only reason there are people in it. Terrible.
3	Eve is on the small-side when it comes to nightclubs. It's more of an intimate setting (more tables/seating) and their dance floor is pretty small. At each end of the dance floor are podiums (two total) that their girls dance on and then they rope the dance floor off to keep it separate.My friends and I went on a Friday night and got VIP access because we knew somebody who knew somebody. But it didn't matter anyway. Girls got in free and it was $10 for guys, pretty cheap cover charge. Unfortunately, they let just about ANYONE in. We saw at least 10 people over the age of 50 (not cougars or MILFS, just straight up old). It kind of ruined the fun, trying to dance and not crack someone's hip by accidentally dancing into them.The really bad part was how pricey the drinks were and how bad the DJ was. Granted, we are in Vegas, but $15 for a really weak Cap'n & Coke is highway robbery. The DJ either didn't know how to spin or he was just not even trying. You know it's bad when the DJ switches songs and everyone stops and stands around until the next song comes in. Bad.Overall, the nightclub wouldn't be bad for those looking to just dance with their significant others. Groups are harder, we had a group of ... 13 and already took up half the dance floor. But if you're really into the partying scene, skip this place. Or, pre-game like maaaaad so that you just don't care anymore. Then come to Eve!
3	Came here on a Friday night, small club- cute set up.  We were out here for a bachelorette party so we had a comp bottle and sitting area behind the dance floor.  Our waitress was very helpful.  All the workers are very friendly and they made sure our cups were never empty.  If you don't like the big crowded club scene in vegas, this is a nice spot to check out for good music.
4	I liked the white chandelier hanging above the bar and they maybe have the hottest go-go dancers I've seen in a long time.  The ambiance was nice and the decor was modern and trendy which I liked a lot.  Though this place isn't huge, the atmosphere is nice for a low key night out with close friends.
3	I came here on a Thrusday night.  Wanted to check this place out because I had heard so much about this new club.  Lots of pretty ladies on a Thursday night.  The club itself is beautiful with a bar right next door.  People and the bouncers are also pretty nice.  Pretty go go dancers at the club.  The music is really loud at the club, and they did not play much hip pop or R and B that night.  It was more techno and I was just not into techno, plenty of room to dance that night because not many people were dancing to techno...But the dance floor itself is really small not like the Lax at the luxor.  So although it was pretty and nice it was not my favorite club.  If you like to dance then you might not like going here when it is crowded.  Otherwise it is a beautiful place to hang out and to grab a drink.  Very pretty hotel.
2	Is this really owned by Eva Longoria?  Cuz I'm a little disappointed...We came 20 deep and got in free thanks to our host.  Upon entering, the place was EMPTY at 11:30, which is okay, since I know Vegas starts the party just a tad later.  It took at least an hour for the place to fill up, and it did in a sudden wave of party goers... OLDER party goers.  Maybe it was the night we went, but everyone there looked 35+ to me, which isn't that much older, but they are a different breed of party.The girls each got a glass of complimentary rose champagne, and we were supposed to have a seating area w/ how the host described it to us, but apparently not.  We were asked to get up from all of the vacant seating areas, even when the club was dead-empty.  We decided to stay for a tad longer and give it another chance to fill up... and it did.Since we decided to start the night off here, I attempted dancing with my boyfriend on the tiny crowded dance floor to the techno beats they were blastin'.  Suddenly, we found ourselves being pushed and shoved by this 35+ couple that started the party a little TOO early and was sloppily dancing with reckless abandon.  I tried to ignore it, but the bf stopped all dancing and had that look in his face... ...THANK GOODNESS for a competent security staff at least.  One from across the room spotted the look the bf had on his face while I was trying to dance it off, and he took him to the side and told him if the man continued to step all over our toes/push and shove any more, he would kick them out.  The boyfriend laughed that his disdain for the man was that apparent from across the dark room, and told the security guard he was a good man.  10 minutes later, the sloppy couple was escorted outside, and we remained for another hour before moving onto the next club for the night,Decor is alright for a small space, but I was really expecting more for something owned by a celebrity.  Eva Longoria, I love you, but this club does not live up to your name.
3	The place is small and cute. Downside only one bar and the restroom is icky. The music was cool.
1	This club sucks!! The music is really bad!!  There is nowhere to sit!!! Unless u pay from$500-$25,000 for bottle service. The club was such a bad experience that it soured our whole night!!!
4	My friends and I decided to check this club out for the first time, as the first guests who entered the club.  This place is definitely somewhere to go if you want to go somewhere "chill" with a group of friends.  There is one bar, and a small dancefloor.  It was a Friday night, and the music they played was hip hop and chart toppers, which completed my liking of the atmosphere.
2	Its soooo small in here that your body literally vibrates with the music even if you're at a table & not on the dance floor!  It is the smallest "nightclub" I've been to on the strip & there was not very many people in there either time I went.  I'm a local here & I would absolutely only go here with a comped bottle & table (which I did, both times I was there & still didn't like it), other than that i'd be at a bigger nightclub!  Not sure how much drinks & prices are to get in, but the other bars/nightclub in city center are pretty pricy, but you should expect that going to a nightclub or bar on the strip.
2	Hmmm as anti-club as I am once in a while I will go. I usually don't have fun so I never have high expectations, but this place sucked more than most. The club is super tiny, the go-go dancers were literally just standing around doing joke dances for 12 seconds laughing then standing around again, not even swaying to the shitty music. $10 bucks a beer is usual for a club and it was fairly cold. I was so unimpressed I left shortly after midnight even tho I arrived at 11. Lame music, lame dancers, no hot guys, cute chandelier though.
2	Stopped by after being persuaded by a promoter on the street. Didn't stay for long. Older crowd. Sausage-fest.
3	There was no wait, no cover for girls, and only $10 for dudes. In Vegas, that's pretty much as good as it gets. Since there was no wait, I was worried that it would be empty, but it was comfortably packed when we entered. Lots of good looking folks, I must say. Definitely a diverse crowd. The go-go dancers were of color, which seems to be a rarity in nightclubs. So the place is small, relative to the clubs you always hear about on the Strip. It's actually pretty nice, with lots of lights flashing on the dance floor and TV screens. The VIP areas surround the dance floor so all the ballers can scope out their next golddigger to grind up on. Music wasn't nothin special, but I was happy to dance to it. Had a decent time, but didn't stay for long... Once your party people start snorting stuff in a bathroom stall, you know it's time to bounce.
3	After Marquee had closed its guest list and all seemed doomed for a good time, Eve came to the rescue! One of the bouncers spotted my girls and me and greeted us and asked us if we wanted to go in the club for free. It seemed they were in need of people to fill the club. He even let my friend's boyfriend in for free! WOW! Good timing! It's a rarity to see free cover (unless you are on the guest list or VIP), especially for guys!The club was small, not too packed, but had a good ambiance. Everyone on the dance floor was friendly...some too friendly...and the music was bumping up a mix of House, pop, R&B and Hip Hop/Rap. There were TVs on top of the dance floor that passed the music video to that song currently playing. Not too bad for a good time, but it's mostly an older crowd scene.
3	is eva longoria really the owner of eve? that's what i heard.someone needs to tell her that go-go dancers are supposed to DANCE and not do the two step while looking like they don't want to be there -_-  i also thought it was a little weird that we got three different prices for a bottle of goose.  they need to get their prices right.aside of the bad entertainment and shotty bottle prices, i did enjoy this club.  music was pretty good, it's a good size, there are a good amount of tables, dance floor has a good amount of room, bathrooms are clean, and the service was friendly.  my friends and i had a table which was close to the dance floor...easy access to the dance floor is always a must.  in the table in front of us some football player had some kind of party.  fun times.  and about an hour before we left, they announced that the jabbawockeez  were in the house (i swear i didn't see them though).  in conclusion, even though my friends and i were probably 6 out of 10 asians in there, i had a really good time.  because after all, it's not supposed to matter where you are, but rather, who you're with right? :)
3	Cute little club, it's such a shame that, being so pretty and being at such a strategic location, Eve doesn't attract more people.I guess bad promoting?I don't know.Either way- came in on a Friday night.There wasn't too many people, and it was an older crowd.But we had fun anyways, the dance floor is perfectly ventilated, and there's nice screens with videos playing.The DJ had his ups and downs.At one point in the night, he started playing a terrible song, and we all walked out of the dance floor until there was no one left. He changed it right away. Good job to us!
3	Was pretty cool I guess...until a girl I was with turned lame and tried starting a fight. The club itself was nice but the "buy 1 get 1 free" bottle service turned out to be $550?? And our "host" guy kind of sucked and was definitely not as attentive as promised.  it's inside a beautiful hotel though!
4	Cover is free - $20 for girls depending on if its a holiday or celebrity appearance $30 for guysI went for Fourth of July and Busta Ryhmes was there we were like the first in there so it was all good we got a drink at the bar(HIGH BUT it is vegas) and hung out for a minute and then it just all of a sudden started getting packed...I see huge potential for this place with the right promotion going on bc the music isnt anywhere else since they took Poetry away (sad face)There was some hip hop, dance, pop, house and rap... i liked it.....I saw some people with bottle service living it up and me n my friend had a blast.... Overall i would go back as long as i know its still opened ;)
2	This isn't really a fair review since I was here for a work event at 7P, but I'll just go along with the crowd and say that this place is undersized, understaffed, and underwhelming.
5	Mmmmk I have no0o0o idea what anyone who is crazy enough to give this place anything less than 5 stars! Maybe it was the night i went (bottle service VIP all day baby) but the music was on POINT!!!! mostly good west coast hip hop and old school music you can dance to for HOURS!! the bathroom is pretty and clean, the drinks are strong and the staff was cool with me... but I really feel in love with the DJ's choice of music! Less techno (which i hate) and all ass poppin beats (which I Lo0o0oVe)!! Haze has nothing on this place, it is a lot smaller, but the crowd was hot but baby i was HOTTER!!! lol!
5	Was here for Saturday April 16th and it was a blast! The staff was very attentive and the drinks were strong and fairly priced. I'm going back to Eve as much as I can and can't wait to tell my friends about the best spot to dance in town. It is a smaller club with a more intimate atmosphere, which is what I like. I hate going to the big clubs and waiting in line for hours just to get into a dance floor that is so packed you can barely move. If you're looking to dance and have a good time, this is the spot. If you're looking for a huge party where you're constantly bumped into by drunks, this is not the place. :) I was extremely satisfied!!!
3	I was not a fan. People who were here were very pretentious. It's not worth it.
3	Well, the club is definitely petite- just like Eva herself, but it was almost half empty the night I went. Granted it was around 2am, but you'd still think there would be a good amount of people there on a Friday night. Kinda sad because it is a really nice looking club. It think it's cuz the way its placed kind of away and hidden from any real foot traffic from the strip. I definitely think if you moved this venue to LA it would fare much better. In Vegas I think most people would much rather do it BIG and have room to roam in an outdoor setting (i.e. like XS) than be confined to walking around in a small space with no outdoor features. Sorry Eve =\
1	Got free drink wristbands for the girls and free admission.  Our guys got in for $20.  Not bad for Vegas.  The music was perfect.  A mix of today's hits and 90's hip hop and r&b.  Not too crowded but the free drinks were anything with Skky Vodka.  Yuck.  We didn't drink any.  The reason for the 1 star is because my friend and her husband got kicked out for no apparent reason.  They were not too intoxicated.  They were having a "discussion" with no raised voices and when they were approached by the henchmen, she clearly told them they were married so they were fine. (He wasn't a stranger trying to hit on her).  But they said he had to go and two guys grabbed him and took him out.  She tried to go after him and a big dude grabbed her HARD and took her out too.  I had no idea anything had happened.  We were just dancing and having a good time and then the drama.  Bottom line:  goons with big egos and a chip on their shoulder looking to create some excitement for themselves.
3	I don't know about the cover. I don't think there's one for local girls? Not sure. Anywho, this place is okay for what it is. It's kind of small though.The decor is nice, drinks and music are good and they make it rain! Wouldn't be my first choice, but not too bad.
4	A high-end shopping mall is an unlikely place for a nightclub, but that's exactly where you'll find Eve. There aren't too many clubs open on a Wednesday night, but this was one of them, and the proximity of the club to my hotel was a huge bonus for my friend and I.We got on the guestlist, but it honestly wasn't that necessary as there was absolutely no line to get in. That's usually a dead giveaway, especially in Vegas, so we were a lil apprehensive as we went inside.We got complimentary admission and a free drink (although when I went back for a second, this time it was $14). The Long Island we had was pure alcohol: we had to go back to ask the bartender to add more coke in it. This particular bartender was also cool enough to give us a free bottle of water when all we had asked for was a glass. I suppose the club is small by Vegas standards, but to us Vancouver chicks, it's your typical nightclub. Nice decor, a single bar at the back, and roped off booths for bottle service. The restroom was very small, and it had crazy dim, pink lighting which makes it kind of hard to see (but it hides all your flaws!) Despite the small size, it's stocked with hair products for last minute fixes and mints and lollipops.The music was awesome: a mix of hip hop, top 40, and 90s music. My friend and I danced our asses off and would've danced till closing if not for our early start the next morning. The club was nowhere near full, which is a shame because it was probably one of the best clubbing experiences I have had yet; people are definitely missing out if they skip this club.I loved the guy whose sole job was to patrol the dancefloor for spilled drinks or garbage. As someone who has slipped or stepped in liquid on the dancefloor, I truly appreciated his efforts. It seems like the club is desperate for patrons: if you check out their Facebook page, they'll often have last minute perks such as free admission for you and 3 guests, free drink offers or chances to win bottle service.If you're staying at Bellagio, Vdara, Aria, or Monte Carlo, the tram that travels between these hotels makes getting there a snap. The tram runs until 4 am daily.If Eve can get more patrons in the club, it will without a doubt become a 5 star nightclub in Vegas.
2	Eve was so weak my first night in vegas ;( there was mostly asians in there and the music was horrible. The only thing is me and my girls went to beso which is connected to eve. we got a free meal and drinks and walked right into eve but I just wasn't feeling it plus it wasn't a lot people in there anyways don't care for this club at all and was disappointed since its in the Aria hotel in there upscale mall but this club was small and not poppin!! Sorry wasn't cool at all.
2	This was sad sad place. Even being the weekend the place didn't have many patrons. Maybe it was one of those off weekends but since were told that we are on the guest list and thus won't have to pay any cover so we said why not. Went in and saw some go go dancers but that just about it. We had a beer and after  that bolted out of there in less than 30 minutes.
3	This club is beautifully designed but the concept is rather poorly executed. We got in free, the staff was friendly, and there was an open champagne bar the night we went. It was slow so there was open seating. We hung out at a table for a bit and the music was good; however, it was so quiet, we soon got bored and ended up leaving. Wish it had been a bit more lively; we would have stayed longer.
1	Um I absolutely hate it here!I've been to this club twice and each time has sucked!1st experience:The first time I came here was on a friday night in the summer of 2010.  A promoter stopped us as we were walking on the strip and told us that he would get us in for free and make sure we didnt stand in any lines. We went and boy did we regret it. It was so empty, the music sucked, the set is very weird and the club is very small for a Vegas club.. They had this big fan running from the ceiling that is supposed to keep the air circulating in the place once the party really started but IT NEVER GOT HOT because nobody showed up!!! So, we were just COLD!  We left disappointed.2nd experience:I went for a second time this past April. We were on our way to club Haze when a promoter lured us in with the "open bar and free entrance for ladies" spiel. We figured we would fill up on free drinks and then head over to HAZE. Apart of me hoped Eve would be different this time(I'm not really into club hopping) but this time was no better than the first!  There were a few more people but it still wasnt enough. Again, They had this big fan running like people were actually getting down on the dancefloor. It was COLD and WACK. I didn't leave too disappointed this go-round because 1. I was drunk and 2. I met a guy who lives in LA and we started dating for a couple of months!..awwwAnywho, don't waste your time in Vegas here!
1	Went here for NYE 2012. This was the most un-organized and disappointing event I have ever been to. Was with a bunch of good friends so our night wasn't ruined thank god. Only 1 open bar with 3 bartenders to service the entire club. No hors d'oeuvres nor a champagne toast as advertised. Couldn't pick up will call tickets until right before the event opened, so two ridiculous lines. I will be ringing my credit card company to reverse the charge, this was a complete scam.
1	Worst 2012 New Years Eve party ever!! I had prepaid online for my tickets $125 each for premium open bar all night. Once we arrived at the club in the city center, there were 2 lines we had to make. One for will-call to pick up our tickets, then another to enter the club which was ridiculously long. We called in advance to ask if they had a coat check, they told us they did so we brought our coats since Vegas is cold this time of year. When we finally got inside the club, there was no coat check. In trying to let that go and stuck with our jackets, we made our way to the only bar inside this club to order a drink. How are you going to have only 3 bartenders at the only bar in this place to tend to all these people with open bar tickets on New Years Eve?!??? It was a disaster. From 11 until after the countdown, I was waiting for a drink. At one point they even ran out of ice. The advertisement also said complimentary champagne for the countdown toast, that also didn't happen. I will never attend this venue for any event ever again. What a scam! Thanks Beso for a horrible New Years Eve party.
