5	Great food and wonderful atmosphere. Try the WOK SEARED LAMBLamb marinated with scallions and sesame. Served with cilantro over shredded lettuce. This was a surprise menu find. The service was prompt and very courteous, especially when the waiter dropped a plate of our leftovers on the floor. What I mean is he had the cooks make up a fresh order for our to go bag. Good stuff. Anywho, the place is polished, the staff is courteous and this place beats with the heart of Downtown Tempe. Stop off and share a plate of noodles on your way out to the scene!
4	I enjoy this restaurant every now and then. It's not spectacular, but good and the mix of college crowd and 30-somethings makes for an upbeat atmosphere.the lettuce wraps are a must, and i'm pretty sure most of the sauces are vegan-friendly, so for a "regular" type of restautant, those with restricted foods they can eat should have plenty of options here.there's lots of outside patio seating, which can be fun to people watch on Mill Ave. on a busy night, but i find it can be way too loud with those who like to show off their motorcycles (happens quite a bit on the weekends on this "strip") so be warned.there are also lots of trees, so be wary of getting bombed if you know what i mean. it's happend to me before, so i'ts something to think about if you're here on a first date!
4	Cool atmosphere.  Good food, a little pricey depending on what you order.  Clean dining area and bathroom.  Good service.  Parking on street.  This place is nice.  I like the outside seating option providing it's not 900 degrees out, but if it is, they have the misters which are refreshing/somewhat annoying.  I would recommend this place, seems worth the money.
3	Why?That's all I can really think. Why? Why do most people prefer generic chain restaurants over the local flair? Why is it that places like PF Chang's are considered "like, oh my god, sooo good!"? Why? I mean, the food is edible. It has flavor. The  menu offers variety. You get to eat your food in a comfortable setting with somebody waiting on you, refilling your glass, clearing the table... And then you get to go back to your ordinary lives.Ok, so maybe I'm being a little too hard on PF Chang's. I'm not the first person to diss chain restaurants. I'm not even the first to secretly admit to liking a few. I do. But, when given the option of exploring a local eatery that sells more than the "paint by numbers" entrees, I'll pick the original, exciting and off-the-beaten-path place 99.4% of the time.
3	I'm not surprised at how many people think this place is good.  It's really not.  It's like saying Olive Garden is good italian food.  Seriously.  It's okay.  The best thing about it, is that it's a chain and you know what you're going to get.I prefer and suggest Bamboo club over this place....or if you REALLY want Chang's, go to Pei Wei.  Same food, cheaper price.
1	I'm soooo glad to hear other people are surprised by the rave. PF Changs is AWFUL. Over-priced and truly disgusting. I have had one horrible experience after another. I will never return. So many other options that are less expensive and more appetizing.
3	I let my dad choose the lunch spot yesterday, and he chose PF Changs. It wasn't bad. The hostess was a total snot. We had veggie dumplings to start, and I am a little disappointed that they've changed them from 6 small dumplings to 4 large ones. The large ones just don't cook up the same way and were not nearly as good. Bummer. They have a few new things on the menu, one of them being Dali Chicken. I had this, and it was really tasty. Chicken stir fried with potatoes and red chiles....it's hard to screw that up! Surprisingly, this dish ended up being really spicy, which was a nice change from Chinese food posing as spicy when the peppers are really just for decoration. Dad ordered the ginger chicken. It was good too, but it sure wasn't anything special. Bottom line: There isn't anything here that you couldn't find in a Martin Yan cookbook and make 10x better, and cheaper.
1	I once got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it.There were two ways to interpret this:1) I had no fortune (true at the time)or2) "Nothing"....in bed (also true at the time).
3	Gave Chang's another chance this week, and this time the service was much better. Quite friendly and efficient, as a matter of fact. Shared the Salt and Pepper Prawns and Shrimp Fried Rice, and both were delicious. I've always liked their food. No, it's not the greatest or most original Asian food around, but it's pretty good. It's the service that I've struggled with - but if they're able to maintain the level they displayed the other day, I will definitely continue to grace their restaurant with my presence. Ha!Oh, also told our waiter about my fortune-less fortune cookie on my last visit, and he apologized profusely, said they got a bad batch last month in which one out of every three cookies was empty. The problem had been resolved, he assured me, and sure enough this time I got a fortune. Not a very good one, something about me having a deep appreciation of the arts and music (Well, duh), but hey, it was a fortune. Sort of. Ok, not really. But it was a saying on a little piece of paper, which was all I really wanted..
4	I have to say that I actually liked this location.  It is much better than the Chandler one because it was upbeat and the food, if possible, seemed better.  The service is a little slow, though.   It was a good place to kick back with the co-workers.
5	Went here with my mom on Christmas Eve, and I really liked my experience here.  Resturant was clean and well decorated, and this was my first experience with PF Changs.  We had made a reservation for the two of us, but showed up early.  I really liked how they validated our parking out at the garage for a whole 2.5 hours!  Yay!  I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, and egg drop soup.  Tasty!  Service here was excellent.  I loved our server, who was friendly, marvelous, and educated on the menu.  I would go here again in a heartbeat.  loved it!  I do think this place is a little overrated in some senses, as  some kind of local Phoenix hotspot, but for what its worth, I did enjoy my time here.
2	Yet another place that people seemed to be duped into going to. Why do people think expensive=good. Are they all morons? Nothing about this establishment is good. The food is not made fresh on location and the service is just okay. Please look elsewhere for chinese food.
2	Talk about the ultimate chinese torture: arriving with the crowds at 6pm with a party of 10 on one of the busiest weekends of the year: automatic 90 minute wait.   Freezing outside (unnaturally so) for Phoenix, and the door opening every 3 seconds with people sqeezing in/out.  Family wants to stay because of course every other place on any sort of main strip is going to be the same wait.  Finally sit: waiter looks 13 and wet behind the ears, seems to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown (running frantically, cursing under his breath), stops by after 10 minutes to let us know "I will help you later, Im busy," meanwhile the kids have already eaten at Krispy Creame across the street or else they would be pissing all over the table, no room to even get out of your table except to go all the way to the back of the place since its packed so tight with people.  3 hours later, finishing up, no time or room for desert with mega-sized fried portions, escaping back out in the cold to go home and feel ill.  Is this worth the 300$ bill?  Is this what we call entertainment and family time?  At least the orange peel chicken was excellent, but after starving that long anything would taste like fried manna.
3	If you are looking for a great place to celebrate a birthday or you have a big group, this place is awesome. You totally can order family style and the service is on point. Also, it is out of the ordinary.However, it would not be my first choice for Chinese food. Do not get me wrong it taste good, but it is too Americanized. I rather get my Chinese food greasy and salty.If you save room for dessert, you should definitely taste the Banana Spring Rolls. They are delicious.
3	I was in Phoenix on a business trip with 3 fellow workers and we were checking out the Tempe area since it was close to our hotel. We decided to eat here because one of our group has eat at one before and enjoyed it. We had a dear waitress that new how to flirt just enough with everyone for the good tip, very nice service! We ordered 4 orders of egg rolls for starters and they were the best I have ever eat. My wife is Asian so I know good egg rolls because hers is very very good too. I ordered the cashew and almonds chicken, I am sorry to say it was just very avarage.  Not very good chinese food other than the egg rolls.
1	Nothing was good here. My wife got beef and broccoli, the beef was NASTY. I got a spicy chicken dish, again, nasty. The prices are high, the food stinks... Screw this place.
2	Two words:  Painfully MediocreImagine your favorite and/or average Chinese food delivery place.Now divide the flavor in half.Now multiply the price by 3.Perfect, now find a place that isn't PF Chang's to eat tonight.Seriously though, you are paying for mediocre food in a "trendy" environment.  Trendy is another way of saying "long wait" and "stupid employees".  The Olive Garden : Italian food :: PF Chang's : Chinese food analogy doesn't even work here.  And I make fun of Olive Garden ALL the time.If you are really determined to get mediocre Chinese food, find a Pei Wei.  It's owned by the same family and is the same food but for less.  And if you're looking for a Pei Wei in Tempe, AZ, just go to Tott's Asian Diner.  It's in the same strip mall and it's way way better.
3	Very overpriced for the quality. Although P.F. Chang's does have a special place in my heart... it is nothing more than mediocre. Its a great place to go on special occassion if you want friendly service, but for much cheaper you can go to Pei Wei for basically half the price but for the same quality. (It's owned by the same family)
5	I had nothing but great service... food is excellent and now with the light rail I can actually enjoy a ride to Tempe, without the long ride there.  The best is the lettuce wraps, and to be honest with you, after I eat that, I don't even have to have dinner, just drinks...
2	I must be the only person in Phx never to eat here. Ok, so we did finally go before Phantom. Mixed reviews here.I love Peiwei so assumed I would love this place too.I did not.  I am at a crossroad as to give it a good review or a bad so I  will just say what happened noting what I liked an disliked about the experience.  We got here at around 4:45 which was good because by the time we left the place had a long wait and was packed. The first thing I did not like is the way it is set up. Tables all over the place with no spaces to walk in between. It was very odd. I found this very annoying and I am sure a nightmare for older or handicapped people. It seemed very weird for me to be banging into people's elbows as I walked by their tables. The service was very good at the start but died when they got busy. Although the manager here was great, printing out nutritional value menu for me and another waitress walked me to the bathroom. Our server was ok, seemed a little ditzy but was ok, not great just, OK. I ordered a wedge salad with chicken and got a wedge salad with no chicken. I ate it all before I realized it. (I know don't ask. I guess I was starving and the blood drained from my brain) I did not want the waitress to think I was trying to scam her. I pointed it out and said it was Ok since I did not point it out sooner and after all I did eat it all but just an FYI for the cook. She did not seem very concerned and I think this is a huge mistake for a place to make. They did not comp the bill the difference which I think they should have even though I said it was ok.( The salad was good but there was a three dollar difference in price) I worked in the restaurant business for years and comping the difference would  have been the very  least I would have done. I also thought that was a huge mistake on the part of the cook and server in an expensive place such as this. . Of course, I do take partial responsibility for not noticing it until it was to late and the food was good. The dressings make it. I had these awesome cucumbers too that tasted nice.  Again, it is their sauce. My friend had a noodle dish that was very tasty too. The service took along time to get the food to us though and the place was horribly noisy. Yikes! Two large parties sandwiched around us. One where children kept clinking knives on the glasses non stop and the other table had people clapping every minute about something or another. This was horrid! I like a quieter dining experience please.The last straw was when a couple with 2 very naughty kids sat down in back of us and I got wacked in the back of the head with the kid's paper that he kept flinging around and hitting his father with.A father that did not do one thing to discipline the kid.  Please if you are bringing out the kids leave if they are misbehaving. All in all the experience was not horrible but not great either. I might go back for lunch and try some more of their dishes. However, to be honest there are other good restaurants in town that are better suited to me. Since I love Peiwei i will eat there more often and skip this much pricier option.
4	We came here for lunch today and were seated and helped instantly. The lunch bowls are a great deal. You get rice, your choice of meat, and a side cup of soup for under $9. If you get a beverage it ends up being around $12 for your lunch which really isn't bad for a nice restaurant. Food was great as always and so was the service. I'll definitely be returning.
2	We usually like PF Changs but something about the orange chicken - we got another order, explained to one of the partner's Peter that it was too tomato based vs orange glaze - still wasn't right the 2nd time but we just took it home and put it in the fridge.  they didn't charge us for it and were gratious - oh well, just an of night I suppose.
1	GAH! Please, people! don't torture your poor defenseless taste-buds by shoveling this horribly tasteless food like product into your mouth holes. It is so cruel to send food over them without them being able to do what they love and long to do. Seriously, I've had finer dining at a $8 all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. The Mongolian beef is to die for... I'm going to die 'for I ever have to eat it again. It's not that it's just a smidge bland, I've had spicier Big Macs, it was that it was drowning in a pool of brownish blandy sauce. I had to pepper my Mongolian beef! DID YOU HEAR THAT? Genghis and Kublai are very disappointed. I think maybe even a tear or 2. And the plum sauce for the Moo Shu pork was gawdawful. Scrape it off!!! My tongue hurts. Now the orange chicken wasn't too bad and maybe even moderately okay. Now the service I had most recently, this one on Mill, (I've been to 2 different muthuh PFers just in case) was not all that great. The guy was a big stick but with a d instead of the st, ya get it? huh? huh? get it? But that's hit or miss at any chain.And then the bill! I haven't felt that violated since grade school. Same kind of bad taste but only money was taken this time. It's one thing to pay a moderate amount for good food with good atmosphere but this place is just Panda Express in trendy clothes. I should have gone to Taco Bell.
5	Once again PF Changs is great, sat out on the patio the weather was prefect outside and our server was great! It was great as always.
4	This would have been a 3 or 3.5 for good decor and nice tasting food, but the service at this particular location bumps it up to 4. Enthusiastic waitresses  (both times I went) who were very eager to share their thoughts & recommendations. The food and place were not what I expected. I had heard of PF Chang's, so I expected something Stephen Starr-esque (like The Continental). Boy was I wrong. Take your suburban go-to Chinese restaurant, make it feel more like an Applebee's, then make the food more "zesty", and that's PF Chang's. Chicken lettuce wrap was nice, and the sauces for most of the dishes were decent.
3	Every time I walk through the big glass doors of PF Changs, I hate myself a little more. I tell myself, "That summer I spent in China won't make me jaded when it comes to Chinese food" but I'm wrong. Though I admit... I've been jaded when it comes to Chinese food since I came to Arizona. I used this line before in my review for George and Son's in Scottsdale, but Arizona feels like the land that Chinese food forgot. Every single place out here that I have tried (other than PF Changs) uses low quality meat, large amounts of MSG, and overall is disappointing in every aspect. This is why I go to PF Changs.I come from Philadelphia, which has a pretty large Chinatown. When I first learned of the Chinese situation here, a tear rolled down my cheek. Chinese food is a staple to my existence (as someone who is Jewish, my Christmas's would be lost without it!). I try my hardest to allow PF Changs fill this void while I am here.While I admire the service and the atmosphere, and some dishes are alright, it just doesn't do it for me. The portions are very tiny, the prices are high, and I hate the commercialization. My personal recommendation is to get the Chicken Chow Fun. For the price, this is the largest thing on the menu. This is a dish of wide egg noodles with large white meat cuts of chicken.Here is a picture for reference (though this is Beef Chow Fun):http://jadecafe2565.com/yahoo_site_admin/assets/images/Beef_Chow_Ho_Fun-3.29102408_std.JPGSometimes this comes with the noodles undercooked. Sometimes this comes drowning in sauce. Though most of the time it comes just right.  I grew to love this dish after my time over there. It is a staple street food that I could get for 5 RMB at the most (around 70 cents). Nothing PF Changs can come up with even touches the lowest tier of Chinese cuisine over there.PF Changs and myself were in a marriage of convenience. Once I leave Arizona, I don't see myself ever setting foot in one ever again.
4	I normally order all different dishes when i go there because i know i will most likely like it.  I love their hot and sour soup and their chicken lettuce wraps.  It's really close to my work, so it's easy to just walk over and eat lunch there with a co-worker.   But i will say that they ask you how everything is a little too often.  But overall service is great.
2	After another lunch meeting that I didn't quite have the gumption to suggest be moved, I figured it is time to finally review this place.  Once upon a time, I was a poor college student who ate at cheap places, but loved "gourmet" food.  P. F. Chang's somehow built a reputation, albeit hardly deserved, of offering high quality "gourmet" Chinese food.  So, naturally, I decided that I wanted to try P. F. Chang's.One evening before I graduated, the team decided to celebrate our impending freedom from Michael Crow's tuitionary grasp by dining at the P.F. Chang's across the street.  I don't recall what I had, but I think it was a Singapore Chow Fun (or something to that effect).  It was...passable I guess, but it cost $15, and wasn't even close to being as good as the Singapore Chow Fun I've had at Chinese take-out places in New York, and it cost over twice as much.  This poor college student could tell right off hand that this place is incredibly overrated (its average 3-star review is still too generous).Fast forward a few weeks, and I'm in Houston for a job training regime.  The group decides to hit up P.F. Chang's for dinner.  I figured, since the company is reimbursing, I might as well give it another shot.  The appetizers were the best part of my meal, and the rest... well, it was the same drab, flavorless ennui we have all grown to expect from this place.Then, of course, there was our lunch last week (once again, I didn't pay.  P.F. Chang's now occupies an important spot on my list of places I would never pay to eat at).  I had the honey garlic chicken, which didn't taste honey, garlic, or anything else besides deep fried chunks of chicken dipped in a lame sweet and sour type sauce.  I only ate half of it, which is worth mentioning, if you knew me at all.And don't get me started on those lettuce wraps.  Those are the most overrated dish in the history of corporate faux-ethnic cuisine.The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because their less expensive offering, Pei Wei, manages to be EVEN WORSE!  I swear, Pei Wei has only one sauce, whether you buy the Thai or General Tso's.  Do yourself a favor and just stick with your local neighborhood Chinese take-out place.  You'll get better food for a lower price.
2	Cheapskate bartender tried to rip us off on a busy Saturday night, hoping we wouldn't see that he had overcharged us on our bill! Thankfully we did catch the "error"  and pointed it out to him. And guess what, the dude wasn't surprised at all. Didn't even pause a moment to check what we were telling him. Just mumbled some excuse and said "OK, I'll get the manager to fix it." The food was strictly average. We ordered shrimp in lobster sauce and Chang's spicy chicken. Both orders came with a side of rice. We had lettuce wraps for appetizers, and though a lot of reviewers have commented on the lack of their authenticity, I liked them. A party of 20 or so near our table was celebrating some sort of farewell, and their laughter and talk made conversation impossible. Service was extremely slow, which I will put down to the Saturday night traffic. All in all, an average overpriced experience.
1	Read any other one star review,  it's true. I have only been here because other people want to go. Every sauce is the same. Just varying degrees of high fructose corn syrup and modified corn starch. I usually stick to vegetable dishes to avoid the meats that seem boiled, overly soft and bland. No texture or flavor except sugar and salt. The vegetables taste precooked and reheated since they never have any crunch. They are soft too so there is no texture to the meal. The soups like the hot & sour are so thick and gelatinous that they are more like dipping sauces. Tasted like the same sauce thats on the food, but more like a thick jello version. There is no redeeming value here. I have asked them before to not make the sauce so sweet and they said it wasn't possible because they're all pre-made. So weird since it IS expensive, it would make the most sense to stir fry the meals fresh and their problem would be pretty much solved. But, I think they're in the business of making money, not food.
2	I am not a fan of P.F. Chang's because it is a mega chain. I do, or I used to, like some of their dishes but now that I am a veggie/celiac I am no longer a fan. Although P.F. Chang's has a gluten-free menu which is very helpful if you eat meat the option for a vegetarian is the Buddha's Feast which is a bowl of bland steamed veggies. Blah - you don't even get the option of any tofu or any spices or herbs...And although normally I am willing to give 3 stars to a place that at least tries to accommodate a variety of diets, this particular P.F. Chang's gets a 2 star due to the terrible delivery of food. My full order of garlic snap peas (which is really quite good) came out as a half order. I had to ask whether it was a half and finally they sent out another half. Good thing I caught it otherwise we would have paid for the full. Then when I ordered the Buddha's Feast, I was asked if I wanted it stir fried to add some flavor and I said sure - that sounds great! But, when I received my dish, it was a bowl of steamed veggies (and not even fresh looking). When I inquired what happened to my stir fried version, another server explained something about a matrix and that the kitchen would have to do some stuff and yadda yadda. Well, in the end, I had to eat these boring, bland and flavorless steamed veggies.I was also promised the gluten-free soy sauce which only came after I asked for it twice.I gave P.F. Chang's a 2 star rating because the rest of my group enjoyed their meal for the most part. The beef and broccoli was so salty they couldn't eat it. The chow fun, the sweet n sour shrimp and the chicken lettuce wraps are what allowed me to give a 2 star rating.Please make the mushroom lettuce wraps gluten-free and then I will be a fan of P.F. Chang's - buddha's feast just doesn't cut it.
2	I work in Tempe, and every day I bring my own lunch to work - except Fridays when I get take out from PF Changs. The crispy honey chicken lunch bowl is delicious and the employees are nice. The manager is always walking around with a big smile on his face. I'm really picky so I modify my lunch bowl to remove the sauce and other parts of the dish and to also skip the soup. So basically I eat chicken and rice and ask for some sauce on the side. Today the manager told me that I can no longer order that because they can't have people "taking advantage" of the lunchbowls with modifications. I think this stinks for two reasons - one - they are actually saving with me because I don't take the soup and accoutrements.  Two - I come there almost every week and now..I guess I don't get to anymore unless I order the full size (which is wayyy to much for this belly). Oh well! La Bocca is delicious and it is right across the street!
4	I usually do not eat at chain restaurants since i love trying out new places and seeing what other places have to offer..but sometimes i just get the craving for this place and it never lets down. From crab puffs, calamari, lettuce wraps all their starters hit the spot! Never have any complaints with anything i have ordered..and if you're a picky eater you are bound to find something since the menu is large. Shrimp with candid walnuts is prob my fave! Service is pretty good at this location..it is right by  ASU so it can be hit or miss on being really busy or not.. p.s Reverse happy hour is ONLY at the bar, they have some things that are not on the regular menu that you can only order if you sit at the bar
2	Uuuugh. The BF went and picked up food from PF changs tonight because we had a gift card and I still can't go out due to coldy fluish yuck disease.... wtf, I can't shake it. So I got wonton soup (for the throat), the BF got sweet and sour chicken and we shared some dumplings. The soup was so bland.... possibly the most bland wonton soup I have ever tried. The BF thought the sweet and sour chicken was alright.... but the menu says it is pan fried and the chicken is clearly deep fried... yuck. Also, They really don't give you a very large portion for what you pay.... most places I can eat the food for at least two days on what they give you, but the BF finished all maybe 10 pieces of chicken that were on his dish.  I would never pay to eat at this restaurant. Their food is so ridiculously bad for you and expensive. Their double pan fried noodles have just about a full day's worth of sodium and calories... ugh. I do not understand how the PF Changs all stay in business.... they're just not good. I had better chinese food yesterday and the entrees cost 5$....
4	I'm another one of those people who really likes PF Changs. This location in particular is fabulous. The manager (who I swear to God is Stanley Tucci's twin -- which won over my Devil Wears Prada loving heart -- he even did an impression for me that made my night!), the waiters are fun, and go a great job. And even though Mill Avenue is dead and gone - it's nice to be down by ASU and see that some places are doing well. I'm crossing my fingers for the day that Mill is revitalized and the streets are lined with people like they used to be!Try: Ginger Chicken, Orange Chicken & Chicken Lettuce Wraps
1	I hope you like salt and have never had Asian food before beyond Panda Express or Kyoto bowl.The fact that PF Chang's is allowed to exist by China (to whom the US owes its existence). Here's a tip for Asian cuisine: are there Asian's there? If the answer is no...I have never had more consistently bad service and tasting food. I cannot requisite ever going there again. I recommend yo skip it. If you are looking for Chinese food in the valley give this a wide berth.BTW Pei Wei is also PF Changs. I would review them separately but cannot get up the ambition to discuss bad memories any more...
5	Chang, Changs getting Changs over here. This is the song that comes to mind when I think of PF Changs. I know this is a chain restaurant but it's DAMN good every time I go. Usually I just get a few appetizers. If you are looking for authentic Chinese cuisine then you are at the wrong place. As a matter of fact authentic Chinese food is really not all it's cracked up to be. this is a great place to go with friends or right before the move. I love the steamed pork dumplings with lettuce wraps and c'mon now the Mongolian been is the ish! If people give this place a bad review because it's a chain then that's just silly. Everyone already knows it's a chain and frankly Changs must be doing something right to be as big as they are.  There are time s I get "Chang-ed out" but I will always end up back there for some yummy spring rolls!  I did choose to review this spot because it is my favorite I love the atmosphere in here and because it's in Tempe it's a younger crowd and laid back so I do prefer this location to others I have been to in my short time in AZ.
5	5 stars primarily due to our individual server, John Auer. He was personable, friendly, expressed interest in us, and bantered with our kiddos.Food way above average, he even asked if we wanted an extra appetizer that was made free of charge (spare ribs, yum) We split the duck and enjoyed the tenderness. Great strong drink gulped - mai taiLove the ambiance & atomosphere. You'd think being next to ASU that if would be filled with a bunch of college kids. Not the case. Good mixture of families, groups, couples ,and even high schoolers out for prom
4	PF Chang's is average food with sodium levels to kill a horse. That being said I still eat here about once a month because it is the closest restaurantwithin walking distance to my work. This is the 3rd time I have ordered online and every time the order is incorrect. Today for example, I ordered the double pan fried noodles with shrimp, ONLY SHRIMP, what I received was beef, chicken and shrimp. I walk to Chang's and back to work so walking all the way back to complain is a major inconvenience.3rd time is the charm. I won't be back._________________________________________________________Update to original review. I called and let the manager know what happened and he not only offered to make me a new dish immediately, but he had someone run it over to my work. That type of Customer Service is outstanding and they will continue to get my business, especially when I feel a salt craving coming on.
2	Salt levels are high enough to be legally classified as a food preservative!I got the double fried noodles with pork, shrimp and vegetables.  Well, they DROWNED the dish with enough salty sauce (maybe 1.5-2 cups) to make it more like a soup than anything else.  Also, It was a struggle to find more than a few shavings on meat in the dish, disappointing.  I'm pretty sensitive to salt in my food because of my blood pressure and my best estimate is that this one dish probably had 5,000mg sodium in it.Ambience - I appreciate the effort to be helpful, but we were brusquely interupted 9 times during our lunch.  Come on people - if my water glass is empty then discreetly fill it up, don't ask me LOUDLY if I want more water while interupting my conversation. At that point, you're not providing good service, it's just amateurish crap.Would I go back? If I did, I'd order something very lite on the sauce, but then I'd discover that I'd ordered a meat and veg dish with minimal meat and veg.  So, what's the point coming back?So PF Changs - BFD that you sponsor a marathon!? - what good is that when you make people sick afterwards with your insanely salty food, eh?
4	I am totally in love with the Oolong Sea Bass.  I had it at another location and was blown away and so I was expecting it to be a one off but I ate it last night at this location and it was almost the same perfection.  This location is a little more busy with younger crowd than I like but it is close to my house so I went.  The patio is right off mill so if you are looking for a nice dinner I suggest eating indoors.  If you just want to chill have some drinks then outside is great.  Our server was nice but seemed nervous as she dropped several items which added to some humor in the evening.  Overall we had a great dinner and dessert.
3	This place isn't all that but there food is OK.  There are better Chinese options for the price (try Chinese Cultural Center restaurants).  The restaurant itself is well furnished and clean but I can't get over the fact that people rave about this place.
3	Visited here with friends during school residency. Just a notch up from a regular Chinese restaurant. Wasn't really impressed. Tried this spot again in Fresno but my rating will remain the same!
3	We've eaten at this PF Chang's on a few occasions when in Phoenix on business.   It's usually pretty busy, I assume since it's close to the ASU campus.  Food and service has always been as expected with this comfortable chain.  My favorite entrees are the garlic eggplant and the kung pao chicken.On one occasion, the steamed dumplings that we ordered during dim sum happy hour were delivered cold.  Upon further inspection, they didn't appear to have been cooked.  The server quickly took them away and brought new ones, and the manager stopped by to tell us that they'd been comped.  During a busy period at the restaurant, it's easy for this to happen (particularly with steamed, which look about the same when cooked as when not cooked), so I appreciated that they handled the situation expeditiously and graciously. This location has great windows that look on to the main street.  They do have a patio, but either the street is too busy or the heat is too intense for it to be pleasant, so we always stick to eating indoors. There's parking in the deck nearby (they validate) or on the street if you're lucky enough to snag a spot.  #Yelp365 - 195/365
5	Definitely the best choice of eating chinese food in the city where you have limited good Asian food around. The Singapore street noodle (curry noodle) is always been my favorite and the crab wonton is just a great appetizer to start! I also like their orange beef! Definitely worth to eat for!
4	PF Chang's delivered a great meal and quality service. Peter, the owner, came by and greeted me and my guest. He told me that we can park for free in the parking garage behind the restaurant with validation. I had no idea, but that's great to know for the future. I thoroughly enjoyed my orange chicken and my guest enjoyed his mandarin chicken, although for the price he would've preferred more chicken in his dish, even if it meant less veggies.
2	Glorified panda expressWith that generalization aside I was willing to give ol PF Changs another try when they served me a steamed shanghai shrimp dish that was devoid of flavorThinking less flavor meant a healthier meal I alas was given a shocking reminder of how this place sodium bombs their dishes when I read the nutritional info 'tear
4	Great service.  Nice ambiance.So glad they have kids meals now.  Last time I was there (long time ago) they didn't.  So your child can eat for between $2.95 and $4.95, including a drink.The happy hour is decent.  I had a coconut lemon drop (YUM) for $6, hubby had a large sake for $4.  Plus I shared the edamamme and tofu potstickers with my girls.  There are three small ones for $3.25 but they are GOOD.One child had the lo mein with tofu, one had buhdda's feast with tofu.  The buhdda's feast was just steamed carrot, broccoli and sugar snap peas.  The rice and sauce (she got sweet & sour) was on the side.My birthday boy ordered off the gluten free menu and had the mongolian beef.  He scarfed it down.  Hubby had gluten free spicy chicken.  It wasn't hot enough for him so he added more pepper sauce but he did enjoy it.I had the vegetarian spicy eggplant.  It was DELICIOUS.  $7.95 and I couldn't even finish it.For my son's birthday they brought him a free mini dessert.  He chose triple chocolate mousse.  Usually they are $2.25 each.Total bill was $70.
3	I recently visited P.F. Chang's Tempe location for the first time during a lunch meeting.  I found the service to be acceptable and efficient, and the food I ordered - Wonton Soup & a Cucumber, Tomato Side Salad - to be very flavorful!  While I prefer the Scottsdale location best, the Tempe locale provided a nice 2nd convenient alternative.
1	Went here for a friend's birthday, so we had a large party. Nevertheless, the food was terrible, I was the only one not to receive my food with the others and I had to pester the servers for my dish, then the sauces that should come with it. Despite the large party the servers were extremely unattentive and the manager was quite rude. Everything was over-priced. Can't figure out why this place was packed!
3	I'm not really the biggest fan of asian cuisine to begin with but this food is just ok. It's supposed to be a healthy alternative to fast food but after checking the nutritional reviews you can't help but notice the gratuitous amount of sodium. Their food, in my opinion, tastes like a slightly better tasting healthy choice. The service and atmosphere however was on point. They kept the drinks coming. As soon as I finished one another was on the way. They were very friendly as well. They accommodated me in every way possible, sometimes i'm a lil difficult so i commend them. Overall, if you like to go to a place with great service and mediocre food, PF Changs is the place for you. Hope you found this helpful.
3	~3.5I've been to this location quite a few times and have always had the same service and quality of food that I've come to expect. I came with a few friends for dinner last week. Our server was super nice and helpful with things on the menu. I had the PF Chang's Green Tea which was delicious, a bowl of hot and sour soup, and the spicy chicken entree with brown rice. Everything was great and we had a good experience.
3	Holy slow as hell! My mother in law and I had tickets to go see Wicked this past Sunday. We parked and then walked down to PF Changs, we got there at about 445. They were already slam packed. We were quoted a 30 minute wait time but I think we only waited 15 minutes, score! Once we go to the table, we waited and waited to be acknowledged. Once we were we waited again for another 10 minutes just for our drinks. We ordered an app and it came out fairly quick. However after they cleared the app plate away we waited at least another 20 minutes for our food. As we were getting our food people were quickly clearing out to go to gammage. We had to eat pretty fast. We got to gammage just as they were making the announcement to be seated. Moral of the story, we got to Changs an hour and 45 minutes before the show started, so if you plan to go here before hand, maybe get there 2.5 hours before hand as the service is sloooooow. Food was great!
5	We went here for dinner tonight before going to Wicked, and I have to say it was probably one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. There were five of us; 4 adults and one kid with food allergies. Usually, when going to a restaurant no one, including the servers, seem to have any idea what on the menu would be good for someone with food allergies. They hem and haw and guess at things. This doesn't work so well for someone with severe allergies. We explained our issue to our server, Lauren, who said she would get the manager who would print out a special menu for us. That's right, a special menu. So over comes the manager, Jeff Jensen. We tell him that our kid has peanut and egg allergies, and he leaves and comes back with a specially printed out menu that has basically a list of everything on their menu that is safe for someone with those specific allergies. I have NEVER had a restaurant do that before. Absolutely amazing customer service. Both our server and the manager came back a couple times to make sure everything worked out ok with the special menu, not just to make sure the rest of the food was good. Major kudos to both Lauren and Jeff!Now about the food: The oolong marinated Chilean Sea Bass is one of my favourite dishes there. The sauce is fantastic, the fish is tender and flavourful, and the fresh, wilted spinach is the perfect veggie for it. Salt and pepper prawns are great too. Appetisers: get the calamari, fried green beans or crab wontons and you won't be disappointed. For dessert, the tres leches lemon dream (either the mini or full size) is just the right balance of sweet and tart.Our service was outstanding and fast, even with the restaurant being packed right before the show. Our food was great. All in all it was simply a great night!
5	I really love PF Changs!And no, I don't think its really authentic and that is not even a reason why I love this place! So without further ado, my four favorite dishes.First: PF Changs, has the BEST chicken noodle soup EVER. Forget the egg drop, forget the hot and sour, try this delicious soup! It's a lemony, spicy-ish, chicken broth with cherry tomatoes, mushrooms, pieces of chicken, cilantro, and these weird looking noodles. It might not sound good but TRUST ME it is.Second:  the fried green beans...YUMMY! Super crunchy and delicious and the dipping sauce is phenomenal!Third: shrimp and candied walnuts. OK, I never thought I would like a dish with melon balls in it [unless it was like a fruit bowl] but this has definitely changed my mind! Basically, battered and fried shrimp with this creamy sauce with candied walnuts and melon balls. I can't convince you it's good with any of my words, you just need to try it lolFourth: Dalhi Chicken. It's super spicy [spiciest dish] with sliced potatoes. If you don't like spicy, DON'T GET THIS. Try the chang's spicy chicken instead... [which is not spicy to me] lolYOU'RE WELCOME. ;]
3	Parking was confusing.  I saw the place on the corner but where in the heck do I park?  I drove around and found parking in the back (on Ash).  They valid that lot so park there.  We were greeted right away.  This place is HUGE!  We sat on the side that you can watch Mill Ave.  Pretty cool!  I ordered off the lunch menu:  CRISPY HONEY CHICKEN LUNCH (My favie) with brown rice.  It was ok, not sweet at all?  The egg drop soup was good.  The service from the wait staff was excellent.  I was just very disappointed in the honey chicken this time.  Sorry only 3 stars.
2	When you want to park for this restaurant you have to use the parking garage on Ash but as long as there isn't an event you can get parking validated. As soon as we walked in I hated our hostess, she was not polite at all asked us if we wanted indoor or outdoor seating, it was a nice day so we chose outside and she sat us, we didn't run into her until later...As far as our waitress goes (the blonde from Michigan) she was nice. It was lunch, so our meals were under $10 dollars, that's cool I guess. I ordered the Vegetarian Fried Rice with a salad. The dressing was good, and the meal was good as well, I always add sweet & sour sauce to my rice and this was all fine and dandy. The downfall to sitting outside is the restaurant sits on two very busy crossroads. Mill Ave and University. So enjoying the outside isn't as much fun with all the hooligans walking around and all the cars honking (because people in Arizona don't know how to drive)I thought we were gonna leave on a good notice, but that's not how it ended. The hostess that I was telling you about in the beginning, just let's call her skin tight mini skirt girl, was the one giving us our validated card and when I asked a simple question just to make sure I would be doing it correctly, and he response made me feel like I was a dumb ass. "Ummm no, you stick that in the machine." Anyone who is gonna start a response as an "Um" is completely unprofessional. She then started dancing around for one of her co-workers about how she was "off work". This girl was no doubt a party college girl who only cared about getting one night stands with bro dudes. At the end of the day I'm really disappointed that as a company they are hiring girls like that to represent them.
2	- generic main dishes -dry rice white and brown-great service , very friendly-small portions when it comes to foodfun fact- the kung pow shrimp is breaded so if  you think you are trying to be healthy ordering the shrimp think again at P.F. Changs
4	My friend had a craving for vegetarian lettuce wraps and then a PF Changs commercial came on TV. It was an omen, let's go to PF Changs! I ordered a crispy green been appetizer. It was the perfect amount of food. Our server, Ross was polite and knowledgable. I think he has worked here for awhile and he was very good! It had been awhile since I had eaten there, but I'll be back for sure!
4	I frequent here because it is so close to work.  You have to get there right at 11am to get seated right away or call in your order.  I have tried to order online, but my order was incorrect.  The staff here is always friendly.  Today, I presented a free appetizer card to our server ...and the card was for the Superstition location and they honored it here.  No questions asked.  We have come for their happy hour special which starts at 3pm..and that's great because our work group gets out at 3pm.  So, it's a nice option within downtown Tempe that it starts early.  Not too many places start at 3pm.  All in all this location does everything to give great service, especially if they know your work within the area.
5	We went here for my girlfriends mom's birthday a week or so ago and the service was outstanding. The manager had over heard us talking about how we couldn't believe that mom has never tried hot n sour soup or egg drop soup so he brought out two small samples so she could taste them and see which one she liked. It's those extra things that show a lot about a place. Clearly, they are constantly paying attention to their customers needs and they are doing a great job at overseeing everything that is going on. I wish more places were like this, excellent customer service is hard to come by these days. Way to go PF Chang's!
1	I probably shouldn't review PF Changs, but feel it's my civic duty to warn anyone who still believes this is "Chinese" food, it's fusion, pretty Americanized and for whatever reason, always gives me the runs. ALWAYS! It's probably me, and you would think I have learned my lesson, but I try every so often to see if my stomach can handle it and every time, PF Chang's you bastard, you beat me.
2	Food isn't very tasty... i tried several times for business lunches and was never delighted. This review is for vegetarian side of the menu.
3	Loveeeeee the potstickers with brown rice! perfect simple meal
4	Good bang for the buck. I love coming here because it's close to ASU and plus a good date spot to dine. When we entered, we received an automatic greeting from the friendly hostess. This place is nicely done. Our server was amazing. He was friendly and knowledgable. We love the food and service here. The only thing that I didn't like was the parking but that's okay. It's worth it.
4	Haven't been back here in years, but the food is still great quality. First off, join the eclub and you automatically get a free order of lettuce wraps. Great dish with marinated white chicken and rice sticks and an array of sauces. Saved 8 bucks on that order. We ate at the bar on New Years day and luckily the lunch specials stretch out to 4pm every day. One order was shrimp potstickers with whole pieces of shrimp inside. They don't let you order the Dim sum special pan-fried, so steamed is your only choice. Crispier is always better. My dish was Ginger chicken with broccoli, but this was chang's upscale style and I found cherry tomatoes and red onions along with a subtle ginger, garlic sauce. The fried rice on the side was a buck extra and probably not worth it, but the hot and sour soup was one of the better versions i have had over the years. Brittany at the bar was very nice and helpful as the bar got crowded close to her shift end and she even made sure to figure out what was the delay in our mains without me having to ask. Things got resolved and this was a great lunch to start the new year.
3	Nothing to complain about, but I really don't see why it's so special.
4	Reservation time is not being followed. Had reservation for 8:00 pm was seated 8:30 pm. Service was Great service,  johnathan was the server. Superior service
5	P. F Chang's China Bistro has grown on me over the years, and I just really like eating at P. F. Chang's.  Recently, I've been ordering the Dan Dan Noodles.  I like it spicy.  There are also a variety of options for my vegetarian wife and daughter, as in more than one.  In the past, we've ordered the lettuce wraps and dumplings among other items.  But the real reason I am gushing over P. F. Chang's and have a craving for the Dan Dan Noodles is because I just ran the P. F. Chang's Half Marathon.  I couldn't tell you why I crave food from the race sponsor.  Is it the coupons they gave out for naming ten things I liked about the restaurant?  The new app they were promoting that I downloaded?  That the race was a lot of fun and I passed the dragon?  I just really like eating at P. F. Chang's and the food tastes good?  The decor is fun?  No idea.  But I can tell you that I can't wait until our next visit.
1	Literally...the worst dining experience of my life. So much went wrong (I will TRY to keep it short).I made a reservation for 8pm, 8 people on a Saturday. I called at 5pm, giving ample notice. Walk in at 7:58 (2 minutes early) and the table isn't ready. No bother, we wait outside, chit chat but happen to notice a very sparsely occupied patio, which we could have sat at. 20 minutes later. No table. Finally at 8:40 we sit down. What use are reservations? But this isn't the worst part...We sit and wait for another 10 minutes and are approached by a frantic server: Can I get you drinks? Sure. We order an excess. (You're about to get tipped well if you can make this happen tonight).  Waiting on the drinks...my throat is getting parched...where are the drinks? We get them another 20 minutes later (It's already 9pm folks...an hour after I was supposed to have my table). Here comes Mr. Frantic again - Brings 2 drinks...we're missing some.  He apologizes and confesses he forgot to ring in the other.. Ya kidding me? Finally drops it off. Cool... But the fun doesn't stop there. My friend orders an appetizer. Expresses she wants THIS to be her entree...to be brought out with everyone else's. It does not happen. He just stares at the table, his mouth agape. Say something. Fix this. Send the Manager over. Do something.Next up? I don't eat meat...I am served meat. Cool. Frantic Server Dude is now blaming someone else for this transgression and has the Manager come over to drop off my meager  portion of food. The MANAGER says nothing. Not "Sorry, not how are you this evening? Apologies n such." Just drops it off, and forces a smile. What are we doing wrong here as patrons? Am I on freaking Candid Camera?! (what happened to that show anyway...)Ugh...At this point we all just want to shovel food down our throats and get the hell out. We do the 2 for $40 deal. Where's the dessert we ordered? Blame the Cooks Magoo has his back turned to our table, and is chatting away with his friends. This is not a joke. We sit...and sit...and sit...Ya think he would have turned around at some point to, I don't know: Check on his customers who are going to be tipping him.  Finally my friend taps him on the shoulder and asks if he can box up the dessert so we can just take it with us.I open my leftovers today and not everything's in there. I hate this place. Hate. Slow...yet the servers run around like chickens with their heads cut off. The food isn't great, that's IF they can get your order right in the first place. It's pointless getting a reservation. OH and IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY.  They knew this! Their home office should really make a secret shop and see what's happening at the Mill Ave location.Ya suck.  Don't eat here. I know it's Mill...but save yourself the 2 hour shit show I experienced.
5	Absolutely amazing! Great, knowledgable staff! GREAT food!!
5	Excellent service and the food was great.
4	Ok so it's a chain, but a reliable one. I came in around 2:00 pm on a Monday afternoon and the place was surprisingly crowded for a very late lunch hour. I grabbed one of several open seats at the bar and looked over the menu. One thing I like about this chain is they frequently change up the menu just enough to make it interesting. The old favorites are still there, but a few fresh, new items show us as well. Today, I decided to try one of these called Chang's Spicy Chicken. It was excellent. The server, a very nice girl named Brittany, asked me how I'd like my "special sauce." Mild, medium, or hot? I went with hot, and had the privilege of watching her make it right in front of me. And it was hot, but not too hot. Not the kinda hot where you need to grab the water glass. But I guess fire tolerances are relative. So maybe take a little sample first. Had a hot & sour soup ahead of time, which came with the meal. It was also very good. Like all PF Chang's, this is a nice & hip environment. The main drawback, which is not the restaurant's fault, is all the drunks that come into the place. Several servers told me it was a recurring problem, and I witnessed one while I was there. This guy came in, sat at the bar, got up, stumbled through one side of the dining room and the other. Then went into the restrooms, then came out, then sat at the bar again. Babbled in a language that can only be described as Drunkese, then was finally asked to leave. Lunch and a show. But overall, a fantastic experience and very friendly and professional staff. I'd come back in a heartbeat.
5	WOW! Love this place before, and I love it even more after my recent dining experience. After promptly being sat at a table with a view of Mill Street's finest, we were greeted warmly by our server, Lauren. I was  on the fence about ordering a cocktail, but Lauren suggested trying the Rockin' Berry martini and HOLY COW was it divine. We ordered our usual appetizers, but really wanted to branch out for dinner. Lauren sensed our apprehension and made a few recommendations from the new items on their menu. My date and I went with the Topical Sea Bass and Orange Peel Beef, which were two of the dishes she mentioned. Lauren really had a great attitude, was super friendly and we appreciated that she was always one step ahead. Food is always great, but this kind of service is why we will be back for more!
1	The 'P' stands for 'poor' yes?A generally very well run chain, this one is to be avoided - seems to be ran by 9 year olds who are long on appologies, short on resolution. Don't bother making a reservation, they don't honor the system. The food is ok, but the experience? There are SO many better places in Tempe. Give this one a miss.
5	As far as gluten free Asian eats go, this is the place to go!  They have GF eats, drinks, and a GF flourless chocolate cake that is amazing.  The Tempe location seemed a bit smaller than the other locations but they have a huge patio.  The staff was very friendly which is consistent with all of the other chains.  Only downer was the table was extremely sticky like it had not be wiped, but after watching a waitress wipe a table it became apparent why the tables were sticky.  LOL.  they only used a Lysol to clean the table.  LOL smh
5	The food is really great.  My favorite starter is lettuce wraps. It's really fresh. The service is excellent. They are also very generous. For a first time visitor, they will give you $10 off card. The place is also very clean and comfy. I will def. come back again. :)
3	Parking here forget about it , It is too tough.This is for a too to order I had. I came in and placed my order witht the guy working at the front desk counter.He asked me first what I wanted, well....I need a menu.Anyway, I ordered one of the new dishes, the Prawns with noodles salad and the 2nd item was the Budda Feast Vegetabeles. Stir fried.It was really a pretty quick wait only about 10 to 12 min so that was great.The food was really good. I do not know if I would order the Prawn dish again ,a bit on the greasy side though very tasty. It was actually better when I heated it up again the next day.   Plus it was a bit on the high priced side $15.00 just for that item.The Budda Vegs were really good as always.
1	One of the worst restaurant experiences I had in a while. The service was incredibly slow. Our first dish was the chicken lettuce wraps. The white noodle crisps that come with the chicken lettuce wraps were so hard and burnt, and when my mom ate some of them in her wrap, she chipped her tooth! We politely told our waitress about it, and she just LAUGHED and walked away. No apology, no "I'll talk to the cook about that." It's like that was her plan all along , and she was so happy that customers were receiving bodily harm from the food. The rest of the food took forever to arrive, to the point where we eventually had to find SOMEONE that passed by to ask what was going on. The sea bass that arrived was the worst cooked fish we've ever tasted. It tasted old, rough, and the spinach it came with was the worst spinach ever (the sauce tasted like a cigarette,  the spinach was raw, and parts of it had giant amounts of salt piled on!). I mean, how do you screw up spinach? I've tasted this same dish at the P.F. Chang's at King of Prussia in Pennsylvania, and it tastes so much better and so completely different. Our mongolian beef dish here was very rough and again had an overwhelming amount of burnt white noodle crisps. The only dish that was semi-edible was the beef lo mein, and even that had a lot of salt. Our waitress eventually came over to ask how we were liking the food, and we hesitated. We could kind of predict that she would just laugh and walk away. But she kept standing there, so we eventually told her the spinach was too salty and under cooked. And guess what - she laughed and walked away. Again.Awful service, awful food.
5	This is my 3rd time to this location. Our server was Matthew and he was promt and very informative! He was always giving us refills, which is a huge plus in my book! So the service was awesome! For food, we shared the spicy chicken, that was awesome and the honey shrimp, which was also awesome! And you can't forget the fried rice, I'm addicted to that stuff, and they make it perfect! All in all, this place is awesome an WILL be coming back!
5	I love P.f Changs! Nice atmosphere, good service, and amazing food. I came here with my boyfriend for a date night and we ordered the honey shrimp, spicy chicken, fried rice, and egg rolls. Everything tasted great, I really just wish the portions were bigger. Our server was Matthew and he did a great job. Was on top of our drink refills, kind, etc. Will definitely be coming back often.
4	Upon walking in, I smiled and said hello to the hostess, and she just blankly stared at me. I had a brief flashback to my time spent hosting, and I felt as if our roles had been reversed.But, I digress.Our server, Taylor, was very sweet and helpful with explaining our sauces, and even checked with the cooks to see if I could get spring rolls without the duck (which, sadly was not possible).Their vegetarian options were decent and clearly labeled. Food was good. Ginger beer tasted like bar sweet and sour mix.I might come back.
5	Excellent! Made reservations but were about 10 minutes late due to the parking around mill ave..walked in and walked past others waiting, sure enough they had a booth not a table just as I requested! Which on a busy Friday night is lucky anyway. We had drinks n soup on our table literally within 5 minutes of walking in, appetizer came out just as we finished our soup, and the meal followed right on time! Hot n fresh food and an excellent waitress, perfect! We'll b back.
4	just like every other PF Chang's - which is OK.
5	Exceptional service= 5 starsI'm pretty picky about what I like and appreciate great service.  The staff here went out of their way to make this experience wonderful. I took my parents out, who love Chinese food, for their first trip to a PF Chang's.  I've been to a couple in the US and abroad; this one's decor was nice and it wasn't busy at all (around 3 pm).I informed the server it was my parents' first trip and she must have told the manager because he came over, introduced himself, then continued to talk a bit about the store and the food.  The staff was happy which really kept the mood up.  If we needed something we didn't need to ask.  When I looked up to find our server someone would make eye contact smile and inform her. Oh yeah and the food was great, but that's why you go to PF Chang's, because it's delicious. Beef and broccoli, Beef al Sichuan and some chicken and shrimp deal with vegetables were had.  The first two were so good if made the chicken/shrimp dish seem lacking.  Healthy but lacking.I wouldn't expect that kind of service from anyone, so, well done.  Thank you for treating my parents so kindly. We'll definitely be back.
5	Finally! I get tonYelp about something good. I was here a little over a year ago and had a good experience as well but with so many places to earnings the Phoenix area I just haven't made it back. So glad I did. Brought my mom and girlfriend here for lunch beige an afternoon matinee. They are doing work on the patio out front which could fool you to think its closed but its not, obviously, and it is supposed to be done in a week. To the food, appetizers of chicken lettuce wraps, pork dumplings, and pork egg rolls. The lettuce wraps were complimentary since it was their first visit. The wraps live up to their reputation and I found myself skipping the lettuce and just scooping heaping portions of chicken into my mouth with the serving spoon. Lol. Can't be wasting time with prep ya know. Dumplings were frickin awesome, again, pan seared, and cannot think of another restaurant that makes them as good. The seasoning and sauce with just a little heat was perfection. Egg rolls were good. They were caked in grease like so many other places and they weren't dry. Between the three if us we had the Kung Pao Chicken, Sesame Chicken, and. Broccoli Beef. Again, not a disappointment among them. I can eat. And I did. I was waiting for one of my luncheon companions to slap my hand or stab it with their fork but it didn't happen. I was perfectly content and ate just right without feeling miserably full, and then I looked at the dessert menu. You wouldn't expect to see things like Tiramasu, various cheesecake, and even Wontons made dessert style. Had to try the blueberry cheesecake and it was delicious. To top it all off the manager came over tongue table and have us all $10 gift cards since my mom and girlfriend hadn't been here before. Was totally relieved and impressed to finally be able to write a raving review.
2	I guess I'll start with the good. The service was excellent. The waiter was incredibly nice and we got a complimentary lettuce wrap appetizer since it had been a while since we had visited. The waiter was attentive and really nice. Even offered to get us a GF lettuce wrap for my boyfriend. The mediocre: the food. It was okay. I guess. You know what you're getting when you go to a PF Chang's and I must have forgotten it's just bland. My boyfriend said his fried rice was good. But how can you mess up fried rice? And, the bad. The floor was disgusting. It was covered in food. I watched someone clear a table and just push the food onto the floor. No one came by and swept it up. It wasn't just one part of the restaurant. There was food all over the entire floor and this is no exaggeration. It was really gross and off-putting. There are other restaurants to go to down on Mill that are much cleaner.
4	If you're looking for a great date night for you and your lady friend this is an excellent place to go! The outside seating right along mill ave makes it a fun and romantic spot to go and the prices aren't too bad!
1	OK I will start with the good parts of this place. The Hostess was sweet. She even helped us with the Validation of the parking.The Lettuce wraps were good. That is where it ends.I can honestly say, we will never come here again for any reason. Nor would I ever encourage anyone to eat here.What has happened to P.F. Chang's???  I mean honestly!We were greeted by the hostess who put us at a nice table by the window.After sitting down I could see the table was dirty. There was grease all over it and I had a dirty plate in my area.When Kinnesy came to tell us she would be helping us out tonight. I asked if we could get the table wiped down and I showed her the grease all over it.She did come back and wipe it down,then disappeared, in her place came over a male server, who then told us he would be taking care of us instead.He seemed good at first. He told us about a few things on the menu. I got hot Tea and my friend got Ice Tea, they had Mango and regular. He ordered regular.About an hour later he had to ask for another Ice Tea, he got it but, it was Mango.We got the 2 for $40.00, which does not include your drinks.It came with soup. Somewhere after we received the lettuce wraps things went downhill.We never got any appetizer plates. We had to ask for them.That is OK because, things like that can happen.Then another server brought us out our main dishes. 2 meals one bowl of white rice. We had both ordered Brown rice. Again no Dinner plates.We had to ask for those as well.We never even got any water to drink.I have to say in all the time we sat there waiting for everything, I really noticed how dirty the floor was.  They would just wipe the floors down and paper ,rice, food, everything right on to the floor.They were not even busy here, there were 11 tables occupied ours being one of them. There were 5 servers.We waited and Waited, and waited for the dessert to come out. I really wanted it to go at this point we had been there for 1 and half hours. I was so ready to go.It was a simple meal that took forever.The hostess had to go to find the waiter to tell him we wanted our check. I could see him in the doorway of the Kitchen eating.Just give us our dessert and check and we will be out of here like 25 min ago.The dessert were Wontons that had been micro waved. They were hard and the mixture inside was bubbling. Gross!We waited so long that we finally just left the $$$ on the Table and left.I have to say it was my very worst dining experience.
4	Very good food. I am a big fan of their ribs.
5	I normally don't give places five stars but this place deserved it for the SERVICE ALONE. They really have stepped up the service since the last time I've been there. The food as usual was decent, but our server have us complimentary ginger chicken with our meal as a holiday gift. It was the chefs favorite dish. That alone was awesome service! As if that wasn't enough, then the manager came out and spoke with us for a while. He was friendly as can be. This PF Changs is unlike any other. Service was spectacular!
1	Well, hate to say it, but I will never come here again. This place has gone so far down hill I will not waste another moment here ever!The Hostess was great! Very helpful and friendly.Our table was dirty with dirty dishes on it, the dishes were meant to be clean. But, grease all over them. Gross!Our food took for ever to come out. It was not good when it did. I never got a refill on my Ice tea. Just have to say , I do not know how this place is still in Business. You have to get your parking ticket validated. Which the hostess did, and I was grateful for that. Just have to say.. Stay away from this place.
4	Sure, it's obviously not authentic Chinese food, but be sure to stop in for lunch specials (until 4 pm). I'm sad they took the dim sum off the menu, but it's constantly evolving. Right now, the melon shrimp lunch special is probably the best. And if you like your food extra spicy, tell your server to mix up the sauces.
4	I love this place!  My fiance and I stop by for dinner about once a month,  yet the wait staff always remember us.  We almost always eat at the Bar top because there is never a wait,  and the service is usually much faster.  Some dishes are clearly better than others but anyone can find something they'll like.  The cocktails are all hand crafted and unique,  and they make a killer Manhattan.
2	My boyfriend and I love P.F Changs. Not this location! It was our first visit here. My boyfriend is here on a business trip and we decided to go out for a nice dinner. Well, not the best restaurant experience. It was still wonderful, since I was with his company:) Food was great and our waitress was ok. And they are the reason i'm giving it two stars. Otherwise, i'd be giving it none. Costumer service when we first walked in was HORRIBLE. We totally got ignored by the manager, who's name i believe is johnny, rudely bypassed us and decided to first sit the people behind us. He had clearly seen us. Ugh! So rude! First impressions are so important, and i was already ready to walk out seconds after walking in. But decided to still give this place another try and  waited for the real hostess to seat us, but it was still a challenge since she said we couldn't get our seating of choice, when clearly there was free tables. We had to wait until there was one "available" seating of our choice. Upsetting. I had lost my appetite... I think that's why we had to doggy bag most of our food. I've never had such bad experience at any restaurant like here, specially not within my first min of walking in. But, decided to stay and enjoy our dinner, inspite. Food was really good and our waitress was friendly and kept checking up on us. But, we will definitely NOT come here again. Don't expect good service here. Prepare to be ignored. Also utensils had dry gunk on them waitress had to bring replacement, no iced tea refills until we were about to pay our bill. "Uh, no thanks"Oh, as we were walking out the same "manager" was at hostess station.  We asked for parking validation to hostess; and manager just stared, no words, while the hostess bid us good evening.Ps. Check your doggy bag before you leave, seemed like not all my left over food was there. And they had to add something that was left out from a separate to go order.Good luck! :)
1	Let me try to be brief..Stay Away from this pf changs including their rude floor manager Jonny that was just an ass or very ignorant!!..Greasy plates,greasy utensils and i guess our waitress kyleigh eat half of my main course that  i asked to be packed togo because my togo food came back in a lil box which i didn't realize til i got home!!Food Great , Kyleigh gave great service but my food probably didn't fit in the box so she threw it out or eat it LoL!!! True Story...You'll regret not listening if you decide to dine here!!..
5	I had just left the  masjid where I attend for both Friday prayer and daily prayers and met with some friends on the way to Changs and I decided to tag along . I loved it. The dynamite shrimp was perfectly cooked and Matt our server was attentive but not intrusive  and was really respectful of my religious situation  . A diverse crowd and some great brotherhood. Thank you Changs and thank you Matt enjoyable nice time .
3	I think this is store #2 in the Chang's family (Tempe).  Paul Flemming had a good idea back in the early 90s and its come to be what to expect in mid-level Chinese...but as with most restaurants there is a level of obsolescence that has touched this chain.  Its still a great go-to for meeting up but there are a lot better options out there.
5	Little late on my review, I came here a few weeks ago while my cousin was in town for a softball tournament. The food was delicious, I ordered the 2 for 40 with my mom; she got the broccoli beef and I had the spicy chicken. The 2 for 40 came with an appetizer, soup, entrees and one sweet treat. We had their veggie spring rolls, my mom had the egg drop soup and I had the hot and spicy or whatever. We were satisfied with all of it. I also ordered a Long Island and omg, BEST LONG ISLAND I'VE EVER HAD. I wish I took a picture of it, because it was pretty too lol our service was great, we had Zach and he was a fantastic server. This place was delicious and would love to go again.
4	Great gluten free food. I eat at PF Changs a lot. Why, because i know i will get a great meal that is gluten free. The staff was very nice. Everything came out quick. Glad we came.
2	Pf Chang's has really gone downhill in the last few months. Apparently after renovations they felt like they could increase prices without actually making the restaurant better. We came in last weekend for an early dinner before a movie, and I left with a bad taste in my mouth. My husband ordered a Woodford reserve on the rocks with a splash of soda water and I ordered a Woodford reserve Manhattan; my husband's glass seemed really full and watered down and I received a very sweet old fashioned. I let our waitress know about the wrong drink order, the harm no foul, but it took awhile to get my correct drink. My entree had good flavor but it was overcooked. The worst part was the bill. Two cocktails, an appetizer and two entrees cost $63 ($75 after tip)?! Each Woodford cocktail cost $10.75, what is this, scottsdale?? I bartend at a bar in Tempe and know this is price gauging. This will be my last visit to pf Chang's for a long time. There are too many great restaurants in the valley  to throw my hard earned toward mediocracy.
5	stopped by here on our trip from ct Keegan was our waiter he was very attentive and informative even hooked us up with free lettuce wraps!! Food was good service was awesome will come back when we move next month
5	My boyfriend and I went in for our date over the weekend and we were greeted by such a sweet hostess named Vanessa! She made me feel very comfortable and even asked us how our day was going and what we planned on doing :)Our server, Mason was on top of his stuff! Making sure we had our drinks always refilled, and got our appetizer and entrees out on time. He was a funny and nice server, my boyfriend and I really enjoyed our time there and would recommend this PF Changs to anyone! Thank you for having such a wonderful staff & such great food.
1	I created a Yelp account just to write this review. Believe me, very surprising because PF Chang's is my go-to for consistent good food.  I ordered from the lunch menu for pick up. I arrived 3 mins after it was suppose to be ready. The nice bartender was packaging it up. I got pepper steak with brown rice and egg drop soup. When I checked my bag - all that was in there was the pepper steak entree. I asked the bartender for the egg drop soup. While he went to get the soup, I decided to check my bag to ensure I received the right entree. I'm glad I did, because there was NO rice in there - just the plain pepper steak entree!!! So when the bartender came back with the egg drop soup, I had to ask him for the brown rice!! Truly frustrating and a pain. Especially since I placed the order online 30 mins prior.  As if the experience itself weren't bad enough - when I get back to work (which is literally 2 mins away), the food was cold. The pepper steak was ice cold like it had been sitting there for hours or made a long time ago.  Very disappointing - I will not be returning to this PF Chang's or any other one for a long, long time.
2	I think p.f stands for Paul Flemming. It definitely does not stand for Pretty Fabulous. It should be called PT Changs. As in Pretty Terrible. We had the orange peel chicken, shaking beef, Dan Dan noodles, and wonton soup. All were served at a mediocre temperature, and quite salty. Service was a bit rude, but in a passive aggressive way. The server was very clear to correct me on my pronunciation of Dan Dan. There is a reason I avoid chains like this, and this reminds me why. Sub par food to just fill my stomach. I think it will be a while until I return.
4	P.F. Chang's is definitely a good place as an Asian-themed restaurant provides safe and delicious food and free drink refill with extremely nice service. It definitely a good restaurant to enjoy and relax. The Dan dan noodles is too salty and not enough spicy I think.
4	Lettuce wraps rule! Other than that pretty average. Nothing super spectacular. Good tastey food and average prices.
