4	I won't lie, I wasn't impressed with Pure.  This is more like a 3.5 star review, I'm giving it a 4 because our server was great, my martini was well mixed and my wine was a generous pour.   Maybe I didn't have a great experience because we didn't order any specialty rolls?  The salad was creative but the edamame was awful.  Some were undercooked, some were overcooked and it wasn't salted enough. Honestly it may have been the worst edamame app I've ever had, the frozen stuff from TJ's that's been in my freezer for two months was better.  I didn't think the rolls were well rolled; several of mine fell apart. Its one thing when it's something huge like a specialty roll but an unagi roll or yellowtail scallion roll should be able to stay intact, especially with the seaweed on the outside.  The quality of the fish was great, but rather flavorless.  The atmosphere is fun and they have a large patio but I was shocked when our meal came to $100!
4	Despite the name, Pure Sushi isn't for Sushi purists...but if you're a fan of rolls, then good times may be found here.  Pure Sushi is all about monster rolls...with fillings that ranges from crabs to shrimp tempura to deep fried soft shell crabs...and over the top are things like salmon, halibut & scallops...and to top it all of, you get wide range of sauces from sweet onion salsa to sweet chili to  kiwi yuzu. Also good selection of bento box lunches though the loungy atmosphere and thumping music can feel slightly off in the bright Phoenix noon day.  Really just 3 stars for the food, but we added an extra star for the spacious patio and cool decor.
5	Pure is, unfortunately, my new sushi place. This blows because it's all the way out in the boonies, for chrissakes. It's on, like, 923875987235th street and Hayden (no offense, Kristen.).So, there's that. BUT! They are expanding to Old Town, which only puts them 4 light years away from me, as opposed to 17. Woo-hoo!I'm complainy right now because of all the boozy bowling last night with you yelpers, FYI.At any rate, try the Veggie Tempura... it's absolutely out of this world dreamy. It's very light, and they don't deep fry the whole veggie, they actually julienne everything, make it into little birds nest thingies, then fry it. They also add a clump of mashed daikon sprouts to the tempura so you can digest the oil better. Our server, Jenna, was just AWESOME and gave us some great pointers on the more uncommon effects of Sea Urchin. Hooray for aphrodisiacs. We also had this lobster roll thing with a sweet cream and tempura lobster. SO GOOD.The prices were really great, I thought. Less pricey than Stingray.Jew mom also gave it big thumbs up!
3	Pure is all about ambiance. Sushi "purists" will look elsewhere. The decor is modern, trendy and Scottsdale scene-esque. The food is decent (yet pricey) but if you're looking for authenticity and quality you'll need to go somewhere that doesn't invest all their money into the non-edible stuff.
2	Ambiance very nice, but the food was OK at best.  I would have given it three stars, but when you take the price (very high) into consideration, it just isnt worth it.  Nothing bad, just not worth $60 for lunch.  Very, very average taste and we ordered the signature rolls.  There are dozens of sushi places in Phoenix where you can get sushi at least as good as Pure for half the cost.  One more thing - the maguro was pretty low quality - pale pink in color as opposed to the bright red that you would expect at a restaurant of this caliber (or at least this price).
4	Wow, what a great place. Not your typical looking Sushi Bar, no Jap theme here - very modern. Yes, the $$$ is high, but most Sushi places are. Just a way cool place. The only thing that would make it better for me, is free wi-fi.. Sorry always working.. LOL.
3	Pure is a good staple in my lunch portfolio.  I don't go here for everyday lunches with the usual work crew, but it is perfect for business lunches where you are looking for good atmosphere and somewhere you won't be rushed, or catching up with old friends in an out-of-the-way area.  I really enjoy the beno boxes, highly recommend the salmon teriyaki version--the value is actually pretty good for the amount of food you get.  I definitely leave more satisfied vs. a typical sushi lunch.
4	A great place for lunch with a very modern  and chic interiorwhich is always pleasing - a great place for a business lunch too! I always have the bento boxes which have a little bit of everything in a good combo. The tempura is exceptional too.Nice to know that it's so close to home too!! YAY!
4	A hungry group of girls (most from out of town) + Pure  = Yum!We could not have picked a more beautiful day to have lunch out on the patio at Pure. For those of you who have read some of my previous reviews, you know that sushi is not necessarily at the top of my list of lunch choices, but when in Rome.......The atmosphere was cool and chic, but not pretentious or overbearing. Our waitress was very friendly and within minutes of sitting down, we had popped open a bottle of champagne and were toasting our resident birthday girl.  The lunch menu was extensive (and not all about the raw stuff - yay for me!) and we had a hard time deciding what to order. We finally selected the Edamame for starters, then had several of the Creamy Bake Lobster rolls (sheer perfection , I tell you!), the Shrimp Tempura roll and the Sashimi platter. I ate heartily from the Lobster and Shrimp rolls, but left the Sashimi to the hardcore sushi worshipers. Overall, the food was 5 stars, but the service became somewhat lax throughout the meal. Our waitress was nice enough, but it appeared that she might have been overbooked with tables.
4	The first time I ate here, I was in the middle of moving into a new apartment. My husband and I were not very dressed up, but this was the only place still serving dinner, and we were starving. Despite our casual attire, the staff was super friendly and attentive. The interior may be modern, but the service is old fashioned nice. I have since been back and enjoyed each visit. While they are not breaking any new ground here, the sushi is fresh and tasty and the cocktails are excellent. There is also a nice wine selection and lots of other Japanese food. Do not be scared off by the all white, super-chic scottsdale look - this is a good place for a date or an evening with friends.
4	Despite seating available inside we were given outside seating, the same seating was still open as we finished up.  One of the two heaters was not working and the working one stopped halfway through dinner. The sushi was very good. I liked the Box Sushi, and the Ika was great.  Service was friendly and fairly attentive. If i could, i would give 3.5 stars rather than four.
5	hip place, great food.  nice decor.
4	I really enjoyed my experience at Pure Sushi! We sat on the outdoor patio since it wasn't too cold (plus the heaters warmed us right up). We were dressed pretty casual, which I was a little nervous about when I got closer to the ultra modern, trendy decor but the service was fabulous! The In & Out Roll, I fell in love with and can't wait to have again. We also had the Lobster Roll and a few different types of sashimi- all were great! Next time I want to try the White Monster Roll. We also enjoyed some sake and The OC martini was great!! Definitely recommend Pure Sushi.
2	Let me preface this by saying that I do like Pure's sushi, however, their service is really subpar despite this trying economy. Last weekend, a buddy and I went to the restaurant where we were greeted by a cute hostess who made us wait for 20 minutes with available tables in sight. We were then seated on the patio at the only table without a space heater. From there, we sat staring at each other for an additional 25 minutes without a greeting from any of Pure's staff members who glided past us with smiles on their faces and plates and plates of food. Finally fed up, we grabbed a busboy who brought a manager to our table. He played his whole shocked and embarrassed card, but in the end offered nothing for our trouble other than, "Can I get you something now?" What a joke! I used to like Pure, but I certainly don't have any plans on going back, at least not to the North Scottsdale location.
4	Pure has some damn good sushi. We had a lot of standard rolls that didn't have a particular "wow" factor to them, but the fish was delicious. The place itself, however, is totally -not- my style. Uberhip white everything with a wall made out of giant letters (the first thought that came into my head was "I really want to climb into that 'R.'") and flatscreen TVs. Oh, and poorly-designed restrooms (petty complaint, but still a pet peeve of mind). I'd like to come back... maybe during the day it will be less... uh...weird. And... charging for edamame and miso soup? Really? Come on. Service was spotty, but our waiter did make an effort to apologize for any delays, so that was appreciated.
3	Had an extended family happy our at Pure Sushi last week. It was fun! We sat on the patio and the space was wonderful. Very cool decor as well. With all those folks who have differing ideas on food, we didn't do our typical sushi thing & didn't actually order. Had a bunch of the specialty rolls. I tried the crunchy roll, sakesake roll, potato spicy tuna roll & some yakotori. Everything was tasty. Of all that I tried, I definitely liked the sakesake roll best (spicy crab mix, cucumber & asparagus inside, fresh salmon & sweet onions on top served with some sort of apple sauce - not that apple sauce). It was good. The potato spicy tuna roll was interesting as well with sweet chili sauce and fried julienne potatoes on top.Think I missed the albacore ceviche roll which I heard was quite good. Definitely some other interesting looking items on the menu as well.The one criticism that I'd mention was that the service, while quite nice, was very slow and they were not crazy busy or anything.I'd definitely like to go back & try some other funky items & their more traditional sushi but it'll probably have to wait until someone else organizes a visit. Hard for us to put it ahead of the more traditional style places we love.
4	so today i had my first pure sushi lunch, i was right by there on my lunch break & ordered two california rolls to go.. The place looked very modern, very nice.. the staff was super nice, and the whole place gave me a good vibe. My california rolls were delicious. this place is somewhere i will definately keep going to.
3	I am a big fan of the Old Town location but this one is closer to my house so I decided to give it a try. I didn't like it very much because the clientele here is older and stuffy and tall the tables were really small and close together.  We decided to get the fire dragon roll, white monster roll, and baked lobster roll.  I tried the dragon roll first and it was really spicy but tasty, the white monster roll was forgettable I wouldn't recommend it,  the baked lobster roll came last and was the best out of the three rolls we tried.  I like the Old Town location better because it's bigger and I feel more comfortable ordering sake bombers when I'm not surrounded but a whole bunch of old people.
4	I've been to Pure several times...but haven't been in a few months, and looking to try it out again.  Really enjoy the atmosphere...and food is really good...but I'm not so sure you can really screw sushi rolls up unless the fish is bad.  I can usually tell right away.  Friendly staff, kinda pricey!  I have a friend who used to work there and helped open the Oldtown location...during VIP night it was rockin'.  Free sushi and well drinks on them.  If you're going to open a restaurant that's the way to do it!
4	Okay, the food is really a 5 star experience, personally the best sushi I have ever had!  The reason I can only give this place 4 stars, the service...it's just way  too slow!  How long does it really take to go to Japan and back with your order??!!! WTF?We had the In and Out roll, seaweed salad, Spicy tuna roll, and the Chicken Lo Mein noodles.  YUM-O, it was all absolutely delicious, beautiful presentation.  My favorite was the In and Out roll- crab, shrimp, asparagus, cucumber, avocado, tempura exterior and eel sauce-AMAZING!!!We sat on the patio which was pretty nice, but it started to get a little cool so we attempted to turn on the gas lamp, it was not working so we asked for help and they were dumb founded!  We were told they would send someone out and it never happened.  If you are diabetic, you just may want to pack a snack if you come here, it's gonna be awhile before you get your meal and you just might pass out from low blood sugar!
3	Ate here last night with hubby and had a reservation for 7:45.   We got there a bit early and had a drink at the bar.  I had the caipirinha which was good and hubby had the Asian Pear martini - which was very refreshing.  We were called to our table and, even though my husband had asked to sit next to me, they sat us at a small table where they then turned it on the longer side so we could sit next to one another.  Thankfully we like each other because we were definitely in each others space all night during dinner.  It really got to us when a couple came in 1/2 hour after us, no reservation and they get the 4-top right next to us and they sat next to each other.  Nice way to treat a reservation!  We had the Tuna Carpaccio (very good), the calamari tempura (eh, fried very crisp but the sauce wasn't great), Tuna and avocado Poke (very yummy).  We had ordered 2 rolls for dinner and a Sashimi plate with a side of rice.  They brought out the rice right away - and I had to send it back otherwise it would have gotten cold waiting on the entrees.  We got the Sashimi and it really was very fresh and tasty.  We had the black cod, yellowtail, ahi tuna and salmon.  Dude -- very fresh and really great cuts of fish.  We scarfed down the plate in no time.  We ordered hot sake as well and it comes in little baby bottles.  You would think it was made out of gold.  Then the waiter came by and asked if there was anything else we wanted -- he had forgotten our rolls.  Ok, just make us another sashimi plate -- yum.  Yes, it was that good to order it again.  The food was good, the place is very pretty but there really is no one managing the place thats a "grown up".  The girls at the hostess stand were way too young to call the shots and the waitstaff is very young as well -- they need a manager.  I think there are alot of places out there where you can get really good fresh Sushi. The service here really lacked -- and this place is not cheap.  Oh, and hey guys?  The people you sat at the 4-top ate one appetizer, one round of drinks and they split one entree.  They spent about half what we did -- and I'm sure they'll be back.  Not sure we will though...
4	I've been a fan for at least 2 years now. Lucky I live near by too. This place is a diamond in the rough and almost as good as it get's. Love the modern, slightly contemporary atmosphere. The staff is wonderful and friendly. And since it's hard to screw up california rolls the best asset is ambience and sincere, friendly service. Therefore only a 4 out of 5 star rating: It couldn't hurt for the front lady to pull up a smile every now and then and at least pretend she cares about her customers.The Sushi and Sashimi are awesome - the best I ever had. I love how they prepare it. Fresher than fresh. Any "non-toxic" or not "cooked to death" fish these days will be pricy. So if you're doing fish, raw or cooked - look out for wild caught not farmed and only the BEST.The photo is nice but doesn't capture the "juice".
4	The service was awesome, my husband and myself loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious. We also had some wonderful drinks to accompany the food...I had the Ultimate Margarita Martini, which is made up of patron silver, cointreau, lime and grand marnier....cannot recommend this enough!....My husband tried the Harbin (Chinese Beer)....which he enjoyed and said would have again. For the main meal I had the Char Grilled Jumbo Fresh Prawns.....pure heaven....I have missed my prawns badly...in Australia we buy them by the bucket  fresh from the trawlers then we go down to the beach, peel them and eat them : )  ....shrimp is something we know nothing of......and these were good prawns! : )The place was packed and for good reason.
4	Pure Sushi typifies what a high-end sushi place should be...a mix of a simple, casually-upscale atmosphere (including a terrific patio area), lounge music that sets the mood without drowning out conversation, good service and, of course, excellent sushi (and other menu items). It's definitely on the high-end of the price spectrum, and sure you could get sushi as good for half the price elsewhere, but it's not your weekly sushi place...you come here for the vibe. Pure is a great choice for a date or nice night out with friends or family. I'm thrilled to have this place in my neighborhood and hope it sees continued success (they must be doing something right, if they opened a second location in Old Town).
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. My Pure experience was awe-inspiring, and singular to be sure. Chrissy, Dottsy, Mike and I stopped by Pure (per the recommendation of my boss) on a Saturday evening at 645PM. The restaurant was nearly empty; apparently posh scottsdalites like to eat at 9PM. We slid into a booth just across from the chef's workspace and pondered the immense menu for a while. Our server was quick to greet us and get our drinks ordered while we decided. Finally, delusional from hunger, Mike whispered the magic words, sending Dottsy and I into ecstasy: chef's choice. The Chef was feeling effusive that evening and we were quickly served a 2 foot long serving plate of sashimi loaded with halibut, octopus, tuna, scallop, and salmon. Everything was so fresh I swear I could see it twitching. Just moments later a *massive* platter arrived with six rolls.  I cannot remember the details of each roll, but suffice it to say everything was unique and perfectly crafted. I didn't use a single drop of soy sauce the whole night it was so delicious. Somehow, after all that, we wanted more, and the chef brought out three more rolls, one of which was baked and topped with gorgeous mushrooms in a tangy sweet brown sauce. Our server commented that none of these rolls were on the menu, just something the chef thought up. We were also served dessert which we attempted halfheartedly, as we were now full to the brim on aquatic delicacies. I didn't see the bill, so I can't speak to the pricing, but the meal was everything I could have dreamt of in a sushi feast, so for special occasions (those happen weekly, right?) I will definitely make my way back to Pure.
5	Loved the space. Huge PURE makes one wall. The service was great. Casual but helpful. Went with their suggestion on some drinks and rolls and loved them all. More action later in the night for sure.
4	Hung out during happy hour with "Jules", who made us feel at home, turned us onto some new cocktails and we all had fun.  By far one of the more expensive sushi restaurants, but that might have had to do with our huge appetite and dozens of drinks.A great spot for sushi, and beautiful all white decor.  Although I can't imagine how much the janitor's life sucks keeping it clean.
5	Chilean Sea Bass! Melt in your mouth delicate deliciousness........had to update! Oh and for dessert Chocolate Mochi Icecream.....a truely tasty and original dessert.
2	** If you are a parent that thinks it is acceptable to allow your child to run amuck, please stop reading now **I really like sushi.  I love sitting at the sushi bar, enjoying some good food and conversation.  So, when my friend suggested that we go to Pure I was looking forward to trying this new-to-me sushi spot.  What can go wrong?  A lot.Upon arrival we were seated at the sushi bar, and immediately noticed that a boy around the age of 10 was seated alone next to us.  I wondered where his parents were (this was at night, and I thought it was strange to leave a child alone where liquor was being served), but really didn't think it would be an issue.  Mistake.  It quickly became obvious that he could not be unsupervised.  Disruptive.  Food everywhere.  Impossible to ignore.  I am not exaggerating.  Ick.  This is not McDonalds - where are his parents!?  My friend mentions this to our waitress not once, but twice.  This is when I expect one of two things to occur:   1) we would be offered different seating, or 2) a manager would ask the parents (who I realized were dining separately at the complete other end of the sushi bar - WTF?) to bring him to sit with them so as not to disturb others.  Neither of these things happened. In the meantime, we have a pear martini (excellent), yellowtail sashimi (OK, not great) and attempted to enjoy a crabcake (blegh).  It was not fresh at all.  It tasted metallic.  Inedible.  I know what crab should taste like, and this isn't it.  Back to our young diner - my friend, realizing that this kid is a nightmare, approaches the parents to explain the situation.  Why did he have to do this?  Because nobody on the Pure staff would step up to deal with it.  At this point I am very irritated (and hungry!).  Oh, it gets better.  My exasperation is interpreted by my friend as annoyance or maybe embarrassment that he spoke with the kid's parents.  No, no, no.  I cannot explain this for some reason and now everyone is aggravated.  Oh joy.  The waitress chooses this moment to offer to bring us something else to replace the crabcake, but I was pretty much over the whole experience at that point.  Scary kid, creepy food, my friend is annoyed with me and I really just want to leave.  I cannot get my credit card out quickly enough.  Get me out of here - that year-old hot pocket that is lingering somewhere in the back of my freezer is sounding pretty good right now.Our waitress was extremely apologetic, and didn't charge me which I thought was nice (thus additional star).  However, some things you can't make up for.  Pure, you left a bad taste in my mouth.
3	Well, the food was great, definitely 4 stars; but not so much about the services, our waitress wasn't really friendly to begin with, and her facial expressions were just kinda scary to me, I mean, really...Four of us, me and another girlfriend shared the Baked Scallops Roll (with sweet eel sauce and is a must try!!!),  the In n' Out Roll (the in n' out means they have shrimps inside and outside of the roll), the Crunchy Roll and a warm side of Edamame. I also had an Asian Pear martini and she had two glasses of Riesling. The bill came to be $82 for two of us (excluding tip), EXPENSIVE!!!! Especially when the service wasn't that good, I felt it was not worth it. And I felt a bit disturbing that the repairman was on the stairs repairing the light for almost 10 mins while people are coming in, eh hello? Isn't that supposed to be done before you open??**Just a little side note, they do NOT offer happy hour in this nordale location. They did at the South location in old town, but that store has been closed, and this store was bought by another business...They put this note in front of the door, apparently people have been coming in for happy hour...I didn't pay attention what's on the note and thought it was a hiring note or something, and I thought they would have hh too...
4	My boyfriend and I had our first date here a few years ago and decided to go back recently to celebrate his birthday. The sushi was very expensive, but it was good. We had some salmon sashimi, a spicy shrimp roll and a shiromi lovers roll that had asparagus, crab and halibut. Its was all really good, especially the spicy shrimp. After all this we were still hungry for more and ordered the fire dragon roll- spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, fresh tuna on top sprinkled with cilantro and diced jalapenos- Awesome! Loved it! It was expensive but it was worth it!
4	I am very thankful for Pure in North Scottsdale.  There aren't many good sushi places in the Phoenix Metro area, Pure helps fill the void.  I've been 5 times and have always been happy.  The fish is extremely fresh and cut very well by the sushi chefs.  I always get the Hamachi sashimi, salmon, and tuna sushi, and the Fire Dragon roll.  These items are always outstanding.  The other rolls such as the Albacore Ceviche Roll and the spicy tuna roll are also good.  I usually love rainbow rolls, however, I am not a big of it at Pure.  They use crab mix, instead of straight crab, which grosses me out a little bit.  Too creamy!  The salmon, tuna, shrimp, and avocado that they put on top of the rainbow roll is sliced so thin, you can't even taste it.  This is my only complaint thus far with Pure.The drink menu is great.  I love the Lychee and Pear Martinis and the cold unfiltered sake.  The drinks can get a little pricey, so be careful.  They also have some Japanese appetizers, salads, and dinner entrees, which I have never had.  I've just stuck with sushi.  But if you don't eat sushi, there are other items that you can get.The atmosphere is contemporary and beautiful.  Service is always solid.  They have a large table in the 2nd dining room for larger parties.  Great for Birthdays or groups that are celebrating.  Overall, I highly recommend Pure for fresh and tasty sushi and rolls.
5	I first tried out Pure Sushi at the South location, which I loved. Just last week, we ventured north to this location, and it is equally amazing. Nobody does it better (not RA, not stingray, not Kabuki, not Sushi Roku). The fish is exquisitely fresh, and the artistry is amazing. My favorites are the salmon sashimi, the white monster, the dragon, the philadelphia (with raw salmon), and the rainbow. Maybe especially the rainbow. The mango ice cream for desert is also fabulous. I just love this place.
3	I thought the sushi was mediocre for the price they were charging.
4	Great staff, great food, fresh sushi. Natasha is a great waitress and Hudson is the great sushi chef. They have great happy hour specials and interesting sushi rolls.
4	Great Sushi...best I've had in Phoenix.  The cost was fairly significant, but the taste was worth it.  The service also left something to be desired (even sitting at the bar).  I'd go back again on a special occasion.
3	I'm not a fan of fish so my review is not based on the quality of the sushi, although I do like their California Rolls. I've had their teriyaki, noodle dishes and soups.I've eaten here several times and the food (remember, not talking about the sushi) is always good, not spectacular, but good. It's everything you would expect from a nicer sushi place just on fancier, interestingly shaped plates. Though the staff is friendly, service is extremely slow. I just ate lunch there; I ordered the chicken yakisoba and my friend ordered the sushi lunch special. When we arrived there were 2 other tables of 2. Because of this I was expecting our food to come out pretty quickly but instead we waited nearly 45 minutes for our food to arrive. That's just way too long of a wait in my opinion. Of course our server was attentive, refilling our drinks and what not but we were hungry and did not want to spend all afternoon on lunch.I'm sure you won't be disappointed in the quality of the sushi, just don't expect timely service.
4	I've never really been overwhelmed by the quality of sushi found in the Greater Phoenix area, but Pure changed all that for me this week!  I went for lunch and had the Sushi & Sashimi Platter.  It was perfect - delicious miso to start, just the right amount of food, outstanding quality and flavor of everything.I would recommend this place to anyone.  I know I'll be back again soon.The reason for no fifth star?  Even though the restaurant was virtually empty for our late lunch (2:00pm), we struggled several times to get our server's attention.  Disappointing, but easily overlooked considering the rest of the experience.
5	First time eating at Pure was last night. Loved it. We met two other couples and really had a great time. The place was hoppin' when we got there -- good sign -- but it was easy to get a quick drink at the bar and the wait was only a few minutes. Our server, Jaymie, was fantastic. The Dragon roll was phenomenal, as were the other three rolls we had. Sushi and sashimi were very good, too. We split the butterfish -- it was over the top. I will be getting that every time. If you like great food, sushi and a fun place, we think you'll dig Pure.
5	Best sushi in Scottsdale!
2	The place is nice, good atmosphere and such. Now the food... Well, I've had better sushi, especially for the prices they were charging. The drinks were all right, but once again, they were a bit overpriced.
4	We stopped in for a snack between lunch and dinner and luckily caught some great HH specials!    The restaurant was virtually empty on a Friday around 3pm, but I didn't mind much as we were in a hurry.  We sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed the company of the chef.  The service was a little bit rock to start off as I think 3 different people tried to take our order, but once it got rolling- we were good to go. I had some Sea Bass Nigiri ($3 for 2 pieces), Spicy Tuna Roll ($3-4), Edamame ($1.50), and a wonderful house salad topped with sliced pears and a delicious house dressing ($3).  The fish was all very fresh and clean tasting, but the salad was honestly my favorite!
2	Two words: crunchy rice. I'm sorry, but for $15 a roll the rice shouldn't be crunchy, and it should stick together enough to get the piece to your mouth. Nigiri wasn't helped by the rice either. Fish quality seemed fine, but the art is in the rice and this was a failure on the level of grocery store sushi. I would suggest spending your $60-$75 on some quality ingredients and cooking for yourself.
2	It just didn't knock my socks off. Maybe I was expecting too much from some of the previous reviews but it was fairly mediocre in my book.  The restaurant itself was trendy but was nothing out the ordinary.... no memorable qualities or specific ambience.  Typical swanky/ expensive sushi place.  The waitstaff was definitely subpar.  Two different servers asks for our orders and it was apparent that they were as confused as we were and that no one was terribly organized.  The sushi was good, just not fantastic.  The rolls and menu options were very standard. Overall I think there are better sushi places out there to try, especially for the price tag.
5	Their nigiri salmon is delicious, fresh and has no fishy taste.  I love that they add wasabi under the fish. I have eaten the Sea Bass, that is flaky warm and tasty, some of the best I've had.  I've never eaten anything I didn't love.  Their tempura udon is also awesome.  The servers here are wonderful, and love to make conversation.  The best time to go is Happy Hour, they have great sushi and appetizer deals.  I "heart" Pure Sushi.
4	Had a wonderful lunch. Fish was very fresh, the service was friendly and attentive, and the prices were on par with what you would expect. There was a miserable wretched lady next to us wearing sunglasses inside throughout her entire lunch and she complained about EVERYTHING! She was yelling at the sushi chef and demeaning him because he didn't understand the fish names in Japanese (I believe he was Hispanic, what do you want?!?!). We were in shock watching this. She finally went to the manager and complained several times. The manager had to take the poor chef to the back and reprimand him and give the wench a free lunch. My friends and I felt that this wasn't the first time this lady got a free lunch. The reason I brought this up is to stress how well the place handled a horrible customer. It's tough to keep your cool, but the chef did his job well and the manager got her out of the place quickly. I'd go back any time.
5	Well, you all were right !! Sushi Delicioso! Went for happy hour and it was way better than I expected. The Crunch Roll is the bomb! Ill have 2 next time, and was so good I am going back Friday. Beautiful atmosphere, friendly and attentive staff . ***** starz from me Fresh n delicious
4	So funny that I've been eating here for eons and yet haven't been compelled to write a review until now. I happen to love Pure Sushi although it caters to an upscale showy crowd most evenings. I try, instead, to go for lunch with my girlfriends which I find to be a delightful experience, especially if the weather lends itself to sitting outside. Inside can be on the noisy side. I have tried almost every item on the menu it seems. My favorite is and will always be the box sushi. It combines all my favorites -- tuna, salmon, crab mix and rice mixed with smelt eggs. It is always fresh and yummy, and actually needs no accompaniment of soy or ginger. It is that good! The server usually asks if we want them to cut the pieces in half as it is difficult to manage with chopsticks without the "box" falling apart. So, if you do the "Box", definitely have them cut the pieces in half. The White Monster Roll is another winner - shrimp tempura, spicy crab and cucumber inside with baked ahi tuna on top, served with savory peanut vinaigrette sauce and sweet eel sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! The lunch Bento boxes are wonderful as well. You can't miss with these if you are not a sushi or sashimi person. The soft shell crab is also delectable as a starter or its large enough for a meal if you combine it with another appetizer or small salad. The Katsu style chicken breast is top-notch if you are averse to sushi. Everything is always fresh. The service is always good, and sometimes even excellent. This is not, however, your neighborhood Japanese sushi joint. Prices are on the higher side, although I am not complaining. One suggestion is to stagger your order . . . otherwise, you will have a table full of dishes. Go slowly . . . pace yourself . . . so you can really enjoy each bite.
5	Pure is amazing and so is Ellie the manager who helped with catering my event last week! The food was kept fresh and hot and put out in just the right amounts. None was wasted and everyone loved the variety. I will use them again for sure at my next event!
5	Delightful experience! I came in with my 2 little ones alone. Jay was our waiter, and a very good one. He got the chefs to prepare their sunsine roll with orange and passionfruit dressing, because I am highly allergic to mango. He was very accomodating. I also had the seared tuna tataki, which was also excellent. My kids had miso soup and their fried rice; both were very good. I was very surprised that a strip mall sushi joint would be thay delicious. Thumbs up!!
2	I am a very loyal customer to pure sushi and have been for over 2 years now. Up until about 6 months ago I would have given this place 4, possibly 5 stars, but with the horrible service I have encountered the last 6 months I'm only giving it 2. Normally I order my food to go at the bar and just take it home and eat it. But the for the last 6 months when I go in to order my food at the bar, its always the same bar tender working and she is rude. The last 3 times I have been into order food I ended up just walking out and not ordering anything. She is always taking to what seems to be her friends at the bar. I always know what I want right when I go in, so there is no need for a menu, she greets me and hands me a menu totally ignoring me telling her that I already knew what I wanted. Then she precedes to talk to her "friend" or whoever at the bar for 15 minutes before taking my order. I know all of her personal business and even what she plans on wearing to her friends wedding in a few weeks. The food is good, but considering there are so many other really great sushi places with so much better customer services i would not recommend this place at all. Now I totally understand if this happens once in a while, but it has happened every time I have gone in there for the past 6 months. I feel almost as if I were betrayed, I was such a loyal customer and referred so many people to Pure, I just hope they don't receive the same kind of service I do.
3	Pure Sushi was OK...but there are better places to get fish...
4	Get the Box Sushi... Excellent flavor variety and best of all it is unique! The service is friendly too
5	If your cheap don't eat here!  Expensive is good when it comes to putting raw fish in your mouth in the middle of the desert.  The sushi here is quality to the point that if I had no clue where I was in the US, and was served what I ate here last night, I'd have to say Hawaii or NYC.  That's a huge compliment considering how hard it must be to source fresh fish in AZ.  The tempura was great, the sashimi was awesome, and washing it all down with some sake and beer, made the blow of a big bill palatable.  Sushi is alive and well in the desert, and Pure is a great example of how to do it right.
5	I dined at this amazing place on Sunday the last day of Restaurant Week - AZ. They put together an amazing menu that was really worth the cost. Started with Miso Soup - perfect! Second had the Ahi Poke - which was prepared on these little triangles of what seemed like a soft corn tortilla. I could not figure out exactly what it was - and doesn't matter - all I know was Yummo!Next course was Sea Bass - prepared to perfection. Not too much flavor as to distract - but just enough. Last was the roll dessert - with cream, berries and a sweet rice - I was in heaven. All that and an amazing bottle of wine that was half off - sitting outside under the misters at a nice 90 degrees - in Beautiful AZ - who could ask for more?
4	Pure is in the Grayhawk Plaza in Scottsdale so understandeably is located in a very hip location. I went there on Sunday with my friend for lunch and was plesantly surprised to find they have happy hour on the weekends too!! The HH are from noon to 6 pm so we could eat to our hearts content at very cheap prices. The food was very good, we ordered all different kinds of rolls- california, salmon, rainbow, crunchy . The helpings are also very good, 8 in one plate so quite filling. The staff was attentive and the ambience was also pleasing. It may be more expensive otherise but given they have happy hours everyday of the week, Id certainly go back during those times.
5	I recently moved to area and was having trouble finding great sushi. Pure is kind of hidden in a shopping center, but I'm so glad I found it! The decor is nice and you definitely get the first impression that this is a clean, quality restaurant. The sushi is top notch. I particularly love the Dragon Roll and the Pure Vegas Roll. The fish is fresh and the sushi chefs are friendly. I feel totally at ease as a solo diner at the sushi bar. My only complaint is that the waitstaff is less than attentive, but the food more than makes up for it.
4	This is our go-to spot when we crave delicious fried calamari, the pesto drizzle sauce is outstanding!  Uni is something I don't bother to experiment with anywhere but at Pure, it's fresh, buttery, divine.  This is the restaurant that wooed me from sashimi only to a sushi roll eater with it's Fire Dragon rolls.  I've tried other rolls but keep those as my favorites.This restaurant is casual but still nice to take guests to, the waitstaff are wonderful and food quality very good.  We got engaged here so I hope it stays around for awhile to keep providing us good memories.  (Yeah, we still miss Pure in downtown Scottsdale).
3	In a word . . . Disappointed! We arrived in time for Happy Hour and ordered a number of items from the discounted HH menu -- gyoza, sliders, shrimp tempura, fire dragon rolls and calamari. They brought everything at once -- it hardly fit on the table. Since everything was cooked, by the time we got around to eating it, after trying to organize the platters and dishes on the table, everything was cold. Most of the dishes were tasty, but the soggy calamari with asian pesto dipping sauce was abominable! We also had the sashimi platter and tuna tataki. As always, the fish was fresh and melt in your mouth.I have always been a huge fan of Pure Sushi . . . but the service we received on an early Tuesday evening was mediocre at best. At three minutes after 6 pm (the end of HH), our server asked if we wanted another drink. Three minutes after 6!!!  A conscientious server would have come by three minutes to 6 and said, HH is over in a few minutes, would you like to order another drink, or last call for HH . . . and then, as I wrote above, all the items coming out at one time . . . should never have happened that way.I hope this is just an anomaly because I have really loved this place since it first opened. I hope it is not just riding on its reputation.
4	Good happy hour. We always sit at the bar and chat with the ever amusing Lara. I love the rice-free rolls. The Lollipop roll made with real crab (no crab mix/mayo) is THE best. Last night we were starving at 3pm after moving all day, so we stopped in for happy hour appetizers. Awesome deals. I had a HUGE plate of the Yellowfin and Ahi Tuna Poke for $6 I think. It kept me full until dinner at 8pm. BF had the Shrimp Tempura roll, BF's mom had the California roll. Pretty standard choices, but great as always. No reason to sit at a table here -- the bar has it all and we can even watch the game! We'll be back for sure.
4	They do serve nice Lunch Bento Boxes SEVEN DAYS a week priced $11-18.I had the salmon teriyaki lunch bento box ($13) that included an oriental sauced side mix green salad,steamed rice,one large tempura shrimp and tempura vegetables (two big pieces of sweet potato, one zucchini,one onion ring) My salmon was tasty and a perfect size for lunch,not only did I get all that food I mentioned but my salmon was on top of pan seared mixed vegetables including baby bok choy. Service was especially good from our server and the manager.
5	I take out from here all the time. Great Bento Boxes for lunch, and awesome happy hour menu. The Fire Dragon rolls are my favorite, as well as the Sashimi Platter. The atmosphere is cool and contemporary, great for a date evening or lunch with friends. The service is good too!
4	Being a Sushi freak I'm always a bit worried to try new places but friends raved about Pure so my Queen and I decided to give them a test drive.We were very pleased with the quality of the product and the staff was a pleasure as well!Maybe a tad spendy but the overall experience was super and we will most certainly be back !
5	Just had lunch and I have to say when it comes to quality Pure is head and shoulders above most spots in AZ.  Everything we had was fresh and of high quality.  We will be back for sure
4	Nice place to enjoy happy hour and relax in a cool atmosphere.  The pear martini was well made and very good.  The bartender was friendly and made great drinks!
5	The best happy hour ever! Great sushi too.
3	Went early about 6pm.  Clean and neat place, nice deco.  Service was great, server quick and friendly.  Food though was very average.  Good but nothing special.  I would go here again but it isn't my first choice.
4	Just realized my last review for Pure was two years ago! Time for a update! And yes, I have been back a few times in the past years, and my experience has just gotten better and better! Thanks for your improvement, Pure! Now that you are offering happy hours, it definitely made it better :) Especially the weekend noon - 6 times!
5	Finally!  We found a great sushi place in Arizona!!!!!!! We are very spoiled sushi eaters and we had yet to finda really great place here, until now!  Pure Sushi was just great!  The place is lovely, the service was wonderful, but the best part was the sushi!  We had the creamy lobster roll, the catepillar and the Dragon roll with eel sauce...I couldn't stop eating!  We are going back tonight!
5	Amazing PLace!!! Amazing Service
2	We used to be big fans of Pure with a visit approx 3x a month.At one point a couple years ago, the food service and quality became, for lack of a better term, lazy.Periodically we return to see if things have changed.  Last night returned for the first time in about a year and unfortunately found not much has changed.They somehow have moved away from a more classy menu to this big plastic sheet.  Makes me think of being at chillis..... In addition there was some sticky stuff on the menu which I wasn't to pleased about avoiding.We started with the pork dumplings.  They were loose, a little cold and a tasted as though they had been sitting around for some time.  This is curious because we received them about 2 minutes after they were ordered.The more important part for us is the sushi itself.   We had: Pinwheel.... Sloppily put together.  Fish was extremely thick.Tuna, yellowtail, seabass nigiri.  Everything was warm and we believed the sushi was not cut right it somehow seemed hard, lacking of the proper texture and simply did not taste fresh.The server was very good by the way.For our money ,we will stick with stingray and probably try pure again in another year.  I imagine they plan to be around since they committed to the great expense of plastic menus.
4	This is one of my favorite places to meet my girlfriend before our facials and or mani/pedi! Awesome happy hour with a variety of appetizers. Sushi is good for a quick fix. The only thing I could say is that the edamame never seems fresh and is over cooked, but otherwise, love the service and food is good! Perfect for a Saturday or Sunday afternoon delight!
4	Pure has a fabulous happy hour! The Yellowfin Ahi and Avocado Poke appetizer is a must get. The sweet potato fries that come with the sliders are also great. Both rolls we ordered (pure crunch roll & fire dragon roll) have been my favorite that I've had so far in Scottsdale. Prices are amazing & they have HH 7 days a week.
5	Great sushi place. Went with some out of town friends.They were hesitant at first because they didn't relate Phoenix with good sushi.They left happy and with changed minds.We shared several rolls, the names escape me now.I love their iced green tea. It actually had flavor, the best green tea I ever had.I will return here soon with my local sushi eaters.
5	By far, the best sushi place I have been to yet. Kind of a drive for me in Tempe, but worth it.The interior is just stunning with draping white curtain sperating certain tables and new-age square lanterns on the ceilings and walls. A sushi bar and drink on opposite sides with a small, private room opposite the hostess stand. My sorority sister and I sat outside on the wrap around patio which was lined with tables. We went during thier Sunday happy hour (love sunday hapy hours) and got the best service. We order adamane, the crunchy roll, fire dragon roll, Philly roll, California roll. Rolls came in 5 pieces but for half the prices as non-happy hour rolls. They were delish. Between us we split the bill in half and with tip, each paid about $20 which for 6 rolls, an app and drinks... I thought was really awesome.The place is located in an upscale shopping center.
4	Good food but a bit pricey. I have ate lunch there a dozen or so times. Alway good.
4	Very nice happy hour on Sunday
4	I am a return customer to Pure.  It is the only place in the Valley I go for Sushi.  The service can be a little spotty but the food is always delicious and worth the wait.
4	One of my local favorites.  They take sushi rolls and do fun and interesting things I haven't seen from others.  Peppered beef roll is my favorite!!White Cosmo's go down very smooth!  Thank goodness I can walk there.  Sushi?  Sadly I always try there salads and rolls, never really made it to the traditional sashumi
5	Wow!  Best sushi I have had in a while.  I went here with 4 colleagues after a round of golf at GrayHawk down the street.  We were seated promptly and the staff was super friendly.  We had close to 15 different rolls, some wine, and sake.   It was the best dinner of our trip and can't stop thinking of how good it was.  Highly recommend this place.
4	Good place for real sushi. Please note I do not consider California Roll to be actual sushi. Sushi is tuna or yellowtail or salmon: anything raw. Get it with rice, get it with sauce, get it however you want. But don't tell me how you ate really good sushi the other day when you ordered California Roll. That said I loved the In & out roll here! Also try the listed cucumber cocktail. Best cocktail I have had in Scottsdale. Very cute decor here.
3	The food was good but not outstanding. The service lacked efficiency, attention, and enthusiasm. When a waiter brings you food and does not know what it is, it clearly displays a lack of training. Overall, the experience left me desiring more
2	Was here for NYE and my birthday celebration, bf explained it was my bday upon making reservation.  It was a little more casual than expected but that was fine.  Server Laura, with long blonde hair and big silver circle earrings took her time getting us started.  We ordered a bottle of champagne on the menu and she said I don't know if we have that.  Then she proceeded to flip through our menu on the table to see what they had, clearly unfamiliar with their offerings.  Hmm. NYE you would think you would know what bubbly you have..just sayin'.....She then brought a tiny bottle of sparkling sake and my bf politely asked, "Um, is that champagne?"  She looked at it then realizing her mistake, rushed off to get what we ordered and said it was my mistake and the bar's.We started with a tuna and poke appetizer which was good, it had truffle oil and served on tortilla chips which was a nice crunchy contrast.  The sauce was really sweet and almost too much as you could barely taste the truffle oil even though you could smell it.  Next the tuna in the spicy tuna roll was brown(?) and not spicy, must have been with a mild soy sauce, and accompanied by only cucumber inside.  This was my least favorite.  The rainbow roll was good and what we expected, albacore sashimi was good but not the best I have had.  Sunshine roll had tuna with a mango sauce that was a refreshing fruit sauce to the palate since most of our rolls were sweet, salty, and or creamy/rich.  The baked scallop roll was okay, too much mayo in the overcooked scallops and was drenched in eel sauce.  The creamy baked lobster roll was the best, with lobster tempura on top of the roll with eel sauce.  Lobster was cooked just right.  I really wanted a lava cake for my bday but she said they were out which was disappointingly surprising since it was early, like 9:30 ish.  So we said we didn't need anything else (code for "you can bring the check")  but still waited for the bill. No luck so I put my coat on as a hint. Still nothing so we started looking around as a sign and even had bf put his bright red debit on the table for her to see...still waiting.  Finally had bf take his card to her.  Sub par service considering the restaurant was not even full and she clearly wasn't busy.  Food was good but not memorable.  Service below average and unlikely to return.  She never even wished me happy birthday.
2	Went here for my birthday.  From the moment we walked in, I wasn't all that impressed.  Sure the decor and ambiance  is nice, but I think this is a place where people go "to be seen".  The tables are so close together that people kept bumping into my husband's chair as they walked by and when I was getting into my seat, my butt was pretty much on the table next to us.  The sushi was nothing to brag about and the rolls kept falling apart.  My husband had finished his beer well before we finished our meal and the server never asked him if he wanted another beverage.  Won't be back.
5	The Hamachi spoons are my new favorite!  Very well done!
3	Awesome Happy Hour. And what's even better it HH 7 days a week! Yipeeee!
4	I just love this place! Been here three times now. Had their latest creation, the WHite Monster Roll, and my favorite is the Lobster Roll. Very busy last ime because of Phoenix Open. Everyone was working hard, yet still had impatient customers. For us, our service was perfect. Folks! Good food takes time! If you want instant fast food, go where they preoare food from a can or a bag and microwave! This is beautiful, and excellent prepared sushi! Great service.
5	We love this place. I'll let everyone else brag about the sushi because it's amazing. But I want to shout out to the best margarita I've ever had! They call it a margarita martini, and it's amazing. I know, I know, a margarita at a sushi place? Trust me! Try it.
4	Went here for Happy Hour at a friend's recommendation.Nice selection of good sushi at reasonable prices.It was a nice afternoon, so we sat outside on the patio.This made our service a little slower, but it was an enjoyable setting.It is in a corner location of a mall parking lot, so you have to put up with some cars and parking lot noise when on the patio.Overall, good experience and plan to go back sometime soon.
2	We ended up here because of attending the Phoenix Film Festival.  Wanting something light before sitting through a movie sushi seemed to be the logical choice.  We chose Pure for the proximity to the festival and the Yelp reviews.  All I can say is "what in the world are people thinking".  I know we are spoiled by having Hana and Nobu in our backyard.  This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.  I recognize how "lucky" we were to be seated at 6:15 on a Friday night.  We were ok with the hustle of the food since we were on our way someplace.  I take exception to the quality of the fish.  First we ordered a dragon roll which was served on a very warm plate.  Cold sushi, warm plate = not good.  My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.  Frozen too long, thawed or stored incorrectly?  Not sure, tasted like sponge.  We did have a misorder which we will take full responsibility for ordering some faux, convoluted lobster roll.   Then our table was cleared and our final plate came out to which my husband and I forgot we ordered and apparently the waitress did also.  We took it to go.  Because my stomach is not feeling well today I doubt it will get eaten.  Note to host, hostesses, since we were seated next to the host/hostess stand we do not wish to here about your sex life and how you took advantage and humiliated some woman you were dating.  I expect that from a 18 year old at Fridays not a 40 something anywhere.   Tonight we are going to Hana or Nobu and repent for even thinking we could obtain the quality and ambience at Pure B.S.
5	Some girlfriends and I were spending a weekend in Tempe and really wanted to enjoy a nice sushi dinner. We found great reviews about Pure here on Yelp. We had a reservation during happy hour and planned to head to some bars in old town Scottsdale after dinner. Unfortunately we failed to map the place out and didn't realize that North Scottsdale is quite a distance from downtown Scottsdale where we had been spending a lot of our time. After a $50+ cab ride from Tempe we were in a funk and just hoping it would be worth it. It definitely was! All the staff was so friendly and helpful. Our waitress, Kellie, was great about answering questions and making recommendations. The food was incredible, probably some of the best tasting and freshest fish all three of us have ever had. We tried just about every roll on the happy hour menu and they were all delicious, especially the dragon roll. The happy hour prices were an insanely good deal and we ended up spending just barely more than our cab ride over for an amazing dinner with several glasses of wine, as well. On top of all of this, despite our table being reserved for a party coming in after us, we were not rushed through our meal and Kellie even brought over a complimentary dessert and told us they appreciated us coming so far out of our way to visit their restaurant. After speaking to another super friendly waitress and bartender to get recommendations for bars to head to we left the restaurant feeling completely taken care of and more than satisfied with our choice. I would absolutely come back here for the amazing service and wonderful food!
4	My date introduced me to the Lobster Roll, his favorite and now I know why. We will definitely be ordering that again. We also shared the Caterpillar Roll though I've had better. The Molten Lava dessert with vanilla ice cream was well worth it. For drinks, the Buddha Beer with bottle shaped like a buddha was great fodder for conversation (the server suggested taking it home to use as a flower vase).
5	AHHH MAZING!Kelly, our server, made the trip there 4 stars alone.  She was so friendly and kind and looked like she really enjoyed her job!  Since we were there during AZ restaurant week, we ordered from that menu.  For appetizers, I had the tempura, mom had the tuna and avocado poke, and dad had the bbq ribs w/sweet potato fries.  The appetizers had so much food that they could've been their own meal!  The tempura was fried crispy and included 3 big shrimp plus several vegetables.  Mom's tuna poke was melt in your mouth yummy, and dad's ribs were fall of the bone good!After that deliciousness, the main entrees came out.  My mom and i ordered sushi...with the restaurant week menu, we had our choice of two rolls - one regular and one specialty.  I had the CA roll and the lobster roll (to die for!).  Mom had the spicy shrimp and the dynamite roll (also to die for!)..the only thing i didn't like was the eel sauce on the lobster roll, but that is just me.  Dad had the sea bass and it was delish.Since we were celebrating my birthday, the server brought out my dessert (included in restaurant week menu) with ice cream and a candle!  I was relieved they didn't sing :).  Overall a great place, good vibe, and nice atmosphere.  I just wish they weren't so far away!
5	This is my favorite sushi spot in Scottsdale.  The sushi is second best to their great service.  Don't think that the sushi isn't fresh, creative and taste great.  The service is what keeps me coming back.  The environment you get is unlike any other and what they have created is genius.  Customers communicate with one another and the amazing staff makes it even easier to enjoy your time.  Today was another great experience from meeting great people like Edward and Brittany and them giving us great friend service. I say friend because I am not a customer at pure, I am always welcomed with a friendly hello and conversation.   They care about you and making your experience whether its just having a couple of drinks or a full on meal.  I truly appreciate great service and will always go to pure for the service alone ( but please keep making great sushi ).
5	Great sushi and fun environment. About what you expect from Scottsdale neighborhood as far as the atmosphere and decor. Had the Pure Vegas Roll and the October Fest Roll - AH-MA-ZING!  Highly recommend both. Our server was very nice (she recommended the October Fest and was spot on!). I'll be back!
4	Great service and very good rolls. Good price points for very tasty food. I liked the environment and had a good time.
4	Great Happy Hour offering at very reasonable prices. Also a great dinner location. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the fish. The Happy Hour menu has a large selection of items and ordering Sushi is discounted during HA.
5	Supposedly the best sushi place in Scottsdale -- and I must say, I have to definitely agree. Not sure if it's the absolute best (I'm still partial to my local fav's... Although a few more visits here may sway my vote), but it IS in my top 3! The sushi and sashimi is so fresh (and doesn't have that icky fishy smell like some sushi places) it literally melts in your mouth - so yummy! And the drinks (especially the pear martini) are absolutely phenomenal!!! (a must-have!) I definitely recommend Pure -- it's a great place for sushi with a wonderful atmosphere, friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff, and amazing happy hour prices -- I will be back for round two! :)
5	12 year anniversary. My wife and I Love great sushi and this place is definitely it. Beautiful atmosphere, great service our server was Arianna she was very accommodating and pleasant. I have a GLUTEN intolerance. They even have several sauces that are gluten free as well. We ordered the Fire dragon roll, Salmon lollipop, Salmon sashimi, spy tuna, spy shimp we added cucumber and cilantro and a philly roll. All I have to say SUPER FRESH. We do sushi take out every Thursday and this will definitely be my new spot!!!
5	Loved it!  First timers here, we were looking for somewhere that is nice and not too high on the price range but just a great sushi spot and I have to say, Pure Sushi delivers. The staff was great and really super nice and welcoming.  We never wanted for refills on our drinks and the prices were really affordable and the sushi, it was so YUMMY!  We had a couple regular rolls but also the Oktoberfest...TO DIE! This place delivers without a lot of the pomp and circumstance that is associated with many of the other sushi joints around and I can definitely see this being our new "go to".
2	I came here after reading through the yelp reviews hoping to have some great sushi....Unfortunately this was not the case. As I sit here at 9pm after eating at pure sushi I feel disappointed and dissatisfied. Rice was way too sticky. Fish was stale. Service was ok. Would not return. Would not recommend.
4	So glad we found this restaurant! My wife and I were celebrating an anniversary and we couldn't have had a better experience.The food was excellent. My wife prefers sashimi while I enjoy sushi rolls. We were both very satisfied with the quality of the fish. You must try the tuna belly!!We'll definitely return. We both agreed that we prefer Pure Sushi over Sushi Brokers.
5	Great sushi.  Very good happy hour specials.  Kid friendly.
4	Enjoying an amazing birthday dinner with family and friends... With a sushi feast to make the gods green with jealousy!
3	3.5 stars.It's ironic that the name of the restaurant is "Pure Sushi" because in my opinion, this place is good if you are into fusion rolls...they are very creative. Ambiance is nice,  decor is trendy, but prices are a little high. We started with the Yellowfin Ahi and Avocado Poke which had white truffle in it and was served on individual taro chips (6 I think?). While it was tasty, refreshing and had a nice presentation, the truffle flavor was a little strong for me. You cannot appreciate the yellowfin at all. We also ordered the salmon and albacore sahsimi and the ikura. Fish tasted fresh and was a pretty good cut. We also ordered the Fire Dragon Roll and Peppered Beef Roll. I know, I know, why order beef at a sushi place? Well, it is a fusion restaurant after all. And surprisingly the beef roll was my favorite of what we tried. The mushroom, asparagus, and sesame sauce all worked really well with the peppered beef. Mmm. The fire dragon roll was definitely spicy. It was tasty but it was kind of a glorified spicy tuna roll. We went for restaurant week and I would consider coming back for happy hour if I was in the area.
3	Reasonable fishes for the sashimi platter, a little warmer than it should be.Vegetable Udon was below my expectation, vegetables were over cooked and sauce was not right one. This restaurant is three star level from the California standard.
5	Pullled in here for the first time after work, it's nearby and decided to finally try.  I waited MUCH too long.  This bistro tops the Stingray locations anyday.  I was actually pretty much sold right when I walked in, since the atmosphere and decor completely clear the nervous system of any stress.  I took my place at the Sushi bar, and was thoroughly charmed by DJ, who seemed to be the head Chef that evening.  Not only was what I ordered delicious, perfectly fresh, and gorgeous to look at -- DJ kept plying me with all sorts of ingenious and remarkable creations of his (Monkfish Liver with Blackberry Emulsion?  Weird?  Hardly.  A must try).  Perfect in every way, and DJ needs to have his own Food Network Show.   Run here, and let the place take you to a truly Higher Plane of Happiness!
4	This is my favorite sushi place in the valley.  I am glad it is near home.  Love the Poke here (not authentic - but they put a delicious spin on it)!  The sashimi is always fresh (sometimes a challenge for AZ sushi places).  I enjoy maki wrapped in cucmber and they have a few really good choices here for those.  Happy Hour is a steal and I like the Korean BBQ pork sliders a lot (which I hate to admit ordering these at a sushi restaurant with such great sushi).  My only negative is service can be hit or miss, even within a meal.  In this case, super attentive until dinner was served and then no water or drink service for quite a while.  We would have stayed a while and ordered more beers and drinks after dinner, but we decided to leave since it would have taken a while.
5	Excellent food and service. Happy hours prices are great.. Able to try a variety of new items. Chefs are amazing. Jeff explained the menu and offered ideas of what to order and very friendly. Knew the menu well and entertaining at the sushi bar. I am new to sushi so that helps. Thank you Jeff
4	Really good happy hour specials and hours considering they offer the menu on the weekends from 11-6. The calamari was crispy and fresh with an Asian style pesto sauce which was different but delicious. We got three rolls: Philly, Pure Crunch and Pure Fire Dragon. Each was dirt cheap on happy hour but tasted far from cheap. The Philly was pretty standard except it had some nice sized chunks of fresh tuna. The Crunch had a tasty eel sauce and of course a crunchy exterior that was really yummy too. For me, the Fire Dragon stole the show. First, it was a huge portion for the price and had a great balance between sweet, salty and spicy. It was one of the best rolls I have ever had in Scottsdale. Needless to say the three $8 saki bombers I enjoyed made everything taste better not that the food needed the help. I got five bombs out of each order which is more than I expect but much appreciated. My gf got the Cool Cucumber cocktail with gin and loved it. It was strong enough to enable me to convince her to go across the parking lot to check out another bar and more cocktails. The service and atmosphere were both pretty decent. Not memorable for being amazing or terrible which is a plus compared to most places. Overall, we will be back. Based on the food, prices and saki volume I would recommend Pure for happy hour over Ra, Stingray and Sapporo. It is a close call between this place and Sushi Brokers. Round #2 will be necessary to make such a call.
4	One of the best neighborhood sushi restaurants we've been to. The restaurant is really appealing in the inside, done up on mostly white with really cool white trees near the bar. The food is excellent. The appetizers were very good. We tried the pork gyoza, the lettuce wrap, shrimp tempura and the ahi avocado poke. All delicious. The sushi is fresh and the specialty sushi roll are very good. Our favorite right now is the October Fest Roll!A great looking crowd, wonderful service and a super happy hour.
4	We made reservations online for 5:30 seeming it was a Friday night and most places are packed at the time we wanted to go. The place was a little hard to find since it was in a weird area and the trees were covering the sign but we found it. The place is actually quite small but I saw people walking in and out of a back area so i'm assuming there was more seating back there. We had a table and at first it was wiggling but a waiter came over to fix it by putting something underneath a leg so I appreciated that since it annoyed me it was wiggling. The seat I sat on was super squishy like I was sitting on a sofa almost, which I didn't really like. It wasn't loud at all, which was a plus. The menu is a little pricey but I assumed the food better be damn good for it to be that much. Our waitress was nice, she checked up on us to do refills and ask how we liked the good, which I appreciated instead of being ignored. Now the food. My mom and I got sushi. We ordered the avocado roll, the spicy tuna roll and the fire dragon roll. We had to wait about 15 minutes which wasn't too bad. The Fire Dragon Roll was $15. When we got the food I was very disappointed. There was about 6 rolls for the avocado roll and 8 for the spicy tuna roll which was normal, I wasn't upset about that at all. Now, the fire dragon roll, there was ONLY 5 pieces for it. Like are you kidding me?! $15 for 5 pieces! Ridiculous! Way over priced for the quantity you get. It should have came with at LEAST 8 not 5. That's really expensive for the amount. I could go to Sushi Brokers and get probably 9 pieces of sushi for $15. I suggest you either lower the prices because of the amount you get or add more rolls to the items because it is way overpriced. I would give this place 3/5 stars but the customer service was great but the amount of sushi we got knocked a star off.
4	I love this place for a cool miami feel for sushi. The pear martini is great as well as the sashimi. I enjoy the scenery and ambiance of this place because it is very open and inviting. The lollipop rolls are also very good if you're looking for something healthy.
4	After bed experience in 2012 and avoiding this place for about 2 years, decided to give another shit, was pleasantly surprised with changes, very nice menu with good choices in sushi tools as well as main dishes, after several visits looks like they now take service mostly better than before, waiters has no ledge about dishes and special and more available than in my first experience overload good dinning choice for average bill 50-60  dollars per person
3	We usually love pure sushi, and usually have pretty good service. We decided to order take out, on the phone they told me it would be 30 minutes, not a problem-but 30 minute later we show up and have to wait an additional 30 minutes. And the customer service was they worst we have encountered.  A normal day I'd give this place a 4/5 stars, but customer arrive is very important to me and unfortunately we may not go back
3	Pure Sushi was pretty good - My wife really likes this joint a lot.  I thought it was a little overpriced, myself.  I definitely recommend the tuna sashimi and the Fire Dragon Roll.
4	My dad and I frequent this place often when we have lunch together.  The staff has been unfailingly nice, the prices are mid-range but the quality is great.  The lunch / happy hour specials rock socks.
2	First, I have to say I don't tend to write a review unless I like the place, but this place was just bad. It is waaaaay overpriced, even for sushi! The service was not so great, the waitresses seemed way too cool to be taking care of us. The sushi I would say was good, but not great. I had one roll the was really good, the rest were middle of the road. I would not recommend.
4	Good sushi, pretty attentive wait staff, and a nice patio.  The sushi was good, but wasn't amazing. Granted, we mostly are off of the happy hour menu, so it was more reasonably priced.We did have some challenges finding a dessert that they had in stock and they completely forgot my dessert in the confusion.I would definitely go again, but probably only during happy hour.
2	I have been to Pure about 5 times in the past year and each time the quality of food gets worse and worse. We arrived Monday in time for last call on Happy Hour so I ordered 3 tools and 2 glasses of wine. We then ordered 5 Sushi items and one glass of wine. This was not a dinner, just enough food for a lite bite but even with Happy Hour prices it cost $85.00. The sushi was warm, like it had been sitting on the counter for a period of time. The salmon and tuna were mushy, not firm or fresh. Each time I have gone to Pure I commented it was not as good as the last time. I've reached the point where the last time is our last time. The quality of food has fallen to a point where we won't go back.
5	Best Sushi in Scottsdale...  We go here once, sometimes two or three times a month...  They have some of the best rolls ever, try the Vegas Roll or the Peppered Steak Roll, but don't stop there!
4	Pure Sushi has great food, although a little pricey.  Normally I order sushi, but this last time I opted to order the filet. It was surprisingly good, with a Japanese/Asian twist.  The atmosphere is modern with a boutique feel and has a really cool bar.  The service was great, very friendly, and knowledgable staff.
4	Been here once. Sat at the bar for instant sushi. Very fresh and good quality. I wouldn't say that they are better than other places that I've tried. I love their sashimi salad. Not a big fan of their soup, too creamy. So I tried the udon soup, it is not that great, taste like water and not broth.
5	Yummy sushi & great miso soup! Good deals during happy hour! Decor is urban, modern and white. Service is always friendly and good! They have outdoor and indoor seating! Always a stop when we come to town!
4	First time here and we have had sushi all over US.  This is definitely good sushi and our waitress Kelli made excellent recommendations.  Definitely will be back to have Crunchy roll and Fire Dragon!
4	I love this place on the weekend because they offer a great happy hour menu between 11am-6pm. The best appetizers are Yellowfin Ahi and Avocado Poke, Lettuce Wraps, and the Pork Gyoza, I order their salmon rolls (both regular and spicy) and rainbow rolls most of the time as well. Nothing particularly fancy but I think tastes great and can't beat the price ($3 and $4). I don't go to this place unless it's happy hour because I think it is expensive and not worth the money for what you're getting...so check the time!
5	Pretty pricey but if you want good sushi you got to shell out a little. Took a friend out for dinner for one of my last nights in Scottsdale before moving back to the east coast. Started off with some delicious beverages, but decided to stay away from the saki this time. Instead started with their pear martini which hit the spot. Then my order of miso soup came. I think miso soup pretty much taste the same where ever you go, but this one stood out for its exceptional taste. Me and my friend got a variety of nigiri, handrolls, and rolls. So good we order even more pieces of nigiri for dinner after stuffing out faces. The bill was certainly on the high end for two people but a good time.
1	Nah, yet another sushi place partly fusioned and a wanna be meat market in Snobsdale. I am sick of waiters and waitresses who don't have a pot to piss in and yet have narcissistic attitude.  They should not be in a service industry.  Even the sushi chef had the attitude of Japanese superiority complex. Hey chef, if you are so great, why did you emigrate from Japan?It's a good thing I didn't go there with any of my clients or potential clients. They would have walked out and I would have lost my opportunity.I want to be fair. The sushi was good to excellent. Price is not the highest but in the high range. If you can turn blind-eyes to all the goings against the people factor in this restaurant, then go there.Just like anything else, it's the people that make or break the product and services. I hope this place comes to a real quick realisation of repositioning their attitude. For their services were worse than from people at fast foods restaurant.
4	Party of seven arrived 10 minutes before happy hour ended. They were gracious and kind offering us happy hour. We ordered off both menus. All the food was first class! A few minor service flaws that I noticed but don't think my party did. All in all a great restaurant with very friendly, outgoing staff. Definitely will return! I love walking into a restaurant and seeing the staff smiling!
4	Some of my friends have been bragging about this place and I was really excited when my Sushi group decided to have a meet up there.  I was not disappointed!  I ordered the famous Creamy Baked Lobster Roll, Happy Hour Philly Roll and the Pure Crunch Roll.  All were very good and the service was superb, the manager noticed an item on the table wasn't right and took the initative to correct it without being asked to.  The food was out quickly and accurately, and the waitress was on top of everything, I never saw the bottom of my water glass.
1	Like one poster said,  unfortunately this restaurant has suffered in the last couple of years.  I recently had dinner there which included Edamame, rainbow roll, shrimp tempura, and  tuna belly, and I ordered grilled chicken with a side of rice for my young guest.The tuna in both the rainbow roll and Nigiri smelled spoiled, and I spent the entire evening vomiting.  The chicken took 45 minutes and when it arrived it was so tough is was inedible.The sushi chef was extremely standoffish and the wait staff could have cared less while they stared at their nails.  Too bad.  It was once a really nice place to eat.  Not sure if it changed hands or what.You can seriously get much better sushi from the Fry's grocery store on the other side of the parking lot at about 1/5 the price.
4	We are lucky to have Pure as our closest option for Sushi.  We have been several times and i'm sure we will go many more.  We have tried many different items and have never been disappointed.  We can recommend any of the specialty rolls, but love the Vegas, Dragon and Lobster rolls.  They also have a number of cooked dinner options for those who don't like raw and we have tried a few of them with good results.The decor has a modern theme and pretty cool.  They also have a misted or heated patio (depending on the time of year) that is a nice option as well.Staff has always been friendly and helpful.My one complaint is that it is priced on the high side, which when it is your local place makes it more difficult to go as often as we would like.
5	Best happy hour in town and the sushi is fresh and tastes delicious!  One of our favorite spots!
5	Our expectations for this pretty place in a strip mall up North weren't very high. On a beautiful October evening, we sat outside and started with spicy tuna lettuce wraps. Really terrific!  My husband's sushi included a hand-roll and everything made him extremely happy!  I tried the unusual type of bass over veggies and black rice and savored every bite. We truly enjoyed it all and can't wait to go back.
4	I love this place! The location is super close to both work/home and they have a great happy hour. My husband and I have been a few times and even brought both sets on in-laws. Everyone agreed how delicious it was and we can't wait to come back. As for sushi, we have tried the Rainbow Roll ($5HH), Pure Crunch Roll ($5HH), and Fire Dragon Roll ($6HH). The Fire Dragon Roll has to be my favorite with shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumbers, jalapenos, and spicy poke sauce. Every time I order it, I wish I had ordered more since everyone likes it so much. I would highly recommend it!We have tried almost all of their appetizers. The edamame ($1.5HH) were so delicious we had to order three of them. The pork gyoza ($3HH) are amazing and come with a tasty dipping sauce. The shrimp tempura ($4HH) are good but you only get three - which aren't really a great HH deal. The sliders ($4) are delicious - pulled pork with Korean BBQ sauce and served with coleslaw and fries. Two sliders come to an order, but with the fries, it's really filling. Last, but not least, the Korean BBQ pork ribs ($7HH) are amazing. These babies are super tender and fall right off the bone. They also come with fries. If that isn't enough for you, they also have some delicious miso soup. Not on the happy hour menu, but still tasty and worth it. Overall, a great sushi place. I will definitely be back!
5	Pure has an incredible happy hour on Saturdays and Sundays. The prices are amazing, sushi was fresh, and the atmosphere was great during the college bowl games. We had two small children with us, and the staff went above and beyond to accommodate us. Our server's name was Jess and she was great! We will be checking this place out again in the near future. If you have a group of 8 or more call ahead and reserve the front room, it has its own private television and allows for a more private experience.
5	Love this place. Close to home. Service and atmosphere is always great.  Happy hour menu is limited but good choices and value. My favorites are the "Crunch" and "Fire Dragon" rolls.  I typically go around 4 o'clock to beat the crowds.  Never disappointed.
2	Had dinner with my wife and son on New Years Eve.  Place was not crowded yet dinner was not nearly as good as it used to be.  Lobster and Rainbow roll were small, chicken yaki soba was horrible.  Service lacked too.  Lots of other great choices in the area.
2	I have been anxious to try this spot as it is a half block from my house. I am a huge fan of sushi and Japanese food. Unfortunately Pure Sushi was mediocre in food then less desirable in service. In sitting at the bar, one would assume the approach would be one on one. Friendly. Even possible or hopefully personable. The bar here is a far cry from such notions.Be it the food is not expertly prepared. I kinda expected that. The lack of service and care at the bar would have still brought me back for a second go. The female brunette bar keep would walk aimless from one task to the next without care that she had a guest at the bar. Nose in air and seemingly no thought of guest services or what she was actually getting paid to do.Way to disappoint...
