3	Nice place, very rustic and southwestern. The prime rib was very tender and tasted great. The service could be a little quicker, but other than that its an outstanding family restaurant.
4	Let me start now by pointing out that I may have a bias.  Never known anyone who works there and I am completely unattached to the place in all financial ways (except paying my bill).  But as a kid growing up in Phoenix this place is as much a part of me as the Wallace & Ladmo Show (If you don't know, you wouldn't understand).  While I came here quite a bit as a kid, there was a long period of teen/early 20's that I never made it down here.  I was too busy going to the "cool" spots I suppose.  Then I drove by one day and something in the back of my head when - hmmmmmm.Bill Johnson's Big Apple celebrated it's 50th Anniversary this year. The story of it's creation, and creator is a wild one.  I'll save some of the details so you have something to read on the menu while you're there.  But the guy was a character.  He was a regular celebrity around town, hosted a radio show from the back of the restaurant and sponsored all sorts of local pride events that kept his name in the paper.  You will see newspaper clippings and photos of those days in the hallway leading to the bathroom.  It was the first real themed restaurant of the day.  The waitresses were always in western wear with a hat on their head and a pistol holstered low on their hip.  Thankfully that trend still continues.  The sawdust on the floor and the wooden Indian at the door tell you that not much has changed around the place either.  That said - who would want it to?The place is big and it is only on rare occasions that you'll need to wait for a table. If you do need to wait, there are a few of those table style video games for the kids (Ha! They are totally for you. Who are we kidding?), or you can spend your time checking out the old pictures, pot belly stove, carvings and other cool cowboy "stuff".  Once you sit at your table you'll notice that there are 2 jars of Bill Johnson's BBQ sauce on the side.  Oh yea. This is the good stuff.  Everyone has their own thing - I'm a big "original" girl, but I have friends who like the Mesquite.  If you fall in love w/ the sauce - you'll find you can buy your own bottle, or t-shirt or other branded stuff up at the register when you take your ticket up to pay.  The menu is simple, unpretentious and not that different than it was back in the day when Bill roamed the place.  Don't come looking for "fancy" food.  This is just simple stick to your ribs cowboy food.  Steaks, ribs, chops, fish, burgers and my favorite - the pulled pork.  I grew up on their pulled pork sandwiches.  Don't try to compare them to some BBQ place - this is it's own thing.  They even have all you can eat ribs.  I tried it one of the last times I was there.  I got 2 refills.  SUCH a pig - but they were SO good!  They also have breakfast available starting at some ungodly hour - all your favorites and a few new things as well.  And the Hot Apple pie is Mmmmmm......   Prices are all reasonable.  Average breakfasts $6-8, Average lunch $6-7, Average dinner $9-12.My least favorite things about the place are the dinner salads and the cowboy beans.  Go with the soup.  You can try the beans, but I've just never been a fan.  You can check out their full awesome menu at http://www.billjohnsons.com/.Don't go here looking to be impressed.  Come here to feel like family.  Don't bring the clients.  Bring your family and friends.  Let the waitress call you hun and sweetie.  Kick up a little saw dust.  It will be fun.
2	Borrrring.This place was actually my first job ever.  I was 15.... ohhh, those were the days....While I was 15, I tried everything on the menu... and I think my favorite item was the generic frozen then fried jalapeno poppers.  Ha!As an adult of 27 years old, I decided to retry this old haunt, and found the food to be dull, boring, and quite frankly it reminded me of Lubys....I do like their BBQ sauce though, and I always buy it at the grocery store.  See, I'm loyal!
3	I went here back in December with a friend while in town.  She moved to PHX from Seattle and loves what she refers to as "cowboy food."I was there on a kind of busy Friday for lunch.  Yet, somehow, it took the waitress to get anything done at all - bring our drinks, take our orders, and get our check. You'd think there were nothing but tables while there were actually a decent amount of people in there.If it wasn't for the pretty good food I'd give the place 1 star.  However, the food made up for what I felt was lacking in service.  I don't know if it's somewhere I'd go for a date or great food, but it's pretty good.Oh, and be careful with the woodchips/peanut thingys on the floor - I nearly slipped and fell on my way to the bathroom.
1	I knew Bill Johnson.  He was the most foul-mouthed person I've ever known [and, I HAVE known some].Over the years, I've known people who actually liked the food here.  It's O.K. But, I sure wouldn't write home about it.The service is usually friendly.
4	I got to breakfast here at least once a week, the food is delicious and not very expensive( under 6 bucks) It's usually busy on the weekends. It's got history in Arizona 50 + years.  would reccomend and if your going for breakfast on a weekday ask for Dotti shes the best!!!!!!
4	I really did like this place, the happy hour is a little on the short side, but how could you complain if its 545pm when you get there and the happy hour stops at 6pm and you are told by the waitress that as long as you order the frist round before 6 you can get the beers for 99 cents the whole time you spend there. I had the mesquite turkey sandwich and I was pleased with everything about this place. This place is a must go to while in the Phoenix-North area, woodchips on the floor, pistols for the door handels and yummy bbq sauce, fair prices that won't break your wallet,  I walked out of there happy and full, I would love to go back and try the rest of the menu!!!!!
1	I doubt I will be back. Let me back step 23 years... As a kids from Detroit, BJBA was the coolest place to go. Great Food, Great atmosphere etc. 13 years ago I even had my rehearsal dinner here. Still a great place. 5 years ago, same decor, horrible service, boring food.Last Month....AWFUL the beef ribs tastes like dog treats in BBQ sauce, the BBQ pork was better out of a can and the kids ate the frys.The Mt Dew was ok.
3	I've been eating here for 20 years and everytime someone visits Phoenix, I end up taking them here for at least one dinner.  The novelty of waitresses wearing cowgirl outfits and carrying a gun and the sawdust on the floor, is something unique for non-Phoenicans.  Their food is reasonable in price and a varied selection and extremely generour portions.  Try their breakfast or brunch menu, same some room for those huge pancakes.
4	We ate at Bill Johnson's during our recent visit to Cactus League spring training in Phoenix.  The food was really great and the price was even better.  If you go to their website and look at specials and coupons, you will see great deals that even beat their already low prices.  You get plenty to eat as well.  Their BBQ sauce is great and I used the coupon for the free deep dish apple pie dessert.  It was hot and they put a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top, it was so great.  Next time you are in Phoenix, check out Bill Johnson's.  They are so good they cater at many of the baseball venues, mostly their bbq sandwiches.
3	I can't really comment on the lunch or dinner options at Bill Johnson's, because they don't have much, if anything, for a vegetarian like me. They do have some decent breakfast though.The Big Apple is right down the road from us, so we find ourselves here for our first-o-the day meal once in awhile. They make a good veggie omelet and the Spanish omelet is pretty good too.The good: Tasty omelets, hashbrowns (we order em "crispy") & toast. Delicious salsa.The bad: The water from their "big filter" tastes terrible (to us). If you're getting water, make sure to ask that they get it from the soda fountain filter. They have no variety of tea, just some black lipton. Wish they had some green tea and some other types.Pro tip: you can buy a bottle/jar of salsa to go for only $2.50. It's good stuff.
3	Went here Saturday morning...  Was a little hungover and didn't feel like knocking elbows at some of the other breakfast joints around town.  I wanted a nice cozy atmosphere for my breakfast.  Got it!  This place has a very western feel to it..   IE: saw dust on the floor, lots of antiques and western memorabilia all over the place.  Very cute place I'd think to take children if you have them.  The place was quiet and a little dark, which was perfect for me... hehe... (hungover).  Our waitress was super friendly and very good at getting us set up with our meal.  They have traditional breakfasts here around the same price's as Denny's.  Food was good, just had an egg, sausage, and biscuts and gravy... nothing fancy about it.  I've been to this place for lunch and dinner on other occasions and the prices are really good,  but their food is just OK....  nothing sticks out in flavor originality.
3	Back in '93 this was the first Bill Johnson's I went to.  At that point I think there were 4 and they grew to 7 and have since closed 2 that did not do well where they were placed.  Of the 4 locations I have dined at this is the largest with the largest bar area.  I do not recall a bar at Arrowhead (closed) or Indian School.Let's get the bad stuff out of the way.  Just by chance I happened to wander in just as they were adding a wait person or two.  The person who was eventually to be my waitress was working in the  center section of the main restaurant and had several tables including a party of 8 going on.  None of the other waitresses were assigned to my station and she was busy/ did not see my lonesome ass and so I sat for about 10 minutes with no water or coffee to tide me over.  Once I was acknowledged the service was very good.  I think the person to blame is the person who set up the system where the wait staff coming on duty took over one station and the person at that station had to move over to another while still finishing and busing her original customers is to blame.I ordered one of my favorites: Chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, hash browns and a single piece of dry sourdough toast with gravy ($6, weekday special).  The eggs were perfect, not dry or runny.  The chicken fried steak and the gravy were good.  The  hash browns were cooked on to high of heat and too quickly and were overdone on the outside and almost cold on the inside, this has been consistent at every location forever.  But gravy fixes almost everything. :-)Given its age this location is in very good condition with the booths and tables having been redone not too long ago.  It still draws a wide range of ages even though it is not as flashy as some of the national chains.Overall this local chain is predictable and a good value.  A very strong 3+ and I will continue going here.
5	This really is one of the only places I know of were you can get a dam good breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Great weekday breakfast specials! Dont miss all you can eat fish fry Friday!
3	First time I have gone to Bill Johnson's in years.  It's right down the road but I never seem to think of going there until the other night.  It was A ok.  It's not that exciting but the food was good and the place is cute in all it's retro western glory.  I might go back again.
2	I have been going to Bill Johnson's since the 1970s.  I haven't been to the one on Van Buren in years, but I used to love that location.  However, I can only speak of my recent experiences at this location, and they have left a lot to be desired.  Normally I don't try a place more than twice if I have a bad experience, but since I recall Bill Johnson's with such fondness, I gave them more opportunities than I probably should have.  After four consecutive visits I can say that this location is very consistent.  Unfortunately, it has been consistently mediocre at best.  So here goes...I waited a long time to be greeted at the front.I waited even longer for the waitress to come around.I waited longer still to have her return with our food after ordering.  The food seemed like it was made before I even ordered it.  The burgers were smaller than I remember.  To say the steak looked like it was a Denny's breakfast steak is an insult to Denny's, and at least Denny's is cheap.  The ribs were barely room temperature.  The best thing was the fish sticks on the kids menu, which makes no sense considering there is an angry bull on the front of the restaurant.  Come to think of it, maybe that is why he is angry. I'm still a sucker for all the junk hanging everywhere.  I wish they would replace the light bulbs in some of their Conestoga Wagons, but I would settle for fresh food that didn't take an eternity to arrive at my table.  On second thought, I would settle for the way it used to be.
4	Been here a couple times.  Good home town cooking.  NOT for the dieter.  Come here and expect to gain some calories.They do have a happy hour where they have these $1 10oz'ers from draft.  That was pretty cool.Prices aren't bad.  They have a HUGE room in the back for large parties.  I went for a friend's retirement and it was very convenient considering he knows MILLIONS of people it seems like.
2	I'm like a lot of the long-timers around here.  I went to the Bill Johnson's down on Indian School as a kid and thought it was great!  Ate breakfasts at the original Van Buren location and it was pretty good.  Now that I'm older and have some experience, not nearly as impressed.  Ate here today because I was running around and needed something other than McDonalds.  I'm thinking I should have done the golden arches.  I ordered a ribeye steak, which was a little unusual for a lunch, but being a steakhouse, that shouldn't have bothered them too much.  I was wrong!  I'm thinking that they didn't have a thawed steak, so they threw a frozen steak on the grill.  It had an unusual texture to it; edible, but not what I was wanting.  Probably one of the worse steaks I've had in my long career of stuffing food in my mouth.Considering that this was their second chance, I really doubt that I'll be going back.
1	BJ Big Apple been around 50 years and want to stay around for another 50?Back in the 80's I remember going in on weekend nights and the dining room and waiting area be filled beyond capacity.  Nowadays walk in on a weekend night be lucky if establishment is running at 50% capacity.. Some reasons I want to share on why I and my friends and family have reduced our patronage over the past few years.1.  The all you can eat ribs, good price, but the ribs hardly have any meat on them.  I feel like I've been receiving half meat and half bone, sometimes more bone than meat.2.  Steaks have either been too tough or overcooked.3.  Chicken fried steak tastes like it came out of the freezer4.  Mashed potatoes lost its sense of flavoring (bland taste).I've experienced the above items identically at 2 separate locations.I'm sure the economic conditions is a contributing factor to walk in volume.  During down times one needs to excel in food quality and service and not take shortcuts!!Perhaps there will be a day I will give Bill Johnson's Big Apple another chance.  Until then I with them luck in future success.
4	This location is great.  We have been here a couple times, both with big and small parties and each time we were waited on quickly and our food was great.
3	it is refreshing to know that in this age where every non-chain restaurant thinks that it is a culinary geniuses and tries to over charge for small amounts of food that is "artistically" arranged on a plate that at Bill Johnson's $15.00 will buy a grown man a meal and a half. The food is good, not fantastic, but good. And it is presented quickly and without pretense. I would not bring people here to try to impress them, but it is OK for a different place to eat. oh, and forget it if you are a vegetarian.
3	I recently went here for the first time and I had low expectations but I was pleasantly surprised. It isn't fancy, but it's comfortable and cozy. Friendly service and reasonable prices. I like the bbq brisket sanwich with a baked potato.
4	Just had breakfast.Food and service was great!
2	Took my Mom here for lunch to celebrate the New Year, and was very disappointed.  I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.  But not today.  the place was practically empty, something I never experienced here before.  But after tasting the food, I can understand why.  Maybe it was because it was lunch time, and they were not serving the dinner menu, and the good stuff is one the dinner menu only, apparently.  The Fish was battered and deep fried, and very greasy, just like the fries.  Not at all what I have come to expect from this place.  The lunch menu just seemed out of place with the rest of decor.  It was stuff you would find at any resturant, not a western themed resturant. It was very disappointing, and I hope they haven't changed dinner to much.  This place always served the best steaks in town.
4	I forget how good the breakfast is here.  I stopped by the other day for bacon and eggs and I quickly remembered why I like this place.  The eggs were cooked perfectly to my specifications, the bacon crispy, the potatoes were perfect, and the english muffin was great and I love the coffee here too.  I know it seems silly to like such a simple meal but for some reason it is delish.  The atmosphere is very casual, my kids would love it.  There is saw dust all over the floor...probably to hide stuff, ha ha.  Service is always good and I have to say while I am writing this review I might just go back right now.
1	Worst food I've ever been served. Anyone writing a good review most be a relative.Brisket, salmon, and chick fry steak all VERY poor quality. Total waste of money. Was there 3/14/12.
1	okay I really really really want to give kudos to this restaurant due to it being a Phoenix icon.  however they are struggling  financially right now and I think the reason is that while other steakhouses have embraced the fact that people want to eat healthier, adding salads and less filling foods to their menu, this place has decided to keep a very old school steakhouse fried chicken mantra.  I am gluten free and can only order ribs or chicken with no barbecue sauce.  I do have breakfast but it stops at noon which would alleviate the problem of me trying  trying to find something to eat.  because of the lack of items that I can eat, combined with the fact that my vegetarian daughter can find nothing to eat,  we won't be back so they  lost my entire family.  it's great to have traditions but you also have to change with the times.
4	good food -
1	My wife and in-laws decided to try the North Phoenix Bill Johnson's out tonight to celebrate my in-laws anniversary.  (My wife and I had never eaten there) We had been enticed to give it a shot after purchasing a deal chicken gift certificate.  Fool me once, shame on you...We were excited at the happy hour options and enjoyed a couple $1 beers...unfortunately, this is where the pleasantries stopped.  After ordering we spent over 40 minutes looking around the 1/3 full restaurant for our food to arrive.  At no point did our server, Charlean, apologize for the long wait or offer refills to my wife's soda.  When the food finally did come it was cold.  We would've mentioned it to our server but she didn't come back for 30 minutes to finally bring us our bill, and at no point did she ask us if we need anything else or if the food was meeting expectations.  I would've mentioned the experience to a manager, but after the hour and a half in the restaurant I didn't really feel like asking around to figure out who the manager was...particularly when we were trying to celebrate an anniversary.  I spent year's in the restaurant business and I don't know which is the most disappointing - slow/cold food, poor service, or the inability to locate a manager...regardless, if this is the Bill Johnson's standard of service, I will not be fooled twice.Taylor
3	This place seems like it was once original and now has a chain feel to it. Food was OK. BBQ chicken was good. Sauces are OK. If I come back I'll have to try the beef ribs.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would! Want there on Veterans Day for my fathers birthday. There was a group of about 15 of us in the bar. Only 4 tables in the dinning room with 3 servers and a manager. It took us 20 minutes to even get a drink order for me my mother my boyfriend and 20 month old son. At that point she was already trying to get a food order from us, are you kidding me?! Got our order in and being a waitress I always ask tables with. Kids if they want the kid food to come out first. Not only did she not ask, his come out last!Mom got the brisket. I don't know why they even bothered to bring it out. You could see the fat just sitting on top. Got the salmon which was ok, but it was supposed to come with two sides but only got one. When I asked about it they aid they would get it. Maybe 5 minutes later got my Mac and cheese side. Lukewarm at best and the cheese on top wasn't even melted. My boyfriend never got one refill on his soda, even when he put it to the end of the table. Needless to say it was a HORRIBLE experience and I will never be going back!
1	Miss the old menu. New menu sucks. Bring back the old menu. This place is not the same anymore. Disappointed. :(
1	Will never come here again!!! We went there for breakfast a Saturday morning. They took forever to take our order, bring us drink and to bring our order. Waitress didn't know menu, she look so lost!!! when our order came back my eggs were cold and my house potatoes burned!!! Bad experience overall. I give them one star because I can't post without it :/
2	After posting this last review and e-mailing it to the restaurant, we did receive a call from the manager.  We were invited to come back and try them again.  First they only wanted to give a meal to my wife and I, but I said considering the terrible experience we had the last time, I thought the 4 of us should be able to all come back.  He assured us, "Whenever you can make it in, just give the hostess your name and say it should be written in the book in the back.  She'll know what it means."  It made me a little nervous that they must be giving away quite a few meals if they have a code words like this.  Anyway - we mentioned it to the hostess, and she was confused and just sat us down.  We mentioned the same thing to the waitress and name dropped the manager's name.  She was also confused and at the end of the meal, came and brought us a full bill.  We ended up having to explain the whole thing to a manager which is a bit embarrassing, as we would've been happy to not come in the first place.  Eventually they comped a portion of our entrees and charge us for our sodas.  The food was faster and service was definitely better.  The food is still definitely forgettable - you're better off going to a national chain steak house or for some local BBQ try Honey Bears...Won't be back.
1	This place used to have the best food and great service! We went there the other night (hadn't been there in about a year), but oh my....we will never go back again!! They changed the menu...less food but higher prices. You used to get a small ear of corn on the Cobb...now you can get what they call corn bake-it is gross! They now smoother the food in this not good tasting bbq sauce. Service was slow & place was pretty empty, maybe 5 other tables in use at dinner time. Save your money & avoid all together. I love country music but it was too loud. Wish I had seen the current reviews before we went. The past 26 years...food was great! Its sad that its so bad now.
5	Used to go here often and then moved a bit far away but moved back closer so we went here for breakfast the last couple of weeks.  If you love Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs for breakfast run don't walk and order them.  You don't even need a knife it's so tender.  If you like you can get a biscuit and gravy for the side dish and the biscuits are nothing short of fantastic.  I'd give the reviews from the past few months a bit of a break since Big Apple just came out of bankruptcy and maybe things were a bit off during that time.  All I can say is that for breakfast it's one of my favorites!
1	We waited at least an hour for our dinner.    One table had been waiting 2 hours .  The other was waiting 1 1/2 hours .  Though we had "only" waited one hour we saw what lay ahead.  The place was NOT even full, there were many many empty tables and our server was flustered and joked about wanting to sit and rest for a bit.   She told us our order would not be a little 15 minute wait but gave no clue it would be over 1-2 hours.  Our table as well as the others asked for the manager, she offered the 2-hour table a measly $10 discount off their tab.  After a lengthy wait gain after we asked for at least salads or something all 3 tables left.  Some had small children that were very well behaved given the fact they were quite hungry.  We all left dissatisfied with this place.
5	Traditionally this has been one of my favorite restaurants growing up in North Phoenix.  I do miss the good old days when their menu was awesome and the waiters and waitresses had a bit of a pep in their step and were eager to please.  I realize that the economic conditions have been less than ideal but I had one of the worst experiences around Christmas time.  Our waitress seemed to sympathize with us and our long wait as she comped our soft drinks.  I left heart broken and came to the sad conclusion that this place is a shell of its former self and will never be the same again.  With that said, everyone deserves a second chance and from what I understand this family owned chain has been to hell and back and are somehow still open.  Because this place is iconic in the valley of the sun and because it gave me so many warm and happy memories, I will be back shortly with an open mind and a healthy appetite.  For now I will base this review on my collective experience at this restaurant as I think they are entitled to it.  Just wish that my fellow diners who are new to the Big Apple or Phoenix for that matter could appreciate this place for what it once was and what I still believe it can be.
5	Finally made it in as I had planned and I was very impressed.  Had the chicken fried steak dinner and shared the potato skins for an appetizer.  My Mom had the sirloin which was also awesome!  We came away very pleased and the waitress assured us that some of our favorites would likely be back on the menu next year.  Going to make sure I spread the word and we will be back a bit more often.  Also I enjoyed the music and the service was excellent!
1	I have been coming to this place since I was a kid. Went to breakfast this morning and hadn't been there in a while and it was terrible. I ordered one thing and they brought me something completely different, and my boyfriend and I both were served cold food. It's sad to see one of my favorite places turn into a dump! They must have raised their prices too because we ended up paying 30 for breakfast for two people! Looked at the receipt and we were charged 5 dollars for each ice tea we drank. In conclusion... Very disappointed. Will never go again.
4	Some girlfriends of mine wanted to meet up for a Sunday breakfast, and Bill Johnson's was the place that was picked.  I have to be honest when I heard this was the place I thought, well hell Bill Johnson's isn't even a place I would pick to go for dinner.So off I went to meet up with them. Ok I under estimated Bill Johnson's for sure! We had a table in the saloon area, and our waitress was Cookie! Man she was awesome! Cookie was the greatest!  She kept us stocked in coffee, water, creamer and more! Her personality was always upbeat! I ordered an Arizona Omelets, which had Schreiner's fresh chorizo, green chilies, and tomatoes, pepper jack cheese with a side of home fries and a biscuit and gravy! OK this was a kick ass breakfast! Everything was delish!! The omelet was light, fluffy and full of flavor; the home fries were perfectly cooked. The biscuit and gravy, oh damn, that's some good stuff, my country lovin side was so very happy!!!  Biscuit & Gravy are my favorite breakfast dishes!  It was a great meal with friends, amazing service as well!
4	Went here Friday night with my wife Carol and our friend Kathy for Karaoke in the bar/saloon. We arrived early for dinner (around 6pm), Karaoke started at 7pm. I have to admit it's been years sine I've been here and when I used to go it was in the restaurant not the bar/saloon..We were immediately seated and ask what we wanted to drink  and then the waitress (her name was Cookie) took our order Carol & Kathy ordered the all-y-u-can-eat fish, I asked if I could try a small piece before I ordered.  Cookie said that would be no problem.Cookie brought out drinks and me two small pieces of fish. I tasted it and decided I would order it as well.. When the fish came the pieces we very large and piping hot. The batter wasn't to heavy and the fish was mouthwateringly moist, flaky, tender and tasty. We all agreed we like the fish was cooked perfectly, which is a rarity.  I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Freshness characterizes everything we had. Highly recommended I was pleasantly surprised . The service was excellent and the food was served promptly and efficient. Freshness characterizes everything FOOD: Huge portions, Top quality SERVICE: Genuine good service which was a joy to witness. Our waitress was professional and attentive. PRICE: Comparable to other steak restaurants.  AMBIANCE: Rustic western steakhouse atmosphere. Yet popular with the locals and a place to bring out of town guests.  CONCLUSION: RETURN FACTOR 100%. ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
2	I went here today for our company's department "holiday brunch" and the best thing I can say was at least I wasn't the one paying. There were roughly 30 in our group which isn't an easy task to handle so the buffet style version of fajitas made sense to serve. There was a choice of either chicken or beef with rice and beans, taco size tortillas all the food was served barely warm with little flavor. You could indulge in sour cream & the salsa that probably came from a jar, also no flavor. I got the rice with no flavor and the chicken that came with a bonus 2 inch bone, luckily I survived to write this review. The decor is still slightly charming with photos of Geronimo & James Dean although the once famous sawdust was removed due to falls, their saloon girl still hangs from the ceiling but she too is desperate need of a makeover! The employee uniforms are dated, but the service was decent. This once beloved & famous landmark type restaurant is unfortunately on it's way to becoming a ghost town!
4	Family and I had breakfast here a week ago. I remembered eating here with my parents when I was just a tot, and thought I would take a trip down memory lane.My son was happy to see chicken and waffles on the menu and tried that. My husband and I both chose fried eggs, bacon, toast and french fries for our potato choice. We ordered aside of brown gravy to go with the fries. Everything came out quick and hot. We were satisfied with the taste, tge large portions and the value for the price. My son's chicken strips and waffle were really good and my husband and I especially enjoyed the fries and gravy.
3	Went there the other night with 2 out of towners.   I got a salad which was very good. It was called a cobb salad on rje menu but it was more like a chef salad.  It was good.  Blue cheese dressing had lots of chucks of cheese. Loved it.   One friend got chille which he said was very good and very filling.  Talked about it the next day about how good it was.  Third friend said everthing was so so.  He got brisket.   I tend to agree with him cause i got that once and wasnt impressed.   The waitress was friendly and fast.  There was a screw up with the order and the cook came out.  They were quick to make everything right.  It was sort of slow in the place.   Not a 5 stAr place but good. No complaints becUse they were so great about fixing the order
1	Went on valentines day, place was empty... The only place that was empty! The service and server was great, meal was a disappointment, large portions and cheap prices! The place smelled like a old dish rag. This is not the same as I remembered from 10 years ago when I liked it. Too bad I really wanted to give this place a good review.
4	Why go to "Australia" or "Texas"?  You've got the real Arizona deal right here    Are you a visitor to Our Fair Valley?  Do you love The West, cowboys, Native American Indigenous Indians, grub and lots of items from homesteads, farms, old magazines, the Cowboy Artists of America and others?  The Big Apple has all that and has been around since the days when cowboys had both hats AND ranches.  The menu has been tuned up since the 1950's, sawdust is no longer allowed on the floor, and breakfast is served all day now.  This Big Apple has a Big Big Bar, with karaoke singing some nights each week.  My family likes dining here, usually eating hamburgers, bar-b-que brisket or pork sandwiches, or ribs.  Breakfast has all the things we love in a hearty breakfast - eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, biscuits and gravy.  Bill Johnson's Big Apple is the only place I know where little Conestoga wagon lights circle the camp up near the ceiling, branding irons, bear traps and vintage art lines the walls.  It is the Mythic West preserved, served with classic bar-b-que and steak house meals.
5	Okay, I was so hesitant about coming here because some of the reviews were a little negative. Yes, they are understaffed. Yes,  there will be a bit of a wait before you get seated. Yes, they did go through a chapter 11. But we were extremely satisfied with our meal. We had a loaded filet with a loaded potato & Mac & cheese & it was ridiculous!!! This meal was fantastic. Not much of a beer selection but once my meal came it didn't matter any more. Our waiter was a young dude named Derek & he was cool. Very friendly & helpful & honest. Next time we're in Phoenix we are definitely coming here.
3	We ate here for breakfast. It was OK. The service was good. I had blueberry pancakes and they were not fresh blueberries. I should have asked before I ordered.  Two other had a hearty breakfast. It looked good and tasted good.
2	Food was delicious. I had the chicken fried steak, eggs, hash browns and a biscuit with gravy. Wife had the Texas omelet which was yummy as well.  Huge negative though. Place was dark and dirty. There was a thick layer of dust every where.
4	Jus called in an order of wild west wing ( spicy bbq sauce ) I ordered to have a lil crispy. Cause that's how I like my wings.  I got there order was ready. I quickly paid and drove home.  I got home my wings were still hot and ever so delicious.  I eat alot of wings and these are in the top 3 maybe cuz I'm hungry haha. But they were cooked jus the way I liked them.  Evenly sauced and full of delicious spicy bbq flavor. I almost wish I had placed an 2nd order for later. Now this is my 1st time having their wings. When I go there its usually to have a steak. I think I found a new wing spot and gonna tell my boys I found another great find. Service was quick and friendly. I will be ordering these wings again very soon
4	They were great-today we discovered them closed...out of business. Sad for us-a go to for weekend breakfast. Best to all the great staff!
2	This location is closing and from Friday 5-16-2014 until the next Wednesday, the restaurant is auctioning off everything to the general public...the arrowheads, Indian Head nickles, wood burning stoves and even the bar. I think I might head up there and see if I can snag anything.I have mixed feelings about this location closing. I never like the food here at all. I thought the steaks were bleh and their fried zucchini (which I always like elsewhere) was gross as well. The only thing I liked (which I never like any place else) were the potato skins.Even though I sort of hated it, any friend or relative who came to town always wanted to go there. It must be featured in some guide books. They were always excited and enjoyed the food. Maybe it was just me or maybe they were so hyped up about being in someplace similar to what they thought the wild west should be, they overlooked the dull food.I wonder if the closing had to do with the deceased person who was found in the chuck wagon out front last year. I don't think it made the news (don't know why), but I was at the Walmart across the street when people came running from the restaurant screaming (for no reason) and when the coroner pulled up.. Well, I hate to see you go Bill Johnson's, I may not have liked your food, but you sure were a great way to entertain and appease visitors from out of state and make me come across as a cool host..
4	what happened?  One of my favorite places - I went there in high school and I am 72 - sorry to see it go!!
