4	Excellent "fastaurant" food, and courteous staff. They bring you your order, and will offer free refills on your fountain drinks. I had a Club Sandwich, a Cheesesteak, and a Turkey Melt, all delicious, and all served with yummy steak fries.
3	I have commuted by this place for a while, and decided to grab some dinner for the family. The place is really clean, lots of home-y accents to decorate the place. I was going to do the drive thru but went in so I could make a fair review on here. Staff was friendly, and a fairly big menu. Ordered a pastrami, bacon cheeseburger, and chicken strips kids meal. Had the food out the door in 15 minutes. Food was fresh tasting for fast food options. French fry orders were quite large. Just one order fill one of our dinner plates... Pastrami was tasty too (in chibata bread). Only complaint was that the burger was noticably thin. Will go back again, no rush though...
3	In our ongoing search for biscuits and gravy in the City of Sin, we decided to try this cross between a Denny's and a Carl's Jr.  They have about 60 locations in Southern California and a few starting here.  They claim to have great burgers, and they are also known for breakfast.  Very homey dining area, clean, not busy for a Sunday morning, decent service, not friendly but okay.  Nice ceiling mural acknowledges the proximity to the Air Force base, a little incongruous with the country setting.  You place your order at the counter, get a number, seat yourself and they bring the food to you.Loved the coffee and the continuous refills in a real diner-style china mug - a little expensive at about 1.50 per serving but a nice smooth breakfast blend.  The gravy on the biscuits had a nice amount of crumbled sausage, and definitely used the drippings so lots of taste and plenty of pepper, the way I like it.  The biscuit was not great, though, not very thick, not flaky, like a large round flat disc.  I saw they also have a Strawberry Dessert Biscuit and I can't imagine it standing alone without the gravy.  On the expensive side also for what it was, $2.79.  Better than McDonalds, not as good as I hoped it would be, so I'm still looking.  I saw several people eating salads, sandwiches and malts, this was at breakfast time on Sunday, so I'm guessing they do full menu all the time they are open.  Based on the other reviews, I'll try again and hope for better luck at lunch.
3	Mixed review here. The Farmer's Burger is my husbands new favorite. Double patty, cheese, bacon, guacamole, and he is in love. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and it was ....just ok. For both our meals was $20 bucks, We both got chili cheese fries, I told the guy please no onions since I was allergic and after eating a few fries I discovered huge onion chucks so I traded for zucchini fries, also kind of blah. I guess we will stick to the burgers if we go back. Service was friendly, and not long of a wait.
2	My husband has been telling me about Farmer Boys for about a year. He tells me that they're out in Cali. I've never heard of them. Anyway, he decided to take me there because their burgers are supposed to be good or something. I think not. Maybe I was just really hungry and cranky. Oh wait, wouldn't that make the food taste better?! You order at the counter and they give you a number to post at your table. When it's ready, they bring it out to you. I asked him to order a cheeseburger and fries for me. I figured I'd get something simple since these burgers are supposed to be good. As we're waiting I notice the jets that are painted on the ceiling. I guess it was a tribute to the AF base? In any case, it was a little out of place considering that the wall and decor were country themed. Well, my burger comes out and under the bun is a whole mess of what looks like thousand island dressing. It wasn't a light smear.  It was a glob of it. Yuck! I managed to scrape it up and covered it with some ketchup and tabasco to mask any remains of the offending sauce. The burger itself didn't seem too bad but I think I was just turned off by the sauce. I have to say though, it wasn't the best burger I've had.  It's not even a mid-range burger for me. Would I do it again? Probably not.
4	Holy crap, what a burger.  Farmer Boys is one of my work spots, and I am so glad it is in this neighborhood.  The atmosphere is like a cross between your classic to-go burger joint, and your grandmother's house.  The food, amazing for a burger joint.  In the words of a friend of mine, "This place killed other hamburgers for me."The hamburgers here are full of taste.  Huge patties grilled to yummy perfection, and fresh veggies.  I love the one with with the guacamole, bacon, and cheese.  I try not to eat fast food, but this place makes it hard.  Farmer Boys rocks!!!
5	Absolutely Delicious. I had some burger ordered for me since i hadnt arrived yet. It had Guacamole and Bacon on it, and i had a side of onion rings with a Strawberry Shake. Ohhh man i had it for lunch and was full for a while. The Customer Service was great. And i didnt have any dessert because i was stuffed but i shall be back. Only Regret NOT GOING IN SOONER.
5	This place has the most amazing food! Sure, it takes a second longer than McDonalds to get your food, but the service is amazing and I've never had better fried zucchini better than theirs! I try to get something different every time I go and I have yet to be disappointed!! Absolutely delicious!!
4	The specialty burger was great. Ate for 3 and it was under $20. I recommend this place. Its a sit down restaurant with a drive through. Good service. Fresh food.
4	This was my first lunch outing to the Farmer Boys located on Lamb Boulevard. It was a surprisingly good experience in all respects. The Sourdough Chicken Avocado Sandwich included flame-broiled chicken breast meat, hickory-smoked Bacon, lettuce and tomato, what was billed as Provolone style cheese, mayonnaise, and fresh avocado on grilled sourdough bread. The main ingredient consisted of large hunks of fairly moist white chicken. The leafy lettuce was dark green and fresh, and the ripe tomato slice red throughout. Ample mayonnaise was spread on the bun. I would have preferred fresh slices of avocado instead of mashed avocado smeared on the sourdough, but it was a generous smear of fresh avocado. This filling sandwich sells for $5.79, but one can also get french fries and a soft drink with it for $3.29 more. Better yet, as I did, for someone willing to double the calorie count, the soft drink in the combo can be upgraded to a large milkshake for $1.80 more. My Chocolate Shake was rich and creamy. Vanilla is also available, as well as premium shakes with flavors of Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, Orange Cream, and Cookies 'n Cream for an additional 50 cents. My spouse's Fish Sandwich featured moist battered cod. All food looked and tasted fresh and wholesome. The fries were slightly crisp and tasty. Prices were reasonable for the large portions supplied. The friendly staff members at the restaurant were remarkably helpful and accommodating. They greeted all customers on arrival, and thanked them on departure. In between, they brought ordered food to the tables. Both a staff member and the restaurant manager circled around the tables and checked all customers on needed refills three times while I was there; graciously provided me with a requested cup of water despite selling bottles of Aquafina water; and brought requested ranch dressing to another customer. When one diner got up and tried to carry his tray to the trash bin, before he could take more than one step the tray was quickly wrested away from him by an employee, who promptly discarded the trash. The setting was comforting--perfect for comfort food! Booths had comfortable cloth backs sporting a green leaf design, and wooden tables were spread around the dining area far from the booths, along with green-cushioned wooden chairs. In recognition of the presence of nearby Nellis Air Force Base, the restaurant's ceiling was painted with fighter jets flying next to mountains. The jets were painted in a red, white, and blue design just like the Thunderbirds that are headquartered at Nellis AFB, and another similarly painted large ceramic jet was mounted in the center of the ceiling amidst the formation of USAF fighter jets. The walls reflected a country decor, with various homey kitchen implements mounted on them. If there is such a thing as an upscale fast-food restaurant, Farmer Boys on Lamb fits the profile.
4	I kinda grew up with Farmers Boys down in the IE of SoCal. I love the Farmers Burger with some extra Avocado. The Fried Zucchini Sticks are a meal in themselves and delicious. And the only place to get a decent breakfast burrito. Hugh portions, down home cooking and delicious. Was extremely happy to see that they are slowly expanding into the Las Vegas Valley. The only draw back (most of the FB in SoCal have plenty of semi parking, none here) is the parking, it is in a tight crowded area and difficult to see from Craig, you could miss it if you dont know where exactly it is at.
5	I tried it with Sharon who was skeptical and wanted to go to jolibee. I don't eat banana ketchup, so Farmer boys it is.  The place had clean restrooms and down home decor.  I guess some people can't get the Thunderbirds theme. Anyway on to the food. I had the double bacon cheese burger with onion rings and a peanut butter milkshake. The burger does have a juice issue, but better than greasy In n out. The onion rings ok, the milkshake was pretty damn good and I can't even do dairy. Overall the food was good and the price was right.
4	good food
3	I went to Farmer Boys expecting it to be a great burger place.  I believe their menu says something to the effect of "World's greatest burger".  In my humble opinion, it was most certainly not.  There were some surprises and some letdowns.First, let's talk about this burger.  I got the Farmer Burger since it was my first time there.  I really liked the fact that it came with all of the usual burger toppings and also had avocado.  The burger patties themselves were the disappointing part.  If you're not In-N-Out, I'm kind of over the thin patty thing.  If this is the world's greatest burger, I'm looking at it like I'm looking at my new friend at the nude beach, I want to be impressed by the meat.  Sadly at Farmer Boys, I was not impressed.The reason this review is three stars instead of two is for the sides.  I got the onion rings and the crispy zucchini.  The onion rings had a good batter and were quite large so the small order of only 4 rings wasn't really an issue.  The zucchini was surprise.  One small order of the crispy zucchini is literally a whole plant quartered and fried in the same batter as the onion rings.  Impressive, yes...practical, perhaps not.  I would have preferred a thinner cut so that they were actually crispy, but I did like the fact that it was a generous portion.The service was standard, and someone did come around the entire restaurant at one point and ask how everyone's meal was and offered to get guests anything they needed.
2	This place sucked!Non of our food came out the way it looked in the pictures. the brick this is very disgusting french toast was soggy, eggs were really runny and I ordered them scrambled, bacon was extra crispy as if it was microwaved too long.Overall, the only good thing about the place was that its spacious and the soda is good. The service was horrible and the cashier had a bad attitude like she was mad that she had to work today or something.Probably will never eat here again.
4	Yum for Farmer Boys!!! I freaking love this place. I could order 100 of their fried zucchini and never get tired of eating them; they are so delicious and perfect with ranch dressing. Unfortunately, I forgot that they had them so I had onion rings with my turkey bacon melt and took a half of my friend's zucchini stick. Even though it was crowded they were quick with my group's orders, and there were no complaints from my buddies. Not to mention the military discount, which I wasn't aware of before! I just might have to go to the one in my hometown in California more often -- the ones here in Vegas are a bit far away from where I live.The onion rings were also delicious and crunched easily (meaning the actual onion part didn't slide out of the batter when I took a bite). I find it easiest to take a knife and cut them in half before dipping it into ranch. Those were pretty good, too. Overall, great experience. I hope they open one closer to the UNLV area!
3	Avoid the drive thru.  Burgers were juicy, all toppings were extremely fresh.  Although it is a thin  patty, its very wide & filling.  The sides were meals in themselves so beware (the crispy zuchini was litterally a quartered & fried whole zuchini).  The breading in the zuchini was very light & tasty.  It had a sweet note that paired perfectly with the veggie.  Four people ate for approx. $25.00.  The only reason this isnt a five start review; the drive thru service lacked to say the least.  The guy seemed like he really didnt want to work that night...the burgers were slapped together & had to be reasembled before we could eat them.  Crispy zuchini was thrown in the bag with everything on top causing most of the breading to fall off.  Chili fries ordered w/o onions arrived w/ onions.  I will eat here again, however, it will be a dine in meal.
3	Farmer Boys is OK for a change. Nothing spectacular here, just good food, good price.I do find that they slop too much mustard on the burgers.  Not one of the top burger places in Vegas.
1	I am sitting here regretting I ever came.  The men's bathroom was broke, no water to was up.  Had to use the ladies.   The food came out looking different from the pic menu.   My burger bread was stale & falling apart.  The chili cheese fries tasted like reheated leftovers.  The onion rings were bland as well.  Only the milkshake was good.   Overall I feel I was robbed of $26 for lunch.   Never again & I will tell all my friends on base & civilian.
3	The portions are huuuge. The burgers are great, kinda like a Whataburger (it's a Texas thang) on steroids. The zucchini sticks are mental. I don't know where they grow their zucchini (apparently, they have their own zucchini farm...I reckon on 3-Mile Island), but they are monster huge. Do NOT order 7; you won't be able to eat 4 on your own! 20 bucks for two of us. You order up front then a nice person brings it to your table. Nice family restaurant decor. Friendly staff. Good food. It's A-OK. Nothing to write home about, but we like the place and will likely go back if we are in the area. In fact, I have to go back because I saw some giant onion rings on another table...they look amazing.
2	The love child of Denny's, IHOP and Fridays....kind of.While the place is clean and casual, I can't really say anything great about the food.  I've had a charbroiled chicken salad here, and a few of the breakfast options.  Nothing was horrible, but nothing was good either.  Mushy eggs, toast drenched in butter, bland A-typical salad with packaged dressing (Kraft I think). I love that the calorie content of each item is listed right on the menu, but honestly this should deter a lot of you from ordering some of the items.  Most of the wraps are 850+ calories, and for something that heavy, it better be good.....it isn't.If you're in the area and pressed for time, this isn't a bad option for something relatively quick that's not fast food.
3	Farmer Boys is very close to my home... I have eaten at this location since they opened...  The burgers are pretty good, and reasonably priced... Burgers are what they are known for,,, I have also ordered the Hot Pastrami,,  served on a ciabatta roll with pickle, provolone and mustard... I like it,,,   The fried veggies are good,, not a big fan of the onion rings, they are large, and dont seem to cook,, the fries, are fries..  I like the fish and chips,,, The fish is pollack,,, i dont know if its battered there or comes in frozen,,, not the best but it hit the spot for 6.95,,, how much i a 3 peice at Long John Siilver about the same.. I had had the cobb salad, its a nice size, worth the 6.95...       In closing i would eat here over all the fast food joints in town... Burgers are good, on par with the chains like ruby tuesay, fridays, etc  definitely better than the fast food burgers even IN/OUT...  Try it,, its ok better quality for the buck in my opinion...
3	A fondly remembered taste of SoCal.I was pretty happy to find this place,  here in L.V. Well, the double cheese burgerwas just as tasty, and smelled just as good as I remembered. The yellow chilismade it perfect. The fries, however, were another story. They were greasy and verysoggy.  A bit more spendy than I remember,  too.I'll probably eat here again if I'm in the neighborhood - but I'll forego the fries.
3	Every couple months I'll take a Friday lunch break and head over to the Farmer Boys for a big, bad Farmer Combo...double bacon cheese burger with avocado, a pile of fries(ranch, please)and an iced tea(just ok). While it isn't the cheapest fast food available, I find it MUCH tastier than any national chains.  Similar to a high quality LA- style burger stand. Extensive menu, food made fresh and good potions are worth an extra $2 to me on the rare occasion I go out for lunch.     Today was kind of a bummer however as the line was longer than usual and only two cashiers were working the front instead of the usual 3 or 4. It took 25 minutes to get our order in rather than usual 5 or 10, which absolutely blows especially when you're staring at everyone else's pltes of goodness!  Fortunately our meals came out quickly and tasted as great as always. Quick and friendly staff here, they just needed a few more today and for that reason it was a 3 Star lunch overall although the food always hovers closer to 4 IMO.
2	Been here several times now and it's still just ok. Folks I work with like to frequesnt this place, but I am just not as enthusiastic as they are. Grilled cheese is pretty good, but I'll be darned if I am "going out to eat" just to have grilled cheese!Call me crazy!
3	My husband and I went here for lunch and were pretty impressed with the burgers though definitely not the fries.  The burgers are large and cooked to order.  I got one with guacamole and could only eat half of it.  The meat seemed like it was fresh, not frozen.  They're messy but worth it.  The fries, on the other hand, were horrible.  I don't know if the same oil is used to fry other food, i.e. fish, but the fries had a faint fish taste to them.  NOT good!  Maybe it was time to empty the and refill the oil but either way, fishy fries are not my thing.  The tables around us were all having breakfast and when I go back I will for sure try that.  It looked great! I will say that the menu offered a TON of things so there's something to please everyone.  And a nice touch was the hand delivery of food to the table.  It makes you feel like you're in a place that's a notch above the typical fast food joint.  Definitely would recommend but beware of the fries!
4	Two words...Crispy Zucchini!!!
5	For a fast food place the service is awesome. For any place the service was awesome. Went in right before closing and the staff was awesome.We kept looking at the menu after we ordered and the employee offered us a pamphlet for to go orders.He also explained menu items to me.The have a good selection of food.I had corn chowder and a Cobb salad wrap. The pricing was spot on and the place was very clean.I felt very valued and respected as a customer so shout out to the night crew. I'd definitely go back.
2	Ok... Don't get me wrong. I love their food and I go to this location about once a month. I used the drive thru and I waited 20mins... In a drive thru! I felt bad for the 2 more cars behind me. They were probably there for an hour. And as I ate my club sandwich, there was a hair on the lettuce of my sandwich. I wasn't trying to go back and wait 20 more mins just to go and complain. I recommend their food but maybe try a different location. If you need to come here, watch out  for hair in your food and be ok to wait
4	I really like this place. First time i ate here, I had the jalepeno ranch burger (i think that's what it was called) with onion rings. Burger was great, but the onion rings were just ok. the batter they use has a weird thickness/ texture. Second time I ate here, I had the 3 eggs with bacon, hash browns and sour dough toast. This was pretty good for a "fast food" place. I will definitely eat here again.
4	Another outing to this Farmer Boys again resulted in fresh food and excellent customer service.  New England Clam Chowder was smooth and potatoey.  Lightly battered and golden fish filets were very good and tasty.  So was a juicy 1/2 lb. Farmer Burger with American Cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions and Thousand Island Dressing, although my hamburger was medium well instead of medium rare as I requested.  Big battered Onion Rings were very good, while unsalted French Fries were good.  A creamy Vanilla Milk Shake was very satisfying, as usual.
1	This is the second time I've been to Farmer Boys, and definitely the last. The first time I had a club sandwich, which was ok. This morning I had the 3-egg combo: a congealed lump of eggs, hash browns that were barely cooked, and soggy 'toast' with margarine. Fresh food and quality ingredients are not a Farmer Boys standard, nor is the level of care when preparing food. Will not return.
3	Not bad at all. Good burger, worth the price, fast service, nothing special though. If you're hungry and like burgers go here, if you're all snobby and weird go somewhere else, and get looser fitting jeans, take the beanie off its 90 degress, and ok we get it you have a 71 Schwinn, actually that's pretty cool, how much you want for it? What? that's way too much, now I don't like your Schwinn anymore Blake, and that's all you had going for you.  But seriously check this place out May 4th, get your car washed and eat some burgers. The car wash proceeds help a good cause and a portion of food sales do too, I think, I'll correct that if I find out otherwise. Get the avocado bacon cheeseburger.....duh.
4	Awesome food, fast service but a little pricey for fast food. I had a patty melt and onion rings and they were both very tasty. Food comes out very quickly and seems to be made to order. This place gets busy at lunch so be sure to come early to avoid a line. I would come back if I were in the area again.
4	What is this place?? Is it a restaurant? Or is it fast food?? hmmmmDefinitely an interesting concept that seems to work really well. Decor is odd and random but the atmosphere is fun. Huge portions and quick service is offered here and the food is pretty good but I do agree that it is pricier than your typical fast food spot. I had the Farmer's Burger with onion rings and for a lunch mean it got me a little too full, which is my fault for not putting the onion rings down and walking away. I am curious of their other menu choices because their burger and onion rings were legit, so I would think the other options would satisfy anyone's hunger pains.
5	Great Shakes!! Great Service!
1	This is a paradise for eaters of dead animals, but not so much for vegetarians, despite the claim of "farm to table."  I certainly consider myself an omnivore, yet found the menu took heavy on fried, cheesy, bready stuff.  Table service was S L O W, and the men's room smelled like it hadn't been cleaned in several days.  When the store is located in Las Vegas, it gets hot, and you need good ventilation/AC.  That wasn't the case here.
4	Stopped in for breakfast while I was waiting for a windshield installation down the street at Safelight (after a recommendation from Rick at SL).We had:Country Fried Chicken Bowl: I got the gravy on the side. The bowl was built simply with hash browns, eggs, and a fried chicken patty. The chicken was definitely more succulent than it appeared and overall, I was very satisfied with my meal.Farmer Bowl (I think that's what it's called): this comes with peppers, zucchini, ham, sausage, bacon, hash brown potatoes, eggs and cheese. I didn't try this dish, but it looked good. If only it came with toast, or we had thought to order an extra side of toast.. Hmm..Hot Chocolate: ordinary, but what's wrong with ordinary? I enjoyed it.For around $18 (before the discount), we had 2 complete breakfasts. I'd say it's a pretty good deal if you're in a pinch and don't have time for a full service breakfast place. We both decided that we'd prefer the Cracked Egg, but this place is right around the corner, service is quick, and the price is right. I'm definitely planning on coming back to try the burgers, but kind of expect them to be a disappointment.. but until then- I was very happy with breakfast and would go back in a heartbeat.20% off $10+ when you redeem your check in offer!
4	Really enjoyed this place. It's really good food. Don't let the drive thru fool you, i got a full breakfast that was just as good if no better then any diner. My husband loved his burger and said "very yummy", he's a man of very few words so saying that is big. It really nice to be able to go some where that gives you a large selection.  For your first time don't go in the drive thru because you will be there forever looking at the menu and deciding what you want. The only reason its a 4 star was its a little pricey but really worth it.
2	Every so often when I am heading out of town on the I-15, I will stop at this Farmer Boys to get a meal to go. My most recent visit was on a Friday around 6 pm. My husband ordered  grilled chicken sandwich and fries, I had the California BLT. We each had an order of fries, and I had an iced tea. A full 20 minutes after I placed the order, I observed a woman that had been waiting when I arrived go up to the cashier to cancel her order. A few minutes later, the manager sent an employee over to ask what I had ordered. Not a good sign. I could deal with paying $20 and waiting almost 30 minutes to get our food, if it was good. However, it was not. My husband's chicken was extremely dry and the condiments were only on about 1/3 of the bun. The bread on my sandwich was soggy. The avocado that made my BLT a California BLT was almost non-existent. Both sandwiches seemed like they were thrown together as quickly as possible, which was a disappointment after waiting so patiently for so long. I hate writing this review, because to me it appeared that all of the employees at Farmer Boys were working hard... But my watch, wallet and tastebuds were all disappointed with this experience. I don't expect to ever go back.
2	New to Vegas and the food was okay. The wait was very long, some of the food was bland. The onion rings had no flavoring. The staff was very nice and the atmosphere was very welcoming and family oriented as well!
4	I was really sad when we pulled up. I had thought they were a diner so when I saw there was a drive thru we almost left. However, they are more like a diner and a fast food place had a baby. You order at the front just like fast food, but since it's made to order, you take a table number and find a spot while you wait for them to deliver your food. As such, the prices were really good.As a gluten free vegetarian my options were severely limited (like they always are) but I did get fries, a side salad and a shake. The shake had real strawberries and was hands down one of the best shakes I have ever had. Fries were good, not amazing, but good. The salad, hmm, I would skip the salad. It was just lettuce and tomatoes - nothing bad, just really extraordinarily boring. Hubby had a greasy spoon type breakfast which he dug, so all was good.I wouldn't make this a Vegas destination, but if you are headed out of town and feeling like a dork for not having eaten anything when you had options, then this place is great.PS: They have veggie burgers :)
4	Excellent food (both quality and quantity).  My stuck-in-the-80s price consciousness wants me to say it's a bit expensive, but, really, it's not.  The prices are about average for this kind of place nowadays.  And, considering the quality and quantity of the food, a good case could be made for saying it's IN-expensive.  If my wife and I could agree on a meal, we could very easily eat too much with just one entree.  So, food and price-wise, no problem.  The reason I'm bringing it down a star from 5 stars is because it's a stand-in-the-line-to-order kind of place and the line management is a bit lacking (single-queue, multi-server -- but the line location is odd).  That's probably not worth a whole star down, but I can't do half-stars.  They'll be opening one of these really close to our house fairly soon.  We'll be there.
5	Really enjoy the great service and great fresh foods! The farmers chopped Cobb salad is my favorite and omg the ranch dressing is the way I love it!
3	I know it's a chain-get over it. The food is always hot and I like the fact my food is brought to my table instead of hanging out and waiting for my # to be called. I also like how they have the calories for each of their items posted on the big board. Makes healthy decisions easier to make. Most of their combos are over 1000 calories so choose wisely. Oh, and just because it says salad, doesn't mean it's low calorie.
5	Love this place but kind of expensive. Messy greasy burgers. What more could you want?
5	It is unusual to give a fast food place a 5 star but this definitely deserves the rating.  Manager/cashier took extra time to help us with the menu, making suggestions about add-ons and explaining the preparation of items of interest. The service was prompt and we were checked on a couple of times by friendly staff after lunch arrived.  The place was very busy but food was coming out pretty quickly.  The pastrami sandwich was  excellent with a generous amount of meat.  My bacon burger with provolone was a gourmet indulgence.  Be prepared for a "run down your arm" delight.  Yummmm. We opted for the onion rings and zucchini sides.  Enjoyed the rings with the different than usual breading.  One zucchini was delicious but the other could have been cooked more.  However the portions on each lunch were so generous that we couldn't finish anyway.  Be sure to check in to receive their promotion which I didn't do but we felt the prices were more than fair for the amount and quality of  food received.  We hope to find another Farmer Boys on our travels.
3	Had breakfast today -Mother's Day- good service, good food, but it's always a struggle to get decaf coffee, and forget about refills you have to hunt them down...that's when they are available. Other than that alls good.
1	We went to the new one on tropical. I can say that we had never eaten at a Farmer Boy Restaurant, so we were excited to try it out. The star was for fast polite service but not for the food. We ordered two barn burner combos. I had the split side zucchini and onion rings and my husband had fries and had his burger no onions. Being they recently opened it was packed. The placement of the soda machine was awkward where only one person could get drinks and hurry to find the lids with no where to place your drinks down. When we finally found a seat our order was brought to us. My sides were not right, so we told them and they brought me the onion rings. Then my husbands burger didn't have the jalepenos that should be in the burger and had LOTS of onions! We decided share my jalepenos and scrape the onions off because by this time we were starving. Well after 4 bites my burger was pink and cold and seemed like I was eating a salad. I went to try my onion rings and they had no taste what so ever. By this time we had had enough of the loud conversations where I could barely hear my husband ask me for the ketchup. We left needless to say that my husband didn't finish his meal either. It was a disappointment.
1	I went to the new location on tropical.  We have been waiting for this burger place to open.  We went last night and it was packed.  Our onions rings were soggy and so was our burgers.  My burger was still slightly pink and not cooked all the way through.  It was pricey and i will not go back.  The service there was bad but they were so busy.  My soda had only carbonation and no dr pepper.  Very dissapointed
3	The service here is great! Every time I have eaten here the staff is patient (I have an indecisive 8 year old), helpful in explaining menu items, very friendly and efficient. The food is nothing spectacular, it's just ok. It's average "diner" type food, comparable to Denny's and IHOP.  The servings are typically pretty large and likely make the average person full.  It's a bit pricey though and never seems to be worth the money.
2	We waited 30 minutes for our food (in the drive through)... Then had to come back for silverware... Food is average but EXPENSIVE!   Not coming back!
5	I was very impressed with the breakfast... Namely the coffee... For a very reasonable price. Being las vegas, you don't go into places expecting "southern hospitality" but the staff was very friendly. Restrooms clean and again great fast food coffee.A very restaurant feel with the fast food quality of a franchise as this. My only concern is for this comoany to branch back towards chicagoland
4	The food is good and fresh. We've had issues with our order before but was always fixed no issue at all. I haven't had anything that was bad yet, burgers are yummy. The all natural is really good. I'd rather have Farmer Boy's over In n Out anyday.
1	The problem I have with Farmer Boys is their drive thru food.  If I eat inside the omelets are perfect.  When I order an omelet thru the drive thru the omelet is folded over with a piece of cheese slapped on top that is not even melted.  If I buy french toast inside, it has all of the extras on the french toast.  If I order it at the drive thru, the french toast is plain.  Talking to other people that I know that go there, they say they have experienced the same thing.
5	Yummy fast casual burgers, sandwiches and salads. Excellent service and people. We will be back next time we are down her at the Bullring at LVMS!
4	I have had breakfast a couple of times and burgers for lunch here and it the best of both.  There is no table service, but for the quality of the food and the price, I will be back.I have tried several burger joints in Vegas and this is the best so far.
3	Just ok. Nothing special. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but it's a nice environment for a week day escape from the office.
3	I usually grab an Animal-Style Double-Double from In-N-Out whenever I'm in town because there isn't a location where I'm from. However, my aunt & uncle insisted I check out Farmer Boys because they said their portions are generous. They weren't kidding, but the flavors were okay-- nothing spectacular. I did like that they didn't skimp when I requested avocado, but I would've been just as content with a Quarter Pounder from McD's or a Whopper at BK. Service was great though.
4	Not a bad place ... Breakfast was good .. No servers so it feels like fast food place ... But over all good ..
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this place.I though 7.50 was a little high just for a burger,but it was huge and I could barley finish it.It was actually really good and I loved the avacado on it.
5	Fantastic hearty breakfast! Wow and all the staff are extremely nice!! I used the 20% discount & had a very tasty farmers bowl that Completely filled me up for the day!Stop by & enjoy their organic farm raised menu & welcoming atmosphere by all the staff.
3	This location seems to mess up one order out of 6 that I order each time I go for my coworkers.  The thing is the food is so good that we risk it anyway because it is close by and we have been going since they opened.  I love the bbq chicken ranch wrap, and recently had their breakfast which was also fabulous.  It's kind of like an IHOP with a drive through.  The people are always super nice as well.
1	Long long long wait in drive thru.  For hard freaking chicken strips.  Overpriced.  Overrated.  Food was either overcooked or under a heat lamp all day.   A waste of a good location they could put a better fast food joint.
