3	A small place that delivers a large menu,Unless its summer you normally find one customer having the Beef soup here.  The soup will make you feel like you are in someone's house, just amazing and served in a very large bowel with rice and tortillas.
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants on earth! Get ready for a pretty authentic experience complete with Mexican dubbed movies and sometimes Soccer matches on a small television and sometimes some people who appear to be hispanic in origin actually eat here! :-)This restaurant features all kinds of traditional caldos, served traditionally. I like to get the Caldo De Pollo and a big lado de cilantro which I dump in when I get sick. I always ask for a separate plate because the chicken is essentially poached in the broth and I take the skin and bones off on a plate. It is worth the trouble and comes in a huge steaming bowl with some hot fresh tortillas. I have never been able to finish the whole thing all at once.Caldo de Res is a big favorite of the customers here, but I must confess I never have ordered it. It comes accompanied with huge sides of limes and onion and cilantro and Fresh Tortillas.The Enchiladas here are Estillo Jalisco and come grilled with sauce on top. More like a quesadilla than a casserole. Freshly prepared Corn Tortillas really set this apart as my very favorite restaurant for a good hearty Jalisco style breakfast! The beans they serve are incredible too! I am a big fan of huevos rancheros but always opt to leave the rice and cheese off of the plate to save room for a tortilla or two. Tortillas are natural for sopping up all of the eggy saucy beany goodness! Consider having this for brunch with a vegan friend who is eating calabacitas with guac some Coronas. *sigh* -this is the essense of Phoenix. The friendliest staff who you will ever meet. I really grew to love the family who run this place, they are very good people with a genuine talent for food!For lunch my favorite dish here is the Red Chile special (again, these are served with the best tortillas in town, and again I leave the rice off of the plate, even though it is perfectly delicious rice)For a Dinner date, I really like the molcajette (I think I spelled it right!) because it is big and flashy with lot's of different flavors within. It comes with grilled white cheese and nopalitos, mexican sausages, carne asada and shrimp among other things, homemade tortillas and chunky soft fresh guacamole -you get the picture? Bueno Bueno!Very rare traditional items can be found on this menu, and the place doesn't take reservations and can get crowded.The service is Mexican style -they will not drop the check until you ask them to -because they don't want you to feel rushed :-) totally authentic.  They are happy to bring you the check right away if you ask!
1	So disappointing. After fantasizing about a Friday night dinner out ALL DAY, we decided to try this local dive. We had previously been to Rosita's place down the street and wondered how two Mexican restaurants could compete so close to each other. Well, I'm still wondring. Rosita's Place was excellent. La Barquita was so mediocre that I spent the entire next day fantasizing about where to go out on Saturday to quell my unsated desire to have a good meal at a restaurant.We got there at 8 on Friday. Hours are listed as open until 9. We were the ONLY people in the place other than the lone waitress, one cook, and two old dudes playing guitar. They approached us at one point and asked us if we wanted a song (man, I HATE that--but no big deal, it's a dive.), and we politely declined.  No one greeted us when we walked in, I had to go back to the kitchen to see if they were really open.The waitress was very friendly and service was prompt, once we were noticed. We ordered the posole, queso fundido with chorizo, 3 sopes with steak, and a chicken burro with red sauce. It was all *okay*, nothing to write home about. The queso was literally a dish of broiled cheese with crumbled chorizo, which, as soon as it came out of the oven, started to congeal and we actually had to cut it with a knife.I had to ask for more salsa because the shot-glass portion that came with our chips was gone in uno minuto. It was tasty salsa, though.About halfway through our meal, the waitress started mopping the floor of the restaurant with very potent disinfectant. I could practically taste it, and she was actually mopping around our feet! Nothing says "hurry up and get out" like the scent of bleach in your food...She followed us to the door after we paid and, as I predicted, locked that sucker the second we stepped out. 8:30pm. Well, now I don't have to wonder about this place and I can keep going to Rosita's...
4	We had a marvelous lunch of seafood tostado grande and grilled salmon with mushroom and garlic sauce.  It was as good as it gets!  Iced tea, cold beer with lime in a salt-rimmed mug --what else is there in life!?!Yes, it is a divey neighborhood joint.  But the attentive service makes up for the "comfy" decor.
5	La Barquita is THE BEST Mexican food I have had... EVER!  I ordered the Chile Verde and Horchata.  Here's the deal folks, you know you are in for an amazing experience when the waitress tells you "I just made the corn tortillas this morning... they are fresh".  If you want an Americanized Mexican food encounter, then pull up a chair at Macayo's or Rosita's and drive right past La Barquita.I look forward to seeing some other folks chime in on this one!  A real local, hand made, mouthwatering time.PS $3.50 Margaritas all the time... $2.00 during happy hour.  Beat that Rosita!!
4	Not sure what was wrong with me, I noticed that I gave La Barquita a three star.  I apologize for such a low review.  There rice is great, and the food is nothing but quality.  I get the soup, I suggest for those colder days or sick days to try it out.  I"m glad so many other people tried this Mexican restaurant its not an easy place to find.
5	A few months ago, I was fortunate to be in the valley of the sun for a visit. I live in this cold place up north now. I am cold and I complain about the temperature and the food.La Barquita is the food that most represents what I miss the most in Arizona. Warm, unpretentious, inexpensive, honest and good.In September I noticed that they painted the walls and got new linoleum and I thought back a few years before and remember Lupe dreaming about new linoleum, since the floor was stained by the previous owner. The new linoleum is a victory for all who love really good food.Oh? And Rosita's? Someone I read actually wrote a review saying Rosita's was better? Are you high honey? Rosita's is a 3* uses store bought tortillas and microwaved a few of my taco plates too many. They have a big empty bar with a couple of coyote looking guys and one of my friends likes the shrimp tacos so I went there a few times but the microwave thing and the atmosphere are a bit rough.La Barquita is a MUCH better restaurant if you have taste buds or some understanding. Where else in town can you get Huevos Divorciados or Birria or gordonoz fritz? This is the place.I want a La Barquita  red chili pork plate! I can't get it here -they always make it with beef and only a few places I have discovered actually make tortillas from scratch, all of them a cold train ride away.
3	I stopped in for lunch, and found this to be like many other Mexican places in the valley - not bad, but nothing spectacular, and not really worth making a special trip to.I ordered a steak chimi with rice. Both were decent, as were the chips and salsa. Nothing really jumped out at me.I suppose it's a decent place, but I've been happier at some of the chains like Macayo's or Arriba.
5	This place is amazing!!!  This place is the very definition of a 'hole in the wall' and it totally delivers on every level.  I have had the Chile Colorado, Steak Picado, and sampled the Chicken Mole.....all have been fantastic.  And if you like real homemade corn tortillas...this is the place to go.  If you go while they have Happy Hour, don't be afraid to order the Margarita.  It's not  the usual pint sized glass you get at most Happy Hours....this is a legitimate fullsize 'Rita!  I can't wait to go back again to try something new!
3	Had a "get $20 worth of food for $10" offer online, so I wanted to try this place.Gonna have to give this place a big ole' "Meh."Compared to Playa Hermosa, this joint is definitely a  3 to their 5.I had the Molcajete Mariscos (which I also had a Playa) to compare the two.  Playa's version is MUCH tastier and has more food in it.  Less "gloppy."The service was a little disjointed (for which I don't reduce stars unless it falls into the TERRIBLE range) in that I had to ask her twice for a couple of things, and she was not overloaded.  My requests seemed to just fall on the backside of remembrance.The $2 Happy Hour Maggies were decent tasting, although small-ish when you consider the total quantity of fluid.  They were well-spiked though, as I did get a little buzz from having just two of them.The salsa and chips were above-average I think - the salsa both red and a little smoky and chunky.  Chips on the thick side.I'd try them again, just to see the range of the offerings.As people who follow my reviews will notice, I did indeed follow my rule of never giving a highly-rated place 1 or 2 stars after  just one visit.  Can't have a full knowledge of all that goes on there from just a single visit, IMHO.
5	We went in today for a Happy Hour / Cena with a Spanish Language Meetup group. We enjoyed an amazing event! The Happy Hour items & prices were fantastic! I've been eating Mexican food since 1954, and I grew up on Sonoran cuisine, The excellent appetizers and entrees were unlike any other restaurant I know, and the staff was so friendly, so this was a new experience. The Jaliscan specialties were all staggeringly excellent, and we shared so many plates of them! The shredded beef, house-made chorizo, and salsa were perfectly tasty & original. Shrimp wrapped in tocino? WOW! Some items were too salty. I got a birria burro to go for breakfast, and I'm confident it'll be the high point of my day! Our group unanimously agreed to come back here to sample the extensive menu. You can't go wrong here!
4	4.5 stars for my love of good dive-y Mexican restaurants. I went to La Barquita a few weeks ago on a Friday night at the tail end of Happy Hour. I have to say that La Barquita serves the largest and best $2 margarita I have ever had. I love to get tipsy for under a fiver. (It's $2, so don't expect top shelf or even middle shelf tequila. This is cheap tequila, but so is the drink. )Service: Sweet and very nice ladies serve you and make sure you are enjoying yourself. Excellent service for a dive restaurant.Food: Holy mole the food was great. I got the mole enchiladas with cheese. They were delicious. And some good rice and beans on the side. My friend ordered the molcajetes a la mexicana for one ($12). He loved it. He is a sucker for chorizo and he said it was cooked perfectly. He also loved the Mexican cheese, chicken, beef, and poblano peppers that completed the dish. The charro beans, fresh tortillas, guacamole, and rice were wonderful additions to the almost overwhelming amount of food. My three favorite things about the meal were:1) the chips and salsa -- great smoky flavor to the salsa with good, thick chips.2) the guacamole -- I almost ate all of the side guac. It's chunky and seasoned just right.3) the fresh tortillas -- I'm a a big fan of fresh tortillas. My best friend makes her own tortillas and I am sure that they are holy because they are so good. These tortillas were just as wonderful.Go here for happy hour ($2 drinks) and good food.
4	This place is hole-in-the-wall awesome.  I had the shrimp fajitas and they were bomb!  Their refried beans are unique, they're not gross like you'd usually expect - they were flavorful and delicious.  The guac was top-notch as well.However, their service was really, really slow today.  Only go for a work lunch if you have the time to spare!!
5	If  you get the chance to go here, you will never go to another mexican restaurant in town again. The food is probably higher quality than most. The use real mexican cheese instead of cheddar and jack that the others use. It is very traditional, and they have a dish called a molcajete. Its wonderful. This restaurant is  a great find. Dont miss it.
4	Gonna have to up this one star after my second visit.Went back for lunch with one of my lunch Amigas and it was a good experience.Salsa was yummalicious and the chips were warm, crunchy, and fresh.The homemade tortillas were totally yummy.I had the Carne Asada w/grilled shrimps.  Steak was thin and didn't have a lot of seasoning, but was T-E-N-D-E-R which is a rare find in a Mexican food place.  Most steaks are tough, and many of them have gristle.  Good to know this one is top-notch.Beans were good, salad was decent, rice was fairly blah.The one knock this time was service - again, like last time, the servers were slow to respond to an empty salsa bowl and an empty water glass.Above average joint, but still not quite in the same class as Mariscos Playa Hermosa, which is my #1 Mexican Seafood stop in the PHX.
5	if you have never eaten here you are missing out on some of the best mexican food in phx. Their sauces are great, the mexican dish molcajete is fabulous. His margaritas and regular drinks are great. dont miss this place.
4	I feel like this is the place that us "Gringos" are looking for when we are trying to get the inside scoop on the best Mexican food hidden gem in the city.
5	Molcajete a la Mexicana:  One of the best things I have ever eaten. .
4	Just off the airport. Place is cleAn and Good Mexican food.I like the fried majora tilapia.
5	I went here because of all the great photos on Yelp, and I was NOT disappointed.  My husband and I both ordered the pork carnitas fajitas.  I don't know if I can order anything else, they were so good.  The chips came out with a smoky and hot salsa.  The fajitas came out sizzling.  There were green and red peppers, onions and mushrooms with the perfectly cooked pork.  Oh my, this skinny girl ate a lot!  I can't wait to go back.  I am thrilled as I don't like the cheesy Sonoran fare served at most Mexican restaurants around town.
4	This little hole in the wall is a gem, although it looks more like plain old rock from the outside.  Don't let the looks fool you.  Took the better half to dinner here last week and she was a bit apprehensive from the start.  Small parking lot, not much to look at on the outside, and really not too much on the inside either.  But the food changes everything.  I had the molcajete, which had beef, chicken, chorizo, some cotija cheese and a nopale.  It came out piping hot in a big bowl with beans and guacamole on the side.  Fantastic.  Even better were the made-in-house corn tortillas served with it.  Just take a little bit of everything and wrap it in one of those fantastic tortillas and your taste buds will thank you.  My girlfriend had the fajitas and from what I tried, they were fantastic as well.   When she couldn't finish hers and we had it wrapped for home, they threw in some extra homemade corn tortillas.  Great place if you are ever on that side of town.  Good food and friendly service.  We will be back.
4	I agree, the Molcajete was awesome (even for $12). Unlike anything I've had. Great seasoning & flavor. The bottom of the bowel has loose chorizo & steak was tender. My wife loved it too. Margaritas were ok. Chile Rellano was not that good. Super cold Tacate served with lime & salt. Salsa was mild & needed salt/heat added but agree good smokey flavor. Will definitely go back for the Molcajete & Tacate. Solid 4 stars
5	This is the very very best Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Nothing compares. Everything I have tried there has been perfectly prepared, fresh, and delicious. The Molcajetes are to die for. I had the Molcajete de Camaron and my husband had the A La mexicans and we thought they were both delicious. My mouth was watering for my husband A La Mexicana just on the presentation alone. Great place.
3	There is a good reason everyone else has raved about the molcajetes at this place.  It is probably the best dish to order here and is very good.  I wish they would have given me more tortillas though; I only had three, and it is a lot of food to eat.  You have to chop all the ingredients up yourself, but once you do that it is cool enough to eat after having come out sizzling hot to the table!My family ordered various other plates and they didn't seem as jazzed as me about their selections.  My mom had the Pozole.  It was really good actually but the portion is HUGE, so make a meal out of it by itself.  My dad griped that his tacos dorados with shredded beef weren't deep fried like they do in all the taco shops in the the southwestern states.  At least they were a bit healthier this way.  I liked them.The chips and salsa brought to the table were good.  I liked the salsa a lot - a nice spicy and smoky flavor.  The margaritas, however, left something to be desired.  They put way too much sweet and sour and triple sec.  Even at $3.50 I think I would just stick with a beer.
5	I am the Mayor of La Barquita.Bow down.
4	The food is absolutely delicious. The corn tortillas are made fresh and the service is great.The only thing this restaurant needs is an interior design makeover but other than that it's a great place to eat.
4	great food...definitely going back....sort of dirty(maybe a bit short handed)....the goat birria was great and the Mojolete too
4	In Phoenix visiting friends and catching the Springsteen show. We live in Austin and it's hard to find Mexican food there that isn't tex-mex influenced. Wanted to get some birria, so hard to find in most places and almost impossible in Texas. Did a good search, found this place. just took everyone and wow, this place is awesome.   I would absolutely go back if i lived out here, and would love to have this place in Austin.  We had the birria and the molcajete, just awesome. If you like authentic mexican food and are fine with kind of a hole in the way type of atmosphere, this is your place. Try it, you'll love it.
4	Best Chile rellano ever!
5	Love the food. Especially the fajitas.  Very friendly staff.
1	Never again. I was so excited to try this restaurant based on the reviews but was disappointed by their service. First, they served chips with salsa (which was good) but for a party of 5, they served very little. We asked for more and they told us they had ran out of chips. Wait, that wasn't even the problem. I was the first to get my carne asada burrito and our waitress says, "we gave you extra beans because we've ran out of rice. Is that OK?" I didn't want to be rude about it but what kind of Mexican restaurant runs out of chips and rice? Oh, needless to say, they served canned soda, and when we asked for another Pepsi...guess what they said? They ran out! I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. Rosita's place, which is a block down was beyond better!
5	Delicious hole in the wall! Authentic through and through!!! Try the carne asada quesadilla, enchilada suizas or the chile relleno
4	Love the flautas from here! They are so moist inside. The lunch specials are a great price at about $5! They have canned soda which I prefer! I hate paying 2.50 or 2.75 for a fountain drink when I usually only have one glass. Service is always good. The only thing I didn't like were the enchiladas. I was really disappointed. It seems like they took a soft corn tortilla put white cheese in it and put it in the microwave. They sprinkle a bit of white cheese on top that isn't melted. I prefer the usual enchilada with cheddar cheese baked and melted cheese.
4	Read about this place serving a great Mexican breakfast and it lived up to its billing. The Mrs ordered Huevos Divorciados which I haven't seen outside Mexico. It was killer. I had the Chilaquiles (very good) and the nipper had Pancakes, which didn't look like much but were delicious. Excellent homemade corn tortillas proved that the place is most certainly legit, and all at very cheap prices.It was only 10am, so it was an hour or two early for me, but the vibey surroundings made me want to start necking beers, cranking the mariachi tunes and watch the footy.
5	This is great Authentic Mexican food for a great price.I went for Happy Hour had their appetizers they were delicious.I didnt like their Margaritas.  But thats ok the good food made up for it.I had breakfast with a friend a few weeks later and it was just delicious.I recommend it to everyone.
5	The place is not high scale place but the food is delicious.  The pozole was good with fresh hand made tortillas.  Chips and the famous salsa.Shop local, support local businesses.Prices are reasonable from $5 - $11
4	We had an Entertainment Book coupon and checked their ratings on yelp so we decided to give La Barquita a try. The place is a dive and was pretty much as expected after reading the reviews. It was clean and the servers were friendly and helpful. We decided to try the combos and that was a good choice. There was plenty of food and it was very fresh and cooked properly. The salsa was very flavorful but a bit mild so we asked for some hotter salsa. The waitress mixed some of the Habanera in with it and it was perfect. Their Chili Rellinos were some of the best I have had. Overall it was a nice meal and I would recommend their food to anyone just realize the place is very divey but overall enjoyable.
5	This place was simply great and delicious. It was more of a serendipitous find. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food but this place definitely made me a believer! I got the Mexican molcajete. I didn't know what it was but seeing the picture I had to get it! Boy was I right! It was so good! It's like a fajita cooked in a stone bowl with simmering salsa, adding extra flavoring to the meat. A MUST GET. my wife got the 7 mares soup. Also very good. A great portion of sweet shrimp, scallops, squid, zucchini, etc. a hearty bowl of soup with a delicious broth. Definitely would eat this when I'm sick,  were I to be that lucky. --Keep eatin
5	This was a great find and completely out of my comfort zone but on my quest to find great Mexican food in this state I used yelp and gave it a shot. I was not disappointed.  I honestly felt like I was in Mexico. I had the Carnitas lunch with homemade tortillas which were delicious.
5	SERIOUS MEXICAN NOM'S!!!  My husband and I stopped here after flying into Phoenix.  It was a bit late but they were more than willing to accommodate us, thank goodness!!!  I was craving good, real homemade Mexican food after being in the Midwest for months with no real Mexican.  This place seriously hit the spot.  Dive restaurant in not so good part of town...so what!! Trust me, you don't want to pass this place up.The service is fast and friendly and the margaritas are seriously yummy BUT the MOLE is TO-DIE-FOR!!!  Seriously, I ate so much I'm pretty sure I almost died but the flavor of that mole was so incredibly rich and delectable that I could NOT stop eating.  It was by far the BEST MOLE I've ever had!  The other impressive part of their mole was that the chicken was served on the bone, almost stew style, which you don't see much.  Normally you order mole and it's either shredded or chunk white meat.  The bone-in chicken added to the richness of this dish.  I highly, highly recommend it!!!Don't miss this place. You'll regret it! I shall return Barquita.  Te amo!!
5	I am impressed!! Hands down the BEST mexican food in the Valley!! The servers are very courteous and informative. They were more than happy to explain items on the menu that I could not understand. I would describe La Barquita as a family restaurant. It is quiet, friendly, and priced fairly on portions. OMG!! The Molcajetes a la mexicana is to die for!! I can't stop thinking about it. It includes a piece of grilled cactus. Never having cactus before, I never knew it was so yummy! What really makes me feel good about the restaurant is its employees. We were there on a Sunday. I saw the cook take time to sit down with his children and enjoy a family lunch together. I also saw a couple of children come in and give the waitress kisses and hugs. My enjoyable experience with food and atmosphere definitely makes me want to be a regular. YUMMO!
4	Good Stuff... thick handmade corn tortillas, tasty salsa, $2 Coronas, friendly service.things started out pretty good.. and quickly got betterI ordered a Molcajete. chicken, carne asada, chorizo, nopal (cactus) grilled then served in a hot stone bowl with salsa, guacamole, beans, and tortillasA lot of food, a lot of flavor... I can't wait to try the Mole. it looked fantastic heading to another tableWorth a look
5	I was introduced to La Barquita by a friend a few weeks ago and was impressed. Mi Suegra is from Jalisco and her cooking has made my palate very discriminating of Mexican food. I went back with her the other day and we loved it!La Barquita jumped to the top of my list for all-time best Mexican Food! The flavors are tremendous. The Carne Asada was prepared to perfection. The salsa is top shelf. If you want authentic Mexican cuisine, this is the place. No frills, just a good tasting meal in a comfortable setting. The service was good too.
2	I wanted to like it.  The salsa that came with the chips wasn't spicy, looked really good, but it was just tomatoey.  We had a place of steak and eggs, which the hubby said the eggs weren't all that well cooked and the steak was a thin piece of meat.Also had a chorizo and egg plate.  The beans were good, but the chorizo was different because it had pico de gallo in it.  It was a big portion that we took leftovers since the kiddos weren't all that into it.We also had the pozole.  The only thing I liked was the big portion of meat.  The broth was more watery than rich in flavor and the side fixins' were a bottle of tapatio, onion, cilantro and limes.  We were able to share.The horchata was ok.  I wasn't impressed, but maybe dinner is better?
4	Food was good, service was friendly but very slow, no prompt refills... had to ask twice for many things... Fresh guacamole, good queso fundido con chorizo. Chips very thick, roasted salsa not spicy but tasty. Word of advice: We noticed at the end that they have stuffed churros. If you want churros order them early or mid meal, they were so hot we could not enjoy them : P
1	Not a place for more then 10 people! After a church event on Saturday morning we went to El Comedor which is amazing but they had an hour wait, as people in are party had things to do my grandmother recommended we tried this place. We called ahead to let them know we would be in. When we arrived we had to wait a few minutes which was fine once we got seated the waiter took everyone's order. Not sure if they were over there heads with a party of 15. Once we were seated we received chips and salsa I enjoyed both we were soon out of both and never were asked or received a refil one either then are orders were taken, soon after are drinks came out some of us had to wait as the tea was brewing we were not offered water keep in mind this is after the chips and salsa are gone! So we wait finally the food starts coming out a little at a time half of the party is done with there food well the other half has not been served. Well half of the party leaves there is maybe about 5 that have not been served well asking the waitress is everything ok an hour later she keeps saying yes it's done! If its done were is it? Well the rest of the party is done eating the ones who have not recived there food cancel there meals as now its over an hour half the party left the rest haved paid. Well packing up they bring out two meals we ask if we can now get it in a to go bag because at this point everyone is in shock on how long it took. We make are way to the counter I explain to the lady that this is unbelievable and that they should get a discount as they had to watch the rest of the party eat and are just now getting there food. She said no as I see new faces and customers eating that were not there when we walked in I'm asking how did they get there food before half of are party well there is still now 3 people who have not recived food one was a child who ordered a mini bean burrito. That's the easiest meal to prepair. She got upset and said no they threw the food away because they canceled there order ahhhh after 2 hours everyone's  leaving,  you think they would stay? I'm sorry but I will never return here or will I recommend it to anyone. This has to be the worst exeperinace I've encountered with no customer service skills. I don't own a restaurant but after 1 hour and 45 mins of a child waiting for a mini burrito from the kids menu I would as least applogize and give them a free meal. The food was not worth putting family and friends through this. We should have just waited the hour at the first place lesson learned.
5	Well deserved. Delicious food. The chips were crunchy. Salsa was super fresh. Shrimp ceviche was generous and tasty. And the meals, wow.
5	I'm now 1500 miles away, and desperate for a place as good as this.  La Barquita, and especially their Molcajete Mexicano, was the place I would take every out-of-town visitor to truly enjoy the best of what Phoenix has to offer.  The chips and salsa could use a bit of improvement, but here, it's the entree's you come for.  Don't let the humble location and bars on the windows fool you, this is the place you want to patronize (full well knowing that I'm truly jealous!).
4	Decent food.  Get the molcajete.  Good stuff.  The salsa needed a little more kick and freshness.
5	Their Ceviche de Camaron is amazing!!!!! Definitely the best in town. Found them on yelp during my break from classes and go any time I get the craving.
5	Delicious...go look at my review in "tips", (sorry, app was on the fritz) you won't be disappointed!
5	I ordered basic  huervos rancheros with rice. The entree was served with slices of meat which appeared to be ham(not sure) on it which I didn't care for, so I took it off. The entree was also topped with cooked slices of fresh mushrooms, green peppers and yellow peppers.  It was very good. Everything seems to be homemade even the corn tortillas. Service was excellent even though they got slammed right after I was seated.There are two small dining rooms.Definitely will return.
1	I will NEVER return. I found this establishment through restaurant.com.  I had previously purchased a $25 certificate to eat there and I told them about when I sat down.  They said they would accept it so we ordered and enjoyed a very tasty meal. When it came time for the bill, they told me they would not accept my certificate and I was expected to pay for the bill in-full.  I was shocked!  Since this was just lunch, I ordered extra food, to use up the certificate, and now I had to pay for entire amount?  I argued with no success.  After 20 minutes of back and forth with the waitresses speaking to management, they finally offered $10 off my bill, dripping with contempt, claiming that I was just trying to get out of paying my bill.  The arguing continued; I demanded to speak to management, they claimed they were too busy to speak to me, etc....suffice to say, I never got to use my certificate.They turned a very satisfied new customer experience into the worst experience I have ever encountered with a restaurant.
4	Needed a quick bite to eat, saw the good reviews and tried it out. Excellent food, clean and very casual, wait staff was pleasant and friendly!
4	Food 5 stars. If you don't care much for service food is good and portions are generous.Another con is that they have a restaurant.com coupon but they do not take it on the phone, they ask for it on paper (boo!)Yaay! Keto/Lowcarb friendly Menudo. They have the option of menudo with or without hominy. With pata! (feet). We went there 3 times in the past few weeks and food is consistently good and service consistently slow. Honestly I tipped just because I do not know if it is because they are shorthanded and that would not be the servers fault. Since they have 2 separate rooms you don't see what is going on.However, in the spirit of bad service, I saw here something I had never seen before. Went there for lunch once and we took a table by the window that had not been cleaned yet. When I called this to the attention of our server, she cleaned only half. Only the half that was most dirty... I was like... whaaaaa? then she left and I asked a girl that was cleaning a neighboring table if I could borrow a rag... and she was really nice and came to clean our table the way you expected to be cleaned. I stand by my previous review... service is slow and inconsistent.One of the servers is very nice and friendly, though.About the food:* Great menudo* Great shrimp cocktail (not very sweet, enough big shrimp)* Hubby had pork fajitas, they were delicious and the portion was huge (see my review about the wimpy fajitas for 2 at Salsa Brava in Flagstaff). Barquita's regular portion (for 1) was like twice the meat of the fajitas for 2 there. * Churros are good, but extremely hot!!, please order them at the beginning of your meal. We thought we ordered them ahead of time this time but still they took forever and we ended up waiting for a while after we finished our meals.Bottom line, I may come back if I am in the neighborhood and I am not very very hungry : )
1	I recently went to this place on a very empty stomach due to the reviews of those who found it to be the place to be for good mexican food. I had a restaurant.com coupon that clearly says to show/validate b/4 the waitress...my waitress, secora apparently didnt understand english and continued to tell me I had to print out the deal. I use restaurant.com often and know how it works so the fac that she told me I couldnt use it when I was very hungry pissed me off. Unfortunately the manager wasnt there for me to complain but I will call back and contact restaurant.com to request my funds back to utilize at another Mexican spot who dont have idiot waitresses like secora. I rate them a -5 stars, probably b/c I was soo hungry and it was rush hour so caused even more of a delay for me to get some good food.
