3	We've passed by Indian Paradise on many occasions going to Costco and decided to check it out after an Indian friend told us that they dine there.  When we went in, we saw quite a few tables of Indians eating which was very reassuring.We went for the $8.99 lunch buffet and found the food to be good not amazing.  The naan seemed like it was baked in a regular oven - not puffy like when it comes out of the tandoori oven, such as the ones at Tandoori Times.  All the chicken was tender except for the chicken in the masala which was a bit dry - I'm guessing that they used the previous day's buffet's tandoori chicken.  The veg dishes were all flavorful except for the lentil soup which was quite bland.Buffet offerings consisted of:- pappadum (thin crispy spiced wafer with spices)- channa masala (chick peas in a spiced gravy)- dal makhani (lentils in tomato butter sauce)- navratan korma (assorted veg in a creamy sauce)- saag (spinach cooked in spices)- chicken curry- chicken masala (tandoori chicken in tomato butter sauce)- tandoori chicken- lentil soup / tomato soup - assorted pickles and chutneys- basmati rice- fresh-baked naan is brought to your table- rice pudding is the sole dessertI'd come back to try their extensive offering of lamb dishes on the dinner menu, especially given what an ethnic wasteland North Scottsdale is.  The prices on the online menu seem a bit dated - dishes are in general $1 more.
4	Given the propensity of chain restaurants in the area, it's refreshing to have something a little different and a lot delicious for a quick lunch in the Airpark area.   The lunch buffet at $8.99 is reasonable, and the offerings actually change on a daily basis.   The service is a little lackluster, but it's a lunch buffet so I'm not looking for someone to attend to my every whim when I can pretty much handle myself.    I've never seen this restaurant hurting for lunch customers; mainly Indian.  Try the Saag; even if you're not a spinach fan it's creamy, spiced just enough, and is a great invitation for you to use it to finish up every last bite of the fresh naan.
4	Given the scarcity of good ethnic options in the North Scottsdale area, Indian Paradise deserves another star.  We've been on an ethnic binge this week and decided to check out the buffet lunch again.  The garlic naan was brought hot to the table and refilled when our basket went empty.  It had a great crispy charred exterior.  The tandoori chicken tasted brined which probably contributed to the tenderness.  Pretty good selection of veg options like veg korma (mild creamy sauce), dal makhani (lentils), chana masala (chickpeas) and saag (spinach) with potatoes.All in all a great value and we look forward to coming back for the weekend champagne brunch which is priced at $11.95 and includes one drink.  Buffet offering is also supposed to be more extensive.Don't forget to grab a bag of crispy spiced snacks on the way out.  They're better than chips and very addictive.
4	I came in here for a co-workers birthday lunch, and I was very impressed with the place.  First off, you can't beat the $8.99 lunchtime buffet.  They had your traditional Indian offerings out there, such as curry chicken and tandoori chicken, along with some others options that those who might be more versed in Indian cuisine might give a try.  The Naan was crisp and our basket kept getting refilled as it became empty.  The service was a little slow, even though it was a buffet, but since I work in the area I see myself coming back here time and time again for lunch.
4	I am glad we found this spot! It was recommended from an Indian friend of ours and he is just about the most pickiest man alive. So we called them up and placed a big ass feast phone order. Service was great and helpful even though I cannot pronounce many of the menu items correctly.Lots of vegi options and everything was really flavorful. The pricing is totally reasonable too. I have been back twice in 3 weeks.I would recommend this place for great take out, a date night, lunch and more.
4	I have only been here for the lunch buffet, which, at $8.99 is a steal. Seriously, this place is great. It tends towards to more traditional, heavier north indian cuisine, but all of it is done to perfection. The na'an is wonderfully cooked and always plentiful. This place is also great because it offers a wide selection of vegetarian options. A little off the beaten path, but worth checking out!
4	Great place to go for your Indian food fix... The lunch is buffet style and everything I tried was great. They had the classics like tandoori chicken which was great and I love the charcoal taste from the grill. Tika Masala which was good as well. No complaints except there was no one in there! If you have a hankering for Indian food make sure you go, we need places like this in the airpark... I can only eat so many sandwiches! It's very clean, the people are nice and the food was good.
5	Had dinner here last night with my wife and daughter.  Food was great and the owners/staff were very attentive.  Will definitely be back.
4	Swung by IP for lunch today and as always, it was a nice buffet lunch.  They had the 2008 Cricket World Championship on the TV and yep just like the last time I saw the 2008 Cricket World Championship there, the same team won.  Haha, jk, I don't know if it's the same game but more often than not, the TV is turned to a game of Cricket.For those of you who haven't tried the buffet lunch, swing by and do yourself a favor.  The establishment is clean, the food is nice and hot, the service is great, and the curry chicken is delicious.  If you happen to show up and curry chicken is available - definitely try it.  The sauce looks a tad greasy but c'mon - you only live once right? In all seriousness though - it's a nice place to load up on Indian food but the buffet has a limited variety day to day.  In fact, it's the SAME thing every day so if you're a creature of habit (like I am) then you'll be happy as a clam but if you're always looking for a variety of Indian dishes, ummm...  become a creature of habit?
3	i loved the food very much. i had aloo-baigan (potato, eggplant) curry and garlic nan. the food quantity was generous and i ended up packing some for home. but i think the price was too high.overall great experience.
4	Yum! Dottsy, Mike and Ayesha included me on an Indian run last Thursday and I'm soooo glad we tried Indian Paradise. It is forever away (okay maybe only 12 miles from my place) but I was up by Hayden anyway.  At 7PM on a Thursday there were only half a dozen other diners sprinkled around the fairly sparse room. I have to say it seems a bit cavernous and light on the decor. Whatever, I'm there to EAT, not to redecorate, so let's get to the main event. We started with Pakora, which were different looking from the pakora I've had before, tasted fine though. I ordered the Mutter....Mutter...crap I can't remember the name. It was mushrooms and peas in a creamy delicious sauce. I have never seen it before and it was so good I didn't want to share. I also had yellow lentil soup which was decent, and I managed to try the Dal Mahkani (christ I'm bad with names), and the Cauliflower and pea dish. All very standard Indian dishes, familiar by taste if not by name (clearly...)  and all executed classically.  As I tucked into these delights I realized it has been such a long time since I last had Indian food and now that I'm typing this a week later I realize I'm craving it again. Our server was very polite and just attentive enough and the food came out really quickly which was great because I wanted to eat my fist at that point. I have to say that the prices were great, because I didn't pay. Thanks Mike! But I had noticed very reasonable price tags on the menu so this will be my go-to place for solid Indian from now on.
4	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley that I have been to so far. I like the Chicken Korma and Vindaloo.  I have been here several times and it is consistent and good. the bad:  they  charge for rice. On the whole, it's on the expensive side, maybe I should go for the buffet but I'm generally not a fan of buffets.
4	Good location and broad range of choices on the buffett.  Service was adequate, price wasn't too bad, and a few of the buffett items were quite good.Only downsides I've experienced are the occasional use of french fries on the buffett as "vegetable pakoras".  Unacceptable.  Also, not all of the buffett selections were put out and I was there a good 30 minutes after opening.
4	I always love being pleasantly surprised. I love driving to Scottsdale Airpark for Indian food, expecting nothing special (as to not get my hopes up) and being very pleasantly surprised. Mr. Hottie was coming into town and I had Erin and Ayesha rounded up for dinner at another venue. Well, Mr. Hottie throws me a curve ball by texting me during a layover to state "I'm craving Indian food." I think to myself "Keep cool chica, sure you can find a good spot on last minute's notice!" So I hop on Yelp and try to find a good Indian joint that is NOT located in the East Valley. Yay! Indian Palace pops up on my search. Suh-weet! So I alert my girls of the venue change and off we go! When we arrived at the strip mall location, and walked in, I noticed how big the place was! It reminded me of a big warehouse that was converted into a restaurant. I was also hit with the smell of spices and gravies which was actually impressive because this was on the eve of the complete loss of my sense of smell and taste due to a terrible cold. The menu for dinner was quite large. I chose the Chicken Tikka Masala (my fave) while my dinner partners chose a few other dishes. Everything was delicious and made to order. I ordered my masala medium, while Ayesha ordered hers spicy and it seemed to come out as ordered. The one draw back that I had with this place is that they charge for rice to go with your meal, but we soon got over it and enjoyed our wonderful meal! I returned with Ayesha on a Sunday to try their lunch buffet. It was very good and large! For about 12 bucks, you had a choice of about 10-15 dishes, rice, naan, and a drink (champagne was an option for Sunday). On that day there was a very large birthday party being seated and I think they sat about 30-40 people with more revelers coming in the door. So, the restaurant is no small cafe, for sure! Indian Paradise is the place to go if you don't want to drive to Arizona's "Silicon Valley" (Chandler/Ahwatukee area). Their food is flavorful, and delicious. I look forward to trying them again very soon!
4	Oh, tasty! Very tender vindaloo, and the chicken tiki masala was fantastic. I can't call myself an expert in Indian cuisine, but my un-skilled palate was quit satisfied. Staff was efficient and friendly. I think I'll make this a regular lunch stop!
4	I love Indian food and IP was a great place for a fast fix. Great selection. Good service. Friendly. Very good food!
5	This place is amazing! I've eaten here countless times and can honestly say that I've never had a bad experience! The people are extremely friendly and attentive. The lunch buffet is where it's at! The food always tastes fresh and never seems dried out from heat lamp exposure! The chicken tandoori and chicken curry are to die for!! I really can't say enough nice things about this place. If you like Indian food or want to try it, eat here. You won't be disappointed!
4	What I said in my last review... Still not very busy though so those of you in the airpark for lunch or just want to make a trip to have a good dinner. Make sure you stop by here and get some good Indian food.Tandoori chicken and the Chicken curry are the bomb!
5	I've had chicken tikka masala at different places around the country. This time it had a different, wonderful flavor. The rice was perfect, garlic naan hot crisp and chewy. I tried the mango dessert, like ice cream. Everything was delicious. Service was polite and very attentive. I didnt think you could find great Indian food in Scottsdale.
4	Picked this place based on Yelp reviews while in Scottsdale on a business trip.  I ordered Chicken Korma, Chicken Pekora and Naan and brought it back to my hotel room.  It was fantastic.The korma had a nice thick, creamy sauce and the chicken was tender.  I've never had chicken pekora before, and it was delicious as well.The restaurant decor is nicer than you'd expect from a strip mall restaurant, but certainly nothing fancy. They have a lunch buffet 7 days a week which I would love to try.A great find in North Scottsdale.
4	We were recently in Scottsdale on a house hunting trip and like others we Yelped to find a great restaurant. We were not disappointed with Indian Paradise. As we pulled up in front of this quaint restaurant in the strip shopping center near the airport we could smell the delightful aromas. The restaurant is casual (we were in shorts and a jeans skirt and were fine). The restaurant was clean and service was polite and attentive without being overwhelming. We ordered samosa to start which were fantastic. The samosas were well seasoned and not at all greasy. YUM! We followed the samosas with Chicken Tikka Masala (the yard stick by which we judge all Indian restaurants) and the Bhindi-Go-Pizaz ( a vegetarian okra dish). The food was outstanding. We ordered the meals "medium" and found them to be well seasoned and not at all hot. If you like something more spicy, I would suggest you order it hot. The staff was quick to refill soft drinks at no charge and without prompting. Overall it was a great experience - we will definitely go back.
3	Bit too expensive. Their buffet is good, better value than ordering individual entrees. Disappointed with their desserts or lack of it on the buffets. Unfortunately they seem to be the only Indian restaurant around North scottsdale. Good for them, they may survive.
4	Hurray! Indian food found! Having lived in Boston for a year where you can't help but dine on Indian food frequently I was quite hopeful to fill that void when I moved to Phoenix. Yelp came to the rescue!I went around noon for the buffet and was immediately greeted with the delicious smells wafting outside the restaurant. Once inside we were quickly shown a table and drink orders taken. But onward to the food! There were probably 10-12 main items available; I was happy to see about half of which were vegetarian selections (yay for veggie korma!). The food was actually well spiced for being at a buffet. Actually, it was probably the best seasoned Indian I've ever had! I'm not one for spicy as hell food, but come on... how many bland Indian buffets have I had? (don't ask) The vegetables were cooked perfectly - not too mushy - and the chicken tikka masala I tried from my partner's plate was quite tender.The staff was polite and attentive; drinks refilled and used plates taken away promptly. The establishment appeared clean, charming and was quite busy with other diners.Oh I will be back. Oh yes. Oh yes.
4	Tasty, Tasty! I haven't had good Indian food since I was in Seattle last winter. Indian Paradise was a great surprise. I read everyone's reviews on here about it, and since it is close to my work, decided to stop by for the lunch buffet. It was so good, flavorful with a good selection and they place had an understated atmosphere. The staff was very nice. They lunch buffet costs around $9 and an entree costs around $12. The meat is pretty good quality, though there is that is some fat in it but you can pick it out quite easily. The chicken tikki Marsala is to die for!
5	Having worked in the Scottsdale Airpark area going on 9 years or so, I've eaten lunch just about everywhere. There are plenty of good places, but not many ethnic places... Indian Paradise has the distinction of being both great and ethnic. I've only ever eaten there for the lunch buffet, and it is AMAZING!I keep thinking that I'm gonna be disappointed, eventually... But every single time I have dined here I have come away extremely satisfied and in dire need of a nap. I keep asking myself, how can it be so good? Is it cocaine? Cocaine in the food?! Is it?!They have different buffet items on different days, but the the mainstay curry chicken remains a favorite of mine. On Friday there is a mushroom dish that I dream about... and on Thursday they have stuffed jalapenos that are a little hot but oh so gooooooood!Be sure to save some room for the rice pudding, 'cause it's delicious.
4	Dal, alu and curry goat, mmmm I want to go back right now.... On the way over there I  was like, is this gonna be a regular stop because of the distance, but after yesterday I'll be going back.We arrived when the buffet was still being served, which was cool because we got to sample a little of couple dishes... had the regular items you get at an indian buffet the tandori chicken, curry chicken but i skipped over to the goat, the tikki chicken was good and they also had the cheese version for the vegans and other vegan items as well... ordered an alu paratha of the menu, even though they brought out plain and garlic ones to the table, had to taste more :) the dal was very well season and gave me that home taste style actually all their food was season nice, not something you find at a buffet style.The service was really good, the place was kept very clean, restroom as well.
2	A very, very average restaurant.   Based on the reviews here for the lunch buffet, I gave dinner a try.   Of many Indian restaurants I've tried throughout the world, this was at the bottom 10%.   So don't expect much.   (And do not order the Pakoras.   The worst!)But, this being Scottsdale, it seems that folks will settle for just about anything.
5	I've seen this place on my way to Costco and always wanted to try it. After my amazing facial at Kohler Academy I decided to stop in solo for lunch. It was about 12:30 and the place was pretty crowded. I ordered an ice tea and decided to go for the buffet. Everything looked and smelled delightful so I followed the other diners down the line-o-goodness. OMG i LOVE this place! From the tomato soup that I started with I knew I was in for a good ride. I pulled a piece of naan into pieces and dropped in into the soup while it cooled off a bit and then dug in and really didnt want it to end! I'm not even that crazy about tomato soup, but this was tops!Next I got some rice and ladled some chicken curry and chick tikka masala over it. Then I went straight for the palek paneer (?) spinich stuff. After adding mint, tamarind and yogurt sauce on the side, my plate was full. Back at the table I dug in and was so damn happy with everything I couldn't help but smile (love that feeling!!). Both chicken dishes were so tender and flavorful and the spinach was so good that after the first bite I knew I was gonna get more. Round two I decided to try the veggies. I got more spinach (natch) and also the peas with homemade cheese ( thats what it said on the sign, I dont remember the Indian name) and the chana masala-a garbanzo bean dish. Holy Buddha it was all so incredible that I wished I had someone there to gush to. I could barely finish everything from being so stuffed, but somehow I managed. I guessed to myself how much the check would be- 19, 20 bucks maybe? Try $12.85!!!!!!! I can't wait to bring my bf back here! This is one of my new fav's!!
5	Wow.  This place was delicious, the ambiance felt authentic and our waiter seemed to emanate "The Heart of India" that of which I have often heard.My wife and I were in search of food on a late Monday night and we found Indian Paradise on Yelp.  We ordered the Chicken Madras, Palak Paneer, and Garlic Naan and I liked it so much I found myself eating too quickly and wishing I could fit more in my stomach!The naan was among the best I've had and the ingredients in the Chicken Madras were savory and delicious.  My wife, who spent months in India, said she was immediately harkened back.Overall, I love Indian food and I loved Indian Paradise.  I humbly offer my 5 stars in thanks for their sumptuous meal.
4	Coming from a place and age where the most exotic ethnic food was considered to be Taco Time, I have spent  many years experimenting with all kinds of different foods.  One of my favorites is Indian food, and thanks to Microsoft and other tech companies, who use workers from India,  there are many more Indian restaurants now scattered throughout the country.  I am not an expert on the food (in fact, until recently, I never understood why Bollywood movies were always playing in Indian restaurants).  But I do enjoy it, and try every Indian restaurant I can find.I started going to Indian Paradise several years ago, and loved it.  It has a nice interior, and the servers are very nice and helpful.  I always seem to come in the early evening, before they are busy, and I always feel somewhat spoiled the way they treat me.  I love their masalas, curry, and naan, and have, of course, tried all of their Indian beers. I also find the different tandoori dishes delicious.I might note that I have never made it to the lunch buffet - I always seem to be golfing at that time so I'm just never in the area .  But it is on my list of things to do.***Bollywood - Bollywood is the name given to the Mumbai-based Hindi-language film industry in India.The term Bollywood was created by conflating Bombay (the city now called Mumbai) and Hollywood. Bollywood films are usually musicals. Few movies are made without at least one song-and-dance number. Indian audiences expect full value for their money; they want songs and dances, love interest, comedy and dare-devil thrills, all mixed up in a three hour long extravaganza with intermission.
4	Got together with Brian S today to give this place a try.  They have more or less the "usual" dishes that you expect at an Indian buffet, but everything is cooked & seasoned just right.  The Chicken Tandoori was flavorful & moist, there was tomato soup that was some of the best I've ever tasted.  They offer an adequate selection of salad items, too.  The other items aren't all soupy, except the ones that are supposed to be, & the seasoned naan bread was excellent too, & sliced just right.Lunch Buffet $9.95PS:  The host & hostess were extra nice!     :-))
4	hmm Indian food sounds good tonight, well I am in luck, Indian Paradise is but a mere hop skip & a jump jump, so off we go.Ordered vegetable samoosa's, Rogan Josh and Shahi Kofta Curry.  Both were lamb dishes and both were very good.I will certainly venture back and look forward to going for lunch!Our service was just outstanding, absolutely superior, tops!!!  You just can't beat a staff who perform their duties whilst expressing such happiness!  Right!?!And above all else, they play cricket on their TV!  When I found this out, it was a done deal for me, YAY!!!  AND, the food is good, life is pleasant :-)
4	The staff was friendly and the food was great. Good enough for me.
5	Very Friendly; seemed to be family owned style restaurant. It was Sunday and raining pretty hard at 11:30am, We did not realize they did not even open until Noon but they saw us drive up and came out to invite us in to get comfortable and said they'd be ready within 10 minutes to serve us (They made a point to be ready even before they typically open-WOW-Great customer service!) They suggested things to try and they had Awesome Food! and Nicely priced, I may add. Sunday is a buffet for 12.95 which includes your drink, soda or a glass of champagne I think. This was a buffet unlike I have ever had all fresh home made tasting Indian food. Food Suggestions The Goat Curry and The Chile peppers.
3	Whenever i order a dish anywhere i eat, i always mention that i would like it spicy at least twice. Like, i'll say something like, "can you make that spicy?" and then affirm by saying something else similar to "and that's spicy, right?" Or, "when i say spicy, i mean i want to burn my face off." Whenever i don't receive an adequate amount of heat, i just blame it on the fact that i was with a white person. So, the fact that i ordered a dish spicy and didn't get it spicy is not really a big deal, because the person i was with was really white, but i think that it's worth mentioning anyway.I think this place needs to work on it's vegetable pakoras. They were just fried rounds of potatoes in some sort of dull garbanzo bean flour batter. This place is extra medium, at worst and at best.Ordered paneer tikka masala, the ingredients seemed fresh. Like i said up there, no spice. It was a dull paneer masala, like for white people. I'm can say with a definitive stance that this place is totally average, because my guts did not feel any distress at any point afterwards, however, i did keep wanting to eat the damn dish...maybe because of my unhealthy addiction to indian food, or maybe because of the crack...?Naan was fantastic, and the mango lassi was pretty standard, but the lassi was in a giant glass, so hat's pretty awesome.Average, and not worth the drive out of PHX, but if i lived in the area i would go again.
5	Back again! Great as usual! We will be returning regulars to this place!
5	Awesome food.
5	The first good Indian food I've had! I think I'm now a fan!!!
4	I came here after consulting Yelp about where to eat for lunch, I decided on this Indian restaurant. Sorta hidden in a plaza among  a buncha of business building, it has a clean and decorative interior. I went for their lunch buffet which is $10/person. The buffet consisted of 3-4 meat curries an 3-4 vegetarian curries with about 5-6 side dishes (samosas, veggies, etc). There's enough rice and naan to go around!The service was okay, as long as you aren't afraid to flag someone down and at 12noon the place was about half full, so not too crowded.The actual dishes were yum! Pretty tasty, yummy, but a bit heavy. Usually I can fit 2 rounds of foods in my bell-ay, but this time I couldn't even get myself to finish my second plate. And as usual, I shed a tear because there was leftover Indian food on my plate that I couldn't fit in my stomach. *cry*!!
3	Came in during lunch for the buffet. I was expecting the standard buffet items (which they had) but I also saw a few things that are not. Always a fan of Chicken Tikka Masala they also had a Paneer version, yum! They had some really good seasoned roasted jalapenos that made a great addition to the plate, added nice heat and flavor to the dishes. In addition to the naan on the table they also offered Puri at the buffet. This was a nice option. The desert was different, it was white and had a distinct rosewater flavor to the syrup.  I am used to the softer donut hole type, Gulab Jamun, in a cardamon honey syrup.  This I have come to find out was Rasgulla.I definite enjoyed the variety and the quality of the food. Not enough for 4 stars but I would go back if in the area and craving Indian cuisine.
4	Indian food is often minimized by attempts to make it less exact and somehow more palatable by other cultures.  This is at the cost often of not allowing the original beauty of the cuisine to be savoured by all. In fact, my visit to the Indian Paradise was not without some sarcasm and pessimism on my part given that so many places in the area get it wrong when it comes to this genre.  Boy, was I wrong!  Don't let the fascade of the place fool you.  When you enter, it takes a few seconds to smell the fact that you are going to have the genuine article here.  If you go at lunch time, you can experience the buffet.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was perfectly poised for a sunset dining experience.ALL the food...from the nan to the lamb curry, to the tea, to the samosas to the califlower....EVERYTHING was really good.  But I have to also add that there was a certain family-like atmosphere created by the staff and the service was unassuming yet intuitive.  I found that I did not want to leave.  I just wanted to stay here and talk and snack a little.  That's kind of hard to achieve in a strip mall restaurant yet, this did not feel like that.You should go for yourself and see if I was just way too nostalgic for good Indian or whether its really worth 4 stars.
4	Thanks Yelpers, for another great restaurant recommendation! The BF and I went last night and really enjoyed our dinner. First of all, the service was excellent, everyone was so kind and attentive. I've only been to Indian restaurants a handful of times and each of those times was with "experienced" Indian restaurant-goers, so I was a little intimidated to be in charge of ordering (my bf has never had Indian food before). To be safe, I ordered the "classics": Lamb masala, palak paneer (spinach and tofu), and daal makhni (lentils)... they were all delicious! The masala was probably our favorite. The rice and naan (we got the garlic) were both great with our saucy dishes. Bf had the Himalayan beer (nice a light) and I had the strawberry lassi. I love the sweet, yogurty tartness of it with the flavorful spiciness of the dishes. My boyfriend also tried the "Red Chili Pickles" that were advertised at the table. His order was met with raised eyebrows and an "are you sure?" by our server. What we got were not even remotely close to what we know to be pickles... my best guess is maybe some type of bean curd wrapped in chili skin. It was more salty than spicy (hence the pickle name?). We asked our server what it was and he said he had no idea and had never had it before. Ha! They seemed very impressed that my bf ate the "pickles". I've successfully introduced and converted my boyfriend into an Indian food lover. We'll definitely be going back!
1	Food,staff & service all very very poor.interiors very depressing.u are better of cooking Indian food at home it will turn out better than anything served at this place
3	Oh Dear!I was so wanting to like this place - close to my home, with a 'no fuss' appearance.  And the Cricket (on the big-screen TV) was quite a fun surprise. The place could use a bit of help on the 'atmosphere' front ... I think for the whole time of my meal, there was some non-descript sitar music playing in the background, and some of the staff looked like their mother had just died ... but I could live with that if the food were ok. I ordered Lamb Vindaloo.  It was awful. Vindaloo is notorious for being hot (spicy hot), so when I order it, I don't mind if the waiter verifies I want it hot, but if they don't ask (they didn't this time) I expect to have a mouth-burning experience.  It was utterly bland.  Not only was it bland, but it was lacking in any of the 'vinegar' flavor I've experienced with all the Vindaloo's I've had elsewhere.  My other dish was ok, and the papadums were good, and the rice and Naan bread were good, so I won't go below 3 stars but - quite frankly, my meal wasn't a 3 star meal.
5	We really enjoyed ourselves here last night. From the moment we stepped inside the service was impeccable - you can tell these guys are really serious. The menu is huge with dozens of dishes I have never encountered. Being our first visit we kept things simple with coconut chicken curry. Their hot sauce is wonderful, as is the unleavened bread and the hot carrots they start you out with. I will return. (FYI don't let the yelp picture fool you - the buffet is only available at lunch time)
4	I have visited Indian Paradise on several more occasions since my first visit. The food remains very good as well as the service. Prices have gone up a bit but is still good value for the money. Try the lunch time buffet - great variety and the food is fresh and well priced.
1	If u r spice lover then stay away from this restaurant. Food was pretty stale.As far as deserts are concerned, i tried "Rasgulla", not sure why they made it so hard... worst part was after i paid the bill and was coming out, i saw the server ( waiter ) picking up glasses with all the fingers inside it.
4	Who knew there was good Indian food in Arizona!!!!!! Indian Paradise is a wonderful little restaurant that serve great food. Yes, it is not something you'd find in London, LA, or NYC, worth stopping in for a taste! Their buffet does not have a lot of spicy food, but it's fresh and good. At $11 it's not a bad deal!  I'm a new fan and look forward to trying it for dinner. Oh yeah, the Naan is awesome!!
5	This is easy the best Indian food in town. Couple that with very friendly service and add in a pinch of reasonable prices and you have Indian Paradise. Oh almost forgot one of my favorite parts, Cricket on the big screen
5	Read a review on Yelp that led me to taking a chance for my wife's birthday dinner. INCREDIBLE! The food and friendly service is what we will definitely be back for soon. I recommend it for Indian cuisine regulars and novices alike. They have a great selection on the menu for everyone. My kids even loved it!
5	I've come back here time and time again and I gotta say.... REALLY FREAKIN' TASTY. Every visit has offered flavorful dishes that have rotated (Gulab Jamun last time! Yay!). Service is still attentive and super nice. The complimentary Naan is appreciated after getting so used to having to pay extra at other buffets.Yes, oh, yes.... I am a fan. :)
4	This is one of my favourite Indian restaurants in Arizona . Very good food, very good service. Their Goat curry is so very yummy and the staff is always so friendly. If you are unfamilar with Indian cuisine then would recommend going to the lunch buffet to sample a variety of dishes. The prices are also reasonable.
4	Best indian food in Scottsdale!
2	we had our valentines dinner here at Indian paradise, were so excited that there's Indian restaurant here in Scottsdale since we just recently moved from San Francisco. I only gave 2 stars because the food are way to expensive for what you get and thee food isn't that great either. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant at dinner time.
4	When I am in the mood for some truly comforting food, I head to Indian Paradise for some chicken tikka masala... and that's exactly what I did this past weekend.  For about 4 years my Husband and I have been frequenting this establishment and after our most recent visit this past weekend I feel compelled to write a review.First of all, as other people have said, the prices here are high, and possibly not 100% worth the portion size, however, I still go back time and time again and I'll tell you why, the food and service.  We ALWAYS get the chicken tikka masala and it is true comfort in a bowl.  That sauce combined with some garlic naan can cure any issue you may be having in your life... well, for at least a little while maybe.  The papadum and chutney that they give you before the mean is great.  We've had the samosas, which are fried goodness and very flavorful.  Lastly, this past time we had the tandoori shrimp, which was surprisingly awesome... the veggies were cooked perfectly and the shrimp was seasoned well and the lemon was a nice touch.If you haven't had Indian food, you must try it, and if you haven't gone to Indian Paradise, please do.  We pay the high prices because we don't want to see this gem disappear like so many other restaurants.  This Mom and Pop shop has stayed in business due to their great tentative service and excellent food... so GO!
4	Just terrific.  Time and again.  Every dish bursts with flavor and the chicken tika comes out sizzling with a great seasoned crust to it, unlike other places where it's only unadorned skewered chunks of unseasoned chicken.  If they created a bit more ambience - maybe music? - and worked on the patio decor they would be a 5 star in my book.  I'm hooked.
4	Great food!
4	I only stopped in for takeout. Everyone I spoke to was very nice, they were speedy, and the food was delicious when I finally got home. I ordered soup and lamb dish and both were fantastic. Together it came out to about $21. I've heard they have a great lunch buffet-- I'll be sure to try that next.
5	Anytime my girlfriend and I are craving Indian food, we will go here. So good! The people are friendly and it's not that expensive. My favorite thing is probably the vegetable pakoras! :)
4	I have never had Indian food so I can't say it is as good as it gets.  I did get the pleasure of eating lunch and sampling the buffet.  I tried many different items and they all were so good.  I love how the sauces (gravies)? are so complex and there are so many different flavors going on at once.  The iced tea was really good too.  I will love coming to visit this place again.  So yum!
4	Stopped by for lunch buffet on a Saturday based on Yelp reviewers and wasn't disappointed.  This was really good and tasty Indian food.  Normally I'm not a big fan of buffets, but as this seemed to be the only option at lunch we went for it and weren't disappointed.  The curry goat, palak paneer and paneer tikka masala were all outstanding.  The naan was also very good as well as the rice pudding dessert.  I didn't think this was overpriced at all for what you got but haven't see what you get for hte dinner entrees.The atmosphere is a little cold, but htey had music playing and bollywood on the TV.  The service was prompt and attentive, if a little distanced.We will definately be back.
4	I really must do my Yelp reviews sooner.  I had a terrific lunch with Audrey W at Indian Paradise several months ago.  We opted for the buffet.  Although I cannot remember exactly what was offered, I do remember there was plenty to choose from and everything was hot and delicious.  Fresh naan was brought to our table as well.  I also remember the staff was a little too nice.  We didn't realize they close between lunch and dinner and continued to chat away after their closing time.  No one said a word and no looks were thrown our way.  In fact, we didn't realize they were closed until we went to leave and noticed the door was locked..and the restaurant was empty.  It was good conversation:)
4	Great lunch buffet.
3	The wifey and I are still on our Indian kick.  Very clean and inviting inside, we were there about 6pm on Friday night and there were 2 or 3 other couples there.We started with the "Chef's Assorted Appetizer" which was 2 samosa, vegetable pakora (sliced potato, breaded and fried) and chicken pakora (spiced chicken chunks) and onion bhaji (shredded onion fritter).  The samosa had great flavor, the chicken pakora was great, and the onion bhaji was VERY good.For our meal, we always seem to get way too much food, but we're not afraid of having leftovers...FISH VINDALOO (swordfish): fish chunks were perfectly cooked and flaked apart, good white meat, didn't find one chunk of the fishy-grey part. Vindaloo sauce was pretty decent, but sort of seemed to be "one note" to me.  Not bad at all, just not "great".PANEER TIKKA MASALA: Great paneer, very smooth and not gritty at all.  The masala was excellent IMO with great flavor.VEGETABLE BIRYANI: Pretty good biryani, but not a huge portion. Not sure how much raisins or nuts were in it.  Again, not bad, but not "OMG this is the bomb".NAAN: We had the plain naan, which was just as expected.BASMATI RICE: The meal comes with plain basmati rice as well.SPICE LEVEL: We ordered "Medium Plus", but it was fairly mild.  The masala was slightly spicier than the vindaloo (my understanding is that vindaloo is supposed to be spicier by default).  We mentioned to the waiter that it wasn't spicy enough and he offered to bring out some "hot sauce" which was a small bowl of vindaloo with extra spice in it.  This was perfect and my wife mixed it in with her meal.SERVICE: 4 stars.  Attentive waiters, great service (however, there was not customers at the time).  Food came quickly.APPEARANCE: Clean, well litFOOD: 3 stars.  The food was fine, I liked the masala the best.  We will definitely go back.
4	My husband and I just moved to Scottsdale from Chicago. One of the things we missed most (even after a few weeks) was the amazing quality ethnic food.  We are big fans of Indian cuisine. It is our go-to comfort food when we return from a long trip and need something warm, spicy and complex.  We each had a craving on Saturday night and gave Indian Paradise a try.  We ordered carry out and they recommended a comparable lamb dish to my favorite dish at our Chicago place. So I had the Rogan Josh and my husband went with his favorite Tikka Masala, naan and samosa.  Everything was delicious! We are so excited to be able to have our new Indian place here in Arizona. I cannot wait to try their vegetarian options next time.
5	Tandoori chicken and chicken madras is really good!
4	I love their food. Everything I've had there has been delicious!The chicken tikka, chicken curry, and coconut curry shrimp are really good!
5	I've only had the buffets but I'm giving this place 5 stars because it's consistently AMAZING!!!  My boys 5 and 8 ask to eat here!  The week buffet doesn't have as large as an assortment as it does on the weekend but the price is less than the weekend.  With the food being made fresh and in-house--- the price is well worth it.  Great attentive staff as well as friendly.  We always feel welcomed and appreciated and WE ALWAYS LEAVE FULL & HAPPY!Thank you!
4	Love, LOVE this joint. Been here a couple times and we will be back. My children LOVE the food and so do I.
3	Inside was bit dark but quite roomy. They provide good service and good food but it's bit pricy. If you like Indian food, it might be good to try this one.
5	Have eaten there on numerous occasions and it is always great!  We go for the buffet on either Sat or Sun and the quality is superior, well seasoned (just perfect, never too much) and the service is excellent.  The tomato soup is to die for and is addicting.  Always clean.  A great place to go for Indian food!!
4	Superb place and superb food
2	Avoid the buffet  if you don't want to feel heavy the whole day, little overpriced
4	We were shopping for hardwood floors and our last stop was Arizona Wholesale Supply. We were starving and noticed the Indian Restaurant right next door, so headed in. The waitress sat us down and got us some water. There was no mention of "Would you like the buffet or menu?" So we were extremely confused on what to do next. I actually walked over to the hostess desk and grabbed a couple of menus and that is when we figured out the buffet option and the lunch options, and the prices. We went for the buffet and was pleasantly surprised. The food was fresh and delicious. I am not a buffet person, but glad I chose that option! The tandoori chicken was juicy and the fried appetizers were crispy. They also served unlimited naan which was a pleasant surprise. I would have given it 5 stars, but I think the service could have been more in tune with their customers.
5	This place is fantastic.  The owner chef has a gift. I am so spoiled. We eat mostly lamb and chicken curries, spicy, they have never sent out a dish that wasn't pipping hot and perfectly spiced. The owners are very nice people as is their staff.  The only possible negative thing to say is the lunch buffet  can get picked over and be very slow to replenish. I imagine if I got there early it would be better, so....if you like buffets get there super early.  Like 11:00.
3	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Stopped back in here today for the lunch buffet with Mike C. & Arlin B.  It was good, but I didn't think it was as good as when I was here in Feb. '10.  It's also a little high at $11.99.  Flavors of India, for instance has better food in my opinion, & it's $9.23.
3	I had an enjoyable lunch here with Rand H. and Mike C. the other day.  Indian Paradise has a very nice lunch buffet with a variety of authentic Indian cuisine items   to choose from.   Restaurant~ very clean and inviting.  It's not a large restaurant but it has plenty of room for multiple groups. The service is OK, not bad but not great either.   Food~ we started with some soup and salad.  They had one soup, tomato soup on the day we went.  It was OK and so was the salad. They bring fresh pita bread to your table.  Some with garlic and herbs, which was very nice.  They had several dishes to choose, some with curry and without.  The Chicken curry was very good and so was their Paneer's.  I was looking forward to the Tandoori Chicken and their Chicken Tikka Marsala, but the chicken had a sparse odor of benzene so it was not tasty. They also had roasted jalapeno's with black salt, which I think is an acquired taste ~ not for me.  All in all, some of their food tasted very good and some not so good. Most everything is a bit mushy so you will need to start at the rice cooker or get a bunch of bowls.  This is a very good place to try some Indian cuisine if you're in the area.
5	Went for my first time to the lunch buffer.  It was fabulous.  Great food. Worth the $11.
5	This place is a VAST distance from my house. Fortunately, I was in the area on business, met the wife and went here for lunch based on the positive Yelp reviews and the fact that she'd been here before and really liked it. GOD I'm glad I did. The first thing that hit me was the smell as we walked in - amazing. I've been to a lot of Indian buffets; this one SMELLED the best. So far, so good. Found our table but as usual with any given buffet, arse didn't hit the chair before I was schlopping food onto my plate. Dhal, channa, chicken curry, aloo gobhi, chicken tikka masala (out when I was at the buffet, but they filled it up pretty quick after), meat and pea samosas, potato pakoras, and a giant laundry-basket-sized rice cooker to scoop from. Flung a few ribbons of raita Jackson Pollock-like (or Ron Jeremy-like, depending on your aesthetic sensibilities) across the heaped plate and back to the table to dine. Out came some garlic naan (better than regular naan!) which was thin and fresh. Making good on the promise of the initial smell, the food was VERY flavorful. Best buffet I've been to. The chicken curry was actually SPICY, not dumbed down. Why the hell does this place have to be ~40 miles from my house? One thing's for sure, I'll be back. Maybe not for a while, but still - Indian Paradise rocketed to #1 on my Indian restaurant list after the first mouthful and I'm pretty sure the same will be the case for any Indian food aficionado that tries it. Word of warning - it may be too much of a punch in the mouth for newcomers to the cuisine - if that's you, I suggest getting your feet wet at Bombay Spice (Tatum and Shea) first before trying this joint. Came out with my gut looking like an alien was going to bust out of it and my tastebuds feeling as though they'd gone around the LHC a few billion times. Hands down five out of five.
3	This was my first Indian restaurant experience Ever!I am totally open to try everything and anything. So...I Did.I was debating on the 3-4 stars because mostly of the naan bread!Holy jeebus....that Naan bread and rice pudding and the little sugary dough balls are my favorites go figure.  I wanted to dip that delicious bread into just the masala sauces.  I am half Filipino so me and rice go together like a fish with water.  Only thing I disliked immensely is the different grain of rice.  If i had my own jasmine rice with me i might have enjoyed everything even more.  I love curry and their curry was not bad I loved the kick to it but I am too spoiled from panang curry. When I do not eat amazing curry I almost need my favorite curry to make up for the not so great curry.  The man I worked for said he liked the food more at tandoori times but liked the price more at Indian paradise. Especially since it was a buffet.Will I crave Indian on a regular basis No, Will I still go with other people that want it Definitely but will stop at a thai spot for some jasmine rice to bring with me ;)
4	The interior is clean and decorated well. Went here for the lunch buffett; for $11.95, you get a good selection of food: chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, samosas, chicken tandoori, aloo gobhi, and some others I missed. All of them tasted good for a buffett, and they made a conscious effort to refill the food quickly. I also got garlic naan with my order and I highly recommend it: it was very crispy and didn't have too much garlic on it. For desert I had the gulab jamun with rice pudding, which was also very good. My only complaint was the rice: it was kinda hard and thin. I'm not sure if they intend to cook it this way, but I prefer my rice kinda sticky. Service was pretty good as well. They took away the buffett plates in a timely manner and refills were prompt. I got tired of going to the chain restaurants, so if you're in Scottsdale I would recommend this place for a nice change of pace.
4	My wife and I keep coming back here!  Maybe it's just the convenience, but whatever the reason we're always stuffed to the gills and very happy with the food and service.  We went in recently for the Champagne brunch (buffet) and enjoyed a selection of things we hadn't tried before.  We arrived about 12:30 (on Sunday) and found about 10 other people in the restaurant.  Over the next hour, people were pouring in, large groups, families.  It appears to be a very popular buffet!The servers were very attentive, the food was fresh and very good.  The spice level seemed pretty mild, so if you have a thing for hot-n-spicy, you'll need to order a side of hot sauce.
5	Don't believe a word I write about Indian Paradise because, after all, I am a devotee of Indian food.  Don't believe me when I tell you that the lunch buffet here consists of about a dozen main dishes and at least ten of them are superb.  Please don't believe me about just how delicious the tikka masalas are, or the saag paneer (creamy Indian cheese and spinach).  Please, please, don't believe any of it, because if you do, then you will start coming here and your friends will follow and soon I won't be able to get a table.Seriously, the secret of Indian Paradise is that they cook everything very expertly.  The only downside -- it is a relatively small buffet -- is really a blessing in disguise, because if they had even one more option, I would have to try it and would then be unable to rise from my chair at the end of the meal.Here is what you will get (in general, as the menu varies somewhat from day to day): chicken tandoori, chicken and/or goat curry (their goat is a rare misfire, often too bony), chicken or cheese tikki masala, at least one creamy spinach dish, a couple of other meat entrees, lentils, several vegetarian options, at least one of which will be pretty spicy, rice, naan and one other bread, a couple of appetisers (like samosas, for example), a half dozen sauces, and rice pudding and honeyed cheese balls for dessert.  To drink, included in the price, try the mango lassi.Hints:  Don't eat breakfast.  Don't worry about cooking dinner.
3	The Naan Varieties are are really delicious.We mostly go for lunch buffets as they have more varieties served and is less expensive.The chicken curry is really good (not the spice that I expected thou), but my favorite will always be Lamb curry at Indian Paradise.Tandoori Chicken very well marinated is adequately juicy.
5	We have been looking for a good Indian buffet and found it. The place is a hidden treasure. The food was delicious and buffet had a good variety. Good service great food and pretty good price. Chicken curry was my favorite and the basmati rice was delicious.
3	My love affair with Indian cuisine started about 20 years ago, when in medical school with friends from India. Both North and South India. I learned the difference and also saw that the 20 somethings, male and female knew how to cook a whole meal with the spices they brought from India in the little metal caddie with individual spice cups. They even brought the Basmati rice from home with a rice cooker! I fell in love with the food and the guy ( but that's an other story). Although this place was not great before, it was as close as we're going to get to Indian food in Scottsdale. I've been going for the last couple of years and today I went back after a few months absence and it was just Not the same. The taste, the spices ( not the hotness ) was not the same at all! I have a feeling they changed owners, as even the service was bad. Other friends have also commented that the food quality is bad now, and I for one will not be going back.  The rice was dry and taste severely missing, even the cardamom Pods were missing. I had the curry and my companion the tikka masala and the tikka just tasted like tomato paste, and the curry was tasteless.   Very disappointing !! I soo wished this could last. The 3 stars is for my previous experience.Anyone know if the owners are the same or have they sold the place and moved back to the mother land??
4	Very good meal -- a la carte dinner. And service above and beyond. Must go back for the buffet.
4	Indian Paradise has a solid lunch buffet. At $11.95 maybe a little more expensive than usual for a buffet but it's in North Scottsdale so not completely unexpected either. Nice interior and even looks like the patio could be a pleasant dining experience when there's nice weather, surprising considering that the restaurant is located in a fairly bland, out of the way strip mall.The food was very tasty and will certainly sate your desire for Indian. Comparatively, it was middle of the road as far as the Indian food I've had--not the best but not the worst. But if you love Indian food like I do, you won't be disappointed. The lunch buffet has a lot of the standard dishes: chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, aloo matter, palak paneer, tandoori chicken, etc. Tikka masala is usually my favorite but theirs was just ok. I really liked their chicken curry and aloo matar.Service was good; everyone was friendly and attentive.Also, don't panic when you don't see the naan at the buffet like I did. They bring you your own basket. :)
5	Paneer is sooooo good here!!!
3	Solid Indian buffet that reminds me of all of the Indian buffets that I've tried.  A tad overpriced but the tasty samosas justify a semi-regular visit.
3	7/25/12Heard great things about Indian Paradise from good Yelp friends, and I thought it was about time I scratched this itch I had for Indian cuisine for many weeks.  I've passed IP many times before, noting it was on Hayden Rd, but never really memorized its location.  Disregard the directions from Navigation android app and follow Yelp directions, instead.  $10.95 gets you all-you-can-eat lunch buffet with fresh garlic naan and a glass of water.  All other beverages will cost extra.  I ordered a mango lassi for $4.  Buffet selections weren't many, but I managed to gather a varied plate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LFfYe-hh1NKFtUKV3LUgfg?select=d7H3JJ4h89IFRIFY0IA-7w#d7H3JJ4h89IFRIFY0IA-7w that consisted of (clockwise starting with) Tandoori chicken, Palak paneer, Chicken tikka masala, Dal tadka (yellow lentils), Dal makhni (red lentils), Chicken curry,  Paneer tikka masala (curd cheese in masala sauce), some shredded lettuce for texture (not pictured), mango and tamarind chutneys, and finally Gulab jamun for dessert.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LFfYe-hh1NKFtUKV3LUgfg?select=SzJNBzvd9lXjaDhg9DMh7g#SzJNBzvd9lXjaDhg9DMh7g  The mango lassi was gorgeous, and better yet, it tasted fantastic!  Before I had a taste of it, a man who was passing by my table on his way out of the door stopped to ask what it was.  I guess he liked the look of it, as well.  I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who loves mango lassis-- great mango flavor, a touch of sweetness, and a definite yogurt tang.  The naan took a long time to arrive, even after I sat down, asked for a lassi, first had a look at the buffet choices, and then proceeded to gather my plate and utensils before lining up to get food.  I had to wait another five minutes, maybe more, before it arrived on my table, which then allowed me to take a good photo to upload and THEN start eating.  The naan was warm, some parts were crispy, some parts were charred, and not very flavorful.  I couldn't detect a garlic flavor at all.  The dals were OK, the red saltier than the yellow, so I preferred the yellow.  I found the palak paneer to be tastier than the paneer tikka masala, which was salty, yet I found the paneer tikka masala's curd cheese cubes to be more tender, therefore more preferable; The cheese cubes in the palak paneer were rubbery.  The chicken curry was very appetizing!  Loved sopping up the sauce with the naan.  Perhaps the blandness of the naan was intentional, to make it a great companion to the sauces...  The tandoori chicken was very, very good, and perhaps the best I've tried anywhere.  Great smoke flavor, tender and moist-- I wouldn't mind ordering this for an entree.  I was already finished with lunch and wanted dessert (gulab jamun, rice pudding, or watermelon slices) when I spotted the chutneys, but I had some naan left, so I thought to try them out.  The mango chutney looked wonderful, and made me wish I had pancakes or crispy waffles to eat it with.  Before trying it with naan, I spooned a little bit into my mouth and found it to be quite salty, so it wouldn't do well for a sweet snack, unless you like sweet and salty (and I do on occasion, but not in mango chutneys).  The tamarind chutney, more syrup than chunky chutney really, was definitely sweeter.  The gulab jamun rounds were tougher than others I've tried; I kept wishing the centers were creamier/silkier.  I liked the sweet milk flavor, although the syrup wasn't scented with rosewater or saffron.  I'd say pass on these last three and save your calories for a lassi!
5	Love this place.  GREAT food (curry chicken is amazing) and a fast way to get an amazing lunch at a good price.  I meet my husband here for lunch at least every other week or more.  Love it!
5	Best Indian food in the valley. I've gone to quite a few places and none of them are as good as this. The place is never too busy so it is a quiet experience, but the staff are always wonderful, and recognize you when you come back. I recommend the chicken curry, vegetable pakoras, and aloo matar. 5 STARS!
2	I just eat there today. The food is OK, I had food from their lunch buffet.The place needs to be cleaned! The floors are black, the air conditioning vents are falling apart (you cannot see that because they have dropped the reflectors lower from the ceiling and painted the ceiling elements black, so unless you really look you cannot see), check out the chandelier in the place, filthy! I saw a tinny bug walk over the buffet foods while I was helping myself. I am not a picky person, but I will never go there again. There are much better Indian food places around.
2	The environment was nice. Good location. The food....I had to fill my stomach with something healthy. Thats it. The okra vegetable that my husband and I got was 1/4 portion of okra, 1/2 portion of onions and 1/2 portion of ginger. I was getting pcs of ginger in every bite which I just didnt like. We ordered a roti each with it and rice came along with the okra. We didnt bother to finish the veggie.
4	I'm very impressed by this place, before I give it 5 stars though, I would like to try more of their food.  I had the Beghan Aloo, it's potatoes and eggplant with spices.  It was incredibly good, but also drenched in ghee (not necessarily a bad thing).  I also had the rasmalai, which if you've read any of my reviews of indian restaurants, is my favorite dessert EVER.  It was only okay here, not quite the best i've ever had.  The service was really good.  It's a pretty bare bones restaurant, with a little bit of ambiance, but I don't really care much for that, the one sample dish I had here was pretty darn good, I will definitely be coming back to check out the lunch buffet.
3	I would give them 3.5We got there for early dinner thinking they had buffet, but they did not. Hubby had been fasting so we didn't want to look for other options and wait longer. We stayed and ordered from the menu. Chicken Tikka Masala (it comes with rice, not all white but I do not know what it has, I checked online and it could be cumin seeds) and we also ordered naan.Kudos to our server (a young lady) that volunteered some information about Chicken Tikka being served with no sauce (I got confused and ordered Chicken Tikka, instead of Chicken Tikka Masala), so thanks to her timely intervention I got what I meant to order, and not what I had mistakenly ordered, if that makes any sense : P*We forgot to ask for our food to be hot/spicy : (We had only water to drink, and overall everything was good. I was a little disappointed with the sauce on the chicken, but that could be because this place is from a different area in India or something...Garlic naan was really good. Also, the place itself is very nice, they have booths and it is nicely decorated. The place is more inviting than the IP 2I just would like to mention that I am sensitive to scents and our server was wearing a perfume a little too strong if you ask me.I would like to go back to try the buffet.
5	This is our favorite! The service has always been incredible and everything on the menu is great. We love the tikka masala and the dal. Great naan and samosas. Can't wait to go again.
5	Wow, what a terrific dinner we had!  We were served accompaniments of coriander chutney, tamarind sauce, and something I hadn't tasted before--spicy turnips.  We enjoyed those with the complimentary papadum.  We ordered Chicken vindaloo which was spicy as requested and delicious as well.  Complimentary yogurt sauce and white biryani rice came with the vindaloo.   Chicken Biryani was well prepared without the greasiness which usually accompanies this type of dish.  Tandoori roti bread was presented as requested (without butter) and yet it had a  good texture and taste.   We thought the food and service was worthy of 5 stars.  We were told by our waitress that the buffet operates 7 days a week and offers everything from bread to dessert.  We will definitely be back to enjoy more of their wonderful food.
2	Not bad, not great.They have a lunch box special, but won't allow you to eat on the premises. Each time I've gone in, they've never offered to seat me (I go alone).  I've had to ask about the lunch special all three times, and have not really been told much else other than "ok".  Left in the entryway, with no offer of a seat, or any indication of where to pay, or if I can sit down while I wait. They bring the food, but no one seems to know if I've paid or not - communication among staff isn't exactly stellar.The lunch box I've had 3 times has been chicken tikka masala (despite what the menu says the lunch box of the day is).The rice is really good. The chicken tikka masala is decent, but seemed to be more sauce than chicken.The naan bread (garlic) is kickass.Just okay, although I'll probably go back for the naan alone.They do a lunch buffet, but I have never been offered a seat, so... haven't tried it.
5	Very delicious and authentic place  to eat.  Definitely will come back again, just hope my toilet can endure the aftermath
5	Never a bad meal here!
5	Indian food in America is like Chinese food in America: it is either really good, or really bad. Indian Paradise, in my experience there several times (dinners), falls into the really good category. Lots of great flavor from healthy entrees, breads, salads, and sauces.I haven't tried the lunch buffet yet, but I would definitely recommend this place for a really good Indian dinner.
5	One of the best Indian Restaurants in the Valley. Jonathan is right, really good category! We have had dinner there several times. Lamb saag, chicken vindaloo and chicken tika masala are out favorites. We like it #8 and HOT! Garlic nann actually has garlic on it, unlike so many other Indian restaurants.Great service, we will be back!
1	Might be the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.
2	Very average Indian Restaurant.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything memorable either.  Food over all was a little bland.  There August pricing is discounted, for $9, it's not a bad deal.  I wouldn't pay their normal price though.  Service was also just average.  Naan came out quickly, but was very dry, needed some oil or salt.  Tasted very stale .  Plates were also not cleared off the table right away.  Only after I had 3-4 plates piled high would anyone come around to collect the plates.  I'll give them another try, maybe the food was just an off day.  WIll update if the food quality gets better.
3	Food was decent but nothing to write home about. This used to be the best Indian restaurant in the valley. Sadly, that's not the case anymore.Got chicken vindaloo and Chana masala. Chicken vindaloo isn't supposed to be tomato-based, but here it was. Tasted like a slightly altered version of chicken tikka masala. Chana masala was average as well.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =The last time I was here I told owner Bobby that I thought this place needed a little tune up & only gave it 3 Stars.  He Yelped me recently inviting me to drop in this month and take advantage of their August $8.95 Lunch Buffet Special and to see what I think of the improvements he said they have made.Wow, I'll say!  This place ROCKED today!  I started with help-yourself super tasty Mango Lassi, then they brought my choice of 3 flavors of hot, toasty Naan bread, plain, buttered, & my choice, garlic.  Yum!Over on the serving tables they had 34 food items out, plus sauces & dressings.  This is a Super Buffet for in Indian place, especially for a weekday!  Some of what I enjoyed was Tomato Soup, salad with various fruits & veggies, Balsamic Rice, Chicken Curry, Chicken Tikki Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Aloo Pakoras, Vegetable Samosa, Achari Chicken, Aloo Gobhi, Aloo Tamatal, Nauratan Vindau, Plalk Paneer, Daal Makhni, Gaigan Bharta, Paneer Tikki Masala, & so on, plus great desserts.All of this represented TERRIFIC Indian cooking!  There wasn't ANYTHING that I could say was better somewhere else.  On top of that, the table service was good, and there was a wide selection of CHINA plates & bowls from which to choose.  No eating out of nasty little styrofoam things or burning your fingers carrying handle-less steel cups!So is this now actually "Indian PARADISE"?  Pretty much!!     :-))August Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.95  New lower regular price $10.95.
5	Wonderful food.  Also just got an A+ rating from the health department.  Always a plus to know the kitchen is clean.  Wonderful selection and fair priced.
4	Indian Paradise lives up to its name.  Buttery-fresh naan, tasty samosas, creamy palak paneer, savory chicken tandoori, Indian salads, and so many other options make this a place to be reckoned with...Seriously, they have teleported some of the best Indian dishes into Phoenix and are ready to square off with the best in the area!  Not to mention, the service is superb and the building has a classy/ eclectic flavor to it that is hard to find fault with.   A bit more coconut milk may help to sweeten the dishes, but other than that, this is one of the best Indian buffets that you'll find in PHX!
4	Solid choice for a good weekend buffet. The price on the weekends is $11.95, and it includes soda, or one glass of champagne. Weekday prices do not include drinks but are cheaper.The spread here had a nice variety of meaty and vegetarian dishes. Such entrees included mutter paneer, chicken curry, goat curry, chicken makhani, mushroom curry, an unusual butternut squash curry (Quite tasty! I love butternut squash), aloo palak, dal makhani, tandoori chicken, and chana masala. Fried items included potato pakora and vegetable samosa. There was a diverse salad bar, 2 different types of chaat, and various condiments like mint chutney. Dessert consisted of mango pudding, kheer (rice pudding), and gulab jamun. The gulab jamun was decent, but more hard and dense tasting than others I've had. In addition to the soda or champagne, there is a self serve mango lassi station which was quite nice. There is also a crock of tomato soup and a cooker filled with rice. Another plus about this restaurant is that they will make fresh, hot off the oven naan for you in a basket. Tasty!Service was great and drinks + plates were refilled and taken away as needed.Overall, a good experience, and the food itself was decent. Go for the great deal for what you get, and the variety of dishes.
5	Excellent! We tried it based on the nearby Yelp search and such a treat! This is our new favorite Indian spot. Great service, 3 different waiters taking care of the dining room. Very prompt to bring crispy naan and sauces when we arrived. We started with the crispy potato cakes - pakoras - and raita, delicious. Then things got even better... Chicken tikka masala and vegetable vindaloo with garlic naan. Everything was amazing. We had 4 different sauces to dip in and the flavors were great. We like super spicy so we requested their hot sauce and it did not disappoint. If you like great Indian, look no further!
4	Very good choice. We ordered 5 dishes all vegetarian plus naan. Quick service and quite attentive. Normally we get mild but this was on the hotter side. Fresh ingredients and would recommend for a lower cost meal than other places near Kierland.
3	This is our 2nd time having lunch actually on Thanksgiving Day.  They upcharged us for the buffet but didn't offer the champagne it was supposed to include.  We were told it only included the sweat mango tea over at the buffet.  It wasn't until I read other reviews & remembered when we came two years ago we were supposed to get champagne also.  The walls are painted a deep blue, & we feel that it really ruins the atmosphere & it not conducive to dining.  As it is Indian food, the walls should be painted a deep hue, like orange/red.  It needs a good redo.  I am making a note not to return because the interior just makes me feel lousy when I eat there.  The food is ok, not great.  If they redecorated, the food would probably taste better to me.  We are usually there over vacation periods, hence that is why we ended up there twice on Thanksgiving.  It's ok, just kind of a strange decor & not appealing to me.
1	Went in for the first time on Wednesday, with two other friends for the lunch buffet, around 2.15. Not knowing/understanding that this place closes from 2.30 to 5 pm. The lady told us that they're NOT refilling anymore so we could see if whatever was left over was OK to pay full price for. With the amount of food that there was left that would've been a no-brainer. So I asked her if she meant no more 'lunch buffet price' or NO more period. No apologies or feeling bad for rejecting unknowing customers. Food MIGHT be good, but these people sure don't know how to deal with customers professionally. ESPECIALLY when it comes to rejecting customers.
5	This is a fantastic choice! My friends and I (who have traveled to India) went out for dinner here and couldn't have been happier. The service was great and the food was fantastic. They seem to always have a Yelp deal going on as well.
4	Great food and atmosphere amazing service as well...had the makhni chicken highly recommend!
5	Did a simple takeout since we decided to stay in New Year's Eve.  Ordered the Chicken Saag and Chicken Biryani.  I will be on the record to say that this is was the best Chicken Saag I have ever had in ANY restaurant where I have eaten Indian food.  That includes many East coast places known for great cuisine.  The Biryani was plentiful, delicious and had enough chicken.  Both dishes were made to the spiciness which we requested which was spicy.  Order came with a wonderful yogurt sauce.  The young lady who took the order was friendly and efficient.  She was very polite and wished me a happy new year.....Happy New Year Indian Paradise:  May the new year bring you lots of business from people who enjoy excellent, excellent , excellent Indian food.  Did I say excellent too many times????  Nope... not for this food!!!!
4	Let me start by saying, I'm not a huge fan of Indian food -- however; I do like the food here. The atmosphere is elegant and quiet and the menu has a great variety to it. There are also Indian music videos playing in the background with beautiful men and women wearing every color known to man. The chicken tikka masala was delish and I could live off of the garlic naan for a few days at least.
5	Delicious Indian food! Their garlic naan is to die for! We had the Buttered Chicken and Chicken tika masala. Awesome service, will definitely be back for more!
5	We went there after a long hike and were craving for a good indian food .. This place was truly that.. For )$12 per person all you can eat also included a glass of champagne .. Which was new to me from a indian buffet.. Food was amazing .
4	Great food but not much of it.  I ordered Lamb Vindaloo for about $15 and there were only about 6 pieces of lamb - excellent taste but mostly sauce
4	Great lamb korma and rogan josh.Showed up right at 5 and was done with dinner quickly with good service!
4	Yummy, nice staff, kids platter. All good. My only complaint is that it is a bit pricey.
5	Perhaps our favorite Indian restaurant in town. The staff is always friendly and helpful, but reserved. We've only been to the lunch buffet, at least a dozen times, and we like it. Great options for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. Hot from the oven naan is delivered promptly to the table as you visit the buffet. The food is wonderfully spiced but not too much for our American taste buds. I like the fact that the restaurant is usually about half filled with Indian people, always a great sign that the food must be good and authentic. Highly recommend Indian Paradise.
5	This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in Phoenix! We got samosas to start; for entrees we had chicken tikka tandoori, chicken korma, lamb kofta curry, and plain naan. Everything was pretty delicious! The chicken korma was better than I think I've ever had and I really enjoyed the chicken tikka tandoori! The naan was wonderful also! The samosa wasn't the best one I've had, but it was still good and big portions! We also had one of the specialty cocktails with mango lassi, yum! Lastly, the staff was friendly and quick! I would highly recommend!
1	Never had Indian food before, my husband took me to this restaurant.The waitress came and I saw her hitting something with the menu, I ignored it but then I saw what she was trying to hide it was a cockroach on the wall by my table.I walked out never taste their food if they had cockroaches in their dining area imagen the kitchen
5	We have been to many Indian restaurants over the year but this place is a top contender!  You can tell that they use very quality ingredients and know how to cook chicken tikka masala and rogan josh to a perfection. We surely recommend!
1	never going back. The food was really blend, went with a colleague for lunch buffet, every Indian place I have ever been to at least had good chicken tikka masala but it was just too bad here, paneer was equally tasteless. The place was surprisingly full, probably due to lots of IT companies near by.
2	We went there for Father's day dinner. The Chicken tikka masala was good but the Chef's tandoori special for $21.95 was terrible! It was like a very horrible fajita with all their lunch meat left overs. The meat was tough and bad tasting not tandoori style at all.The sikh kabab was more like sausage texture. We thought to get the best for my poor husband's Father's day, but he ended up with the most expensive food on the menu that was also the worst on the menu.  The rice also was all broken up and old.Since we were starving and was Father's day, we did not complain. I will make sure NEVER again go for dinner there. Dinner is too expensive and not  good.The Buffet should be OK. I will give it one more try but on their buffet. It seems they take Buffet left overs and serve it a la cart at dinner time and charge three times more.
5	Don't miss this gem! The buffet has a great selection of vegetarian and meat dishes and they're all delicious! The menu items look great but I haven't made it past the buffet yet. I've been here twice and I'm sure I'll be back for more. A nice family run restaurant serving something a bit  different from all the chain restaurants in the area and at great prices.  What's not to like?
1	Sooooo..... I can't believe that it has taken me THIS long to update my review here. So long in fact that I cannot remember the last time I went. All I know is that my second dining experience with roaches was enough to seal the deal - not ever coming back here again. Which is a shame because I've yet to find another buffet that compares in terms of flavor. But if flavor has to come with a roach crawling around the silverware (YES.. the SILVERWARE) or on a wall beside me while employees just watch it... I'd just rather not.Now granted my last experience was some time ago (some months after the decor was updated and walls went from yellow to blue) but considering the last report of a roach sighting was three months ago, their health inspections I very easily googled all report problems with roaches or roach powder on the premises, and I saw them two separate times?? Not likely changing. Eat at your own risk.
4	Food is good. Buffet has lot of choice.
5	Still fantastic buffet!  They have a great way of blending the spices & food was delicious. They now serve Mango Lassi which is a perfect addition to the palate. Good service & comfortable surroundings. The food is excellent!
5	This is probably the best Indian restaurant in AZ. I've never had a bad meal here. And the service is exceptional. Be sure to come hungry. My husband and I always order extra naan to scrape off the leftover curry that we weren't able to get into the to go box... we'd use our fingers if it weren't impolite. Letting it go to waste isn't an option. It's so good! The goat curry is delicious, but there are bones in it. I highly recommend anything with lamb... you can't fail with the lamb curry or lamb coconut curry. I like the chicken makni, butter chicken, but usually get the lamb. Be sure to leave room for the rice pudding and the gulab jamun. I like to combine the two, so damn delicious.
4	Today was our first visit and it was prompted by all of the positive reviews.  Sunday evening it was not crowded at all and the server told us that evenings are not nearly as busy as lunchtime.  We ordered buttered naan bread, samosas, chicken vindaloo with basmati rice and lamb biryani.  Everything was excellent!  Just the right amount of spice, generous servings and unlimited refills of our diet cokes.  The service was prompt and pleasant and the chef even came out to say hello and ask if everything was to our liking.  No issues at all.  Will definitely go back.  Didn't give a 5 star simply because the restaurant itself lacks a bit of ambiance, but other than that 5 stars for the food and service!
4	Oh Naan. How I love thee.
4	I am currently working in Scottsdale and decide to have some Indian. I was not disappointed food was good service was good and a wide selection of buffet options. I will definitely make it a point to come back.
3	Great food and reasonable priced. They are a great staple for the traditional Indian dishes. Good, reliably consistent, unless you order on a mid week early dinner. Must be a different chef. ;) I recommend, I go on a regular basis and I am from London and know a lot about Indian food, if I do say so myself. lol ;)
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It's been a little over a year since my last visit here because it's far from home, but I stopped back in today to see how they're doing, and if the place still deserves the 5 Stars I've had up for it.     :-)The dining room is very comfortable here, with good temperature, lighting, choice of booth or table seating, appropriate soft music playing, and a friendly staff providing excellent table service and keeping the serving area in top form.I started by assembling a salad from the fresh selection of ingredients as well as some of a treat called Kachumber Salad.  (No, not cucumber!)  Then it was on to delicious Tomato Soup and a cup of STELLAR Mango Lassi, which is help yourself and included in the lunch price.     :-)Really good things from the hot tables included Aloo Pakoras (breaded potato pancakes), Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken (made & served just right), Curry Chicken, and my very favorite hot dish of the day, Mushroom Curry.  (Honest, it was terrific!)Everything was properly labeled, and an important plus for this place, along with everything else, is that they provide a choice of variously sized CHINA bowls (not burn-your-fingers steel or ucky Styrofoam!) to choose from to serve yourself some of the soupy dishes that are always part of South Asian fare.There were no shortcomings at all to this TERRIFIC Indian Buffet, and the price was right too, at $9.95.     :-))
3	Good food, nice service, prices were decent. The decor and bathrooms could use some work. Overall good experience.  We would visit again.
