4	Who would have imagined that in the heart of the Grayhawk area, I'd find a quaint creole restaurant?? I mean, nothing about the name suggests Creole or Louisiana style nosh. But boy am I glad!! A g'friend and I went to Jaspers for lunch yesterday. We were greeted very warmly and seated promptly. There wasn't a crazy lunch-hour wait, so it makes a great spot if you need to conduct a lunch meeting or are short on time. I wanted to sit on the outdoor patio to enjoy the lovely weather. However,  it was a bit chilly in the shade yet too hot in the direct sunlight. So our server was gracious enough to turn on the overhead heating lamps. Ahhhhh! Now that's more like it. Now this is gonna sound boring, so bare with me. My friend and I ordered the same thing for lunch! I know, what fun is that for my virgin experience there? But it was a lunch special and we couldn't resist!We ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich on warm chabatta bread. It comes with creamy, thick-cut cole slaw on the side. But I wanted to enjoy my pulled pork sandwich Memphis style...cole slaw ON the sandwich! On the side was a pickled, caramelized onion chutney that I also put on the sandwich. Yum-O!! A side of fries comes with the sandwich too. But not just any ole' fries! These were thick-cut and subtly seasoned regular fries tossed with sweet potato fries. What a perfect marriage! This little surprise isn't mentioned on the menu just FYI. The meals came out promptly and were perfect lunch sized portions. Listen, its rare for me that a desert eclipses an entree. But it did! The house-made Key lime pie is probably the best I've ever had.....ever! I order key lime pie any time I see it on a menu and therefore have had my fair share. Jasper's Key lime is a double layer pie. The bottom is a traditional creamy, tangy layer. The equally thick  top layer is light, airy and creamy with wonderful specks of lime zest. The unfussy graham cracker crust is perfectly sweet and buttery. I can't say enough about this slice of heaven. You'll just have to try it yourself! Jaspers Peak is owner operated and managed and they're simply great people!  You won't be disappointed! I took my own advice Monday and conducted a dinner meeting at Jaspers for after work meeting. This go round, I had the chicken & andouille gumbo. Good thing for me, the stock is chicken based. I love this place b/c they always surprise me. My bowl of gumbo had a center of creamy grits. The sausage could have been a bit more spicy in my humble opinion. But that didn't stop me from damn near licking the bottom of the empty bowl! Bon Appetite!
5	We enjoyed our jambalaya and vodoo chicken, they were both great, can't wait to go back.
5	Love love love this spot!!  I was introduced to this spot by my neighbor Chris and have been frequently going there for almost 3 years...sometimes 2x/week or if I'm traveling, well lets just say I make up for it upon my return.  I love the bar as it is quaint and invites conversation easily (amongst people you've never met)....  I'm not a full fare menu eater, however, I can live off the appis just fine.  The artichoke is just, well plain fun to eat...even though the heart is a little on the small side...you almost have to savor it...the cajunaise sauce makes it even more inviting...  My absolute FAV are the shrimp canapes...anything with bacon, cheese, and a mouth watery cajun sauce...should be good and yes they are!!!!  Love the chili (topped with sour cream and Frito's...I do this at home now:-)  I had the "peak salad" once upon along time ago...  I've tried the voodoo chicken pasta...shared it with my neighbor...he had I believe the spicy creole pasta...needless to say, we both left there satisfied.  I've tried "new" items..not sure if they are on the menu (not currently on-line), a spicy/cajun shrimp stuffed avocado (perrrrfect for summer)...I'm resorting to this from now on.  If anyone's tried the shrimp and ancho tacos...I'm dying to hear??  To boot, they have the best key lime pie...:-)  Yummmy!  I'm a little bummed EOS is no longer on the menu, but it's addition of the Director's Cut Cab is fine by muah :-)
5	I recently tried another menu item that I MUST brag about.  The Chicken Pho is not only delicious, but LITE...  Tasty broth accompanied by a generous size of grilled chicken abed pasta and baby potatoes with broccoli.  Not quite a soup, but perfect meal with alot of flavor and best of all...you don't feel guilty eating it!!!
5	My husband and I had lunch here today and loved it!We shared the deviled eggs for an appetizer, very tasty. For mains I had the Sweet Thing Pasta (shrimp, chicken, basil, garlic, parmesan cheese and vermicelli)....  also tasty and very filling even though it was the smaller lunch size....I paired it with the Murphy Goode Sauvignon Blanc.....a beautiful wine.My husband ordered the Butternut Pumpkin Ravioli with Venison Blueberry Sausages and it was incredible....definitely the standout!My husband also wisely paired it with the Sangria....which the waitress told him after his first glass it was happy hour (happy hour runs from 11am-7pm...not bad at all! ) so that meant it was only $3 a glass.....so armed with that knowledge he ordered another one. He said he may as well as it was taking me a long time to drink my wine....it is called savoring! lol Then after clearing our plates the waitress asked if we would like dessert...I said no...due to the conversation of how full we were with my husband just a split second earlier...however my husband decided that if the appetizer, mains and drinks were all that good then it wouldn't hurt to look at the dessert menu....so we looked....not a good idea as all the desserts sounded great even though our bellies were saying they were perfectly satiated. We decided to split the Rhubarb and Strawberry Cobler with Vanilla Bean ice-cream......WOW! Our bellies will get over it : )The atmosphere was cozy and relaxed....the patio also looks great for when it is cooler and our waitress was wonderful! Highly recommend.
5	Had another amazing meal here. Some more recommendations include the Gulf Crab Dip....pair it with the Pinot Grigio....and you have perfection! Also my husband ordered the Cajun Prime Rib which I had a few tastes of......delicious.....even nicer if you order it with the Shrimp. My main meal and the dessert were the same as last time.....and I think if it is possible the Rhubarb and Strawberry Cobler has managed to improve and taste even better than the last time!
4	Being a stranger to town, it took a while to find it, but well worth the search.  I was hungry for cajun food and thought I would give it a try, and am glad I did.  I tried both the gumbo and jambalaya and both were excellent.  I sat at the bar, and the service was friendly and attentive. Although it is a long drive, I will be going back as soon as I have another craving for cajun food.
4	If you live in the neighborhood or find yourself there, go to Jaspers Peak.  Honestly, I can't see making the drive from far away, but it's a great neighborhood spot.  Friendly, cozy, with almost a "Cheers" like quality at the bar, but no "bar food" found here.  The menu is eclectic New Orleans/southern home cooking/classic American delicious.  You can find some relatively healthy dishes as well as more decadant southern classics, and the wine list is decent.
4	I am adding Jasper's Peak in my favorite places to sit outside and eat, WITH my golden retriever.  The tables are large, so there's room for him to sit underneath the table and not disturb non-dog people.  The food is good but most of the time I am eating the appetizers.  There's one with spicy shrimp that's the best.  The staff is very friendly.  And, there's a bit of a party atmosphere which I like.
4	It's pouring in Phoenix, the GPS doesn't recognize the address we've entered, the PGA Tour is here and redirecting us, and finally, we find our way to the very suburban, strip-mall located Jaspers Peak Bistro.We went to enjoy the Happy Hour in the bar and showed up to an empty place. Uh oh!  Being out-of-towners, we can only go by Yelp reviews and we're hoping we weren't steered wrong.  We grab a seat in the bar and are attended to by two lovely women!  As we are deciding upon beers, we get small samples of all their drafts, to aid in our decision making. How nice! =)The evening progresses in a similar fashion, except for the fact that about 30-45 minutes after our arrival, the place is packed!  Yelp wins again =)  We tried beer, wine, champagne, and cocktails. In preparation for my review, I wanted to be thorough!  The Chopin Cosmo was divine!  We also sampled some HH foods, which were half off:-Deviled Eggs: pretty simple and tasty-Cheese Plate: with manchego and gouda, grapes, and caramelized pears. also simple and tasty-Shrimp Canape: Grilled Shrimp, aged cheddar, applewodd-smoked bacon, and ancho chili aoili. Didn't look as appetizing as it actually was.Service was warm and attentive, atmosphere was nice, and the place was cute.  The one downside was that the quoted HH deals on drinks (we were told select wines and beers were 1/2 off) was incorrect.  The wines were actually 3 dollars off a glass; rather than paying 6 bucks for a 'meh' glass of syrah, it was actually 9 dollars.  The website lists the HH accurately, but the place should either put it on their menu in the place, or ensure the servers know the drill.I'd patronize this establishment often if we lived there.  We felt like regulars and saw how many people there actually were.  I love places like this!
4	Friendly, friendly, friendly staff!!! Loved the New Orleans flare. We were on a business trip and recently went to Jasper's Peak for happy hour. When we walked in we felt as though we were regulars. They were so nice letting us taste a few beers before we selected one on draft. We tried a couple of their happy hour appetizers. All were reasonably priced with the standout being the shrimp canape. Shrimp, cheese and bacon. Yes, bacon makes everything better! We would definitely go back if we lived in the area. Give them a try if you are near by.
2	Went for Saturday lunch.  They were closed?  Wait - a big restaurant in high rent North Scottsdale is closed for lunch on a Saturday with perfect weather for sitting on their patio?  I'm impressed that there are still people left in this economy in a position to turn revenue away.  Really enjoyed happy hour a few weeks ago and wanted to try more of the menu.  Website says they have a lunch menu.  My mistake for assuming I could order off it at 1:00 on a Saturday.
4	This is a weird place.  Situated in a typical N. Scottdale strip mall, you would expect this place to be your standard bar and grill type place.  Well you would be 1/2 correct.  It is a standard bar and grill but Lousiana/Creole style.  Anyway, it is very odd for the place's name, location and look but then again I'll eat anything so what the heck.I went there last night (Tuesday) at about 6pm because it sounded like a pretty good happy hour.  My wife and I were meeting 2 other people there so we figured we'd get there early for drinks/appetizers.  Upon entering we noticed how small the place actually was.  Probably about a dozen tables and another 12 or so chairs around the bar.  The patio was defiantly bigger and less crowded so we sat there even though it was pretty hot outside.  They have misters n' stuff so it wasn't bad at all.While waiting for the rest of our party to arrive we each had a drink and split Burbon Street Boil which is basically shell-on shrimp that have been boiled in some type of creole stuff.  It was excellent and I would come back just for that.  The shrimp were very flavorful and had just the right amount of kick.For dinner I wasn't in the mood for jambalaya or gumbo so I decided on a standard burger.  I meant to order the burger with andouille sausage for some Lousiana flair, but ordered their other burger by mistake.  It was very good though and the fries that came with were very good as well.  I'm still pretty pissed that I ordered the wrong burger though.  I also ordered their wedge salad to start and it was ok.  I know I shouldn't have expected a standard wedge but that is what I was in the mood for.  It was a Romain wedge instead of an iceberg one.  All the typical ingredients were there but the dressing had a kick to it and there were candied walnuts mixed in the salad.  It was pretty good but not really my style.My wife ordered the shrimp and ancho tacos and they were excellent.  I could eat those things all day long.  The sauce had some good heat to it which is nice and the shrimp were pretty large as well.Our waitress was pretty much a space case but was very friendly and helpful.  Not sure what she was doing when she would disappear for 15 minutes at a time but whatever.Anyway, I would like to come back to get serious with their Louisiana cuisine and try some gumbo, etoufee and jambalaya.
4	We went to dinner here last night for the 4th or 5th time and had a great meal. We always buy the Restaurant.com coupon for Jasper's which makes it quite the affordable date night. It is small but cute has great food. I had the JACKRice last night which was excellent. My bf had the meatloaf sandwich and fries which was also pretty amazing. We started with the Shrimp Caprese which was small but still really good. The server dropped one of our plates so we got free dessert as well. We had the strawberry-rubarb cobbler which was really good. I highly recommend this place and definitely think it's worth the drive.
5	It's been a while...but "I'm B-A-C-K"!!!  Never in a million years would I ever crave a beet salad...yes you heard correctly!  Jasper's has an amazing beet salad, these amazing beets are accompanied by fresh mango, orange wedges, candied pecans, with the tastiest pear vinaigrette you'll ever find.  This salad is really more like a dessert :-)I finally tried the shrimp & ancho tacos, and I'm hooked!!!!  The right amount of remoulade, marries the corn tortilla, topped with cabbage, gulf shrimp, & ancho chili sauce...a squeeze of lime & it's just right!  My mouth is watering as I write...yummy!I only have 2 more, I promise...but everything is soooo good, I have to share!They've got the seared AHI tuna...yeah, that's right.  I was like WOW...no way!  Amazing!  Prepared just perfect and so fresh.  I took my out of town healthy eating friends here and they just loved this dish.  Honestly, I'd put it at the top 2 of the choices that I love.  What I realllly like about Jasper's is that they have something for everyone on the menu.  If you're in the mood for a good steak, they've got the crab stuff filet.   A petite filet, crab and herb stuffed crosscut center, with a cabernet reduction bordelaise sauce, garlic roasted mash potatoes & broccoli...heavenly!Alright, I'm done...I'm heading to Jasper's!  Why not...Tuesday's is HALF OFF bottle wine night..:-)
5	I love love love the chicken & hummus appetizer. Its served w/ sauteed spinach and pita. Although its an app, its large enough for a light meal. Most times, I get that w/ the beet salad and split it w/ a friend. Perfect. For those of you who avoid beets, I think you'll change your mind w/ this salad. The beets are sweet like candy.  Served w/ feta, mandarin oranges, candied pecans and a very unique pear dressing, you forget you're eating healthy. I've been trying to harvest the pear vinaigrette recipe forever!!! They won't give up the secret sauce! :( Enjoy!
5	FYI...awesome deal on LocalDines, http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ.  I wish I had known about it on my last visit.  $20 to get a $40 cert.  No restrictions like on restaurant.com.
4	I've been wanting to try this for awhile and after a saturday evening movie with another couple, finally gave it a try. They were busy, so we had a drink at the bar. The place is small inside but it's inviting. I didn't go outside but it looked alot bigger. Because we had to have popcorn at the movie I was happy to see that you can order the lunch size portions anytime. I had the jambalaya and I really liked it. It was spicy and saucy and the lunch portion was just right. My sweetie go the creole pasta and it was a whole lot heavier than mine but still very good. A friend had the halibut and it looked amazing too.All in all they have a good selection of food for pretty good prices and the beer and wine selections treated us well. We left there happy people and I, for one, am excited to go back!
4	VOODOO Chicken was fantastic!  Most of the entree selections were available over rice or pasta.  They had many gluten free options and they use brown rice and brown pasta. I stumbled upon Jaspers Peak Bistro on accident and I am glad I did.  Cajun inspired food cooked well.  Very satisfying and delicious.The server was a bit neglectful, but we were loving our food so much and the company of friends that we didn't mind so much.  The neglectful server did recommend the food we ordered and we were very happy with it.
4	I really wanted to give this place more credit, but the food??  3.5 stars they do try !, Great atmosphere! and happy hour is the way to go. When it comes to the food it was mediocre, but it has potential. I think I would stick with the half off appetizers and drinks until the kitchen improves a little. Good ingredients, great ideas, just not good execution.  Maybe the chef had the day off. Ryan was our server and all service seemed good. A few little improvements and it would be really great,  I tried 4 dishes and all needed a little help.
5	Best bartender in the world, Jesse.  Had several items on the menu and never been disappointed. Always got shrimp and cheddar blt..got shrimp canape omg..blew my socks off.  Best place in the area by far!!!
5	Excellent. Loved the bread and the gumbo. Great outdoor seating. Great staff.
4	I thought the food was amazing. I had the Voodoo chicken, my husband had the meatloaf sandwich, and my son had the shrimp tacos, all of which were excellent. Very friendly server as well.
5	Excellent restaurant. Very classy and wonderful selections. I would recommend it for families and dates. It was slightly loud though but that was the only negative. We had a party of 4 and everyone was thrilled with their food. Prices were in the $14-$30 dollar range and seemed reasonable. Use a restaurant.com gift cert for an even better deal.
5	I consider myself lucky...to have found this spot :-)  Again, I share my reviews of such awesome tasty eats.  The shrimp caprese is a perfect start....the balsamic reduction and fresh basil is the perfect touch to this starter...oh my...mouth is watering...and I'm no where near at this particular moment :(  They've added the tomato basil soup (a menu item from their JACKshrimp restaurant in Newport Beach)....it's a hearty one and full of flavor indeed!!The prime rib tacos...perfectly chopped...you'll look graceful eating while enjoying the amazing flavors that come together.Flavorful wines have been added to the menu too!  Wake up Grayhawk....there's life in town afterall :-)
3	I must've driven by this place a hundred times before we finally stopped in. It was a lot smaller inside than I thought it would be-- most of the seating seems to be on the patio. The food was good! We started with the appetizer beignets, which are the bomb! I was bummed that I had to share the appetizer with others.  For my entree, I got the VooDoo chicken which was very good. The sauce was a little runnier than I thought it would be, but the flavor was great. The manfriend got a beef poboy that he he said was just okay. My other friend got the wings and tomato soup, which she said was pretty good. I would've rated this place better but the service wasn't very good. I think our server was drunk- maybe? She brought two of us our drinks and then disappeared for 20 minutes. We asked for waters and the remaining person's drink  and she was gone again for a while. We didn't see anyone again until the food runner brought our food out.  She kept saying "Damnit!" when she'd forget things and adjusting her bra while she was talking to us. All in all, I would come back for the beignets alone, even given the mediocre service. I saw another table order the meatloaf and it looked so good! I will try that next time.
4	Went with a couple of friends for a happy hour cum birthday drinks celebrations. Loved the outdoor seating in the patio which was very comfortable. The heaters could get a little too warm (but maybe thats just me!). We had a couple of appetisers. The crab dip is very good as are the shrimp canapes. The devilled eggs were ok. for dinner we had the voodoo chicken everyone is raving about below. It wasnt bad but it wasnt amazing, it tasted like regular chicken penne  . Will try something else the next time ..which does mean that I will go next time. Our waitress was also very friendly and attentive. Dinner, appetisers and drinks for 4 of us came to arund $20 (without tip) so not bad for the upscale Scottsdale location where this is located. The complex where this is located also looks very inviting and may try a couple of other places there as well.
1	Stopped at Jasper's Peak tonight with my honey for dinner.  Called ahead, but they do not take reservations for parties less than 6.  HUH? When we arrived, the inside booths were full and the patio was filling.  We opted for a high top table by the door in the bar area.  Acknowledged by a waitress, we were given place settings and menus.  That was the last we saw of her.   Because we were by the door, we began to feel like we were the official greeters, as there is not a hostess station.  Eager groups of diners entered and stood at our elbows, waiting (jostling) for a table.  After about 10 minutes, we fled our table for the wide-open bar.  Settling in, we realized that there was a true staffing problem.  The bar tender disappeared, never making eye contact with us.  About 5 minutes later, a bleached blond waitress entered the bar to get her orders.  My husband said "hi", she, quite surprised said "hi" back and proceeded to complete her order and exit.  We sat there in disbelief.  Looking at the menu, nothing made us say, "wow, I would love to try that".  We then came to the complete understanding (and conclusion) that we were not going to get the service that we deserved.We left, walked across the parking lot to LOCAL BISTRO and HAD AN ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC MEAL AND EVENIING...but that is another review.  Sorry, Jasper's....fail.
4	Since we like Jack Shrimp so well in Newport Beach, CA, we thought we'd try their other family-owned restaurant. The menu is small, but the selections cover a broad range.  I had the butternut ravioli with a yummy grilled sausage on the side.  Hubby had the bacon-wrapped parmesan meatloaf.  It was 5-star delicious!  There are three reasons this restaurant did not get a 5-star rating from me: 1) You can't order half a salad, leaving only the boring Caesar and House salads to go with a meal.  2) The server didn't seem interested in waiting on us.  3) The portions are a bit on the small side.  Fine for me, but I could tell at a glance that the meatloaf wasn't enough for most guys.
4	Friendly service, good food, and reasonable prices all combine to make this place a repeat experience.
3	When my boyfriend and I came to this place for lunch, it was DEAD, like really really DEAD. We only came out because I had a living social coupon that wasn't put to use yet. The place itself on the inside is small but well decorated, the outdoor area is pretty spacious and very nice. Anywho, the menu, was very pricey, I mean lunch was decently priced but the portions were quite small. My boyfriend got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich which he enjoyed, he also had the jambalaya and let me tell you this...it was the worst jambalaya I've ever had in my entire life. It was extremely watery, yes watery, almost had a stew consistency and it was very flavorless. Call me harsh, but my grandmother's boyfriend is from Louisiana and his jambalaya is killer, its full of flavor, spicy and so amazing and this jambalaya was BLAH. I ordered the voodoo chicken and it was pretty dang good, I'll give that to them, I couldn't believe adding shrimp was an extra 3 bucks, and they only put like 4 pieces of shrimp in it, again rip-off. Our waitress was very friendly but man was she wrong about the jambalaya, it was just terrible! I've had better microwavable jambalaya than that. Would I come back, um probably, it was OK, the service was good though.
2	We went to Jasper's Peak courtesy of a Groupon my companion picked up. I'm fairly glad we didn't pay full price considering how disappointed I was with our experience this evening.We ordered the crab dip, the voodoo chicken (with added shrimp), and the jambalaya. The crab dip ($9) had a nice texture (not too wet), but didn't have a distinctive flavor. We doused this liberally with hot sauce, which was a significant improvement. It was served with blue corn tortilla chips, which provided a good contrast with our spiced up version.The voodoo chicken ($16) had a delicious smokiness to it, and the shrimp (4 for an additional $4.50) were a nice complement. The jambalaya ($16) was weak, thin and not terribly filling. The rice was the best part of the jambalaya as it had time to soak up the sauce, which brings me to my next point.The meats were all nicely done, but it was obvious that they were cooked separately outside of their sauces and assembled later. They were a bit bland unless you were certain that you rolled them about in your sauce. The service could have been significantly better. Our water glasses were often empty for long stretches, and our waitress Rebecca's friendliness seemed forced and artificial. The place was fairly dead, but we weren't checked on until our meals were almost finished. She asked how our food was at that point but didn't even wait for my answer before she walked away. Service was fairly slow throughout the meal, even though I could see our plates waiting on the service counter.I wanted to love this place as it is far closer to me than Baby Kay's, but I'm not going to settle for such poor service at this price.Also, the bartender seemed very friendly, guiding the gentleman at the table next to us through a tasting in order for him to make a wine selection. We didn't drink tonight, but I was impressed.Pros:- Quiet.- Large patio area.- Clean.Cons:- No reservation for parties fewer than six.- Service can be spotty.
4	We've been to Jasper's three of four times and have found that the food is consistently fresh and well prepared.  The restaurant is always clean, and the service is friendly in the way you want a neighborhood place to be.  Casual, but not so informal that you feel like you have a new BFF.The food is Cajun influenced, and mostly delisheous.  We've ordered the Crab and Avocado Salad (outstanding, even at $18.  Lots of lump crab meat and avocado.  Very fresh), Jumbalaya (I thought it was delish, but if you're looking for hard core authentic, this is not your place.  It's like jumbalaya for Americans).  The $5 cup was almost enough for a meal.  The Crab dip is not their best.  I've had better and you can get it anywhere, so why not focus on what Jasper's does well?  ANything with shrimp in it is a home run.  Their shrimp are plump, well seasoned and properly cooked.  Shrimp tacos...yum.  Meatloaf sandwich looked like a heart-stopper. Thick slices of meatloaf, fresh roll, and you can add a side soup or salad for $2.If you live in the area, I would make Jasper's a regular part of your dining rotation.  It's not a destination place, per se, but it's worth checking out.
3	I was here on a date to use up a Groupon that I recently bought.THE FOODAppetizer,  shrimp canape, was as delicious as it was unhealthy. Definitely recommend it.For main course, we had two different chicken dishes. The sauces were fine, but the chicken itself was exceptionally bland and it appeared that the chicken for both dishes was cooked in the same pot and then thrown into the respective dish's sauce at the end. Very disappointing.Strawberry rhubarb dessert was rather good and helped dealing with the emotional pain of the bland chicken. SETTINGThe restaurant itself is nicely decorated and has a pleasant, darker atmosphere in the evening.SERVICEFriendly. No complaints.OTHERHours of operation are a bit awkward.OVERALLThe place is nice, but for the money the food is just not good enough. If I didn't have a Groupon,  I would actually be upset.
3	I came to Jaspers Peak with a Groupon.  I received a $40 value for my Groupon, and I was wondering how I was going to spend that.  I went with 3 friends, and we easily used the value of the Groupon with 2 dishes.  We ordered Ahi Tuna, Jambalaya, and another chicken dish.  I enjoyed my Ahi Tuna as it had a light amount of pepper and creole seasonings.  I tried some of the other dishes, and I was a little disappointed.  I was expecting to experience a lot of flavors, but this is not authentic Cajun food.
4	Really good pizza, great service for sure!  You can sit outside and enjoy the view.  This is a place to go to with a friend, a date, your family, but I really wouldn't being kids here myself.
1	We've been going here since it opened several years ago and it keeps getting worse. Food is good, not great. Service has never been good here, but it seems to get worse each time we come back. The woman who manages or owns the place never even acknowledges us. She looks at us each time we come in like she has never seen us before. She seems to have no problem bs'ing with the other patrons, but ignores us. Not that we really want to chit chat with her, but a polite "hello, welcome back" would be nice. They have raised the wine prices to the point of most high end restaurants. They have also taken ingredients out of there food. For example the louisiana po'boy used to includechicken breast, shrimp, andouille sausage, with a choice of red beans and rice or gumbo. Now it only comes with the chicken, no shrimp or andouille sausage. The andouille is available at extra cost. You no longer have a choice of the red beans & rice or the gumbo, only fries. The only reason we are still going here is that we previously purchased some discount coupons. We have two coupons left to use, and that will be our final dining experience here.Also beware if you are going here for the first time as their online menu is old and not updated.
1	I've passed this place dozens of times. I saw a Groupon for it and I bought it. I ordered the Ahi dish. When it was brought out, I noticed mango all over it. I told the waitress I was highly allergic to mango. I didn't want to send back the whole dish, so I kept the Ahi and asked her to bring me new greens. She had the audacity to charge me for a Salad! We even bought a bottle of wine and had our two kids with us. We didn't just order $40 which was what the Groupon was for. The food sucked too. Don't waste your money.It seems others with a Groupon experiences the same type of awful service. Hmmm.... Maybe the manager/owner should have told their wait staff to be a little more pleasant to Grouponers. Calling all Grouponers who had a bad experience, please take the time and post your horrific experience!
5	I know I've yelped this dish before...but it's worthy of an update! Last week I had the black pepper & sesame seed crusted seared AHI Tuna, garnished with sliced avocado, mixed greens lightly dressed with pear vinaigrette & a fresh mango cucumber relish! It's off the hook...yummy!! They've also added a southern pecan chicken salad (cajun chicken, candied pecans, raisins, sunflower seeds, celery, onion, lettuce & tomato & dijon)...they offer this as either a sandwich or topped over salad greens...both are perfect summer dishes. I noticed they have new summer hours and open at 4...and offer 1/2 off bottle wines everyday...not just on Tuesday which is awesome! And for the beer drinker...$3 beers...really, $3. True story! While I was there, at the bar I sat next to a couple of Grouponers and they went on and on about how much they loved the food I think one gal had the spicy creole pasta and the other had the jambalaya...which I love. They took the trek from Camelback corridor is what they said and plan to spread the word about this North Scottsdale hot spot! Nice job Jasper's! Now if we can only get you to open more locations...life would be better in the valley ;-)
3	After much internal debate I have settled on rating Jaspers a solid 3 stars. I would probably really give it 3.5 stars, but since that is not an option, I'll go with 3. We went here last night and really the food was quite good. There wasn't anything really that blew me away though- I think if I go again, I may be able to upgrade my rating, but alas. For appetizer, we shared the beignets, which were awesome, but to me were more like corn fritters. Either way these were great, not sure if the sauce was the best choice to go with them, but all in all I would get them again in a heartbeat. For dinner I had the shrimp tacos. The sauce on them was good, but the dish itself was too dry- I ended up dunking my tacos in my Husbands shrimp and grits sauce, which was smokey goodness. The grits were very flavorful and the sauce was to die for. Everyone we were with seemed to enjoy their meal with no complaints. I did sample some french fries and I must say they were battered and extremely crunchy good. We purchased a localdines coupon, so the price wasn't too bad. The service was good, but the place was smaller than I expected, but had a good atmosphere. I would for sure go back and give this local establishment another round, and try some of the suggestions for others on yelp.
4	Had a nice Saturday night meal @ Jaspers. Chicken pasta and mango tea were both delicioso. Had the meatloaf last time I was here and it was world-class. Looove the atmosphere. No pretense, just a charming neighborhood place. If you're expecting a spicy dish like you might get at Pappadeaux, you may be disappointed. Taken on face value, the food is fresh and tasty and includes gluten-free options.
4	This place is a really nice, quaint place to grab a bite of Cajun cooking.  As you approach Jaspers they have a large outside area for the spring/winter/fall, which deceives you into thinking the indoor dining area will be large as well. The inside, however, is pretty small. Despite a small dining area Jaspers delivers big taste. The Jack Rice is a spicy soup like dish that packs a decent punch. Really made my nose run. The jumbalaya was my favorite. Great taste, had a hint of green pepper in every bite. Delicious! Can't wait until I can go back and try the meatloaf!
5	This lovely restaurant will make you smile. The service here is outstanding, the food is amazing and the beverage service perfect. People welcome you when you come in, the bar is very inviting and Eddie, the bartender is quite the character. He really makes precise and perfect cocktails and I like it here. I had the hummus and chicken - simple dish that was made extraordinary.  I will dine in this great establishment as often as I can.
5	I had a featured chef menu item the other night; salmon tacos.  Very flavorful!  They are also now serving a really great Pinot Noir (Daedalus)...which I was very excited about.  Now that I'm living back in the area I will also be able to take advantage of their "After 9" Lounge bites for $5 and sips for $6.  Which is exactly what Grayhawk needs....  Not many great little lounge spots are open late on Thurs...and Jasper's is now open late on Thurs, Fri's, and Saturdays until midnight.  The bartender "Eddie" is awesome.  He's definitely passionate about his cocktails.  The one I enjoy most right now is his version of the Pimms Cup.  He's got a funny dry sense of humor...  Pretentious does not define him.  He does a great job of giving the restaurant that lounge feel..more like a San Francisco lounge.
2	Seat yourself restaurant which was somewhat uncomfortable. Was eventually seated as place was full inside and too cool to be outside. Greeted and given the lowdown on specials on happy hour. Ordered a crab dip to start. Dip was tasty but could tell it was not made in the restaurant. The chips were also not made in house. I had jambalaya and wife pulled pork sandwich. The pulled pork was drown in a spicy bbq sauce and jambalaya was soupy and too much chicken which tasted stewed. This place gets business and perhaps we just ordered the wrong dishes. Too many choices to eat out and therefore will not give this place another try.
2	Loveeeee the gumbo! Nothing else there is good in my opinion.
3	Came here for happy hour which was nice but the restaurant and food seems too mediocre & too pricey for a regular meal. The restaurant is nice and has a good sized patio. Though it is surrounded by cars driving by, they've put up a lot of fabric partitions and play music so the fact that you're basically sitting in a parking lot is less obvious. I ordered the beignets, which were described as cheddar & corn beignets and in the appetizer section so I figured they would be savory. I was wrong, there was no cheddar or corn flavor, and they did not go so well with beer. Had this dish been in the dessert section I would be raving about the delicious fried dough with intense sweetness. My boyfriend got the crab dip and liked it. Overall I would recommend Jaspers Peak for happy hour if you live in the area ($5 appetizers, $4 beers, outdoor seating).
2	Went here with a friend recently after some golf... It was the second time I had been here.The first time was probably some time last summer, and all I remember is that I was unimpressed.Decided to give it another shot, and ordered the Peak Burger.  This burger sounded like quite a nice sandwich, with andouille sausage, remoulade, ciabatta bread, etc.  I made sure to order it medium rare, but it was clearly cooked to well done, without even a touch of pink.  This, of course, left the meat nice and dry.  The bread was also overly crisp, and it was light on the sausage and sauce.  The fries were excellent, but it was easily the most disappointing hamburger I have had in some time.A quarter of the way through the burgers (both of us ordered medium rare burgers, and both were well done), we notified the waiter.  He offered to have them remade, but we figured it wouldn't be worth the wait.Oddly, we were not comped for the overcooked burgers.  Not even free fries, drinks, or anything.  No apology when he brought our checks...I'll give them a star for good fries and IBC root beer (though they could pick a better root beer).  But I'll pass on the underwhelming entrees and cold treatment.
3	Decent twist on Cajun we got brought to us after my cuz dined there.Food: 3Cost to worth it rating: 3 (entrees $15-20)Return worthiness: could go either wayHighlights:- Shrimp and grits: smokey chunky tomato sauce and big shrimp- Meatloaf bolognese pasta: meatloaf was awesome in huge chunks with bacon around the outside. The pasta part was just ok- Beignets: really good crispy small balls but more sweet than savory cheesy- Peanut butter chocolate pie: my fave dessert combo which I liked a lotMidlights- Key lime pie: I'm a big fan of key lime but in this version the flavors weren't distinct enough so I'd call in just okLowlights- Menu on website doesn't match menu at the restaurant so hub was disappointed on no prime ribFood was fine and hear it's fun for drinks so might try going there sometime when I'm in the area.
3	UPSIDE: My boyfriend and I come here often because it is a stone's throw from where we live. He loves the voodoo chicken and I can't get enough of the meatloaf (laced with bacon - yum!) Our new favorite drink here is the Moscow Mule. So refreshing. In addition, they were on the Restaurant.com program so we would get $25 off a $50 purchase. NOTE: I visited Restaurant. com in February to purchase more certificates for Jasper's but they are no longer listed there. Bummer!DOWNSIDE: I have never been here for happy hour (HH) so we decided to give it a try the week of Feb 19 only to find that their appetizers are no longer discounted for HH. In addition, the HH menu was so misleading: the bartender told us verbally it was $3 off any glass of wine from 4-7 PM so we ordered three glasses of the house white wine. Turns out they exclude the house wine from HH pricing so each glass was actually $7. BOTTOM LINE: I will go back to Jasper's for dinner but not for happy hour.
5	One of our favorite local joints... Bartender/owner is SOOOO great and the one girl in the world my lady has a girl-crush on... That means great service... I think... Anyway, I'm originally from Utah so I am not sure what Cajun food is really supposed to be like... but I know what I like, and I like this food. Look, if you dare to serve deviled eggs as an appetizer, you KNOW your food is fresh and awesome.At age 43, we are usually the youngins in here, but when Ms. Crush serves a 3 oz scotch, you gotta respect.Get your butt over here; it's great.
5	The best house wine selection and hummus and chicken ever!
