5	We just had our home serviced by Insectek...can't tell you how impressed I was with them! For starters, I got a nice phone call from their office lady the day before detailing our appointment, which was very helpful. Our service tech, Lucio, took his time to listen and was very thorough, informative, and friendly. We have lived in Phoenix for over 5 years now and have had many a pest problem since then (scorpions, mice, cockroaches, ants). I can truthfully say this is the best service we've ever had. Thanks guys for taking the time to provide quality and professional service at an affordable price.
5	We stared using Insectek last year and we are still bug free.  Very good service at a great price.
5	We have had pest control for 4 years at our home in Cave Creek.  This is the first exterminator that has actually exterminated scorpions at our home with organic solutions.  They treated the perimeter of our entire yard and the only scorpions that I have seen since have been dead or running in the opposite direction.  Great job. Professional service.  Would highly recommend.
5	I'm really happy I chose this service for bug spraying at my house. We've been under invasion by pill bugs, and we had a couple giant roaches (or so I thought). Lucio arrived promptly at my house at the scheduled appointment time. He was super friendly and professional, and basically the total opposite of what I would get from a "bug guy." He was really great at explaining the spraying process, was ready to answer every one of the dozens of questions I asked him about the treatment process, and was just an overall nice, down to Earth dude. (He also assured me that what I had at my house were NOT roaches, and were instead just beetles. Pretty cool, but still pretty gross.)Lucio was very thorough and spent probably 45 minutes just spraying the inside/outside of the home. We saw a few bugs try to make a run for it in the spraying process, so I know that whatever they're using is pretty good stuff. After about 12 hours of spraying, I haven't seen a single (live) bug inside the house, which is pretty awesome.For now I'm giving Insectek a 5/5 because I'm really impressed with the way they handle business. I'm happy I went with a local Phoenix area business that understands great customer service and hiring really great folks. I'll update the rating as I get a better Idea of how things work out down the road.Thanks again!
5	This was the first company I used for pest control and will continue to use. I decided to go with Insectek pest based on the reviews here and their price. I used one of the promo coupons they had and it was still cheaper than going with orkin or terminix. The person who came and sprayed did a great job. Very professional and explained certain areas where bugs like to go and even suggested preventative measures to help keep bugs from coming inside the house. I thought that was really cool.   I called several times to get info and arrange to have someone come out and each time (at least 4) the lady on the phone was always helpful and explained the different packages and what services are recommended. I used to see ants, crickets and spiders previously but haven't seen any in a few weeks since they sprayed our house. I definitely will be using them again for sure! Thanks for a great job and wonderful customer service!
5	I love how conscious Insectek is over the ingredients they use in their products. Great people and great service!
5	Professional and FriendlyWe moved to a new place in downtown Phoenix where roaches are plenty! SO GROSS.We called Insectek and they were able to come out that day!  Lucio was professional and friendly.  He spent time looking into where they could be coming in and talking about how to fix those problem areas first.  He then spent over an hour spraying the house and cleaning the eves and windows for spider webs.  He saw we had young kids and was confirmed the products were safe and how long to keep the kids away from certain areas.They did a followup call to make sure we were happy with the service and if we needed anything else.They just called to confirm our next appt and again see if we needed anything.  A+ Company
5	Great service. Did what they said they would do and on time. Thanks!
5	We signed up as new customers having just moved to the area.  I chose Insectek simply because I knew I wanted regular service set up BEFORE we got a pest problem.  On Yelp they had the most amount of reviews, the highest number of stars, plus a Yelp deal that gave us some $ off our first visit.  Now that it's been a couple months, I can absolutely say that I'm so grateful to have stumbled across them.  We've had nothing but positive interactions with everyone..from the initial person who has answered the phone to answer my questions, to the woman who calls us to confirm our appointment times to the person who actually comes to the house to service.  They are all SO professional and friendly and have met all of our expectations.  We're very happy customers with this company.  :)
5	Showed up on time and the bugs disappeared.
5	So happy I chose Insectek. Lucio is very helpful and professional. He came out took his time and explained the process of ridding my place of bed bugs. I like that they do follow ups to insure their work. I would definitely recommend Insectek. Thanks
5	We purchased a new home this year which had been vacant for a few months.  Obviously, a few uninvited guests made it inside.  We saw spiders, silverfish, ticks, etc.We called Insectek and they took care of it.  Lucio is our guy.  He comes every other month and takes care of business. Also...  We have 2 dogs which we prefer to have gone while they spray our home with poison.  So their scheduler was able to schedule our appointments at the same time of our dogs' grooming appointments.  Which helps out a ton!
1	I'm not one to slam a service, especially if I haven't used it, unfortunately here's my experience. I called Insectek becuase of everyones' 5 star comments on Yelp. I was calling for a quote. I told the owner that I had brown dog ticks in the backyard and some in the house on the dog beds. He asked for my address (Arcadia) and the size of my home and lot. I told him 2400 sq. feet, and the lot I wasnt sure of but that it was around 3,500 sq. feet. He quoted me $700 for the size of my property for outside and inside treatment (visiting a total of 3 times in a 30 day period so every 7-10 days or so), then the bi-monthly service would be $68 every 2 months. It sounded expensive. He told me that it might even be more than that depending on how hard it would be to get to the ticks and the size of the property and conditions... I thought to myself hummm... that ounds odd. He said that they charge a normal price for how long they stay to do the work and treat tthat they would do my carpets as well. Not the entire carpets but the very edge up to the baseboards on all areas of each room as well as the corners and any crevices that may be on top of the baseboards they would spray in. It sounded very thourough. He offered to have Lucio come out to give me a firm quote 2 days before my appointment bc i ne. If you click on their website from the yelp add on the right hand side you will see that you get 50% off your initial treament... I asked the owner about that while I was on the phone and he said that has nothing to do with treating ticks and that its entirely different and a different process... so there went that discount. However, it doesn't say that on the website. Oh well, I set the actual extermination appointment for this Friday at 10:30 am, I arranged my father in law to watch the house while I take the kids out to the park and lunch waiting for the chemicals to dry. I told him that It was still good for me to know the firm quote though so we arranged for Lucio to be at my house at 12:30pm today (Wednesday). Mind you, I have called 3 other companies since my convo. with the owner of Insetek. They have all quoted anywhere from $200 to $300 for the extermination and $45 to $50/month after for upkeep. I was starting to get the vibe maybe I was over quoted but I didn't call to cancel my "firm quote" appointment with Lucio just yet. I wanted to see what Lucio had to say about why it was so much money upfront for coming 3 times the first month and higher on the monthly side, with no guaruntee if it didn't work... also maybe there was some magic potion they used on brown dog ticks that I had never heard of, so I wanted to give them a chance based on the reviews. He arrived, yes he's very nice, and friendly and calls you mam and shakes your hand is well dressed and wears booties... but the second I asked him about what chemicals he was going to be using it threw him for a loop. He was off his game. I told him that I just wanted to know the names of them and the gallons he was going to use on the size of my property and about how long it would take. He stumbled on his words, told me that the office could email me that kind of thing and that he would just walk the property and see. I also told him before he walked the property that I had gotten 3 quotes since my phone call with him and that they were sooo much less and I was just curious why. He asked me how much and I told him.. He hopped on the phone and called the owner while he was outside. He came back inside and said that he would charge $500 if I did the bi-monthly service for $68 a month and wanted to set an appointment. I told him that I already had an appointment for 10:30 am on Friday and that I would see him then after he could somehow get a list of chemicals that were to be used on my exact property and size.... He said, well I filled that spot since you needed a firm quote first so we need to reschedule and we need to do it tomorrow. He said he would provide a list of chemicals. I was not feeling too great about things becuase they just lowered the price randomly... at that point I had a feeling this wasnt the right place to do business. My gut was telling me that I should cancel by the end of business today and go with another company. What made things so obvious that this is a shady company is that Lucio stayed in his car in my front driveway for 10 min. talking on the phone, I was on my phone as well calling the other companies to see if they could give me an idea of what the exact names of the chemicals they use are called to see what they are called. Just then Lucio walked up to my door and rang the doorbell. I opened it up and he said, "The names of the chemicals are Temprid, Suspend, Bifred granuals.... but we don't usually do this. Will you be keeping the appointment or no?" Cancelled. Nice guy, bad business play. Expect the unexpected. Never expect a sale.
5	We are very satisfied with our servace. They came promptly and on time. The technician was thorough and gave lots of tips to prevent any further trouble. It seems our problem has subsided. Thank you!
5	I moved from a relatively low-bug state to a house close to the Mountain Preserve.  Scared of scorpions, I called Insectek to come before we even moved in. I am so glad I did!  Lucio was great.  He sprayed very thoroughly inside and out.  Their bimonthly plan works exactly as advertised, and when I needed an extra visit (because I foolishly asked Lucio not to spray inside the time before) they had him out there that afternoon!  Now Gary is working in my area, and so far he has been great as well.
5	I called this place because I had a bee infestation at my house. A guy came over immediately, took care of the bees, and they haven't come back. Fast, friendly service.
5	I was 100% satisfied with my service from the team at Insectek.Both Lucio and Zack are very knowledgable and detailed.They answered all of my questions I had about bugs and they were on time to the job and very thorough!
5	We called Insectek because we were unhappy with our original assessment from another company. Garrett came out that day and did a THOROUGH inspection of our house. He turned our house upside down (in a good way), even looking in our attic, to make sure we were bug free. After receiving a "clean bill of health" he did not try to sell us on any products or services, and instead offered advice and recommendations. Great service!!!
5	Very professional company with quality customer service.  Zach was very thorough and informed me of certain problem areas and provided good tips.  No pushy sales tactics, just good service.  Definitely plan to use them next time!
5	I've had two treatments so far. The service is great. Always on time, they call a few days before to remind about the treatment.Professional, friendly, detailed.Haven't seen any roaches since they started spraying.The last service I used (not going to mention the companies name) was so annoying. The tech would stand around and talk for an hour. I always dreaded the service.
5	I called on Insectek based on other Yelp reviews and I am very happy so far.  Zack came out to my home and was patient enough to listen to my concerns and understand what was unique about my place, i.e. pets, children, type of bugs that I was seeing, etc.  He explained in great detail about the process and what products he was using.  The worst part was trying to clean up all the dead bugs later that same evening!  I saw immediate results as well as the understanding that it takes time for complete plan.  I like the fact that they explain in detail their services as well as their products.  I also like that they setup exact time appointments (not a 2 or 4 hour block).  Great service.
5	I chose Insectek after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, and seeing the Yelp offer they were advertising. My wife had been seeing an increase in bugs in the house so I gave them a call. I was calling them at 4pm on Thursday, and they had an opening at 3pm on Friday!.Zach called at 2pm to say he would be here at 3, and was here exactly then. He was very friendly and inspected my house thoroughly. He showed me that what we had was actually "sewer" roaches, instead of the more common German roaches, and then explained that his treatment would kill them just the same, the prevention strategies were a little different. He seemed very knowledgeable,  spent a ton of time with us and made me glad I chose this company!
5	We found a roach in our bathroom and decided to call an exterminator. We read great reviews about Insectek. We called them around 3pm and had someone out before 5pm that same day! The exterminator Zack was punctual, friendly and very knowledgeable. We are new to Arizona and he shared some great information with us about bugs, scorpions etc...We will definitely be calling him back in the future and recommend him to anyone with pest problems. Great service all around!
4	A little expensive, but the technicians are super friendly and courteous. Also very timely. Would recommend.
5	I was very impressed with the promptness and knowledge that My technician, Zack showed on my first service call.  He explained everything and took great care to advise me about the area (I am new to AZ) and showed great care for my pets and home.
5	I had a fly infestation in our house. After days of trying on my own, I called to get advice. I had overnight guests coming that day and they were willing to come that afternoon (within 2 hours of my call) to treat the house and find the source. The tech guy was thorough but didn't find the source. I was a bit discouraged and skeptical when he left. But within 12 hours, they were basically gone. Problem solved! I appreciate their quick response time, professional service via phone and in person. They only sprayed outside my house as I have young children and didn't want the chemicals where they play. But it seemed to do the job with just outside spray. Also I used the yelp deal to save a bit. I will call them again!
5	I called quite a few different places for quotes before deciding on Insectek.  They were the most thorough in explaining their process & the man I spoke with was really friendly & they were able to get me in the next day. I had an appointment for 7:30am & the tech showed up right on time.  He was very friendly & went over things they found (ant hills etc) along with explaining the process of how their solution works. Each time the workers have been so respectful of my home & very knowledgeable in what they are doing. I feel at ease knowing they will come back in between sprayings if I find any more bugs for free!
5	I am a new customer since May 2014.  I came to Yelp in search of a great pest control company that was not going to scam me and I am so relieved and excited to say that all these Yelp reviews are dead on. INSECTEK IS WONDERFUL. We have had chronic scorpion issue at our home for years and finally, finally we found a company that not just cares but seriously understands pests and their ways.highly, highly recommend these folks.
4	If you use this company I would suggest Zak as your technician, he is great and does a thourough job and extremely knowledgable.  The company is spot on with punctuality, following up on appointment reminders, customer service and  accomodating.  We have had 1 issue since we started with Insectek and they remedied that immediately at no charge, we have no bug issues since they have been our provider.
5	I am a new customer and really never had to call a pest control service before.  Looked on Yelp and saw their great reviews so decided to give them a shot.  The person I spoke on the phone was very polite.  She scheduled me promptly and briefly talked about the service and what to expect without being going overboard. I had an appointment at 2:00.  The tech called me at 1:30 telling me he may be a few minutes behind and if that was okay.  I appreciated the heads up and was pleasantly surprised when he arrived at 2:07.  He was polite and professional looking.  Talked about the things he would be doing that day and quickly went to work.  I found him very thorough and proficient.  Excited to have my house serviced by them in the months to come.  Highly recommend.
5	This was our first time using Insectek and they were so helpful! I was getting tons of bug bites but we didn't see anything flying or crawling around the house. Insectek offered same day service - I called around 3:30pm and Garrett arrived promptly at 5pm. Garett did a thorough check of our home searching our couch, bed, floors, etc. He explained everything he was looking for and why.  He spent an hour at our house doing an inspection and spraying the inside and outside of our home. We ended up signing up for quarterly service.  They were so easy to work with and reasonably priced. I highly recommend them!
5	I hate bugs. Ants, roaches, daddy long legs, etc. If it ain't human or my awesome puppy, I don't want it anywhere near or in my home. Having just relocated from San Diego out here, I was already mentally preparing myself for the different kind of critters I'd encounter out here. My kid has a ride on quad that we brought with us from Cali and I discovered a black widow spider on it. Insert extreme panic mode from this mama! While my initial thought process was to KILL IT WITH FIRE, I eventually simmered down and started making some phone calls. I already had the intention of setting up a pest control company when I got out here, but this mother scratching spider put that in overdrive!I had a recommendation for one company (that shall remain nameless...but you'll find a one star review from me about them if you'd like to stalk my profile) who did a HORRIBLE job, so I called Insectek. And out came Zack to the rescue. He was courteous, knowledgeable and took the time to explain the entire process and what I could expect. He also ended up finding a total of THREE black widows on my kid's toy. As a parent of a mini and a puppy, their safety is of my utmost concern. I have full confidence in Zack and Insectek that my home and precious minis will be safe. I highly recommend them to anyone looking to keep these AZ critters at bay!
5	On July 21 a technician came out to exterminate my ear-wig problem. The technician was very knowledgeable and helpful but till this day ear-wigs are still appearing. I am very disappointed with the service. I signed up for a 12 month contract and I hope they can fix my problem in the near future.  I will edit if Insectek can fix my problem.EDIT:Insectek quickly responded to my request. The technician that came out today resprayed the interior of my home and re-coated the exterior with a more heavy duty chemical. I am very happy with the service that Insectek provided.
5	We had an ant problem as well as scorpions. The technician, Zack, took care of both. He is very knowledgeable, friendly and reliable.
5	Called. Didn't use these guys. Had a problem with mice and the guy who I spoke with (didn't catch his name) was kind enough to (in addition to offering to come see the problem, if I wanted) he told me how to fix the problem on my own with a few mouse traps. Told me it might be a better use of my money since I didn't need any bug spraying or other pest control. Gotta say - its refreshing to find a business so willing to be "of service" without trying to fee you to death. You should Definitely call these guys with your problem. They will help. I certainly will, in the future.
5	I called with a black widow, cricket, and cockroach problem. I was able to immediately make an appointment. There is no time window, like when the cable guy comes, so if you make an appointment for 4:00, they will be at your house at 3:50, which is very nice! Zach came to the rescue today to take care of my insect problem. He was knowledgable, prompt, and friendly. I'm relieved, as I have two dogs and black widows can be fatal. I'm so happy that my pest problem was taken care of! Thanks insectek!
5	Thank you Gerrit!! He arrived on time, smiling, friendly, explained the work he would be doing. 6 STARS!!
5	Blown away by the exemplary service at this company! Tried them bc of all the 5 star reviews, and came back to add my own.  Not just good service, but above and beyond- everything on time, answered promptly, every single person friendly and helpful...Not to mention the service works like a charm.  Bugs gone two days after service, far and away the most effective bug company I've ever used!  Can. Not. Say enough good things.  Model company, raising the bar for customer service!
5	Thank you again Yelp for helping me find a professional company like INSECTEK pest solutions.  I am a new customer since August 2014. I recently moved into a brand new apartment complex in Gilbert unaware of the cricket problem.  Once the CSI agent came onto the property right off he noticed Indian crickets, field crickets, black widows spiders, and brown widow spiders.  Who would have thought a brand new complex would have an infestation problem already. Throughout the whole process he explained what he was doing every step of the way.
5	I'm completely satisfied with the service provided by Insectek. We called them about a large infestation of ants. Their response was prompt and professional. The technician who came out gave me a list of the chemicals he was using and their purpose. He said the colony was so large that he might have to come back out in a month to finish the job if we saw more, but it's been five weeks and the problem seems resolved. Should it recur, I'll definitely call them back.
5	Excellent customer service all around.  Zack was very knowledgeable, on time, gave us a good bit of information, sprayed thoroughly, and cleaned all our cobwebs.  Well deserving of their 5 star rating.
5	Outstanding customer service and professionalism. My husband and I just purchased a new home and we chose  Insectek because of the great reviews on Yelp. We must admit that we have never come across a pest control company that was as professional and helpful as this one. Everyone we spoke to was pleasant, willing, and eager to assist us. Our technician Zack was thorough, knowledgeable, and friendly. It is refreshing to come across a company that truly wants to offer the best customer service available.
5	Pull up a chair... and stay awhile. Where to start....  prior to moving into our rental I requested that the rental company hire a pest control service to spray the property. During our initial visit to view the property we had noticed several dead roaches... and some spiders/crickets. They assured us they would have the property sprayed. Nice! We requested this about 3 weeks prior to moving in...  A few days before the big move we noticed a few live roaches... not cool. We then hired House Doctor Exterminating to come in and spray the interior/exterior on our own dime. The guys shows up the day we are moving in to spray the house. I was unloading boxes... didn't pay any attention to the guy as I figured his is a pro... will do the right thing and take care of the issues. Well... I was wrong.  He was in and out of the place in about 5 minutes and I can't recall if he sprayed the exterior. There were not wet spots in the house or smell from spraying the interior.  I just figured it was an empty house... easy job and he was done. Fast forward two weeks...  no dead roaches even from the day he sprayed... but... there were LIVE ones.  Unreal!!!   I have a feeling the guy went in... walked around for a few minutes... as it was later in the day on a Friday... collected his $65 and called it a day. I would not recommend this service ...ever! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now... let us talk a little about Insectek Pest Solutions...Zack showed up and did an initial walk through of the house... inspecting every possible place these pests might reside. He then did the same for the exterior.  He found 3 black widow spiders and then lead me to water cutoff valve. No less than 60-80 roaches in the box with at least 100 crickets. HOLY MOTHER OF PEARL! Zack put poison down the drains ... sprayed the interior of the house and really nuked the exterior. He even went as far as removing the spider webs from the exterior of the house.  Almost immediately the house inside and out looked like mass murder had taken place on the insect population which up until this point were happily living in and around the house. This is a PROFESSIONAL service with PROFESSIONALS like Zack doing a great job.  We are very happy with the end results and we haven't seen a bug/roach/spider/cricket since he sprayed last week.  We will continue to do business with IPS.I highly recommend if you are in a need of a PROFESSIONAL pest control service... give this company a try. You will not be disappointed!!!
5	Everyone was right. Zach was awesome. Did a great job, was professional, efficient, educated, and personable.  Not only were they quick to come out to my home but they were really affordable!
5	When we first moved in we had a bad problem with crickets as well as Bark Scorpions.The folks at insectek came out and tried a few different 'potions' in order to help the problem and they have been nothing but amazing! Immediately our Cricket problem was gone which then took care of the Scorpions and every time we had a break out of pests they were out doing a complimentary spray between our appointments - how many companies actually do that!? The guys who have been here are thorough, quick and really understand their job and what is needed to be done. They do everything inside and outside and even treat problem areas - they know each house they go to and remember exactly what they did previously. We even had them put BEE powder in our "Tiki Man" to get rid of some pretty big bees. Our satisfaction with them is 100% - nothing but the best service!!One other note - we have two dogs and the spray they use is not harmful to them at all and it smells like Peppermint - NO JOKE!!! Use these guys - you will not regret it!!!Thanks Insectek!!!
5	In the past I have always bought my own pesticide directly form the wholesaler and sprayed my own home for years.  It was a less expensive, but the down fall is keeping a routine of doing it, mixing the pesticides, putting the gloves on and all that goes with the DYI way.  It worked until life caught up with another baby, work and family.In the last week we have found 5 bark scorpions in the house and we are concerned since the baby is crawling now.  I have tried other companies and they were blah.  So to Yelp I go once again to find someone worth their salt.Called and talked to Zack on the phone and was pleasantly surprised it was more of a conversation between friends than that of a sales guy trying to pitch their business. I was happy with the answers that I got from the various questions I would ask about service schedule, specific pesticide names, process of the service visit, protection for kids and pets. Had to push service back a week due to traveling, so 8 AM Saturday morning it was.Garrett showed up right at 8 AM and listened attentively to all of our concerns and problems we have been having.  He explained everything he was going to do and went off to start. He did spend a bit of time outside and then came in and treated the house.As I was making payment I asked him if he could recap what he did, this would be like the third time I asked this visit, and he went over everything again right away and wasn't at all bothered with all my questions.So far it was a great experience and Garrett warned that because of the initial treatment we will be seeing increased actively since the critters are being flushed out of their hiding places and to keep an eye out even more for a few days and if they have to come back out they will.We will see how things go in the future as they come back to keep servicing the house.
5	Thorough and professional...would definitely recommend this company!  Setting an appointment was easy.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  They took the time to track the entry point for the ants and I have not seen any since.
5	I had a serious Oriental roach and cricket problem in my home.  Garrett came out the same day I called for service and did a fantastic job explaining the issue, what he saw when he inspected the house and yard, and what to expect over the next few weeks after the treatment.  I am very happy with the results -- only a few bugs inside on the first few days after the treatment, which Garrett had explained, and now my home is virtually bug-free.  Their service is great, and their pricing is reasonable.  I would absolutely call Insectek in the future.
5	Fast, friendly service -- excellent prices -- and they completely customized my pest-control package to fit my needs.  Made dealing with an icky insect problem as painless as it gets!
3	People were friendly and nice on the phone and the guys who sprayed the house but 2-3 weeks after I'm finding spiders and scorpions. It was sprayed once then I found some cockroaches around and had them come out. Not sure what else they can do but these insects just don't want to go away...
5	Very good service, time will tell if the spray holds but so far it is looking good. The technician (Zack) was very helpful and arrived exactly on time.
5	Bought a new home and needed pest control asap ...called around and even scheduled an appointment with another company. Professionalism, friendly, and knowledge here was the best plus competitive pricing to boot!
5	Their service is nice and friendly. First time they came to treat my house, the guy broke the glass-top of my lawn table. The next day I got a call from their office, offering me $50 as the compensation. I was really happy with it. I still have them for my pest control.
