5	There's a reason why the Neapolitans are the godfathers of pizza; come to Pomo and discover why.
5	This place was excellent!  I went with a friend and we had the capresse salad, the bruschetta, and two pizzas. All were fantastic, the service was good and friendly. I would definitely recommend to friends and go back.
5	What a fantastic dining experience from the very first impression to the last. The entire experience was just terrific. I had called earlier in the day to get directions and parking information. The woman on the phone was just so wonderful and friendly. I was happy that my first impression was starting out just great. From the moment we walked in we were made to feel like family.  As an Italian restaurant should and is usually so good at. (Hint, hint to other vendors in town) The pizza here is totally, radically delish and I am very picky about Pizza. Pomo's is one of only two places in town to be certified in the making of authentic Italian style Napoletana pizza. Even with the burnt crust, which I am never a fan of, the pizza was still wonderful.    We also ordered the Flatbread App ( Loaded with garlic and the size of a pizza, so heads up) and the Caprese Salad ( Delish). For dessert we ordered The Tiramisu, and the Creme Puffs with Mousse. The Creme Puffs were light and airy and yummy.  The Tiramisu was one of the best two I have ever had. I have eaten a lot in my life since it is my favorite dessert.    Now the impressive part to make me homesick.  As we were sitting and digesting our carb load and contemplating a roll out to my car one of the owners came to our table to say hi. Besides being an extremely handsome Italian, friendly, and chatty he had a bottle of Limoncello in his hands. My version of the perfect man. Hello, but I digress. He served us complimentary shots of their version of Limoncello.  It has an Icee creamy texture to it. It took me a minute and a few tries but in the end I decided I liked it very much despite the unusual texture for this drink. It was very inventive and I love food inventions/experimentation. I believe he said he adds heavy cream and some other ingredient to it to make it thicker. He also gave us a sample of deep friend dough strips with powered sugar. it was kind of like a Zeppole but flatter and harder. The owner walked the floor chatting with his guests making them feel at home. Now that is the type of Italian restaurant I remember from the old neighborhood.
5	Every part of the dinner was exquisite.  Not only is this authentic, it is delicious. We started our evening with cocktails and an amazing bruschetta. Our server, Kathryn was poised and knowledgeable.  All of the ingredients are flown in from Italy.  We followed up with two pizzas. Each was remarkable.  Finally we shared one of the best panna cotta we've ever had. But wait!  Just as we thought we were done, out comes the owner with  a creamy limoncello.  We will definitely be back. This place knows how to do things. GREAT JOB!
5	Four person rundown:Grilled Veggies - lightly grilled veggies served with a side of seasoned olive oil. Very light and very well doneCaprese - fresh and light. Worth a tryMango Salad - Citrus meets tart. Topped with creamy balsamic vinegar. Shrimp Salad - A good bit of shrimp and a very nice dressingToto Sapore (meat pizza) - delectably crisp with just the right amount of toppingsWonderful service and just an all around good experience. Will repeat.
5	We had a wonderful Father's Day dinner here.  The pizza was amazing, the crust was perfection. We really enjoyed the staff as well.  Everyone was friendly in a natural and genuine way.
5	My wife now prefers this to Pizzeria Bianco.  We sat at the pizza bar and watched Matteo, an artist with the dough, prepare the pizzas.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff, some of the best pizza I have ever had.  Highly recommended and a great addition to downtown.
5	While I think it really bites that their original spot had to relocate because a famous place is being torn down for yet another set of luxury apartments, I am SUPER glad that downtown Phoenix gained another fantastic locally owned spot to nosh at!  This is only one of 2 places that is certified (not sure what the term is) as a genuine and authentic Napoletena-style pizza restaurant.  Apparently, it even comes down to the type of marble they use to make their dough on.  Seriously cool!  The owners are from Naples and have definitely brought a taste of Italy to Phoenix.  While we were there, one of the co-owners was in working and walking around. In fact, he brought some of his homemade blend of a creamy Limoncello to us to try and some friend dough.  Talk about a great dining experience!  My friend had the caprese to start with and she loooooved it!  We ordered the margherita pizza which is one of about 3 or 4 genuine Neopolitan pizzas they serve.  Sweet jesus!  The sauce was perfect, the crust was the right consistency (could have done without the overcooked spots in the crust though), and the mozarella was mmmm mmmm good! I ordered what I thought was an appetizer flat bread, but it turned out to be the same size as the pizza (it was super rich...a little too much garlic, but delicious nonetheless).  There was plenty to go around and enough for leftovers to take home too.For dessert we had their Tiramisu, which my friend boasted as being the best she has had in the valley (and she has tried it every where).  I had their cream puffs that are covered in chocolate mousse.  Wipe the drool off your chin.  Both were fantastic, but I wish I'd have gone with my first instinct and had their Nutella cake after spotting their GIGANTIC jar of Nutella in the kitchen.  I'll definitely be back and bringing other friends with me to try it out AND so I can have that cake!!
5	Best dough, cheese, meats outside of Naples, Italy.  This is by FAR the most authentic Neapolitan pizza in the Valley.  When I take my last breath I want it to be chewing on their pizza dough.
3	I was disappointed and underwhelmed from the pizza. Was it bad? No. Was it great? Definitely no.
5	Hands down the best Pizzaria in Phoenix. Better pizza than cibo, more homey than pizza biancos, and better service than spinatos. I enjoyed my first trip profusely and I will return.
4	My experience was almost perfect.  Almost.  Bianco and Cibo rule the roost in Downtown Phoenix pizza joints, but Pomo has what it takes to compete.  The vibe here is pretty straight forward.  Authentic urban neapolitan pizza joint (they even have the certifications to match).  Many of their ingredients are imported from Italy and Sicily and you can taste the difference.  The caprese was outstanding.  They also gave us an array of olive oils and other ingredients to top our salads and pizzas.  For the pizza I did the bufala versace.  It was delicious, but one complaint.  The sauce and mozzerella slid off the crust almost everytime.  Pretty sure that's not supposed to happen.  As stated earlier, it didn't harm the taste, just made eating it a lot messier.  The chef surprised us at the end by giving us a fried breaded powdered sugar dish of some kind and a shot of this lemon vodka tasting stuff.  I couldn't get a read on how he described it, but whatever it was it was a nice tasty surprise and a great way to finish things off.  Service was friendly and fast.  The place is still new to the area so I know they're still working out the kinks.  But I'll definitely be back.  Cibo and Bianco, you've got company.
5	I love this place!  And to have it downtown now is perfect... I don't have to go all the way to Scottsdale.My boyfriend and I went after the gym Sunday afternoon.  We were headed to Matt's breakfast, but it was packed.  I got the bufalo pizza, he got the trio (or one with lots of meat), both perfect as usual!  Love the food here.  So far my favorite pizza in town.  There are so many downtown all a little different and thankfully with Pomo here I don't have to wait in line at Bianco anymore.
5	Absolutely love this place. Went to this amazing place for the first time three years ago. Even since I got back from living in Italy for 3.5 years I've been searching for authentic Italian pizza that I grew to love during my long stay there. Then sommelier at school told me about Pomo. I decided to give it a try. The first time I looked at the menu I knew this place was legit. I saw my favorite pizza from Italy the capricciosa. Of course I ordered it and wow I finally found what I had been searching for all that time.  All though it can seem pricey to some people but people have to realize the ingredients that have to be imported from Italy to make these bad boys. Hell real San Marazano tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella are not cheap imports. This is one of my favorite places to take family and friends when they come in town. The staff and the owners are so friendly and make you feel like family. If you haven't tried this place you owe it to yourself to go.
5	Don't write many reviews but had to for this place. Amazing first impression !!!. It is authentic, friendly, tasty, and satisfying.  So glad it's in downtown.  I hope to become a regular at this restaurant.
5	Just went there to celebrate a birthday and this place is outstanding.  I told the server and after a delicious pizza was pleasantly surprised with a canoli. The owner himself came over and it was all very nice.  The pizza I ordered was so good that I'm thinking about it now and can't wait to go back to try other things on the menu. Also would recommend trying the Blood orange drink.  Really enjoyed it!  Great place for a date and also a celebration, i.e. birthday or anniversary.  Highly recommend this restaurant and hope to return soon.
5	Spot on. Really, really well executed. You can clearly taste that the chef puts quality first. This is one of the finest restaurants in the city. Simple, well seasoned, classic pizza. Makes life worth living.
4	The only open, certified Neapolitan pizza places in Phoenix. Delicious, friendly, fast! We had the signature "Pomo"...beautiful! And whatever you do...don't skip dessert! They have their own on-site pastry chef who uses ingredients straight from Italy. We devoured the best piece of tiramisu I've ever had. Love that this is within walking distance of our house!
4	Great pizza, great service, nice location close to work!
5	This place is absolutely amazing.  Went with friends in from Chicago last weekend for the first time, we all loved it.  Went again last night with friends and they loved it too.  Right now it is my new favorite pizza in the valley.  Had the traditional margarita pizza both times .....so good.  The crust is so tasty...so happy to find a place like this here..
4	Came here on a random Friday night after bookmarking it awhile ago after seeing the glowing reviews. When we pulled up via pedicab, we realized this was the place they had been working on the last time we ventured into SquashBlossom. The patio area looked nice but it was way too hot that night to sit outside so we opted for the dinning room.When we walked in, the place was nearly full but we were greeted and sat near the back wall at a small table. Our waitress was friendly and we both ordered cocktails that were really good. We opted to get the Focaccia bread as an appetizer and then share the Mango Salad and Peppino pizza. I requested that the Mango salad be made with other greens besides arugula. As I mentioned in the Zpizza review, since when has this crappy, peppery green become so fashionable?!?! If I want my salad to taste like an herb, I'll add it, thank you very much. When I asked for a substitution with one of the other greens listed on the menu, our waitress said they couldn't really do it, that the salads were pre-made. I probably should have opted for a different salad but she said it was a blend so I thought I could probably overlook it if there wasn't a lot of it.We received a basket of bread that was just okay in flavor. It was nice and soft though and at first I thought it was the Focaccia appetizer but then it arrived, nearly taking up our whole table! It wasn't quite what I had expected though. It was definitely flatbread that had been baked but the waitress advertised it as being able to be dipped in their homemade vinegar and oil. That's what sold me on it so I had expected some bread that actually soaked up the oil. If you've ever had a salad at Gelato spot, it was a lot like their bread under their salads. Picture a really big, baked tortilla. There's not a lot there to soak up anything. Our salad came out next. Sadly, 10% was baby lettuce and the rest arugula. Everything else on this salad was really good but the arugula overpowered every other flavor. I wouldn't get it again and it would be nice if restaurants stopped serving this crap but I digress...By the time we were done with our salads, our table was overflowing with dishes, drinks, bread, appetizers, water glasses, oils. It was almost claustrophobic. We ended up setting several things on the floor so we didn't dump anything. The place is tiny so they can't have massive tables but it would be helpful if the staff paid a bit more attention to how much they put on our table and keeping it clear. Now for the reason for the 4 stars. The PIZZA. It was sooooo good. Everything was super fresh. The cheese, the ricotta, the sauce, the sausage! This was probably the best tasting sausage I've ever had on a pizza. We devoured the entire thing like it was going to be snatched from us at any moment. It blows Pizzeria Bianco out of the water and eases out over Cibo with the crust and sauce and toppings just slightly.Once we sufficiently stuffed ourselves with pizza, the head chef came by our table and gave us each a shot of Limoncello that was super strong and really good and some odd fried dough of some sort with powdered sugar. All compliments of the house. The dough was tasteless though so maybe they were just trying to give it away? I do appreciate the effort though. The chef was nice enough to bring it over but definitely wasn't overly friendly, smile or even thanked us for our business. Even after all the other faults of this place, I'm still thinking about that pizza and its been a few weeks since we visited. I'll have no problem going back. Hopefully very soon!
5	I used the Yelp app yesterday to discover Pomo while in Phoenix for work. It was an excellent experience from start to finish! Outstanding service, outstanding food (better than pizza I've had in Italy), a passionate chef... what more could you want?Erica was a great server - friendly, attentive, and helpful throughout the entire meal. The best part - after finishing my 12" Pomo pizza (delicious, and more than enough for one person) and Peroni, Chef Matteo brought a plate of Italian fried dough and a shot of his homemade limoncello - on the house.I was in and out in less than an hour (because I had to get back to a seminar), but would have gladly ordered another drink and enjoyed the friendly atmosphere if I had more time.I will absolutely stop in again the next time I'm in Phoenix!
5	This is the first time I am writing a review but when you try something new and it is simply amazing, how can you not want to tell the world?My boyfriend is currently working in downtown Phoenix and I am getting a mini-vacation so my only job is finding places close by for dinner.  I often turn to yelpers for suggestions and thank you!After reviewing the menu, our super sweet waitress, Ciara, was our go to decider.  Gotta love when the wait staff is honest and can help you with more than just making sure your drinks don't run out.We started with Romana salad.  It was very close to a Caesar salad which when done right is one of boyfriend's favs.  The lettuce was crisp and no browning so very fresh.  The dressing coated every piece and yet  it was not heavy at all.  My bf is a major carnivore.  So when it comes to pizza, the greater the portion of meat equals greater happiness in his world.  That being said, we ordered the Toto Sapore pizza.  I typically have some kind of veggie on my pizza but I couldn't fault this choice one bit.  That pizza could probably make a vegetarian cry in their pillow at night!  Even though the crust may be said to be charred by some, the fact that I was eating a crust as thin as that and yet able to retain that softness you get from a "regular" one was like a miracle. The sauce was beautiful and not over seasoned.  It tasted like tomato!  We were tempted to order another but since we had salad and wanted dessert, we nixed that idea.That had to one of the best decisions that we made.  I can't spell it for the life of me but that dessert melted my heart and worth every calorie it had.  It was these beautiful cream puffs covered in a rich chocolate mousse surrounded by clouds of another sweetened cream. Overall, living in south Chandler, I would easily make the trek to return to this place.  Though next time, I am gonna skip lunch so I can have the room for more pizza!!
5	I am Italian/American and expect authentic Italian when I try a new restaurant. And this was a pleasant surprise! Nice setting and very good, friendly staff. Owner is a real gentleman! You too will be impressed! Worth a visit...
5	My search is OVER.......this is by far the BEST, BEST, BEST pizza you can get west of the Mississippi.  Possibly better than my beloved east coast pizza.  The crust is made with love - well taken care of to ensure a consistent thickness all the way around.  No giant burnt bubbles and thick on one slice and paper thin on the other......not good eats.  The texture - OMG - ridiculously light and soft on the inside and ever so slightly crunchy on the outside. Crazy Good!  The sauce is what pizza sauce is supposed to be - light but tastes like actual tomatoes - not ketchup.  Oh the cheese.......we had the classic Regina Margherita and the Peppino which has ricotta (rigawt as we say on the east coast) and salami (pepperoni).  The cheese sat on the pizza like a favorite flashy accessory and the taste was fresh and phenomenal.  The chef brought out their hot pepper oil and grated parmesan and oregano which yes I used that oil for crust dipping! Aside from the food - service was fantastic.  The server and the hostess were very pleasant and attentive but not buggy.  After inhaling our pizzas, the chef came out and gave us a plate of fried thin pizza dough covered with powdered and two chilled shot glasses of some very proudly house made limoncello creme.  I would buy a gallon of this drink if it was available.  After all that pleasant food worshiping, I HAD to have their cannolis.  I am very critical of cannolis and their filling.  The filling was firm but soft and full of flavor.  Presentation was lovely as well.  I can only say if you have a hankering for REAL pizza, come to Pomo and support a local business that brings pizza happiness to Phoenix and to all who visit.  You will NOT be disappointed.
5	My sister and I went here for lunch today. I wanted to see if the pizza really tasted like I remember from Naples, and they have $2 bottled beer on Sundays! We both had the Italian lager, split a mista salad and ordered the traditional Bufala pizza. The salad came out first, and was huge! The greens were fresh, the grape tomatoes flavorful and the shaved parmesan was very good. The chef brings out a small bottle of aged balsamic for the dressing. Next came the pizza, which was piping hot, and topped with melting bufala mozzarella. It was delicious, just as I remembered. I will definitely be back!
5	DELICIOUS! unlike any pizza you have ever had before!  Great service and great food, what more can you ask for?! :)
5	I didn't want to be the first person to give this place four stars instead of five... and I can be pretty harsh when it comes to rating pizza.  Sooo... thank goodness I loved the pizza!  I had the Toto (it had sausage, salami, prosciutto, and something else on it)... and it was absolutely deee-lish!  They present it nicely on a large plate and then bring out everything an Italian or non-Italian could want to add to their pizza -- red pepper, oregano, parm, and I think a spicy olive oil.  The pizza was extremely tasty without any of that, but because I always know better than everyone else (even the chef), I went and made it even better :)My dinner companion (my mommy) had the Pomo.  It was the typical supreme- type ingredients (S, M, O, G)... and while I didnt taste her pizza, I did hear one of the most negative people I know only say good things about it... so it musta beena gooda!  And sorry about that last comment, mom!As for the canoli, well, not as great as the pizza by any means... but who am I to knock off a star because the dessert couldn't measure up to the wonderfulness of the main entree.  I wouldn't get the canoli (actually three little canolis) again, but they had a bunch of other desserts worth trying.
5	Neapolitan pizza is my favorite pizza by far.  I used to drive from Midtown to the old location in the Borgata during my lunch hour. Now I can just ride the light rail.  The staff has always been friendly and the food is amazing.
5	Great food, great service. Definitely going back
5	Second time was the charm.  This place was packed after a D'Backs game, but I brought my friends here anyway.  Whatever might have been missing the first time around has been rectified.  The pizzas were perfect.  The staff was extremely friendly.  And the mood very much reflected the growing reputation of this place.  Cibo and Bianco have been put on notice.  Pomo has the goods to take on their neighborhood competitors.  Bravo Pomo staff.  You've got a great future downtown.
5	I don't know what authentic Italian is, but i think this might be it.  The staff was super friendly, the menu clear but not boring.  The soup was very flavorful, almost too much so, i need the bread to balance it out.Save room for dessert.  Soooo very good.  We had the tiramisu and creme brulee! Both just amazing.  The chef brought over limoncello creme.  The best thing i have ever put in my mouth.  Been thinking about it for days.
5	Last time I checked a flight to Italy was over $1200, and that is a bit pricy to just get some pizza. So why not spend $1188 less, go to Pomo and try a Certified Neapolitan margarita pizza? Walk in and the place is hip cen pho, concrete floors, a hidden side bar and even a patio. the menu has menu options from salads, pasta to pizza. Some of the pizza is of their own creation and some hearkens back to the original days of pizza, and this is why you should visit. The crust is crisp on the outside and soft on the inside wit s alight char taste from the wood burning over, the cheese is melted but not oozing, the sauce is not sweet or too acidic, but it has a great flavor. Each bit you will be swept away in the chorus of cheese sauce and wood fired crust. The more creative pizzas were quite good too, but be sure to order a certified pizza. You may wonder what I mean by certified, there is a authority that requires the size crust thickness and more to meet specs of the original Neapolitan to be certified.Other pleasant surprises were the amazing home made lemonchelo, Creamy and full of life from the fresh zest. A Fried dough with sugar desert and also great mini canolis which were not too sweet inside a crunchy little package. There are many big names for pizza in this area of town, however you will be missing out is this is not top on your list.
5	Really great place, love the fact the the owner/chef came up to us and chatted with us a bit, gave us a shot of his MOST AMAZING made from scratch Limoncelo, definitely the best we ever had.  The dessert was delicious and same with the pizza.  But still nothing beats Cibo's Pizza for us, still by far the best we ever had, including New York, San Fran and anywhere in town.
5	I don't see how anyone could give this place less than 5 stars. Went here on a Friday night and it was busy, waited maybe 10 minutes before I was seated but was able to get drinks while we waited. I was amazed how quickly the ladies got the tables ready for the next customers and the owner was very much involved. We had the Roma Salad and the Margherita Pizza and my wife had the Vespa cocktail which she thought was very refreshing. Before we left we were treated with a complimentary shot of is very own limoncello. It was simply a fantastic experience and our taste buds loved it! You have to ex price this place!  Did I mention their company car is a Fiat 500? How perfect is that?
4	nice atmosphere, great wait staff, and good pizza. the creme limoncello after dinner will definitely do the trick!
5	I am impressed! I came here on the recommendation of a friend, not knowing anything about the place and I ended up loving it. The decor is cute and modern and clean, although I can see this place getting packed because it is a small restaurant and I think it will get very popular soon.I ordered the postafino (?) panini for lunch.  I love that it came with a small side salad with balsalmic dressing and big parmesan shavings.  Simple, lightly-dressed salads are my favorite! The panini itself was HUGE -- honestly, it's SO big.  Inside the panini was the perfect amount of melted cheese, arugula, and prosciutto.  For only $10, that panini is a great deal.  The other half of mine will be my dinner tonight.Another plus is the olive oil and herbs/spices they bring out to dip your bread into.  They also have a spicy olive oil which is amazing.  I sprinkled some inside my panini and it gave it just the slightest kick.I will most definitely be back, this place rocks!
5	Great pizza! Nice European atmosphere in every way!
5	Best Pizza Ever.  Maybe the only real pizza I've ever had, now that I know what authentic napoletana tastes like.  the Chef and waitress were both extremely kind, and offered us desserts on the house =]I've never been this sad when my tummy got full, cuz I couldn't enjoy any more of the most delicious pizza taste that I have ever experienced.
5	I love this place! I went about a month ago and I can't stop thinking about it!The atmosphere is wonderful, even on a weeknight. The space is bigger than it looks from the street, with a beautiful brick oven. It gives off a fun, hip, yet romantic ambiance.We ordered 2 pizzas from their traditional pizza menu and we both loved them. We had a delicious grapefruit italian soda in a cool, vintage-y bottle. And the kicker? They brought us a FREE dessert because we casually mentioned to our server that it was our first time here. And the owner brought out the dessert himself. Now that is impressive. Oh, and he brought out free shots of some limoncello vodka drink! It makes you feel special to get that much attention!I will be back again and again!
5	Top notch all around! I don't have a single complaint about this place! The service was extraordinary, the pizza comes out quick and is some of the best pizza I've ever tasted in this town! The owner even came by our table after we had finished eating and poured us complimentary shots of his homemade limoncello. You can tell from the second you walk in that the owner and his employees take great pride in their restaurant!
5	Great Food. Very Authentic people and food. They did all the little things that make you feel like they value your business. I would recommend to anybody looking for authentic Italian pizza/food.
5	Absolutely delicious!  I was so disappointed to hear that Pomo was closing in the Borgata, but was quickly relieved and excited to hear that it was opening in downtown Phoenix...within walking distance to my loft - score!  The margarita pizza with a San Pellegrino orange is an absolutely perfect dinner...I'll be back many times over for this tasty treat!Great location in downtown, great atmosphere and decor, friendly staff and super tasty food.
5	There is no words that can describe just how delicious the pizza was! I was blown away by the abundance of flavors, my tummy was content and my taste buds loved me! We started off with a bruschetta. Simple bruschetta, nothing fancy, still tasty. My boyfriend ordered the Toto Sapore. Packed with lots of different meats, sausage, prosciutto, pancetta, and salame! Perfect choice for meat lovers. I opted for the Peppino which included ricotta cheese and salame. The crust was perfect! The tomato sauce really made the whole pizza to be honest. Not too thick and a good amount to still enjoy the rest of the ingredients. You MUST, MUST, MUST try your pizza with the chili infused olive oil. It's amazing! I wanted to take it home and use it for every meal. Lastly, the desserts. My, oh my...those desserts. The owner was kind enough to bring us a dessert on the house which was fried pieces of dough sprinkled with confectioners sugar. He also poured us a shot of something with cinnamon, sooooo tasty! Very strong, but the flavor was delicious. We went ahead and each ordered a dessert. My boyfriend got the Tiramisu and I got the Semifredo Alle Mandorle. My dessert was a traditional Italian dessert light mousse filled with figs and topped with amaretto cookies. That description alone just sounds mouth watering, no detail on the amazingness of that dessert needed! I'm excited to have found my new favorite pizza spot! I will return soon for the sandwiches! :)
5	Love Pomo!  Finally, great service downtown!  Pizza was perfect. There were four of us in our party. We started with a salad to share, good and plenty for a starter. We wanted to try two pizzas to share, our wonderful server suggested ordering one, then when about ready, she would bring the second.  Timing was perfect and both pizza's will make us all come back for more.  Then, the owner came out to the table with a light desert, on the house!  A few minutes later, he reappeared with a homemade Lemochello Cream...he was super nice, friendly and both of our treats were the perfect ending to a perfect dinner!  Thanks Pomo...we will be back!
4	Really enjoyed the food and service at Pomo! We shared the grilled veggie app and a pizza with ricotta, salami and sausage - both GREAT. Our waitress was very nice and I loved that the owner came to our table after the meal with a complimentary fried dough dessert and shots of a yummy cinnamon drink that he made. We'll be back!
5	Oh my my! You must eat here! I have been in Phoenix 18 months and this is my first "must" review. My advice is share the salad, share the pizza, but eat the whole dessert yourself! Authentic food, great service, excellent experience.
5	Amazing food, amazing service. I would recommend it to anyone looking for high quality pizza at a very reasonable price. The ingredients are top knotch and the staff is very friendly and helpful... Even who I'm assuming is the owner gave us a free shot of "limoncello" to go with our desert it was delicious.
5	I know I'm like the hundredth person to post  about this place but its worth it. This place rivals pizzeria Bianco for the best pizza in Phoenix. Which is saying something.We got here and the places was slammed. Sat down and service still kept up. Food was awesome. And they hook you up with free fry bread and lemoncello at the end of the meal. This place is nuts everyone should be here.
5	Our first visit was so terrific, we couldn't wait to come back. We love the patio, but it's still a little too hot to sit outside. So, for this trip, we sat inside.Again, service was prompt and friendly. We had water on the table and a drink order taken within minutes of sitting.Our server was helpful with suggestions, and stopped by just the right amount to check on us. When she didn't stop at the table, I still observed her eyeballing our table to see how full our beers were, or how far we were into our Mista salad--which is the best salad on the menu. It's also the only one we've tried so far ...The pizza, Quattro Stagioni, was so good. Thin crust, and just enough sausage and olives to make it a nice-sized main course. We still had room to try some desserts this time. On our previous visit, we had a salad and two pizzas. While all were fantastic, we screwed ourselves out of really great desserts--which is knowledge we gained on this visit.Peter had the Semifreddo, and I had the Tiramisu. The Semifreddo tasted of cherries, though it's made of fig. Peter loved it. My Tiramisu was the best I've ever had--and I've had a few. It was so light and flavorful. Somehow, though I was stuffed half-way through it, I managed to finish the whole thing. I'll pay for that later.Just for balance, I should probably mention some "opportunities'--as we call them where I work. Really, I mention them only for balance, because we both really love this place, and plan to return often. The toppings on the pizza was very unevenly distributed. Most of the sausage was on one half, and most of the olives on the other. (See, hardly worth mentioning, but ...) Also, ... the Tiramisu could have been cut in half (or maybe two thirds). It was just too big. (First World problems.) I took a pic of the Tiramisu, but my phone ate it before I realized it was gone, and I couldn't share it here.Again, Matteo, the owner, brought over his bottle of creamy Limoncello just as we finished everything. He's such a nice guy, though, I suspect, not so good with the English--which is all the better. He just smiles and nods, and we assure him everything was "so damn good." We thank him too much for how great everything is. Because ... we're just so grateful for this great pizza restaurant, right in the neighborhood.So, two Perronis (beer), a Mista salad, a pizza, and two desserts came to just about $50. Money well spent, if you ask me.
5	Authentic, Fresh, & Delicious! Service was prompt & polite-Bonus Points for the Chef personally delivering a complimentary dessert and homemade cinnamon liqueur at the end of the meal! Definitely a new favorite!
5	Fantastic food, great service.
5	New location, same outstanding Pizza.Cannot wait for the new location.Keep up the great work Mateo.
3	I can't in good faith give this place more than 3 stars. I'm actually pretty surprised there are so many 5 star reviews. Nevertheless here is my opinion and experience here. We arrived right when they opened at 11 and put enough money in the meter for an hour and fifteen minutes. All the while my boyfriend laughed at me for wasting my change on being over zealous. We were the only guests thus far and were seated right away. Everything was clean and nice as far as tables, chairs and decor. We got 2 waitresses as one was training. Having never been here we decided to try the meat, cheese, and olive platter. I was excited for it to bring back memories of my grand parents from Sicily. We waited, and waited, and another table was seated next to us. We waited some more and our waitresses returned to take our main course order. We were told to try the margarita pizza and regaled with tales of being certified all the way from Italy itself, which I can only assume, is the justification for the pricing. The sauce is even out of a jar shipped all the way from Italy itself. However, our pizza would supposedly be cooked in sixty to ninety seconds (yes, that's what she said) so at least we wouldn't be waiting? Finally our appetizer arrived with paper thin (warm) bread. The bread was inviting and the olives were great. That's about all the praise I can dish out for the meat tray. Even my boyfriend who, being a typical American male, lives for meat and cheese trays, was disappointed. Granted it was a lot of food. There wasn't enough bread for the whole tray. So if you're a party you might want to ask for extra bread if you decide on this lack luster adventure. By this time the restaurant had filled and tables around us were chattering away and eating. Yet we sat, and sat. About 45 minutes after we arrived our pizza came to the table, while everyone around us was finishing their lunch. I will be honest. It looked sad. Sauce everywhere, barely any cheese, and small pieces of basil that adorned 2.5 slices of the 6. I stared at it for a few minutes before taking a slice and trying a bite. My fears were substantiated tasting sauce out of a can or jar that had traveled half way around the world on a barge, probably next to a container of leather flip flops, and crates of Nutella. I learned to make a five hour sauce from my grandmother. I'm quite frankly appalled that a self proclaimed Italian pizzeria is not making their own sauce. Five minutes after our pizza arrived a man came and put a container of cheese an oregano on the table. My boyfriend dumped some cheese on his slice and said "try some, it'll help." I tried and decided it was no use. For dessert we tried the Nutella cake. While it didn't taste much like Nutella (more chocolate), the strawberries and whipped cream were phenomenal. I can't say that I'd make the trek again for strawberries and whipped cream. If we return it'll be for sauce less pizza only.
2	Was back in town and a friend suggested pomo again. This time it was plain bad. The pizza came out fast but it tasted too salty and the tomato sauce was very sour. Pretty good service but with high prices and bad pizza I won't go back.
4	Really good pizza. Really good drinks. You will read more about these in other reviews. My issue - the frizzy haired hostess at the entrance who committed the cardinal sin for me upon my arrival. She said "just one tonight?"Yes sweetie, just one, you condescending b***h. I may give this place another chance, but I swear if I am greeted this way again, I will take my money elsewhere.
5	Had just flown into Phoenix on a long flight.  Tired and hungry, we turned to Yelp to locate something fairly convenient to our route and lucked out in finding this place!  The staff is friendly and helpful and as soon as you walk in the door, the amazing smell that takes you over lets you know you are in for something really good.  Ambiance is nice, casual, warm and inviting.  We ordered their version of the meat lovers pizza to split and it was ridiculously good.  Impressive stone pizza oven in the corner produces thin, crispy pizza that is just the way i like it.  Looked like a lot of the ingredients were imported, which added to the authentic taste.  Free powdered sugar dusted fry bread at the end of the meal that was the perfect ending to a really satisfying meal.  Will keep this in mind for future trips to Phoenix and definitely recommend you check it out.
4	I've been to Pomo twice in the last month and have been more than pleased both times.  The service is first rate.  I had a smiling, friendly, helpful server both times.There is a great selection of craft and common beers.  The wine list is impressive too and won't break the bank.Try the grilled peppers as an appetizer.  May sound simple but very tasty.You can't go wrong with any of their pizzas but the napoletana is not just good but damn good.
5	OMG!  I love this place.  I loved it when it was in Scottsdale!  I lived in Italy and if feels like I am in a pizzeria  there.  The authentic ingredients, the 90 second baking in the authentic oven...the sauce...I LOVE IT!  And I love the owner..he is so funny!  I recommend this place.  If I lived downtown I'd be here ALL the time.  Can't wait for the new Scottsdale location to open again.  Bravo!!!
5	This place is hands down the best Italian food I've ever had. Service was amazing! When you walk in it feels very cozy, very LA. Of course it was busy! But we got a table in 10 mins. I ordered a "Vespa" cocktail at the bar while we waited for a table, and it was perfect! It's sweet and it had a couple raspberries! Then I ordered the Pomo pizza, the lasagna and a canoli. Everything was delicious! So flavorful! I will definitely come back again very soon! I'm just so lucky that its super close to where I work:)
5	Delicious wine. Divine pizza. Depictions of Italian street life on wall murals. And a surprise treat at the end of the meal. This place offered up a great dinner experience a deux for hubby and I.The Margherita pizza was simple...and simply delicious. We shared one pie and a salad, and then a slice of the Hazelnut Torte cake. Yummmm. The waitress was knowledgeable about the wine list and suggested two reds that we also really liked.After our meal, the chef brought us a special (and unexpected) treat...homemade limoncello shots and powdered sugar-coated crispy dessert bites.After a meal like this, the only thing I was left craving was a spin on a Vespa!
3	Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Pomo. The service was great, the ambiance was nice, and the owner goes around and gives customers fun little freebies: limoncello shots, fried strips of dough with powdered sugar (for dessert). However, I thought the food left a little something to be desired. We had the principe pizza, which is topped with arugula, prosciutto, and freshly shaved parmesan. I liked the crust a lot, but the actual flavors on top of the pizza were a little bland. I think they could have done a bit more to play up the flavors on top. After dinner, we had a piece of the torta nutella. Again, it was good but nothing I'd go out of my way to eat again. I think I'd prefer to eat pizza at Cibo or Pizzeria Bianco, but this is a nice place to grab a glass of wine with some friends and chat.
5	This is the best pizza in phoenix. I had the shrimp and arugula pizza. The shrimp was tender the sauce was simple but perfect and the arugula set it off. What really makes this the best pizza is the crust and the sauce. The sauce is wet but the crust on the bottom manages to stay crispy. There is just a right amount of char on the crust so you can still taste the dough. I had to eat the entire thing and am now recovering with a long nap. The service was great when I was finished the little Italian guy working kitchen (not sure if owner) gave me a shot of his home made lemoncielo and some fried dough with sugar. The lemoncielo reminded me of a cream pastry but with alcohol. Delicious! Anytime I want perfect pizza I am coming here. Ps if you are a small group like 2 or 3 people sit at the bar facing the kitchen. It's quite entertaining watching them make pizza right in front of you.
5	Recently had a wonderful dinner here! We started off with an order of bruschetta, which was incredibly fresh. Then we each had a personal pizza, the Regina Margherita and the Pomo. All of the ingredients were perfection and the dough was nice and thin. While we were waiting on our tiramasu (which was incredible) the head chef Matteo brought us a cinnamon liqueur that tasted like Cinnabon in a shot! The service was great, the patio was pleasant, and the food could not have been better.
4	Great pizza. Good service! Got the del duca and the quatro stagioni. The waitress said we could eat a pizza each but 2 people could share one. We both had lots of leftovers. I guess it depends how hungry you are but an entire pizza each seems a bit much. Nice touch on the free limoncello and pastries mentioned in other reviews at dessert. We didn't have room for any of the other desserts! Pay parking although I think it is free on Sunday...we paid anyway since we were not sure but it was only 5 dollars expiring at 10pm so was good. We sat on the patio which was hot until the sun went down but not much of a view. There was no room inside at the time...Worth the trip!
5	Not only is this the best pizza in Phoenix, it's among the best I've ever had (and I have spent a few weeks in Italy). And we got free lemoncello!
5	Back in the day I went to the location on Scottsdale a couple of times and I loved it so I paid a visit to the DT Phoenix location and I believe it's even better.Great decoration, wonderful staff, knowledgeable and kind waitresses (Kiera was super kind) and really good food.The caprese salad was superb, hands down.I also had the Pomo pizza which was very good.The chef (I believe he's the owner) is super kind and he stopped by our table to greet and invite my friend and I a shot of a liquor that was pretty tasty and also shared some kind of desert which was also pretty good.A funny fact is that all the floor staff were women (beautiful and super kind women).BTW the bar looks pretty cool as well, could be a good place for a happy hour for two.I'll be back soon.Cheers
5	Absolutely fabulous experience tonight. My wife and I have been two other times, but couldn't wait for 1.5 hours for a table. Tonight we could have had a table but chose to be seated at the bar.Our server, Amber, was attentive and gave us excellent recommendations. My wife had an Aperol Spritz (a drink she had in Italy this summer), and I stuck to red wine. We started out with the bruschetta, she had the capriossa pizza and I had the diavola pizza. Each pizza was superb. Instead of red pepper flakes, they have this red pepper flake oil that is divine. The owner came by the drop off freshly grated Parmesan that was to die for along with Italian dried herbs that we did not use. Following our meal, we were treated to some complimentary pizza crusts topped with cinnamon and sugar. Will absolutely return to this gem in downtown.Ciao!
1	Small place with not much character. I had dinner here with my wife and we share a salad and ordered two pizzas. Too much food. The server insisted that the pizzas are personal size. We had plenty of left over. Didn't care for our pizzas. The quatro stagioni was quite bland and the tomato sauce hadn't very much flavor. As many of the other reviewers we were offered the fried dough with powered sugar, again not impressed.
4	The pizzas were similar to other good neapolitan pizzas I've had. I wouldn't say among the best but I'd come back if someone wanted to go. I think they skimped on basil for one pizza but did good with arugula on another. Two friends ordered tomato soup, and they both really liked it. One picked up the bowl and slurped it clean. Owner? comes around and offered some treats at the end of our meal which was a nice touch. The restaurant is not large and I can imagine there'd be a wait during peak hours.   Not a 5-star experience because: parmesan and oregano were brought out after a whole pizza was already eaten, staff looked really tired/disgruntled when they walked around, and the bathroom was pretty dirty with towels all over the floor. Not big deals but things for the restaurant to work on.
1	Worst service of my life. Sat at my table for 10 minutes without being approached once or even given water. The hostess also seemed like she didn't want to be there. We walked out and the 5 employees were standing by the door when one said thank you. The worst part was that there were only 2 other tables seated, who already had their food.
5	Service was great, tables a little too snug for two people but when on their game the staff pulled dishes and stuff as quickly as possible (must have read other reviews and made improvements).  Food was very good, light flavors allow for individualizing oils, I particularly love to dip my pizza in oil, a little trick I learned growing up back east, so having spiced oil for dipping as opposed to choking on the traditional red pepper flakes was a plus in my book. The server was very sweet and friendly, decor was pleasing, bathrooms were clean on our Saturday evening visit.  Loved the little fried dough powder sugar things our server referred to as "crack", indeed, addictive, nothing left on plate.  For that matter, my husband and I shared a salad and a pizza and were very full and content!  Going back with our daughter tonight, gonna try the lasagne.
5	The pizza here is phenomenal.  The best margherita pizza in Phoenix.I came in on a lunch break during the week and sat at the bar.  I'm not exaggerating when I say I sat there for over 10 minutes before anyone approached me.  I was quite disconsolate when I walked in and didn't feel like talking to anyone so I felt content to just sit there and watch the female (only) staff of servers walk back and forth in front of me- trying not to make eye contact because then they'd have to take my order.  As I watched them interact together, I realized that none of them liked each other.  In fact, it was like watching a commercial for the Bad Girls reality TV show but this was more entertaining.  Finally, a chef approached the bar to make himself a drink of water, feeling rather thirsty I said "hey, do you mind if I get one of those, too?"  He was more than happy to make me one and asked me what I would like to eat and I told him I wanted a margherita pizza.  Within literally minutes my hot and fresh pizza was out.  The Chefs name was Mateo and he was freaking awesome. The owner also came by and made sure I had everything I needed including a nice tall Peroni to go with my delicious pie.  I can't wait to come back in and get served by the guys while I watch the waitresses claw each others eyes out.  Dinner and a show.
5	Be prepared to be wowed.
5	Good. Pizza gets a little soggy if you don't eat it right up. He needs to get those mesh metal plates that sit on top of the plate so the juices of the pizza don't make it soggy. Nice outdoor experience. Staff was very attentive. We went on a Saturday after the Phoenix Farmers Market was done. The owner came out and talked to us and asked us how the food was. Very nice person. Will go here again. Great place for families.
5	Tried both the margherita pizza and the roma salad... both were just absolute perfection.  I can't imagine a world where the flavors or ingredients for either are better.  It was a breezy fall's eve, so sitting outside was the right choice.  Service was great, drinks were cold - and after finishing off the 'za and salad, the chef came out with a taste of his special homemade limoncello.  That's what he called it at least, 'cept it was in an Everclear bottle.  Apparently more than a shot of it could cause liver-failure and diabetes at the same time - 'cause it was deliciously sweet, and thick enough that it coats your throat like lemon flavored cough syrup.  It was a nice touch, and the chef, despite not knowing a ton of English, was very kind.  I will be back to try other dishes, I can't see making a bad choice at this establishment.
5	AMAZING, DELICIOUS PIZZA!!!!!!!!!!! I am gluten free but I cheat on my health diet when I come here! (Don't tell my doctor lol) I get the cheese pizza and it is simple but soooo gooooooddddd! They closed down the location at the Borgota because the owner of Borgota is moving all the businesses out, tearing it down and building condos. I feel so bad for all of those business owners. But anyways, I went to the location in Phoenix even though it was further because I couldn't resist not having it!Can't wait until the new one in Scottsdale is open!!!
5	My husband and I were first timers here yesterday for lunch.  We ordered the arugula/ buffalo appetizer and the buffalo mozzarella pizza. This place is the real deal! Totally authentic pizza with imported flour, tomatoes, cheese and oregano to mention a few.  My husband is from Rome and the flavors brought him back to Italy. The owner Matteo is a fantastic host and really knows his craft! You will not be disappointed with anything you order!
5	I had the no cheese pizza. It was really good. I was impressed by the organic options including the USDA certified organic soda. Loved it. I will be back.
4	Super warm and hospitable!  Owner is from Naples, very welcoming and generous.  Free dessert and shots of limoncello plus some other cinnamon liquor.  The capriciosa pizza was amazing . Love the authentic Italian olives and artichokes!  I feel so full and happy leaving here.  They have an outdoor bar where you can eat/drink under cool mist lamps.  Very comfortable and chill.  Good for people watching.
5	I think this pizza is absolutely great to be honest.I live in Arizona, and i'm always on the run because of my Job, and let me tell you, it's always good to have good fast food close by.Everything, from the texture of the dough all the way down to the sauce and crust itself was very much so pleasant. Goin' out for pizza in the AZ area?I suggest this stuff right here.5 out of 5 *****.
4	Came here totally by accident, because the restaurant I wanted go to was closed. I am glad it was! My wife and I enjoyed the Regina Margherita and the Pomo pizza. They were both were ready very quicky, cooked perfectly, and super delicious.  We also received complimentary creamy limoncello shots and powdered sugar crispy chips  for dessert. This place is defintely going to give the Pizza Hut across the street some competition.
5	this is the BEST PLACE FOR PIZZA sorry Arizona this is the real thing the taste the cheese and the owner is great comes around and gives you this SHOT OF LIQUOR from Italy which is the DEAL SEALER!!!! Dont expect some PAPA JOHNS style they have a small menu and the pasta is on another LEVEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO NOW
5	This could possibly be the best pizza I have had. I have 3 pizza places that stick out in my mind and this is one of them. It is a tough competition between here, Pizzeria Bianco and Il Bosco. The pizza is cooked to perfection and the sauce is absolutely perfect. Quality ingredients and it is extremely satisfying. The service was also great, just wish it was a little cheaper.
5	I was visiting Phoenix and stumbled across this place. We decided to check it out to grab a drink and a bite to eat.I had a couple of good drinks--I can't remember what they were, but they were very tasty.For my meal, I ordered the triolese. I had never had brie on a pizza before, and this rendition of it was delicious. The size of the pizza was pretty large as well as I could barely finish mine. I am usually not a fan of thinner crust pizza but this has got to be one of my favorite non-deep dish places I've ever eaten at.It was nice to sit out on the patio and our waitress was attentive as well.I don't get out to Phoenix much, but next time I do, I'll be sure to stop by again.
5	Gem!!! What a fantastic little restaurant. Exceptional food and even better service. You can feel the fresh ingredients and the pizza cooks right in front of you. The owner comes out and pours a desert liquor. This is a piece of Italy in American Southwest. Dont miss.
5	The place is small but decorated well. I loved the pizza. The staff was fun and seemed proud of the restaurant. I've gone twice and each time the pizza was amazing. I tried the pizza that had four different toppings on different sections. It was a great sampler. It's probably my favorite pizza place in town. I actually like it better than Pizzeria Bianco in terms of taste and bigger menu.
5	The most amazing pizza in Phoenix. Owner and the entire staff are a delight to chat with. When I want the best, a quick trip from Mesa is worth it every time.
5	Had one of my all time favorite dining experiences here.  My sweetie and I sat at the kitchen table, had great drinks, and shared a delicious pizza. We split a tasty dessert, and we're surprised with complimentary Limoncello shots. Left tipsy, satisfied and delighted. On par with 4 star places that cost 3x as much.
5	Love it here!! The pizza's are so amazing AND AUTHENTIC, come out 5 minutes after you order, and the staff is so friendly. Every dish I've tried (from the grilled veggies, to the soup, to the many pizzas) has been wonderful. It's also not absurdly pricey and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. The owner also comes around after each pizza is put out and brings the cheese and this delicious spicy olive oil. He's very friendly and loves to give you a shot of limoncelo if you're lucky!1 pizza is great for 2 people to share. It's more fun in a bigger group where you can get a few to try all the yummies. Ingredients are top notch, the dough is fabulous, and give me all the mozzarella please! I always suggest Pomo when we're wondering what to do for dinner and can't wait to try all their pies.
5	Genuine stuff with so many unique options. Love they offer calzone.  Spicy olive oil a hit. Good for business or pleasure.
5	WOW! Great food, friendly staff! Had the calzone and it was huge! This is legit Italian food! Worth the stop outside of downtown!
5	This place is crazy amazing. I brought my aunt here while she was visiting from out of town. I took a risk since it was also my first time. We were not disappointed! The pizza was awesome and the salad was a generous size. For the three of us the pizza and salad were enough. The owner then came over and sneakily left a dessert that tasted like a funnel cake in chip form! THEN he brought over a bottle of homemade lemoncello (sp?). It was so good (and strong). Free booze and great pizza makes for a 5 star review.
5	If you have been Italy and enjoyed their pizza, then you have experienced Pomo! If you have not been to Italy  and eaten pizza, then you must try Pomo. They use truly authentic ingredients and they have have a wood stove that was  brought from Naples, Italy. The pizza crust is full of flavor and the toppings are so amazing. Fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, spicy salmi and many other tasty toppings.  In addition, their appetizers are also amazing. Fresh buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes and some field greens make a perfect start to your meal. After you eat your delightful pizza, then try their simply tasty desserts.  We tried their deep fried dough sprinkled with powdered sugar. Simple but yet a great way top off your meal. In addition, we also tried the homemade limoncello. It was pure delight! Just like the limoncello my mother makes.  A perfect way to cap off the dining experience.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot, the owner and chef, Matteo, was extremely hospitable  as was the wait staff.  If you are looking for a way eat like you are in Italy without spending all the time and money to get there, eat at Pomo's and you will at least et a very authentic meal and you can wash it down with a nice glass of Perroni.  I can't wait to head back to Phoenix so I can get another taste of Italy.  I only wish they would deliver to Cincinnati!
5	A girlfriend and I dined here last night and sat at the counter and we were very impressed. The pizza was amazing to say the least. The service was excellent and watching them make the pizza pie was interesting. Huge brick oven that was made in Italy and shipped over. The owner is a delight, very humble and offered us limoncello as an after dinner drink, which was fantastic. Perfect lemon taste. Can't wait to go back there and experience more wonderful food and company.
5	I truly wish I could give more than a 5-star review to Pomo. We began going there when they still had the Borgata location. Living downtown, that was always a bit of a hike, but it was worth it. Now that they're downtown I feel like my life is complete. We are very fortunate to have some world class pizzerias downtown and around Central Phoenix. With one exception, I've tried them all numerous times. Obviously any review is opinion-based, but I would whole-heartedly say that Pomo is the superior of them all. I've never had anything that was not absolutely delicious here. I've yet to try their panini and pasta, but the pizza, salads, calzone, and desserts are all out of this world. Dessert-wise, the semifreddo is the one we come back to most often. The Romana salad is always a great way to start. Pizza-wise, the carbonara is a rich little treasure that deserves your attention. The diavola is spicy, but well-balanced, and is another "must." Really, you could probably close your eyes and pick randomly and be so far from disappointed you'd find yourself in a foreign land. At the end of every meal the owner brings out powdered sugar covered fried pieces of dough that are almost paper thin. At dinner these are also accompanied by homemade limoncello that is syrupy thick and delicious. There's even a cinnamon version that you will thank your lucky stars you were fortunate enough to try should it be available. So Pomo, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for doing what you're doing. I can't wait to spend more time enjoying your fare, and I wish you unlimited success!
3	To me eating pizza, or really Italian food in general, is a social experience. You surround yourself with family and friends, and even sample each other's orders.  So that being said it really is about ambiance, as much as it is the food. But where I see Pomo miss is the ambiance. It is overly sterile, and cold. The staff there is great and that will help bring up the warmth level. But when they get busy, everyone in the place knows it and can feel it which is distracting. Many will enjoy the high quality ingredients they use, as I do. I enjoy the simple nature of the food, it isn't overly complicated in construction but after the four+ times I've been there I haven't found a favorite on the menu yet.
2	Not sure what was up with their bar service; maybe only one person was 21 or over but our party on a Friday late afternoon/evening had a nearly impossible time getting drink orders as well as getting them correct!  We were a large party but they knew we were coming days in advance.  They had us out on the patio but the patio bar was not open (???) and all orders had to be taken inside to the main bar.  Some in our group had the pizzas and were apparently satisfied because I didn't see any of it go back but they have got to do something about the service or at least explain to folks what's going on (we humans can be very understanding)
5	First timer. Brought my little girls in. Staff was great. Pizza was authentic and tasty. Fresh ingredients. The chef even brought something out special for the girls.
3	The service was great, don't get me wrong.However, I was really disappointed with the food, we ordered the Caprese and a Margarita with mushrooms. The Caprese came out first and the tomatoes and mozzarella were really poor quality. It's not like I don't realize tomatoes are out of season but they could really do better than that. The mozzarella was just bad over all, the texture and taste. Seeing as how bad the mozzarella was, I had our waiter change the cheese on our pizza to the buffalo mozzarella which was like 3$ more just to hope it would turn out better. Our pizza arrived, I expected the buffalo mozzarella to be a bit more watery, but our pizza was literally flooded with the water from the buffalo mozzarella and was a nightmare.I don't drive all the way out to Phoenix often, and I usually just do it to go to nice restaurants I find on Yelp. Such as Bianco, Matts, and Atoyac; and I always seem to have a good time and experiance at all of these but this place let me down.
5	New location and same wonderful experience!Very delicious Naples-style pizza .This pizza is serious stuff.Vera Pizza Napolitana..  Crust, cheese, ingredients--everything was tasty.We had the margharitta first and then we went crazy with Bufalo pizza.The dough is like eating a cloud and it has the most perfect leopard spotting, they cook it in less than two minutes and you can taste the complexity of the wood-fired oven style.These people are PROS.Owner was very nice and some streap dough fry and  lemoncello creamy (best ever had).The food was OUTSTANDING, as was the wine selection. I felt like my bill was very fair and will definitely be back when I'm in Phoenix again.
5	This place is delicious and the customer service is amazing. One of the owners came to our table to introduce himself and gave us two shots and yummy dessert.
5	How does Phoenix have so many amazing pizza places? I mean, how? My previous home cities of San Diego and Denver didn't have one! This place has put me in a bind. Cibo was hands down my favorite, now this place comes in and screws everything up for me. Can you have two number 1's?Pomo is a super cool place with a nice vibe with it's patio that connects with the bar. The pizza is tops in town. Have tried a few of them now and everyone one of them have been delicious. The service is fantastic and you can tell the owner is appreciative of his customers. Like other reviewers, he came over to our table and gave us his homemade limoncello shots which were phenomenal!!! Thanks Pomo, we'll be back for sure.
5	The pizza was prepared to perfection. Then the owner came out with lemoncello liquor shot that was delicious. The servers were amazing! This will be a regular date night spot for me and the honey.
5	Amazing pizza, service and atmosphere. I highly recommend! If you're looking for authentic pizza, this is definitely the place to go.
4	I watched an episode of Diner, Dives and Drive In's and saw and episode where they featured a pizzeria in San Antonio, TX that had an oven shipped back piece by piece and where they make their own cheese, had been trying to get out to that part of Texas for months.  I never made it to that pizzeria but Pomo deserves a spot or at least high accolades.They have an oven that was shipped from Naples, a section on their menu that's reserved for E.U. certified ingredients.  We tried 2 different pizzas, the Principe and the Toto Sopore and wow, when it comes out of the oven it's just heaven in my mouth!  Excellent crust, light sauce and not at all greasy.When we finished, we had to try the cannoli after hearing so much about it on yelp but found it the almond/cream filling a bit bland.  We felt like we were visiting a friend's house by eating here.  Just as we were done.  The owner sent more desserts over!  Shots of Limoncello, Panettone, and thinly fried pizza dough spindled with powered sugar.  Very nice ends to our meal. We left full and happy!
5	Absolutely delicious! Must try!  Capricciosa & Lasagna is OUTSTANDING! atmosphere and customer service was great and you're even greeted by the owner himself to see how you enjoyed your meal.
5	Ate at Pomo last night for the first time and was thoroughly impressed! The Margherita Pizza was out of this world! I lived in Italy for awhile and have to say this was the closest I've had since my return. When compared to true Italian pizza, this was far closer and better than even Pizzeria Bianco. The service was good too. I will most definitely be back...very soon!!
5	Incredible pizza, tiramisu and lemoncello cream.  The freshest ingredients, shipped straight from italy.  So impressive.  The pizza sauce was remarkable and the tiramisu had three layers of lady fingers with marscapone sent straight from heaven!
5	Not sure what the bad reviews are about. I have been coming here since they opened this downtown location. The food here is amazing and authentic which is how you would get it in Italy... The dough is amazing and it's a secret on how he makes it! The pizza is awesome and the deserts are great too. The employees here always welcome me and the owner always makes a point to shake my hand and say hi. It does get busy here at times but the service has always been good. The complimentary fried dough with powder sugar and the limoncello is a nice touch! Try this place out I'm sure you will love it!
5	The best Napoletana pizza I've had outside Naples. We were visiting from out of town and chose this place based on yelp reviews.  I had the Toto Sapore pizza, which did not disappoint.  My mom ordered the Contadina and enjoyed every bite.  Our waitress gave us great service and was very helpful since it was our first time.  The chef was very friendly and generous.  We received a complementary dessert and shot of crema di limoncello. This was the best crema di limoncello I've ever had, including my visit to Naples.
4	I decided to give Pomo another shot. I ended up at the same high table that overlooks the kitchen. For whatever reason, this spot seems to be unpopular but I like it because it keeps me warm AND I can see what's going on with my food!My friend and I shared the Mista salad and the Pomo pizza. I was much more pleased this time with the food we ordered! The sausage on the Pomo pizza was delicious and the Mista salad was larger and more filling than we expected. It's also fun to get all of the little freebies. They brought out bread and oil, the fried strips of dough with powdered sugar (again), limoncello (again), and then this sweet cake. It felt like the longer we sat there, the more food they put in front of us! Service is very attentive and I never felt that we had to wait long for anything. Also, I'm assuming the man who gives out the limoncello shots is the owner and it's fun to see him around. The pizza is still not my favorite in the valley (hence the 4 stars) but I can definitely say that it's a solid place to go and it's a nice option in the pizza rotation.
4	I wasn't planning on going here. It just sort of...happened.I wasn't sold after my first look at the menu, but my friend was jazzed about pizza so I just went with it. But first I needed to cure my grumps with a bit of caffeine, so I ordered a cappuccino.Oh. Yes.I was in cappuccino heaven. Best cappuccino I have had in my life. At that point I was in for a penny, in for a pound.My friend and I shared the sorrentina (toasted bread with mozzarella, tomatoes, garlic, basil, olive oil), a light start to hold us over while we decided which pizza to try. Once decided, the pizzas come out super-fast. My amatriciana was a little salty, but I chalk that up to the ample amounts of pancetta. The crust was light and chewy and slightly charred, just how I like it! I couldn't eat it all in one sitting though, because there was still dessert to think about.And another cappuccino to go with it, of course! Happily provided by our lovely and knowledgeable waitress.A slice of warm chocolate torte and a shot of limoncello to end the evening, and leftover pizza for the morning. Perfect.
5	I just went to a few cities in Italy Aug 2013, and fell in love with the pizza in Naples and Rome. Naples, known as the city where pizza originated from, has am-azing pizza. The sauce is simple, the dough is fresh, soft, and really delicious. Although Pomo has more ingredients on the pizza, such as arugula or sausage if you want, the dough is perfect. It really brought me back to the pizza I had in Naples. There seems to be a lot of pizza places in Phoenix and Scottsdale, and even a Grimaldi's opened in Scottsdale. We had just had Pizza Bianco the day before, and Pomo is wayyyyyyy better. It's probably the best pizza place I've had in the states so far that serves napoletana pizza. This was my most memorable meal next to Nobuo's in Phoenix. And for that, THANK YOU, Arizona!!
5	Just had an amazing experience! Hate to admit this but hands down one of the best pizzas I have had! The staff was great and very friendly. I was craving an after dinner caffeine fix and our bartender recommended the cutest little espresso drink... I told her I don't like coffee and it was perfect, right on point! The chef brought us out some complimentary sample desserts and limoncello shots... Words can't even describe how delicious! Well done Pomo, you just got some regulars for life!!
4	Was staying downtown near here and came across this place. What an awesome find! Not American style pizza for sure and that is a good thing. Great food and service. There was a hottie for eye candy in the open kitchen which enhanced the whole experience.
5	My girlfriend and I attended Pomo's last month and we were extremely happy with the service and the food. We were really shocked on how fast the service is!I read the reviews on here and can understand some negative ones but those people are idiots for what you get. This isn't a $50 a plate restaurant! So those people who are looking for perfection from a very affordable restaurant are "smoking" stuff! My girl had the pizza which was really good, and I had the lasagna which was above average. I did love the complementary lemoncello shot, and the dessert.The only negative was that the young waitress (very good-looking so I will overlook) brought out our plates one at a time and said some lame excuse that she didn't know we wanted them together. What? So we are going to eat separately? Obviously, there was a mixup but I'm prone to those so I'm not going to hold it over her because she was young and easy on the eyes. :)
5	Absolutely the most authentic pizza joint in the states. Makes me feel like I'm in Napoli. The owner is awesome, friendly and a heck of a host. Makes me want to move to Phoenix.
5	One of my favorite pizza joints in AZ. Decor and ambiance makes for a nice date night or even a casual lunch/dinner outing. Our service is always outstanding. the Bufala pizza is a must try! simple ingredients and full of flavor.
5	I love this place. My fave is the Zuppa alFunghi - its amazing! Pizza is yummmmy. The owner interacts with every customer whether delivering the pizza personally or checking in on you or bringing you the creamy limoncello at the end. Nice outdoor seating out front. It's nice to sit at the bar and watch the guys make your pizza too!! Definite date night kinda place.
5	Go here as soon as you land in Phoenix! The Pizza tastes like its right off the streets in Italy and it should because the owner seems to be right off the streets of Italy. The complimentary Limoncello tastes like chilled cake icing in a cup! The Peroni was ice cold. The bruschetta was so fresh! I had the Diavola pizza. I soaked it in their chili infused olive oil. I'm telling you it was the best pizza I've had west of the Atlantic!
5	First time trying Pomo last night. Quite a wait but completely worth it. Tip - you can call ahead and reserve a spot.
1	No ambience at this place at all. Weather was chilly tonight so my boyfriend and I opted to sit inside..There were a few larger tables for groups and then a long wall booth with smaller tables and chairs in front of it. It was like being in a cafeteria ..we were wedged in between two other couples. UGH. wanted a quiet relaxing dinner and that didn't happen. The waiter was rude and fake. He kept hitting on two girl customers..kind of creepy. Also a worker hit me with the door..when he apologized he REEKED of alcohol. The food was the same as the service. Awful. My pizza came out and it was so soggy the toppings all slid right off. It was a disgusting mushy mess. The chicken on my salad was dry and tasted of very poor quality. I feel like I must have went on an off or bad night because I am not picky and there are so many good reviews for this place......I however, couldn't wait to leave so I surely will never go back. Bummer.
5	The food is so fresh and flavorful! I enjoyed everything that I ate which included: a salad, a glass of wine, and the Alfonso pizza. My friend and I even got a complimentary dessert and shots on the house. Nothing better then that!!!
4	Prego!If you want pizza, get it here!The Verace pizza arrived hot, a little too burnt-to-a-crisp, but still palatable. We also ordered the pollo salad (pronounced "polo" not my embarrassingly "po-yo") to make sure we had our daily dose of veggies. We decided to forego on dessert, but our server brought out a complimentary plate of fried dough strips with powdered sugar. Parking was easy, we were surprised by the no-wait on a Saturday night. A good casual dinner pick!.
5	Great dining experience. Pizza is great from the wood fired oven. Friendly service and efficient staff. What sent us over the top was the complimentary desert crisps after dinner followed by a lemoncello cream made by the owner that was out of this world. We were already sold on the place before the lemoncello cream made the perfect finish.
4	First time. Nice atmosphere. The food was good - but missing a little something too, flavor-wise. I also thought the presentation could have been better. That said, we will occasionally return and test out other menu items and see where it leads us!
5	The food was perfect, the waiters are incredibly friendly and prompt, and the overall experience was fantastic. I have not had a more authentic Italian experience since my trip to Italy. We came in near the end of the night, and not only were we not rushed, but the staff kept prolonging our stay with great conversation and samples. You can just tell when a restaurant is working for more than profit, but for the joy of providing a good meal. You need to eat here!
5	Amazing food, I love the sauce they use on their pizza. The atmosphere was really comfortable and they have a great cocktail menu. I shared the Pomo pizza and mista salad and it was perfect and just what I wanted. The waiter was friendly and charming and the limocello shots at the end was the way perfect to finish off a great meal. I'll definitely recommend and return. :)
5	Have been here a few times but this time was particularly great. My roommate and I came up for a quick snack after studying and had a really nice time. Great ambiance and welcoming staff! Especially our bartender, I think his name was Clay? Was super knowledgeable on the ingredients and menu. Helped us pick out a great pizza and kept us entertained :) we will definitely be back!
5	Sooooo good!  I lived in Italy for a year, and this is pizza the way I remember it.  Fresh ingredients, chewy crust, yummy tomato sauce, not dripping in too much cheese or grease like American style.  Hubby got the Pomo while I got the Principe - ended up eating half each.  Plenty to take home and enjoy tomorrow.  We sat at the pizza bar, so we could watch the cooks.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  The head chef was kind enough to give us a couple shots of limoncello after dinner.  We'll for sure be back.
5	A real man admits when he is wrong.   I was wrong about this place in my first review.This is one of the tastiest places ever.   The owner is a great man named Matteo who is a true gentleman, kind and considerate of his patrons.   If you haven't been, you must go and add this to your list of favorites in downtown Phoenix.There were 4 of us., Two ordered pizza.  One ordered salad and one ordered the Lasagna.  Of all - the Lasagna was probably the least favorite since this is a pizza place.  The pizzas were fresh, tasty and nothing was left.   We also had 4 shots of Matteo's homemade Lemoncello which was like a circus in your mouth!  I don't know how he makes it but it appears to be grain alcohol, lemon and some heavy cream.  OMG.  It was heaven!!!  Matteo is pure Italian - a true Pisan!  We can't wait to go back.  And as we always say  IT's IMPORTANT TO PATRONIZE LOCAL BUSINESSES!!!   Matteo is very proud of his establishment, is cooking in the kitchen and wants to make the customer experience an exceptional one.  Well, he sure made fans out of us!  We will be back and will tell all our friends.
5	I've eaten all over the USA, and the east coast usually has the best pizza. This place is right up there as far as taste.  Although I won't be back, its way over priced.  Their pizza only comes in one size.  I ordered 4 pizzas and 3 sodas and the bill was $76.13 not including tip.  Plus you have to pay to park.
5	Awesome -- just awesome. I'm in a food coma after a delicious Brie and prosciutto pizza with fresh ingredients and complimentary limoncello. On top of that, everyone that works there is great -- it made me feel like a local (Italian) hangout even as an out of towner
5	Best pizza I have ever had. The principe is exquisite. The Ingredients are fresh, housemade, and high quality. The owner and chef Mateo is very hospitable and loves to visit with his customers. He even presented additional dishes and ingredients to try. Fantastic overall experience.
5	I had the opportunity to try Pomo summer of '13.I'm not from the area and wanted to try something local and authentic. Well BAM!! Pomo was it!!!I've tried authentic pizza from Napoli and this was it!!!! I was very impressed with the fresh flavor and the awesome service. The cooks were great and the owner was a charm!When I go visit family again I will definitely be stoping by to get my Pomo fix!!!Yum!! Yum!!
5	Went there for Valentine's Day dinner...  Awesome place to be..  The food was perfect and the service was too.  This is a must visit place!!!
4	- definitely a date place, romantic but a bit busy in a fun way- great service and server, fast, attentive, charismatic- GREAT pizza, i say that as a pizza snob- its a bit small, so i wouldn't go there with more than 4-6 (max) ppl
5	amazing pizza, salads, bruschetta, and has great service
5	Liked it so much I took a group of 15 people there the next night...  Loved it!  I was there just the night before for Valentine's Day and it was great then.  This is a fun place for small to mid sized groups....
2	Staff is not friendly and the look on the person who brought us out food was like I hate you and my job.I do have to say best pizza in town. Salads are fresh and the dressings are homemade.
3	Nice atmosphere and location, but WAY overpriced. I paid $11.38 for an iced tea and a cannoli (which turned out to be 3 mini cannoli). Too much $$ for so little.
5	Met some friends for dinner on Saturday night.  Was great!  Food was terrific, service was casual (fitting for the atmosphere) and fun.  Staff was responsive to all our needs.  Had 3 pizzas (all great).  Beer (waitress brought me 2 samples to help me choose) and wine.  All a+.
4	The pizza here is definitely good. It's a little pricey but worth a try. I do enjoy brick oven pizza and the atnosphere is pretty neat (dare I say "romantic"?) I may return sometime with the wife.
5	If there were 10 stars I would give this place 12!  Don't let the simplicity fool you.  Great food, great service.  Amazing authentic Italian pizza.  Everything is imported, even the oven!!  You will not be disappointed!
5	This is our second time here and it only got better since our last visit. Best pizza in the valley. Try their organic Italian sodas with the pizza and be prepared to fall in love.
5	We have been coming down to Phoenix from Alaska for many years and have been searching for "that pizza place". We have finally found it.  Everything on the menu was fantastic. To top it off we had excellent service from David (we sat and ate at the bar). The owner shared a little something from the old country at the end of the meal. This is THE ONLY  pizza place we will go to from now on when we visit Phoenix.
5	"Prego!" Little did I know this word would become so near and dear to me. Here, say it with me. It's not fair to ask unless an Italian has blessed your ears with the sound.  Use your imagination and listen to the Colombian from New York describe the Italian. Roll your lips inwards gently, breathe in through your nose and roll those "R's". "PRRrrreee-G-o!"To be clear, added emphasis on the "G". Maurizio greeted us with "Prego!" as soon as we were seated. Or at least that's what my myopic memory will always hear. From deep within his belly, a short percussion, out came "Prego!" Waters were seamlessly on the table when I inquired about the sign outside."Wine for $5?""Yes. We have a Sangiovese for five dollars.""Prego. Pronto!"Out came the biggest goblet of wine in my history of life. Still shocked at the enormity of my vino I peeked at the menu. I looked at my friend. We agreed we wanted pizza. Mensa candidates the two of us. There were three columns and we sought assistance. Starved and envious of our neighbor's plates we desperately wanted to place an order. Maurizio efficiently highlighted the differences. All pizzas are thin crust and twelve inches. "Classica" = imported tomato sauce. "Tradizonale" = respects Napoletana style standards. "Focaccia" = No tomato! A pizza and a salad was Hoovere'd down. I had no idea. But now YOU do. I wanted to eat more of the pizza. I haven't stopped talking about the pizza. I was perfectly satiated by the amount of food shared. However, I could have scarfed another slice or two down! Toto Sapore was the perfect pizza that night. The meat wasn't too salty (italian sausage, pancetta, salame and prosciutto), the sauce was introduced but not overwhelming, the crust was crispy but not wafer thin like paper and passed the fold test. Because really, pizza is meant to be eaten held in your hands. The Insalate Pollo offered a generous share of pine nuts, avocados, grilled chicken (not dry at all!), grape tomatoes on spring greens with a lemon vinaigrette. I was surprised the lemon vinaigrette wasn't too strong. I've got my mind on trying the mango salad next time. Goals, we all have to have goals."Dessert?"I still have a half filled goblet of wine. In my haste to consume pizza it had been left unattended. (Unheard of!) We begged off on sweets. Suddenly two little shot glasses appeared at our table."Prego!"And then a plate of thinly cut, fried dough, sprinkled with powdered sugar. "Limoncello! On the house!" As Maurizio's friend, (because everyone is friends at this restaurant), filled our teeny tiny glasses with a bottle that read, "EVERCLEAR", we were armed with instructions. "Sip the Limoncello."Gingerly I approached the Limoncello. Despite my concerns about consuming a grain alcohol it was *delicious*. Alas, I drove, so I had to pass over my dessert drink to my dining companion.Thinking the night couldn't possibly end on a sweeter note, Maurizio brought out two chocolates. When unwrapped they held special messages. "A man enjoys the happiness he feels. A woman the happiness she gives.""You will always be beautiful to me and I will always be true to you."The Italians love romance. Bring a date ;)By the way, "Prego!" has multiple uses.(After being thanked) You're welcome, don't mention it etc.(In response to a request) Yes, of courseHave you tried saying it out loud? Hmmm? "Prego!" It's fun. Alright fine. Go have some amazing pizza!
4	Wow What a fantastic pizza, light and crunchy crust. Sweat sauce with just the amount of topping and cheese. Very authentic Italian atmosphere complete with a shot of a sweat liqueur at the end of the meal. Highly recommend this restaurant for those people from out of town who want a light meal.
5	If you haven't been here, GO!First time I came here I returned twice in less than six weeks.It's as good as Bianco's without the three hour wait. Salud!
3	One of two authentic pizza places in downtown Phoenix, which also serves salad and panini sandwiches.  In addition to the dining room there is a dedicated outdoor seating area right off the sidewalk, which are both clean and well arranged.This being my first visit i wanted to try something different, so I ordered a Capri Panini.  The panini was large and was similar to a folded pizza. The "bread" is made from the same dough as the pizza, and cooked in the same ovens so it is fresh and crisp.  The roasted vegetables and mozzarella were ample and flavorful.  Although this sandwich was very good, it did have one issue...The protein.   The sausage could not hold it's own with the other flavors in the sandwich.  At one point I even questioned whether they had forgotten to put it in at all and opened half of the sandwich to find only a few small "coins" of sausage.  In my estimate, there was less than a half of sausage in the entire sandwich.  I understand that the secret of preparing food is to balance flavors, however, if the diner is left searching for the "star of the show" then in the end it is a failure.My guest had the Contadina pizza which looked great and he was very happy with it. I will return to try the pizza.
4	This is a cute little Italian joint. My friend and I went at 645 and it was busy but we barely had to wait 10 minutes and they suggested that we stop in at the turf for a drunk first(the bar next door). It was nice in there but a lot of green lighting, which doesn't really make anyone look good. We got our table and sat outside. The service was quick but not very careful. At first when our pizza came out, there were no plates, napkins or the toppings they are supposed to bring  with it. We asked for those things and the napkins didn't show up until we were almost finished.The pizza was delicious, we got the one that starts with an a, I don't recall the exact name. I would defiantly eat here again. One other thing was we both ordered a glass of the White House wine and it tasted like what I imagine pee tastes like. It was pretty gross, I'd suggest you splurge a little and go for a more expensive wine, you will probably have better luck.
3	Pizza is ok, but not comparable with Pzzeria Bianco. And since Pizzeria Bianco now has 3 locations and no more wait (at least not more than any other good restaurant) I rather go to Bianco any day of the week. perhaps my mistake was that I went there with my wife on a "date" we both love pizza and I just know that if I had taken her to Bianco she would have been happy, but after this place she hardly wanted to go for dates anymore. The place is tiny. dark and was empty that night. Service was great, the pizza is good, and certainly better than the average pie but not really that special the ingredients are very good, but it was soggy in the middle.But overall the ambiance is missing and the location is at least at night a bit lonely.
4	Very nice setting.  Oven seems at the right temp but you can't fault them for the flour available. For Phoenix this is an excellent option for true pizza neapolitana.
4	The pizza here is fantastic. The atmosphere is cozy but don't sit outside if you mind the cigarette smoke blowing over from The Turf on a busy night of boozers. Don't get me wrong, I like a good night out of boozing but not when I'm having dinner with my woman. My gf and I shared 2 pizzas, the margarita & another one with shaved parm & sliced prosciutto. Afterward the main pizza guy gave us a plate of some kinda fried dough dessert with powdered sugar. It was nice. Then he came by later and poured us a homemade shot of limoncello in little glasses. Immediately & pretty much automatically I raised this thing, acknowledged my gf & tipped it back to the heavens & slammed the glass down on the bar. After wiping my mouth & looking around the room I realized it was supposed to be enjoyed by something called sipping. It was a nice way to end the meal. Oh & the service was good, I recommend this place.
5	Well, you know what they say, nothing indicates that you like a place like the fact you keep going back and this has to be my 3rd or 4th time going to Pomo's. Each time things seem a bit more polished and hey, some of the downtown patio seating you can find. I also noticed that they have a number of local brews on tap in their bar area. I like their outside seating so much that I've literally never gone inside the restaurant, though in the summer I have a feeling that will change. I've never had anything bad here - the pizzas are wonderful and a friend of mine tried the meat lasagna today and it looked delicious. I also like their appetizers. For those counting calories the roasted veggie app is delicious and the pizza's - I have to say, I'm a crust aficionado and the crust on the pies is wonderfully crispy and the pies, literally as good or better than any I had when I was in Naples a few years ago. Wait staff is also friendly and efficient and the owner always seems to be around, providing fried dough crisps with powdered sugar and if you are lucky, a shot of his homemade limoncello.  There are a lot of good eating options in the area but this place, this seems to b e the best.
4	Pomo is currently sitting atop the Phoenix Yelp Homepage as the #1 restaurant in the area. I originally had this place bookmarked because it's a VPN (Vera Pizza Napoletana [True Neapolitan Pizza]) location, but the fact that it's currently ranked #1 solidified it as a "must-go" for me on my visit. For your edification: the VPN is a Naples-based non-profit group that certifies your pizzeria in that the pizza is being made a certain way (i.e, ingredients, cooking method, preparation, etc.)--however, as my Yelp friend Glenn G reminds me (over and over): "I've unfortunately learned this does NOT guarantee the quality of the pizza." So with that in mind, let's begin our journey.Antipasti:Piatto Di Bufala- This is basically a salad comprised of Arugula, Grape Tomatoes, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, and Buffalo Milk Mozzarella. I loved the mozzarella and the rest was pretty standard; not sure I'd order it again as it's a bit much to pay ($14) for mostly greens. 3*Tradizionale:Regina Margherita- This really is one of the most simple (and original!) pizza types out there; it's just San Marzano Tomatoes, Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, and Fresh Basil. I think when made well it might be my hands down favorite pizzas of all-time, and Pomo does a fantastic job with it. From the crispy and chewy crust; to the gooey mozzarella; and the freshness of the tomatoes and basil it was a sheer delight. This is a must try. 5*Classica:Capricciosa- For our second pie we got something a little more "fancy" and ordered the Capricciosa, which consists of Prosciutto, Gaeta Olives, Artichoke, and Mushrooms. We did the 'chokes on only half of the pie because my Bro-in-law is not a fan. The pizza was pretty good, but I think in comparison to the Margherita there was no competition. Unfortunately, I should've eaten a slice of this first, before having the Margherita--but I didn't and it couldn't hold a candle to it. 3.5*BambiniPizza Ciro- I was a bit surprised to see that they have a kid's menu so we ordered the Ciro -which is just San Marzano and Mozzarella- and added Sausage. They have another kid's pie that had Salami, but for some reason they couldn't substitute the Salami for the Sausage. We agreed, but upon inspecting the bill I noticed that they charged an extra $3 for the kid's pie just for the sausage; so, a $6 pie went to a $9 pie. Don't get me wrong, I'm not being cheap, but something about that just irked me the wrong way. For $2 more I could've ordered another Margherita! Regardless, the boy loved it and the sausage was very high quality. 4*-pie/ 2*-for the pricing Dessert:Torta Nutella- As soon as I saw this I had to have it. It's a flourless chocolate cake; filled with an Italian Nutella Cream and Hazelnuts; and topped with a Chocolate Ganache and more Hazelnuts. Sounds good right? Well, it was good, but not good as expected. I guess I was hoping it'd be sweeter but it was more of a dark chocolate mix which is good, but not what I wanted. It's also very rich and decadent so it can easily be shared by two people. 3.75*Service & Ambiance- Great service from our waitress, Amanda. She was very nice, helpful and answered any questions we had. Pomo is located in a pretty small building in Downtown Phoenix in a quaint section of town that doesn't make you feel like you're in a large city. The building seats about 30 (inside and out) and is very cozy. I think the best part of the building is how you can watch the boys prepare your pizzas and being able to stare at the awesome VPN-approved oven. Perfect spot for a date night. 4.5*-service/5*-AmbianceValue- Other than the "Sausage Incident" mentioned above, their pizza prices are fantastic. I think they could stand to lower their dessert and antipasti prices a bit, but with that being said we still only paid $15/head for a party of 3 adults and one child. 3.75*Usually after visiting a place that's much ballyhooed there's usually always a bit of disappointment, but Pomo was pretty terrific--especially the Margherita! I think I would agree with the current Yelp average of 4.5-stars, but I think I'll round it down to 4 because I just don't see myself wanting to come back the next day--which is usually one of my criteria for a 5-star rating. Plus, the Sausage pricing left kind of a bad taste in my mouth, but nevertheless, Pomo gets a huge thumbs up and is highly recommended.
5	After a date to the Phoenix Symphony, we walked a bit to find this small and well reviewed pizza place. We had never been until tonight. This may be my new favorite restaurant. It's so phenomenal that even writing this review creates a division in me because I want to keep it a secret BUT more than that I want it to thrive. Wow. Literally the best service I've had possibly in my life, the freshest caprese salad of my life, easily one of the top 3 pizzas of my life (we ordered the pomo which is mushrooms, red bell peppers, onions, and sausage... It's much better than it sounds) and some very good ambiance. We ate outside and the weather happened to be ideal. (March nights are great) The bar next door had enjoyable live music too. I am shocked that this place is all around as great as it is.If you can, stop by with an open mind and an empty stomach. You will not be disappointed. Possibly best of all, the bill for both of us to eat very well: 26 bucks.  Wow. *standing ovation* Bravo! Encore!
5	Oh dear lord this place is good.I go to the turf more often than I'd care to admit and I've always wondered what the food here was like.  I'm really picky when it comes to pizza or italian food as most places tend to put way too much sugar in their marinara.  A friend and I wanted to try some place neither of us had been and I'd heard good things about this place from some friends so I decided to give it a try.  We ordered a salad, pizza and a couple drinks.  We were both blown away with not only the service but the food as well.  There are a couple of artisan pizza places not that far from Pomo that get a lot of attention but I'm honestly not a fan.  Pomo is hands down my favorite pizza place in AZ.
4	First of all the service was really good. Our drinks never hit empty. Our food was out in a timely manner and did not disappoint. Pizza was great and the Pana Cota is excellent. Eat it!!
5	Pomo, I love you.  The dinning experience at Pomo was amazing.  Although the restaurant was fairly busy, we received our pizza's very quickly. The pizza's were hot and delicious.  The service was exceptional and it didn't hurt that our waiter was Italian; his accent was delicious ;)
5	If I could give 10 stars, I would. A friend and I literally stumbled upon this pizzeria on our attempt to make it to Crescent Ballroom. We sat at the bar, had a bottle of wine (great Italian variety) with amazing apptizers, we almost past on pizza until we noticed the owner watching every pizza cook individually and making sure each one got just enough heat . Finallly people in AZ who know pizza. Thank you. Traditional pizza done right.
5	Wow, definitely some of the best pizza in the valley! Tuesdays are 1/2 priced bottles of wine. Make sure to try the traditional pizzas!
5	This review will be very simple for all you skeptics or having one of those yelp days looking for best places to eat:Hands down...best...margherita pizza...I...have had...in...my life!  The periods were meant to be slow and long pauses building up to the excitement.  I have been to Italy, and this pizza is authentic as it gets.Lastly, I love desserts.  Therefore, Hands down...best...cannoli...I...Actually, this is supposed to be short.  As a result, their cannoli's are friggin' delicious.Please go to this place.  Great atmosphere.  Owners are great.  Food is good.We will see you again Pomo!
5	If you are looking for the best and most authentic pizza in phoenix, look no further. I have been here three times and every time they seem to raise the bar. The Pizza is amazing, authentic ingredients, and authentic tastes. The atmosphere is also good as it is easy to be comfortable and relaxed here especially with guests. The decor is Italian, the waiters speak Italian, and the alcohol is Italian. Try the tiramisu it will blow your mind.
5	I had been looking so forward to dining here, and was not the least bit disappointed.  The service was incredibly friendly, the food delicious and the ambience cozy enough.  Our server might have been new as I ended up having to open the bottle of wine for her.  A funny moment, though I can imagine some stuffy customers not being so patient.  The night was capped off by a visit from the owner with two shots of limoncello and some delicious powdered sugar covered fried dough.  My lovely date and I argue to this day about what they were called.
5	I've been here 3 times and each time was very good. The pizza is exceptional and makes going to Bianco's seem merely trendy. Small seating area, so leave your number with the hostess and grab a beer at the Irish bar next door. Parking is TERRIBLE and you'd think the city of Phoenix wants to kill downtown business.Overall, I would suggest this restaurant downtown any time. You have to try the lemocello (sp?) too. It's amazing!
2	Remember when Pomo used to occupy that touristy faux-Mediterranean space in the most upscale part of Scottsdale?  They served one of the best Napoletana pizzas I have ever had in one of the most pretentious, snooty atmospheres imaginable.  I am thrilled to report that my experience with the downtown Pomo was not at all the same.Having just walked from Cibo, where we enjoyed a decent pie (I'm still not convinced that Cibo comes anywhere close to its level of hype), we stepped into Pomo, expecting to be lambasted with stucco, fake accents, and photos of Florence.  Imagine our surprise when it turned out to be... trendy?  That's right, it was modern decor, and the waitstaff was of the hipster variety.  Wow, that was unexpected!My biggest problem with the original store had been taken care of.  This was turning out to be an excellent dining experience.  We then ordered our pie, expecting the same quality we had enjoyed from the old Scottsdale oven.Nope.What happened?  The pizza was not adequately soupy.  It lacked the amazing flavor and attention to detail that made it somewhat worthwhile to brave Scottsdale's most self-absorbed patrons.  In short, it was underwhelming. After we left here, we proceeded to walk right down the street to La Piazza Locale (also VPN certified), for our third and best pie of the evening.  I suggest you do the same.  They have the same modern vibe with a much better Napoletana pie.
5	Stopped in on our way to a concert based solely on the appearance of the inviting patio. Duvel on tap, nice decor and some very tasty pizza. The owner even stopped by to check on us. I'll be back for sure!
4	The only reason that this is not a 5 star review ? Because the Pub next door serves the 2nd worst pint of Guinness in Arizona (Rula Bula) . Pomo  Primo , Gratzie .
5	Talk about AMAZING, this place knocked my socks off! The Phoenix location is not a very big restaurant but it has HUGE character. I sat outside because it was a lovely evening and a little quieter too. The service was excellent, our glasses did not go dry and our plates promptly cleared when finished. The waitress was on the ball and did not leave us for to long but let us alone enough to enjoy our evening.  I started the meal with the Romana Insalate which was romaine lettuce with Pomo's home dressing and shaved parmigiano cheese. The salad was fresh, the dressing superb and the shaved cheese topped it off nicely. The portion is large enough to share with another. For the main dish I had the Bufala Verace which was a step up from the normal margherita style pizza. It had the freshest sauce and imported bufala mozzarella that was so creamy it just melted in my mouth. Topped with fresh basil too, seriously this pizza was something to write home about. WoW does not even come close to the awesomeness that danced on my tongue!Dessert was molto perfetto!! The tiramisu is worth getting, the portion is gigantic and is definitely a share with your friends dessert. It was light and sweet and the berries on the side added to the perfect mix with the coffee and chocolate flavors.The owner is such a sweet man, at the end of our meal he offered some of his homemade limoncello. It was a sweet, creamy lemon mixture with a hint of vanilla (i think.) He should really put this amazing stuff over vanilla bean ice-cream and berries, it would make a great dessert.   This evenings meal could not have been any better. I wholeheartedly recommend trying this place, you will not be disappointed!
4	Fantastic food & drink. Great selection of lunch and dinner foods. The patio seating and bar are fantastic.
5	Perfect Thursday night dinner at this awesome pizzeria. Started off with sitting outside on a cool April evening. Draft ale and glass of red wine. We tried the mango salad and a Don Alfonso pizza. Both were great. The pizza's sausage was the star as well as the pizza sauce. The crust was soft with just the right amount of crunch. We followed this up with panna cotta which as a non-dessert person was also great. The crunchy pie crust with powder was exceptional and they gave us extra.  Lastly,  The owner/manager greeted us with a shot each of limonchello and it was terrific.  Couldn't ask for more. Great night. Great dinner.
5	They make a de margarita . They make a de pizza pie  . You wanna de pepperoni or you wanna  de plain pizza pie .They make a de perfect pizza in them we all should  trust .you wanna  de thick pizza then go to pizza hut . Primo Pomo Pizzeria  .
5	Excellent food, incredible customer service. The owner and staff are so hospitable, it feels just like Italy. Food 10/10 staff 10/10 experience 10/10. I cannot wait to come back.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars as I have given Bianco and Cibo. Excellent pizza that nestles itself nicely between the crusts of Bianco and Cibo.Bianco = paper thin, irregular shaped pies with crunchy (no doughy) crust that's a little burned in a spot with or two with big bubbles and fantastically fresh ingredientsCibo = crust about as thick as two nickles with the outside wonderfully flavored and small "bubbles" and chewy and fantastically fresh ingredientsPomo = nickle thick bottom with outside crust right smack in the middle between the above two. Medium bubbles here. Again.. fantastically fresh ingredients. Their slices of pepperoni are thicker but smaller around than the other twoReally just depends on your mood that day. Reasonably priced like the rest and awesome pie.
5	Fantastic food, atmosphere, and staff. We had amazing service through our entire visit and the food and drinks were wonderful. A great place to visit for date night before heading over to FilmBar to catch a flick.
5	Delicious wood fired pizza with maxing key friendly staff. Great bottle of wine. All topped off with complementary, homemade Lemoncello. Perfect dinner after all day hiking. This was our first trip but made it onto the "must return" list.
5	Hands down, best pizza in Phoenix.We've tried several of the eateries around town, becoming regulars at Federal and Parlor. But it's not even in the same league.It's been a long time since I had a high quality piece of Italian pie. Throw in the fact that cannolis are on the dessert menu and my craving for pizza Saturday night was sky high. Not far from our house, we figured we better try it now before we move.We arrive on a decent weather night around 6:30. The place is packed. 45 minute wait for a table, or sit now at the bar. We opt for the bar as it's just the two of us and we are hungry.Start with caprese (so delicious and the mozz is amazing). Yum.Two pizzas. Husband demolishes his. I finish half because, ahem, I want cannoli.Both amazing. Well, mine was great (Margherita), I never got a chance to try husbands.OMG, the cannoli. I haven't had cannoli since Sicily in 2009. I was SO FREAKING HAPPY. I want them now. I want them all the time. Knowing that I can get cannoli like that here in Phoenix is dangerous knowledge.We've got about 3 weeks before we leave Phoenix. We'll be back.
5	This place is amazing!!  Best pizza in town!  Staff is super friendly and food comes out fast.  Owner is fantastic and makes sure everyone is happy.  Cannot say enough about this place.  Take-out is just as good as when I'm at the restaurant.
5	Here it is - a 5 star review begging for a 6th. This place earned it. I don't expect to find another place this good for a long time. They set the bar too high.After other plans fell apart, my girlfriend and I wandered in and were greeted with very nice service, which continued for the whole evening.We started with drinks and crostini/I-don't-remember-what-they-called-it. The beer selection was strong but not too extensive. I prefer having an absurd number of choices, but this place isn't a beer garden and I found something I liked. If the entire meal had been as good as the crostini I might have given this review "only" 4 stars.The pizza was outstanding. We got a white pizza, and it was easily one of the best pizzas either of us had ever been lucky enough to taste. It was probably the best I've ever had. I was blown away.It was almost closing time when we finished. First, our waitress brought us a free plate of sugar-dusted fried desert "chips" (see the photo), and then the head chef came around with complimentary shots of limoncello. It was a fantastic end to the meal.Do yourself (and maybe your significant other) a favor and check out this amazing restaurant.
5	Run, don't walk, to Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana. Go for the tasty pizza, great salads and roasted vegetables. Appreciate the professional service, nice large wine glasses - with a reasonable pour- and generosity of limoncello for dessert.  Thank you for not rushing our enjoyment of your food and our company!
5	Pomo was an excellent choice for us to celebrate our 5 year anniversary! We went on a Saturday night around 5:30 and there was no wait. Literally 5 minutes after we walked in though we would've been waiting. The service was excellent and the owner even brought us a special anniversary treat on the house! The pizza was delicious too. The bruschetta was very different than any others I've had before. Not bad, just different. We probably wouldn't order it again. The ambiance is also very charming. We had a wonderful time!
5	OMG i love this place.. we came upon it.. by accident.. A drunk nite at the USAirways center after Jeff Dunham.. and we took a bike taxi to a "pizza place" this is where he brought us.. and OMG we are from NY and love pizza and this is the best pizza we have had since we moved to the valley!!! we have been back a few times since then and its still as GREAT! awesome pizza.. they give these airy sugary dessert strips of yummy goodness! with a shot of lemoncello.. omg its belisimo!!! this is so awesome.. words dont even express how great it is!! :) love love love this place! we always order and extra pizza just to bring home with us.. its that goodi can't wait to go back.. think i might go tomorrow.. :)
4	Food was excellent. We had two salads they were both great. One was similar to a caeser. It was yummy! The second was the pollo salad. It had chicken, avocado, pine nuts and a lemon dressing. It was my favorite out of the two. We then had a couple pizzas. I must say that all the ingredients were so fresh. It was really good food. The reason for the four stars was our service. While the food came out timely, the server seemed like she disliked her job. She wasn't very friendly and she was often MIA. Took a while to get our check too. Lastly we got desserts and they were great too! I would definitely go back. Hopefully we have a better waitress next time.
4	This is definitely a solid place.  We had the chicken salad and the primo(?) - prosciutto, arugula, parmesan pizza.  The dressing for the salad was better balanced than most places which I definitely noticed (my tongue is very sensitive to acidic and salty food).  The pizza was tasty, though it had a bit too much ash and burn on it for my taste.  The pizza also had a tough time holding together for bites, smaller pieces of prosciutto should help.  The free limoncello shots and powder sugar dusted fried dough were a nice touch to make this place stand out.  I think I like Cibo better, but this place is a solid second for this type of pizza.
5	I entered a raffle and won a gift certificate to Pomo's. At that moment, I did not realize what a beautiful world I was going to enter. Pomo's is amazing. It's so beautiful, and the food is to die for. My boyfriend and I always get two pizzas because we cannot share just one pizza! I also love the dessert! It is just good, pretty much orgasmic, It is a very happy place and everyone looks like they are having a great time as they're there.
5	Incredible pizza. Being from Chicago I have high standards but this was so fresh and just outstanding.  If you want a taste of Italy you have to try this place. They also have creme brule and canoli.
5	We arrived at about 6:20 on a Sunday night and the place was PACKED! Luckily there were 2 seats left at the bar by the chef. SCORE! The place was light and airy and the staff friendly. We started with a caprese salad which was nice and fresh. Our main course was a shared a CAPRICCIOSA Pizza with Artichoke Hearts, Gaeta Olives, Prosciutto Cotto, Sauteed Mushrooms all on a perfectly crisp paper-thin crust. YUM. Watching the chef/owner make a staggering number of pizzas in very little time works up an appetite, at least for us, so we even though everyone was given a complimentary dessert of thin crispy strips of pastry with powdered sugar which we loved, we ordered dessert. We shared a semi-fredo that was cool and a perfect ending to our meal, or so we thought.... We were delighted to receive two complimentary shots of creamy limoncello that the chef poured for us himself. TO. DIE. FOR. We'll be back and I'm going to order some more of that drink. It was like lemon pie in a glass with a kick.
5	Pomo is a hugely welcome addition to the downtown area and manages to hold its own against the nearby Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco. Great wine selection, decent beer choices, and the food is terrificl. An additional perk are the complimentary powdered sugar dough crisps and limoncello shot.
4	All you need to know - very good pizza.  And they care about it; you can tell good food is personally important to management and employees.  It was interesting to learn they are part of an international society that supports and evaluates pizzerias around the world.  Servie is always excellent.  Good wine selection, and they give you a chance to taste before you buy.Can't imagine why anyone would wait in line to go to Bianco when you can walk in to Pomo and experience wine and food that is as good or better.
4	A late dinner with sister and some friends on a Tuesday night. First time at this downtown location.  The advantage of coming late is free parking and no need to circle endlessly to locate a parking space. It can be such a nightmare finding parking spaces in downtown Phoenix.   I think the restaurant is smaller than the Scottsdale location. There were a few of large parties that night.  Luckily, we found a table near the door.  It wasn't the most ideal table since you can feel the heat from outside.  Service wasn't too attentive that night.  We had a hard time finding our Waitress after placing our orders. A friend actually asked if the owner worked here, lol.  The Bartender was awesome tho!        We had ordered a few POMO classic pizzas, Capricciosa, Pomo, and Regina margherita. I have been craving for more slices since they were at the Yelp's Downtown Revival. Kids had their cheese pizza. They wanted pepperoni but wasn't listed on the menu.  If you ask, they will customize it for you.  It came as the same as the Regina Margherita but just with pepperoni thrown on top.  Who needs to wait forever at Pizzeria Bianco when you can still have fresh wood-fired oven pizza at POMO.  I'm glad they opened another location in dt Phoenix. My sister and a friend ordered the mojito.  I got a sip of the drink.  It was on the sweeter side but still refreshing and delicious.  I would order it next time. Caution if you are lightweight drinker, consider sharing the mojito.
5	We were so impressed by this place! The space is small. My boyfriend and I didn't have reservations, and no tables were available when we arrived around 6pm, but there were seats available by the "pizza bar" so we sat there. The pizza bar is right in front of the kitchen and oven, and you can see all the pizzas being made.The waitress was very friendly and explained the menu to us, as there are three different types of pizza listed: I believe they are classic (red sauce), traditional napoletana style, and white. The prices are reasonable for what you get. The pizzas were some of the best I've ever had. The white pizza we chose had parmesan and prosciutto. They don't skimp on the prosciutto-- the entire pizza was covered in a layer! The red pizza had cooked onions and pancetta. The sauce is unique and delicious; one of the kitchen staff told us that the sauce is made specifically for this type of pizza. The thin crust has a nice crispy finish on the outside. We watched them make the pizzas; the employees are clearly experts at it. The food comes out quickly, as the oven takes only about four minutes to cook each pizza. The time from oven to table was literally under a minute-- one employee would take the pizza out of the oven, another would be waiting to slice it, and a runner would be waiting to take the pizza to the table. I loved that the owner was pitching in in the kitchen and taking food out to the tables. When one of the pizza-makers had downtime, he went to wash some dishes. Everything runs efficiently. When we were done eating, we were looking at the dessert menu when the owner brought us a free dessert. I'm not sure what it's called, but it's kind of like elephant ears or a funnel cake but more crispy dough, sprinkled with powdered sugar. Then the owner surprised us again with free shots of limoncello! The waitress told us that the owner makes the limoncello himself. It was amazingly sweet and smooth. Drink it slowly; one of the kitchen staff said people tend to knock back the shot quickly, but you're supposed to drink it slowly and savor it. I agree.When we told the owner how happy we were with the meal, he seemed genuinely happy and thankful. The staff clearly care a lot about their customers and creating a good experience. I only wish they had a location in DC, where I live!Parking is the only downside, as it's not free. There are limited 3-hour meters out front; the rest are 1-hour, so you would have to go out to feed the meter halfway through your meal. We parked next door in the university parking lot, which was $5.
4	Maybe my Northeastern roots have made me a pizza snob but I wasn't too impressed.  I realize that the pizza is VPN certified and that it has such fawning reviews but I thought it was just OK.  I liked Cibo better.  Honestly, I liked Grimaldi's of Scottsdale better.  However, their service, their atmosphere, and their deserts were fantastic.  I'm not saying don't go, just don't expect the Mona Lisa to eye you enviously as you chomp down on a slice.
5	This is an "official-authentic" Italien restaurant, and I frequent it regularly. But it is not just basic - it is gourmet.  My favorite waitress is Marie, and she waited on me today. She should probably be given some sort of award or something as the best waitress I have ever had. There is LIVE basil hanging on the wall. For real. Just walk up and see for yourself. The olive oil is unbelievable. I giant copper covered Pizza oven adds to the environment. If you care, the salads are all organic. And the optional chicken on the salads is organic raised. They have both gluten free and regular food. I have never had anything that was less than "unbelievably good" at this restaurant. On the other side of the restaurant is a small cafe that opens in the morning before the main restaurant. (Cafe is closed Sunday) It is the best expresso machine in Scottsdale, with the owner of the restaurant (sometimes) who actually knows how to make a real expresso or cappuccino. You should understand how rare this is. Note: The express or coffee you get in the main restaurant comes from the same expresso machine. The pasteries remind me of being back in Italy. You are not going to find an Italien place like this very often. *Please take it easy on the wait staff, and please give them positive feedback when you write a review. These folks work hard, and are subject to a lot of reviews online, because this restaurant is growing in popularity.One night I took my entire staff to eat here, and we were treated like royalty, even though the place was super busy. Warning:The one negative thing I would say is that Pomo's destroys the Pizza-eating experience for me when I go to other pizza restaurants. When I try eating what passes for pizza elsewhere, I just think to myself "this is definitely not Pomo's. ; - ) - Russell Wright
5	This restaurant is authentic.  Really authentic.Their pizza oven is imported from Naples!  Success.Their pizza kitchen is open with modern decor.  As a customer, I can watch them make the pizza.  Success!Their Arugula and Bufala pizzas are really good.Along with their Lemon Drop drink.I would drive back to Phoenix, Arizona just to eat the pizza here.Yes, it is that serious.
5	This place was AWESOME!We came on a Friday during primetime, but we were able to snag two seats at the bar.  The bartender was incredibly helpful, friendly, and really passionate about working at this restaurant!The pizza was absolutely amazing, and I seriously wish that I lived in Phoenix so I could eat it every day.  Not only was the bartender great, but (as mentioned in other reviews) the chef provided us with TWO rounds of complimentary fried dough and limoncella. I've run out of superlatives but this place is legit.If you live or are visiting Phoenix, I would strongly recommend you go out of your way to eat at Pomo Pizzeria!
5	Heaven, heaven, heaven! The PERFECT pizza!! Better than New York, Chicago, and Miami. I downed two pies without blinking. It's worth coming back to Phoenix for this piece of heaven.
5	We came here late after a volleyball tournament with our kids and were absolutely blown away.  This is authentic Italian pizza.  Everyone in my family loved the food. My wife and I have both been to Italy and this is as good as anything you would find in the best pizza locations in Sicily... Great, friendly service too!!
1	Not impressed. The pizza was average at best. When I introduced myself to the hostess that i was there for a "to go", she was very unwelcoming and in a patronizing way pointed at the bar.  Not that I expected an a$s kissing, but a certain level of respect would be nice. If I was the manager I would stuff her in the kitchen and make her do dishes, until she gets fed up and quits. Then she can be a sour pu$s and bring down the next place of business.
5	I have to say I was blown away with the food served. The bruschetta was incredible and not over spiced with garlic. If it was there, it was really smooth. The grape tomatoes were a different thing for me and I loved it. The pizza we enjoyed was the POMO:Italian Sausage, Roasted Red Bell Pepper, Sauteed Onions, Sauteed Mushrooms. It was fantastic! Thin crust, yet the flavor of the bread was present and complimented the tasty toppings.If you can, get a seat at the bar by the oven. Not hot at all and you get to see the process. It's like dinner and a show!To end the meal, have a generous slice of tiramisu. Perfect amount of ooz, if ya know what I mean.I don't want to forget, the owner/mgr I believe, comes out with an unexpected bonus shot of homemade limoncello and honey drizzled pastry bits. My God it was heavenly. I love, just love this place.
5	Incredible restaurant with delicious pizza, delightful employees, and unique cocktails. We have been to Pomo twice and have had an exceptional experience both times. Michelle took care of us last night, and was friendly, professional, and passionate about her job. She made great recommendations, and our drinks (the Lamborghini and the Vespa) were perfect. We started with the melon and prosciutto, which was fresh and the perfect starter. Our pizza, the Principe, was fabulous. All in all the best pizza restaurant in the Phoenix area. We will definitely be going back.
5	Delicious! They also gave us free desert and lemonchello! Great service and food was amazing!
5	Delicious pizza, we had prosciutto and arugula, margherita and contadina. All three were excellent and hot and delicious with a thin crust, yummy. And finished with the wonderful desert panna cota. And a shot of the best limoncello ice cold and creamy. We can't wait to go back there again. The waiter was very nice. Bravo for the pizzaiolo. Best pizza in Phoenix . Grazie a Millie .
5	Wow! This might be the best Neopolitan pizza I have outside of Italy. We tried 4 different pizzas and all were outstanding. All ingredients were authentic and extremely fresh. Crust was absolutely perfect. The decor and service was also excellent. I will definitely return the next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Even when this place isn't quite on their 'A' game, it's still tremendous.  Hats off to Pomo and all the other great pizza places showing up in the Valley.
5	My friend is a huge pizza lover and this is one of her favorite places that she wanted to take me and I see why!! Everything was amazing. I ordered the  Capricciosa pizza. This comes with Prosciutto Cotto, Gaeta Olives, Artichoke, and  Mushroom. I loved it! Everything was amazing except I wasn't a big fan of the olives. I washed it down with the Pinot Noir wine which was delicious. Not only was the pizza delicious but what makes the place is the customer service. Maurizio did such a great job. He always made sure that we got everything we needed and was so friendly and funny! Ask for him when you come here! So you got good food, good drinks and good customer service right? What else can top that? How about the owner coming around with free shots that he made! Um what!? What restaurant do you know that comes around your table giving you free shots!!?? Not to mention we also got free desert! This place was such a cute little spot for a date or even with friends for a great night of pizza and wine. =)
5	Absolutely love this place!  A little piece of Italy right here in downtown Phoenix (and Scottsdale too).  Top notch food, great quality, and always prepared well.  A good selection of wines to pair with your food or Italian beers if you're in the mood.  This is a must try if you're looking for a new place to go!  A few of my favorites:  homemade creamy Tomato Soup, Sorrentina, Bufala Verace, with Montepulciano wine! A++
5	I love it here. The portions are perfect and the drinks are splendid! The staff is friendly and welcoming always. The location is very cool but it is a little small. Great place to eat pizza on a Friday night.
4	I've eaten here a few times and every time service has been pretty good. Sometimes it feels like you are at someone's home BC I'm sure the staff is family, which can get awkward but food has been amazing! Haven't really enjoyed any of their specialty cocktails so I hope they fine tune their offerings on that end. If you are looking for a good pizza I would definitely come here, as long as you aren't looking to drink.
4	Just got to experience this place for the first time last night and it was delicious!I tried the PRINCIPE pizza and it was so perfect with prosciutto, arugula, and parm!  All my favorite things!Service was super fast, cute location, and I thought the complimentary dessert and limoncello were a nice touch.  I'll definitely come here again!
5	Best pizza of all phoenix in my opinion.
1	Was looking forward to try the pizza here, since my friends raved about it. The hostess was nice and sat us right away. However, we were served waters and no one attended to us for fifteen minutes... No drink orders, explanation of specials, etc. decided to leave. I'm sure we'll give it another try, but service is big for me.
5	One more visit for Pomo. This time super busy and i am not surprise pizza is outstanding and service even when packed is prompt and  fast.we tried new summer menu with bruschetta Trio delicious (smoked salmon, pate' olives, mushrooms) then we go through swordfish carpaccio outstanding flavor and end it with pizza porcini so good.Their porcini are from italy (if you like mushroowms pizza with porcini is must).Complimentary strip dough and cinnamon cream (pure heaven).
5	Best pizza in Phoenix,  hands down!!!  Chicago and New York styles should bow there heads out of respect.
4	They don't do reservations but they do call aheads which is basically a reservation. Small but cute so be prepared to sit outside. If you're not use to a lot of true Italian ingredients you may get lost in the menu...BUT the staff is super friendly and will help you understand. Food was quite good. The only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 was the atmosphere of workers not quite sure what to do. Party of 7, no seating... Where do we sit them? At the bar. Where did walk carry out customer go.. I don't know. Who fills the ice? Apprehensive about asking who gets bill. It just seemed like they were brand new.. Maybe they were. Overall good place to eat!
3	Great food and service, patio misters way to strong can't enjoy outside feels like your taking a shower, but everything else was great.
5	Sooo good! I am really picky with pizza. I have gone to all of the suggested spots. This pizza is my favorite. The crust is thin and crispy on the outside, the sauce is flavorful! We went for lunch with toddlers so we had to get the pizza to go when the stuff started hitting the fan but it was still great when we got it home. The only thing that I didn't like was the appetizer of grilled veggies. It was completely tasteless and not grilled enough and gross but who cares when the pizza is that amazing. It really is like pizza in Italy. I can't wait to go back!
5	When I visited az again I came across this place..amaz! Great food. Great service. Great lasagna. # cheat day!
5	I'll start with the negative to get that out of the way: During off hours (just as they opened) we got what I hope was a brand-spanking-new-waitress, so even though she was extremely nice, I can't say the service from our point person was anything better than OK at best. The restaurant is much better than deserving of nit picking, and since she'll be better with a little time, my rating cuts some slack & overlooks some problems with 1 person's lack of experience (for the record: unopened beers without an opener, bread and olive oil coming out after appetizers, and having to take food to go because of an organizational error on her part-we asked for antipasti & pizzas at the same time, but didn't happen). We did have two rambunctious boys getting fussy, this waitress and everyone there were very understanding and friendly with them. In honesty, this is a very nice restaurant that we probably shouldn't be bringing kids to anyway, so some of the blame is ours. Besides her, everyone else seemed extremely competent.However, the food was excellent, fresh with great ingredients. We started with the bruschetta, and although we had to split 2 pieces between 3 people, it was fresh throughout with quality mozzarella and buttery rich olive oil. The other appetizer, veggie plate with olive oil, was good-not-great, felt like I could make the exact same thing pretty easily at home. Bread on the table was standard warm Italian bread, and the olive oil provided was lacking or they forgot to bring out the good EVOO, but didn't eat much of the fillers so wasn't an issue.Bonus points for chef and staff speaking to each other in Italian, also for Duvel on tap. Great cute date place, intimate setting, cool atmosphere and decorations. I'd rather come here than most other higher end places we've found in Phoenix.Pizzas were fantastico! I've spent cumulative years in Italy, and this could be something you'd find there. Not sure if they import Neopolitan water like at some places, but whatever they're doing it seems very close to what you'd find in Campania. I got the Pizza Principe off the "classic pizzas" menu, crust was perfect thickness and salt level, sauce was fresh and tasty, prosciutto and arugula added salt and savor to it all, Parmesean rounded the edges of flavors off nicely. We got a pizza margarita for the kids, and I couldn't stop eating that either, again great crust and sauce, and not too much cheese. My wife couldn't stop raving about the "cheese-less pizza." Overall a very authentic and satisfying experience. Will be back, and even if it's a new waiter/waitress again, it'll still be worth it. Small place though, so might be a wait during weekend evening hours. Wish I had more time to try the home made Limoncello.
5	I just cannot get over what an awesome experience eating here was. The ambiance, incredible service, unbelievably good food and super fast wait time. They have this cool-looking stove that is kept at such a hot temp, that the pizza cooks in 90 seconds... mind blown. The pizza - uh! :) Perfect combo of crusty/soft dough, incredible flavor - legitimately different than any pizza I've tasted before. Then- the complimentary pieces of fried dough (think wonton meets fry bread) dusted with powdered sugar.  So very yum. I was falling all over myself to the waitstaff about how great everything was & out comes this wonderful man (manager?) with a bottle of homemade Limoncello (liqueur) & hands out shots to my table! Just ridiculous! We floated out of there, yammering on about all the people we were going to convince to go (and take us with them) to this place!Take your friends, family, go solo - just get there. It's worth the couple bucks more than a chain-pizza place. So very worth it.
5	Hands down, my favorite pizza in the valley! Beats pizzeria blanco any day in my opinion. Fresh ingredients and probably the closest I could find that mirrors the pizza we had while traveling in Italy. My only gripe is that it's not closer my home! The salads and desserts are excellent too!
5	My husband and I live in Illinois and we crave Pomo pizza, wine, lemon cello and tiramisu!  We would fly to Phoenix just to patronize this phenomenal restaurant.  One of the best...if not THE best in the USA!
5	I've been to Italy a bunch of times, Naples included and I can safely say this is the closest I've ever experienced to true Neopolitan pizza in the US.  Really fantastic:  I had the Napoli pizza and it was just amazing.Add to that the service, the extras (fried something or other and a very nice home made limoncello) and this place is an absolute winner.Can't recommend it more highly.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. From the authentic Italian food to the home made lemoncello, it's my favorite place in Phoenix. Just do it. No joke, just do it
5	My son and I loved this place.  The pizza is delicious and the desserts are fabulous.  My ten year old son decided to try a white pizza and he was converted from red sauce immediately. The service was also very helpful and attentive.
4	The pizza here was tasty, but I did wish the crust wasn't so soggy/oily.  I like my crust more crispy, at least where I can pick up a slice with one hand without the slice falling apart.  I do have to mention that the service as excellent and the restaurant itself had nice decor and was very clean.  Recommendations:  Quattro and TottoThe complimentary dessert was also a nice simple treat :)I think I would come back, and just simply ask them to keep mine in the oven a little longer.
5	This place is just about perfect. The staff is friendly and attentive.  The pizza my wife and I had was thin and crispy. We were kinda hungry so we ordered another and it was the same. The complimentary limoncello and fried dough with powdered sugar was really nice of the owner. We will be eating here again on our next trip to Phoenix.
5	AH-mazing pizza!! I ordered their pepperoni and my husband ordered an artichoke, olive, onion, mushroomTo die for. Really good. Crisp edges and scrumptious! A+++Excellent service too
5	Great draft beer options and cold glasses!  I consider myself a Neopolitan Pizza aficionado and this place blew me away. I had the Principe and couldn't stop eating. Can't wait to come back and try the others. The staff was beyond nice. Try to grab a seat at the pizza bar to watch perfection while you eat and drink. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	Simply delicious!! Amazing does not even begin to describe the food, all of it is hand made with the highest quality and expertise!! Highly recommend!! Please stop by and enjoy the Italian family atmosphere!
5	Awesome service and one of the best pizzas I have ever tried! Place also has a really good vibe to it, I got pizza to go this time but I really look forward to coming here with some friends for a pizza and a couple beers. I will be back!
5	Loved this place! My boyfriend lives walking distance from here so we headed over to grab a quick bite before a party. Fast, amazingly good pizza (we got the one with prosciutto and arugula) that rivals any other pizza I've had in Phoenix and fantastic service. Everyone who works is SO nice and friendly. Like- really, really nice. You'll see! I'd love to go back for drinks/dessert too!
4	A cute little bistro with a delightful European feel, Pomo seems like a good place for a drink and/or pizza. I stopped in for a glass of wine and a late-night snack with my husband. We spit the sorrentina appetizer which is grape tomato bruschetta with a base layer of melted mozzarella. The two large pieces were enough to split. The Syrah I had was wonderful, and my husband enjoyed a glass of chianti reserva. Both of us reminisced on our trip to Italy last year and enjoyed the beautiful patio on a surprisingly cool September evening in Phoenix. We didn't have a chance to try the pizza, but the orders for other tables made us want to come back to try them. The menu has lots of options for pizza and dessert as well as a lunch menu with a selection of panini. The service was a little slow getting the check but this may have been because we were taking a while to enjoy our wines. It's a little on the pricey end with wine by the glass averaging $8-$9 but the pizzas seemed worth the price at $12-$16 with several couples nearby splitting just one pizza. Overall, a great find for what we wanted, and we will be back again to try the pizza.
4	After going to Pomo the first time and getting amazing pizza and complimentary Limoncello and fried dessert, i raved about it and forced my friends to go.This time.. there was no limoncello. I was utterly disappointed, but you cant be upset at not getting something that was complimentary. Right?Pizza wise, we got a red and a white. The red sauce is amazing. We ate the Carbonara which was just spectacular if you are a veggie fan. And a white pizza with egg (ill look up the name and update this) I really liked it, but it is very egg-y, the other people in my party did not enjoy it.Now on for dessert. We got the creme brule and it was just spectacular. crispy but fluffy, refreshing.. great fresh fruit. Yum.
5	Excellent, by far the best gourmet pizza in AZ. This place is everything that the other more famous pizza joints promise to be and fail to achieve.  Their sauce is robust and flavorful,  toppings are top notch, crust the perfect char.  Great, hip, downtown city atmosphere.  Friendly staff, prompt service but not rushed. Thank you for finally bring a good pizza joint to downtown Phoenix.
5	Probably the best pizza that I have ever had. I keep it simple, a bit of cheese, sauce, and some olives.  This place is legit!  Cool atmosphere, great owner. Remember, good food takes a minute so do not expect to get your meal fast. It takes time to make it fresh and cook it the way you are supposed to.  It is pricey but worth it. Come one man, this aint Pizza Hut!!!Go try this place and you will thank me!
5	I went in 10 minutes before closing. I was worried that I had come in too late to order. The waiter, Maurizio, was so gracious and accommodating. He said it didn't matter, they would make whatever I wanted. I wish I could remember what I ordered because it was the best pizza I have ever tasted. When I go back to Phoenix, I will be making a special trip back to this quaint pizzeria.
4	With coworkers, they wanted pizza. I'm usually a chain kind of pizza guy, used to the bell peppers, olives, and mushrooms. This place is a wood fire oven place with ingredients that I can not even pronounce. If I can't pronounce it, it's not going in my mouth. I chose a pizza that had cheese, sauteed onions, and Italian bacon. I really enjoyed it for the tomato sauce was slightly sweet which went well with the saltiness of the bacon. I actually ate the whole pizza. Yummy.
5	This place was delicious! The pizza was great with lots of authentic choices. I really enjoyed the atmosphere as well! The complementary fried dessert was the perfect end to a great meal!
3	Over-priced. Decent, but I've had better. They need to cook it longer so the cheese browns a bit and the crust is crispy not soft and bendable.
5	This was my first time in this restaurant and I have to say that I was amazed at both the service and food. I would recommend this to anyone in Phoenix heading downtown.We will be back for sure!
5	After 4 years, I found this to be the best place for pizza. Service is fantastic, and the food is amazing. The fire pizza oven chars the crust just a tiny amount to give it an excellent flavor. Sauce, crust... spot on. Happy to have them here in Phoenix!
5	The food was unbelievably fresh and good! Love the vibe of this place and the staff was great!
3	Stopped in for a late lunch at about 1:40pm, not realizing they close at 2pm.  My daughter and I ordered a salad and pizza to split and while we were eating our salad I noticed about 5 employees staring at us.  Like consistently staring to the point I was uncomfortable.   I realized then that we were the only table left and they were closed.  I asked the waitress and she confirmed they closed at 2pm but not to worry because she has nowhere to be and we could take our time. After we finished our salad we had two people immediately clear everything from our table.  Thought it was odd but figured they would re-set it before the pizza comes.  A few mins later a lady came back and was very rude and said that she thought we were leaving and re-set the table.  Our pizza came and everyone was still staring and made us feel so uncomfortable that we shoveled the pizza down and got the check.  Again, our table was cleared so quickly and it was very obvious they were rushing us out.  It was 2:15pm when I paid and we left, not that far past closing.  I don't know how to rate the food, we ate it so quickly that we barely tasted it.  I think the pizza might have been fabulous but it really sucks I couldn't enjoy it.  I paid $30 for lunch (including tip) and I couldn't enjoy it and am now stuck with horrible indigestion from eating so quickly.  Lesson learned, don't go right before closing!  If I go back,  I will re-review this place and hopefully give it more stars!
4	I was a bit in a rush visiting this place so i just tried the pizza called Pomo. That was sick!!! Cant wait to go there again and try something more. Service was great.
5	(Lots of street parking)Not a fan of most restaurants in Phoenix, but went for a friend's birthday upon his recommendation and was more than satisfied. The pizzas were amazing. When you typically order pizza with prosciutto at a restaurant, you get 1 (maybe 2) measly chopped up pieces. At Pomo, they are so generous, which makes the pizza even better. The cocktails were great and super cute themed (Ferrari, Vespa, Maserati, etc). Our waiter and the owner were the best, so accommodating and personable. I will definitely be going back.
5	Attentive, friendly service and delicious food. Can't go wrong with the downtown Phx restaurant.
5	The Lasagne Al Forno was the best lasagne I've ever had. The Carbonara Pizza Focaccia was delicious without the tomato sauce.
5	Fresh food is to word here. Friendly staff. The Caprese is a great way to start. Then an awesome Pizza.
5	Pizza is awesome, words simply cannot describe the orgasm going on in your mouth....true story folks!!!
5	Went for lunch this place was simply awesome !!Salad was very good !! pizza was excellent  (I had the Sorrento). But , best of all ...the Panini's, The bread is made in the wood burning over .
5	Damn son. As a Chicago resident, I thought I had eaten all the great pizza I would consume. I was visiting Phoenix and this place was just down the street, so we figured, when in Rome ... We ordered a pizza, flatbread and salad, all of which were amazing. The crust of the bread and pizza were delightfully charred, but still chewy on the inside. All the ingredients were top-notch and the salad was perfectly dressed. The complimentary fried dough and creamy limoncello were just the cherry on top of an awesome night of dining al fresco.
5	Outside of NYC (and maybe New Haven, CT), Phoenix may have the best overall pizza scene of anywhere in the US that I have been to before.  I keep finding excellent pizza joints and am loving every minute of it!  I decided to head down this way today and try out Pomo.  The reviews looked great, and it was one that I had bookmarked too.  Win, win.  I drove down, parked in the lot next to it ($2.00 an hour) and walked over.  I was the first person in the joint at about 11:30am.  I was greeted by the hostess and asked where I wanted to sit.  It was nice out, so I decided to sit out on the patio.  I had a water to drink and then I placed my order for a Regina Margherita.  The first time at a new pizza spot,  I always go with a plain cheese pizza.  If their plain cheese pizza is good, you know the rest of their stuff is going to be good!  Here is how it was..............Regina Margherita Pizza ($11.95)-  This pizza looked great!  I'm becoming a huge fan of the Napoletana style pizza.  Wood fired oven, cooked quick (less than 2 minutes usually) and it makes one hell of a tasty pizza.  This pizza was simple and delicious.   Right away I noticed that it had plenty of cheese.  My first bite in, I tasted one of the creamiest cheeses I have ever had.  It was great!  The sauce was nice and mellow, the basil was fragrant and delicious and the crust was fantastic!  The bottom of the crust was nice and charred and blistered.  The crust around the edges was charred nicely yet still soft and chewy.  The middle was just a tad soggy (it's normal with these type of pizzas) but I could still pick it up, fold a slice and eat it.  No knife and fork needed.  I devoured that pizza in record time.  It was absolutely delicious!  Can't wait to try out some of their other offerings.  When I was done with my meal, the pizza cook? brought out a plate of complimentary fried dough with powdered sugar.  It was a fitting ending to the meal.  The little strips of dough reminded me of fried won tons.  They were light and delicate and just sweet enough from the powdered sugar.  Nice gesture and it was appreciated!I only have two things bad to say about this place....both of them were based on the fact that I sat outside.  There were quite a few flies.  Understandable because I am outside, but there were more than normal.  Maybe get some fly traps or supersonic bug zappers or something.  The only other slight gripe is that if you sit outside, there is a bar next door.  People were smoking out there and the smoke blew downwind over towards my way.  No fault of Pomos, just a heads up.  If you don't appreciate smoke, I would sit inside just in case.Service was great and every employee I encountered had a smile on their face!  If I am downtown, I know where to come for some great pizza!   It was fantastic and I left very full and very impressed!  I will definitely be back!
5	Holy Cannoli-this place deserves 10 stars!! A friend of mine and I were out and about for the ski pro Avalanche sale at the convention center. After waiting in line for approximately 6 days we checked out and were ravenous! We decided to go here based on a recommendation from someone in line ahead of us. This place does not disappoint. We ordered the chicken salad but subbed the homemade dressing for the lemon vinaigrette. It was a good helping of spring mix, pine nuts, tomatoes and AVOCADO!!! Bomb.com, people!!! Next we ordered the pizza with all the meat (can't recall the name of it..toto something or other)! The crust was the perfect blend of crispy and chewy. It was perfection!! As a complete surprise, after our meal a nice gentleman came up and offered us a shot of their homemade limoncello! You MUST try it. One word: delicious. I highly recommend this place!! Price: salad, pizza and one diet coke came out to around $30 pre-tax/tip. And ya know what??? Worth every penny!!
5	Amazing pizza! Amazing customer service!Great atmosphere!Fair prices!What more could you want? =)Special Note: every time I have ate here one of the owners/managers checks in to make sure we are taken care of and ALWAYS brings a free desert and shots of Lemon-cello on the house. Keeps me coming back!Highly recommend!
5	Pomo, I  you.  Came in for lunch on a Saturday.  Ordered the Regina Margherita and the panna cotta for dessert.  Every single bite was perfect!  The people are nice, the restaurant is clean.  The Regina Margherita is one of the best I tried.  They provide a bottle of olive oil on the table which I did use to drizzle on each slice.  It made my pizza extra juicy.  The pizza is fantastic on its own though.I ordered the panna cotta, something I always wanted to try.  It came out plated beautifully with fruits and fried bread with powdered sugar.  Amazing!!I would give Pomo 10 stars if I could.
4	I thought the pizza and salad were fantastic! Great flavors! And the atmosphere was fantastic!! Our waitress was spot on but it seemed like the rest of the staff were right out of the Robert Palmer video without a smile to be had... :|
5	We were downtown visiting our brother who lives in ASU dorms and wanted to take him out for birthday dinner. Pomo was walking distance and had great reviews so it seemed like a perfect place and that it was! Thank you Billy for messing with the heaters that we insisted on bc we were cold but had to sit outside. Thank you Michelle for all the wonderful suggestions and for being so patient while our family of six took forever to order. The food and service were outstanding making us anxious for our next visit....and just when we thought this dinning experience can't get any better here comes birthday desert for brother and the owner with shots of  limoncello! Thank you for a fabulous evening:)
5	This place is amazing finest italian food and the best italian style pizza u have ever had. Check out the pictures.. We walked in and this italian accented man sat us down and and explained everything to is the pizza are mad in a brick oven and much more and the chef is a genius with his art in making italian food it was very unique. But this is the place to be if u want pasta pizza and many other italian foods and the price was low per plate I was very surprised. Awesome place
4	I decided to pick the prosciutto pizza with Brie cheese.  Something on the unique side of a pizza. The taste combination is actually delicious when you can actually taste chunks of the two together.  I wish there were more chunks of Brie cheese and prosciutto. Otherwise my second pick would've been a meaty pizza.  It went nicely with a glass of Syrah. Then at the end they also gave us fried dough and limoncello! :)
5	After a couple of disappointing no go holiday parties at restaraunts downtown, we stumbled on this place. It looked like a place I had eaten in Rome and the pizza on one diners plate looked remarkably like the pizza I eaten while in Italy. This proved to be one of the most delightful surprises. From the caprese to the pizza, there isn't one thing I would change. What will keep me coming back? LASAGNA BOLOGNESE. Hard to make. Harder to find prepared well. This was it. Yum. Can't wait to go back.
5	Pomo Phoenix is near perfect in every way. We came here last weekend before a play at Herberger Theater and it reminded us sooo much of their original on Scottsdale Road. Great ambiance, with the owner hovering around, making sure everyone was having a good time. Nice!We started off with some bruschetta and plate of Carpaccio. Both were delicious. We shared a Regina Margarita and it just took us back to their old location. Wonderful. They say you cannot go back, well this Pomo's is pretty darn close to the original. Four and a half Stars rounded up to Five. Expect to pay $45 for two, including taxes but not gratuities. Enjoy!!
5	This is a great pizza place. Perfect brick oven taste at a good price. The pies run you for about 12 bucks. If you've ever been to Grimaldi's before this place has a similar taste. Best pizza restaurant I've been to in Arizona yet.
5	This is the best pizzeria in phoenix they cook brick oven pizza taste just like nyc Grimaldi's! I love the atmosphere outdoor and indoor dining along with a quiet bar area. They serve the food fast. I would recommend this place to everyone.
5	I work for the UFC and travel around the country quite a bit. My team and I find great food all over but haven't run into a Napoletana quite like this.This was the most amazing pizza I've found in a long time.Management and staff were fantastic and couldn't have been treated better.Would recommend this quality food to anyone!!!
5	Awesome, fresh neapolitan Pizzas. I also really enjoyed the antipasti grilled vegetables with an incredible olive oil based dipping sauce. Good selection of pizzas.The servers were very friendly and attentive. The owner came out at the end and offered us homemade Limoncello shots.Highly recommended.
5	This is a really cool, fun place. I always sit at the counter overlooking (right on top of, actually) the pizza-making operation.Their pizza's are great, the service is good--and the view is fascinating.Plus, you get a treat at the end! What could be better than that?
5	Great pizza, wine wonderful and fantastic service. The limecello and latte excellent.
4	A nice sunny day in Downtown Phoenix. I had a list of places I wanted to eat at and one of them was this place. I love me a good pizza every once in a while. They were pretty busy. We sat at a table outside with a view of a Vespa. The place smells so good...pizza baking in the oven...mmmmm...We tried half Toto Sapore and half Pomo pizza. Excellent toppings and ingredients. The crust was light and crisp but eat quick as the fresh tomatoes will make your pie soggy.The service was alright.
5	Mio Dio, this review is LONG overdue. I am so lucky that these guys are so close. This is one of the places I like to go when I am missing Europe. These charming little spot oozes Neapolitan charm from the atmosphere to the mouthwatering pizza, salads and pasta.These guys are definite top contenders for best pizza joint in The Valley in my opinion. Don't get me wrong: I LOVE Bianco, The Parlor and my beloved Bocce up in Cottonwood, but there is something about this place that really stands out for me and I think it is the European atmosphere.Lisa E. dragged me in here one weekend and I am eternally indebted to her for that. The first thing I noticed it that I heard a LOT of Italian being spoken-ALWAYS a good sign!I had the Pomo, what can I say, I'm simple and predictable. It was like having fresh meat and veggies, fresh cheese and savory sauce on a fresh baked crust sent from heaven. I'm not a pizza guy, I will NEVER suggest going out for pizza but these guys are an exception. Their pizza is not too heavy which is how a lot of pizza places utterly fail and the freshness and quality of ingredients is what really sets Pomo apart. I've also had the lasagne bolognese. Again, I'm not a huge fan of lasagne again because it is often so damned rich and heavy. Pomo pulls it off brilliantly AND they give you so much that you have lunch for tomorrow!They have amazing salads which are huge and full of lush, fresh veggies and their bruschetta is to die for.Lastly, their coffee kicks ass. This is what really takes me back to Europe: amazing, AUTHENTIC Italian Espresso. I WISH these guys were open in the morning because I would come here for coffee EVERY DAY!The space is great: they have an awesome little bar and a patio for the months when it's nice outdoors and some counter seating where you can watch your meal being prepared.If you haven't been here, put Pomo on your 2015 list to check out. If you're from out of town, these guys are not to be missed!
5	GREAT everyone should try awesome pizza
4	Excellent! We came by the place late and the owner was there. He welcomed us in even though they were close to closing time. The food was great and the service was very good. I highly recommend this place. I would definitely go back
5	Met up with family.  All of us really enjoyed our pizzas.  This is as close to Italy as one can get for pizza in Phoenix.  Homemade limoncello to end the meal was a nice touch.
4	Great vibe in this place. Very friendly staff. Outside area had plenty of heaters so it was comfortable even on a chillier night. As for the food, it definitely brought me back to a little piece of Italy. We have the Bufalo pizza and caprese salad. Both great. 3 people had two pizzas, caprese and three drinks got out for $60. Plenty of food. Highly recommend.
