5	The only reason I'm giving the Bunkhouse 4 stars.....is cuz, THEY DON'T HAVE PABST ON TAP!!!!!  AAHHHHHH!!!!!When you pull up to the Bunkhouse, at first glance you expect Patrick Swayze to swagger out and kick your ass.  (Roadhouse reference...it totally looks like a roadhouse, actually, it may be THE perfect embodiment of a roadhouse.  What is a Roadhouse?)I LOVE this place.....my first experience was a kick ass event called "TROMAPALOOZA"....that's right peeps it was hosted by the fantabulous film house TROMA.....Lloyd Kaufman was even there signing boobies.So the subtle charm of the Bunkhouse lies with in it's stony interior design....the absolute opposite of what you expect to find when you see the outside. (like I said....ROADHOUSE)  It's cozy and new looking with a stage in the corner.....and some rad bartendresses that need your tip love.All's I know's is....I had the blastiest of blasty times.   Good friends, great atmosphere......okay bands.  ( I thought punk, after it died, decided to kick it's own ass if it was too poppy and or the lead singer barked like a dog instead of singing...i could be wrong, or drunk.)   That aside, this place rules!!!!!So, I had to append this review.....and give the Bunky one more star.  I had another stellar time there this weekend.   So I've let go the dream of having Pabst on tap, Cuz they get such great bands in there.  I am soooo In love with "The Holograms." (www.teenaciderecords.com) 5 hot chicks singing about boyfriends and drugs.   Ahhhhh...romance.
4	Another good live music bar on East Fremont, part of the burgeoning downtown scene. They give bands a place to play, and surroundings that bring in the audiences, so big ups. Like Damon says in his review, it looks divey from the outside, but that just keeps out the reverse riff-raff from a couple blocks west....the folks with the beer-filled plastic footballs or the giant alcoholic slurpees. We love you, alcoholic slurpee people, but stay west of the Boulevard, and nobody gets hurt.
4	Emerging from the not-so-impressive surroundings of Fremont and 11th, but BH glows like a homing beacon for music fans and boozers.  I've visited the BH quite a few times over the past year and a half or so and, while it's not my favorite place in the world, I usually have a decent time here.  My biggest complaint, since I'm old and crotchety, is that I can never find a place to sit unless I get there unfashionably early.  And who the hell wants to be unfashionable?That aside, the place has character, dammit, and that counts for a lot.  (And I'm not just talking about the multitude of local characters that can usually be found packing the place.)   Decent bands can be found playing, and the BH has been a gracious host to a few charity shows in the past and that's just damned awesome of them. I ended up here one blurry night and it was almost empty.  I shot a few racks of pool with my friends and could find a place to sit.  That was definitely by favorite BH experience.  I'm obviously getting old.Oh, by the by, on Wednesday nights there's stand up comedy.  My friend Dave goes up there, but he's reticent to tell his friends to come see him.  So if you go to comedy night, which you should cause there are some funny local people, tell Dave Greek that Crystal says he's a butthead.  It will rule.
4	I've always had fun at this downtown dive bar.  They have such a wide range of music and events.  This past Friday they had an awesome jam band with "Fear and Loathing" showing on a movie screen in the background.  Had to wait awhile for drinks but it was no big deal.  We were able to get a table.  It was VERY loud, especially when the band stopped and the DJ started.  $5 cover.Past cool events have included blues night, psy trance and breakbeats.  Funny wild west cowboy decor inside... but it works.  They also have a parking lot right across the street, which is nice since it's a somewhat sketchy area of downtown.
5	Sure it's a little divey on the outside, but this place has got some great seats for watching live music (big leather chairs....so comfortable) and very attentive bartenders.I caught a lesser known band there and it was such an awesome experience getting to be so up close and personal.  It was like having my favorite band play for me in my living room, very relaxed and fun.
4	A little divey?  This place is a lot divey.  But that's its charm.  Decent sized room to see bands who nobody's ever heard of... yet.  Cool bartenders.  Video poker.  I think they have food, too.  I'll definitely be back.
4	ok venue for local music. easy parking if you get there early enough.
4	Perfect for a local band, and the cajun fries aren't bad either. If there is a neon reverb band playing there, or another local band..you can always count on a good dive bar experience!
4	This is the best place i used to go! Bartenders are really very good of here. Food is very nice of here. I always feel relax coming here.
3	Went here to see Crime in Stereo with a few friends. Real shady area, but the drinks are cheap and the music is loud.I actually loved the atmosphere and had a really fantastic night here. I'd recommend it to anyone going to see a band; the acoustics were even decent!
3	Great place if you like dive bars with live local bands. Sure it's in an iffy part of town. I know there's a rule of thumb that you just don't go past that new "East Fremont" section of downtown. I think Bunkhouse is a reason to stray from that conventional wisdom.The building itself is surprisingly nice looking from the outside. There is plenty of convenient parking across the road. I'm not sure if there's normally a cover, but we were there last night for the Three Square benefit. It was free to get in with a canned food item (though they weren't actually checking that).Drink prices weren't super cheap, but nowhere near crazy-strip-expensive. The bartender made me some strong drinks, so I got some pretty good ROI. Also, you never have to wait long to get a drink. That's always a plus.
4	This place is like playing inside a big house, the seating is great. The sound is good for such a small place. The door is usually a great price and bands love to play this place. I personally like the food here, you would think that a joint like this would have tasteless bar food, but then you would be surprised here! I pretty much dig everything about this little club! "PAN"
4	Great little bar. Easy to park. Id go more often n check out new bands if they didn't charge a cover.
3	Weird western looking bar that does metal and local rock shows. Good drinks, and what looks like good food. Pretty nice inside, but entered from the alley on the inside of a trailer park, you might wanna watch it. Once you're in who cares. Order a drink. I saw a pregnant girl eating ice cream outside...
2	Its too smokey for me. The food is really good, the drinks are weak.  sometimes its too loud to talk or hear anyone. Its cool they support local bands, but I dont like paying a cover for crappy local bands.
4	Your experience will vary! Food is pretty damn good and average in price. Booze prices are all over the place.One complaint, you can not leave a tab open. If you are paying with a card, you have to close it every time you get a drink. This is likely because of scumbags (see the clientele on some nights) running out with out paying.
1	In the ghetto, crackheads everywhere, cops drive by every 5 minutes or less, the owner is a douche bag and runs a music venue but has no concern for the music scene except getting paid off from it. This place wouldn't even exist if it wasn't for live music. On top of that the sound sucks and there's always a busted speaker cracking in the place. Horrible location with lots of crime & great place to go drinking if your looking for a DUI or a conversation with a crazy drug addict. Unfortunately they do have a couple really cool bartenders that are friendly & awesome at their job but that alone wont get me there. Ive ate there a couple times & I wouldn't advise doing that either. With so many bar/restaurant/music venues in Vegas it would make no sense at all to go to this one. I call it the Junkhouse...Don't get me wrong downtown is the place to hang out for locals but just not in the ghetto part of downtown. If your looking for fun downtown stay close to the Fremont experience. Check out Beauty Bar, Insert Coins, LVCS, Brass Lounge, Chicago brewery, & Hogs and heffers. All cool places to hang out downtown.
3	At first glance when arriving at Bunkhouse, it looks like a dive bar where locals come to for a hangover night.  The loud rock music playing in the background can be heard from the parking lot.  Before entering the door, there's a bouncer who takes a $5 cover charge.  The loud rock music playing in the background can be heard from the parking lot.The interior decoration is very dark, grungy, and has a rock feeling to it.  Although it felt a little dirty.  Being a bar, maybe that's expected.  Watching the bartenders, they seem to work very hard to get the orders and drinks.  With being busy, it's very easy to miss customers who had been waiting to order.  We waited maybe ten minutes before a bartender came to take our order and served our drinks.  Bunkhouse is known for having local bands perform for the patrons.  Some are good, while others should rethink their career path in the music business.  Though I shouldn't talk since performing their music in front of people takes a lot of guts.  If you are looking for a place where the level of noise is like a concert, this is the place to be.  But, if you want to carry a conversation prepare for your vocal chords to be torn to shreds at the end of the night.
4	If this place were in Denver, I'd probably be a quasi-regular.  Bunkhouse reminded me a lot of my hometown venue the Larimer Lounge, only with an ample outside area and more seating inside.It was also a good spot to catch local and other cities' local talent.  My Body Sings Electric (DENVER REPRESENT!) brought our group in and cover was $10 for a slew of bands, both indoors and outdoors.  They also had food indoors with a barbecue and bar setup outdoors.Not the nicest place in a hood that seemed a bit rough around the edges (to say the least) but if you're looking to escape all of the tourism of the strip and the cheese of Fremont Street Experience for grungy, divey, "locals only" type of locale, this is your spot.Also some great mounted deer heads on the walls.  Hipsterific!
4	This place is less than a mile from Vegas' downtown Fremont Experience. Once you leave the experience, the neighborhood looks really sketchy. But there's nothing to be afraid of if you act like a normal person & not a scared tourist. Me & the hubby walked there from the experience.  It's looks like a cowboy club inside & out but they play all types of music. We were there for a punk band.  I guess the punk scene is not big in Vegas, seemed only a few regulars there for a Saturday night.  We still had a load of fun and the bartenders were attentive & quick when serving me. I would get to the bar and one bartender remembered what I last ordered & had my next round ready for me before I even opened my mouth. That was great, lol. I would definitely go there again for another punk show when in Vegas.
4	Hey Downtown Vegas workers. Remember the Strip Sandwich Shop? The guys are here and so are the sandwiches (for the most part)! I have missed the fresh sandwiches more than I can ever express! I've worked downtown for 8 years and when Strip Sandwich burnt down there was a hole in my world that has now been filled! Check it out and do yourself a fresh back east style favor. Quality meats, fresh veggies, great bread and simple condiments make for a reliably good lunch. And hey you can get a beer here too! Keep up the good work Bunkhouse!
5	Okay, this place is kinda in a shady area of downtown. It kind of scary even driving to the parking lot. Once you're inside, it's a total dive bar! Cheap drinks! But I don't recommend getting import beer, they don't have that on draft. Expect this place to be smoky like any other bars.This place also has a stage, so if you're down to listen to some unknown band, this joint is for you!
4	The Bunkhouse is a great little dive bar.  Live music several nights...cheap beer...a little dingy...slightly dirty...great feel!This is a great spot for local music...as well as some out-of-town acts.  I haven't had the food here...so sorry no comments there.
4	OK - yeah - The Bunkhouse is located in the still non-gentrified part of Fremont East and you will probably get propositioned by a lady of the night on the way into the club, but what infamous rock and roll club worth their salt isn't located in a rough location? I personally don't like my rock & roll safe and sanitized.As a musician, I really enjoy playing here. The sound on stage is consistently good, with (gasp) working monitors!  Everyone that has run sound on the nights I've played here have been low-key and no hassle. Generous drink tickets for the band and a cut of the door. Comfortable place and one of the better venues in town for underground and local bands to see and be seen. I never have a bad time here.
4	Great music venue for live music that is off the strip. Amazing indie and garage bands play here as well as some punk rock, reggae, alternative, (pretty much anything that is not pop music) Cheap drinks as well, I think they have a special during certain times where you can get a PBR and a shot for 5 bucks. Not in the greatest of neighborhoods, but I like a little sketchy-ness once in a while. Definitely off the grid, and that is the way I like it sometimes. It's just a really cool dive bar with live music.
4	I'm writing this review as a person who works downtown and has pathetically few places to go to lunch during the day. The subs here are phenomenal! Hands-down the best place to get a sandwich in the downtown area. They also serve mortadella subs, which is impressive considering what a scarcity it is to find that meat on a menu. I order it every time and it is delicious.The have both can and fountain drinks. The fountain is endless, the can charges per glass. The prices are reasonable, about $8 for a large sub that I can never finish in one sitting. The Bunkhouse is definitely becoming one of my favorite spots to go to for lunch.The atmosphere is a bit meh during the day and the server is grumpy, but he's fast and checks in regularly to make sure you have everything you need. He's actually probably one of the best servers I've ever seen, just in terms of checking in and anticipating everyone's needs. Overall, a fine place to have a yummy lunch downtown.
1	After some great dive bar stops on this trip to Las Vegas . . . we one that we probably should have skipped . . . Country meet Heavy Metal . . . REALLY.Anyways . . . took about 5 minutes before the bartender acknowledge us and took our drink order . . . after that . . . she never came back to see if we needed another, or even to start up a conversation . . . too interested in the regulars sitting playing video poker.We left after the one drink . . . and were glad to see this place in the rearview mirror as we moved on down the road.
4	Another great spot for a variety of activities including drinking, eating and listening to live music. The room has character in a vaguely western kind of way. Maybe vague isn't the right word -- it's spotty with the flair as opposed to overflowing with it. If you're a band playing here you may have to contend with folks gambling at the bar video poker machines or with a TV or two left on sometimes. Shows NEVER start on time, which seems to be part of the business model to, ah, encourage a few drink purchases before showtime. They do give drink tickets to the band which is much appreciated. Also, the shows are generally very affordable if there is a cover at all. Around $5 for most. Trevor and The Joneses have played here 4 or 5 times now. Great times at The Bunkhouse!  (one complaint, they do allow smoking inside. beware!)
4	I dig it here. they have some pretty cool bands, I like when it gets crowded. I saw Andrew Jackson Jihad for punk rock bowling which was badass....i think that's all I have to say. No complaints.
5	John is an amazing bartender, very friendly, very nice, also a great place to see local bands if that's what your into. I love this place and would send all the friends here
5	This old Vegas favorite has been revitalized! Recently reopened after being picked up by Tony Hsieh's Downtown Project, this saloon-style watering hole offers a new style of venue to the downtown area east of Las Vegas Boulevard. with 50 beers to choose from and a large seating area in the main bar, Bunkhouse will be sure to draw crowds from the small strip of bars directly east of Fremont Street Experience.           However, the most impressive feature of this new joint is the large outdoor seating area, which includes a window with complete access to the bar and kitchen, for any groups choosing to mingle outside. There is also a "Tree of Life", with headphones dangling from a large tree, all of which play a different piece of music from many different genres. When I gave it a try, I never heard the same song twice.     The food here is a little different than your standard bar fare, with a theme based around sloppy Joes. Fries are offered sloppy style, as are the Mac and cheese and chips & queso. I tried the grits and gravy, which come in convenient fried-pocket form, and are served with a Cajun gravy. They were the perfect mix of crunchy and gooey, but I still felt like I was digging into a bowl of grits with every bite. Nothing felt greasy or fatty, and the flavor of the gravy was bright and fresh, instead of heavy and thick. The slider trio was also good, and I tried the pork, beef, and turkey. way better than the best manwich, and they're served with a healthy portion of the sloppy sauce. The best part about the food, though, is that nothing breaks the bank. The most expensive items on the menu are the Cobb salad and the glazed turkey sandwich, both at $13.00, and nearly everything else is in the single digit price range.      The Bunkhouse has a slew of shows lined up to bolster their opening, and it feels like Fremont street is about to finally have a location outside of the normal group of bars for Vegas locals to enjoy themselves. if for nothing but the nostalgia factor, come check The Bunkhouse out and see why downtown poised to become a cultural hub for the usually-barren scene.
5	I'm pretty excited by the freshened up layout at the Bunkhouse. The courtyard outside is a great space to chill on a warm Vegas night. The layout is conducive for some great conversations and music appreciation. So thankful to have another cool place to chill downtown Las Vegas. I'm looking forward to many a night and lots of music from the Bunkhouse! See you there :)
5	The Bunkhouse is back! http://dtlv.com/2014/08/26/the-new-bunkhouse-is-kind-of-awesome/
5	Attended Puddles Pity Party on 8/26 and had a terrific time.  It's a perfect place to see a show as there's not a bad seat in the house.The sloppy joe was the best I've ever had and the grits n' gravy were the bomb.
5	Had a great time at the new renovated Bunkhouse last night ! Both bands were great and the staff did a great job both at the door and at the bar. Loved the headphones off the tree ! What a brilliant idea :) the new decor is fresh and cultured to preserve the history but in a progressive style ! We would definitely send our friends and followers as a must do in the East District
5	Find Hannah and she will make you a java stout with chameord ice cream float amazing! Hannah is the best super fun and gorgeous red hair! Had fun hang outside in the new set up. Parking was alittle confusing had to walk around the block to enter
5	Another Downtown Project successfully completed! I was fortunate enough to visit the former Bunkhouse and I think this place took a 180 degree! Lots to do and see :)When you enter from the back gate, you'll notice the backyard FILLED with different stuff. Lots of seating, picnic tables, a piano and a tree with dangling lines attached to headsets. This place offers Silent Disco!! When you walk in, you'll notice a new stage for live music, a newly renovated rectangular bar, filled with bartenders and sitting/standing space. High top tables line the wall along with memorabilia on the wall and other olden day art. This place seems soo accommodating, both for an inside preference and outside alike. The walk is a bit far from Fremont East, however, only one block from Atomic. You need to check this place out pronto! You will love this place :)
5	When I first walked into the bunkhouse I thought it was nothing special. I walked down the dark alleyway into the outdoor area and I got a can of yella pills. Bunkhouse has a good can selection (but I've seen better) and an okay draught selection. I went in for the Breeders concert and thought the venue was nice and small the way I like my live music venues, but nothing extravagant.And then some guy started being a huge jerk to my girlfriend and I. Before anything got too serious the bouncer pulled the guy out and left everyone that deserved to be there. When his friend came up and began to start something with us he was pulled out immediately as well.So, overall I would definitely come here again. The bouncers were amazing and super helpful. Also, the female bartender I encountered outside and the one I encountered inside were super friendly and helpful as well.I WISH I was coming to the Bunkhouse September 26th to see the Haberdashers at this venue, but I have to work that night. I will definitely be coming next time.
5	What a great renovation! The place smells fresh and new. A little nostalgia on the walls of the old mural that use to be over the stage. The outside courtyard is really nice and done up with a vintage rusted truck and "the Listening tree". This tree is prolly the highlight of the place and worth visiting if you come to Las Vegas. It's really amazing with it's interactive silent disco (but not) concept. The bands are fun. Tonight was rockabilly. The food is great too. The deviled eggs are perfect, the fried chicken sandwich is the best! Perfect crisp and a slaw style sauce. My BF had the short rib sandwich and enjoyed that too. Overall, great indoor and outdoor atmosphere with quality food and nice staff! They even have Jack Sparrow from Fremont here sometimes!
5	Super chill atmosphere. Everyone is very friendly. When I showed up, was greeted by CJ, who runs security. Good food outside, good music inside.Id recommend bringing a good attitude and a bunch of friends. This is the kind of place to being a honey and some smiles.
2	Wow! The redo of this place is absolutely amazing. I love it compared to what it use to be. The bartender Casey was on point! Great customer service skills, and very awesome! He greeted us the second we got to the bar, and got us our drinks asap! I have nothing to complain about in that area.. But this leads me too the prices! When my friend and I came in, we were talking about how we love the vibe and we would totally come back.. Then we ordered our first round and that may have changed it. For a bar trying to be a local bar, I paid 30 bucks for two shots and two beers. Where as a local bar in my area, would be half that price. The only time I'll come back here is when there is a special event, and I may even car bar it, so I can save some money!
4	I came to see our friends, The Grenades, supporting them gathering up momentum.  They're a local band bit theh have some serious bavkong with tracks produced by Soundgarden and guest musicians like Josh Frieze on their album. Anyways,I never made it to the Bunkhouse before it closed its doors,  Ive only come just now in its new incarnation opened up by the Downtown Project.It's small inside with a bar and some tables. Standard bar and tap offerings and they also serve some finger foods and sandwiches. I already ate but someones fried pickles and onion rings looked quite nice. Sound inside during the show was pretty good. They need to do something about how a stage light is pointing directly at the audience the whole time blinding you. Outside though is quite spacious with lots of tables and chairs and a walk up bar. Theres a cute feature of a "listening tree" with varioud headphones.  I listened to all of them and the range was wide. I heard everything from gangsta rap (NWA), to some country to world music, broadway, creepy musical scores, classic rock and a childrens choir. This would be a lovely place to go hangout on a nice weather night. If you park on the street with the tattoo shop, you have to walk all the way around to the alley to get in. We made this mistake thinking we got a upfront parking spot. At least we didnt walk far to leave as thats the exit. I looked at the music lineup and this place has promise as a music venue worth something. I am so damn excired Self/Matt Mahaffey will be playing here for 6 weeks as Ill be here every week. If you dont know who that is, get familiar.  This place has a lot of promise. I'll update after visiting for a few shows but so far so good.
5	Great place and awesome customer serviceCharlie the bartender was a rocking bartender mixed up a great drink!Ryan our waiter was a great attentive waiter!
5	A joy of a concert venue.I went there last night to see Washed Out while visiting Las Vegas. The outdoor space is a joy for groups. Great sightlines to the stage, plenty of seating, cheap snacks. They had this cool installation with headphones hanging from a tree, with each pair playing a different style of music. The clientele was young, cool and friendly.Inside, the bartenders were friendly and everything was clean and well maintained. It was a nice, intimate venue, though the sound quality was only OK.I wish I had a place like this at home.
4	I remember the old Bunkhouse. It was still nice but the remodel is great. The outdoor portion is very nice, plenty of seating and they also have music out there as well. Plus the outdoor speakers sound great. You can order food and drinks outside and sit down on the many table they have available. They even have an old truck you can hang out in. The employees are all real cool and down to earth. The clientele is young and fun. The inside is real nice with a great sound system for the band and fans. Drink prices were very reasonable. They even have Rolling Rock on tap. When was the last time you had that? Ages. The only knock i have on the place is the lack of adequate bathrooms. They seemed to underestimate the amount of bathrooms they would need. A few more toilets and sinks would have been nice. Will go back again though. Awesome night seeing Bob Mould.
4	What an awesome little music hideaway! Seeing the venue from the street view just made me think that this place might be leaning towards the sketchy side... which threw me off because the lineup of events is quite stellar!First thing - the entrance and parking us behind the venue...which is an entirely different world.Bunkhouse is like a discovery zone! Upon entry, there is an old piano that you can play. TONS of spaced out outdoor seating... looks like chairs and tables collected from yard sales and thrift shops but it's super cool! There is also a music tree to your left. The music tree is fantastic at night! There are about a dozen headphones hanging from lights on that tree... each one featuring a different genre of music/sound. We listened to each of them and found some favorites. While outside you can also order food and drinks at their outdoor bar. We learned that you don't have to pay cover to play outside... there are speakers surrounding the outdoor space so that you can hear what's going on inside. But if there is an event, the cover will be charged when you go to enter the actual building. Inside the building is a stage (on the smaller side) seemingly set for more intimate feeling shows. There's a full service bar, tables that line the walls and a nice sized area in the middle to dance and/or crowd around the stage. The bar has seating surrounding it - kind of a U shape. They have a nice selection of beer, wish they had more draft selections, but thats the beer snob in me. Inside there were flyers saying that every night (didn't give a specific time) the draft beers are $3. :) Our first trip to Bunkhouse was for a local hip hop artist showcase but we will be returning for a DJ event in November. I will be sure to update my review then!As of now though, I am a fan of Bunkhouse. Can't wait to try what their kitchen has to offer!
5	I just heard about this place and ran home to look it up just to find out it is CLOSED!?!?!?!?!  Is this true?  Is this permanent? When will it be re-opening? If anyone has any answers, please reply. Thanks!
5	This place has been redone and it looks awesome inside with the interior. So much room inside but tons of space to chill outside as well. The lights of the sounds tree give off a great glow when you are outside. Fast and friendly bartenders. They serve food and I had eaten before I went or otherwise I would have liked to try their food as well. Went when there were two bands playing and it was enjoyable because it is a smaller and intimate venue. Although there is quite a variety of people that stopped in during the couple of hours that I was there, I think it adds to the charm of the bunkhouse.
5	The "Tree of Life" or as I call it "Listening Tree" is the most impressive and unique idea to me. Headphones dangling from a tree plays different music. I gave it a try and heard all kinds of music- hip hop,  pop, country, kids music, stand up comedy, and more. At night it looks more pretty with the lights. Originally opened in 1953, this Bunkhouse was reopened after being revitalized by Tony Hsieh's Downtown Project.  The large outdoor area has a booth for eating and drinking in the bed of a 50's pick up truck. I found that and the decor so cool. There is a window with complete access to the bar and kitchen, if you chose to stay outside. The piano outside was colorful. The food are not as many choices, but what is has, it does well. Slow-cooked turkey, pork, beef and vegetarian sloppy joes, hand and cheese sandwiches served with a bacon-jalapeno jam,Mac and cheese and  deviled eggs. The menus focuses on a sort of down-home country style that serves the rustic character of the place. I had no complain of the food either.This place is touted for indie-rock live music. There were 7 of us and we were planning to see who was interested in going inside to see the bands. It's $10 per ticket and they told us they will give us $30 total. If you decide to stay outside you can still hear the music. I couldn't stay as I had to volunteer tomorrow but my friends stayed. I love this place.
1	Next time a bartender wants to talk smack about the customers make sure it's not within ears length...what's the big deal about getting separate tabs? Sorry I had to make you work P.S Ryan the server is amazing he's super sweet
2	EDIT: I sure hope I don't get sued, like that girl who told her story about Beauty Bar a few months ago...The bunkhouse is back, and in new shiny colors! Check out their snack bar and their tree with headphones hanging from it! Looks like pinterest exploded if you ask me... The bar staff is quick, and accommodating, but it's what's underneath that irks me. Since it's reopening this summer, the management is changing hands, since this week it's been taken over by the people who are running Park at Fremont, and the all-time fan favorite, Commonwealth. So just who does this bastard child belong to? Tony Hseih's DTP? Or the new corporate hipster-vampires? All I know is it appears to be suffering from an identity crisis at this time. Don't get me wrong I've spent a few enjoyable nights here, including the Washed Out concert a few months ago, and a few DJ sets during Life Is Beautiful festival, but what I saw tonight takes the cake. I've been wanting to see Blonde Redhead for years, and finally get a chance to at what I'm already trusting is one of my new favorite venues, but after only spending an hour waiting outside with a drink and smoke in hand I'm seeing people getting yelled at by the bouncers as they're standing in line outside the bar room? Then one of the young bouncers, who dons a flat-billed ball cap yanks a guy from inside the doors and drags him down the little stairs, throwing him out the exit? Jeez, must be a capacity problem I'm guessing? Nope, I get in line, flash my wristband after being barked at for it, and get right in. There's so much standing room for the opening act, it's almost absurd that what I just witnessed was real.Not long after Blonde Redhead comes on, we may be two song in by this time, the same bouncer appears amidst this dense, passionate crowd, barking something at a guy in front of my, who I notice is toting a pretty nice dSLR-type camera, recording some clips. I gather the bouncer asks the guy to put away the cam, cause it's pretty common for venues to not allow that level of photographic equipment inside (though I don't know why they didn't check this guy's gear at the check-in/wristband stand at the entrance?). Well the guy appears to relent, siding his camera and continuing with the vibes of the show, but maybe said a thing or two to defend his dignity (I would do the same thing if I'm being single out and barked at in front of a band in the middle of a song), but this wasn't enough for that security person. Next, all I saw was him being drug sideways and backwards by his collar and camera strap by this bouncer--as punk and disrespectful as I've ever seen, and I've been around enough to see people getting arrested in the big clubs for slinging.So what's the deal with the hostility? I'm waiting on Bunkhouse to answer a few tweets. I feel like there should be someone turning people away from the get-go with cameras and allowing them to re-enter as long as they know professional recording isn't allowed. As a photographer, I don't appreciate seeing something like this being so man-handled, because I know how expensive his camera probably was and I'm hoping he isn't going to have to replace it from this event.So the concert goes on, and let me tell you, Blonde Redhead puts on one HELL of a show, and leaves the stage. Of course we're cheering, clapping, and chanting at the tops of our lungs for their return, and sure enough, after what I feel like is the longest mid-set pause I've ever experienced, they return to blow our minds yet again with two more songs... but then something else is awry. I can see the change in their faces. Their demeanors trouble me... they can't hear themselves anymore. The monitors are off and they don't know why.All the other equipment is working, and Blonde Redhead, who we've cheered in agony to return and bless us for just a little longer on stage, are all puzzled as can be... Someone said something was spilled on the monitors? Another said they weren't working? Then people started getting angry. Bunkhouse cut them off because it was 12:30 and they wanted to close...So what am I left to think after such a night? Should I ever return? I've got tickets for RJD2 next weekend, but am I going to get jumped by that flat-billed shyster if I tell him I think he's rude? Why would the new management be overlooking such an un-accomadating and hostile environment?I'm waiting for a few tweets to Bunkhouse to be answered, but actions speak louder than words, and I doubt I'll be such a loyal fan if antics such as these continues to be the norm...
2	The bunk house used to be a fun, shitty, inexpensive, dive for local music and was wonderful as such. under new ownership this once divey wonderful laid back bar now is a shining example for what a  pretentious cookie cutter  bar should look like. I do appreciate the Ada compliance. I had a 4 dollar ice cream sandwich which is hand made with what seems like french toast and caramel sauce. The drinks are expensive likely to off set the cost of extremely expensive PA Which does sound great. I believe that this "polishing" of the bunk house saloon has dissociated it with its target demographic .
3	The Bunkhouse like most of downtown has been given a total makeover courtesy of good ol' Zappos. Get used to it, folks, Tony Hseih and his army are slowly turning it into #dtlv into his personal nerdy, hipster haven.Now, we have a hole in the wall venue that serves out some tasty bites (that's right folks bunkhouse is now nonsmoking), craft beers, and serves as a space for traveling talent from bands, to sideshow acts, to comedians, the Bunkhouse tries to add punk rock to downtown, but it's just a little too hip and trendy for that.The entrance while there is a show is a little sketch which will have you walking around corners and down an alley, but thanks to the Downtown Rangers (which is just a gang of people dressed like security officers to keep an eye out on the shady handling that occurs downtown), it doesn't feel quite as sketch, but it's still super sketch.There's a permanent silent disco outside. Sets of headphones dangling from a tree, with lights making them obvious. Picnic tables are outside as well as a counter to order food and drinks.It's not the old, gross, punk rock Vegas staple, but it's still a solid venue and addition to dtlv.
3	The venue itself? Mostly the same, no real complaints. I could whine about the lack of smoking or the removal of the counter slots and getting rid of some atmosphere, but let's be real, I used neither. Glad they kept the decor, and aesthetically, it looks a lot better, good open space. Looks like it could really handle one of the more popular local bands, or else could easily do a smaller name signed band. Which is exactly what Bunkhouse is supposed to do, very good! Also, the outdoor area is really cute, nice lighting. It's well-designed as a stand-alone structure without considering the area, which is where this review is going.My biggest complaint is the redirection of traffic into and out of the venue. It makes band load-in hellish for bands, it makes patrons feel unsafe. There is a reason that nobody walks around East Fremont. It's because it's poorly lit, it doesn't feel like a place people should be walking in club/going-out attire. The increased police presence just admits that there is a problem - it doesn't fix anything. I want Bunkhouse to start letting patrons in through the front again, so that we can simply walk across the street and be inside, rather than taking a convoluted alley that we've all given a pretty unsavory name in our heads. Why does Bunkhouse complain about a loss of business? Because nobody wants to enter through an area that feels unsafe - especially female patrons. Bring back the front entrance (there is a very convenient gate there! Just let people make use of it!), and tell the hired security to stop being rude about people's concerns. In general, security there is pretty rude when they're not jacking around with their friends. It's pretty unprofessional.Oh, and Bunkhouse should probably make plans in the future to not double-book band nights vs bicycle races, because being yelled at to hustle heavy equipment across the road with bicycles oncoming? It's a poor look, it makes bands not want to come back. Otherwise, give bands an easier area to load in - the old parking lot alongside the building made that very easy, and the alley behind does appear to be able to fit vehicles, so letting people use that would be a good plan.
