5	I LOVE this place!! I normally don't go out of my way to find "froyo" but the worker outside said, "30 cents an ounce" so I was sold.  This was the first froyo place I saw with a self serve set up, you grab the size cup you want, walk down the froyo flavor aisle and mix and match with whatever flavors you want (with at least 12 flavors to choose from), then you choose your toppings, they have everything from dry toppings including captain crunch, cocoa puffs, cookie dough bites, brownie pieces and MOCHI, then they have their fresh fruit toppings like mango, blackberries, blueberries, kiwi, cantaloupe etc.  they even have bottles of condensed milk and chocolate syrup if that suits your fancy.  Then you get to the cashier and they weigh it all out for you and pay per ounce.  I had the the taro/ chocolate froyo with a bunch a mochi pieces and captain crunch.....it was the bomb!  My total came out to $3.25...I am definitely going back for some more!!!!**Get the taro yogurt with mochi and captain crunch!!!!**update: I returned once again for my taro+captain crunch +mochi froyo and also tried the coconut yogurt with fresh mango....and all i gotta say about that is....ohhhh yeahhhhh! (I also tried my sisters mango yogurt which was also really good) if I could give this place more stars, I would!
4	I for one, can live off of frozen yogurt alone! Sooo...after celebrating at the Yardhouse with classmates on Thursday, we decided to hit this place up since we've been waiting for its opening since freakin' December! Ahhh...Taro! A flavor that none of the other froyo places have! Something U-swirl, Red Mango, Ce Fiore, and Pinkberry should consider placing on their freakin' menu! It is so good! Maybe coz i'm filipino and i love that ube flavor but dayamm....i wanted to go back right after and fill my cup up some more!! For 30 cents an ounce..that's 6 cents less than U-Swirl in Henderson!
4	I love me some frozen yogurt!  I got samples of the tart, mango and green tea and topped it off with some fresh mango.  At first, I was a little disappointed -- the tart was really just tart and needed some more sweetness (Pinkberry's tart is much better) and the green tea wasn't great either -- but the mango was yum-o!  With the bits of fresh mango in it, it was delish.  It had just the right amount of tartness, sweetness and was so refreshing!I tasted my sister's taro froyo and realized that I had made a mistake -- I shoulda skipped the tart and green tea and gotten a cupful of that tasty, tasty taro! MAAAN!  That taro is some good stuff!  NOW I'm a believer!  Don't make the same mistake I made.  Get yourself some of that taro frozen yogurt!If taro or mango doesn't float your boat, they also have lots of other flavors, including some sugar-free flavors.  They also have tons of toppings to choose from and some syrups (chocolate, fudge, caramel, etc).It's also a great bang for your buck!  Mine and my sister's froyos (with my 3 flavors and her 20 or so toppings...read her review, she loves her toppings) were only about $5!
5	Oh where, oh where have you been Yogurtland...new love of my life?  You have cooled down the burning flames of a hot LV summer day!  I have bestowed on you the beloved 5 star rating!  Now go on...and make cooler heads prevail!!!I LOVE this place.  It's new, and it's located in the Town Square mall on Las Vegas Blvd.  right across from H&M.  This little place was PACKED when the fam and I went to finally try this little slice of heaven.  It's almost like a little cafeteria line, you get your size of cup (the small was still a good size, but the large was for folks with Hulk size appetites), you get to SELF-SERVE yourself (which is awesome) to over a dozen different flavors of nonfat yogurt!  Some sweet, some tart, all good!  But I'm not done!  You get to choose all the toppings you want for your yogurt!  You got fresh fruit like strawberries, mango, kiwi, coconut, blueberries and raspberrries...even blackberries!  There's also popular toppings like the mochi balls (I'm trying to say these balls are good without sounding like I bat for the other team), sweet azuki beans (please Guri Guri bring them back!), Captain Crunch, Cocoa Puffs, and Fruity Pebbles.  And there's lots more to choose from!Even the prices are great compared to other froyo places, only 30 cents an ounce!  Needless to say, I put WAY too much yogurt and toppings in my cup.  My gf did too.  Our 2 little cups weiged in at over 2 pounds!  Total came to about $10.55 after tax....ha ha!  But it's ok because it was totally worth it for some great froyo.  I wish I had my camera to take a pic, my concoction was a masterpiece!  I had coconut tart, plain tart, and taro (so so so good) yogurt...topped with coconut, mochi balls, almonds, strawberries, kiwi, and mango on top!  So good and refreshing!  The tart wasn't TOO tart, which is good for me because it doesn't get in the way of the toppings.  The sweet of my toppings with the tart of the yogurt was ying and yang, but together made a great combo!  The taro with the mochi balls go great together too.  This sure beats *tisk,tisk* TCBY out of the water.  The gf had green tea, coconut, and taro yogurt topped with blueberries, raspberries, brownie bits, and fruity pebbles.  She loved every bit of it!Yogurtland is a little small so it gets super crowded once the rush hits.  But the place is decorated nicely with a lot of modern charm.  The colors are bright and inviting, but you probably won't spend too much time looking at the place while you're moving along in the line.  But at least the place is pretty clean and the staff are helpful if you need them.  You want some free froyo?  Make sure it's not too busy and get FREE samples!  You can try all of their flavors if you want, just be sure to get the sample cups from one of the staff.  Good for you froyo beginners.You can guarantee I'll be back here soon...I'm already drooling thinking about going back.  It's sooooo good for those hot summer days.  Healthier than ice cream too, the live and active bacteria cultures in the yogurt help with boosting the immune system, and the calcium can help boost fat burning.  It can also...*ahem* help prevent yeast infections.  How can something that tastes this good be so good for you?!  Heaven I tell you!  GO.  THERE.  NOW.Live, Love, eat FROYO!
3	Conceptually I enjoy these serve yourself spots.  It was a better value than Red Mango.  However, the texture was inferior.  It was too icy & grainy.  The flavor was ok.  Once again, I go running back to Red Mango...
5	I happened to discover this while on vacation with the family. When we were about to leave Town Square, I asked if I could stop by here before heading to our next destination. I love being able to sample the flavors, and this place had quite a selection: from your typical vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry, to the more unique New York Cheesecake, Pumpkin, and Taro. I sampled the Mango classic and Strawberry tart, which was actually a little too tart to my liking. So I settled for a classic mango and plain tart mix topped with mochi and mini gummi bears. Their plain tart so far tastes the most like actual plain yogurt that's been frozen. Call me crazy, but I could seriously taste the yogurt culture, and it was gooood! Still trying to get used to how mochi balls taste, but good nonetheless. Although the gummi bears were tiny, they had a nice chewy consistency, almost Haribo-like (Those of you who have ever tried any of their gummi candy should know what I'm talking about.). It was a great first impression for Yogurtland, especially with it being close to 112 degrees that day. Now if only they had one in the Bay Area so I wouldn't have to drive all the way to Cupertino...
3	My friends and I were craving frozen yogurt right after a celebration of the end of our Semester 3 in nursing school at YardHouse. We decided to stop by this place and try their frozen yogurt. It's just like U-Swirl in Henderson, where you self-serve your own yogurt, put your own toppings, and get charged about 40 cents per ounce.Quite honestly, the frozen yogurt was pretty good. The taro flavor was just delicious. I also had their green tea frozen yogurt, but it wasn't pleasing. Red Mango's green tea is definitely better! The bad thing about the place was the fruits; they were SOOOO tarty! EHHH...They were for sure frozen...I would have given this place 2 stars, but the taro frozen yogurt saved it...
4	I really dig this place. It was cool to serve yourself and place your on toppings on your flavor of choice. Its your own concoction so you don't have to worry about any weird looks like you want to add what and what. hahaha.I would recommend this place they had fresh fruits to choose from none of that canned or syrup slot of fruit that looks like its been chillin for a minute or two. They also had syrups and a variety of toppings. There is no better way to keep cool shopping than with a cup of yogurt goodness in hand.
4	Yes....Give me all you can load in a garbage can....It 's funny because I like Yogurt. Big Fan of Pinkberry and Red Mango... But this is kinda like a Pinkberry buffet but with more flavors. It's pretty simple - you get in line - you pick the medium sized bucket or large bucket. You fill it....with Yogurt...Multi Flavors....Chocolate, Strawberry, cheesecake, vanilla, mango, peach......Yea it was a good mix. Then Mochi, watermelon, strawberries, fruity pebbles, blueberries, cocoa puffs...SO by the end you have a heaping bucket of puke and you get charged by the ounce...FUN. Then you eat it before the vegas sun gets to it and melts it into a unrecognizable pile of goo and guck. Yea i'll be back for more...Not because it's great....It's because I wanna make the most expensive bucket....EVER... 8.23 was my most expensive.
5	Absolutely love this place.  I love fro-yo and really could eat it every day.  It's a good thing this place isn't closer to my house.  This is the first place I tried any sort of tart flavor and I am a fan, at least of the blueberry which I mixed with mint chocolate, New York cheesecake, and cookies n' cream along with some chocolate chips and walnuts.  It came to around $4.  It definitely beats Golden Spoon in terms of value and taste, which unfortunately is the closest option to me.
5	Best Frozen yogurt place I've been to so far. I guess that's not saying much cuz I've only been to Tutti Melon and Quickly. But seriously folks, this place clowns! First off, they have a bunch of flavors, all nonfat, and it's only .30 an oz. The most expensive cup I made was like $4.00. The first couple times I went here I went with my failsafe: Taro & Mochi. Then on the last day we were in Vegas I got 'adventurous' and went with the Mango & Mochi...the mango was really refreshing in the 107 degree heat.
5	I love frozen yogurt and it's so hard to find a good place that isn't too far from where I live.  Yogurtland is still a tad out of the way, but SO worth the trip!!  The best flavors I have tasted are Taro, Strawberry Tart, Green Tea, & Peach.  All yummy with mochi & blueberries! Definately need to try it if you haven't yet.  It's actually cheaper than going to the places that make it for you.
4	I was mentioning to my husband that I had a craving for fro-yo.  Low and behold while we were shopping I see Yogurtland.  I just had to try it!  It's self-serve so you have a choice of about 16 flavors and get to pick your toppings and pay 30 cents an ounce.  We  tried several flavors, but we really enjoyed the apple flavor the most.
3	this is just like yogels. except full of tourists. and crowded. it is cheaper however. 30 cents an oz is a freaking great deal!taste-wise, it's not as creamy as yogels. i thought it was a bit more icy. it was alright. the taste did not wow me, and i don't like the lines.
4	I'm not into this whole yogurt trend, but this place is good and in a great location off the strip.  They had the flavors I like, coffee, french vanilla, chocolate, cookies in cream.  It's a good area since it's a nice open shopping area around some restaurants and a theater.  Cash Cow.
3	Yogurtland is located inside the new Town Square Las Vegas open air shopping mall south of the strip.  It follows the can't fail business model of frozen yogurt in flavors traditional and not-so-much, toppings, insane heat and people already in a spending money mood at the mall.  The yogurt shop is pretty basic and almost to the point of being a turnoff.  Self serve yogurt dispensers only distinguishable by the "Mango" "Strawberry Tart" or "Taro" labels above the handles.  What you do is grab a Yogurtland cup and go to town.  After loading up on any combination of flavors you head over to the topping bar to decide if you want junk food or real fruit to cover your snack.  Pricing is as easy as it gets.  A set price (i think 50 cents or so) per ounce.  Put your items on the scale and the price pops up.  There's not a lot of places to sit and the shop is usually very busy.  The Taro (not sure if I'm spelling that right) tastes like milk.  Not sure why that seems to be a big seller.  The mango was kind of bland but the Strawberry Tart was very good.  I need to go back and try some other flavors.
4	so friend and i go to RAVE movie theater's at Town Square but the movie we plan on watching is not showing due to "projection problems."  yeah, whatever !  so we opt to get some froyo to ease the pain.yogurtland is cool - serve yourself - about 12 flavors - i opt for sour apple, pineapple and heath bar.  you then throw on  the toppings.  they've got the cereal thing going on ( i still don't get that ) fruits, some things i don't even recognize.  i opt for m&m's with some raspberries.  Decent flavor to the froyo - keep forgetting when you add raspberries they freeze up quick.  cost for 2 froyo's - $7.40 .i liked it
4	I die for this place.............
4	Prime location in Town Square.  My fiance and I like to get some fro-yo and hide it in my bag before we head over to Rave Motion Pictures.  (Yeah, we can be ghetto like that!)  There are about 12 flavors but my favorites are taro and mango.  The more tartness the better!  Sometimes the frozen yogurt comes out kind of runny especially if it's super crowded and they don't have time to maintain the machines.Lots of toppings to choose from ,and at 30 cents an ounce, you get a great value!
5	Ohhhhh, so THIS is the yogurt that everyone has been raving about!I'm so glad that I had a chance to savor the perfection that is known as Yogurtland...however, I am now dammed to compare all our local Fro-Yo shops to their delights. DAMN YOU Yogurtland for being so friggin GOOD! You have RUINED me for life =(
4	Used to be excited when traveling to LA cause I knew i'd stop by Yogurtland. So naturally, I was excited to find out that there would be a vegas location opening up. Best fro-yo in town! Cheap, quality, and toppings galore. Gets 4 stars though for running out of Original Tart one time. How can a fro-yo place run out of original tart?! Check out Yogel's on the westside and U Swirl in the henderson side if you're feening for some fro-yo.
4	I used to strictly only go to Red Mango cause I thought they were the absolute best.  But after a long day of shopping, how could you resist Yogurtland?  They have 10X the flavors and 20X the toppings.  Every season, they come out with something new.  My new favorite flavor is the pumpkin spice and taro.  I'd say it's one of my favorite frozen yogurt places and way cheaper than lots of other places since they charge by the ounce.  If you're in Town Square, hit up Yogurtland!
5	This place is awesome. I got taro and mango flavor yogurt and topped with mochi, black rasberry, and strawberry. It was delicious. Total came out to be around $4. Price is pretty good considering the amount of topping and yogurt that I got. One negative thing is that their yogurt might be considered  a little too sweet, but that's about it. Peach flavor is also pretty good.
5	Self serve, cheap cheap frozen yogurt, with something like 10 flavors and 30 something toppings. That means at least 300 combinations. Yes. It is that cool. Current favorite combo? None other than blueberry + pineapple + mochi. Oh my God. So so so good. They also have eggnog fro-yo which is impressive, and a bunch of other deliciousness. Best part is, after you eat all that frozen yogurt and added trinkets known as toppings, you will still feel light as a cloud. Which is problematic if you sit there and wait to realize you want more. Yum yum in my tum.
5	I LOVE Yogurtland!  We were first introduced to self serve Fro-Yo in Oceanside, CA @ BerrySwirl.  I thought I would have to return to Cali just to get my yogurt fix...but not anymore!!!  I was ecstatic to see that Yogurtland was coming to Town Square.  You can't beat the price and the flavors are delish.  My current favorite?  Blueberry and Cherry Vanilla with a TON of mochi.  My husband likes the  NY Cheesecake and Vanilla with a TON of chocolate chips.  We both loaded up our cups and headed to the register expecting to pay at least $15 for everything we got....nope...$5.00!!!  We live in NLV so it's a drive to get there, but it's definitely worth it!
5	I usually only get the plain yogurt when I go to Yogurtland, but on my last trip they were giving out a free T-shirt if your purchase was over 10 dollars. SOOOO...I decided to add some mango and rainbow mochi to the mix. BOY WAS I IMPRESSED!!! The mochi was so perfect. It totally made my day. Plus I got a new T-shirt (I obviously made two other people fill their cups, too. You really think I'd eat ten dollars worth of yogurt). This location rocks. It is way better than any of the other ones in California.
5	I love this place! And walking around Town Square in 115F degree summers requires such a place. Self serve $0.30 per ounce, good variety of flavors, a buffet of toppings, what more could you ask for!! Well, maybe some indoor tables and more outdoor seating... Oh and the spoons are pretty cool.
5	We go here all the freaking time.  We can get dessert for a family of four for about $10, and everyone gets what they want.  I stick to the tart flavors, as all the other ones are too sweet for me.  Great, fresh fruit toppings.  My only complaint is that it gets a bit crowded.
5	Nothing beats frozen yogurt on a hot day. Yesterday was no different, at 103 degrees, I was happy to cool myself down with Yogurtland's famous treat. This place is awesome. Probably one of the best things in Town Square.
4	Our pit stop before catching the latest flick on Town Square. Taro is yum!
5	I don't like yogurt. Frozen yogurt is a whole 'nother story. Yogurtland, the current treat sweeping the west coast is an amazingly yummy (sometimes healthy) treat that also helps cure the heat in the desert. Yogurtland is a self serve, pay by the ounce dessert shop, There are always new and interesting flavors to choose from [I have a love affair with the pistachio and my boyfriend loves the root beer float]. They rotate their flavors so there is always something new and fun to try. AND a multitude of toppings to "sunday-fy" your frozen treat. Yummy!
5	Perfect treat on a hot summer day.I love the variety of flavors they have here, and the choice to mix and match. the frozen treat is absolutely delicious. I am no yogurt expert so its hard to get into the details, but I loved my experience at yogurtland. Plus, it's at a reasonable price!
5	My girlfriend and I have been to several yogurt shops in San Francisco (which there are plenty), and this is better than all of them.  They offer more flavors and more toppings at way cheaper prices.  You get nearly double or triple the amount for the same price as other places.  Plus, you get to pump the amount of yogurt and apply topping yourself, which not all other places offer.  The only drawbacks this place has is that it is too popular so lines can be 5-10 minutes long.  Also, there is no indoor seating, and there are only 3 tables outside.  It's disappointing to beat the heat with frozen yogurt only to have it melt while you eat it in 100+ degree heat...
4	I actually prefer Golden Spoon. I might be crazy, but I kinda like having someone else do the work! That being said, this place rocks as well. I tried pineapple and cheesecake flavors and both were excellent. The topping selection was awesome and the whole thing was surpringly cheap when I got to the counter. Warning: this place gets packed !
5	I'm new to the whole self-serve fro-yo thing, so I was very excited about this place. There are signs posted, showing you the proper "protocol" for helping yourself--no trying out your creation while you're in line, etc. You pay by weight, and you can add as many or as little toppings as you like. There are so many toppings, from fresh fruit, to my personal favorite--Cap'n Crunch and Trix cereal. It's located not too far from the parking lot, across the street from H&M at Town Square Mall. It is always busy inside, but worth the wait in line to create your own yummy fro-yogurt concoction. I always try to get family and friends to go there. It's healthy and yummy!
4	I LOVE this place! I LOVE frozen yogurt!  What's not to love right?!Aside from Yogels this is my favorite. Yogels is just a little less expensive as I remember. But whatever the case if I am at town square I'll stop by here. I kind of wish in the summer they stayed open later that would be nice!I'll add a few photos for ya!
3	I tried three flavors & topped it off with mochi pieces:- gingerbread: some flavors are not meant to be introduced to fro yo. It's my fault for trying to be adventurous/in the holiday spirit early/fat ass, but i was hoping for a mild ginger cookie flavor (i heart ginger.) Instead, my mouth was assaulted by a fake, overly spiced taste.- cheesecake: way too mild. i may as well have been eating a vanilla flavor.- banana- this one was pretty good. i feel like freakin' Goldilocks-- one was too mild, one was not mild enough, but this one was JUST RIGHT.p.s. i know they rotate flavors & that in general, that's a good thing, but I was so bummed when i didn't see the nutter butter (peanut butter) that made me fall in love with Yogurtland in the first place when I discovered them in Berkeley. End of bitchin' from the peanut gallery. Just because I didn't particularly love the flavors I tried in Vegas, doesn't mean I won't run up to the next Yogurtland I see, press my nose up against the glass & "ooohhh & ahhh" about the pretty flavors that will inevitably end up in my cup.
5	This is my absolute favorite frozen yogurt joint in all of Las Vegas. I consider myself a yogurt connoseiur of sorts, especially when it comes to the self serve options. Yogurtland has a superb variety of flavors, which are perfectly arranged with small placards describing each flavor. These placards also state whether or not the yogurt has had no sugar added, or is nonfat. The flavors change a bit throughout the course of the year, adding Pumpkin Pie and Gingerbread during Thanksgiving, and Peppermint just in time for Christmas. But, the crowd favorites persist, and since it is self-serve, you can get as much as yogurt as your heart desires. The next step is toppings. The BEST part of self serve yogurt joints is the ulimited toppings. Yogurtland has a vast array of topppings, and for a moment, you wish you hadn't gotten so much yogurt, so that you would have room for more Oreos and kiwi. The prices are good too-- $0.30 an ounce is less than most other places. I absolutely love Yogurtland, and I would highly reccommend it to everyone.
4	Great little Yogurt place located inside Town Square across from H&M and next to Old Navy. Yogurtland features a plethora of fun flavors to enchance the great Yogurt taste. It tastes just as good as any ice cream in town and saves you the extra calories. Fantastic!!!
5	IJustLoveThisPlaceSoooooooo much!
3	Sorry! Yogurtland..... 3 stars this time!I know you guys provide the best yogurt in Vegas but... maybe because your business is  too good or maybe too busy...... As always FIVE star for your yogurt but service.....!!! Or maybe I went there at wrong time.... Anyway! Recently they have couple new flavors: cupcake batter and yuzu tart!
5	I love how Yogurtland has so many flavors to choose from. I usually get mango yogurt and top it with mochi and strawberries.In the summer, the line can get pretty long. It's so worth the wait!Snuck it into Rave and ate it as I watched a movie one time!!
4	Love the taro flavor!  My friend told me that plain tart taste better in Yogel by lvac, but i usually get the flavor ones, and i love the taro. Not many places have this flavor. Green tea is also a good choice.
4	Besides being the cheapest froyo place in town at $0.30/oz. (even though it takes me 30+ minutes to get here), the yogurt is also pretty dang tasty! It is a rare occasion to find this place empty, especially with all the Town Square shoppers stopping in here. But, I don't care how long the line is --- walking around Town Square and not getting yogurt from Yogurtland is a crime.PROS-Lots of tasty flavors (I like pistachio, toasted coconut, and taro)-Decent customer service (I had one good experience and one bad)-Super refreshing, especially in the hot, hot Vegas sun-Most stores usually don't mind if you bring your froyo inCONS-You have to go all the way to Town Square to get some (for those that don't live nearby)-Melts super fast, especially in the hot, hot Vegas sun-Not very many seats at all, maybe three tablesAnyway, you will go to straight to jail, you won't pass Go! and you won't collect $200 Monopoly dollars if you don't stop here. Don't take that risk.
4	Came here today with my Son for an afternoon stroll in Town Square.  Together both of our cups weighed in at $8.69....not bad.I put together Double Cookies & Cream, Chocolate Truffle, and New York Cheesecake with Peanuts & Cumbled Reese Peanut Buttercup for toppings...(see pics).....it was awesome!The best part was that there was nobody in line.  Normally this place is a madhouse with a line out the door.  We came at the right time (2:30 pm) I guess.Will I return?  You bet Yo-gurt I will!
4	After lunch, there are always room for dessert; but elsewhere. More like, up a few doors up from Claim Jumper and still in the Town Square shopping complex, there is Yogurtland. With temperatures at triple-digits, I really need something to cool and sooth me. At least this Yogurtland is located in a cool and shaded area. Just like the other Yogurtland locations (I've only been to the Berkeley locations), this is a self-serve place at $.30 an ounce. And you get a choice of twenty (20) flavors. I only remembered half the choices, though and they are: Plain Tart, strawberry, Arctic Vanilla, Dutch Chocolate, Toasted Coconut, Vanilla Wafer, Taro, Pistachio, Cookie and cream, Praline Pecan, Lychee Tart and Chocolate Coconut Truffle (in which I took with the Arctic Vanilla). A great selection of dry and fresh toppings, in which I took Coconut Flakes, Vanilla Wafers and Circus Animal cookies...of course. My treat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8eSmXnZG0N1GRsqiFeU9uA?select=YSL4tTyKmmFMya9Cx-iExQThe bowl of frozen yogurt was the perfect treat to beat the desert heat.
3	I used to like the yogurt at this place but after trying the yogurt from U Swirl, they've won me over.  The flavors and toppings aren't too bad.  There's too many people in this compact spot.  They need a larger space and seating area.  It's hard to maneuver around in here.  Price isn't too bad at $0.30 an ounce. I'm not sure if this place has a stamp card like U Swirl, but if they do, they never told me about it.  Not so great customer service, I guess.
4	I've never been to a froyo place with better prices. I've also never seen people get so much frozen yogurt at once! Maybe it was just me but everyone filled their cups until their cups could hold no more. This one dude had to get a second cup to specifically hold his toppings... However, I can't blame him. It was scorching hot outside. The yogurt was thick and didn't melt while waiting in line to pay. I came three times within a couple of days and each time it was jam-packed.
4	I don't think you can go wrong with Yogurtland (as long as you stay away from the Vanilla Wafer and  Green Apple flavors). Yogurtland is my go-to place for froyo. I've learned my lesson and get original tart with yogurt chips, strawberries, and fruity pebbles. I'm from L.A. and prefer Pinkberry, but I'm not unhappy with Yogurtland. Yogurtland also gets a major plus because they have condensed milk at this location!!
5	I need to go to rehab for Yogurtland! I am sooo addicted! I've been to a lot of different yogurt places, which were all good, but was always kind of mad about how highly priced every single yogurt place was! When I found Yogurtland, I was soo surprised to see how cheap it was compared to other places! Not to mention, way more delicious than any other place! My favorites are definitely the new chocolate coconut and toasted coconut flavors, but the rest of them are just as delicious! They have a lot of different fresh toppings which is great too! Can't wait to go again for like the sixth time this week! haha!
3	This is a good frozen yogurt place (not GREAT, but it gets the job done when you're at Town Square).  Most of the flavors are pretty basic, and I've seen just about all of them at other fro-yo places (In fact, I can't think of an original flavor here, but they are still all good).  I just love fro-yo places like these where you can grab a bucket and let your imagination run wild (and when the pricing is per ounce, I don't feel ripped off like I do at Pinkberry).Overall worth the money when your at Town-Square
4	Good yogurt, had the taro and coconut flavors very good . Taro tasted like taro and the coconut was the best , put on some coconut sprinkles and mochi and enjoy.
4	Following the fro-yo craze, I realized I hadn't done my review yet for this place. We've passed by a few times but it was always so darn crowded, so the last time we were at Town Square, we actually tried it. It was really good. There were many flavors as well as options for toppings. It's well-stocked and the clean. The pricing was pretty good. For the both of us, it was under $8.00. I don't remember what I had because it was several weeks ago, but I remember loving it. It's like U-Swirl but on a smaller scale- smaller store. No seats available though, so we ate it outside against the wall, where passersby were looking at us (everyone always looks at our ice cream, no matter where we are, it never fails, everyone looks at us, wishing they had some too).
5	Mmmm- having frozen yogurt even during a very cold temperature (last night) really hits the spot. Since the seating was full inside, we had to sit outside. A loud girl (a nosy passerby) exclaimed "How can they sit there and eat ice cream?!" Of course, my husband had to say something right back, "It's easy- how do you go out with that weird hair?!" All I can say is, we still enjoyed it. Also, there were about twenty people in the little shop when we were eating ours outside, so other people had to have frozen yogurt, too. (Remember the old saying, "To each his own.")  I love love love Taro & Coconut. I had it with mochi, chocolate covered sunflower seeds (my fave chocolate candy at the moment; down to two little packages, awww), strawberries, and mango. I admit, it sounds a little weird, but it worked out fine for me. I might wanna get the same combo next time. The chocolate covered sunflower seeds kinda froze but still tasted so good. All the topping stations were filled (the fruit looked fresh too) and clean. The cashier was polite and was smiling at us (we were like "Ooh!"- like little kids). I didn't see the other employee until a large crowd commenced (maybe she was in the back); she passed out sample cups and wiped the frozen yogurt spouts down a bit. Seating is- two tables (with chairs) inside and three tables (with chairs) outside. Usually if you go during the day, there isn't a free table. So, some people just bring it with them and eat it inside the stores (if allowed).  I got so exited about the upcoming trip to Oahu (just around the corner) so when I was doing research, recently found out that there are several locations in Waikiki- can hardly wait (plus, will be posting my review). In watching the second season of "Chuck," while putting away all the Christmas decorations, all day yesterday; noticed that there was a frozen yogurt place there- could they have predicted the Fro-Yo craze? I just love these places and so glad that they are popping up all over the city and malls here.
5	It's Fabulous! It's Outrageous! You're going to love it!Whoever thought of this idea is a genius!  Delicious, unique, flavors of frozen yogurt with as many toppings as you can think of for a reasonable price.It's a self serve yogurt store where you decide how much, what flavors, and what toppings you are going to choose to create a yogurt lovers paradise.  If you haven't been yet, I definitely recommend you go!
4	The concept is genius: serve yourself yogurt (mix and match flavors), pour on as many (or as little) toppings you can fit in your cup and at the end pay per ounce.It's become so popular that one of the most popular, and probably the first to introduce the frozen yogurt craze to the United States (Pinkberry) changed their pay-per-topping protocol to fit as many as you like in the cup. Unfortunately for you, the person behind the Pinkberry counter still assembles your yogurt concoction for you. But I digress...Yogurtland has survived and even surpassed all other yogurt competitors mainly because of one thing: the taste of their yogurt. Add the variety of flavors they offer, the serve yourself concept and the reasonable price and you've got yourself a winning and TASTY combination.It's getting warm. And they brought Red Velvet Batter back!
4	I stopped in for a quick treat.  This place would rate 5 stars if they had some interior seating.  Instead, unless you stand, the only seats are outside on the sidewalk in Town Square.  With the wind howling at 40+ miles an hour, I was lucky to be somewhat sheltered by the building.I tried some of their newer flavor - Devil's Food Cup Cake Batter.  It was one of the creamiest frozen yogurts I've had.  Rich, full flavor chocolate.  Wow!  What's not to like?  A little coconut and some chocolate pieces and I had the fuel needed to see me through the 3 hour movie awaiting me.
4	I've been here several times in the past but today Yogurtland has a new flavor that warranted a yelp review: Devil's Food Cup Cake Batter.  A super rich chocolate flavor that's so great!  I also got some of my same old vanilla bean but for some reason it wasn't as good today.  Does it take some kind of yogurt scientist to make the flavor just right, because it always seems like the flavors can taste slighltly different?   And it's not just at Yogurtland, other frozen yogurt places as well.  In any case, I always come back here, perfect place to go for dessert after shopping at Town Square.
5	There are so many frozen yogurt shops springing up across the valley and Yogurtland will soon have to compete with another one opening within Town Square. So what differentiates this place from their competitors? It would have to be their selection of flavors. They have a wide range of flavors that they alternate between. My favorites tend to come and go all at once. So you can imagine how elated I was when they brought back the mango, matcha green tea, and taro yogurts. They did not have the lychee, so I got the pineapple guava, which was delicious. They have an extensive bar of various toppings including items that are decadent, rich, and then healthy for those who are watching their waistline. I love to top mine off with mochi and fresh fruits. With summer approaching quickly, soon this place will be a haven from the heat. Go treat yourself to something cool and a little healthier than Dairy Queen or Lollicup.
5	My go-to place in Town Square. Every time I'm in the area, I have to get some! They have all my favorite flavors and their tarts are the perfect ratio of tart and sweet. Which is an absolute must for me. I love me some tart.Their toppings are always fresh and well-stocked as well. This is of the utmost importance since I usually veer torward the fruit toppings and it's absolutely necessary that these are fresh!All in all, probably my favorite way to enjoy dessert around town. Definitely a lot less guilt associated with it than a brownie at least.Worth a stop.
4	Always clean, great flavors. The only thing that beats it is Josie's. The absolute best thing about these places is that you can have like five different flavors in one bowl and only pay one small price, which if you are a parent is like a god send. Then dump all the toppings you want in and still the small price tag especially if you work it right and only put small dabs of each flavor in because, let's face it they're only going  to eat like three ounces of the stuff anyway. When I think back to what my mother paid for one scoop if done flavor we were going to whinge about later plus the extra price for the one topping and only one topping... I'm amazed we ever went back and no wonder baskin robbins is ask but dead in this valley.
4	How have I not reviewed this location before? I've been here soo many times. Oh well.I popped in today before heading back out to Scottsdale, and treated myself to a treat because I felt treaty. Normally, I have fro-yo with a partner in-crime, but this person didn't make it with me on this trip. Had to do this one with my Dad who absolutely hates FroYo and thinks men should be drinking beer instead. Kidding.In any case, I had the honey tart with peaches and lychee. The toppings bar had some fruit flies. What the shit? (Willing to overlook this for now because I'm medicated from a dental procedure and I'm in pain).Service was ok. and the lady who gave me sample cups was super stingy. (4 star rating just got cut down to 3 stars). Who the hell gets stingy with sample cups? Come on. Do you NOT want me to buy your product? (3 stars now down to 2)Damnit Yogurtland of Town Square....now I have to come back to Vegas to update my review and re-like you (assuming things will be better).*Sigh
4	I'm pretty simple when it comes to my froyo. All I need is my original tart, no toppings, at a decent price, so all I ask for is that the tart flavors are actually "tart" and the texture is nice and creamy. This Yogurtland never fails to satisfy me because the flavors are always consistent. I know that when I come here, the original tart will always be the same, which is why I am a fan. The reason for the dock off of one star is that the customer service could definitely improve. I never get greeted when I walk in here and I've walked in at 11am at least 2 times already, so it's not like they're busy helping anyone else out. Not only do they not greet me when I walk in, but they also fail to greet/thank me when I'm in front of them having my yogurt weighed. The only time I'm ever spoken to is when I'm told the price of my yogurt, and that's IT. I guess customer service isn't valued very much here, since they know they'll be popular no matter what.I guess I can't complain much, since I come for the yogurt and I sit outside anyway, but it'd be nice to know there aren't a bunch of zombies working here.
5	WHERE: Located in Town Square, right across from H&M!WHEN: 11am-11pm.WHY: To grab a quick dessert after the movies, dinner, or just for plain old FUN!WHAT: I am not as addicted to ice cream and frozen yogurt as the rest of the population is, but I know good sweets when I taste it! =DSince the summer heat has already made it out of it's shell, there will be more times than once where you will crave for something cold and sweet- & this is it!!There are various flavors to choose from, and they are always experimenting, making, and putting new flavors out there for you to try! Some of my favorite flavors are pistacchio, taro, pumpkin pie (seasonal), and mango!!Once you have filled your cup to your liking, there are several toppings you may choose from. From chocolates to cereals, cheesecake bits to mochi, and fruits to chocolate syrup, the choice is yours!You too, can become a SCIENTIST and mix your own flavors in your cup! So, let loose, be creative, and don't overdo it! =P*NOTE: about 34 cents/ounce now?
5	I LOVE YOGURT LAND!ITS SELF SERVED, AND THE QUALITY OF THE TASTE IS SOOOO YUMMY:DDDthey serve free water, and plus the flavors that are sold in this place are amazing!I love how modern the designs are, and how happy the workers are =)Yogurt is a very good replacement for ice cream.Coming to this store serves you the best yogurt ever at a good price!PLUS its located in a mall, so when your needing for something cold and yummy and cheap...  COME HERE:D
4	I thought the frozen yogurt was good and the concept worked real well. People easily got their  frozen yogurt in a timely fashion and wow they were packed!
5	I'm a big fan of Yogurtland. We drive distances just to have frozen yogurt from Yogurtland, even though there's U-Swirl down the street. I love this location. Ample parking, and we always seem to find a spot right in front of the entrance. It's as if Yogurtland loves me back and knows I'm coming. They serve strawberry water here! Staff is always nice and friendly. Once we were headed there and it was about 10:45, but we were still a ways away and would arrive 10 min after they're supposed to close. I called and asked if they would stay open for 10 more minutes. The worker was so nice and agreed to stay open for us. Now that is great service! I can understand counting down the minutes waiting for his shift to end so he could get home but he was a decent guy a waited for us. THANK YOU! I will be back to find out his name. You're awesome dude.
5	I loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove Yogurtland!!!  I drive 20 minutes across Vegas to go to Yogurtland.  I've tried every fro-yo place in the Southwest and nothing can compare to the deliciousness of Yogurtland.  I've stopped trying to find something as good because it simply doesn't exist.   I'm obsessed with Red Velvet Cupcake Batter and I love that this location carries it permanently (unlike the one at Flamingo and 215).  Writing this review makes me want to go to Yogurtland right now ..... *drooling.
4	I guess when it is over 100 degrees outside, the yogurt price goes up? FYI - now at 37 cents an ounce. Still worth it and liked all of the variety of flavor choices - something to keep everyone happy in the family.Red Velvet Cupcake Batter was there, along with a bunch of other flavors. Even though one person at the register, the line went pretty fast. Friendly service as well. A topping I don't find in many places is cookie dough. The fruit toppings were great.
5	Clean!  Not crowded (well, when I went) and they had the best flavor ever - Oatmeal Cookie.  OMG.  I had it with Dutch Choc plus cookie dough bites, graham cracker topping and chocolate sauce.  I SHOULDA HAD IT FOR LUNCH instead of Kabuki's.  I also loved the Sanrio cups and special spoons.
3	First time visiting this location at Town Square. Most of the time when I walk by it is packed to the gills with people.... I don't know why it wasn't this time but since I didn't have to fight my way through a crowd I decided to give this place a shot.Very pleasantly impressed. I loved all the variety of flavors and toppings, it was clean, and the staff was friendly. All a definite must when I am letting go of my hard earned dollars!!!  :)Only down shot for me was the price... a bit steep in my opinion... but for an occasional tasty treat it definitely hit the spot!
5	If you like frozen yogurt then this is the place to go it is inside town square out door mall and is freaking awesome they change some of the flavors there but they always keep the best ones there.
5	This is my favorite place to get froyo. Period.I have frequented numerous other froyo places around the Vegas valley, yet they just never seem to match up to this one. I don't know if it's the location, or the varying flavors, or the fact that it is always clean....Anyway, the place is located conveniently in Town Square, close the the movie theaters and also close to the parking lot. What I like about the location is, you can park and walk to Yogurtland without having to walk THROUGH Town Square.The store is always clean when I have been here and the employees are constantly cleaning the area around the toppings and syrups. They are also always re-filling the toppings. Never has there been a time where I have not gotten exactly what I was craving on my yogurt.Their sherbet yogurts are some of the best I've ever had and normally I go for more savory flavors like chocolate or cake batter. BUT I do enjoy the sherbets here. There's not much else to say. It's just good froyo.
5	My favorite thing about Town Square has to be Yogurtland. Hands down!
5	After the Callaway Golf Course, we went to Ihop and then came to Town Square. We parked behind the Rave Movie Theater and walked around the Square. At the end of the walk, we stopped in here at the Yogurtland. The kids, my dad, and I stopped and got some yogurt. I had the mango mixer and guava raspberry yogurts topped with blueberry, pineapples, strawberries, and mangos. Between my dad, the boys, and myself, the total cost was under $23. We loved it.
5	Yogurtland is just delicious and cheap! Every time I go the line is out the door, but I can totally taste why. The yogurt flavors are great, the sugaring toppings are sweet, and the fruity toppings are juicy. I love bananas with my yogurt and this place is the only one that normally has them out. Just love it! They put a mint flavor back in since the only other one I had back in 08! That was a mint Irish cream which was so smooth and delicious. Last night they had a Lucky Mint type flavor which was still delicious. Also the chocolate milkshake was super tasty too. I just Love yogurt! Ice Cream shmicecream, it is all about FroYo(which I never heard it called that until Victor said it once and I was like huh...) haha This place is always usually clean and I just love their spoons! Last fall they had a hello kitty month wear I got spoons of the cat and the frog. To bad they did not have the penguin! I keep the spoons and use them for cereal or yogurt I have in my fridge. They are super sturdy and I just love them! Yogurtland is just so delightful!
4	This is the best place to go for yogurt on a hot or a not too hot day this place is always clean and cool inside,the staff is always friendly too,I dare you to try the strawberries,pistachio,and more strawberries you just may fall in love. :)
5	My galpal - thanks Ate Candy - treated me to an order of yogurt after our sneak-peak at the new Container Store in Town Square that had her craving for something cold & sweet. Yogurtland sounded just about right for that. We helped ourselves to one of Yogurland's new flavors - Mixed Berries - and Kona Coffee then topped it with kiwis, strawberries and peaches. Pure deliciousness on the yogurt's part except when contemplating whether to put fruits or not in the future, I'll lay off the kiwis. They were far from ripe and had us cringing our way through it. Despite that, it deserves its 5 stars nonetheless, given the helpful calorie labels on every single item, down to their toppings & syrups as well as flavor variety. The shop is well-designed to accomodate a handful of people and ever since their merge with Sanrio, you see cartoon posters on the walls - family-friendly and kids will love it!
5	This is my favorite yogurt shop in las vegas. Simply clean, simply delicious. Can't believe they charge so little that I feel like taking benefit from them. I dont know if they change their flavor but every time i go is like new. Like never been there before. Cheesecake flavor is highly recommended. !!!!!!!!!!
4	Taro and pistachio, that's my choice each and everytime!  Well, if I'm feeling really good, and they have it available, the root beer float is a close second favorite.  Forget weighing down your cup with fruit and candy.  Save some money and calories by keeping it pure frogurt.  It's tantalizing enough.
5	The store is very clean and the staff members were very friendly. Love it!
5	AYCE Fro-yo ftw!Yeah so its no doubt that fro-yo is one of the biggest food trends in recent memory, and yogurland takes full advantage of that fact. Located in Town Square, Yougurtland It offers more than the tart flavors that you can find at most places. There are a total of around 10 flavors you can pick from along with a multitude of toppings. I think the standard favorite is the red velvet fro-yo. I personally love the pistachio and Kona Coffee flavors. The topping themselves are what really makes the place worth the trip. They have pretty much every kind of candy, fruit, syrup you can imagine adding ti your frozen treat.I usually add cheesecake, lychee and strawberries depending on what I get. But customization is really key here. You can add as little or as much as you want. In fact, you don't even have to get ice cream, you can fill your cup up with candy and fruit if you want to. At 37cent an ounce the price is a great. I fill up my cup to the top with fro-yo and toppings and I have gone over 5 bux.The place can get pretty packed on the weekends, but its still a great way to kill a bit of time if you are waiting for friends or a movie.
5	I love this place, it's usually a part of my date night with my love.
4	What would hit the spot on a hot summer day when you're at Townsquare?  Yogurtland of course!A friend and I had a shopping Saturday last week where we visited a few places.  We decided to come to Townsquare specifically for Yogurtland.  It's a little place that offers HUGE value.  The place is clean and simple.  You walk in, turn to the left, grab a cup size to fill and get at it!  I think there's 10-15 different flavors of yogurt to choose from.  Pick one or pick all of them!  It doesn't matter, you get charged by the weight, so choose away!  When you're done, you get to choose whatever toppings you want.  They have candy, different drizzles, fruit and more!  Once you're done filling your cups, you place your yogurt on the scale and a price is calculated.  That day, I filled my bowl pretty high and my yogurt came to less than $5.  YAY!I especially enjoy getting the Pistachio, Taro and French Vanilla yogurt.  Pistacio would be my favorite out of those three, but since I don't have to choose just one, they all got some space in my cup.  I also love to top it off with mochi pieces, rice krispies and cheesecake bites.  YUM!I love the concept of offering a bunch of stuff mixed in with a little bit of interaction to create a truly enjoyable experience.  I don't come very often because of the health kick I've been doing, but when I'm looking for a sweet treat, trust that I'll be coming back!  When you're at Townsquare on a summer's day, be sure to check this joint out!
5	I love this place.  Love love love love love.  They have the most varieties of yogurt I've ever seen and every single one of them is full of flavor and happiness and unicorns and rainbows.They have this smores yogurt and a coconut yogurt and when mixed its like...happiness and unicorns and rainbows. Top that with vanilla wafers, bananas, and cookie dough bites and all under $4 = love love love love love.Thanks for being alive yogurtland!
5	I LOVE Yogurtland!  It's cheap, there are multiple flavors, and lots of toppings to choose from.When you live in the desert, Frozen yogurt is a weekly must.1 star = for having non-fat to low-fat frozen yogurt options.  There are lots of flavors to choose from and I like that it's self serve!2 stars = for having my most favorite flavors: Peanut Butter & Jelly Sandwich AND the newest flavor Salted Caramel Pecan; to die for!3 stars = for having a wide range of toppings from fruits, chocolates, cheese cake bites, graham cracker crumbs, all kinds of sprinkles, different kinds of chocolate or caramel sauces, reeses pieces chunks, mochi, and one of my ultimate favorites caramel filled cups - best paired with the Salted Caramel Pecan! Yum!4 stars = for the awesome price and 2 sizes to choose from!5 stars = for having themed cups and spoons like HELLO KITTY! :D  Brings the fun out of froyo!
1	Now, I am a huge fan of Yogurtland, I love the green valley location, and Summerlin/Centennial location. My Favorite flavor of yogurt is Coconut, but I recently bought a Yogurt from the location at Town Square, and the coconut flavor does not taste good. It tastes funky, and artificial. I dont know if they changed the ingredients, or if the yogurt is too old, or if it was left out to collect germs, but I can barely eat it cause It tastes nothing like the good stuff at the other Yogurtlands... Which is really weird.. And Im sort of upset because I piled the Coconut yogurt up in my cup, more than other flavors, so I feel sort of screwed! Oh well... not every buying yogurt from this location again...
5	High quality yogurt with great toppings. They are among the cheaper ($) places for Fro-Yo. Pure QUALITY brosef.
4	OMG!!! yogurt land its so good!! This is a spot I meet all my friends so we could catch up and talk over some nice yogurt
5	Best frozen yogurt to the west of the Atlantic, I promise you! OK, so maybe I haven't tried every fro-yo joint in the country, but seriously, who needs to?  I frequent YL too much, it's a sin.  They always present with new flavors all the while keeping your utmost favorite ones.  The fruits are always fresh, just like they should be.  The store is spotlessly clean and their staff is just as refreshing as the yogurt itself.  In addition, their prices are so cheap it pains me.  I guess the only thing missing are the choir angles. JK, they've got that too.Location is convenient being in Town Square and amidst all of the shopping and movie watching, how could you not?  YL should always be a must when in the area!
5	I LOVE this place.  I cannot express exactly how much, but it's a lot.  I mean, WHO doesn't love Yogurtland!?  Those who left anything less than 4 stars just simply do not deserve to eat frozen yogurt.  The flavors are always changing so there's a lot of variety.  You go through the line and pick what you want, top it with the toppings you want, weigh your cup, pay, and you're ready to chow down on some bomb froyo.  It's that simple.  The place is usually packed, but the line moves fast.  It is also super clean.  There's outside seating for those super nice days like today (72, baby!).  Also, the cashier always lets me choose my color spoon.LOVE it!
4	Despite making many trips to Town Square over the years, I have only been to Yogurtland a couple times. Lately I have been craving frozen yogurt often, Yogurtland is one of a handful of froyo spots that always satisfies. The shop is always clean and there are always friendly people working. I love that there is such a wide variety of yogurt flavors to choose from, I have never felt like I had to settle for a flavor I just sort of like, instead I am usually debating between multiple options. Not only are there many flavor options, but the yogurt also has the right consistency, nice and creamy, not too icy. I am the type that fills my cup only slightly with yogurt, and then goes crazy in the topping area. I love that Yogurtland offers up so many fresh fruit toppings, some which I don't see other places like cantaloupe! It may be a litle nitpicky, but I do wish some of the fruits toppings offered were cut into smaller pieces. The price is nice too, this is one of the few places I have been able to keep my cup price under $5! Overall, a very solid option for froyo in Town Square.
5	I have to start with.. I am not a frozen yogurt fanatic, but I do enjoy it once in a while.I particularly like this location because they have specials. Meaning they have "limited" yogurt Flavorus throughout the month. I am stoked for black sesame at the end of this month.When I come here I usually get half vanilla ice cream and half chocolate. Then I add bananas, brownies, and strawberries. And now they have wafer sticks, which i add as well. Pure perfection. Prices are pretty cheap too.The only thing that's kind of weird is they seem to be super stingy on the tasting cups...and when you have flavor "specials" you have to let people try them out.
5	First of all, yum. Frozen yogurt is amazing. Some may prefer U-Swirl, but I am a fan of Yogurtland. I happened to notice that you are what brought frozen yogurt to Vegas! Complements galore from me and my friends. This location is great. Every time I come to Town Square, I get Yogurtland. The lines may get long (out the door long) but it is worth the wait. Although there is Taste-Dlight very close, I have always preferred you. The service is wonderful. I can tell the employees work hard to get the lines shorter by opening both registers and swiftly/ accurately checking people out. Thank You for all your service!
4	It has been a long time since I revisited Yogurtland.  However, after dinner at YardHouse, I felt like eating some taro yogurt with mochi.  However, taro was not the only thing I got...there were so many flavors around the world!  That's what I enjoy most about yogurtland, they are dynamic.  The flavors evolved so that customers can always try new flavors.We ended up with taro, passion fruit orange guava, Mexican Hot Chocolate, pistachio and of course, plain tart.  For some odd reason, I love plain tart.  So yummy with mochi on top.Earl I and shared it and we were both satisfied with our $5ish dessert.
4	i am not a regular but yogurtland has never failed me when it comes to frozen yogurt! everytime i go there is something new on the menu! my favorite flavor is vanilla & ny cheesecake with cheesecake bite toppings! i went recently & when adding my toppings there was MOCHI! i love mochi despite being asian i think it was a great add! 2 thumbs up for great toppings!
5	Taro all the way!!
4	Really good ice cream . Good customer service . They change the flavors very often and the fruits are always fresh. Kids friendly . Very good prices
3	Decent dessert option in Town Square.Had about ten different flavors available when I went- minus a star for selection, as there was a giant standing poster advertising featured seasonal flavors, but NONE of them were available here. So weird. Why have up advertising for products you don't have?Opted for pecan praline and taro. Topped with lychee and strawberries. Appreciated topping labels above the sneeze guard. Employee was polite and informed me of their loyalty card program to be used in conjunction with the gift card I paid with.
3	Good frozen yogurt! Good customer service! They seem to always have a variety of flavors and toppings. I always end up going with the tart flavor and a variety of fruit toppings.... or mochi
4	I think the only reason why I go here is because the wife likes it...And it's right across from my Kabuki restaurant where we eat at once a week...Yogurt is OK...The candy bar and other crap you can put in the yogurt is where the money is...Who knew? At least thats why I like it! LOL Buy the way, the cups are huge, and I see a lot of people creating an Eiffel Tower of FAT in there cups...Very few skinny people in there...LOL
5	Taro taro taro how I love thee!!!! Props to Yogurtland for being the only chain in Vegas to consistently carry this orgasmic flavor. Service is always good and this location is clean!!
5	This is the best way to beat the summer heat, especially when you're shopping at Town Square. I come here every time I'm shopping at this outdoor mall.I came on Labor Day. As I expected, it was pretty crowded. The line moved pretty quickly, though.I was disappointed that they didn't have my favorite & go-to flavor: mango. I did see that they had some seasonal flavors, so I guess they had to make room for them. I had the strawberry and the strawberry/lemonade (or was it orange? not sure) combo with some brownie and cheesecake bites. It was pretty good, sweet, and definitely helped me cope with the heat.The girl working the cash register didn't seem like a robot and actually had a personality. Great customer service.I hope this place stays at TS as long as the mall is open.
4	I love Yogurtland. Let me list the reasons why I love Yogurtland.1. You control the portion of your dessert. Whether you're feeling like a fatty or just want a little something sweet, you can still fulfill your need.2. Variety is always a good thing. You can customize your dessert to be on the healthier side by adding fruit toppings. Or you can make your dessert decadent by adding chocolate chips. It's all up to you. 3. The flavors of the yogurt are always changing with the seasons, so you never get bored.4. I love the themes they do. My favorite is when Sanrio comes around. I love collecting the spoons! 5. 10% off for LVAC members.6. Good boost of sugar after you exert your energy while shopping at Town Square. Only downside I've come across so far is if you fall in love with one of the seasonal flavors, you know it's going to be gone soon. So, get it in whole you can. Otherwise, enjoy!
1	Awful taste! There is absolutely no flavor to any of the kinds of fro yo they are selling.  It's like frozen sugar water. Take lessons from U Swirl they have the best flavors! Never coming back here! Yuuuuuuck!!!!
5	Yogurtland is amazing . Simple as that . I have no cons about this place Pros. They are always updating their flavors. I love sorbets and they always have great new ones to try (Rocket Pop!) the staff is always smiling and super friendly . The prices are fair compared to other places (u swirl ) this place is Always packed which is telling me their are keeping people happy . Everything I go to Town Sq during the day time I always stop in here. Cons- Seriously?! NONE! Lol
5	You know the drill. Sample. Pick flavor. Or two...or three. Indulge in toppings! Can't really go wrong with fro yo shops. And to be honest...if it ain't Pinkberry...all the shops kinda blend together to me. But non the less...this place is yummy.
4	Yogurtland is my favorite frozen yogurt place to eat at hands down. They have promotional things going on most of the year. They roll out unique flavors for a limited time and they don't disappoint with their selection. They have good toppings and fruits to choose from. This particular branch doesn't have any cheesecake which is a bummer, but you'll be able to find other things that you like.
1	On Monday evening my family was so excited to find Yogurtland in Las Vegas. We have one near our home and love it. However, at this location they have a problem with integrity. They charge $.42 per oz and they weigh the cup of yogurt with the spoon in the cup. I questioned our cashier and he said he did not weigh our purchase with the spoon in the cup. The total was $21.57. I asked him to weigh the cups without the spoon and the total was 20.97. That is a difference of $.60. I am not one to quibble over small amounts, but I do not like dishonesty. Our cashier was Gerardo. I would be cautious when purchasing from this place...
