5	I am Indian and have lived all over the world and appreciate excellent food when I taste it. This restaurant is truly authentic. Quality food in a nice ambiance.I would say one of  the best Indian restaurants in Scottsdale.Warning" Spicy - order the mild.
4	Went with spouse for Buffet on a Friday. As a vegetarian, I didnt eat the other non veg varieties. But I can say this. The food tastes really good. Three varieties of desserts, and four options at least for veg and non veg curries. They provide complimentary masala dosa AND  Nan, so its your choice what to eat. With most other Indian restaurants, its an either/ or. The veggie bondas( dumplings) were Amazing.. Just the right amount of spice, and the chutneys to accompany them were tasty too. As for non veg curries, they had South Indian, Tamilian, pepper fry versions of lamb, and to cater to the Nan, Chicken tikka masala. Their a la carte menu looks extensive. Will go back for dinner definitely. Hope they remain true to the Tamilian tradition and offer more authentic dishes.
4	Had lunch here with Rand H. and I found all the food at this Indian buffet to be a little different then most Indian buffets. The tandoori chicken was a little mushy on the outside but was very tasty. They brought naan bread that looked plain but was awesome,they brought us a dosas for the dosa fans , I think they suck. The veggy dishes were all good as was the curry goat meat.For dessert they had cream of wheat mixed with mango and other mixed fruit and it was very good. So I will give these guys a solid 4 stars and a good recommendation for anyone that loves Indian food.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped in to try this new place, joined by Mike C.  The dining room is nice, and featured really friendly, attentive service from James and the rest of the staff!Things started with some hot Naan, which was the plain style yet buttery & tasty.  Among the next 25 items to try were two soups, Sambar & Rasam, unusual white rice with peanuts and other goodies in it, delicious Chicken Makhani, Kara Bonda, Goat Curry, & many other dishes.  Also, pretty soon a couple of Dosas arrived at our table unexpectedly.  They are an unusual treat at this price point & sorry Mike, I like them & think they're part of the fun!  Indians make a big deal out of Dosas, such as we Hispanics do with Sunday Menudo!  Ooohhh, Menudo!!  Ooohhh, Menudo!!  You get the idea.     :-)If you have kids or other sensitive tongues in your party, please know that much of the food is spicy here, such as it was at Pasand (R.I.P.).  I like spicy, & it's a high 4 Stars from here for Karaikudi Palace where you partake in the feast for a reasonable $9.99.     :-))
2	management changed and quality and service have deteriorated. decent ambiance.
3	The newest place in town which serves south Indian food. Always a rarity if you aren't in Chandler so I am glad for another option to try (The other one is Madras Anand Bhavan). Needless to say, always go for the buffet so you can try multiple dishes. The buffet here has a mix of both north and south indian food . My feedback is mixed. The sambhar was quite watery and the north indian dishes were pretty average but I liked everything else in the buffet. Ask for the dosa in the buffet, there are plenty of other places you can try Naan.
4	Yum yum yum!!!!We had yet to find Indian food we really loved since moving here three years ago but alas everything we had was delicious. We were mostly familiar with northern Indian food so we mixed a favorite of that style with a great set of appetizers, soups, and entrees of southern Indian style.  Things do skew a little on the spicy side so as others have said, just be aware and have them tone it down if that's not for you.  There were a couple of menu items they were out of but they kindly suggested similar alternatives that were excellent. Atmosphere was really nice - very stylish and modern, not what I'd experienced in most Indian restaurants. Our service was friendly and attentive. Food arrival was on the slow side - worth the wait but be sure to give yourself enough time. We were needing to be somewhere so it did cause some stress at the table that did detract a bit from the experience. Overall we all agreed we would definitely be back again soon to have our new favorites again and try some things we didn't get to this time.FYI they apparently used to be open on Mondays but aren't any longer.
4	Food was very good. A great menu. Service was slightly below average, but It is a new place and I am sure it will get better.
5	Love it.   Spicy, good selection, CLEAN, friendly, amazing food!  So glad it's in e neighborhood. Will be back for sure.
5	We were so happy to find an Indian restaurant in our new neighborhood, even more so after having a great dinner there! The staff was super friendly and attentive and the chef really knows his/her business! Everything we had was fresh, flavorful and spicy (which we ordered). A great experience and we're looking forward to trying the buffet soon.
5	I was there for lunch today. it was really excellent.  We had the buffet - hands down the best yet. They even had two different types of soups - both excellent. You will not find  better Indian dinning in Scottsdale.
5	The food was fantastic. Great service! Price for the area is good.
3	I really wanted to like the food here because I love, love, love Indian food. However, it was OK. Nothing was over the top flavor wise and there wasn't a wide variety at the buffet. It was good, but it wasn't great. Southern Spice, The Dhaba, and Madras Ananda are over the top flavor wise! The service was good.
3	Great menu selection with both south and north Indian menu items.  Enjoyed the dosas we've had so far, and some of the curries are different than what you find at most Indian restaurants in town - for example I'm digging the Chana Saag.  Service can be extremely slow sometimes which seems to be common at Indian restaurants.  Their spice levels are pathetically weak.  Hot is just not very hot.  Minor complaint I have concerns their plates because the artwork on them actually looks like dirty food stains until you take a closer look.  Can't get over it.
1	I am a blatantly honest critic and I am seriously unforgiving when it comes to restaurant owners trying to make a few bucks more saving on labor. A restaurant of this size on a Saturday Nigh should have no more than 3-5 tables per station until close to closing time, and maybe dropping a little. These guys maybe had 2 for the whole restaurant, and a busser come waitress.Here is the plus:Vegetarian DishesConsistently good Indian Food - Their taste is always pretty good for all the dishes I experienced. Its all services issues that lost them all the stars. All a result of simply not enough people servicing their guests.The negative:1) Warm tap water served (dude: ICE IS FREE!)2)  No water for the toddler more than 15 minutes after requesting3) Food order taken 15 minutes after seating4) Appetizer came during dinner after 45 minutes5) Food came out at different times for a 2 1/2 topThe absolutely unforgivable:In a vegetarian restaurant, serving Chicken Tikka Masala when the guest specifically asked for Paneer Tikka Masala. My best advice: Go with their buffet when they have it. Currently its Lunch only. If you are Vegan, double check your order when it comes as they made this critical mistake today simply due to carelessness. If you go in the evenings than go with the expectation of poor service if you are coming in during peak times. No large parties or you guys will get your food in about a 30 minute span of each other. Despite serving good quality food, I cant allow lazy owners to get a good review for not staffing correctly.
4	Very very good! Chicken Tikka for the non-spice lover & Kadai Veg for spice-lover me; mine was spicy enough with great flavors. Loved the pappadum, really liked the roti & was less impressed with the aloo paratha (seemed a little skimpily stuffed). Our order was taken by the guy who seated us (apparently not a waiter), who forgot to bring out roti & raita. Other staff were friendly, informative & chatty. Next we're trying the buffet lunch. Definitely better quality than most of the Indian restaurants I've tried.
1	Terrible. Avoid at all costs.
3	Quality Indian food but overpriced. When it takes over an hour to get your food, and you get it at the same time as the table that came in a half hour after you, you know there's a service issue. There was also a span of 25 minutes between all the entrees reaching the table. I had to flag down the server multiple times to find out where our food was and to make requests. They have a bar, but it's not stocked as they wait for their liquor license. They should lower their prices, especially with all these issues, to make it worth the trip here. Although the restaurant is clean, I suggest the Chicken Tikka Masala...to go.
1	Food is good. Over priced!!! Not worth. Service: VERY BAD. We went with our family including a baby. While paying the bill in middle of the lunch buffet, the owner adviced us not to take more food and waste them. He asked us to restrict to whatever can be only consumed. In fact, we had some gravy leftovers which could not be taken. This was really dissappointing and hurting. VERY INDESCENT behaviour to customers in a buffet. I spoke to the owner in person and informed him that there was no food which was just wasted without even being tasted and asked him if he was specific in any item being wasted. His response was that "Next Time I will take a Photo and show you". This was the most filthy answer you can get out of a guy owning a restaurant. I would definitely stay away and keep my friends and fellow beings stay away from this restaurant!The last thing, we had to step out to take care of our baby towards the end of the lunch. When I came back to check my dish at the table, the table was fully cleaned and was ready for the evening. My bags and my baby car seat was still hanging around in that table and the table looked very well that it was unfinished. Stay Away! I read the other comments just now.. Will not repeat getting in here..
5	I didn't know what to expect since some of the reviews are... odd and difficult to understand. I really don't know what they are talking about. I went here last week for the lunch buffet. From what my co-workers have told me, Friday is usually the best day to go since they have the best dishes then. I've only been on a Friday but that's what I've heard. We got there right when they opened and there were several other tables already seated when we arrived. The food is served at a smaller buffet table. About 10-15 dishes with 5 or so desserts. We also ordered Dosa (LOVE DOSA) with the potatoes and naan to dip in our curry dishes. I had two types of rice, one with curry and one without that were very flavorful. And the curry cheese squares- I think they are Paneer - AMAZING!! The Tandoori chicken was excellent. They have really amazing food, and I'm a picky person!  There were several other dishes I tried which were very good. I did not have one item which I thought was bad and pretty much cleaned my plate. Oh, and the desserts... I could have eaten them as a meal! I can't believe how delicious the Gulab jamun was. It was like eating a donut hole covered in honey goodness. I'm sure it's similar but WOW. DEE-Licious!The wait staff were excellent too. Prompt, helpful and polite. I think they were on the borderline of being too helpful. BUT my glass of water was never empty and my co-workers ice tea was the same. I can safely say I will be back again  :-)
5	Fantastic place.
5	Excellent dinner (curried lamb), quiet restaurant, plenty of wait staff.
4	Been there twice for lunch buffet, it was quite good. Specially desert and Shrimp fry
5	Everything was excellent in the buffet. Tasted just perfect and I enjoyed the food. South Indian dishes were outstanding including the non-veg.I will go there again.
5	Best Indian buffet in town, plenty of vegetarian choices, too.  Two visits so far, both 5 stars.
3	Food is average, cost is Moderate, service is bad, too crowded and not organized. Comparing to good indian resturant this is not good.
4	Delicious, authentic SOUTH Indian food.  Had a great experience here with food.  They know how to do dosas right!  Service was sub-par but to be expected in a casual Indian restaurant, I suppose.  They took 20 minutes for my tea (I think they forgot) and when I tried to cancel it, they said its coming momentarily and it still took another 10 minutes...seriously, its just tea...are you going to India and picking the tea leaves itself?!  Sheesh.
2	Friendly attentive service, but buffet choices are nothing special. Tandoori chicken dry, as in left-out-overnight-and-then-warmed dry...--fruit custard is refreshingly and simply cool with bits of pineapple--naan basket is fresh and just the right mix of soft and crispy, but bland## rice wafer with potato filling not hot, and potato mix tastes of dishwasher rinse liquid## star anise not removed from chicken biryani. Wow that's a powerful spice when tasted in the raw! FYI, I don't want to bite into a bouquet garni either!## dental warnings should be given on donut-hole desserts... rock hardGood value for buffet but wishing they would try a bit harder.
2	We went for dinner here. While they took the order without much delay, it took more than 30 mins for them to serve the food although the order was only for fried rice. There was also a big scene with a bunch of families walking out due to chicken served in their vegetarian food, which made us scary. After the families walked out, when we were talking waiting for food, the chef came out, voluntarily sat down in our table and started talking about that even though we clearly showed in our face that we would rather be left alone. He finally left after we didn't speak at all. Food was only ok, have had better food at other places. Would not go back again,
4	My new fave Indian place in my 10-mile radius!  Anyone who remembers the fried cauliflower from the long-gone Taj Mahal may be happy to know it exists at Karaikudi.  It's actually not on the menu, but when we tried to order another cauliflower dish, we were told of the "Chef's Choice" appetizer.  Our eyes lit up as if we had just seen freakin' Santa Claus when the dish arrived and it was fried cauliflower in a spicy chile sauce.  The paneer pakora tasted bland in comparison.Dosa, which is nothing more than a big crepe, was new to me.  The masala dosa is a meal in itself.  Maybe it's meant to be.  I've only ordered chicken dishes from the menu, Makhani and Khorma and both were flavorful and most importantly, devoid of all non-edible, non-discernable chicken parts.  The medium spice level does seem to really be "medium," but even my husband's "hot" lamb vindaloo was tolerable.The only time we ordered the buffet was Mother's Day, and that was all that was offered.  It had quite a large selection including lamb chops.  Not sure how much variety is on the standard buffet, but I would like to try it sometime.And not to be forgotten, the garlic naan was toasty and garlicky.  What else can I say?  I'm a fan.
1	Watch your credit card / bank statements....We unexpectedly discovered this place when driving through this shopping center and returned over the weekend for their buffet lunch.  We've eaten at just about every Indian lunch buffet in the Phoenix area and found this restaurant to be a bit more authentic and had a bit more "kick" to it.  The food was fresh and it was generally hygienic and I'd give the food 3  1/2 to 4 stars.We paid the bill using a debit card that they ran as a credit card.  I wrote in clear bold handwriting the final amount they were to charge when it was submitted to their bank.  I routinely retain my copy of the slip and check it against my bank account and in this case the staff inflated their tip and ADDED money to the total.  This was clearly NOT the amount I authorized and it had the effect of inflating their tip beyond the 17.7% that I felt was appropriate.I don't appreciate having to spend time reviewing this with my bank.
5	Great food, one of the best authentic south indian food and buffet I had on the west coast of US. Desserts were delicious. Service was very attentive. Ambience is casual not restuarant type but the quality of food and service outweighs this. Best deal. I recommend this place if you want to experience authentic Indian food especially south Indian.
1	This restaurant is charging 9.3% sales tax ?  The local rate is 7.95%.  This, coupled with "adjusting" credit card receipts in their favor suggests they are very unethical.  Good food but these guy's are thieves.When I called the owner and asked about the inflated sales tax and to advise him that his staff is inflating their tips on credit card receipts he seemed to care less.
5	Wonderful food and service! Especially loved the chicken curry.  Planned what we would order next time before we left. Very happy to have found our go-to Indian spot!
3	The Good Part:Look at the menu closely and some items will jump at you; I'm taking about the Karaikudi Chicken Curry, Eral Varuval (Shrimp) and Kerala Fish curry. Not having eaten these dishes in recent times, I was really excited to try them. But then having been let down by so many Indian restaurants in recent years, I was very skeptical when it came to deciding whether or not to try one of these dishes. I went ahead and ordered Chicken Curry and Eral Varuval anyway. The wait was not long and I was pleasantly surprised at how well both the Chicken curry and Eral Varuval tasted. Though both the dishes were toned down in their level of hotness, they still retained their authentic taste and flavor. The Bad Part:I went back a couple of weeks later and ordered the chicken curry and a dosa for takeout. As I started eating the chicken curry I could clearly tell that there was something amiss about its taste. It just didn't taste like the first time. Was it a quality or a consistency issue? Going by my experience of Indian restaurants, I had a gut feeling that it was both.I'm not going to review/comment on other items (like Chicken Tikka Masala or Masala Dosa..etc) on the menu since a lot of them can be found at almost any Indian resturant and they all seem to taste more or less the same.Now coming to the weekday buffet, which I can tell you straight up that it is very mediocre and not attention deserving at all. The spread is limited and selection of dishes for a Friday lunch buffet was very poor. The taste was slightly off for a majority of items and the entire experience was a little disappointing. I'm just hopeful that the weekend buffet is not the same.
1	Food was not bad but they need to improve the service which was extremely slow and  forgetful because only three waiters were running around managing a full restaurant. I doubt we will ever go there for dinner but I heard the lunch buffet is supposed to be good and we will give it a try.
5	Delicious.. We try something new every time per recommendation of the VERY friendly and warm people there. Lots of chatting and enjoying. The garlic naan with the Chicken 007 is amazing... spicy! We love the lamb pepper fry and tonight we tried the chickpea saag and it was the best. The dosa's are fantastic. Nothing disappoints and they have recently gotten their liquor license so we had a glass of wine too. It was a bit too warm, but we are particular about our wine temps... Try it out, you won't be disappointed.
4	Good food compared to the other South Indian buffets. May be cannot compare to real Indian food (none had till now), but so far one of the best I tried.It seems the owner was previously employed at Anand Bhawan.
5	I have eaten their lunch buffet once a week for several weeks now and think its the best Indian I've tasted in the Valley so far.
5	First thing I have to say is excuse my spelling up front.  Me and Indian words don't go hand in hand.  Second thing is that everything that I tried here was excellent!!!Paneer Tikka, Nann, Chicken Birhiani, saffron rice, and my absolute favorite the Spicy Peppered Goat Curry!  I mean this thing was all the right types of salty, peppery, knaw on the bone, goodness that I didn't know I wanted but am now addicted too!  When I first moved here I was pretty impressed with all the great pizza offerings in the Valley, but now I'm starting to think that Indian food is actually what Phoenix should be known for.  With out a doubt, these guys are one of those doing it right!  Buffett ranges from $10-$12 which is a steal, but the setting definitely lends itself to dinner as well!
4	This place is definitely good.  We've had the dosa, dal, birhiani, garlic naan and one of the lamb currys.  They need more help on the floor.  I've been here twice and I've had to flag down a server both times to order.  Since it's a mile away, I will definitely be back..I'd like to try the buffet.
1	We bought a Groupon because this restaurant was close by.  We usually go to the west side on Bell and 24th avenue where the food and service are both top-notch. Okay, we entered Karaikudi at about 6:30 and were not served our dinners until after 7. No excuse. The place wasn't that crowded.  Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Biriyani with paratha bread.  Made a point of NO BUTTER on the Paratha.  Both dinners were ordered spicy.  The vindaloo had a nice taste but the spiciness was lacking.  The biriyani had a nice level of spiciness and the chicken was tasty without being overdone. Bad part --- Ifound the rice part a bit too salty.  Never experienced this in other restaurants.  The paratha came with enough grease to lube a car.  The waiter insisted that he said "no butter" and, in fact took it back to the kitchen to confirm that no butter had been used. He brought back the same sample and stuck by his claim that no butter was used. "oil was used for the oven.  All paratha is made like that."  Maybe this is true of Karaikudi but certainly not at all other  indian places we have frequented.  We refused the paratha.  The waiter brought us nan as a substitute, which was fine and dry as we originally ordered.  When presented with the bill, we were told that $10 is added to the Groupon total --- as specified by the owner, not by Groupon.  We refused to pay the additional $10.  The waiter  made a phone call, probably to the owner and the bill was totaled correctly.   We paid with a credit card and below the total we wrote out this total in words so as not to be scammed with any changes. (we learned of how tip amounts were altered after reading other reviews of  Karaikudi.)  Other people who gave this place 4 and 5 stars may have had a delightful dining experience.  We did not and will not be returning. Instead, we'll drive to Mayuri Palace on Bell at 24th avenue and enjoy delicious food, prompt and courteous service and at less expensive prices.
5	Love the dosas!
5	Ha! The bad reviews on here make me question whether or not they are written by competing restaurants. Seriously? You write bad reviews about what is possibly THE BEST desi buffet in AZ?Whatever. Ignore those reviews and bring your family and friends.Disclaimer: I've traveled India and my friends' families taught me how to cook the authentic stuff.By all means, bring anyone with an appetite-- if they can't find something they like, then ditch them.This place might be too high class as their buffet offers EVERYTHING. Felt like Vegas compared to other lesser Indian Buffets. Do yourself a favor and celebrate such an awesome restaurant. Can't believe the jerks rating this place anything less than 5 stars.
4	Mixed review here, but generally positive. Had to ask to be seated, but after that the service was prompt and friendly. HUGE menu but were told a couple things (including a beer) were not available.  We tried eggplant which was excellent, curry fish, clay pot chicken dish and lemon rice were ok to me, my friend liked them more. GREAT mango lassi and they had a great sauvignon blanc.
4	Very nice dinner at Karaikudi place. The Karaikudi chicken which was a new dish to me was very good but does not surpass my favorite chicken makhani. The dal, chana saag and mango lassi drinks were all good, the only off dish was the cheese naan which was not stuffed with paneer but some horrible oily fluorescent greasy orange cheese like substance...avoid! Service was  very friendly.
4	we came here with a groupon since i had bad experience with some indian restaurants in the past, always spendet a lot of money and were not happy with it at all.So i thought, since we love this kind of food so much...give it a shot.The restaurant: might need a little fixture(shaky table) here and there, but all in all a friendly atmosphere. It had been nice if there had been somebody at the frontdesk to seat us, we got just noticed after i called one of the stuff from the back. I personaly had the feeling that our service had been a bit friendlier without the groupon. I compared this with the table aside of us. Small things like we didn't had any water while the same server filled the other one twice allready and i had to ask.. Dont get me wrong our server was still professional and friendly and made sure all of it was all right.but there was still something different.The food. was the best i had it in a long time.  I had a Masala Dosa.this was for us a new dish and we loved it! it was huge and big enought to share as an appetizerI had the Malai Kofta! it looked so small in this little cup...but trust me dont get fooled by the looks...and  ohhhh was this good. i also loved the fact that he asked me how sharp i wanted it.Hubby had the Lamb Biriyani and was pleased as usual! Iam happy we tried it,and we will be back.
2	Good food - chicken curry and tikka sag but horrible -- I repeat HORRIBLE SERVICE! Not coming back again.
5	Love their buffet!!!
1	Drove there last weekend. They were not open on a Saturday at 8 pm. A sign said on the door said closed due to technical and utilities problem. Have they shut down?
4	I was finally able to use my Groupon after they re-opened and I was very pleased. Me had the mattar paneer, malai kofta, and some potato dosa. Some of the best Indian food I've had in the valley.Regarding the service: maybe they took a queue from the reviews on here because it was almost TOO good. Dude was kind of hovering over our table and refilling our water every 10 minutes.In any case, I'm definitely going back soon to try their lunch buffet.
1	A first for me. After two beers and waiting an HOUR, we got up, left our Groupon on the table and walked out. I can't rate nonexistant service. I have truly never done that before. We're now at Oregano's:-)
2	Good food, but the service was horrible. It was 95* outside today and they did not have the air conditioning on. It Took over 45 minutes to get our appetizer.No refills on the kids sodas. We were told we would get an extra order of Naan for our long wait and it never showed. We won't go back. Warning - they addedGratuity to the check, we were a family ofFive with a $60 bill and they added $10 on to the bill. Watch out or you'll overpay!
4	Lunch buffet is delicious, especially the fish curry!  I was pleasantly surprised by the number of vegetarian options available.  Service can be a little slow during the lunch rush.
1	Bad Food and Awful Service. Previously the food was good, but the service was OK..Now with the new Chef and maybe management both are bad.
1	Went there for the buffet today after we had two enjoyable dinners previously. We got there at noon and half the food wasnt even ready.The food was awful. The rice was uncooked, the paneer was sweet, the chicken was questionable. They had no naan until 45 minutes after we got there and I swear it was frozen and reheated. The dosa never made it out. The waiters kept saying it was coming and never did. There was no apology. No one even asked if we wanted anything to drink.  The most appetizing thing at the restaurant were the cheeseburgers at the next table that two kids brought in from Culvers. Awful. Save your money.I think they are under new (totally disorganized) management. We are never going back.
3	Average at best.  Tikka masala tasted more like tomato soup than Indian food.  Saag is fairly good.  Food not their best product.
2	Good food but horrible service. I called in for take out and came to the restaurant about 45 minutes later, as they told me to. When I arrived the man working said it would be ready in 5 minutes. I ended up waiting 30 minutes. Only reason I didn't leave was because he kept telling me it would only be just a few minutes. DONT order take out.
5	As someone who eats a lot of Indian food, this place was great!  Excellent service and the curries were awesome.
5	Best Indian food and prices reasonable. We used a Groupon.  Amazing Gobi Manchurian, had the Paneer  Butter Masala (Delish) & Baingain Bhartha.  All were equally good.  When I thought of taking a picture, I had eaten all the food.  Beer was a little pricey. I read previous reviews of the service, we had a very good experience, our servers were very prompt and courteous, food came out super fast.  We did get there at around 6:00pm on a Friday, it wasn't busy.  I will definitely come back to this place, fantastic food. Yum!!!!!
5	Can't say I know much about Indian food, but I like this place. The staff is friendly, quiet Indian music is playing in the background, and the food is wonderful. A true wealth of flavors. I will definitely be back!
2	Waiting, waiting and more waiting ... that was the theme of a visit to Karaikudi on a slow Sunday evening. Went my with wife, daughter and a Groupon - otherwise I probably wouldn't have known about this place. We always enjoy Indian food, whether it's the late Indian Grill in Mesa, Jewel of the Crown or Tandoori Times in Scottsdale, but this place left me sorely disappointed.No one came to greet us when we walked in, so we carefully ventured further into the restaurant before a server appeared and approached us with a warm, heartfelt "3?" Just like they do at Denny's - only they smile too.Started with an onion naan. Delicious. Ordered main courses: a chicken dish and mixed grill. Some 10 minutes later, my wife's dish appeared - steaming hot. No rice in sight, so we asked for some to which the gal reacted as if we had asked for french fries. And then she proceeded to start taking orders from other tables. After 3-4 minutes, I got tired of seeing her stand a few feet away, taking orders, so I went up to the bar and asked the guy there for a bowl of rice. Again, same reaction - rice??A couple of minutes went by and then my dish came out, sizzling hot. Still no rice. We ordered a side of sauce to get some flavor. Again, waiting .... There were no more than 4 other parties in the restaurant - it was very slow. The guy came by but his English was extremely limited so no help there. Finally, probably 12 minutes after the first dish came out, the almighty rice arrived. And 5 minutes later the sauce came. Voila - luke warm main courses now ready to savor. The food was okay, but nothing I'll reminisce about tomorrow. My mixed grill was chicken, sausage and two burnt shrimp. My wife liked her basic chicken dish (the one w/o sauce). I'll spare you the disaster of getting the check plus a couple of boxes, but they probably went out to Fountain Hills to produce them - judging by their arrival time. Another couple nearby seemed equally frustrated with the wait staff and the 80F temperature in the room. What a disappointment - thanks to the super-incompetent staff, and what a shame for a new restaurant trying to create a clientele.
4	great. .nice food. must visit to taste real Indian food.
5	South Indian food, so it's not quite what most Indian food eaters are used to, but that will change when they try this place. Ridiculously amazing buffet, it goes on and on, and the food was OUT of this WORLD! How can they make all this complex, time-intensive, spice-heavy food for so little money at their buffet?  Surely, their margins are minimal. I definitely got my money's worth and more. My new favorite place for Indian food in PHX!
3	Food is average. I went for a lunch buffet. Lots of food in buffet. Only turn off of huge crowd in the small place. It's a long line to get buffet and if you wanna go for 2nd round you have to stand in the big line again. By the time you get turn, most probably you won't be hungry anymore!
5	Went for an early dinner so the place was not too busy, great food, great selection, great service, everything done fresh.
4	Best South Indian food around the Phoenix area. I recommend their masala and rava dosas.
1	We deserve good food for our hard earn we spend... As a Indian open suggestion to all don't waste your time and money here .. Food is crap . Honest suggestion .
2	IF YOU ARE VEGAN OR HAVE FOOD ALLERGIES, DINE W/ CAUTION!We went @ 8pm on a Saturday evening.  It looked closed, but once we got closer we could see that they were open, and there was just an evening ambiance inside. (Very nice for a date night.) No one was at the host station when we walked in, however, we were greeted within seconds and shown to our table.  The tables were pre-set with plates. (I'm OCD & not a fan of this practice.)Papadum (lentil crackers) arrived moments later, served w/ a tamarind sauce & green chutney. I inquired if the green chutney was vegan. The waiter had no clue what I was talking about, so I asked if it had any dairy in it, such as yogurt. He shook his head, no, and said it was made w/ mint. We ordered: Samosas, Spinach Pakora, Gobi 65, Mysore Masala Dosa, Aloo Paratha, Plain Naan. I advised him (again) that I am vegan and inquired if any butter was put on the dosa or the paratha. He was very confused. He began to stumble his way through an explanation, saying that they may put butter on the dosa, but he wasn't sure. I reiterated that it mustn't have ANY animal products, and I nicely, yet firmly, directed him to find out, and to make sure any butter, yogurt, or dairy, was omitted from all of my dishes. He said ok, and jotted notes on his order pad.  Also, he noted that the Gobi 65 is $4.99 on the menu, but rings up as $6.99. I do appreciate being informed of this right away, but they should update their menus; put a sticker w/ the new price over the old price. (There were stickers, for lack of a better word, over other item edits on the menu, so this shouldn't be a difficult task.)Gobi 65 - deep fried cauliflower covered in a red sauce (not spicy), arrived in less than 5 minutes. It was DELICIOUS & bursting with flavor!  Easily my favorite dish! Samosas were HUGE!Spinach Pakora - battered and deep fried spinach.  Generous portion. It was good. I would prefer more seasoning, but I like things heavily seasoned. Aloo Paratha - whole wheat bread stuffed with spiced potatoes (not spicy). It was good. I think some Earth Balance would make it better.Plain Naan - They have a "Butter Naan" on their menu, so I'd assume the plain naan has no butter, but I let the non-vegans have it; I didn't try it.Mysore Masala Dosa - rice & lentil based crepe filled with potato masala & spicy chutney.  It came out as this enormous triangular-shaped crepe, bigger than my entire head! I honestly did not know what to do with this monstrosity of a beast.  Do I roll the whole thing? Do I cut the corners and nibble inwards?  I made a big mess of it, but it was delicious, and I could taste a small kick (might be a more noticeable spice level to those who are spice-sensitive).  Large enough to share.2 more chutneys came with the dosa. 1 was an orangish color and the other was a light green color. I recall her (someone other than the waiter was bringing out the dishes) saying that the light green sauce was coconut based.  I inquired if any of the sauces contained any yogurt or dairy, and I backed that up with, "Are they vegan?"  She also gave a bewildered look, shook her head and shrugged her shoulders, saying, "I don't think so."  She didn't care to find out either.  I simply abandoned those sauces off to the side.The restaurant was clean (Although my fork had caked-up food on it, which the female server did not attempt to replace once informed), the tables were nicely spaced in distance, and there was nice elegant meet rustic decor.  It was quiet and peaceful, but there were only a few other tables present and they were on the opposite side of the restaurant.  The waiter and the lady (different from the female server) who filled our glasses with water were very nice & attentive.  Both came over several times to inquire how we liked everything. I called Karaikudi this morning because I had questions about the ingredients. The woman who answered asked the chef about the dosas.  She said, "There's a lady on the phone who's vegan, you know, vegetarian..."  HOLD UP! Vegan & vegetarian are NOT the same thing! She continued to ask about butter on the dosas, to which the chef said that he puts butter on the dosas. But I ate here last night and they made my dosas w/o butter.  She mentioned this to the chef and his response was that they can NOT be made without butter. (She also informed me that the green chutney has yogurt!)  You fed me non-vegan food; I am terribly vexed!  Yummy food, pretty good service, but the staff's lack of knowledge regarding the meaning of vegan, the ingredients in the dishes, & last night's staff's unwillingness to assure that my requests were honored, are unacceptable! What if I was allergic?!I'd be more than happy to reevaluate & update once the owner:1 - educates the entire staff on the meaning of vegan, what is/ isn't and can or cannot be made vegan on the menu, and2 - mark the menus to indicate vegan & can be made vegan dishes.
4	Great Place. Went when it was about to close, but still very friendly staff. The Garlic Naan I was hoping would be a little more flavorful, but was still very good. The cauliflower was AMAZING! Hope you like spice! Get the Eggplant as well! Steer away from dessert... There is frozen Custard at Culver's in the same parking lot if you're looking for a sweet treat to follow!
4	A delightful waiter...excellent mango mojitos...a most interesting appetizer...a delectable pan bread, very good entrees.  What's not to like?  Although the restaurant is in the Pima Crossings strip mall, the owner has done an excellent job with the internal decor.
4	I had the Sunday brunch and was pleasantly surprised.  The saag paneer tasted fresh and flavorful.  The tandoori chicken was excellent,  with a nice smokiness that had me going back for seconds.  The murg makhani was chicken in a deliciously spicy red sauce which atop the rice was splendid.  The Naan was a bit cold when I went up to the buffet and a departure from the cooked to order that I've come to enjoy, hence the 4 stars. The gulab tamun was warmed in a sweet syrup and a perfect desert to end this lunch.
5	Best Indian food in Scottsdale/Phoenix!  Just moved here from Philly and thankful to find a fabulous Indian restaurant.  You know its good when other Indian people come to dine and that's what we observed.  Food was great (ordered Chicken Tikka Masala), service was fantastic (Sam was our waiter; who also made a killer Grey Goose Gimlet!) We'll be back!!!
1	THE WORST PLACE WITH FOOLS RUNNING IT.......I have been there on Wednesday for lunch, they had a buffet going on. Surprisingly there was no food in the butter and one server cam there and told that they are going to refill. we waited for 30 min and they did not fill I complained to the owner about it and though he is busy collecting the bill I thought he would also consider our complaint. but i think he is the leader of the fools and never bothered about it, we were frustrated and thought to leave and we noticed that he added gratuity to our bill. Then i corrected my opinion that he was not only a fool but also shameless person taking money for not serving. MY RECOMMENDATION IS NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE.....WORST SERVICE, WORST FOOD AND BEST IN TAKING BILLS AND TIPS.
4	This place had some of the best Indian food for dinner that I've had in the valley.  Reasonable prices and great service too.  The Indian bread was very fresh and tasty and so was the rest of the food.  Highly recommend!
4	Delicious indian food! Loved the fact that there was both North and South Indian food in the buffet so I got to eat my dosa :) Chicken biriyani was also delicious which I found surprising because I feel like my mom's is the best and never order it at a restaurant. Would definitely go there again.
1	Service was non existent and they did not make me feel welcome at all here. I came during lunch because I had bought a Groupon, but they told me my Groupon does not apply to the lunch buffet (why the heck not, I do not know) so fine, I'll pay again for the lunch buffet. I have never found so many bones and hard, inedible bits in my food at any other place I've ever dined at. In one plate of food, I found 7-8 of these that I had to spit into my napkin. I told the waiter about it and he seemed totally unfazed like this happens all the time. This was NOT a pleasurable dining experience and I have since refunded my Groupon. I will not be coming back here.
5	Having recently discovered this restaurant, my wife and I have been here for dinner  three times within a month, and we are not frequent restaurant diners.  So obviously we think it is very good.  The service has been excellent and the food consistently very good.  Our waiter, Sam, was personable and attentive.   The menu offers the standard Indian fare, but also items not found at most Indian restaurants.  In particular, the south Indian dosas are very tasty.
3	Used a livingsocial deal for this place, it had a nice atmosphere and the staff seemed friendly. However the food was a little spicy for our liking (we ordered 'mild', and I normally eat spicy food, but this was over the top). Overall decent experience, nothing flashy with lots of south indian dishes.
2	I went in for the Sunday buffet. The food was left out too long and tasted poorly.  The freshly made entrees are good-however the buffet was not maintained w fresh food.
5	Stuck away in an inconspicuous corner of an inconspicuous shopping center this place is worth the search to find it.  Indian food in Scottsdale? Yes, and it is great...We've been four times,  and had a variety of things. Tonight I had the curried fish.quite fresh, medium heat, and quite tasty. My date had Chicken Tikka...baked in a clay pot...done but not too dry...also very tasty...In the past the lamb was very flavorful as have been the lentils...The management has a friendly quirky personality and seems genuinely interested in the experience his patrons are having...
4	Having been to India, I both love and fear Indian restaurants in the US. I want the great food, but I am so often disappointed by poor seasoning hiding behind excess heat. And we came here at lunch time to find a buffet. How bad was that going to be? Not bat at all; in fact exceptionally good. Beautiful seasonings, good variety, fresh ingredients. The ambiance is universal restaurant; the staff are friendly if disorganized. We will be returning to try the dinner menu and for the buffet.
5	Just had the buffet for the first time today...it was excellant...a wide variety of selections...all very tasty...well worth the price...
5	Wonderful restaurant and eclectic Indian foods. The buffets are so enjoyable as well as coming in for dinner and ordering off the menu. Buffet was super fresh and they replenished frequently. I noticed how everything was not overloaded with oil and cream. Just right...This place feels like being in their home. Yousef runs the show there and knows his stuff! Friendly, great food and consistent. What else could I ask for?My favorite is the Gobi 65 and Salmon Tandoori.As an Indian cuisine connoisseur, I am thrilled that I found this home away from home!
5	We had a coupon, but sure wish we would have gone earlier!The two of us arrived about 7:20pm. The food was fantastic and real authentic.  The cook actually came out to meet us and told us about his experience and more about the dishes we ordered. We told the waiter what we like and they hit a home run for us.  We ordered Saap Pameeiz (not on the menu), #70 Karaikudi Chicken Curry, #80 Lamb Rogan Josh, and Garlic Naan bread.The flavor and spice level was just as we ordered.  The Lamb Rogan Josh on the Naan bread was so tender and delicious.  The curry on the chicken was my second favorite.The staff went out of their way to make sure we had water and ensure everything was to our delight.  Once we had our food, they left us alone to enjoy our meal.The atmosphere was was quit and all the guests look like they were having a good time and smiling.I look forward to trying the lunch buffet next.
4	Interesting to see so many mixed reviews. We have dined here when it was run under previous management. The buffet was very good and we thought it would become our go-to place for Indian. Then they closed.We tried our luck again when I saw the restaurant on Urbanspoon and I am glad we did. The buffet was (again) very good and the host was very social and helpful. If they rotate some of the buffet dishes and continue to provide great customer service, I think they will be successful. I plan of visiting again.PS - I grew up in the UK, so' very good' Indian food in the US must be :)
5	Have lived in India, always hit and miss to find a good Indian Resturant in the Valley. This place is terrific, even better for its Southern Indian menu and Southern Indian chef.  Definitely five stars for a Scottsdale Indian Resturant.
