5	Oh my gosh! All I can say is yummy yum yum yum! My fiance and I are always looking for a good breakfast without the crazy crowded wait that you find at the big chain restaurants. Jewel's is without a doubt the greatest new little find. I had the goat cheese, bacon, onion quiche...holy deliciousness! I also had to try the sticky bun which was out of this world. And how cool is it that they have my favorite Kombuca!?!? Woot woot! Awesome food aside...I love the quaint decor and the comfy seats. This will for sure be a new weekend breakfast place for us. So happy!
5	I've known about their baked goodies for quite some time.  I was so excited when they opened a storefront! I took a friend there for lunch on Tuesday and she loved it so much that she said Jewel's will be our new hangout spot on Tuesday's.  She can't wait for the holidays to be over (when our kids go back to school) so that we can go again.  I ordered the Greek Chicken Salad Sandwich (delicious), she had the BLT and we shared the blue cheese buffalo chips.Seriously, make this your new spot.  They are dedicated to being gluten- free (which isn't a dietary restriction for me, but hey, the food is so good!) and will take very good care of you.  Fast- casual atmosphere.  Walk up, place your order and go find a table.
5	I have been enjoying Jewel's gluten free baked goods for the past few years. Now that there is a store front, I can also enjoy their fresh cooked gluten free meals. I haven't had biscuits and gravy in the last 5 years since being on a very strict GF diet. This morning I got an order to go when picking up cupcakes for a party. Let me tell you that it was love at first bite! It was a perfect blend of sausage gravy with a delicious biscuit and when some of the potato hash got mixed in, well, I couldn't have wiped the smile of my face for any reason. I really don't know what I will do next time I'm there for breakfast. Get the B&G or try anything else on the 100% GF menu. Either way, this is my new favorite place to share with all my non-gluten free people. Even though it's a 40 minute drive from my side of town, it's worth it.
5	Went to Jewel's Bakery today after hearing about it on Facebook!  I was so excited to go because I have so many allergies and this place could be an answer to my lack or yumminess I have in my life now. I had the build your own omelet and it was amazing. I eat paleo so I didn't try the hash browns, but they looked great!  I did eat the kale chips that they out in with the potatoes and they were amazing. After we are I had to try some of the pastries  and they were out of donuts so I will have to go back :). I did try the blueberry scone and the lemon curd cupcake. Amazing!!!  I will for sure go back. And most likely for lunch!!  Thanks for opening
5	It's so wonderful to have a restaurant that is completely gluten free.  The food is amazing and the baked good are to die for. You would never know it was gluten free.I also had then make my wedding cake. It's was beautiful and tasted like a regular cake. Every one at the reception loved the cake. I would definitely recommend them as the go to bakery for gluten free items.
3	The place its self is awesome. Love the chairs and tables, so simple and so chic. The service was friendly and attentive.The food was ok. I ordered the quiche and a decaf coffee w/ a molasses cookie. The food was good... the only thing is the crust like the cookie was rock solid.:-/
5	Great place.  Highly recommend. Friendly people.   Great food and excellent lay out. When you have a wife and son that can't do dairy this place is an excellent place to get dairy free and gluten free things.
4	Quaint little place, super clean, bright, and friendly staff. In a culture of oversized portions, Jewels hit the spot with the perfect serving size. I had the tomato, mushroom, chicken and cheese omelet and it was very tasty, my wife had the biscuit, egg and sausage sandwich which was also delicious.I would def. return to explore the menu further. They also have a lunch menu, served after 11am.
5	This is the first place I've been whose food was so good it promoted me to write a Yelp review. Guess I'm a Yelper now.. Their entire place is gluten free and their staff has clearly been trained at a high level. I worked in the restaurant industry for 3.5 years at an upper echelon restaurant, let me be the first to say: Jewel's food is amazing. The decor is fresh and relaxing. My only complain is that there aren't more people filling the tables that all have fresh flowers and all unique chairs. Six stars if I could. My gluten sensitivity needs have been met.
3	Walked in 10 minutes before they stopped serving breakfast. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and sweet. It wasn't until I heard a comment from the cook behind the window about me "being able to order whatever I want off the menu" that made me feel rather uncomfortable seeing as I ordered before they had finished serving breakfast and not to mention i was 1 of 3 people there, so I thought they would have appreciated my business regardless. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was cute. I may be back if I am in the neighborhood.
5	Jewel's is so very good! I've been gluten free due to Celiacs disease my whole life. Walking into a completely GF restaurant and ordering scrumptious food is like  dream come true!
3	We have been anxiously waiting for Jewel's to open for the past 6 months, we are regulars of the baked goods from the farmer's market and have been really excited to have it in the neighborhood. So maybe my expectations were too high from my conversation with them at the farmer's market. The positives:*Great ambience and location*Coconut creamer for the coffee :) -awesome to have a non-dairy option*Vegan muffins - we had the apple cinnamon and it was really good*the potato/kale hash was greatThings that could be better:*The line is confusing about which side to enter, therefore, we waited for a couple huge groups to go in front of us coming from the exit side of the line before we were helped, its probably hard for the cashier to know who is next-maybe a sign would be helpful?*There were no vegan cupcakes or scones available (11am), only muffins, we were really excited to be able to buy cupcakes and disappointed when they had multiple other, but all with dairy. We normally go to Treehouse, but this is so much closer. *Our food (one order) took about 20 minutes, this might get worked out as they settle in, but it was a long wait (one of the chefs did come talk to us and apologized)* the smoothie tasted like pureed kale, they did ask for feedback on it, which was great, but doesn't help my situation at the moment, i tossed it when i got home * there are minimal vegan options on the menu, I saw 3, I guess I was expecting more based on their baked goods and other options at the farmers market (so this could be my own issue, but I was really disappointed, there is such a need for that in this area)Overall, the food was ok, the ambience is great! I didn't try the coffee but it looked good. So, I would go back for coffee and if in stock, a vegan cupcake, but not again for breakfast. Glad their is a dedicated gluten free bakery, but I would love to see more vegan options too.
4	So happy I popped in here for lunch on Friday. I had the red chile chicken salad... Grilled chicken cooked perfect and great layer of flavors. My only suggestion is that I would pay more and add more chicken to the salad. I didn't find it that filling.  My hubby had the BBQ pork sandwich and it was really tasty! Loved the flavors. It is such a cute comfy place ( the most comfortable chairs) I can't wait to try other things on their menu.
5	This review is for the baked goods. I had the pleasure of buying a pack of 4 cupcakes and boy were they delicious! The cake was moist and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet. Each flavor was unique and scrumptious on its own. If your looking for good quality baked goods, look no further! I can't wait to come here for a sit down meal! I hope this place stays in business forever!
4	I love this little place. The gluten free blueberry scone and pumpkin bread are delicious. The staff is so nice. I'll be back!
5	I chose to try out this bakery for my birthday lunch because I'd been given one of their cupcakes before (Almond Joy Cupcake...it was delicious) and heard tons of great things about their lunch menu. So we made the trek from the northwest valley and let me tell you, it was well worth the drive!First impressions of the cafe: Nice location and really neat decor! Vintage/ Shabby Chic is the closest thing I can think to call it, but it's not so frilly that a guy would feel out of place. Some of the art was done by a local artist and overall it was bright, airy and very, very clean. The staff is AWESOME!!! If I could underline that twice I would, so I'll just say it again..The staff is AWESOME!!!We ordered the Greek Chicken Salad, the BLT, and Roasted Veggie Flatbread and they were all equally delicious! They forgot to remove an ingredient on my son's sandwich and not only did they apologize and bring us a new sandwhich, they also offered us a complimentary treat for the "trouble"!  Now, these treats are the real reason to drive across town because their cupcakes and brownies are good even by gluten standards! I had the Caramel Macchiato Cupcake and it was delicious but then you can't go wrong with the salted caramel brownies either!  The loose leaf mango orange green tea was just another great component to a very wonderful meal. We'll be back for sure!
5	Great neighborhood spot. Great vibe, great food, free wifi, relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere.
5	Amazing food! You would never know it's all gluten free and it's just so nice to have amazing food like this! I drive 45 min to come here!
4	Great food, a little pricey but worth it for the quality! Love that everything is gluten free!!
4	Loving the food and service here. Very clean lots to choose from and none of it boring. Really innovative food with a great taste. It's gluten free as well also nice for those who need that option cause there is nothing lacking in the food options. Great addition to the neighborhood we are loving this precious gem called Jewels.
5	AMAZING!!!! Brought the family up to Jewel's but didn't mention that it was a gluten free place (I am the only one gluten free in our family) we ordered bakery treats and breakfast items. As we were enjoying the pistachio donut, blueberry fritter and rocky road brownie I started to worry that maybe I had misunderstood and that these things were not gluten free. They were delicious! Not just good for gluten-free things, they could stand up to any gluten treat and still be great. I asked and they assured me that yes, everything is gluten free. :-) My family did not realize that these items were gluten free even after they ate them. Amazing taste and amazing texture. For breakfast we had bacon egg and biscuit sandwich and chorizo biscuits and gravy. The chorizo is ground fresh there on Fridays!  It was about 40 minute drive each way for us to get there but SO worth the trip.  I will definitely plan on going back, there are a number of amazing looking bakery items I can't wait to try. Tip: Order the rocky road brownie and ask for it to be heated, they warm it up and the marshmallows get all toasty and lightly browned.
5	Awesome service, awesome people great food and baked goods. The coffee isn't to Bad either. The decor reminds me of little coffee shops in portland, oregon. My kind of place. I would definitely comeback and recommend this place to anyone.
5	We live a few blocks from Jewel's and have been several times since they opened - it's definitely our new favorite place in the neighborhood.  The only problem is we like the food and treats so much that we always spend WAY too much when we go so had to limit our trips :)  My husband and I both eat gluten usually and both of us feel that the food and bakery at Jewel's is some of the best we've had and you would never know everything was gluten free.  My favorite item is the grilled cheese with added avocado, my husband likes the BBQ pork sandwich.  He is a big cheesecake fan and we had the strawberry basil cheesecake when that was available which he said was the best cheesecake he had ever had!  We always buy a few white chocolate macadamia nut cookies as they are some of the BEST cookies I've had!  I made cookies at home recently and when looking for recipes my husband suggested I make them "G-Free" like the Jewel's cookies - I had to explain to him that many gluten-free cookies are not delicious and Jewel's is the exception :)  The staff is very friendly and welcoming and as you can see from the photos the interior is modern but warm and inviting - a really nice place to sit and chat over a delicious lunch.  I can't recommend Jewel's more!
3	The food and teas are delicious. The employees are also very friendly and helpful. I've had the roasted veggie sandwich and it was really good! The reason I give this place 3 stars is because of the price of the food, so I can't say that I'm a fan. I work in the offices above Jewel's and most of my coworkers agree that the food is a bit overpriced for the amount that you get. The roasted veggie, for example, is $7 and it's not very big... then they charge an extra $2 for a very small amount of fries. Also, during the lunch rush it takes a while to get your food. I find myself considering Jewel's if I'm too lazy to drive somewhere for lunch, but I usually talk myself out of it and either I don't eat, or I'll drive to Bertha's. I'd probably be a bigger fan if I had a gluten intolerance, but I don't. SO if you must have Gluten Free or you're not a cheap ass like me, then you'd probably give this place 5 stars.
3	Very fun original cafe. Excellent iced tea and organized counter service. Veggie flatbread was a bit flat (!) for me with a heavy tomatoe sauce.  (It has been eaten up as leftovers in our home, hmm.) Flatbreads can be so flavorful with an olive oil rather than pizza sauce...yep, that's a preference.  Desserts appeared a bit ordinary to me. Admittedly, that may be the appeal here.  I promise to revisit to expand my tastings.
5	We've been waiting for her shop to open. We ran at our first opportunity to visit.  Let's say thee best gluten free desserts we've had. Almond joy cupcake killer good. N the chocolate chip scone is delicious.  Thank you jewel for our gluten free experience.
5	Beautiful shop.  Great breakfast and pastries. I'm not GF, but  have tried a number of pastries, and couldn't tell a difference from other well made baked goods.  So glad it is near-by.
5	It's all gluten free!!!! You've win my heart with Cartel coffee and a finger vanilla cupcake :)
4	Great place for a quick, but great tasting breakfast! Special brunch menu on weekends only. Had the mushroom, bacon, cheddar omlet with hash. My boyfriend ordered biscuits and gravy. Both were great, especially the hash. My order came out about 5 min after his, but the nice girl gave us a complimentary pastry so I got the bacon cinnamon roll.
5	Omg can you say yummy! The baked good were out of this world. Can't believe they were gluten free!!! We waited in a long line for them and were given free cookies for waiting! I'll go back soon:)
5	I was visiting from out of town.  Found this place in a newspaper article online while searching for gluten free bakeries and they were open on Sunday.  The inside was very comfy and they had outside seating.  The entire place is 100% gluten free so I would have come hungry for lunch/brunch if I had known.  They had some vegan items marked and some more they told me about.  Great safe food place!
5	Jewel's Bakery & Cafe is an excellent addition to this East Phoenix neighborhood. We enjoyed a lunch of both their sandwich specials for the day: Pesto Chicken & Balsamic Portobello. Each sandwich came on a different gluten free roll that were equally tasty, the chicken was super juicy, the portobello was roasted with just the right amount of tang, and everything was definitely homemade. We were too full to try any of the baked goods, which include awesome-looking cupcakes, sticky buns, scones & cookies. But I will definitely be back to try those gluten free creations, as well as their quiche for breakfast/brunch.All the staff was super friendly and efficient. As we settled into the cozy cafe, Julie, the Jewel's behind the cafe's name, stopped by to check on us! You can't get better than that!Possibly the best part, as we left, my boyfriend who suffers from a gluten allergy, smiled and said he didn't feel any discomfort at all. A sandwich any where else normally means lots of heartburn medicine. We are thrilled to have found Jewel's Bakery & Cafe and can't wait to go back!
4	We met family here today for lunch. We all tried something different, and I don't think anyone was disappointed. The red chili salad was absolutely delicious. My husband had the Greek chicken salad sandwich and sisters in law shared a kale salad. We shared a brownie for dessert. Keep up the great food!
5	Searched for bakery close by for my son's Birthday party and found this place. I was so impressed with their cupcakes that we tried! I literally got goosebumps from how good their Caramel Macchiato Cupcake was! That one was my favorite. Also super yummy was their Carrot Cake Cupcake. Love the frosting on that one and the caramel macchiato. All their cupcakes were perfectly moist and also best cupcakes I have ever had! Can't wait to order my son's cake or cupcakes (haven't decided yet) and also try more things off their menu. To be continued.....
5	Jewel's  makes delicious gluten free breakfasts and perhaps the best gluten free cupcakes I have ever tasted. They are by far better than some cupcakes with gluten in them. And not so sugary like some other gluten free cupcakes I have had. In a word they are perfection. I recommend the Almond Joy one. The breakfast biscuits are also delicious. So happy this place opened and takes gluten free seriously and deliciously!
3	I would love to try this place out but the two times I have stopped by before work they have still had the doors locked at 7:10am even though the sign on the door says open at 7am. :( :( :(
4	First time here and we are very impressed. I ordered the cheese and mushroom omelette. It came with kale and potatoes. Outstanding. My hubby ordered the chorizo and was in heaven. We grabbed some baked goods to go, for later when we get the munchies. I have high expectations for them.
4	Met up with a friend for lunch on Friday and was very pleased with this place!  It's been on my list for a while :)We met up at 11:30, just in time to take advantage of the lunch menu.  My friend had a southwestern chicken salad and mine was Greek.  Both were really tasty.Neither of us took advantage of the baked goods but I have my eye on a couple of things for the next visit.Jewel's is known for being gluten-free but none of our  food was lacking in flavor  or balance.  It's got a nice, low key ambiance and good service.This place is cute and worth supporting.  I'll be back soon----there's a ginger snap with my name on it!
5	A friend told me about Jewel's knowing I'm always looking for a great gluten free spot to eat. This place is going to be a new favorite. Everything is gluten free! They have a great breakfast and lunch menu, and so many baked treats. I had an amazing gluten free & vegan vanilla almond cupcake. Very excited to have found this bakery/cafe!
5	Went for Saturday morning brunch, and was blown away.  The chorizo, scrambled eggs and potatoes were delicious and the portion was very generous.  Also had a bacon-topped donut which was delicious, almost like a crumb cake.  The biscuits were very good as well, couldn't believe everything was gluten-free.  On top of all that, they serve Cartel coffee!  This is immediately my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.
5	Gluten-free paradise here in Arcadia. I've been here 3 times this week and everything is good. Cinnamon rolls, donuts, sandwiches and pizza. If you are gluten free and in Phoenix, this MUST be your next stop. Just make sure to get there before mid-afternoon. They close at 3 on weekends and 3:30 weekdays.
5	Jewel's is my favorite breakfast, lunch, and sweet spot in the Valley. I've never ordered anything here that wasn't 100% amazing. The service is top-notch. The decor is inviting. If you haven't checked this place out, you're missing out.
5	The baked goods here are scrumptious, have a fine texture, and are not overly sweet. The breakfasts and lunches are very appealing in taste and presentation. Jewel's amazes me with its ability to get all of these food aspects right, which is truly a feat when it comes to gluten-free food (the cafe does not serve anything with gluten). Beyond the food and beverages, the appeal extends to the bright, eclectic atmosphere of the cafe. The staff is very friendly,  the cafe's location is convenient, and the availability of parking is excellent. Plus, free WiFi  with a good strong signal; my tablet browses the Internet really fast when I'm in this bakery/cafe. In all, this is a most pleasant place to get a great meal or to have a leisurely nosh of coffee and delicious baked goods.
5	I come here for breakfast a lot and everything is excellent as is the customer service.  However, I came in the first time for lunch today and had the salmon sandwich.   There's only one word to describe how great it was - THUNDERBITCHIN!!!
5	We absolutely love this place! The food is delicious and it's very kid friendly. You can bring anyone here and they would never know it's gluten free :)  Everything on the menu is awesome but you have to try the maple bacon donuts! I had the best Mother's Day breakfast here with their quiche and amazing blueberry crepes! Love love love!!
3	It was okay, very clean, nice atmosphere but the food itself was a little disappointing.
5	Half of the family is gluten free. Lots of baked goods. Lots of protein options. Clearly made with care. The best gluten free pancakes so far in Phoenix. Best gluten free biscuits and gravy. Best gluten free sticky buns.They also serve Cartel Coffee which is great.
4	I really enjoyed our first visit to jewels for a late brunch today! Our waiter was friendly and helpful. I had the spud plate and my husband had the biscuits and gravy with chorizo. On my first bite, I literally swore out loud. It was that good.
5	Thank goodness for this place. All GF with many things that are DF/EF as well. hooray!
5	1st and not the last visit. The food was amazing. I had breakfast and my wife had a BLT.  The service was top notch. I highly recommend
3	This place is ok. Not spectacular. I have been here twice now. Once with my kids and once by myself.  The first time I was there my kids had the pancakes.  They seemed to enjoy their meal. I ordered the chilaquiles. I didn't enjoy my meal. The chilaquiles was made with lots of tortilla chips, lots of green chili sauce, and a tiny bit of egg on top. I couldn't even tell if they used a whole eggs it was so little.  The chips were soggy and gross. I couldn't finish the plate because all it was, was a soggy plate of chips! Not worth the money I paid for it, needs more egg, a lot more egg.The second time I went there, which was yesterday,  I had their chorizo plate. It was the same thing, lots of potatoes,  not enough chorizo,  and very very little egg. It had great flavor, but I'm not sure if I will ever eat here again with 2 disappointing plates. The coffee was decent though.
3	I was expecting more with all the good reviews, but I wasn't all that impressed with my breakfast.  I had the basic breakfast which came with a pancake, eggs, sausage patty and potatoes.   I asked for bell pepper and onions in the egg, which they forgot.  The pancake was totally doughy and chewy in the middle and was not all that great.   The "Potato hash" was just breakfast potatoes and very bland.  I mean, it wasn't awful, it was just so so.The sausage patty was soooo good, I think they must make it there or something.  That was the only redeeming part of this breakfast and why I would return.  And, I would return because the space was a cool spot and conveniently located and with easy parking.  The service was a bit slow, it took 10-15 mins to get my food.  I will go back and try them again, and perhaps try an omlette or something.
4	I decided to try this place out one day, I have severe gluten allergies so it's hard to find places like Jewels that offer an entire menu that is gluten free. I was not disappointed, I ordered a salad that was pretty good. I was more excited about the apple fritter I ended my meal with, I was elated by how wonderful it was. I rarely eat baked desserts anymore as it is difficult to find ones that are not only safe for me to eat but that actually have good texture and taste good. Many people think to make up for the missing gluten by adding excessive sugar and it reunions the dessert. Jewels fritter was perfect, not to sweet and wonderful fluffy texture. I will definitely be back to try more of there meal items, as well as more baked desserts! So glad to have found a place that is catered towards people with gluten allegies and is in my area of town!
5	The apple cinnamon pancakes are delicious, and my boyfriend loves the pile of bacon and all of the other bacon products! The decor is also very cute, I love the real flowers, very nice touch! Will definitely be back soon.
5	Anthony my server made this first timer feel welcome and appreciated as a customer.Today's visit was just for coffee and a cinnamon roll. BTW this maple glazed cinnamon roll with bacon crumbles is a whole new level of awesomeness. I'm a cookie fanatic and am happy to report that my free cookie with CHECK-IN was delish.I'll be back soon for breakfast, especially after Jennifer the shift manager is going to the tables making sure the customers are happy. Great service trumps much for this YELPER.I like this place. The decor made me think somebody loved collecting random chairs and opened a cafe so they could display them. Goldilocks would have a field day. This place is cozy but also urban hip with a dash of industrial. Chatty crowd here for a Friday near mid-day, gives a good vibe.For the neighborhood this little shopping center (40 Palms) is very nice. I've reviewed three great eats in here already.They have full breakfast and lunch menus in addition to the off beat bakery selections.
5	We have eaten at Jewel's twice in the past month for lunch and so far, we love it!  After learning of a gluten sensitivity I needed to cut it out of my diet for a while and it is so nice to have a restaurant where I don't have to search the menu for only a few items that I can eat.  The brownies, cinnamon rolls, and vegan cupcakes were delicious as well!  The kids meals for $5 are perfect and my son eats all the grilled cheese and fresh fruit that it comes with.  Great job, we will keep on coming in!
2	I habe been here 4 seperate times aroumd 710a to 720a and this place is always locked up tight. The sign says 7am for the open time. Why can't they open on time.  Other bakerys that I goto are open at 5a and 6a....  this bites cause I am on my way to work! OPEN ON TIME!!
5	Amazing gluten-free breakfast joint.  A must-go!!  The baked goods are to die for and the specials are a hit (including the chicken and waffles).  It's a great place to bring a group and a sure sign the gluten-free phenomenon is here to stay.
5	This place is phenomenal!! EVERYTHING is gluten free here! Biscuits and gravy! Chicken and waffle !!!! I think I just died and went to heaven! The donut are probably the best thing I've had in my gluten free life! This place is a MUST!
5	Excellent #glutenfree food + customer service! Highly recommended from #TheFoodClick!
2	I'm excited that a gluten free restaurant/bakery is in my neighborhood and has easy parking. The menu looks great and the food plates I saw looked amazing. I've only been there three times. Twice to meet a friend for coffee and once to get take out pastries which were amazing.The actual experience was not so great. Since it is a new place, the staff should be a little more inviting. When you walk in the door for the first time, it's hard to tell if you are to seat yourself and a server comes over or if you are to get in line (and which side of the counter because there were people on both sides and cutting in front of people in the other line). The three times I went there were no greetings or acknowledgement from the staff-even if they saw us come in. I thought that was a little rude. Not a good first, second or third impression for a business that just opened in a community.I will have to try the food sometime when they have had a chance to get their staff trained on common courtesy and customer service. I always hate it when I either go to a place and love the food, but the experience was bad or if I hate the food, but the staff, experience and decor is cool.
5	Great meal, atmosphere and service! Feel like I'm at "home" because you can eat whatever you'd like if your Gluten Free! You don't have to worry about asking "is this gf or is this??"
5	I love love love this place! Phoenix is SO lucky to have a decicated gluten-free facility/restaurant/bakery/cafe right in the heart of Arcadia! This is THE BEST PLACE IN TOWN!
4	An awesome gluten-free restaurant/bakery/cafe. Absolutely delicious and no worries about ingredients! Finally, no need to ask a billion questions. Super friendly staff.I've had the breakfast sandwich on Ciabatta (no meat, add avocado). The GF bread is tasty and doesn't turn rock hard after sitting out. Potatoes were flavorful and our post-breakfast snacks (cupcakes and donuts) were delicious.
5	Seriously the best place ever. This is all gluten free, but trust me it's better than any gluten filled brunch you'll ever have. Specials are great, always new treats to try, and great coffee. Best part is it's locally owned. I've watched these ladies hustle their way from farmers market to brick and mortar and I couldn't be happier to see this place succeeding. I don't even know what of recommend for someone to try because everything I've eaten here has been incredible.
2	I would describe our experience here as "meh." It was confusing when we walked in as a party of 4. There were several table available, but all of them were dirty? We found someone who was more than happy to clean one for us, but then we couldn't find a menu? Once we did find a menu, we all picked out what we wanted... Then to discover that they were out of half the menu. No lie, every item I asked for was gone, even a smoothie. How do you run out of smoothie? There was basically nothing available but egg entrees (which I can't have), and sugary pastries.  I settled on a granola parfait which was good, but it's hard to mess up granola, let's be honest. I was excited for tasty healthy food, but apparently you have to arrive well before noon to get that (we arrived at 12:30).Once our food arrived (which took more than half an hour for granola, an omelette, and 2 thai flatbreads?), the omelette that one of our party ordered was fantastic, but the Thai flatbread was just ok, and the granola was good because it's granola. We had high hopes, but we're left disappointed by this place. In Arcadia, where consumers have no lack of choice, you have to step up your game. Maybe we were there on an off day? But with all the 4 and 5 star reviews we were ultimately left disappointed.
1	Such a bad experience. I have to believe that the owner was not present this Sunday. My hubby and I were excited to try this place. I try to eat gluten free as much as possible so I was craving some what I hoped would be good bread. We ordered The Pig flatbread and the salmon sandwich with a side salad. The restaurant had a nice business but it wasn't crazy busy. Thirty minutes later...no food in sight. My husband was not happy. 10 minutes later he got up to ask about our order. They handed him the flatbread. So it is not so awful to wait a long time for food if the food is awesome when you finally get it but that was not the case. Isn't flatbread supposed to be flat and crispy?  This was doughy and undercooked. Is that possible after 40 minutes? The topping had a decent flavor although I didn't see any sign of ricotta like the menu stated. Then another 10 minutes goes by and they bring the sandwich with chips instead of a salad. They had to take it back to fix it. Instead of leaving the sandwich. Looked good but as soon as I picked it up to take a bite the soggy bottom fell off. The flavor was decent but bread was very disappointing. Not sure I will get my husband back there. Maybe for a cupcake or brownie.
5	Great breakfast, but the star attraction are the amazing gluten free baked goods. Perfect raised donuts, cinnamon rolls, cupcakes & more. A full spectrum bakery as good as any bakery.
5	This rare find breathes freshness and wholesomeness to gluten free meals. Jewels Bakery and Cafe won't disappoint you. Their menu is always up to date with tasty and satisfying dishes that are delicious and creative. The desserts are decadent and made daily. The employees are wonderful including Jewel. It is a family owned and operated restaurant. My daughter and I enjoy every visit we make. We have never left disappointed. I would highly recommend this wonderful establishment.
5	So good. Don't believe the bad reviews. Great food, friendly and helpful staff. It's not over the top expensive and they have Vegan options for those with multiple food restrictions! I'm coming here every week!
5	Who knew there was a gluten free bakery in town??? My best friend just showed me this pace today and it's seriously amazing! I live on the west side of town, but this is well worth the drive. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable about the ingredients of all their naked goods and lunch menu items. The decor is very nice too! They have quite the eccentric collection of tables and chairs, but I'm really impressed how well everything fits together since nothing matches! Love every aspect of this place!
5	Although I've only been to Jewel's for pastries and cakes, it is one of my favorite bakeries in the Valley.  You wouldn't even know Jewel's divine desserts are gluten-free.  Her pastries and cakes are moist and light and packed with flavor.  With a rotating array of goodies behind the counter, you'll never be at a loss to find something sweet and delicious when you stop in.
5	I can't stop ordering the biscuits and gravy! Next time I will TRY to order something else bc it's really unusual for me not to try a variety of things. However, where can you find good gf biscuits that you want to eat again? You forget you're eating gf. Dangerous, so dangerous....
5	So cute! While I didn't try the food, they had great gluten-free baked goods with a lot of variety. Loved the chocolate chip cookies and the donuts were pretty good too for being gluten-free..
4	I took my daughter who has Celiac's Disease to Jewel's.  She tried the BLT, she loved the bread and the sandwich overall.  The bacon was way under cooked thus the missing star.We tried the macaroons, they were fresh and delicious.  We took home a cupcake and a cinnamon roll which my daughter really liked.  We were there at lunch time on a Saturday and it was super busy, we had to wait a bit to order.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  We will be back for sure, nice to have new place to go.
4	I love that this place is gluten-free and the pastries are so yummy. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff!
4	This was our first time eating here. It was highly recommended by a family member. The wait was a bit long but worth it. My wife had the chicken and waffles and I had the curry chicken salad sandwich. I'm now a gluten free bread lover. The sauce that came with the chicken and waffles was the bomb. All and all it was a great experience. (Try the peanut butter cookie)
5	Amazing for brunch. Only harm is that they close early. I tried their fruit plate and chicken with waffles. EEverything was do e ad healthy as possible. Even the waffles and chicken were as healthy as they get. Incredible. And the fruit plate was fresh. Tad on the expensive side for brunch but worth it
5	Just went to try this place for breakfast this morning. I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was. Apparently it is Gluten Free as well. Their homemade donuts were so fluffy and delish. I ordered the stuffed french toast which was amazing.  My Bf ordered chicken fried chicken which I normally don't care for but it was so full of flavor. We will definitely be back. The coffee was really great as well.
5	One more fantastic spot that I've driven by and not stopped in. BIG MISTAKE! 10$ om let and potatoes that ranks up with the best. Going to be part of my routine now.... can't wait to hit more of this cool menu!
4	Good, delicious, and wholesome food. Staff was great, service was good and food was delicious. I had the chicken and waffles with an extra egg on the side.  The green berry tea was also a treat. I definitely would visit this place when stopping in Phoenix. You could tell they use great ingredients as the food also felt good after eating.Good atmosphere, wireless internet, and nice patio.
5	Jewel's Bakery is surprisingly amazing. I was looking for gluten-free options thinking I would pick up a small pastry, but ended up eating the French Toast on the breakfast menu. It was not a traditional French Toast with generic sliced bread, but almost a cinnamon roll type consistency that was small and satisfying. And whatever syrup they give you is absolutely the best syrup you've ever tasted. Add in some slightly browned potatoes and nicely cooked bacon, and you've got one of the most satisfying breakfasts I've had in a long time in Phoenix.Be prepared to wait for your food. It seems like quality is preferred over quickness here. And let's be honest if you're out to breakfast why not enjoy the experience for as long as possible.The Pumpkin Spiced Latte was excellent as well. Homemade syrup that was flavorful without seeming chemically. If you're in the area skip LGO and head to Jewel's Bakery instead!
4	Just wanted to update this....Been able to get in  now. The cup cakes are awesome and great for work parties!  The service does lack sometimes.  There is not a "focus on the customer" attitude.  Last time I was there it was 5 minutes standing at the counter before anyone said anything and the guy that helped me was the one that behind the counter putting things away. He saw me but wasn't very friendly. The cookies are great too.You really need to try this place, be patient and you will like it.
5	I am a damn good cook and I pride myself on my baking skills. Since finding out about my auto immune bullshit celiac I've been thrust into the throngs of "trendy" and "fad" lifestyles. Physically it's worth every sacrifice but sometimes I'm bitter. Bitter because of breakfast. Waffles and cinnamon rolls to be specific. Well guess what, Jewels does it, and they do it with the best ingredients around. No hype, no pretentious menu, good food, delicious coffee and excellent staff have put this on my rotation. Get in the car and come try something new. Side note: sugar cookies here are legit
5	Jewel's is this families new favorite breakfast stop in the hood! I was loving it because everything is made fresh daily but the boys loved it, well, because....it's DELISH!  The pancakes are a MUST!!! They make their own syrup which is to die for. I'm not sure what they do to their bacon to make it so good. French Toast....YUMM!! Potatoes....more please! I'm with the previous reviewer- skip the rat race at LGO and give Jewel's a try. You won't be disappointed!
5	This place is amazing! It's the second time I come here and I don't live in AZ. They have plenty of gf dairy free options SO GOOD! big thumbs up!
5	This place is a dream come true.  100% gluten free menu, yet from the look and taste of everything, you would never guess. The atmosphere is casual and welcoming. I like that you order at the counter. It feels very relaxed. I like the sandwiches and French fries. The bread is soft and chewy, unlike most GF breads. I take a loaf to go, along with a doughnut or cinnamon roll.
5	Just an amazing concept great breakfast menu and even better brunch menu love the cupcakes and cookies
5	This is a 10 Star Cafe!!! My friend recommended this place to me and said I had to try it! I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience at Jewel's Bakery and Cafe. I stood in line and people were telling me what a GREAT place it is. I haven't had a doughnut in 5 years... it was DELICIOUS!!!  I went on to purchase Two Sandwiches, 2 Doughnuts, 2 Scones, Cookies and Sweet Bread and a Loaf of Bread and Two Iced Teas... Everything was amazing!!! Being Gltuen Free for 4 years has changed my life and transformed my health. However, finding a place such as Jewel's has not been found here in Temecula, CA - I would highly recommend this Cafe and since I visit AZ fairly often, I plan on coming back again and again!P.s. I took everything home and shared half with my beautiful daughter who also cannot eat Gluten.... She was thrilled and ate her doughnut as fast as I did :o)
5	We are gluten and dairy free so traveling can be a real PIA. We found this amazing GF restaurant on yelp and loved it. The baked goods were perfect and we had a delicious full breakfast. Def recommend - the staff were helpful and our meal was reasonably priced. Also close the airport.
4	We were looking for a place to eat and decided to give it a try. It's super cute and completely gluten free. I had the bacon dish which was just scrambled eggs and a lot of awesome bacon -very tasty. Fiance had the eggs benny which was different and not the traditional. It wasn't bad but we didn't like the bread part on the bottom. It also had a TON of sauce. It was still pretty good. The cookies though are AMAZING!I would go back here for another try at the food and for sure the baking. The staff is super cute and nice so that makes it worth it as well.
5	This bakery is becoming an addiction... geez. I now stop in weekly to pick up scones or a treat for my weekends with my love. Who doesn't want a maple pecan glazed scone with their coffee? I switched it up and got the salted caramel brownie and the pumpkin cheesecake for our dinner date and was blown away by the brownie. Crisp on top with flecks of sea salt, caramel oozing on top like a proud river of sugar love. (don't judge me... It was so good I got poetic) The pumpkin cheesecake knocked my guys socks off and will be his birthday cake this year for sure. Fresh whipped cream, whole ingredients and perfect texture make this a clear winner. Why have you not been here yet?
3	It's worth a visit. The place is cute. Has good customer service. Plenty of seating. Everything is on the $$$$ side. $5 for a 12oz pumpkin latte. $3 for a mini cupcake.I had a yelp check-in for free cookie, which tasted great but it's dry and crunchy. I don't like crunchy cookies. I probably won't be a regular here. I might return if I'm in the area and is craving some immediate sweets.
5	I can't say enough about this place. we visited multiple times for breakfast and have been pleased.  But ordering our pies and rolls for thanksgiving blew us away on how great this place is! Well done Jewels, well done.
5	There are few places I can go and eat gluten free food where I don't want to skip a meal. This place, however, is most excitingly exceptional. My wife and kids eat gluten free and it's really hard to agree on a place we like. We typically do Sunday Brunch/Lunch at Jewels, and it's great! The Chicken and Waffles is killer! I'm so glad this restaurant exists.
4	Super adorable and the food was great!! Love the atmosphere and the staff was fantastic!
4	Everything was amazing. I mean everything (4 kids and 6 adults). Minus one star for not refilling water jug and a bug that was there for the whole hour right by it.
4	The place was a zoo. We bought torrone outside. Some of the best I have ever had. We waited on line for 30 minutes to buy pastries. They were pretty pricey. Probably raised due to the feast. The elephant ears were awesome! But well worth the wait. The eclairs and Italian pastries were also good. Not worth the wait. So visit on quiet weekends where there will not be any wait, and everything will be worth it!
5	a place with mysticism, with a very warm atmosphere old. I was lucky to try their famous canolis and other sweets more and they were amazing. and everything is awfully tempting! an excellent option to pause in little italy
4	Really enjoyed the Cartel Coffee as well as the Chicken and Waffles! My friend got the French Toast and loved it.
5	We wandered into Veniero"s while we were waiting to get into  Jewel's Bakery & Cafe, which is right rough the corner. We stocked up on some pastries for breakfast, which were very good and a great alternative (i.e. much less expensive) to out hotel's continental breakfast. If you need a quick sugar fix, it is the place for you.
4	Been here a few times now, I appreciate this spot for the consistent quality food prep & good service. I also like the open windows throughout. The environment is chill and great for those mornings when you want to avoid chaotic spaces. They serve Cartel coffee which is a plus in my book.
5	The food is Amazing!!!! Eat something. Just do it. ...AND they serve excellent coffee. :)
5	We have eaten here quite a few times and tried mostly breakfast items. They have all been 5 star, but I am here to review the baked goods because OMG they are to die for. I got my 30th birthday cake made here and it was amazing! So moist and not too sweet. It weighed about 10-15 lbs and was worth every single penny. I always buy a package of biscuits when we come by and they are perfect!! This last time, I picked up a package of cookie dough and they are literally among the best chocolate chip cookies I have ever had!!  There have been many times that I have said to myself "there is no way everything is gluten free" but it is. Do yourself a favor and check it out. We also love the kale chips in the potatoes. I do wish they had some non-pork meat options though. That's the only thing I can think of that they can improve on.  Maybe some turkey bacon/sausage or even veggie burgers.  Be prepared to empty your wallet when you come here because everything from the coffee to the brownies is perfect!
5	I am several days late writing this review...but I couldn't forget.  Now, Jewel's is ridiculously close to my house, in the same shopping center as my pet store and hair stylist, and has ample parking.  So major bonus points for a super location.  And the cafe itself is comfy, cozy, relaxed.  And the weekday menu includes cheesy grits.  I repeat, cheesy grits.  Takes me back to college days and these are good.  The crumbled pancetta doesn't hurt it either :-)  They have a fun menu - some classics, some twists on classics.  Great pastries, cupcakes, etc.  And they use Cartel coffee.  And they are friendly. They do seem to have a different menu on weekdays vs. weekends...so be prepared to be flexible and enjoy!
5	Pleasing experience. While standing in line I observed an act of generosity.  They are talented through being efficient, patient, heloful with delicious food. My order included Cappuccini, Biscotti, and curried chicken with pineapple replacing melon ( out of season ).They were sold out of the soup of the day which frankly speaks highly of the offering and good business. At least three people inquired as to the experience being positive. The paper menu is on heavy stock which told me inquire if okay to take. I was told yes and that the menu would be different next week. I hope you will agree this is both innovative and again good business. The curried chicken was appealing enough where a stranger asked me what it was and stated intention to get next time. The host being on his toes not only had me enjoying but a dinervowing to get it on subsequent visit!
5	Since finding out a year ago that I was gluten intolerant, I have looked far and wide for good gluten free options at restaurants, and while most are good, they just aren't the same as their gluten laden counterparts...UNTIL now!  Jewels Bakery and Cafe is awesome!  I haven't had one thing there that was bad & that's huge considering that a majority of foods that are gluten free taste "off" or taste grainy or like cardboard to me.  They are a little on the pricey side, but I will gladly pay for good food that is gluten free!
4	Such a cute little place ! I had no idea that it existed. We had the build your own grilled cheese with turkey , Caramelized onions and cheddar cheese. It wasn't super cheesy but it was pretty good. Also it came on gluten free bread. Did I mention this bakery is gluten free and organic. I also ordered the Caesar salad which had chicken , some sort of grain as well light Caesar dressing. It was absolutely amazing , the lettuce was fresh. I really want to go back and try their baked goods and breakfast. Give them a try !!
5	First time for going and I will be a repeat customer. I had the house salad which included feta cheese, pecans and croutons. All gluten free. I added the tuna for a little protein. The bakery case was full of delicious lookng pastries. I couldn't pass them up. I had a salted Carmel cupcake. Frosting was DELISH!! I am not usually a frosting fan, but it was so creamy and good.
4	The BEST gluten-free dessert options in the valley. Helpful staff, decent prices.
