4	My sister LOVES Someburros so today while shopping, I decided to stop by for some Mexican food "to-go". It was day 2 since their grand opening but since I heard so much about it, I had to go. The line was obviously long, but worth it. Food was great. I ordered the chicken fundido which came with rice and it was only $5 (it wa their special for the day). Had to pay an extra $1.50 for chips (boo). Ordered a cheese burger for my son, it was large and in charge. I would for sure go back....The only gripe is that people who are waiting for food "to go" kinda lingers around the front because there really isn't anywhere for us to go and wait without taking up table space for people eating at the restaurant.
4	I've eaten at the Gilbert location before so I remembered that the tacos were good.  Was scoping this place out at least a month before it opened....it was like a Mervins commercial....OPEN OPEN OPEN!  Well, it finally did, and the tacos are still good! For a semi fast food joint the food is well above average!  Crunchy tacos are delish..beef and chicken, rice has a good flavor, I don't really eat beans so their beans are ??? And the other items other ppl were eating looked good.  Guac...not bad and better than expected. Chips...decent. Salsa decent.  Like I said, GREAT for what it is. Two thumbs up for clean and super nice service!  We will be back soon for sure!
4	I am so happy the Someburros has finally ventured North and opened a location in Scottsdale....although I really wish it was closer to Old Town where I live, but I will take what I can get!  The Borracho Burro is the best....a must try! And while you can't drive thru and order, the drive thru pick up window for take out is a nice perk!
4	I'm so happy that Someburros finally opened up its North Scottsdale location; I used to live down the street from the Tempe location. It's a great place to get a quick Mexican bite that has better ingredients than a "bertos" style joint. The size of the burritos is not ginormous, but that's because you're paying for better and fresher ingredients. Fresher ingredients play a big part in compensating on the slightly smaller portions, but they boost the overall flavors and I can't complain about that. For around $6 I had lunch and didn't leave hungry.The Scottsdale Air Park now has another good Mexican restaurant (Habenero's being the other) that will leave its customers full and content. Expect me here for lunch pretty often.
1	I waited and waited for this place to open hoping for a good fast food Mexican restaurant.  Boy, was I disappointed.  I ordered the mini chimis with guacamole and rice.  The chimis had meat in them that resembled dog food.  The guacamole was tasteless.  I also got an order of chips and then thought I would try both of their salsas.  The hot sauce (which is what they call their salsa) had a little heat to it, but I would not say that it was HOT.  The chunky salsa, which they described to me as tomatoes with vegetables???, and I said you mean like pico de gallo? and they said yes - it was basically tomatoes in a lot of juice with some onion, jalapinos and cilantro floating in it.  It had more of a taste of green peppers.  Others in my family ordered a beef burrito (that is all it had in it - just beef), a cheese enchilada and a beef enchilada and nachos.  The enchiladas were not the best and the nachos were small tostada shells covered in beans and cheese with some tomatoes on them and then apparently put under a broiler to burn the edged. Although I know that this location was completely remodeled, when I walked in, it reminded me of a place from the 80's.  The decor was cheap and old fashioned.We will not go back to this restaurant.
2	Maybe Someburros was too hyped up by my co-workers, but I didn't see what all the fuss was about. It was definitely not bad, but I don't understand what is so special about it.I ordered the veggie burro, and while for the money the portions were small, it was pretty good. It came with a cup of pico de gallo that I had wished was just wrapped up inside the burro as it brought some much needed flavor. The complimentary chips were OK, and the salsa was excellent. My favorite part of my lunch was the horchata, but I do believe it was from a mix. I had a decent lunch at a good price, but I don't see myself salivating over the memory of it and craving to return. I'm not sure if there are actually better ingredients at play here versus Filiberto's or any number of similar local spots, and since there are places just a bit farther away, I'll probably stick to them instead. It certainly was cleaner, that's for sure.I did notice that their speciality chicken fundido is on special every wednesday at a mere $5, and I think that might entice me to return and re-review. Maybe I just had bad luck with the menu?Stay tuned.
3	OK, so I re-visited Some Burros today specifically for the Chicken Fundido special. Somehow they managed to pack a ton of flavor into this chimichanga-esque dish for the awesome price of $5.00, so much so in fact that i've gave them another star. This dish is great, no question about it, and for only $5.00 I might become a Wednesday regular.
4	I wasn't sure what I expected when I came in here. This is a pretty casual burrito joint, where you order first and they bring the food to you. It's not as "gourmet" as Chipolte tries to be and is likely closer to authentic Mexican food than specialty food.Again, I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but I did like the special that I ordered. The portions have a decent size to them, too.
4	I stopped in today on a whim after a Trader Joe's visit. I was impressed by how clean and organized it was inside! Maybe all the construction that had been going on had me associating it with dirt, but there was none to be found! Due to a lunch hour time crunch, I automatically opted for the daily special- a Boracho Burrito and large drink. For 8 bucks I was impressed by the quality: The chips were standard issue corn and the salsa was in a little squirt bottle that the cashier got out of a fridge behind the counter. It was blended instead of chunky-which I find muy bueno. There were good sized chunks of tender beef in the burrito, a ton of cheese on top, extra sauce all over and generous dollops of guac and sour cream on the side. Definitely a solid, inexpensive meal. I will hit it up again for sure. *For some reason it got me thinking about one of my fave college days hangouts- Two Peso's! Except they dont have a guy yelling "Two-FEEFTY-four, nomber twoFEEFTYfour" when your order is up. Loved that.**That was totally irrelevant, but it felt good.
4	Great place!  The Crudo Burro is VERY hot.  But it was great.  Wonderful service, great "cheap" Mexican food, and good fruity tea.  My wife and I were very pleased.  We'd go back in a heartbeat.
1	Take this review very seriously, I am not trying to be rude or funny, or even a prisoner of the moment...I promise.For a good 7 seven years I  have held the belief that Buca di Beppo was the worst restaurant in the area, flavorless and decrepit! But there is a new sheriff in town, and his name is Someburros, and he is more evil than Arpiao. With food worse than what is probably served in tent city, I am now reeling in horror at what may come tomorrow or even within the hour. You see, the "meats" in both my and my gf's burros have got to be canned or canner quality, you know...Friskas. Seriously. The nachos were nothing but old, whole corn tortillas shingled with tepid beans, cold cheddar cheese, and a good 8 oz of jalepenos! Speechless...I'm sorry, but if you check in here, check yelp for a "nearby" urgent care center.
2	Their food is ok, nothing spectacular but not bad either. It fills you up and tastes good, like most mexican food. What I have a problem with is their business practice. I've order to-go 4 times now. On all four occasions they've tried to hold back on food that you pay for. Coincidence?...I think not!The first time they didn't provide a taco we had paid for. Everyone can make a mistake so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. The second time they tried to do it again but I double checked and caught them so they had to give it to me before I left. The third time I checked all the tacos (which were correct) but noticed that they didn't give us the guacamole we had paid for. Today they tried to do the same thing with the chunky salsa but I caught them again so I got it before I left.Granted that all these items vary from 0.75 - 2.50 it's not too big of a deal but if they do this to a majority of orders they'll make a lot of extra money in a very unethical way.Like I said, their food is ok but make sure you double check EVERYTHING because they WILL try to stiff you on a few bucks if they can.
3	My son loves Someburros and asks for it at every opportunity.  Probably payback for trying to steer him away from his beloved Taco Bell.  Someburros' food is pretty good, and about the same quality as you'd get at nearby institutions Carlos O'Brien's and Los Olivos.  For no waiter service, though, I'm surprised Someburros' prices are about the same as the others, too.  Someburros is good if you just want a quick bite, but if you have just 10 minutes more, Carlos' is only 2 blocks away and will give you huge portions of the same quality food for about the same price.
5	As a Phoenix Native, I'm used to all the "Family" owned Mexican food restaurants like Manuels, Macayos, and Garcias to name a few. So its great to see the Vasquez family expand into Scottsdale with their newest Some Burros location. I doubt  Scottsdale residents know about their original restaurant, Pancho's, ( on South Central in Phoenix) and I doubt this crowd would ever venture down that way...even on a bet. But good news, you don't have to.Some Burros is not one of those idiotic ____berto's chain restaurants, nor is it a taco bell, baja fresh, or any of the other lame, so-called "Mexican" fast food joints.Some Burros is  a great atmosphere, half the price of Manuels or Macayos, takes 15 -20 minutes tops, and the recipes are off-the-charts good.Their concept and business model is unique from others in the sense that they offer great recipes for half the cost and in a sit down atmosphere.Scottsdale...take notice and patronize this location to insure they stick around...otherwise we will be doomed to Macayos, Manuels and Arriba once again.
5	I am impressed!  Cute, clean, tasty.  And I'm hard to please with Mexican food.  It rivals some of the "better" Mex restaurants for traditional fare.  I loved the green chili burro.  The guacamole was very nice. The chips were fresh and not greasy.  Actually - better restaurants could learn a lot from the decor and ambiance in Some Burros.  Tasteful, colorful flowers on every table - even on the outside tables.  That's part of a good experience.Table delivery is a plus for a "fast food" restaurant.  Management and employees were happy and attentive.  We'll be back......soon.
2	I went here a few months ago, well I guess when they first opened, whenever that was (the fall of 2010 maybe). Anyways I am a vegan so asked about their vegan options. They said that pretty much everything was made with lard (I didnt know that people really still used that) but they said that they had a vegan burrito. I was assured that there wasnt any kind of un-vegan ingredients (such as cheese) in it. I ordered the vegan burrito with much skepticism. Once I got home and got about half way through the burrito I got a big mouth full of CHEESE!! I was so upset because I was assured that it was vegan and did not come with cheese. But even worse,  I think that they started putting cheese on the burrito and then realized that it was supposed to be the vegan burrito with no cheese and they just kind of picked what cheese they could off and left the cheese that they couldnt easily pick off on there. I am not positive thats what happened but im pretty sure.Anyways aside from the fact that they REALLY messed up my order, the burrito was just okay. It was really pretty greasy. My fiance on the other hand seems to enjoy this place, he gave it 4 stars. He said that it is a good place for greasy mexican, and on Wednesdays you can get a huge burrito for only 5 dollars.
2	Stopped by the Scottsdale Some Burros tonight, I asked the girl if the verde scramble was vegetarian. She said yes, except that it came with refried beans, and they had lard in them. She said I could substitute whole beans for the refried at no extra charge. Great, except that when I got home, I saw that I was charged an additional $1.75 for the whole beans. To make it even worse, I didn't get whole beans, I had the refried beans. They've  just lost a customer. We won't be back.
4	I absolutely love this place. I joke around that it would make my Mother jealous if she knew how much I liked it. My Dad says the same thing. Growing up on Mexican food I can honestly tell you that the food tastes just like Mom and Nana used to make. I would try different places from time to time and felt like I was a bit of a critic holding them to the "food I grew up with standard". Little did I know how excellent Someburros is. Tamales take an incredible amount of time to make and the ones here are pretty tasty and I have no idea how they do it. The chicken tacos are wonderful and even the corn tortilla that it is in reminds me of ovens full of tacos that Mom would feed us with. The red sauce on the enchiladas is excellent and tastes just like Nana's.When a simple lunch triggers childhood memories, it's good enough to rave about in a review. This is not a corporate joint, so do not expect that. It is a family owned establishment that makes some pretty authentic Mexican food. It is discouraging to see people compare this restaurant to a Rubios or Baja Fresh. The food is fast but it definitely does not taste like fast food and I seriously doubt they have horchata at either of those places. While it is as close to the real deal as I have tasted, it is just as good, if not better, than some of the sit down Mexican restaurants that I have been to.
2	This was a last minute choice when we were in the area. I had never been before and this location had just opened. The inside is very family friendly with new everything. The food just left something to be desired. I thought it was just OK for the price. I ordered a bean burrito and the tortilla tasted a little off--i couldnt put my finger on it. The chips and salsa were great though. The service was also good, lots of high school looking kids, but they were nice.
3	Dropped by for lunch recently.  The restaurant is one of those 'Tweener' places that's not quite fast food, not quite sit down.  You order at a counter and they bring the food out to you.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HshPHJ-OJ0rpVR-okV55Rg?select=DfsU-CsIddif5KvRj2aeQAAfter browsing the menu, decided to go with the Carne Asada Burro (Steak, Beans, Rice and Pico de Avocado, $4.95).  It comes with complimentary Chips & Salsa and you can refill your Chips.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HshPHJ-OJ0rpVR-okV55Rg?select=NHAjUA3KMYUy-V8y5i1myAThey have a bottle of Hot Salsa on the table for you to use.  It's not too Spicy, but better than Mild Salsa.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HshPHJ-OJ0rpVR-okV55Rg?select=vDjj2E6e0LU0j7BHBI9PYQThe Burro was just OK, nothing special.  The food was fresh but just lacked that extra special flavor to make it great.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HshPHJ-OJ0rpVR-okV55Rg?select=nl6zwg9DykIVa0VqehHnYQOverall, it was a A-OK experience.Return Factor - 30%
2	If you like plastic plates and forks, stryrofoam cups and ordering at a counter, you may like SomeBurros.Basic Mexican food you can find on any corner.   Don't go expecting more.
1	I have been to Someburros one other time, Food was just ok. I decided to today to try their breakfast burritos. After waiting for 30 minutes they had forgotten my order and then lied and said that it takes a long time to cook chorizo. She speaks to the cooks in Spanish to make my order and then turns to me and states said that it was not her fault, then whos fault would it be? Blame it on the cooks? Avoid this place! Poor service, awful food and employees who blame others and don't even apologize when they make a mistake. Eek! Me thinks not.
2	I ate lunch a few times here this year when I worked nearby. I'd gotten a couple of breakfast burritos that were acceptable, with my major complaint being the nearly raw and flavorless tortilla. I guess I am spoiled by Carolina's tortillas. I also think it's baloney that they charge the to-go people for chips, but not those who sit and dirty their tables. How does that make sense?The real travesty is the $5 fundido Wednesday special. My colleagues were so gaga over it for weeks, that I finally broke down and got one. When I expressed my *ahem* disappointment, I got labeled a "foodie snob."  If being a foodie snob means that I don't find bland, boiled, hard chicken surrounded by a messy pile of other sub-standard ingredients acceptable, then I am a proud foodie snob. I've had fundido at plenty of other Mexican places around town, and this is no fundido.
5	I LOVE this place!  I go there at least once a week (sometimes more) for lunch.  The food is very tasty and yes they serve real beans (not the canned stuff)!!!!!!  The Carne Asada Burro is one of my favs.  Staff is friendly and offers fast convient service.  If you haven't stopped in yet, I would suggest you put it on your TO DO List :)
4	I was impressed with SomeBurros.  Technically this would be a Casual Dining Establishment but with the speed, efficiency, and price of a Fast Food Restaurant.Our food was tasty and filling. Plus they have misters for outside dining too.
2	I had one sub-par meal there, the meat was not very flavorful, the tortilla nothing near authentic.  Tried it again just to be sure, and the second time it was again sup-par.  There is definitely better Mexican food to be had in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.
2	Horribly slow here with food, and some items were just downright foul (eggs in the breakfast burrito).  Hot sauce in the plastic tube was good though, as well as the spicy tomatillo sauce.  No real drive-thru.  What the heck?
4	Chicken taco's are the BOMB! BOOM... Good flavor, value and clean! Passes my test for semi fast food.
4	Someburro's is a great place to grab an inexpensive meal when you are too tired to make anything and/or feel like having a big satisfying mexican meal. You can call in your meal ahead of time and tt has a drive thru if you're really feeling lazy. I like Someburro's when I feel like having a fatty, lazy meal - you can deep fry whatever you order for $1 more. - Veggie Burrito: This baby comes double wrapped (yes, TWO giant tortillas) and is filled with beans, cheese, and their very good guacamole salsa. I really like the guac-salsa more than the regular guacamole. The guac-salsa is literally guacamole mixed with pico de gallo and somehow the combination is better than the two parts. I get this enchilada style with the red sauce, which is really really good enchilada sauce. It is very creamy and thick and has a very yummy flavor.- Cheese Enchiladas: Not as good as the enchilada-style veggie burrito (I think) but passable. Definitely get the meal version because the enchiladas themselves are on the small side.- Rice & Beans: Nothing special here, just standard average orange rice and refried beans.
1	I ordered lunch for everyone at my office. I arrived at the drive-thru but somehow the drive-thru isn't really a drive-thru. Let me explain. There is no menu board nor a speaker to talk to. It's just a window. That makes no sense, right? So I decided to just park and go inside to pick up my food. I ordered my food and was about to leave when I looked in my bag and there were no tortilla chips. The employee was giving out free tortilla chips to the ones dining in at the restaurant. So I ask if I could have a small bag of chips. I was told that I would have to pay a fee for the chips if it was a take-out order. What is up with that?! So I reluctantly pay because you got to have chips with a Mexican meal. It's just tradition! On my way to the office, I noticed the bag sitting on my car seat was drenched with fatty oil that it soaked THROUGH the bag onto my leather car seats. Gross! So I arrive at the office and we all started to eat our lunch and we realized that the restaurant must be using lard because the flavor of the fat was so strong and distinct. Someone had ordered a chorizo burrito and the chorizo was completely burnt. My chimichanga was drenched with some red sauce. The spices in the sauce (cumin) was so strong, that it overpowered all other flavors. I could not eat it. Someone had tacos and they were dripping with fat. At this point, we all decided to throw the food away. It was not edible. I wish I would have not wasted my $35 dollars here and I could have donated my money to charity. A complete WASTE.Don't listen to the other reviews exclaiming how great the food is. I've been living in Phoenix for over 30 years and have NEVER experienced such disgusting Mexican food. Don't bother wasting your hard earned money here.If I could, I would give this place ZERO STARS. The only thing going for this place is the decor, but who cares about that if the place serves disappointing food. I know good Mexican food and this is just not it. I would rather eat at a taco stand in down town Phoenix than this place. STAY AWAY!
5	As with other Someburros locations, they serve up excellent food at an inexpensive price.  The chorizo burro had a good proportion of meat to egg and potato, and was very flavorful, especially paired with the salsa they serve.  The salsa here seems to be tastier and more flavorful than at other locations.  The horchata here was refreshing, and not too sweet.  The service people at the counter were very friendly.  I'm glad there's a good place to get Mexican food in North Scottsdale!
3	Not the most authentic or delicious mexican joint in town, I've had tastier food at those drive-thru Mexican places but Someburros has a couple perks. 1.  They sell margaritas2. They have a drive-thru pickup window for phone orders3. Good deals on groupon now, and prices are already  fairly lowTip, try the pollo fundido- it's like a chimichange, and best thing I've tried here so far.
1	I never knew green chilies were more valuable than gold. We ordered a dozen red tamales and a dozen green chilies. The person taking our order was not happy that we did not give them a 24 hour notice that their "gourmet tamales" require for such a large order. The red tamales were as dry as sawdust and the green chilies came with one small sliver of chili. The "hot Sauce" they have is nothing more than enchilada sauce with red chili flake added. Next time I'll just go to Del Taco where two dozen .40 cent tacos do not require a 24 hr notice from a family of 6.
3	I've been going to the Tempe location for quite some time now and just recently made my way to the north location. When I first walked in I was impressed with the amount of seating, but then the smell hit me. What is up with the overwhelming sewer smell? No one wants to eat in a place that smells like a sewer.. So we ordered and took refuge on the outside patio. The breakfast burritos were ok, not amazing but better than bertos. Sometimes the service can be a bit slow and when people don't clean up after themselves the place gets pretty messy. I would recommend the veggie burro, great fresh pico and big chunks of avocado. I would however order it to go.
2	In a town FILLED with awesome Mexican food places... this place is sorely out of it's league! Nothing worse than paying more than you should for what amounts to nothing more than mediocre food. Places like this should always remember that there is never a Taco Bell never far away. Was my lunch edible? Sure. Was if good? No. Was I upset I paid $8? Yes!These guys need to take trip to Filiberto's and see what you get for five bucks. HUGE carne asada burritos... that's what! Looking over everyone else reviews, I guess I am going against the grain on this one... but I call it like I see it.This place was way better when a Krispy Kreme donut stood in its same location. You should walk the extra few feet and eat at In and Out Burger.
4	Really good quick service Mexican food.  Definitely recommend the cheese crisp.
4	Not bad!  We stumbled upon this place a few weeks ago.  My hubby had eaten here before so he showed me the ropes, so to speak.  They have a large menu and it can be quite overwhelming, especially if you go during lunch and everyone else seems to know what they want.  If you have to stare at the menu for a while, it's best to step aside or you will be trampled.  Not knowing what I was doing, the employees were quick to suggest things and very helpful and patient.  The food was good, but a little bland.  Spice it up a little people!  It's a Mexican food restaurant!
3	Perfectly fine way to satisfy that on again off again craving for that bastardized Mexican food that we've grown up with.  Nothing outside of the standards that you'll get at Julio G's, TeePee, Macayo's or anywhere else but nicely executed and at a reasonable price.
5	Atkins and South Beach diets say eat more red meat if you want to be thin. Harvard Medical School says to eat more red meat if you want to be dead.Implicitly, this means my new weight-loss goal should be somewhere between thin and dead, and since I tend to lean more toward thin, I'm going with dead. And here's how.Someburros' crudo burrito, sans the tortilla.Order a side of crudo for $3.25, and if Harvard is right, you'll be dead in no time, this despite it's deliciously marinated beef smothered in spicy tomatillo sauce.Yes, if South Beach and Atkins are good weight loss programs, you'll be in that banana hammock in less than a month, grossing-out all the girls poolside.Well fuck you Harvard Medical.As if I'm going to listen to anything you say about red meat or any other fucking thing.I'll bet you guys never even looked at my entrance application...did you? Do you know what a lousy lib arts degree from Phoenix College gets you? Can you say nada?Or don't you waste your precious researcher's time studying relationships between rejected Harvard applicants and how fucked their lives eventually become?Perhaps you should, because if you did, you'd know how my life is a steaming pile of dogshit, and how my eating red meat and dying is the least of my concerns at this point.Arrghh
4	Tried this joint out the other night after driving by the place for a year or so, was pleasantly surprised. It's definitely "gringo" Mexican food, but it was really fresh and tasty. Much better than other gringo-mex places such as Chipotle and Baja Fresh. Its a partial fast food place in that you order at the counter and they bring it to your table on trays, also with a fill your own soda fountain. They have very nice tables and booths, and the place was extremely clean and presentable. Not sure I'll make a habit of frequenting this spot, because I prefer more authentic, spicy mexican food, but this is a good place for folks with mild palettes.
3	Fast inexpensive and unpretentious. It ain't authentic and doesn't pretend to be.  Not "cheap," but not expensive.  Middle of the road, quick and comfortable.
5	I have no Idea why you wouldn't love this place. It is a basic fast food mexican restaurant and all the food is authentic. I think there are just too many Jerks on Yelp.It is fast food, what do you expect!!!!!
4	The prices are a bit high, but the flavors are good. I recommend the red enchilada's.
3	fresh. fast. clean. friendly. taste is not 100% to my liking but settles the mexican craving with the bean and rise shibang.
5	Great prices. My daughter and I ate there for $12 and walked out stuffed. It's definitely not authentic Mexican but it is still good. I got the green chili chimichanga and a beef taco. Both were fantastic for the money. The only knock on the place I have is that it was 90* in the dining room so I just took my food to go.
4	Very pleasantly surprised with this place. I expected an Oregonian "Baja Fresh" experience but it was more than that. I had a beef tostado, and LOVED the shell. So fresh and not just a hard corn tortilla. It was fresh and flaky. The beef was also marinated well and was fresh too. The prices were reasonable (tostado was under 6 bucks) and food arrives fast and hot. A solid choice for a quick lunch.
4	I've been to Someburros a few times now - it's all been takeout so I can't speak to the service but I absolutely enjoy the food.They have a big menu with tons of a la carte choices, I've had the bean tostada, cheese enchilada, nachos, guacamole, chips and salsa - these have been consistently tasty.  The beef potato taco was good but a little greasy (it's the kind of taco that is stuffed and then lightly fried in a pan), the shredded beef taco came with a soft corn tortilla - it was a little bland and the meat was too dry.What bumps this from a three to four star is the huge menu and extremely cheap prices.  They also offer a variety of interesting sides/extras in different sizes.   The food is fresh too, no soggy lettuce or mealy tomatoes here.  Above average Mexican fast food.
3	I would give Someburros a 4, but I feel like it would be misleading. In my mind a 4 is a "I need to go there" rating. Someburros is more of  a "If you want mexican food and you're nearby" type placeAnother reviewer said it best; this is a 'tweener place - better than fast food, not as good as a sit-down... which I actually find perfect.While they're food is perfectly acceptable, I will say that it's easy to spend more than you need to here. I've gotten a few of there combos of burritos, tacos, etc, and while they're good, you are probably going to cross (or very nearly cross) the $10 mark once you add a drink. personally I think the most underrated thing on the menu is the Mexican Pizza. It's a 14" cheese crisp with green chili beef, tomatoes, and green onions. It has plenty of flavor, it's def. filling, and it's cheap - $4.80. (this is also perfect Hangover Grub.) Add a small drink, the comp. chips, and you've got a pretty great meal for a hair under 7 bucks. Not the healthiest option in the world, but hey...
5	This is great Mexican fast food. No fuss, no muss. Straightforward good food.
3	Someburros is one of those places that gives me pause. I've had poor food here before, but it seems to be specific items (their chicken), as other items are quite good.This is definitely a gringo place. Everything starts bland, but you get a very nice hot sauce to put on whatever you like. They make a perfect quesadilla, but they call it a folded cheese crisp. (This is a nitpick, sure, but a cheese crisp should, I don't know, be crispy.)Every meal comes with chips which are tasty. Their enchiladas can be greasy, but I'm not sure if that is a complaint or a good thing. I enjoy their ground beef and potato tacos, but again they are hella-bland. Keep the hot sauce handy. The beans and rice in the combo platters are solid winners.This location uses ceramic plates and honest to god metal cutlery, but the Tempe (Mill) location uses foam plates and plastic cutlery. In my mind, this says a lot for the location. Neither method of serving/eating food impacts the flavor, just the atmosphere. I imagine the Tempe location may save a little money on washing dishes/cutlery as a result.In the end, Someburros is good if you want Mexican food, at a good price and are in the area. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there. Though when looking for a bargain, I have gone a little out of my way for the Tempe (Mill) location.
2	I never like when a place is slow during dinner time. At 6:45, the place should have had more people. Clue #1. The people working were incredibly friendly. They were all young, so I was impressed. BUT....the food was not impressive. I had the taco salad and the chicken was dry and tasteless. My husband had a machaca burrito and there was so much tortilla, and hardly any filling. Very disappointing. We came here for a school's fundraiser so I'm not too upset, but definitely won't be back.
4	Hot and fresh food.  Love this place.  For a 'fast food' type place...this beats most Mexican Food Restaurants around Scottsdale.  My family have been here several times, as it has become a favorite, and we've always had a nice experience.  Beans and rice always are fresh and hot.  The Chicken taquitos (combo) are great.  I like that they do not drown/cover everything in cheese like many other Mexican food restaurants.  My only complaint during one visit was that their Horchata did not taste fresh.  Other than that, it's a great dining experience.
4	Love Someburros. Great place to get cheap, tasty Mexican food that tastes authentic. This is the perfect place to swing by when you're in a hurry or want some take-out or want Mexican without paying to 'eat out'. My one complaint is they don't serve salsa, only hot sauce, (no bueno). They also have a decent selection of Mexican beers!
5	I'm so glad there is finally a good Mexican Food place here in Scottsdale with real Mexican food. If you're in the mood for a good meal that does not take a toll on your wallet try Someburros. Far better than Ajo Al's by leaps and bounds.
5	Great choice for fast causal Mexican!  Real plates and tasty, and reasonably hot salsa and chips complimentary.  Our to-go place for very reasonably priced Mexican at a place that is great to take kids.  My wife says most amazing place ever and worth moving to Arizona for.  It's not quite that good, but I for one, benefit from my wife's charitable grading on many things so I don't contradict her here.
3	The breakfast burros here in this location are bigger and that's about the only difference in the two locations. It's not your best version, but not the worst either. Potato, onion and egg seems to be a fairly healthy choice, but there was some gas involved, so beware of that fact if you are going to work after downing one of these. Only 4 bucks, so it does not break the bank either. It does seems like way too big of a building for this place.
1	Deplorable really.  The food made me sick.  I would rather have Taco Bell.
5	Really great Mexican food and it's so inexpensive. Great service and friendly Workers.
2	The staff were friendly and the place was clean. The service was also very fast. However, the food was not good. My husband got the pollo fundido and the chicken was undercooked. I got the chicken tacos and they had no taste to them. I will say the rice and beans were ok. I wasn't expecting high end restaurant quality food, but I figured this might be better than going to a traditional fast food restaurant. I was wrong.
1	Not a big fan of deep fried tacos. Hated it.   Don't waste your time.  Glorified fast food.  Blah.
5	Always love popping in SomeBurros.  Staff is great, its always clean and i LOVE the chips and salsa. LOVE IT.
5	Excellent food at an excellent price with excellent service. Our family loves SomeBurros, especially for breakfast!
2	My mother told me that if you don't have something nice to say then don't say anything at all.  So, this will be short.The service was good.  Nice, friendly staff.They have about 2 zillion menu items on their very large menu board.  When I walked up to the cashier she asked what I'd like.  I just kept reading the menu.  She asked again. I just smiled and said, "I'll need a moment".I had the #4 Combo which is three small bean mini-burros, guacamole and refried beans.  In deference to my mother's advice, it was edible.Did we need another fast food Mexican restaurant in N. Scottsdale? No.Does this place even come close to Rubios or Baja Fresh? No.Sorry Mom!
2	The food is good for fried Mexican fast food. I feel that they overcharge for the amount of food you receive and I was under the impression that it was an actual restaurant instead of somewhere where you'd seat yourself. Can't say I'd go back. Their catered stuff is good though.
1	Big sign saying gluten free, but when asked they have no idea what this means. Fryers are shared with flour and corn and so is everything else. They are obviously trying to jump on the GF bandwagon without regard to who gets sick.   Oh well, back to Chipotle!
3	lately I find myself in the area about once a week and had never tried any location of this Arizona chain.  I ordered a combination plate at the counter and found a place to sit.  Being the early part of lunch hour it was almost empty but progressively got busier while I was there.  Place was clean.  The food came out quickly and was tasty.  Both the order taker and the gentleman who brought out my food were pleasant.  I enjoyed my visit and will keep it in the rotation for when I am in the area.
5	This place always is on point!  I was very happy to see one in north Scottsdale when I moved over there.
4	Good food, friendly staff and not too busy to provide good service. I had the Chicken Chimichanga, which is what I always order to determine if a restaurant is worth returning to or not. It was very good and I will be back!
3	Had to come in because I like pollo fundido burritos and since this one had been winning awards and named in best of articles I figured I'd check it out.  Wasn't bad, chicken was moist and I liked both their red and green salsas. But, it wasn't the best one I've ever tried.  I don't even think it's the best in the north part of the valley.  Los Olivos and Valle Luna both have better fundido burritos in my opinion.  I also ordered a carne asada taco.  It tasted good,  but seems overpriced for basically just a street taco.  Restaurant was clean and nice, service was fast.  I'd come again, but I wouldn't plan on any "award winning" fundido.
1	I just moved here a few months ago from chicago and have been craving a big awesome burrito like the ones back home.. filled with sour cream, fresh tomatoes, lettuce, cheese, meat, maybe some guac all rolled up in a tender tortilla...mmmm....big glass of horchata......I was not expecting this taco bell sized burrito stuffed with nothing except for the meat I ordered. A little lettuce and whiteish red tomato on the side was all I had to pretend it was veggie stuffed. :-( and to think I passed up the delicious shrimp tacos at rubios for this? AND paid over $7 for this :'( no bueno.
5	I have been going to Someburros since they first opened in 1986. I have tried almost everything on their menu and love it all!  Best red chili beef I have ever had!  Amazing chimichangas. I could go on and on about how delicious the food is.  Fantastic!!'
5	Amazing food for a fairly inexpensive, sit down style restaurant. We take our 2 kids (ages 5 & 7) at least a couple times a month. I usually get a bean & cheese burro and a chicken taco. My wife loves the chimis, and the kids get a kids meal..usually the chicken taquitos. After dinner we almost always walk over and do a little shopping at Trader Joe's. Always clean, good prices, great food, what more can you ask for.
