4	Went on Saturday afternoon.  Sat on the outdoor patio with a fab view of the Bellagio fountain.  The Waboritas are fantastic.  Had chips and guac.  Decent size, but like everything in Vegas the price is a little steep.  Sammy Hagar showed up, worked through the crowd...totally cool.  They gave away a free shot.  Didn't need it after two Waboritas.  Would go back again on my next trip.
1	No.Obviously you don't have very high expectations when going to a place like this.. it's basically a glorified bar.. and this location is on the Las Vegas Strip...and to basically mimic what another reviewer said: the service was sloooow - and the food was GROSS. I ordered a 'chicken fajita burrito'.. which came to he table as a 'BEEF fajita burrito'.. about 35 minutes after it was ordered..AND it had CHILI all over it... like beef chili.. slopped over the top.. along with fake canned cheese.. which I guess would be fine, if that is what I had ordered.. and i was extremely drunk.  It was incorrect.. it looked unappealing.. but hey, I gave it a chance. Sufficed to say, I won't be going back for that particular menu item. (I did mention to the server that it was incorrect... he claimed they sent the wrong one, and I said I would deal with it.. but on the bill, it was listed as BEEF Fajita Burrito..as in.. he ordered the wrong item and lied to me about it.) Mistakes happen.. I get it... I'm just sayin.The 2 friends I was with, both decided it was pretty bad service as there were missing utensils, drinks for the 3 of us were coming one at a time.. and there really seemed to be no excuse for the lack in service, because they were not at all busy.   We all agreed that the drinks weren't bad.. and the outdoor patio is a nice attraction to ''people watch' from .. but other than that.. I will not be eating any of their "signature" dishes again...ever. They had chicken tenders with fries on the menu, and if I ever visit this spot again to have drinks.. and decide that I am hungry (and very lazy, because there are 10 better choices less than 50 feet away, ) I will be having those. I don't recommend the food at all. The drinks were good and the Jeremiah Sweet Tea Vodka(?) Drink.. was tasty albeit very  sweet... but I did have 2! Anyway.. that's that.. good luck in your dining adventures!
3	The food is a bit small for the price, but it is very good. Our waitress made sure we were well taken care of and even had a bit of fun with us. Drinks are a bit steep but they're also pretty stiff so I didn't mind.Not a must do, but well worth it in my opinion.
2	We came here for a late lunch on a Sunday, perhaps around 2:30 in the afternoon.  The place wasn't as crowded as it apparently had been during the normal lunch hour as the wait staff informed us.  I asked for a quieter table in a corner somewhere and we were given the table next to the kitchen which was further away from the bulk of the other diners.Two of us shared the chicken fajitas and a coconut mixed drink.  The drink was tasty and not wimpy.  It had toasted shaved coconut on the rim of the glass which was nice.  The fajitas were shared between two people and with a side of rice and beans provided enough food for two.  Pros: lots of chips; friendly waitress, tender chickenCons: no onions in the fajitas (huh?!), had to ask for water refills, service was slow bringing extra plates, loud background music.On the subject of the background music, when we came in the music was loud but not so loud as to prevent conversation.  We saw the head waiter/boss/manager-guy turn the music up to something that was too loud, and then at one point he turned it up even louder so that some waitress girls could dance on the bar top for (presumably) the entertainment of the diners.  The music unfortunately didn't make a descent down from the jet-engine level it had been set at for the amusement.  We saw one lady with her elderly mother get up, speak to the manager guy while gesticulating wildly, and then march out.  We couldn't hear anything of what they said because the music was too loud, but presumably they weren't pleased at the conversation-stopping level either.  The location is convenient but if my memory serves me there is another cantina place in the same mall where one could go to eat and  communicate with fellow diners.
2	I wanted to like this place, but it has a LONG way to go to live up to it's potential.  Location: The location is awesome, if you sit outside on the deck overlooking the strip.  Unfortunately, that is about all it has going for it right now.  Food:  The chips and salsa were mediocre, at best.  My buddy and I both had fish tacos that were just so-so.  Drinks:  The margaritas were ok but too sugary.  Staff:  The staff seemed to consist primarily of bored and indifferent teenagers.Prices:  I expect to pay a bit of a premium when eating in a resort area, but the prices here seemed out of line.Come to think of it, Sammy's place at the Kaanapali airport sucks, too.  Overpriced and lousy service.  Coinkidink?  You be the judge.  "Is this what you wanted, Sammy Hagar?Sammy Hagar, is this what you wanted, man?Dave lost his hairline but you lost your cool buddyCan't drive 55I'll never buy your lousy records againAgain, again, again, never again"  -- Nerf Herder.
2	The food was not that good; I ordered the Chicken Fajitas and chicken was dry, re-fried beans were yuk (canned re-fried beans would have been tastier). Service was okay but our drinks went dry twice before anyone came over to refill. Great atmosphere if you have an opportunity to sit out on the patio overlooking the strip. Order the Chips & Salsa and a drink and that would be the best experience of this place.
1	We went there on a Tuesday night in Jan. 2010. The weather was nice (of course) so we decided to sit outside. There were maybe 20 people or so on the patio overlooking the strip. There were no seats looking out on the strip so we sat down at a table and waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. One waitress walked by and glared at us, giving me a look like "what the fuck are you doing here and why are you making my life miserable?" So we waited a few more minutes and left. What I observed while waiting was that the ritas are served in plastic cups, which tells me that they are not going to be good. And the food looked very mediocre. I doubt that Sammy would be happy. But then again, everything is so over-priced he probably is raking in the dough.
2	Service was slow, had to "borrow" silverware from the empty table next to us because the waiter was nowhere to be found. The drinks were overpriced. The Margaritas were good however $12 for a Margarita in a plastic cup at a restaurant seems outrageous. The atmosphere was much like a Hard Rock cafe. With that being said, the food was good.
2	It's chain-restaurant Mexican food a la Chili's.  What do you expect?!  It's Sammy freaking Hagar!That being said, first I had to walk about 10 miles from the parking garage to the restaurant (I hate Planet Hollywood!).  Then I paid $40 for a house margarita, a shot of Patron and a plate of "fajita nachos" that were just Eh.  I was there on a rainy Monday night, so can't really speak for the atmo -- it was dead.  I'm sure if it had been nice out, sitting on the Strip-side patio would have at least been good people watching!
1	I'm compelled to join Yelp and add my review of this place.  Simply put, the food is not good, and overpriced.  I wouldn't mind so much the expense if it was good, but it was bad.  Just bad.When my partner and I arrived, we were seated by the hostess pretty quickly -- it was late on a week night.  We chose to sit outside, perfect spot for people watching.  We were informed that our waitress would be with us shortly.  "She was in the bathroom"!?  We waited and waited, and then waited.  Finally after she finished up in the bathroom , she arrived to take our order with indifference.  Apparently, we interrupted her potty time.A long time later, some other guy brought us our food.  I ordered the combo plate --  2 taquitos and a tamale.  The taquitos were approximately 3 inches long each.  Finger food.. the kind you get in the frozen section at your grocery store.  The tamale was approximately half the size of the typical tamale you get at any other Mexican food restaurant, and about as good as a Swanson frozen dinner selection.  My partners fajitas smelled, and looked much better.  I wished I had ordered them.  He later informed me they were rather bland.  Not even on par with Chili's or any other chain restaurant.Ok the drinks.... we both ordered the margaritas.  $10 for a small plastic cup!!  These were the kind you can get down on Fremont Street for a buck, and maybe not as good.  Advice if you must go here --  Drink soda, sit on the patio for prime people watching, and don't order a combo plate.  Don't expect good food, so have some nachos or something.   Surely they can't screw those up, but I can't attest to it.  I didn't order those.
1	I wanted to try this place for awhile so I finally did and what a waste of time and money. Fun atmosphere but all looks and no substance. Well duh! Maybe I should have known. My drink was okay but the food had no flavor! I had the combination plate with a taco and an enchilada and it sure looked good but absolutely NO FLAVOR! I felt strongly enough to speak to the manager about it, I got the feeling that he just didn't care. It was the chef's fault and he would talk to him about it. My advice-save your money and get a much better meal at Taco Bell.
1	I decided to take my wife to @CaboWaboLV for an early Valentine's dinner since she is the biggest @Sammy_Hagar fan & has been dying to check this place out since it opened. Before going I did my homework and read all the reviews that had been posted. After reading I was really surprised this place is still OPEN. Not too many good things being said. We arrived on Friday night around 10pm and the house band had just started playing. Acoustic Soul-Las Vegas' Original & Only LIVE Jukebox. They play all requests-some good some NOT so good. We were seated immediately with no wait even though the place was packed including the outdoor patio bar. The menu is mexican food with a baja twist. VERY Pricey. We ordered Beef Fajita Nachos to start-The Carne Asada Entree & a 3 item combo with Hard & Soft shell tacos and a cheese enchilada. Ice Water all around. NO drinks this time:) (However they did pour FREE shots of tequila when the band played "Mas' Tequila") The service was a little slow it took nearly 30 minutes before we saw the appetizers and we spent most of the night chewing on ice. The nachos were very underwhelming-10-12 soggy chips covered in cheap shredded cheese and sparse bits of beef fajita meat. 4 melonballer size scoops of (lettuce,pico,sour cream & guac) NO seasoning, no spice, no flavor just cheese. The complimentary chips & salsa are a much better choice. NEXT, the entrees came out- The carne asada plate covered w/cheese, onions and jalapenos. a couple tortillas and a plate with (lettuce,pico,sour cream & guac). NO salsa!! Again with the cheap shredded cheese and the jalapenos were not even cooked just sliced and covered in cheese. The fajita onions & peppers were way too much compared to the skimpy 8oz carne asada steak. The steak like the nachos had NO seasoning or flavor. FOR $20 at a bar I was really expecting something phenomenal. The 3 item combo of beef tacos and cheese enchilada was alright except for the cheese enchilada which again used the cheap shredded cheese which didnt melt well at all and was tasteless. The lack of seasoning for a mexican resataurant is really unacceptable and NO salsa with entrees no beans with the chips appetizer. :( For 2 people to have an appetizer and 2 entrees-drink ice water and get slow service for $65 pretty disappointing to say the least:(
4	All I got was a frozen margarita at 1 in the morning, so my review doesn't apply to the food. But the drinks arrived fast and you could taste the tequila without feeling like you just did a shot of it. And the cups are actually nice enough to keep.
1	I am writing this for the Cabo Wabo in the Las Vegas Airport. Wow, with hours to kill at America's most skanky airport, what else is there to do but drink? My lady and I decided to get a marg at the Red Rocker's lair on an extended layover between flights. I ordered the signature drink, the "Cabo Wabo," while my wife ordered the "I Can't Drive 55." As somewhat of a mixologist myself I must say that the drinks were subpar but what do you expect from a crummy chain restaurant at the airport? But upon receipt of the bill  we immediately renamed it "Cabo Robbo." 35 bucks for two lousy, no-tequila, corn syruppy "margaritas?" Unfortunately for us, the menu did not have prices but we figured 10 bucks max, not 15. If there had been even an ounce of tequila in the drinks I would not be hating on this business so much. Cabo Wabo deserves to die.Here's a poem I wrote about it:Cabo Robbo (Sung to the tune of Van Halen's Cabo Wabo)I've been to Taos; Austin, TexasMan, I thought I'd seen it allAround the world, workin' my passportMan, I thought I'd hit the wallThere's a crappy bar, at Las Vegas AirportIt's called Cabo Robbo cantina and barMade me want to file a health reportYou know I wanna punch Sammy HagarIf you go there once, it' won't sufficeLots of crappy drinks, tasting like bleachThe blue syrup sure makes them look niceBut once you taste one, you wanna screechWe gotta try a shitty bar, called the Cabo RobboIt ain't alright by meCome on, let me take you downThe biggest rip off you ever seenLike a slot machine but more rundownMcCarran Airport, you'd have to see it manAin't no picture ever say it rightWalkin' the concourse dodging Nascar fansPlace is filled with scroungy 'Merkans, what a sight?!?I wanna catch my flight.You know I wanna get back to FriscoIt ain't all right thereWish the fog would lift at SFOEveryone here looks like they eat CriscoCome on, let me take you downI will show you aroundLet me take you downThe biggest rip off you ever seenOver the barrel at the Vegas airport
1	The $10 Cactus Pear Margarita was disgusting, it tasted like double-strength sugar syrup and sour mix.  Probably the WORST margarita I ever had.   I didn't try the other margaritas, but if this headache inducing sugar rush margarita made it onto the menu, then the others margarita are guaranteed to be over sweet premixed crap at best.
4	Sat at the bar for drinks. Rock Daddy was playing, not too bad of a band (80s and 90s rock). Went outside to sit and people watch for a little bit since there are tables right on the Strip. Too cold, so went back inside. Surrounding people were all very nice. The bartenders were all really cool, too. Generous pours , huge shots, and not ridiculous prices for drinks. Some people were still ordering food even though it was late. I did not try the food but the smell of all of the fajitas when they were brought by started to make me nauseous. Supposedly all of the bands have to play Sammy songs as part of their sets. It's a requirement to play there. The only song I heard when I was there was "Can't Drive 55".
4	Ok, didn't eat here, didn't sit at the bar here, but we did visit here to get a drink in a guitar after seeing someone on the strip carrying one. We decided to venture out to find Cabo Wabo and finally found it at Miracle Miles in PH. The decor is very tropical, but we weren't here to admire the scenery. Went to the side of the restaurant that's actually in the Miracle Miles shop and there were two girls taking drinks order. We requested the drinks in the guitar, but couldn't decide on the flavor. She gave us samples of the ones we wanted to try. Finally we decided on the drink that tastes like mango..I forgot what it's called. She puts it in a guitar and turns the guitar on which was pretty cool. The drink was $50. Now I'm not much of a drinker so I don't know if 100 oz of alcohol is worth that price...is it? Very cool experience all in all.
3	So this place was ok.Maybe its better at night.I personally prefer diablos but even the last time I went there our bartender was a douch! The staff here is actually great our waitress outside still had a smile on her face when we wanted to move inside and the bartender inside was super nice and cute! She even made me exactly what I wanted, since I didn't like any of the drinks on the menu. Best of all I left my phone there and they somehow called my boyfriend and said they found it! So A+ for staffers and B- for food, overall that's a pretty good average I guess?
3	I ordered a taco salad and was surprised by how huge the portion was. It's a typical taco salad tossed with shredded nachos, Chedder cheese, and guacamole..nothing extraordinary. But if you're looking for a quick, non-fast food and inexpensive place to eat by the Strip, this would be a good place to stop by.
1	We ended up at Cabo Wabo because it was around midnight Sunday night and several other places we tried were closed or had long waits.  Cabo Wabo did not, and that should have sent a red flag immediately.  There was a pretty terrible karaoke band playing, and they were far too loud for a small place.  The waitress took awhile to take our order, and when asked what was good or recommended we were met with a blank stare.  She did not want to be there.  We ordered a couple margaritas and they were OK, but far too expensive.  When our food finally came, it was a little cold and just so-so.  I had the nacho plate thing (forgot what it was called) with the 12 chips, and it barely had any fajita meat on it.  Once we finished eating I waited a good 30 minutes to get my check, all while my ear drums were bleeding from the awful music.  My wife ended up going back to the hotel because the check took forever.  Overall, it was pretty bad food, bad environment, overpriced, and OK drinks.  You can do a lot better on the strip.  Heck, you can do better at a truck stop in the middle of Iowa.
2	Food was lackluster. Service was slow and unorganized.  Typical Vegas over-priced.  The only redeeming quality is the view of the Bellagio fountains.
2	Save Yourselves!!!!!!The only reason for 2 stars is that their Coconut Margarita was so yummy that I promised myself I wouldn't give Cabo Wabo only 1 star.But really....they're only deserving of 1 star....Cabo Wabo serves Tex Mex food....how can ANY Tex Mex taste bad?  Well, Cabo Wabo does it! I ordered the fish tacos...but they were out of them!  So then I ordered the shrimp tacos....and again they were out of them!  But somehow they had the shrimp quesadillas, so that's what I went with.  What I got were these WET triangle things, that had no shrimp and basically just alot of wet cheese.  It was disgusting.  I couldn't eat it....and I eat anything Tex Mex.  IF you come to Cabo Wabo (and I would really think hard about it) my advice is to just sit at the bar and have a couple margaritas.  Thankfully they don't screw that up.  Don't eat here though.  Eat your Mexican at Dos Caminos at Palazzo or Pink Taco at Hard Rock.
2	This place is good for two things:1. Margarita headaches2. People watching (exceptionally good for this)Ok, this is Vegas; but this place was pretty terrible as far as the food went. I don't think thats why anyone would go here... but still. Skip it.The margaritas are, meh... sugary and headache-making.Anyway, good location, you can see the Bellagio water show go off every half-hour, but aside from that and watching all the weirdoes walk by, no redeeming qualities. Save yourself the $50.There was a Michael Jackson impersonator just standing on the sidewalk and not dancing though...Skip it
2	I can see why it gets 2 stars...hmmmmGot a pitcher of margaritas...ahhhnnmmm...Average and steak nachos...less than average.Made like a baked cheese tortilla, blah...Learned a leason, Diablos Cantina much better.I believe after are walk back from Doubledown in 102 temp we just wanted a beverage and saw the mirage of alcohol swimming on this Mexican wannabe... leason learned. Stay with the taco trucks on Fairoaks and beer inMy cold frig...
3	A group of about 10 of us came here for breakfast/lunch on our first full day in Vegas.  We had good and friendly service.  Quite a few of us ordered the frozen $20 margaritas... Sweet and delicious!  We got our chips and salsa quickly which were pretty good.  I ordered the $10 combo plate with one chicken taco and one chicken enchilada which came with rice and beans.  The food was pretty good, though I could have used some hot sauce.  Overall, it was a good experience.
2	We had dinner here before heading out to a show because one of my friends that we were with has a little bro who's obsessed with Sammy Hagar. The place was pretty empty, so we got seated quickly.For a place that's named after a tequila brand, I was expecting WAY more from my margarita. Super, super sugary and not much tequila taste, and no where near enough salt.The place gets 2 stars because the nachos were really good. They're "build your own" and over priced, but tasty and a HUGE amount. But they arrived just a couple min before the rest of our food. And the rest of the food was TERRIBLE. My husband said the fish tacos were just ok, and everything on my combo plate was bland and greasy. Service was super slow for an empty restaurant, but the girl who came around to take pics was nice, and the hostesses let us snag a menu for my friend's bro.We ate at Salsa Cantina in Miracle Mile a couple nights before and it was SOOOO much better, even the margaritas, and cheaper. Save yourself the trip to Cabo Wabo unless you're drinking Modelo on the patio to people watch... bottled beer they can handle.
2	In search of food and out of the blistering heat of 103 degrees of Las Vegas, we ended up here just because we couldn't walk any farther. My soles were getting blisters.The pitcher of margarita was average, but the steak nachos were awful!. The chips and steak were dry and no flavors were flattering my taste buds. At least the presentation was pretty...hahaThat's what happens when you're desperate and don't read Yelp reviews.
3	I think rating Cabo depends on what you really want out of it. If it's sitting at the patio - drinking tequila, margaritas and beers - it is a cool setup and great view. The Red Rocker, Sammy Hagar owns the joint and they blast classic rock all night on the patio of the new Planet Hollywood.The food was meh. Pretty average, but not terrible. We stayed next door at the Paris, and the Cabo patio served as a great spot to meet up to catch a buzz.I ordered tacos, nachos and enchiladas in my two different visits. Think of a spicier "Chevy's." The Grilled Poblano Nachos were exceptional - the rest was just aight.The service was spotty both times too. 5 stars for drinking spot, 3 stars for food, 2.5 stars for service. Let's call it a shade above a three-star experience.
1	Boy, do I miss Trader Vic's.  We went back to the location because the outdoor seating is pretty great, thinking how bad could Cabo Wabo be?  I can almost give it 2 stars because the cadillac nachos we ordered were tasty, and almost worth the price (rare in vegas nowadays).  However, the margaritas were absolute crap.  I had the house, and my husband their "house specialty" of the evening - which claimed to be made with a reposado tequila, blue curacao, and grand marnier.  Mine was a teeny bit more drinkable than his, but was basically cheap sour mix in a 14oz. plastic cup filled to the 12oz. mark that didn't appear to have a lick of tequila in it.  C'mon people, I ordered this to actually enjoy the limey tequila flavor, not a gut-rot lime sour drink.  And yes, I did say this was slightly more drinkable than my husbands, cuz he had to finish mine.  And to top it off, those crappy 12oz margs cost us $15 each.  Un-freakin-believable.
3	I love CABo GO FOR THE HAPPY HOUR its from 3pm-6pm Sit inside, me and my friends sat outside and I was dying. SOO HOTT !!!HAPPY HOUR MENU Chilli Con All the nachos (LARGE & VERY GOOD) guacamolequesdilla margarita, pina colda, and strawberry daiquiri were $5 dollars which were too small too me for $5 dollars and didnt have enough alcohol in them
1	WORST EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD!!!What an AWFUL place!  The service was TERRIBLE, the food was way overpriced, and the experience was just average.  There are so many places better than this in Vegas that this should be your LAST choice.To start, it took the waiter about 45 minutes to come over to our table, and that was after we had gone up to the host and asked for service after the first 20 minutes.  We ordered drinks and food at the same time, and we never saw him again until we tracked him down and demanded the check.    On top of all that, he got the orders terribly wrong, forcing us to send a dish back and wait another 15 minutes for it to be remade with the correct meat (I was given Carnitas and I am Jewish and don't eat pork).The final insult was when I received my credit card bill and saw that I had been charged three times what my meal cost.  When I disputed the claim, the receipt I was sent had food on it that I did not order, and DID NOT HAVE MY SIGNATURE ON IT!!  IT WAS NOT MY BILL!!!  The waiter had given someone else a bill with my credit card number on it!!  They REFUSED to refund my money, even though I offered to pay for the food that I HAD ordered.NEVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!
5	I hosted an UYE at Cabo Wabo tonight, and I have to say the staff couldn't have been more helpful.There ended up being about a dozen of us, and while the hostess earlier in the day told me that any groups over 6 couldn't be seated together on the Patio, but Roladno the manager made sure we had a place for the crew.Donnie our waiter was one of the best I have had in a while, he took care of the entire crew and even took care of some minor issues we had.I booked the UYE there because the las vegas advisor said they had $1 drafts from 9-11p, well when we got there they said it was just for the 4th, but after explaining to them that we have scheduled the event based on that happy hour, they decided to honor it for us. (thanks again guys for going above and beyond)I personally didn't order anything off the menu (liquid dinner FTW), the few things I sampled were really good.My only major complaint was that the misters on one of the umbrellas was broken so only about 1/4 of the group had misters, but that is about the only complaint I have.I would recommend the place, the food is decent, the drinks are good (bonus we got free Cabo Wabo shots at the bar during a Hagar Song), and the staff will go the extra mile, on the strip you can easily do worse, but it's hard to find better
4	So I came with low expectations, this is a place I normally would not go to since it's not my style and I'm rarely on the strip. However Chris told us about some specials and I love hanging with my group of Yelpies so I came along. The staff is awesome at this place!Firstly, they went above the notch in honoring a drink special that was only for the 4th but we mistakenly thought was ongoing. Thank you to the manager, Roland, who was very nice in doing this for us and for checking in on us a few times in the night. Our server was spot on. Seriously- we were checked on often, water cups never empty, chips and salsa never empty until we friggin' were so stuffed and saying "no more!!!". Some of the best service I've had in a long time so a shoutout to Donnie. Sometime in the night they put on the "Mas Tequila" song and were giving out free shots at the bar. No glass here, the dancing ladies poured it into your mouth and poured as much as your mouth can handle. I dont know how often this happens.I had a 2 for 1 frozen margarita (this is from a coupon) and got a regular margarita and a pina colada though there were a few other flavors to choose from (strawberry daquiri, orange creme and peach I think). It was hot on the patio and hey, I'm at a place called Cabo Wabo so might as well drink something beach-y. They weren't very strong, I probably wouldn't buzz if I didn't get the big shot of Tequila at the bar. They were refreshing none the less so for $10, it was not bad at all.I wasn't feeling like eating something heavy (I was waiting for my BF to have dinner with) so I was just drinking and noshing on chips, but I took a bite of my buddy Nins chicken taquitos and dipped them in a cheese sauce. They were actually decent and the chicken was juicy. I think most of the food seems ok. I wouldnt go as a local out of my way to drive down there, but you're in the area, it might be fine. If you like Tex- Mex food, Sammy Hagar/classic rock blasting and a unpretentious atmosphere, a patio to people watch (and watch the Bellagio fountains) this might be a place for you.I wasn't expecting to have a good night based on the negative reviews of service, but I am pleasantly surprised.
2	Oh my....stopped here to sit outside for lunch.  We ordered bloody marys.  They were DISGUSTING....probably the worst bloody mary I have ever had.  It tasted like dish water.  Gross....not a good way to start off a day.  Then I ordered the taco salad.  It tasted like something from Taco Bell....dont get me wrong...I love me some Taco Bell but not at a place not called Taco Bell...yuck.  They did have some good chips and salsa.  Also, the outdoor area was cool despite the sweltering heat.....so MEHHHHH
3	It's okay. The 2 for 1 margaritas with the miracle mile coupon book are still overpriced as the one is $10 and its only 12 ounces. We received a complimentary postcard with our picture on it which was pretty nifty though, also had a view of the bellagio fountain show since we sat outside!
3	This wasn't the greatest place to get food at but it had your typical touristy fare that satisfies the majority. Good location right outside of PH to people watch and to see the fountains. They have misting machines at every table outside which is kind of a pain if you're a girl with frizzy hair(I am). The inside and outside was so extremely loud so talking to your friends that you're there with is next to impossible.
2	Of all the various ethnic cuisines, "Mexican" food is the one I have the most difficulty forking over lots of money. Simply put, there is nothing you can put on 10 nacho chips that makes it worth $15 unless you're replacing the cheese with liquid gold. Then there's the issue of charging $33 dollars for a large margarita...
1	This place is getting one star for the location and one star for the mediocore chips and salsa. I actually wish I could give half a star for those. A restaraunt usually can't disappoint me when I am starving and hungover but Cabo Wabo managed to do that. Congrats!For the love of god, please don't come here. The food was so bland and terrible and the service is even more horrid. First off, I am pretty sure our server had tourette's. Not that there is anything wrong with that, I just feel like you should be warned before having to go through that.I had been walking on the strip for a while before getting to the restaraunt so I was totally parched.  We were seated and no one acknolwedged our presence for 10-15 minutes so I had to get up and go to the bar and ask for water. Tourette's server finally came to see us but he was seriously a hot mess. Ok, let's be honest, I don't know if homeboy actually had tourette's or if he was just having a bad night but every time he walked by our t
1	WORST PLACE EVER. I was hungry and wanted a drink and an outdoor place to sit. My boyfriend and I sat down and ordered two margaritas. $12 per. - that isn't the bad part. Because I was desperate for a snack I ordered the cheapest appetizer on the menu- chips and salsa for $8! EIGHT DOLLARS! For nachos you would get free anywhere else. And they were so greasy I couldn't eat them. You have to understand I love junky food, but this was SO bad. Just disgusting. This place gets one star because I HAVE to give it something to rate it.  In all fairness, the server was nice and the location is good (across from the Bellagio fountain) but save your money and buy a 6-pack, some tostitos and sit out on the sidewalk if you want a good view of the show. Is this what you wanted, Sammy Hagar?
3	we were wanting mexican and decided this based on location. food was ok: margaritas- pretty good, not very strong; chips were very thick, salsa was spicy and fresh; beef fajitas- beef was charred like it like it (though they didnt ask how we would like our steak cooked); tortillas were not homemade- looked like they were right out of a plastic package and werent even warm. if a restaurant uses premade tortillas, warming them would be a good idea. service, however, was very good. we really didnt have any expectations of the place, so there was little room to be disappointed. we were seated on the patio and had a great view of the bellagio fountains, and there were misters all over the patio, which was a nice respite from the heat. overall, it was ok, and we woiuld go again, if only to have a drink and watch the fountain show!
3	Nothing extraordinary about this place, but I digged it.  I ordered their nachos, which was good for the most part.  Ordered a couple of Mimosas too, but I would skip on them.  They came in small plastic cups and were expensive and I didn't even taste the alcohol!  However, I would definitely recommend sitting outside.  The umbrellas actually work here and they provide a good amount of shade.  And it's perfect for random people watching!  In a non-creepy way.
4	We loved this place...good for out of towners who want to experince the strip while eating, drinking and especially talking about everyone who walks by...lol. You can watch the water show from the railing seating and the food was great, along with the service.
4	I actually really liked this bar. We went here for late night drinks after watching the fountain show at The Bellagio. Inside it was fairly crowded but not overly so we sat at the bar. I had a frozen margarita that was delicious and not too sugary or tart. The bar tender whose name I am forgetting was super cool and was pouring some good size shots - rare in sin city! The music was really good (we had been blasted with early 90's dance all day at the pool so were happy for some Foo Fighters, The Stones etc). At some point they give away free Tequila shots although that's not my thing. The misters were nice given the 105 degree heat. I'd definitely go back here!
4	Seeing as how I was staying at PH it was only right I came here. Granted I didn't dine here, but I sure did use the walk up bar to get some yummy drinks. I got a mix, of what I really dont remember because I drank so much out there, lol, but it was strawberry and reg margaritas i think mixed in the tall 12 dollar glass. With an extra shot of course. Yes. I know. 12 bucks. for a drink. + a few more bucks for a shot. How stupid, right? Wrong. I'm an out of towner, typical tourist, taking in the sights and Cabo Wabo was actually one of my fav places to drink on the strip. Prob because of the convenience of coming downstairs in the middle of the night getting an alcoholic beverage. Either way, by the time my week long vegas trip was over I brought home about a good 4 Cabo Wabo cups. Looking forward to doing it all over again when I come back in October. I'll give a better review then since my Vegas cherry has been popped.
4	Okay, so I admit that this place wasn't first on my list of restaurants to visit while in Vegas.  However, the people I was with were starving and when this place came into our line of sight, we pretty much decided this was it for the evening's meal.  Since we are east coasters, we were there earlier than most for dinner.  We got seated right away and the place was not busy at all.  Our server was fast and brought our drinks, chips and salsa right away.  Everyone at our table ordered different things, from fajitas to tacos to burritos.  Everyone enjoyed their food and the price was not bad considering how high it could have been for its location on the strip.  The waitresses all dancing every half hour (or whatever it is) is actually entertaining because some of them are really into it and others are definitely not.  It entertained our group at least.  Decent food, decent prices, excellent location.
5	Fun, affordable & delicious. A bit loud for the older set but great music, free shots, and more food than you can eat. Family of 4 ate for less than $50.
3	What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Well the Cabo Wabo Tequila shots are GENEROUS. Maybe someone else has said it, and I may have missed it, but if that is the case it is worth repeating!  GENEROUS.  It is like a triple shot! Which is good cuz it's like $9 a shot. Love this place!  Must sit on the patio!!! Excellent location for people watching, sipping a few drinks and chatting it up.  Food is mmeehhh... but I have endured worse.  Chips are good, salsa is okay.  I am a people watcher and in Las Vegas there are freaks a plenty!!  Plus Cabo has a fun carefree party environment with live music.  NO... it isn't the best live music, but it is entertaining while you people watch, chat it up with your mates and drink generous tequila shots.  It is what it is and what it is is good.
2	Not the best. I love Sammy Hagar, but DAMN IT!! This is another poorly executed theme restaurant. The Monday through Friday happy hour is good. 2 for 1 drinks and half price apps from 3PM to 6PM.
4	I did not expect to like this place at all...I figured chain, similar to TGIF food quality. I started to be impressed with my drink - a mango pineapple mojito. Ummm...yum! Mango puree, muddled mint, and not too weak or too strong. The coconut margaritas were also a hit. My albondigas soup was outstanding. Everyone else loved their food - a mix of salads and seafood tacos. Our server worked hard to keep 7 indecisive women happy. OK, so a line dance broke out mid-meal...kinda corny, but consummate Vegas. The music is a bit loud (especially those Sammy songs) making it a tad hard to talk, but it's Vegas...who needs to talk?
4	This review is for the margaritas only. We were wandering around the Miracle Mile shops and decided to get ourselves a yard long drink. YUM. $20 for 42oz of goodness. =) The server there (i'm sorry I forgot your name) was sweet, and friendly. She also let us try every drink before we made our decision, AND she color coordinated the straws to match the drink. (nice touch).We got the Dreamsicle and the Vida Loca (taste like blue otter pop). Both were delicious. Creepers too. You don't taste any alcohol for a little while, then you feel a little flushed. Great combo! And great drink to have while you're strolling the strip.
4	Pretty good food, pretty good drinks, expensive but that is typical for Vegas.  The best part about this place is when they play Mas Tequila you run to the bar where the wait staff is waiting standing on top of the bar to pour tequila right into your mouth.  Pretty good tequila too.  Go on Sunday night when the have karaoke to a live band.  VERY FUN!  We went the end of August this year and it was not very crowded.  I will for sure be back the next time I am in Vegas which I hope is soon!
1	I would give this place no stars if I could.  This will go down as one of the worst dining/bar experiences I have ever had.  I like Sammy Hagar, I like patios and I like tequila, but there is nothing to like about this place.  Okay, maybe the patio for the simple fact that the people watching is great and it's a great location on the strip.  I love food and I'm not ashamed of the fact that I like to get my grub on.  So, for me to leave a restaurant and NOT EAT MY FOOD really says something.  That is exactly what happened at this establishment.A server took our drink order.  Ten minutes later, we got our water and beer.  Then, over 25 minutes went by before he came back for our food order.  No exaggeration.  All of this could have been overlooked had the server been nice (he wasn't) and/or the food been good (it wasn't).  It took an hour for us to get our order of nachos and fish tacos.  I ordered nachos because I thought, "how do you screw up nachos?"  Well, Cabo Wabo has found a way.  The nachos consisted of about 12 individual tortilla chips and each chip had this meat cheese crustiness.  The overall effect was dog food.  My nachos looked like dog food.  They had a really weird taste too.  And the fish tacos looked better but tasted equally bad.  We literally got our check and left without eating our food.  And left a 10% tip due to the bad service, even though it killed me to do it.I enjoy a good tourist spot.  They're overpriced and a little cheesy, but sometimes I dig it.  If you want a good tourist trap, visit Margaritaville.  I've never had bad food or bad service there and that place is incredibly busy.  Oh, Sammy.  Why????
4	Good Margaritas, decent gazpacho and a nice place to sit outside and catch some sun while people watching.  Thumbs up!
1	No clue how this place stays open. Food is WAAAAY overpriced, as are the driniks; service is horrid.  Four of us: we ordered 2 ceviches, 2 carnitas sopes, chips/queso and a total of 6 margaritas (at $10 a pop), our bill was $127.  $127?! The carnitas sopes came two on a plate with black beans and rice. The sopes had NO flavor to them. Zip. Zilch. Nada. They had to be covered in salsa and queso to even make it tolerable. Our waitress was nice, she was new, but getting drinks took an act of Congress.  Once the margaritas came, we had to ask 3 times for water, that seemed to take the longest.  On a Thursday afternoon??  Really??  I think they were bringing it in by the bucketful from the Hoover Dam. I've been to Cabo Wabo in Cabo and we enjoyed ourselves and the service; and even though I didn't think it was possible, this one in Vegas both sucked AND blew.
2	It took a long time just to get our drink order. The menu items average around $15 a piece and the margaritas were $11. The margarita was just average. The chips and salsa were below average. I got the "Street Tacos" and the meat in the taco was not good and chewy. We got to sit outside and view of the strip earned them a star. I would not recommend this to anyone unless they wanted to drink an average margarita with a view.
2	Below average Mexican at exhorbitant prices. The beer came in a plastic cup. The only thing worthwhile was sitting outside overlooking the strip.
1	I'll give this place one star for the music, I would never eat or drink here again, ever. We went in for the 2 for 1 margaritas, which ended up being $11.00 each, even with the 2-fer!! Yeah, the server said they were regularly 22 bucks each. They came in small plastic cups for a nice touch, they weren't bad but the food was horrible. We ordered tons of starters and everything was bla, dry, even the nachos went back!  I went the safe route and got the street style tacos and I'll tell you any Taco Truck in California is 100 times better than that dry, bland, chopped up fajita meat thrown on some greasy corn tortillas and then topped with raw chopped onions and some cilantro, I ate half of one and gave the rest all back. Ew. Actually one of my friends said she probably wouldn't eat Mexican food for a while, that's how bad it was. Oh, and the cute bar girl poured tequila all over my face and  neck when I went up for the "Mas Tequila" shot at the bar. Seriously..
2	Looks like a tourist trap....My friends are big fans of Sammy so they wanted to check this place out.- it was cold and drafty inside. It was a very cold Thanksgiving week but come on... keep your patrons warm- Music was... top 40. Sammy probably would shoot himself if he heard it.+/- there was a group of obnoxious tourists standing up on their chairs and screaming every five minutes. I get it...it's Vegas but what's the point of that act?
3	Not a terrible place, but not a great place either. I came here with my sister who came a year before and said "don't expect much from the food but they have strong margaritas" Well I hate margaritas but i ordered one anyway because, well, I'm in Vegas. The rita was ok, i don't remember the food but it was a nice place, just not my kind of people, we did go back but only because we were staying there and we saw a concert there. the patio was the best part of this place because you can sit over the strip and people watch.
3	Go here for a Rita and watch the Bellagio fountain.Even it's a bit cool you can sit on the patio above the sidewalk and enjoy the view and do some people watching and stay warm with the patio heaters.You will find the food and service is average at best. A Cabo Wabo Anejo rita will set you back $14 and served in a plastic cup.
2	Matches up to the most of the reviews.  Drinks are good, Food is a simulacrum of the named dish. It's a one time mistake:)
2	Pretty bad. I went here around 9pm on a Wednesday, and it was pretty empty. The speakers were extremely loud for an almost-empty dining room...my group could barely talk to each other! The food was pretty bad too...the flour tortilla and beef of my taco were extremely dry...it was painful to eat. Cabo Wabo gets the two stars for service though--our waiter was attentive, and although the place was empty, the DJs put up a good front trying to recruit passersby for karaoke.
3	Came for lunch.  The chips and salsa were above average, my entree was pick 3, and none of it was spectacular, also louder(music, not ambient noise) then I would have expected for a lunch crowd.
5	LOVE this place. Decent service, AMAZING drinks, and great location. Can view bellagio fountain show while on patio, and the food is AMAZING. the Sopas con Carne is the best food i've ever eaten. Their fajitas are pretty amazing as well, and their abondigas soup is perfection. Don't forget to try the dreamsicle! it's amazing
1	As my girlfriend and I entered Cabo Wabo, we spotted a cute, quiet table we interested in sitting at. As we were making our way over to the table, we were stopped by the hostess. Hostess: "Are you ladies looking for the bar?" Us: "Actually, we wouldn't mind sitting at that table over there..."Hostess: "No, the bar is over that way."And then we were escorted to the bar... which was full of low-lifes and drunken dudes. The smell was awful, the people were awful, the servers were awful. It felt like we were attending a "dudes fart party"Why were we escorted to the bar? Why were we denied a table?These questions will never be answered. We were assumed trash.This place is nasty.
3	The inside dining area is too loud! I'm no grandma but I'd like to hold a conversation over lunch without having to yell like I'm in the club.Rock Shrimp Tacos 3 for $15....ouch but yum. (best with plenty of lemons) $20 for Chicken Fajitas were alright but I liked the shrimp tacos better, the fajitas weren't as memorable.Then we watched the staff do the Cha Cha Slide in front of the whole restaurant, it was awkward because nobody really cared for it and the staff wasn't that into it anyways. Portions aren't hearty for their prices but other than that it's still quality fresh mex.
1	I don't know if you have to be a complete douchbag/douche-dudette  to work here but, THE SERVICE SUCKS!!!!!I wanted chicken wings and I had heard they have pretty good wings. Called to make a take-out order and girl sounded chipper when I called but, once I asked for take-out, her mood changed quick and she said, "ohh, what do you want?"Ordered my wings and asked if it came with carrots/celery sticks; and she said, "I guess.." Really? I guess...if you work in a restaurant, you should know the food you have. And if you don't, you ask someone that does! Simple.When I went to pick up my order 20 minutes later, they said my order wasn't even placed. I had to wait ANOTHER 15 minutes!Needless to say, I lost my appetite. For the food. And especially the service.
2	I was expecting something more out of this place. The location in lake tahoe was fabulous, so why shouldn't I get the same food as there. Boy, was I wrong. Our fajitas came out well done ( bad move on taste and texture), when we explained to the manager that we'd had fabulous food at the other location... He was quick to inform me that the owners are not the same, and therefore the food wasn't the same. I don't think I will make this mistake again. He did offer to cook the fajitas to temperature, however, he made it seem like if you want meat that is still flavorful and juicy, you would need to request it. I also notice that the beef used was nit of the same high quality as the tahoe location. Tsk tsk . If you're reading this and want good food, this isn't the place.
1	I was pretty stoked to check this place out, being a big Sammy Hagar fan, but I was pretty damn disappointed when it finally came to trying it out.Dad and I went down for lunch, and we had a Groupon that was good for $30. We popped in around 12:30 PM, and it was already a difficulty just to find someone to seat us. There was no waitress around to seat us, so the hostess had us wait at the podium for a few minutes, and then she finally sat us herself. At this point, it was no biggie.We sat down, and a waitress came up and took our drink order pretty quick...very friendly girl. She brought us some chips and salsa, which were pretty good.I ordered the 4-item combo plate with a Carne Asada soft taco, a Chicken soft taco, a beef enchilada, and a chicken enchilada ($19) . Dad ordered Chicken nachos ($13). Let me just say, this is HIGHLY overpriced food. The food was brought out, and we marvelled at how little was actually on our plates. Dad's nachos consisted of eight chips with chicken and cheese centered around a scoop of guacamole. To make matters worse, they were extremely bland.My food was more of the same disappointment. I had asked for my soft tacos with just meat and cheese only, and they were PILED with stuff. When I finally wiped everything off, the meat didn't even taste great at all. It was all extremely bland. The rice was okay, but the enchiladas were HORRIFIC. I've never tasted worse green sauce in my entire life.Throughout the meal, there was this annoying bus boy who hovered around our table. Whenever we would pause in eating, he would run up to our table and ask if he could take our plate. He did this three or four times, and every time he seemed to get cockier. Let us eat our mediocre food in peace!!After all was said and done, I'm glad we had a Groupon...though I wished I hadn't even spent the time eating there. Avoid!
2	If I really had to, I guess I will come back to Cabo Wabo. But given this is Vegas, Thank You because there are better places around. To start off, we ask to be seated by the heater and where did we get seated... not near the heater. Uhhh, did you not hear us?!  It was a cold Saturday night so when we saw open space by the heater, we decided to scoot our table ourselves. I ordered the mushroom fajitas plate- I wouldn't recommend it. Partly my fault because after ordering it I realized how delicious can mushroom fajitas be?! And partly because the mushrooms were flavorless. It was not marinated and grilled that well. If I'm ever back, I'll head straight to the bar instead.!
1	Went back and found that the best server who helped us last time, JT, was no longer with the company.  BOOO on Cabo Wabo Cantina.  Forget it, this place does not have the right attitude since JT was a real Sammy fan and actually was really fun and interesting to talk to.
3	I love the atmosphere of this place. We got a seat right next to the outside patio which was nice because we had a combination of shade and fresh air. When we came, it was really busy but we still got our food in a timely manner and the service was good. But... DONT ORDER DRINKS HERE. I got a $20 fat Tuesday, and there was no alcohol in it what so ever, and I'm no liquor connoisseur but I for sure didn't even feel a buzz. LAME.
4	I came to Cabo Wabo to use a Groupon ($30 worth of food for $15) and because, frankly, I was intrigued by the schizophrenic Yelp reviews for the place. I had an early lunch around 11:30 am on a Wednesday and sat outside to watch people walk by on the Strip.I had a pretty good experience at Cabo Wabo. The Cactus Pear Margarita was surprisingly tasty, and I'm not always a big fan of margs. I had the guacamole (not as great as some were saying, but pretty decent) and the jalapeno cilantro chicken. Nothing was spectacular, but nothing was terrible either.To me, the big downer on Cabo Wabo is the price. But come on, it's right on the Las Vegas Strip - what do you expect? My drink, guac, and entree came to $34, so I used up my Groupon and then some. Between the price of the Groupon and the amount I paid in tax/tip, the whole experience ran me around $26. Without the Groupon it would have been $41, which seems awfully high for one person. However, Cabo Wabo does have a happy hour from 4-7 pm with half-price drinks and appetizers. I'd imagine that would be worth your time - if you can get a seat.
1	Ordered a taco made from the moon. IT was dry and filled with tons of cheese...where's the beef. I saw the beef like it was on a glory hole. Darn thing didn't even taste like meat. It was dry. I will never go to this place. Expensive too...
1	Way overpriced, even for Vegas. The food is an embarrassment. "Nachos" are six chips on a plate with a sprinkle of cheese. I would expect much better from the Red Rocker. You're dead to me Sammy.
3	Like many of the Las Vegas out door eateries I find that I'm drawn towards them like moths to flames.... tall alcoholic flames....(if you think about it, that's really dangerous)... I spend a lot of time at the PH and I've never been to Cabo Wabo, but I think that I'll be coming back here more often because their food is really really good. The thing I didn't like is even though I was outside I still had to yell at the people I was with to have a conversation... It's a restaurant NOT a club, and no amount of loud music and skimpy outfits can make it so...well maybe more skimpy clothing maybe....Check back later to see how many check in's I actually have on it as well as a re-review in June after the Miss USA beauty pageant comes through.Enjoy!
1	Very nice location and view with overpriced mediocre food!
2	went here with a few friends from out of town. came during happy hour and wasn't impressed. slow service. hardly any smiles. not so great margaritas. they were actually pretty bland. not strong, but not even sweet. something was off with them. didn't try much of the food but the unlimited chips and salsa were alright. a little too salty on some chips, but eh, better than the drinks.i'd be willing to give it a 2nd chance because i had some friends that said they enjoyed it. maybe i got them on an off day, but they weren't even busy.
2	I feel like two stars is generous but one star is because my friend and I still had a good time and the other star is because we got the Cadillac Nachos for free with the Miracle Mile coupon book. This place was cute and fun but the food was terrible and the service was slow and nonexistent. Our food was cold, my friend got the wrong drink, and her order was messed up three times (even after sending it back). We won't be coming back here.
3	My sister and I found ourselves quite thirsty after making the trek from the Mirage to Planet Hollywood, so we stopped in here for some drinks. I am really picky about my alcoholic beverages, and I have to say that the pineapple mango mojito was THE BEST mojito I have ever had. My sister enjoyed her beers, and we were both crazy about the complementary chips and salsa. The salsa was just incredible, just a little different from the norm, and thoroughly enjoyable.The atmosphere was nice, as we had a nice sunny spot at the edge of the restaurant, outside, with a view. A great spot to relax and people-watch.UPDATE: I changed my review from 5 stars to 3 after trying their food. Nothing terrible, but I would not eat there again. We also ate inside this time, which was a little tacky. In the future, I would come again only for drinks, and to sit outside and people watch.
4	wow, only 2.5 stars? I guess it all depends on the individual experiences + what are you looking for.4 stars for the amazing and scrumptious large-portioned tostada salad. The Cobb salad was pretty good too, very light, huge portions. The bf ordered a fajita however and it was so-so, very meh.Service was friendly I thought. The waiter even asked if I was 21 then gave me tickets for free drinks.And it wasn't that loud, during the day/lunch hours at least.For a quick lunch, why not.
2	Greasy chipsWeird, sour cevicheNo ability to do a blended drink other than their pre-made mixed stuff they keep in a slushie machine.Overstretched waiters who can't seem to get back to your table with the drink you ordered 30 minutes ago.Nobody in my party of 5 was especially happy with their meal. BUT, it did have a nice outdoor patio looking out on the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The view was worth 2 stars.
3	Went here on a Saturday mid-afternoon and were pleased to hear that buckets (6) of beer were only $20 - NOWHERE I found on the strip had buckets for less than $35 so that was a nice price break!We had THE BEST server... very cool, conversational, fun and handsome.  We really enjoyed our time with him.  We each ordered a chicken and a beef taco.  The flavor of the tacos was good and it was great to see a place claiming to serve Mexican food ACTUALLY USE MEXICAN CHEESE!   But $13 for two tacos was a little steep, regardless of how good they are.Overall, my experience seems to be better than some on here...but YES it is a tourist trap.  And if I could offer a suggestion - when in Vegas - try your hardest to avoid female servers/waitresses/bartenders.  They are all so sick of drunk tourist and/or businessmen hitting on them non-stop that they all have a chip on their shoulder.  Avoid them.
4	Came here on a Saturday afternoon to go meat browsing aka check out guys on the strip.We sat on the balcony outside, ordered a pitcher of blackberry mojitos with a side of chips and guac. The people watching here is awesome, a great place just to kick back if you are over the pool scene for the day and just want to get your drink on.
1	What are these people complaining about?  Didn't they arrive blasted drunk?  This place was great!  Sure the hot female staff in daisy dukes advertised turned out to be a prissy dude in jeans, but that wasn't too bad since the female waitresses tended to have a muffin top.  The drinks weren't good and overpriced, but with a few good drinks and several okay ones before you get here, who cares?  I ordered the mahi mahi. It's all right that it arrived rubbery and tough, because I just sent it back and got the short ribs with spit tacos instead. Given enough alcohol, the blandly seasoned meat won't matter as you revel in the extra grease that was such an integral part of the dish. If you're planning on being blind drunk in the area and are looking for a place with a bathroom, this is an easy half star better than peeing in the street!
3	It's the CABO WABO....act like it.  Play a Sammy Hagar song at least every 5th song!  Push the Cabo Wabo brand tequila!  And finally, Make the Waboritas blue!  The worst thing that happened are dueling pianos!!!  Food is good!  Fav people there...Maggie (bar), Ron (waiter), Brian (waiter).
4	Good food, great drinks. I especially love walking in and seeing/hearing everything rock n roll around the place. The couple of times I've been here there has been very good service and no complaints about the food or anything. In fact, one time I went they were doing a special where you got a free frozen margarita (with Cabo Wabo tequila, the house favorite) with an entree order. This was during the summer, so I'm not sure when it will be back, if at all. I always order the Sopas con Carne (carnitas on corn cakes) and, when I'm feeling fancy, a margarita with Sammy Hagar's own Cabo Wabo tequila.
5	Love love love  love, LOVE Cabo Wabo. Make a special trip every year to the Tahoe location for my birthday. I've been to the Vegas location once before and wasn't overly excited. But this last trip, once again, made me fall in love all over again! I eat nachos ONCE A YEAR and Cabo Wabo is my only choice. The server suggested shrimp on my nachos. Freaking amazing. Great margaritas too. Good Service. Really nice patio with great people watching. Can't wait to go back. Counting down. Oh, and strangely enough, my boyfriend tried their burger (I know right, burger--at a Mexican restaurant?) and said it was to die for!
1	Eat here if you like terrible music playing loudly in your ear, $12 vodka tonics made with Sprite and hair, rude servers, food that may or may not make you vomit four times in the middle of the night, and slow service. Seriously. Don't go here if your life depends on it.
2	I had a couple friends in town and we were drawn in by Buy one get one free margarita coupons. The coupon are only good for 12 oz frozen ones out of the machine but I was also told those were on happy hour too without asking for price. We also got the chicken nacho platter.The nacho's were actually very good and enough toppings for every chip. The drinks however turned out to be $12 a piece on special. So for 3 12 oz (fat Tuesday style) really bad margaritas at a "tequila cantina" for Cabo Wabo it was $24. You would think they would take better pride in the drinks here since it carries the brand name of a Tequila company but no...So, for all you tourists or locals... do not accept drink coupons from the strip because it will most likely be some type of scam.  The house always wins! I have learned this the hard way now from Rhumbar, Dick's Last Resort and now Cabo Wabo.
5	the machine at this place "malfunctioned" so our table got 10 margaritas for the price of one! so this place ain't gettin anything else from me lol
5	So I really like this place...Went on a Saturday hmmm around 1pm and It was nice and hot out this place looked like so much fun...it was packed they had missters ...so we decided to have lunch there and we had a blast people watching staying cool with the mist and enjoying a nice lunch with cocconut margaritas on  a beautiful day...the server was nice and very helpful when asking questions about good drinks...so yea on our next vegas trip were def. going here again:)
3	Came here for a quick frozen margarita, which was okay, not too icy slush. They offer different flavors. Unfortunately I don't remember the names of the flavors but thinking about their bar all I can remember was blue, green , yellow, red, and black margaritas from the dispenser pump. I'm not too much of a margarita guy but hey they serve these at different hotels , it just so that those colors of margaritas are tempting for a nice cool inject of alky for the mood. Service here was good, the bartender was pleasant, sucked that typically they tell you for extra shots cost an extra few bucks (hook it up?) Overall for a quick margarita to go, this place is recommended if you happen to walk down Planet Hollywood for some re-charging.
1	Bad service and cold food. Do not come here.
5	Okay, the 5 stars is for one thing: THE COCONUT MARGARITA!!!!!  I love coconut and tequila but never had the two together until I came here.  A friend told me about it and it was on my "must do" list once I arrived.  It was well worth the anticipation.  FYI - there's a little place inside also called Cabo Wabo.  They do not have it there.  Go outside and to the right to find this place.
2	To be honest, the food was not so good.  The service was even worse.  It took 10 minutes for a waiter to come to our table after we sat down.  Great view of the strip.
2	My husband and I decided to play "tourist" on the Memorial Day weekend.  We started to Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops.  While walking thru the shops, we decided to share a yard margarita.  (If we wanted to play tourists, we had to look the part!)  Fat Tuesdays had a line down the hall and around the corner!  So we thought we'd see what else was in the shops.  We thought we were lucky because just as we were about to walk out of the shops, Cabo Wabo Cantina appears with a margarita/daiquiri stand.  We end up getting the  1/2 yard with a strawberry margarita.  The first couple sips, neither of us said anything.  I didn't care for the drink so I stopped drinking it.  About 2 minutes later, my husband looks at me and says "Doesn't this taste a little funny?"   Yes!  It tasted like a watered down slushie/virgin margarita!  We decided to salvage the drink...went to ABC Store, bought Bacardi's Cherry flavor and poured a couple shots in there.  It tasted much better after that.  All and all...the drink cost over $30 (between the cost of the  1/2 yard at Cabo Wabo, tip, and ABC liquor purchase).  Will we go back?  Heck NO!  I'll wait in line at Fat Tuesdays or skip the drink next time.PS:  This struck me as very strange....Our server at Cabo Wabo was counting her tips.  And not just quickly going thru the cash and then waiting on us.  She was pretending to be interested in us while she was counting out her money.  We told her our drink order and she gave us the "deer in the headlights" look with a blank smile!  She wasn't paying attention to one word we said!  We repeated our order, she recounted her money then got us our drink.  Not sure why it was so important to count her money so intensely but it was kinda weird!
1	Was wanting one of those humongous margarita's everyone was walking around town with.  I got a pina colada flavor and the whole thing was a giant slushy. No alcohol taste whatsoever. I guess I paid the price for falling into the the tourist trap type drinks. Not doing that again.
3	Great for a quick stop on the strip at the outdoor patio.  Food is as you expect, and get some slushy drinks to cool off that desert heat!MUST HAVE: any slushy drinkMUST TRY: carnitas - the pork is like cotton candy the way it separates itself from itself before the fork even touches it.
5	Went in for chips and salsa and a few drinks. Nice place. Good friendly service.
3	We popped in for a drink and I bought one of those obnoxious tall drink thingy-ma-bobs and filled it with some sort of frozen concoction the girl behind the counter suggested.  Some folks ordered food, but I had already eaten so I can ony rate my drink experience.  The atmosphere was fun and seemed low key, but we were there early in the day.  Definitely try it out.
1	Went for some quick nachos and a margarita- Waited 15 minutes for someone to come to our table.  When the waitress arrived she dumped her jug of water on my wife, an instead of cleaning it up, she stood there for a minute with a "embarrassed" look on her face. We changed tables and told her "not to worry about it".  She didn't come back for along time so we left. Grabbed a margarita on the way out from the bar which sucked. There is way too many great casual Vegas restaurants to even bother giving them another shot.
2	gets two stars purely for the people watching aspect.  as far as the food, it sucked.  couldnt eat it.  sent my wabo margarita back, gag me gross.
1	Lame bar...nothing like Cabo Wabo in Baja or Tahoe. I mean seriously on the Strip in Vegas and no music on the patio, because the speakers are blown! Come on Sammy this bar is a joke....no live music??? karaoke on the Vegas strip, save your money and go anywhere else!!!
3	Total tourist joint, but the Groupon made me give it a go.Let me just say that if the service weren't so horrible, this place would probably be a four of five star. My waitress took 20 minutes to bring me water after I requested it.The food:They have the best salsa I've had in a long time. Not too spicy and amazing flavor. I could eat it plain. I also ordered Cadillac Nachos which chicken. Amazing! Not a lot of chicken, but great flavor. Contender for the best nachos I've ever had.The liquor:I think I ordered a Daiquiri. I don't drink a lot. I will say that they aren't stingy with the alcohol. I could liquor overpowered the drink. My mom loved it. Me, not so much. If you like you drink, you'll be okay with it.I would come back to this place. Hopefully I'd have a different server.
2	Tourist trap.  Looks good but overall disappointing.  The tequila was great once we finally got it!  Food was mediocre and service was just plain bad!  Do yourself a favor - skip the Cantina and brave the heat to Margaritaville at the Flamingo were you will be well served in a fun environment with great food and drinks!
2	My friend and I rolled into LV late and were looking for a lively place to grab some food and drinks. I had high hopes for Cabo Wabo after several good experiences at Margaritaville. Thought this place would have a similar vibe and offer quality food. Not quite....I'll be heading to Margaritaville in the future. We sat on the patio...misters were nice in the 100+ temps. Waitress was nice...raucous, horrible sound from the karaoke bar was not so nice. The fish tacos were bland , runny and the tortillas were on the brink of expiration. They just had zero flavor. My friend said her tacos were so-so. Didn't bother ordering drinks for I knew it was going to be a quick dinner. I would have been better off at Del Taco (at least I would have pocketed some money to take to Sephora to buy some makeup or thrown the $50 in the slot machines). Will not be returning.
2	Service is indifferent. Total tourist trap. The food is alright but overpriced for what you get. But then it's Vegas. Enough said!
4	Went for drinks and were asked if we wanted to sit at the bar; I replied if we can people watch from there. Hostess then said, Oh, we should put you on "the rail".So, we sat at the rail, under the water mister, drank pricey (but not short on liquor) drinks,chatted, maybe even had a smooch?! and people watched, and watched the water show at the Bellagio.Our waiter (Marco, Marcus?..tall guy with dark hair and accent) was speedy, attentive and polite...even when one request was only for some water! (he earned and received a good tip)Someone came and took our "free postcard" picture...We may have purchased the "for pay" pic, if only she had posed us so we looked representable...not just aim and shoot!We thought it was an hour+ well spent!!!!
3	There was no wait, waitresses dress in cute cut-up shirts and most are good-looking, GREAT music, and they have a cool gallery where they have a pic of my fav country singer Toby Keith, I enjoyed that very much. Now as for food, the salsa was amazing, I loved it, boyfriend thought it could use more spice. Waitress kept trying to force us to buy drinks, but we didn't want to get too wasted and not be able to go out on the strip late-night so we just ordered waters. As for entrees I ordered the chicken fajitas, they were okay kind of bland and the seasoning had a funny flavor going on. Boyfriend has the carnitas platter and he said it was "better than expected for american mexican food."The big negative was that our waitress didn't come pick up our check . We waited for about 30mins and ended up giving it to another waitress.All in all atmosphere was great, food was decent, service wasn't too good, but they do give you a little postcard with your picture on it that you can use for 20%off your next visit which is a nice souvenir.
4	Place was happening on Friday night. Got an couple of Patron shots, each shots were $12. It wasn't your normal shot glass, so I was pleased about that.Ordered some frozen Margaritas they were about $17. I know you could get them maybe little cheaper someone else, but was nearby and ready to party.I would go to this spot again if I ever returned to Vegas. Bartender was super cool.
1	This place is awful... Lucky for the owner that it is on Las Vegas Blvd and looks happening and good... because otherwise they would have no customers. The food is overpriced, not good at all and the service is even worse (rude!!!!!!!).  I unfortunately ate here twice and my experience only got worse from the first time. Would never come here again! Save your money and eat at Taco Bell instead!
3	Had alot of fun here.Yes it is overpriced like everything on the strip.  The food is just ok, but definitely not bad.But it was a cool place to relax. If you become friends with the bartenders at the outside bar it is quite fun. They seem to have great convo's from everything from how to make drinks, to relationships, to Vaginal Flatulence.Definitely Good Times.
4	Came here during lunch hour and sat inside because it was wayyy to hot outside. We were seated immediately and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I enjoyed the atmosphere, relaxing but fun. The food was good... just got some tacos and a lot of coronas. Overall, I thought the prices were reasonable and I would come back again.
1	Really not much here to say. The location overlooking the strip is amazing. City center and Bellaggio's fountains are across the street. The food and drinks are mediocre. But the food is overpriced and the drinks are wayyyyy overpriced. Seriously, $11 for a margarita served in a plastic cup and a $9 beer. Stay clear. Go to the lounge in Cosmopolitan for similar prices. Exc - ViewGood - NoneAve -FoodPoor -WAYYY overpricedWOULD I GO BACK? No.
3	Most of the reviews for Cabo Wabo pretty much say it all.-yes, the food is a little pricey for what you are getting....But come on people you are in Vegas and nothing is cheap in Vegas.-Yes the drinks are served in plastic cups, but who cares it still does the job required so no complaints here.-Yes the view is pretty as it over looks the strip.-No the service does not sucks....at least for me it did not. Our waiter was very attentive and nice and offered us great deals and coupons. -The food.....Yes it is bland and kind of overpriced for not so great Mexican food ....but again, you are in Vegas. I had ordered some kind of salad. I think it was a chicken tortilla type salad. It was super greasy and upset my stomach. The chips and salsa dip was ssooooo good. I wish I can have some right now. My tequila shots were great and did the job....I only wish I did not have beer right after since I got wasted....-Another plus was that we were seated right away......I was kind of between 2 and 3 stars since my meal was not so great, but the service and drinks pretty much gave it a 3...
1	Horrible!After taking our food to 3 different tables, we finally flagged down the busser and told him it was ours!  Our server was pretty much non existent, took her forever to get us anything, like the check or a new glass of water because ours had a BUG in it!!!!!!$10 for a side of guacamole!?!?!?!Are you kidding?The soup was disgusting and for $10 you received a 5 ounce bowl not even filled all the way up.  If you're going to charge this much for your food it should be great!I asked for extra sauce on my fish tacos and they put the extra side of sauce on my friends soup plate...who orders sauce with soup?? That doesn't even make sense, so I didn't get any extra sauce because we didn't know what it was for.  I don't know why anyone would go here twice.
3	Below average Tex-Mex food.Experience:The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  The place is just like anything else in Vegas, loud and tacky.  Food:The food is mediocre, but the portions are huge.  It's nothing special and it could be worst.Overall:It's a tourist trap, but what do you expect from Las Vegas strip restaurants?  The food is over priced and the place is tacky!  However, they have a large patio for you to eat and people watch. It's a great place for drinks and people watching.
2	Blah. It was okay. I think if they lowered all of the prices by five dollars and added a couple of waitresses, I would have had an A+ experience. It was a huge tourist trap. Would probably not go back.
2	Only reason this place doesn't get one star is that the server was great at what she did and was really friendly. Otherwise, the food was not good. Five of us ate there and all five of us had upset stomachs later that evening. If you're a classic rock fan, it may be worth it for a drink, but food is mediocre at best.
2	This was definitely the most disappointing meal I had in Vegas.  I'm accustomed to the concept of overpriced food on the Strip, so I couldn't totally fault this place for being any different in that respect.  The chips and salsa were great, and they were promptly delivered.  We ordered two combo plates, a Corona, and a house margarita.  The food was good: not spectacular, not horrible...just good.  We ordered the churros afterwards, and again, just good.  They had nice flavor, but were a bit on the overcooked side.  When the waitress finally brought the check around, though, we were appalled to see that a standard sized bottle of Corona was $9 and the small plastic cup of house margarita was $11!  Seriously?  The larger "specialty" margaritas that the table next to us ordered were only a couple dollars more and looked to be at least twice the size!  I was glad that we declined the refills she offered.Overall, I wouldn't go back or recommend to friends.  The service was slow (with the exception of the free chips and salsa), and our server was inattentive bordering on rude.  The food was average for the most part.  Drinks were average and overpriced, even by Vegas standards.
1	worst food ever. Even my boyfriend who will eat just about anything- did not finish his food. I paid $11 for a taco and enchilada, I ate perhaps two bites of taco and a third of my enchilada. NEVER again. Why does this place continue to get business?
2	If you are hungry, want small portions and pay outrageous amounts of money for less than mediocre service then you might consider eating her. Don't let Domino F serve you. Terrible service! We asked for extra napkins for a party of 6 and were only brought two. Drinks were expensive. $8 beers and $14 margaritas. Taco u -pick two plates are the best deal at $11. There are way better places to eat in Vegas.
1	Over-priced, medicore, pre-prepared food. Inattentive, disorganized staff. Lame.
4	Food is OK.  The fish taco's are good but not the best.  I also ordered shrimp tacos and just OK.  The guacamole was 10 bucks and pretty good.  I give it 3 stars for food and four stars for service and location.  You can't beat overlooking the fountains and people watching.
1	Service sucked! $13 for a margarita you serious... I would rather buy a bottle of Cabo wabo and chill at home. Service was horrible!
2	I have to say..this place is not all that great. Its actually not even good. It straddles the fine line between mediocre and bad.On a recent Vegas trip, my fiance and i decided not to go too crazy blowing our money at clubs so we sat on the outdoor patio overlooking Vegas Blvd instead ordering the half-yard margarita, beer, and some appetizers. the half-yard marg was on the rocks and was strong. I had a pint of Dos Equis Lager. We ordered the chicken strips and fries. Within 15 mins, i had a terrible stomach ache and ran to the bathroom to puke. It could have been something in the food or alcohol. But its one incident and it could have happened to anyone.Why the 2 stars? I asked for another beer and it never came...but it was noted on our final bill. The half-yard came out to be $36!! when you order the same drink at the walk-through counter inside the mall, its only $17!! I tried arguing with the server but was so sick and nauseous that i couldnt. She did remove the extra beer charge and the bill was still $60!! i would not come back to this place to eat or drink. I would come back to watch all the drunk people attempt to walk up/down the stairs!
1	Overall Experience:The wait staff was inattentive and rude.  Our waitress was at the end of her shift and made several attempts to take plates while we had food in our mouths.  After she left, other servers kept coming over.  It felt like we were being rushed out, but we still took our time.I am big fan of Tex-Mex and I really enjoyed the food.  I was looking forward to going here as I have a friend who raves about it.  Unfortunately, the service ruined the experience for me and I would not come back and I don't think I would recommend it to anyone beyond saying food is good, service is awful.
5	shrimp tacos were amazing.. service was good. will come back
5	The reason I give it five stars is the terrific customer service this place has.  I went there with an offer from groupon.  When I gave the waitress the groupon, she happily took it and didn't even groan (groupon customers know well to hide their groupon till the check comes),  I wish I wrote her name down, but regardless, she was fantastic.  My friend had the quesadilla and I had the tacos al pastor,... both were extremely filling, good, and were all we ate all day.  They weren't the BEST, but not bad.  Because we had great service, we give this 5 stars.
3	This past week we came here twice, once for dinner - and the second time was for late night tequila shots. For dinner, we were able to get a spot on the patio, overlooking the strip - great spot to people watch! Beers were overpriced, and undersized (so were the margaritas).. but the food is good. Order the fajitas, which can be split between two people (around $20) and you both will be full. There is karoake inside too until late night, so end the night perhaps with tequila and singing?
2	Tourist Trap.
3	If you are in the mood for OK Mexican food this place isn't bad.  It's a little pricey in my opinion.  They do karaoke and were happy to let my 4 year old have a go at it. If you're really feeling good try their competition nachos.  You and up to 3 friends have 55 minutes to eat all 8 pounds of nachos, and it's free, otherwise you pay fifty something dollars.  We did it in less than 20 minutes and asked for more chips.  It was a great time.
1	I could not have been less impressed with this place.We walked up to the hostess station inside only to be ignored by the hostess (and a second employee standing next to her) while she chatted on her walkie talkie with another employee.  Finally one of them said "You wanna eat?".  No, we randomly walk up to hostess stations all over the city without the intention of eating there.  I was ready to go but my friend had a groupon so he wanted to try it. We were then sent to the outside hostess station to be ignored by *4* more employees.  Seriously - how many employees do you need to stand around chatting with each other??  One girl even had her leg sprawled across the narrow entranceway to the outside seating.  The hostess went to seat us but didn't tell her to move her leg so she continued to chitchat and block the entrance while we waited.  I don't know who manages this place but he/she needs to get on the ball.After being seated we were greated by our waiter (something Kennedy?) who was very nice but seemed to want to rush us.  The drinks were served in plastic cups but I have to admit my drink was good (their version of a Long Island Iced Tea).  The prices are not that great (which we expected on the strip) and the food sucked.  It looked like it was going to be tasty but couldn't have been more bland.  There were no condiments offered and there was NOTHING on the table, even salt.I would never go here again.  Its typical drunk-touron crap.  Bad food, bad employees, bad pricing.
2	BOTTOM LINE:  there are so many great spots in LV, we probably won't be back.Pros: The location is GREAT, vibe is so relaxed, hot waitresses, good music, optional outdoor seating.  The guests looked happy & the staff were busting their butts....(except the bartenders)Cons:  we sat at th bar & got awful service which is weird bc they weren't busy.  This is a service based city, so waiting for silverware to eat ur food, not to mention a drink to wash it down (wtf) is not a huge request....The cheeseburger was w/o cheese :( and th bun (while tasty) was a little cold.  The med rare burger had bled badly onto th bun, which is kinda gross... Overall the flavor of the burger was decent, though.  The fries were fine.  With better execution the meal would have been pretty good - - the bad service was the clencher in this case.
2	No surprise. Very basic grub served by tough looking staff. Overpriced. You get what you would expect from something owned by Sammy Hagar. Only went to take advantage of deal for frozen margaritas - meh. Skip it unless you are DESPERATE.
3	Yummy fajitas, but not so yummy Sunday night karaoke.Skip it and sit outside if you can.  The entertainment is much better!
3	Went here last night for dinner (Halloween) - thought it was a cool place.Sat at the bar and the bar girl was really friendly.People everywhere celebrating Halloween, so was fun to watch.Cocktails there were lovely, especially the freshly made pina colada - a definite hit!My husband ordered the steak burrito and said it was lovely.  Nice big chunks of meat and a good flavour.I ordered the prawn in lime appetizer as wasn't too hungry.  Prawns were lovely and fresh but the whole dish tasted so strongly of lime I couldn't finish the meal - it was so over powering!  The paella rice was lovely and moist and fresh.When the bill came it turned out she had given us the main course option of the prawn and rice dish, when I specifically asked for the small appetizer version.  We did wonder why it was so large - but left it as you can never tell with some portion sizes.I would have rated it higher had it not been for the appalling lime flavoured prawn dish and the bar girl serving and charging us for the wrong size.I would recommend this place for a drink.
2	Location is awesome, great view & great people watching on the strip.  But that's where the positive ends.  Don't go here for the food.  Even after not eating all day and being drunk and starving, the food was still horrible - bland, dry, just overall bad (got the chicken burrito per the waitress's recommendation).  I would only go back for drinks on the patio... take your money elsewhere if you actually want to eat good food.
2	The Cabo Wabo Cantina is another one of those tourist traps along the Strip...but then again, isn't Vegas one big tourist trap?  Come here if you're interested in some mediocre-to-average Mexican food and some good tequila cocktails - unless you have a strong aversion to very bad service and an unprofessional wait staff.  In my opinion: YMMV depending on your expectations and the mood of the waitperson.Pros:Party atmospherePeople watchingStrip locationGood tequila cocktailsFree shots for outgoing-typesCons:Quality of ingredients and taste of foodWait staffWasted time (long wait for everything)Let's start with the good: nice Strip location with a lot of foot traffic, which means you'll have plenty of people watching opportunities.  If you are the type to "do anything" and cut loose, then you might get a free shot, drink, or shirt - they have games or tequila lines throughout the day/night.  During dinner and throughout the evening, it does get pretty loud and party-like so be advised.  This place definitely isn't for families with kids, seniors, or those with limited mobility.I went in with a party of 5 - 4 adults and 1 child.  The place is too loud for young children and the outdoor seating has you very close to the tables next to you - good luck trying to squeeze through with a stroller or going with somebody using a cane.  I spent about $100 (including tip) on just food - not bad for a casual bite on the Strip.  You get some decent sized portions for your money and the bartenders aren't shy about making stiff drinks, so it's not that bad if you can tolerate the wait staff and don't expect much from the food.Our table ordered a few things, including: chicken fajitas, shrimp burrito, nachos, an order of tacos, and of course, drinks.  The food was ok, kind of bland and lacked any excitement despite the loud music blaring throughout the restaurant.  I thought the shrimp was actually good, both the way it was cooked and the marinade, which was a stark contrast to the rest of the items we ordered.  The food isn't up to par with Chevy's but the food is better than Diablo's Cantina; I think both places (Diablo's Cantina and Cabo Wabo) offer a party type atmosphere on the Strip with poor service.  If you haven't guessed by now, I concur with the other reviews: Cabo Wabo has terrible service.  They have a young and unprofessional staff that couldn't care less about doing their job let alone paying any attention to the customer's needs.  Maybe they'll come by for more drink orders, maybe they'll come by to bring you the check, maybe they'll come back with your credit card - the whole experience makes you feel as if you're gambling.  Either the folks who work here have never eaten at a restaurant or they pick and choose their moments based on personal preferences/prejudices.  Management is obviously not looking for repeat customers - they are a one and done outfit.  I think it is odd that most of the "hip" joints on the Strip have suspect service and less than average food tied to a decent atmosphere (because of the customers and nothing to do with the actual place).  When compared to similar outfits, the Cabo Wabo is "ok" in terms of food, but you really have to check your service expectations at the door.  This place would be a totally different experience with a competent crew, but as it is, I cannot recommend this place to anyone looking for a stress-free meal.  Unfortunately, the Cabo Wabo is completely YMMV based on the whims of your server.
2	Went to Cabo Wabo tonight for a Vegas Young Professionals event, at first I thought I was in the wrong place because hidden far in the miracle mile shops it can be a bit confusing. The outside looks like any other "frozen" bar you would encounter on the strip. I walked up to the hostess stand and asked "where is the restaurant" she pointed down a long hallway. The restaurant itself is pretty small but it does have two levels. The second level seems to be a banquet/rental area and this is where our event was held. I had a margarita and while it was decent it was way too sweet and syrup-y for my tastes. A friend ordered a vodka soda and we were both shocked to find out the tiny little 8oz cup w/one shot costs $14!!! I have paid less at a nightclub! That's where the place lost two stars, I understand you're a strip bar but come on! $10 would even be an insult. I tried a piece of pizza and some taquitos, they were pretty good but I didn't sample the actual menu. The music was way too loud for a networking event or even sitting down to dinner. Overall this place has potential if they lower their prices.
1	Went here for lunch because I was going to a conference next door at Paris. I guess since we were a group of ten and the server knew he'd be getting automatic gratuity he figured he didn't need to put forth much effort. It took 10 minutes to get our drink order, then another 10 to take our food order...about 30 to get the food-you see where I am going with this? All of the waitstaff seemed to not want to make eye contact with the patrons for fear they may get asked for anything. The server only checked on us once about 15 minutes after the food had come out which to me was unacceptable, especially because they weren't busy. It took another 20 minutes to get the check. The food was terrible. I got beef tacos and the beef tasted like how dog food smells if that makes sense. An overall horrible lunch with horrible service and horrible food. Plus overpriced. Avoid this place!
1	Was here during a hot summer day and the place had a great view at the outside bar and seemed to be very vibrant. Once we walked in to the restaurant it was a different story. I soon found out why. I ordered the charcoal tacos. I think that was the name. Then again, who cares! It was disgusting. My GF had the sopes and man they were bad. The thing was as hard as a rock. Back to my tacos. If you can't even properly warm up a tortilla you shouldn't even bother working at a restaurant. The worst place I ever dined out was a place here in Chicago that I really thought was unbeatable. Until I met Cabo Wabo. Food is just brutal. I was waiting on Gordon Ramsey to walk out the kitchen. Doesn't even deserve any compliments of any kind with that kind of food.
2	I was there Sat for lunch. The food was NO bueno!  my friend had a Bloody Mary, she said it wasnt that good.I had an enchilada and a taco de carnitas........I might as well have just gone to Taco Bell and saved the money. The service was not the best either........... I had to ask one chick/hostess who clearly heard me the first time ....... where the restroom was at.I would never go back to this place.Yes, the outside seating patio is nice but thats about it for this place.
4	This review is based on the bar and drinks. We did not order food.We were looking for a place to rest and relax after walking around and had some time to kill before Peepshow. Our bartender was Maggie and she was great. We had a couple beers and a Waborita, which was excellent! Prices were about what we expected.I was a little turned off by our drinks being served in plastic cups but I guess that seems to be the norm in many places nowadays.We did not order food but the fajitas that kept going by us being carried by servers every 10 minutes or so smelled AMAZING. We will try them next time for sure, as we had nothing but bad luck in the Mexican food department in Las Vegas.A girl came up to us during our drinks and asked us to pose for a "free" photo, which she later brought back to us in a cardboard Cabo Wabo frame for only 15 dollars. Does not sound free to me! but we bought it because we liked the picture and we were enjoying ourselves. Why not remember the moment in a free photo that costs 15 bucks?
4	I generally enjoyed this place.  I'm kind of a Rock and Roll fan and really enjoy Sammy's work (Chickenfoot Rocks!).  So, when I got the chance to go to one of his signature joints, it was a no brainer.  First the drinks.  I had the Waborita.  Three of them actually.  They were, as expected, really good.  I've had Cabo Wabo tequila before and it's a good tequila.  These drinks were large and packed a punch.  Not to mention, they tasted good.Second, the food.  The food was also good.  The portions were large.  Not super large.  But not small.  The food tasted good and the ingredients tasted fresh.  The salsa, which they claimed was XXX spicy, was not what I expected as XXX spicy.  It was hot though and tasted good.  Next, the service.  Service was prompt.  The waitress was attentive to our needs and friendly.  Really couldn't ask for much more!The price.  It's a bit on the high side.  But then again, you are in Las Vegas.  If you are looking for cheap Mexican-ish food, there are plenty of Chipotles and Taco Bells floating around.  The quality here is better.  Expect to pay more.  Lastly, the atmosphere.  This is where I have my only real complaint about this place.  It felt like Jay Z, Pitbull, and Drake were on loop play, with the occasional rock song thrown in.  I know there are people that like that crap, but come on!  This is Sammy Hagar's place.  Play some damn Rock and Roll!All in all, I recommend it.  Just be prepared to spend a bit above average and to hear some crappy hip hop pop junk music.
3	Cool place. Great atmosphere. Bartender was just ok. Confusing Happy Hour. When the sign states 2 for 1 drinks for Happy Hour isn't it for everything ? Vague signage to draw people in.. ?
3	This place was really cool and had a great atmosphere.  I went here for drinks along with 3 other people and we sat at the outside bar.  I have never eaten here so this review has nothing to do with the food...although it smelled delicious!We sat in the back and all the tables were very, very close together.  So close that my chair was about an inch from the other table, it was hard to hang my coat on the back of my chair.  I understand it's a busy place located in the strip but I felt like I was trapped.  Our server arrived and he was very nice and animated.  We informed him that we were there for drinks ahead of time.  We had two mojitos and beer. The mojitos were delicious, but the beer tasted watered down, a little funny.Overall it was a good experience, and the server was great.  I would go back to try the food but I would sit inside this time.  I hate feeling like I'm intruding on someone else's dinner!
1	They don't honor the groupon that is out. I bought one of the $15 for $30 food and drinks. All they would give me is the $15 I originally paid. Don't buy the groupon, and you should not dine at a restaurant that pulls stuff like that. My server was decent and understanding of my situation.
4	This place is really nice. The only thing that's a disappointment is the price you have to pay for beers and the food. I would say, it's slightly over priced.I got the fish ceviche, which was really good. It has mango in it, so it's not traditional ceviche but it was super tasty, nonetheless. I went there for the karaoke, which was super good. It doesn't last long so get there early, but the DJ is very nice and the sound system is phenomenal! Definitely going back to this place.
1	If i could rate Cabo Wabo a negative score I would. We arrive just in time for Karaoke, which I would give 5 Stars.  But that's where the good ends. We were not actually sat by the hostess just pointed toward the tables. No menus, so I'm assuming the frat boy waiter assumed we didn't want service. When I asked for menus he looked at me like I was nuts. Then 5 seconds after getting the menus he asked us, "so are you gonna order something?" Really?He never asked us if wanted drinks, I went up to the Bar to get mine. For a weak 8 oz margarita it was TWENTY DOLLARS!!!! For a pre-made Slurpee with house alcohol!!   I would never go back there again. They treated us like trash and we did nothing to deserve it. And to top it off I accidentally left an expensive souvenir behind, when I returned they didn't have a lost n found they said "we just throw it away". I tried to express the whole experience to the manager, his response was "oh well". WOW - worst service EVER!
3	I was lured here by the Groupon deal $30 for $60 worth of food and drinks. Came here for breakfast, and once seated we went through the same thing as other yelpers, we we're informed that we needed to be a party of 4 to get the $60 worth of food and drink. At this point I didn't even care anymore I was starving and had already ordered anyway. Manager was going to give us the $30 off (what we paid).Hubby had a "michelada" and I had a mimosa. The michelada was warm, the spices and salt on the rim of the glass tasted awful. My mimosa was nasty, the orange juice tasted like sunny d and lacked champange.I ordered their "huevos rancheros" and hubby got the Nachos version of the Huevos rancheros. Both came with breakfast potatoes. The food was surprisingly yummy. The orange sauce on the huevos and nachos had a great flavor.By this time we had some friends join us at the table and we were able to use the $60 voucher. Overall I would only return here for the breakfast.
1	They have done more to piss people off with a Groupon they don't honor.  Would have been better off not having a Groupon.  We only had 3 people instead of 4 so they refused to honor the Groupon.  Hello people, 3 would eat less and it would cost you less.  Rude manager!  Offered to give me $30 I paid not $60 value.  We left and I will get a refund from Groupon.  Talk about bait and switch!!!!  Plus they have way too many table shoved together, felt like I was sitting with the people next to me.
3	The food is okay if you're hungry. But it's kind of pricey considering what you're getting. I'm guessing the cost is attributed to the location.
1	horrible service...
2	Pretty bland food, from the salsa to the tacos. The tortilla soup is good, but heavy.  Great service from Calvin though, the others are drones with zero personality. MaitreDs were too engrossed in their own banter to even acknowledge us.
5	This place met expectations. I have been to the one in Cabo and wanted to go to the one in Vegas. Got a groupon which made it a great deal. I had the nachos off the appetizer list. They were to die for. It was big enough for three people. I would definately eat here again.
5	Best drinks on the strip in my opinion. Prices are reasonable and it has a fun atmosphere looking over the strip
1	When you spend the money to go to Vegas you have expectations. You expect for the most part that you going to have a good time. Your going to get some good service and that your going to eat some good food.. Its Vegas Right? Wrong!!!!!! Cabo Wabo is a Mexican Cantina right on the strip next to the Planet Hollywood. I went in there to grab some dinner and have few beers on my way to do a little gambling.. The place overlooks the strip so I thought it would be fun to sit outside and watch the action from the overlook. The bar was only about 60% full so I felt lucky to have beat the dinner rush. What Rush? you ask.. Exactly.... there was no rushing anywhere. The waiter took 20 minutes to acknowledge me. When he finally did I ordered a beer and the Cadillac nachos.. I sat there for another 10 minutes before the guy brought back the beer. He apologized for the wait and said he was just busy, but the truth is the whole bar was not busy and I watched him talking to other people doing whatever... and it was him that was not busy at all.. That by itself would not be enough to piss me off, but I waited another 25 minutes for the nachos and when they arrived they were the most pathetic greasy and poorly executed terribleness I have ever seen.. They were some kind of stuffed tortilla concoction with a dollop of sour cream and some guacamole. A real disappointing dish.. To make it worse I was out of beer. I tried a couple of the nachos but they were so shitty I just decided to cut my losses and leave. I paid the bill, $21.62 by the way for shit nachos and a beer and left.. If it was not bad enough that the food sucked and the service sucked. I had to endure an hour and a half of Sammy Hagar music.. For a Vegas strip venue this place does NOT Rock in any way shape or form. Cabo Wabo is a just skip it and go on to Hard Rock Cafe for me..
4	Took my husband here last weekend ( he hasn't been to Vegas since 2006). We both LOVE the frozen lime margs and be careful of on the rocks style (POTENT)!It was busy about 1230 in the afternoon...but we got seated quickly outside and order drinks right away...we had to ask 20 minutes for chips and salsa. Other than that we both had the Cobb with Chicken.  Large salads with fresh tasting veggie, generous meat and very moist!  WE loved it.Try to get outside -its great people watching for sure!We will go back in Sept for our anniversay and it's the first place we plan on hitting once we check in to our hotel!
4	Cool spot for lunch outside on the strip with a great view, large portions so bring your appetite!
5	Great food, delicious cocktails, and excellent customer service. Danny, our waiter, was attractive AND charming! He was so attentive, made us laugh, and hooked us up with free shots! What a sweetheart. If we could have cloned him, we would have. :)
1	Horrible Horrible place. The service is ridiculous! The host was the extremely rude and made it seem as we were bothering her with our presence.  It seemed as if they didnt want you to come in so she can text on her phone and chat amoungst themselves.  For the great service is Las Vegas im sure this place can do better then need to re hire a whole new staff and start fresh.  Even the security guard was disrespectful! When I tried to walk by him to squeeze through he wouldent move and inch after asking.  Overall this place stinks and you can choose a way better place. DONT GO TO CABO WABO!!!!
5	Started with breakfast, great meal and drinks to get the day rolling. Spent the evening at the outdoor cantina and the bartenders mixed us some heavenly drinks. All the staff were gorgeous that we could see... Going back tomorrow ( well really today )
2	See Photo for Tequila Recommendation.Came here twice this last year.  Location is nice.  1st time: Food/Service for the food.....Not really that great.  I tried to eat here and left because the service was lacking.  Waters were not filled.  Food came cold and without condiments we needed like salsa and when we asked for it, the server forgot about us. 2nd Time: They earned an extra star because of Groupon. They had a special for $15 for $30 worth of food or drinks. The best part was that for some reason Groupon only charged $1! I was like What??? I don't care how bad, the place was before...Dollar for drinks? I'm in. I purchased 2!  Apparently it was some mistake, but Groupon honored it and I came armed with $30 to spend.  Went straight to the bar and got two $14 shots of tequila that came in a Worm shaped  bottle.Smooooooooth. So if you come armed with the Groupon or not get the Tequila in the Worm Bottle. You will not regret it. Skip the food.  Hagar earned the extra star for the Worm Bottle Tequila Basically and the nice bartender.  Didn't have time to use the other Groupon on that trip...but Worm Tequila...I'm coming back for you!!!
1	Stopped in on Sunday evening (6'ish).  It happened to be a place to eat on the walk back to our hotel.  Patio was full but inside it was half empty.  Got seated immediately.  I knew it was a tourist trap but even with that I was surprised how bad the service and food was.  Had to beg for our (mediocre) chips and salsa.  After 20 minutes of not getting our drinks this time I called for a manager.  He told us that our server got tied up with a large group.  I guess our group of 7 was not large enough.  Finally after asking him for our drinks he went and got them.  Having ordered a $7 draft Coors Light he brings that back 3/4 full *sigh*.  At this point, we just want to get our food and hope it's at least decent for the outrageous prices they charge.  Nope...wrong.  I ordered a steak soft taco and steak enchilada.  If you like the $2 steak tacos at Taco Bell then you would like these.  Seriously, I couldn't taste the difference.  Out of 7 dishes, only 1 person said their food was actually good.Continuing on with the bad service after waiting to get our check, we all added up our totals.  We were in the process of leaving our bad tip (sorry I usually tip well but this was terrible, un-apologetic, bad service) when a different (new) server comes out and asks if she can see the check because she believes she needed to add something to our bill.  Yeah right...I know the patio has a nice people/fountain view but avoid this place if you can.  I love Sammy Hagar but he failed especially with this place.
4	What a cool place ! I'm a hagar fan so this was treat for me.Food was great.. (had wings mostly). drinks were great too.. and sat outside which was nice as well..
5	Thanks to Katie, I'm drinking bubblegum vodka drinks and telling everyone they are cosmos to save face... Great shrimp tacos, great drinks and cabo swag.
3	We had a 20% coupon for Cabo Wabo, so we came here...but forgot the coupon. Story of my life.The drinks were good, but too expensive. I paid more here than I normally pay in NYC for a cocktail.The food was good. Especially liked the salsa, nom. We also came back for brunch, and that menu is good too. Liked the breakfast quesadillas. Also too expensive.The scene is non-existent. But keep in mind, we were sitting inside because it was a cold night out. Warmer evenings overlooking the Bellagio fountains are probably superb.Server was super friendly. Gave out a free shot for our birthday girl.All in all, a good enough spot to eat. Maybe save it for the warmer months.
2	Although the margaritas were tasty, they were pretty expensive!! And honestly I had a hard time finishing my grilled fish tacos, they just weren't  that great, my dad had the lobster enchilada and that was ok, I also tasted the Cadillac nachos, all in all nothing special. Good location mediocre food over priced drinks. Nothing surprising here
1	If I could give Sammy Hagar's Cabo Wabo Cantina zero stars I would. (also his music!) We arrived, party of two, at 10 pm. We asked to be seated inside, but valuing our hearing, we asked to move outside. Our waitress was angry and rude that we wanted to move. She took our order but refused to seat us outside. When we got outside we were ignored by EVERY EMPLOYEE FOR OVER AN HOUR. They refused to acknowledge me waving or attempting to flag them down. Our waitress was inside and outside helping OTHER people and flirting with the bar staff. After over an hour and no explanation or attention we left. We were NEVER SERVED OUR FOOD. This place is the worst. So glad I don't live in LV because otherwise I would demand repayment of my valuable time. Horrible place. Just horrible.The one star is for the single (never refilled) glasses of water we were given. We never got anything else.
4	I am sort of surprised by the negative reviews of this place. My husband and I are in our 20s and this was a great dinner for a night when we didn't want to spend hundreds of dollars.  We split the double order of fajitas for $30 which is and incredible price for vegas.  The patio is fun and lively.  If you sit along the outside bar, you can watch the fountains. They will refill your souvenir glasses for something like $12 which is also a good price.  The food was good and it was a great atmosphere. Obviously not a gourmet place, but that seems pretty obvious as you walk up...
2	Um....is there booze in those things!? This review is for the "to-go" frozen drink stand only. Seriously. Go for the 'extra shot' deal. They may be expensive, but they don't taste like they have alcohol in them. They are OK in flavor....definitely mix the Pina Colada with Strawberry.
2	I bought a groupon for this place because I figured I could just get some drinks with it. We got there and told the hostess we just wanted to drink so she pointed us in the direction of the outside bar...well there were no seats in the bar, so we wandered around and eventually sat ourselves at the inside bar. The BF and I got a couple of their 'signature' margaritas. They were pretty terrible. I had the prickly pear margarita and it was very strong and tasted fairly terrible. Also, they put some super spicy stuff around the rim of the cup that was really unpleasant and was not mentioned on the menu. The drinks were 12$. This was ridiculous. I would not come back here again.
2	Not good. The outside seating is remarkable in itself. The view of the fountains, the ambience and the general people watching is some of Vegas's finest but the food? Yuk. The service, sad. We had appetizers and drinks...during what they call happy hour. The servers were far from happy. Each one looked and acted miserable. No smiles, no small talk just sad. The food was like frozen appetizers from your grocers freezer. And the frozen margarita special was lame. The cup was so small and a hundred of them wouldn't have given you the slightest buzz. Total dissapointment. Never again, no matter how hungry I am or how cool it looks. This place sucks.
5	Lobster enchiladas ftw
5	I am vegan and love this spot! We usually order a vegan burrito or vegan fajitas etc. I just have to be clear about not having any cheese/cream/lard/chicken stock etc. I am always disappointed with my drinks at other establishments because they rig the liquor, but I have never had an issue with my drinks at Cabo Wabo. Nice outdoor patio overlooking the strip, great chips 'n salsa, and tasty drinks! Yum!Tip: We purchase 20% off coupons at the nearby kiosks for like $2 and usually get our photo taken while eating that comes with another 20% off coupon!
4	Great Food, Great Drinks, Vegas, What else can you ask for!I can't believe this place has bad review.Come on ppl, you're on the strip, drinks will be expensive and if you bought bad groupons, it's your fault for not reading the find print lolAnyways...this was our last stop before heading home.Had a drink to sober up ;) Cadillac margarita, strong enough to even us out!We got sat right away, party of 8.Our server was super cool and friendly. Even after a table walked out in her and left her with a $90 check. SO messed up. But who wouldn't be bummed after that? So it didn't matter to us. She knew everything about the menu and sold me the house special like it was gold on a plate haha did I regret it? NO. It was fish on top of dirty rice and this green sauce, which I call chimichurri back home. AMAZING combination of flavors.Everyone was super satisfied with their food.I'm not gonna lie, the kitchen did mess up on 2 orders but they also fixed a special plate for one of us.Everyone mentioned the chips and salsa on their reviews and they are right! the salsa is just perfect and super addicting...We got a super cute group pic taken by the photographer that works there, perfect to end our trip.I had a great experience here and I will come back next time I'm in town!
4	The location for this place is awesome. You are right on the strip with the view of the cosmopolitan and other hotels. You have to order food in order to sit on the patio but if ya could just get an order of nachos. Great place to people watch and have a couple of beers.
1	Ok, so me and my bf went here with a groupon. All i have to say is that i am sooooo glad it was with a groupon because if i had paid regular price i would have been upset.Lets start off with, we got seated quickly. That was a good start, but from then on it went down hill. We got TERRIBLE service. We weren't the only ones either because i heard the people sitting around us commenting about the horrible service they were getting also. Finally when the waitress came around, we ordered the sampler platter and the signature margarita. The food was mediocre...you would think for the price is would be wow! but it was "ehhh". The drink also was nothing special for the price and for their "signature". We didn't bother ordering anything else because for us, it wasn't worth it.To sum it up, i should have checked out yelp before buying the groupon, but oh well. You never really know until you try something for yourself. Anyways, I don't like this place and i wouldn't refer anyone to it either.
3	We sat right away for a party of 3. The server was attentive considering we went on Spring Break and the place was packed for breakfast. The have great patio seating so you can people watch. Can't mess eggs and toast up too much. Also had the chicken chiliquiles over fried tortillas with an over easy egg on top with melted cheese with a mild.sauce. That was good.
3	Stopped in for a snack and drink.  Patio is nice, but the uncovered tables can be ridiculously hot.  drinks were ok... good, but nothing special.  salsa and guacamole are good.  chips were pretty bad.  i think they make their own, but the oil wasn't hot enough or something.  they were super greasy, but also tough. bleh.  i also got the lobster taquitos.  sounded interesting, so figured i'd try something different.  regretted that move.  not good.  the lobster tasted super fishy (never a good sign).  had to drown them in salsa and guac to make them edible.  it's a meh kind of a place.
2	This place happened to be really close by while we were waiting to check into our hotel.  Unfortunately, this place wasn't good at all.  I ordered the fish tacos.  They weren't very well seasoned and the salsa was pretty bland.  The cheese dip was probably the worst I've ever experienced at a restaurant and that's saying a lot given the amount of Mexican food I eat.  The only decent thing I had was the margarita (although severely overpriced) because it's hard to go too terribly wrong with tequila.Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this place.
4	First off I'll be discussing their Margarita bar that faces the mall, and then the actual dining experience.A friend of mine offered to buy all of us a Margarita. They had the usual sizes, and then some of the ridiculous huge weird ways of drinking. You can get the large long one that you see people walking around or a guitar. Honestly the smallest size they offered was more than enough. It was actually made really well, because usually most places I get them, they taste disgusting. I just had the original flavored one which was great. The person who served us had a well... uhmm huge rack :)Now as for the food. Our other friend suggested that we try their ridiculous 8lb nacho platter challenge. Only up to 4 people can be involved, with no bathroom breaks, and a 55 minute time limit. If you should complete it, you get the meal for free. Otherwise it's 55 bux. Now I thought... well we just need to each eat 2 lbs, and I have ate 2 lbs of food before. So it's possible.I was completely wrong. As soon as our waiter dropped it off, I already saw a wall of defeat immediately. It was ridiculously huge and had a ton of sour cream and guacamole. It was delicious to eat for 10 minutes, then the mental breakdown began. Staring at the food did not help, and we ended up quitting after 30 minutes in. We ate a good 70% of it. Now if there wasn't a challenge or hurry, I would have fully (no pun intended) enjoy it. It had shrimp, beef, and chicken in the mix. It was by far one of the best nacho's I have enjoyed.Things I disliked: The chairs. Some of them or low and some of them are high. They don't give you the best support and are extremely heavy and uncomfortable.The service was good, and he would regularly check in and check our status.
3	I started here on a club crawl. They were very nice to us. They put out appetizers and chips and dips. Drinks were fine but a bit pricy. Should have been able to pick our own shot. The one they gave us was awful.
2	This place gets a two because it is insanely overpriced, and the portions are small. The food tastes fine, but not great.. Cabo Wabo  has a nice patio on the Vegas strip, but I could eat better somewhere else for the same price or cheaper. I will say, they do have decent margaritas. Oh and avoid the nacho appetizer. It's literally one dozen nachos for WAYYYY too much.
2	Went there for drinks and were pricey.  Was a restaurant atmosphere.
1	GREAT FOODGreat viewTERRIBLE serviceWe sat first, couple to the right got served their drinks before us, we ordered an appetizer, guy to the left sat after us and got his appetizer before us.  Our waitress THEN came back w/out drinks to ID us after about 10 mins of waiting. I was not a happy camper. Appetizer never showed, dinner came, and unfortunately it was really good. BUT I'd never go back.  Go to Border Grille or the Mexican place in the shopping center across from the Wynn. But don't go here.
2	All we were looking for was an outdoor patio to enjoy a drink or two before heading to the airport but unfortunately, we chose Cabo Wabo.  The outdoor patio is great but the service was pretty bad and the food was nothing special.  There was a sign by the hostess stand that said pitchers of beer for $15 - a steal in Vegas for sure!  We asked our waiter what beers qualified and he listed off a few decent Mexican beers so we took him up on the offer and ordered a pitcher of Dos XX Lager.  About 5 minutes later he came back and told us they were out of that one so we ordered the Tecate instead.  5 minutes more he came back and said all they had was Coors Light, WTF?? How do you advertise a special and not carry anything that's supposed to be on the special??  Someone must be terrible at ordering product or they just don't give a crap, not sure which.  Our waiter was really nice about it though and he was embarrassed as well so I can't place all of the blame on him.  We decided to go with margaritas and then some bottled Mexican beers to follow and when we got our check, we really wished that $15 beer special would have been available, such a rip off!  The chips and salsa were pretty lame and the taquitos were ok but my friend said her tacos were bad.  Overall, come for the beers specials and that's it...but make sure they're available first!!
1	$11 for a washing-machine margarita on the Strip? Rude service, and the bar is chilly and drafty in the winter. Not sure why I got suckered into going here, but never again.
1	We came here because we were starving, and looking for mexican food. Well, we really messed up picking this place.There's a patio area and then the area inside. We decided to eat inside, even though the girl told us there was karaoke going on inside. Big mistake. We stepped into deafening noise. The "DJ" there thought he was the funniest, cutest thing, but he was actually just obnoxious. The only people there doing karaoke were his friends and family. Like, his mom and shit. What was funny is he had a laptop to DJ. And he was shit at it. He would blast a song during every interval, and then act all flustered cause he had "so many people to get through" that night. There were two people besides us that weren't his family. Too loud and too annoying.Also, the cooks didn't take the wrapper off of my fiance's cheese and put it on his burger. WTF. And the waiter was a jerk. I finished my water and ate my ice, and he brought out 3 more waters, I guess to be funny? I finished it because you didn't bring my drink within 10 minutes. Then he randomly stopped by and left his own personal drink on our table. wtf wtf wtf. Never again.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE! TERRIBLE MANAGEMENT! I wish I had read the reviews to this place! What a huge mistake!  We ordered 2 large margarita's and 2 waters, about 10 or 15 minutes go by and the server returns to take our order when she stil has not even brought us our water or our margarita's, we place our order and she say's she'll be back with our drinks....about 20-25 miutes later here is our food being brought out by someone else, still no water, still no maragrita's yep kind annoyed so we begin eating I mean we're hungry right, the waitress passes by again and again we finish our food STILL NO WATER & NO MARGARITA'S Well now we are done eating and STILL NO WATER & NO MARGARITA'S  well by now I obviously ask to speak with a manager, well he could care less and the jerk (the manager, tall guy dark skin dark hair maybe 23 or 25) thought we we're gonna pay for our margarita's ummmmm excuse me and when did either one of us drink one??? so yep payed for our food full price had dry mouth and left so if you go to this place good luck hope your not thirsty!
2	Just plain bad all the way around. I had one of those giant fishbowl margarita's and it was way too overly sweet. not a good margarita at all.  I didn't even eat dinner there but tried some of my friends dishes.  The ceviche was a total rip off.  it was like $15 and it came with a tiny tiny portion like honestly its ridiculously how tiny the portion was.  come here for the atmosphere and nothing else.  Don't expect much for food quality here.
2	The empty bar should have been the first clue to the mediocrity that is Cabo Wabo.The food was ehhh ("tostada" was more a pile of oversauced food on a nacho)... The service was ehhh... The music was slightly too loud... And the karaoke (which consisted of two creepy, old male singers and no crowd) was pretty awful.  Quite saddening.
1	Yikes. We came here for breakfast one morning and man did we regret it. The worst service I've ever experienced and the worst food. Everything was very greasy... Actually, greasy is the wrong word... It was oily. Very oily. Ew. We had basic eggs, bacon, toast and hashbrowns which I thought was hard to screw up but somehow they went above and beyond. Took an entire napkin to soak up the oil from my easy over eggs. My friend had the scrambled eggs which were clearly scooped from a bucket of pre-made, and gooey, eggs. Makes me shudder to think of it.The service was brutal. She forgot to bring us knives and forks, then forgot salt and pepper, and the ketchup and then she sat in the corner giggling with the rest of the staff until we finally asked someone else. What a joke.Avoid at all costs.
2	I was really expecting more for being in a pretty decent location in Las Vegas.  The food was really sub par - I had three styles of the soft shell tacos and two were very dry.  Also when I ordered a "bottle" of Miller Lite from the menu it came in a can... I know its only Miller Lite but if I order it in a bottle I expect a bottle...The service on the other hand was very good, attentive and on top of things.  There was no "push" to turn the table and get another tip which was nice in that type of setting.  Unfortunately the food was not very good and with so many other choices in the area I don't know if I would venture in to give another meal a shot.
4	This place looks like your average casual dining/bar (which it is).The waitresses are dressed casual but all of them are wearing belly shirts! Hey, I'm not mad at them, just wondering if this is some kind of dress code? They were friendly and there was definitely a very laid back vibe. I think I was in my bikini with some small cover up and I didnt feel out of place. There were moments when I felt the service could have been a little quicker but I am a very fast paced (like to be in and out of casual dining in 30 minutes or less) so I can forgive them a little for that.What warrants the 4* rating? The FOOD!!I would describe it as "upscale" or maybe more "fine dining" ish... nothing was heavy handed or greasy or overly cheesy as with most mexican restaurants...it was presented nicely and tasted delish and my husband and I did not feel overly full (I hate that).  We ordered the ceviche and a combo that had a cheese enchilada and I think a beef taco, with rice and beans. I really did not expect that caliber of mexican food when I walked into this place so I give them their props. Also, the location is really great- right off the strip and next to alot of shopping (Sephora is right next door) Anyway, seems like alot of mixed reviews of this place but my husband and I truly enjoyed their food; maybe it depends on what you order.
2	Whatever Mexican food and crappy service.  Go find a million better restaurants on the strip.  They also charge for the chips and salsa.  This place will be gone within the year.
1	This place was horrible! Went in for dinner, place was about half full, if that... Should have been a warning sign... Took more than 20 minutes to get a drink order in. Over 30 minutes to get some chips. Chips came, and the server had dropped off a load of beer for another table at the same time as getting out chips. He had manages to get the run off from the beer all over the chips. Didn't notice it till we were like wonder why the wet!?! Gross! Food came about 45 minutes later, it was nasty... Dry, flavor-less, and my stomach was all messed up after this place. Wonder why... Save your money, don't go here. Everything from the food to the service is a joke...
4	I harshed this place in my last review of it, deservedly in my opinion. I gave Cabo Wabo another chance on a recent trip.  My buddy and I wanted to chill and have a couple drinks, so we gave it another try for drinks and appetizers. We asked to sit on the outdoor deck overlooking the strip, and it was all good this time.  Our server was very attentive and fun.  The margaritas were good.  The chips and salsa were good.  The "Mexiyaki" chicken wings were great.  We had a great time and ended up having "more than couple" margaritas along the way.   Pricing seemed fine for drinks and appetizers in Vegas.  I think the tab with tax for chips and salsa, chicken wings, and about 8 margaritas was about $100.00  All in all, I'd say Cabo Wabo is great for drinks and appetizers if you want casual and if you want to sit outside.  They have indoor seating, but I can't speak to that.  For me at least, one the main draws is the outdoor deck overlooking the strip.
4	I went here briefly before they were closed so I expected somewhat crappy service.  But since I was craving for some chicken wings, I braced myself for the abuse. I was shocked when the food came out literally seconds after we ordered it.  I have never in my life received food so fast.  Not even from a fast food restaurant.  I was thinking that it was just me since I had wings, but even a table of four that came in after me, was served in less than a minute.  It was the best magic trick I had seen in Vegas! Go there just for the show, if anything else.  I am not big on Mexican food, hence the reason I ordered chicken wings at a Mexican restaurant.  Don't judge me...the wings were excellent, by the way!!
4	We sat outside to enjoy The Strip view and were treated to a good, quick lunch. We ordered food and in less than 10 minutes it was at our table. Amazing. Try the tacos al carbon platter, street tacos on corn tortillas with fresh ingredients and nice spices.The wait staff was laid back and cool. A great view and a nice meal.
3	Located in the Miracle Shops and you can hear them play Top 40s and David Guettas' entire album while walking by. They have an outdoors area to sit and eat as well as space inside but we sat at the bar trying signature drink, the Waborita and boy oh boy was it tasty. Of course a camera girl walked p to us asking to take our picture for a discount and blah blah blah. We declined on buying the picture and she walked away frustrated, well why even bother?
3	We stopped here for a quick drink inside the Miracle mall while waiting for the Marc Savard comedy show.  We sat down, spoke to the bartender for a bit, and ordered Waboritas, very good btw.However, yet another camera lady came and took a picture of us.  When I told her I did not want to buy the picture, she stormed away with a pretty bad attitude....Dear Cabo Wabo / Planet Hollywood, please do not allow rude photographers ruin the experience of your guests.  Cheers
2	Ummm HELLO this is Vegas, you're right out on the strip and you lure people in to eat at your establishment. But tell me as I'm crossing the threshold, outside drinks aren't allowed. REALLY?!?!?!?! Ok, well I damn sure ain't buing one from you now. I'll have water with my meal. Thanks!**food wasn't all that, I've had better down the way at Margaritaville...ijs.
1	Very displeased with the food you get better taste at taco bell, tortilla soup literally "velveeta soup, ceviche not good, taco platter w/rice and beans, frozen dinners are better. Don't recommend it. Oh by the way the happy hour drinks not soooo good slurpees have more taste.
4	Good food, good margaritas, good service.
2	Watered down frozen margaritas and mediocre food.  The one in cabo is great which is why we wanted to go.  With all the choices nearby save your pesos.
1	We stopped in here on our last trip to Vegas. We wanted to grab a few last cocktails on The Strip before catching our flight home. We went to the bar; the counter seats were full, but not one of the 30+ tables had a guest seated. We let the hostess know we'd like a table since the bar was full. She asked us if we would be having lunch there as well; we just ate and were not interested in dining, we just wanted drinks. Both of the hostesses that were there informed us that they could not seat us at a table if we only wanted drinks. I MIGHT understand this if there was a high demand for tables, but keep inmind that NO ONE was seated at the tables. They couldn't spare one table and serve us drinks?!?!We asked "you're really going to turn down paying customers because we don't want food?!".....her response "it's our policy; we can't seat you if you're not ordering food too."We went a few doors down to La Salsa Cantina, and had a couple of delicious margaritas & food was not mandatory. Why in the world would you turn down a paying customer?
2	First of all this place is WAY too loud. Don't get me wrong, there is a time & a place to crank it up...like my car...but when you give up completely on trying to talk to the person NEXT TO you (NOT ACROSS) because the screaming you've been trying isn't working...it's time to go down a decibel or 2.Second, the tables and chairs are made of wood. And, 13 hours later, my a$$ still hurts! No joke. I have never been more uncomfortable at a restaurant ever.Third, the service. I was in a large party and there was one girl taking care of us w/o help and she did a fantastic job. No one's order got messed up, drinks kept coming (she kept track of what everyone was drinking). She rocked it.And, lastly, the food. As is pretty typical of the Strip, the food was just OK and WAY overpriced. Portions were slightly on the small side. I had a chicken soft taco which was mediocre at best for $7. It was pretty flavor less. Husband got carnitas something which had rice, beans, and big chunks of pork. He gave it a B. He had soda and I had water. The bill came to almost $30.Honestly, the only reason I saw the inside of this place was because of the group function I attended. I most likely won't eat here again.There are literally 50 different Mexican places in LV I would have been happier to eat at for 1/2 the price. Chipotle has is all over this place!! Sammy shouldn't have quit his day job!!
2	Think overpriced (I know that's Vegas in general) chain restaurant.  I have been to the original in Mexico and the relation is apples and oranges. Food was not great and the atmosphere was nothing special. The waitress forgot part of food order and if it wasn't for the location and outside sitting area I would have given it 1 star. It's basically Mexican TGI Fridays. There are plenty of other non-chain Mexican restaurants on the strip if you have a craving for Mexican . Don't get fooled into thinking this is going to be anything like the original Cabo Wabo.
4	Ate here on the weekend with a party of ten. Was kind of nervous because no where else would take us as walk ins. We waited a few minutes at bar while tables were being set up. We ate outside on the patio. The water show at the Bellagio was going on through out our dining experience so that was pretty amazing! The Margaritas were pretty good. We love rock and roll music so had a great time of enjoying the moment. The service was pretty good, could have been a little better, but realistically, on a Saturday night in Vegas when the house seems to be rocking, we have eaten at much worse places! One thing we liked is that our waiter asked if it was our first time dining here. Because we said yes, he went over menu and we listened to his recommendations. The guacamole and Sampler were awesome. When we left, the managers and hostesses said good bye(that is rare these days!).We will be back next month, or next big boys night out!!!!!
1	Our 1st time here and we were not impressed with the drinks or service. The waitress didn't like her job & seemed annoyed.  Chips were stale and margaritas were uninspiring and served in plastic cups. Definitely not in Cabo.
1	Arrived in Vegas after a long day of driving from the Grand Canyon North Rim. Waited a while to meet up with our friends. When we finally met them we were on the brink of starvation so decided to go to Cabo Wabo (we were staying at PH). It couldn't be that bad, right? Alas, we fell into the age old trap of being starving on vacation, picking the first place you see instead of pushing on to find something better, and eating somewhere crappy.We sat inside for the A/C. It is LOUD in there. There were only four of us but we were practically screaming at each other. We didn't want to order $14 margaritas, so we got a round of Blue Moon beers. They don't have a drink menu, so we found out when we got the bill that these were $8.50 each. Rip off. My friend ordered chips and salsa. The salsa was pretty decent. I got two chicken soft tacos. They were ok. A really huge portion, I could barely finish one of them. My husband got some kind of burrito smothered in cheese that looked disgusting. He said it was alright. We were seated next to an annoying stagette with a bride who thought it was awesome to stand on the table in her bikini bottoms singing along (badly) to Don't Stop Believing (eye roll). Props to the staff member who stood by her to make sure she didn't fall on her head. No atmosphere, expensive drinks, and bland, overpriced food. The only saving grace was that our waiter was a super hunk.
3	We stopped  at Cabo Wabo to try it out since its Sammy Hagar's Joint. We were greeted  and seated by a very attractive Hostess. She left us with 2 menus.15 minutes later our Server stopped by we ordered 2 Coronas while we perused the menu. When our Server returned with our drinks . We ordered the Carne Asada Nachos and the Steak and Shrimp Fajitas. The restaurant was decorated with some cool Rock Memorabilia from Sammy Hagar.Our food arrived 20 minutes later.. The Nachos were good and it was a good size portion.The Steak and Shrimp Fajitas were pretty tasty . But the portion size was lacking .Cabo Wabo is also a little pricey. I paid by Discover Card and Rolled out.
1	Want to pay a lot of money ($60) for a mediocre lunch for two? This is your place. As an added bonus you get really loud music, plastic cups for your drinks and you have to pay for chips and salsa. Keep walking, even if you are tired and hungry like we were.
2	Empty dining room at 7:30 pm?  Should've know it would suck.  If I'm paying $20 bucks for below-mediocre tex mex could I have a glass instead of a frat party plastic cup?  I'm trying to think of something that I liked about this place besides my company and I can only come up with "well, at least I didn't get food poisoning".
2	Good service & cold beer. I would recommend drinking here and eating elsewhere.
1	CONTEXT: Recently graduated college dudes stop by Cabo Wabo at the tail end of a weekend, because it has the unbeatable combination of queso and 97 televisions.THE REVIEW: Jesus Herbert Christ.  We went into this not caring that it had a 2ish star review, and expecting it to be standard sub-par Tex Mex.  What we got were plates of butt vomit, mildly unique from each other, served in convenient thirty minute intervals.I guess I should mention positive aspects of the experience first.  The hostess was very, very attractive, as were many of the kind, smart, and important ladyfolk on the waitstaff.  We must have been assigned the one legacy bid, but that wasn't much of a big deal (side note - there were about 150 waitresses, all coming from upstairs or the kitchen, at all times.  There were twenty patrons.  Who are you serving?  What the hell is upstairs!?  Irrelevant.  I apologize).  When ordering, the waitress let us know that salsa came with the queso, and it would be a waste of money to order the chips and salsa.  That's groovy, in my book.  She did that once or twice again when we were ordering our meals, and probably saved us about ten dollars by letting us know random things our hangovers weren't allowing us to pick up on by ourselves.  Lastly, there was a TV in every corner, and they were all on the Sunday night NFL game.  No nonsense from ESPN8: The Ocho or garbage political newsfeeds.  Bueno.The one reason we stopped here, above all others, was cheese dip.  It is a staple of our recovery rubric.  It is a communion cracker of sorts, after a bingy, gambly wreck of a weekend in Las Vegas.  The queso at Cabo Wabo was of decent consistency, with pico de gallo sprinkled on top.  It never filmed, it wasn't powdered-cheese-turn-queso.  It was physically acceptable.  It tasted, however, like government cheese with a hint of dirt or motor oil from the ungloved hand that had handled it prior to putting it into a bowl and melting it.  Did we eat it?  Shit yes.  Should we have?  I don't know, but it still feels like the demon sauce is painted onto my esophagus.  It came with thick chips that probably would have been tasty, had they been heated or lightly salted before arriving.  The salsa is a thick roasted pepper (chipotle?) salsa that was on the edible side of questionable.I had been craving fajitas all weekend, mostly because my phone auto-corrected a slur I had written in a text to the word "fajitas" on the night of our arrival.  Karma for my ignorant textual intention greeted me fist-to-face when I received my hamburger steak fajitas, which arrived with a fajita sizzlesmell that literally caused people at the table to cough.  If your lungs bark at the smell of a food, you're probably experiencing the triggering of some sort of evolutionary warning system.  I ignored it.  My meatloaf fajita was served very well done, over a bed of 90% onions and 10% red peppers.  The fajita complements were all satisfactory, and by the end of the meal, I was making soft tacos with just the guac, sour cream, refried beans, and shredded cheese.My friends ordered the jalapeno chicken burrito thing, the fish tacos, and the kids' menu chicken fingers.  No one liked their food, save for the manchild who ordered from the kids' menu.  I think the chicken fingers would have been difficult to sabotage, though, given the effort in doing so to the other dishes.  Of note - four chicken strips were twelve dollars.  The fish tacos were particularly no good.  It seemed like someone had forgotten to deep fry them, or had intentionally *shrug* *middle finger to no one in particular* *microwave*'d them.Our bill came out to about 25 dollars a person.  That may be an inaccurate number, though, because I don't know if it garnered interest while we waited for our waitress to pop out of her coma and acknowledge us.  The booth at which we were seated was a backseat pulled from a 1983 Ford Tempo, and our cups of pond water may have had mosquitoes camping out on them.  I can't recall.  Notwithstanding our miserable experience, the $4.00 plastic cup of Coke I ordered was delicious...OH!  Afterthought!  We were denied outdoor seating, despite the 8-10 empty tables we noticed on the patio.  It was probably for the best, as the daystar would have ruined us worse than Cabo Wabo did on its own.  I wish I had more hands, so I could give Sammy's place four thumbs down.  As a connoisseur of substandard Mexican food, I implore you to avoid this place.  The Megan Fox lookalikes out front are Sirens, I promise.
3	Had dinner here the other night. Husband had the fish and shrimp tacos. I had the cobb salad. Both were just ok. Nothing to write home about. It's very loud and dark in here. Not recommended for kids. The one thing that WAS fabulous, was the margaritas. Very tasty!!
3	Over priced!  But then again it is the Las Vegas strip!! Cool atmosphere, typical food.
2	There are only two stars to give to this place, one for the location and patio view, and the other for the decor of the restaraunt.  The salsa was great too, but I'm out of stars.I and another guest at the table ordered a steak and chicken taco combination, there were three of us total. Our food came out in minutes!!  WOW!  I read another reviewer here with the same experience, littlerally a minute or two after they ordered it, and for that gave it 4 stars.  Let me clue you in!  This Vegas magic performance is not a good thing. Chicken and Steak take time to cook!!!  I can tell you, from the taste, that this was not cooked to order.....  NOR was it cooked anytime in the past hour prior to eating it.  I'm suprised I didn't donate my food to thier bathroom afterwards, it was so gross I didn't finish it.  The waitress never came back to ask us how our food was, nor did anyone for that matter.  **Ramsey alert, I think this place is a canidate for Kitchen Nightmares!!If you want a cool patio view and a drink of some sort, this is your spot, otherwise, RUN, not WALK, somewhere else.  Overpriced microwave food can be had elsewhere!
1	Came here for lunch. Waited 20 min for a shaded outdoor table & got one half shaded. Asked hostess for a more shaded table, she said i had to wait... um isnt that what i just did?? Came inside, waitress took over 10 min to greet us. Drinks we ordered sat at the bar for over 5 so I got up to get them. One corona was warm. My crispy taco fell apart in the first bite, shrimp taco was super watery. Bad experience, will not come back.
5	Great service from Ron by the bar! Thanks for the house margarita!!
1	Met up with two friends here before we went to a pool. I was late so they had already ordered food before I had arrived. As I was looking at the menu, their food came and they both ordered some type of tacos, well both of their orders had hair right on the top of their food!!!! I understand this happens from time to time, but for it to happen on two entrees at the same table just really made me lose my appetite! They sent their food back, we paid for our drinks and went to eat at the pool. Even without the hair, the food looked barely edible to begin with. Definitely won't go back unless it's just for drinks.
1	We were a group of seven who went here... We were told that there would be a table available in 15-20 minutes. When 25 minutes had passed, I asked the waiter very politely when we would expect our table and pointed out that we had been waiting for 25 minutes. She gave a very rude answer, which were something like: "I told you it would be 20 minutes and you have definitely not waited 25 minutes." After that I was baffled. Who treats their customers that way? Right after she finished the sentence another waiter comes up with menus and says that the table is available. I turn around to call my friends over. Meanwhile the first waitress is saying: "Are you coming or what!? she is waiting for you. Go go go." In a really hush and angry voice, and the other waiter were off before we had a chance to follow her. We were all in some sort of chock; we have never experienced anything like this before. We decided to find another place to eat breakfast after that introduction.
5	Great food.
2	Located right on the strip. Horrible mixed drinks and expensive food. The service was not good. Our server was wearing a hoodie and called me "bro" ....i am not a bro.
1	Greasy eggs, Who can screw up toast? it  tasted funny and had to be sent back! Really bad service - no tip here!Walk around this one! It is probably a better bar!
4	AWESOME! The chips and salsa are delicious! Make sure you ask which one is hotter (spicy hot). I enjoyed my time here with my boyfriend. We sat in the patio by the strip, it is across the Bellagio, so we got to see the water show.
5	After a long day, got right in.  Drinks and chips came quickly.  The salsa is not for the weak but I like it hot! Loud rock music atmosphere but could still easily have a conversation.  What else would you expect from a place associated with Sammy H.
4	Oh Cabo Wabo.  Stopped here for the drinks after breakfast so it wasn't very crowded.  Service was quick and everyone was friendly.  The fufu drinks were pretty strong and I'd definitely hit this place up again/
5	Waborita is the best!  Manager John, servers Ron and Linda, and bartender Tiffany are AWESOME!  In Vegas for 4 days, stopped in every night!  I Love This Bar! ( Right?). :-)
5	Last night in Vegas was awesome. My cousin and I had a great time eating here the food was good but the service was amazing! Danny was awesome! Thank you for the wonderful service and great ambience.
3	Great place to stop for a drink or for outdoor eating on the strip! Food is average, nothing special but not bad at all. Service was fast and friendly.
4	While taking a visitor to see the Bellagio - and with a 2-year old in tow, we looked for a quick dinner spot that can easily accomodate a toddler.  We turned around from the Bellagio fountains and saw Cabo Wabo and decided to check out the prices.  On a Monday evening around 6pm the place was pretty empty and we sat inside.  The service was excellent and overall we had a very enjoyable dinner experience and I will return to eat here.  Now, the food is a bit overpriced for casual mexican-fare - but this is a Strip-facing restaurant and overpriced food is just normal.  If you live here, you know this well and can't exactly fault the place for it.  If the prices are too much for you, go find a mexican restaurant inside a not-so-popular hotel.  We started with the fresh guacamole and it was simply wonderful and fantastic and worth the splurge if more than one person will eat it.  I had two margaritas ($12.00 each) - both of which were very good and large.  I ordered the shrimp tacos ($16.00) and each taco had 5-6 wonderfully breaded shrimp.  They were excellent!!   My brother in law had the Mahi Mahi tacos ($16.00) and he LOVED them!!   We also order off the kids menu for our toddler - which is often ridiculous of us because she doesn't eat that much - but we did.  The kids menu is very diverse with many options and the serving side was almost like an adult portion.  What she didn't eat, my brother in law finished off - so it didn't go to waste!  All in all this was a great dining experience - and great for families with kids.  We will be returning here the next time we need a quick meal near the Bellagio.
3	Wish I had read the reviews first before dining here...We stopped here for a quick lunch and a drink. Service wasn't bad, though the waiters were all awkwardly sitting at a table near the entrance just talking and waiting around. It was around 11am when we stopped in, so not super busy, but it was weird to have them just all sitting at a table.The food was a bit expensive for what it was. I ended up getting the carne asada tacos -- not anything amazing or memorable. Roberto's Tacos off the strip is a much better choice. The margarita was strong, but also not amazing taste. Our bill for tacos, a salad, 2 margaritas and 2 bloody marys was $100. I'd pass on this place during future visits and try something else.
3	I love some good Mexican food. For me, the more authentic, the better. However, when I know that I'm not stepping into one of those real Mexican spots that are peppered throughout the valley, I re-calibrate my expectations. That said, my brain and tastebuds were set for a good American influenced joint, a nice menu with depth in selection and good quality food to match the higher prices- common for the Strip. That's exactly what I got. I always see a lot of people on their patio, so I was excited to try Cabo Wabo Cantina for myself. The goal was to spend $100 because I had a gift certificate. The waitstaff was cordial and accommodating. Our waiter knew the menu very well and had no problem expounding on what was offered. I milled over the selections and finally ordered the sampler as an appetizer which gave us a selection of 4 or 5 items. It was tasty. Next was the main course. The portions were sizable and it was apparent that we wouldn't be able to finish. I barely made a dent in it! This could be partly due to the particularly weak Margaritas that we ordered in the interim. Although the drinks were the biggest disappointment, it was probably my saving grace because I had work the next day. I still would've liked the choice to be risky or not. For dessert, I ordered the brownie and vanilla ice cream to share. It did the trick in size but I did expect more from the brownie. Lastly, I reached and exceeded my initial spending goal and took advantage of the Yelp Check-In for a free margarita. The entrees we're extremely good and made for good leftovers to warm up the next morning! A-OK!
3	2.5 starsI really wanted to like this bar / restaurant since I'm a Sammy Hagar fan and they have live hard rock music most nights. Great location on the strip in PH. They have a really cool patio where you can look out over the strip and people watch. The patio gets busy so you need to get a spot early or hold onto it once you have it.. They have a mix of live music, karaoke and jam sessions with famous musicians including Sammy when he is in town. Bonus if your lucky enough to be around when this happens. The bands are very loud in the evening so not a place to have a quiet conversation.They specialize in Sammy's own tequila - Cabo Wabo. I'm not a tequila expert by any means but this stuff is strong! You can have it straight up, in a mixed drink or in a frozen drink blend. I switched to Beer after the first tequila, unfortunately they had a limited selection.Food is average. We had the nachos and home made Guac. which was both good and refreshing (lot's of cilantro). The fish tacos were good as was the burrito.  Service was good, we were given a table quickly and received our drinks within minutes. Not sure if we had a new survey on my last visit but they were not overly familiar with the menu details. The server also gave us some recommendations for various bars to visit later in the evening.    Prices were on the higher end for what you get which is why I rated Cabo 2.5 stars. I would go back depending on the live music in the evening but would grab dinner elsewhere before arriving. Stick with drinks and appetizers given all the food options in Vegas.
1	Food was very mediocre and relatively overpriced, and there's a plate-splitting charge. The mango margarita I ordered was strong but not very good. They also sat us by the door leading outside, so every time the waiters came in and out we were struck by a blast of freezing air.
3	Despite the name, a bit expensive and mediocre, but well located on a busy section of the Strip.  Come here so you can sit outside on the large deck, otherwise it's not worth seeking out.Despite the proudly featured margarita ads and the house tequila being top-shelf Cabo Wabo, they had no drink list, and minimally described only 3 tequila-based drinks (which are available frozen, mentioned first).  They seemed much more interested in selling us beer.Tortilla soup was decently spiced, but a little too salty and a little too thick.Service was attentive to a fault (checking in with us every 5ish minutes).The location, however, is quite awesome-- at a major crosswalk, across the street from new Aria, with a view of the booming fountains at Bellagio.  Good for taking in the strip while having a drink, if you sit outside.  They have some gas heaters on the deck for the winter, but this sort doesn't seem to give off much heat.  Doesn't seem like there'd be a view from inside.I've been to the original Cabo Wabo Cantina in Los Cabos, which has better pricing, drink specials, and much much more atmosphere, if much less of a view.
1	Warning: you will get scammed by their frozen drink bartenders. I'm not talking about the strength of the drinks which is also debatable. But what I'm talking about is an annoying pyramid scheme which my friends experienced while here this weekend. We were wandering around the Strip one afternoon when my friends wanted a frozen boozy slushy. Cabo Wabo was closest and decided to wait in line for it, myself included since I can partake in a frozen daiquiri from time to time. The bartender tried to sucker my friends into larger drinks than they wanted, and then poured in an extra shot of rum into their drinks without really getting confirmation. The spiel of the extra shot is that you get to spin a magic wheel with prizes on it--hats, free drinks, the like. The catch, which comes after the bartender pours her extra shot is that there is only one spin per group. I'm gonna throw the bullshit flag there. After my friend won a "Cabo shot" the bartender said "the bigger the tip, the bigger the show" at which point I said point blank to her face, "so basically it's a pyramid scheme so you guys get more money." She looked at my like I was a) right and b) a witch with a "b." This whole experience left me incredibly frustrated as a hostess and makes me dislike management and company policy for something so ridiculous.
3	Only came for drinks but the margaritas were great.  The hostess, Diana, was super friendly and helpful!  Good place to stop in for a drink/dinner while shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops....
2	I had been wanting to try Cabo Wabo because it is Sammy Hagar's Joint (He was the best singer for VH....DLR was a pussy-ass pouseur with a bad weave!). The one in Tahoe looks lame, this one looked closer to the original.I tried the Carne Asada Nachos and my bro had Steak and Shrimp Fajitas. The Nachos were ok, mostly chips and that velveeta-ish type cheese, but the carne asada had good flavor..The Steak and Shrimp Fajitas looked a bit small.The prices were way too high for the amount of food and the quality. Next time, just buy a shirt!
2	When we saw this so close to our hotel we got very excited and couldn't wait to try it.  We were hoping for a memorable meal and some yummy tequila.  The place was mobbed when we arrived for lunch but we were able to sit at a high top inside right away.  We asked the waitress for some recommendations on which tequila to try first and (of course) she suggested the Cabo Wabo.  OK, we both got margeritas. I inquired about gluten free and she brought me a gluten free menu which, to my surprise, was rather small considering a lot of mexican food is gluten free.  I ended up ordering the Shrimp Fajitas.  FAJITAS....as in comes with soft corn tortillas?  NOPE.  My meal came and no tortillas.  I asked and the waitress told that they had gluten in them.  Uh, ok.....shouldn't the menu state they DON'T come with them?  I mean, fajitas are fajitas.  Next order of business was to get some silverware so we could actually eat our meals.  We asked and then waited, and waited and waited.  I finally got up and took silverware off an empty table.  Hubby asked for some hot sauce, which was never delivered either.  Service sucked, flat out.  Our waitress acted as if we were an annoyance to her.  The food was mediocre at best and EXTREMELY overpriced.  I'm sorry Sammy.....I really had high hopes for this place but we will not be back.
5	Having been here a couple of times, I can see where visiting Cabo Wabo at night could be downright annoying. It caters to the dudebros.So why five stars?Breakfast, my friend. It's the most important meal of the day, and Cabo Wabo had a damn good breakfast special. 2 eggs, bacon or sausage, potatoes, and toast usually sells for $9, but on my last trip it was on special for $4.99. Plus add a $4.99 bottomless mimosa special that lasted until 11, and the most important meal of the day gave me a happy happy buzz.Consider that finding breakfast under $15 in a sit-down restaurant on the Strip is becoming difficult, this was a great discovery.
2	NOT REAL MEXICAN FOOD! I wouldve to say that their food here is not real authentic, their services here is horrible! Took me 20 mins just to get the bartenders attention to order my food to go and to top it off it wasnt even busy! Being a restaurant on the strip and in the miracle mile I would really think their service would be top notch.
5	I either tip 15% or 0, but this was a phenomenal experience. Our server Ron was beyond exceptional, to the point that i let the manager know how good he was. He didn't go over the top, just polite, attentive and available!!!!! After checking in through Yelp and discovering we got a "free margarita" ($8 house, not a $13 waborita) the manager went so far as to comp us 2 waboritas!!!!! Now mind you, we dropped $215 between the 7 of us, during a quick lunch, but i was extremely impressed with the quality of service here. Hats of to you Sammy!!!!
1	Over priced Mexican food that's just OK.  The only Mexican restaurant where you pay for chips and salsa.  Service was poor and slow. Our waiter spent most of his time flirting with the women at the next table.  He totally forgot that we existed. When our food finally arrive it was Luke warm and we had to ask the waiter to provide silverware.  Will not be returning to this restaurant.
4	Stopped in at Cabo Wabo for a drink and a snack later in the afternoon this past Sunday. The hostess was at first a bit morose in informing us that it would be a five minute wait for a table, which for my friend and I was hardly depressing news! We were accordingly seated in minutes - at a corner patio table no less - and our server was a dear. Double thumbs up on the excellent chips and guac. The beef quesadilla was also good, albeit small...our server did warn us in advance that it wasn't a hearty plate. I'd be happy to return!
4	The food is standard Tex Mex fare, but the shining aspect of Cabo Wabo is their staff. The wait for a table was close to half an hour, on a weekday, so we sat at the bar. One of the barbacks, Chris(?), was phenomenal. He took care of us from start to finish. The signature margarita was good, but the coconut one was the best. It is similar to a daiquiri. The food teetered on okay to good. The bacon wrapped shrimp was delicious, but it is hard not to love goat cheese stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon and then fried. The rice needs a little work. Not much flavor there. The tuna ceviche is closer to a tartar. It borderlines on the sweet side. The spicy shrimp with garlic chips was one of the better dishes. It had a balance of flavors and not just overtly spice levels.Jason, the GM, came by to talk to us and was very friendly. It is refreshing to see management touch the tables and actually care about the guest's experience. Adam, another manager came around to introduce himself as well. It was a fun service experience. I would like to come back when I have more free time to check out their tequila selection.
3	Food was good TexMex fare.  Margarita was one of the worst I'd ever had.  I was totally dumbfounded that their Margaritas could be so bad. Order a beer and you'll be fine.
5	Service, food and ambience are perfect! Ask for Danny K and he'll take care of you!
4	Husband and I were walking around and saw where they served breakfast 2 eggs, toast, meat, potatoes and unlimited mimosa's for $5.99 and we had to do it, it was only around 9am but why not we were in Vegas I mean. The food was very good and everything was done just right. The mimosa's were served in a beer glass so these were quite big and I had 4 of them, my husband had 3. We had to take a nap afterwards but it was worth it:)
3	Overpriced touristy destination. You're basically paying for the location, not the food. I wouldn't say it was bad or good, just overpriced. When getting the check, the waiter overcharged us for some drinks. He had to go into the back and change it twice after 5 minutes of explaining each time.
3	Went for a quick and easy lunch with my girlfriend where I could be in view of the Bellagio fountains. I had a burrito and it was pretty good, definitely no complaints about the food. The outside area was a little messy and there were birds EVERYWHERE. Not sure what can be done about that, but having to constantly worry about them being down by your feet the whole time was not okay. The service was also a little off, we waited about 7 minutes before anyone took our drink order, also $3 for chips and salsa at a Mexican place? Let's be real. I'd go again, but there's definitely areas for improvement.
1	Overpriced, tasteless food. With all the affordable but tasty food in Vegas..why settle? PF Changs next door is miles in comparison...delicious food with a great happy hour lunch special with dunks and food...don't settle! We ended up here, bc it was the first place we saw, and we were all starving after our flight from NY...never again
2	We went to breakfast here with excitement for the bottomless mimosas. However, the "bottomless" mimosas were only refilled once and that was after having to ask our waitress for another. We were surprised to see low prices compared to virtually every other restaurant in Vegas. But, when the food came- it became clear why. The food was marginal at best.
3	I loved this place! They have super fun frozen drinks and there wasn't much of a wait at all if you are willing to sit inside.I had the Ahi tuna burrito, it was absolutely delicious. I was with four friends and they all really loved their food too. One got shrimp fajitas and it came with a ton of shrimp!! The only reason I am only giving them three stars is because our waiter was AWFUL. He wasn't friendly at all and made us feel like we were inconveniencing him when we asked for anything. I get that most of the people that go in are tourists so they don't need to be friendly to ensure repeat business but a little smile goes a long way.Overall, the food and margaritas are totally worth putting up with the crappy service.
2	Meh. I got the Mexican Chopped Salad and added grilled shrimp for $6...I received FOUR SHRIMP! The salad tasted not very fresh. The best thing about this place is the location and the outdoor seating right on the strip. That's about it.
4	Stopped in for a drink and had some tortilla soup as well, it was really good. Employees were nice and friendly, Would return again.
1	I came here with a group of people while we were in Vegas because I had heard nothing but great things about it. I'm not one to complain BUT our visit was a horrible. First off, our waitress was a bitch. I'm sure she's not always like that (I understand sometimes people have an off day)  but her service was just horrible. I ordered the nachos, they were nachos, lots of cheese, sour cream, guacamole, tomatoes, a bunch of little hairs, and onions. Yes, I said hairs...not only one but a bunch. DISGUSTING! I quickly called over our waitress and asked if I could speak to her manager. (With attitude) she asked me what was wrong and I pointed out the hair to her. When the manager came up to me he seemed shocked that there was hair and repeatedly told me that all his cooks are in hair nets and properly groomed. He then offered me a free drink and asked if I wanted another order of nachos. I said no thank you to the food but I'll take the drink. (The margaritas are gross btw) then as my friends continued to eat their food, my friend finds a hair in her tacos. YES MORE HAIR....by now we're disgusted and just want to leave this place. We will never come back here!
1	Horrible margaritas. Cabo Wabo is not a good tequila, IMHO.Service was OK, food was below average for a Mexican chain. I won't return.
1	We went here last Sunday 4-21-13 the servers were rude. We wanted to sit outside they took our name and we to ask how much longer, we went up to see why it was so taking so long. they sat 6 other people behind us, we finally got a table and they made such a fuss we left, what the hell all we wanted was to eat. They get no stars if I could. We had 2 coors light and a chips and salsa 37.00 dollars. Rediculous. We had to explain to manager and waitress about 7 times.
5	The Busker Kings entertainment was fabulous.  The food was great.  Service was great.  I will return.
4	It was better than I expected. Being a chain type place I wasn't expecting much but the drinks were good, food solid and staff very good.  Also, we sat outside and enjoyed a beautiful sunny day.  The staff was quick to seat us. The waitress was busy but stopped to tell us she would be right back. She got our drinks quickly. Our food was delivered by someone else in a reasonable time and hot.  The food tested good. The guac was great!  Had a waborita which was overpriced at $12 but tasted good. Was very pleasant sitting outside, watching the strip, and seeing all the crazy people. I'll be back for sure!
3	My girlfriend and I had just arrived in Vegas on a Friday a few hours earlier.  First day was for exploring the strip.  We started at our hotel (MGM) and when we got to Planet Hollywood, she just wanted to find some place to relax with a drink and people watch.  We saw cabo wabo, though margaritas would be good, and stopped.This is a good place for what it is - chain restaurant type of Mexican food.  But the location is superb.  We sat on the patio at the railing and had a great view of Bellagio, Caesar's up the block, and the people walking along the strip.  So it's a great place for just that - relaxing on the strip in the sun to people watch.They also have skinny margaritas, and good ones too.  We're both a bit health conscious (though you couldn't tell by the giant nachos we ordered), and try to avoid drowning drinks in sour mix.  It wasn't too pricey for Vegas - $10/margarita, $15 for the nachos - so we got yards of skinny ritas and nachos and had a really nice afternoon.  I wouldn't come here for a nice dinner or anything, but if you want a patio on the strip, this is a good place to come.
4	A rating on Yelp is just an average, and after 300 plus reviews I think 2&1/2 stars is a little harsh.  After Yelp filters some reviews its up to us to decipher  the reviews that are left.  I've noticed several bad reviews recently for Cabo Wabo's & I must say I am surprised.  We arrived on a Thursday night & knew we would probably have to kill some time drinking while we waited for a seat, tough life I know.  We were pleasantly surprised when we were sat immediately at the outdoor bar over looking the strip with a clear view of the fountains shooting off across the street @ Bellagio.  When the wind blew just right we could feel  the mist from the fountains, which felt so good in the dry Vegas heat.  Cabo Wabo's was crazy packed but the bar back grabbed us some menus & took initiative getting us our first round of drinks (frozen margaritas & red bull vodkas) while we waited for our server to machete her way threw the weeds she was knee deep in.  It was a gorgeous night to catch up with my Pops & his wife who live here in Las Vegas & we could not have had a better time.   I can't stress enough how if you go into a restaurant with a chip on your shoulder anticipating bad service your gonna have a shitty experience.  You live in and or you are visiting a great city to party and have fun.   Raise your glass, have a drink, do a shot.... and chill out!  I thought the the food came out in a reasonable time and had no complaints with my service.   The guacamole & chips were money, the chicken chimichangas were as good as it gets (especially after kicking back several margaritas).   I thought my fish tacos with beans & rice were the bomb & devoured every bite.   I was so happy I got my dad to to eat some Mexican fare that night it could not have gotten any better.  This was one bill I had no problem picking up & we will be back on our next visit to Las Vegas.I know the reviews are mixed but I would roll the dice & check it out!
2	Music way too loud, had to yell at my server and my friend sitting right next to me, but food was amazing. People watching is always fun too, sat in the outside patio overlooking bellagio fountains and lots of people walking on the street. Very high traffic spot. In the middle of all the action. Margaritas were watered down.. Overall not bad, but far from an intimate setting.  This atmosphere reminded me of a club.
4	Just back from Vegas and wanted to say how much my boyfriend and I enjoyed Cabo Wabo. Service was great (thanks Sara!), loved the patio right on the strip, and the food was awesome.  Boyfriend had the Cobb salad and I had El-Green-go Burrito. Both yummy. I recommend the flight of Cabo Wabo tequila if you want to try them all.  A really good value.
5	I'm surprised at the low reviews because this was actually one of the best places we ate at in Vegas in terms of food, price, and service. Our server, Dione, was friendly and fast. Fast service is almost impossible to find on The Strip, so that deserves more credit than maybe it does in other parts of the country. It's also worth noting that the manager came around to check on us, too, which is a nice touch to make sure we were taken care of. The food was better than expected, and the prices are pretty reasonable when compared to the other restaurants in the area. Some of the folks on here complain about the music being too loud, which is funny because I commented while we were eating the volume was perfect for enjoying the music while still being able to hold a conversation. Personally, I think it's a bit silly to complain about music volume when "cantina" is in the name and you can hear the music as you're walking in.
1	Food was decent but the service was amazing horrible. I've never experienced such poor service. The drinks we ordered when we say down didn't come until after our food. The appetizer we ordered as a "starter" also came after our meals. It was cold, we had to send it back to the microwave! The manager was a total bitch about everything, she shouldn't be a manager. Most likely will not return. It's a shame, the food really was decent.
2	Location is awesome for people watching if you sit along the elevated glass railing overlooking the strip. My wife and I sat outside but near the inside of the restaurant. I was not impressed with the food but the location was amazing. The food was just ok I thought by the restaurant sitting on the sidewalk on the strip in front of the Miracle Mall I expected more. I did like the mist sprays to cool the air.
4	Food was ok but to have a frontview seat of the strip in all its glory, right across from the Bellagio water show, while watching all the drunk misfits on Vegas Blvd all while sipping a margarita, this is your spot.
2	We wanted to visit this restaurant because Sammy's "Cabo Wabo" tequila was a sponsor for a stunt plane we loved seeing at the airshows and we are loyal to folks who sponsor the sport we love. So while we were at CinemaCon this year we stopped in for dinner. We were very disappointed. I would have given it 3 stars for food. 1 star for service. To start with it was not busy, We were seated under a heat lamp on a rather warm night and had to move, I felt like I was getting a sun burn. Unfortunately no one came to check on us for some time. We almost walked out but right then we found a table not under a heat lamp and the bus boy helped us move to that table. Finally we met our waitress, she was very rude right off the bat. "what do you want to drink?", I told her I was hoping to see a drink menu. I was informed they were out. "If you come back next week you can see one." Yes she really said that. WOW! So I just got a boring margarita. Turns out it tasted like almost every other margarita I ever had. I had been feeling festive and wanted to try something new but oh well.  At this point we changed our plans and decided just to have our first drink and finish our dinner and find someplace else to have a few fun drinks and desert. Too bad because we had permission to use the company credit card for a night out. Cabo Wabo could have made more than a few bucks off of us sucker tourists. Haha. Well, When the waitress would condescend to stop by, she never once smiled. Made me feel like we were bothering her by coming in. Food was pretty good. I was just shocked at the attitude of the waitstaff we encountered. Also on a side note, I slipped on spilled ice when going to the restroom (womans restroom was a mess). The employees did not even help me up, a couple customers did. Luckily I was not hurt just turns out high heels and ice dont mix well, but the girl working inside, who was about 20 feet away when I fell,  could have asked me if I was okay nor did anyone seem concerned there was ice on the floor.If I had to sum up our visit in one word: BUMMER
1	I cannot say this clearly enough, DO NOT GO! We wasted $86 on this place. Took over 20 minutes to just get our chips and salsa. Chicken Fajitas and Pork Carnitas were bland and tasteless. We ordered a pitcher of margaritas, I am a lightweight, I had almost 3 glasses and never felt a thing. My husband used to bartend and seriously doubted ANY tequila was in there, the overwhelming flavor was sweet and sour. No dissing the waitress as she attempted her best with no help from front door staff or bus staff. Yes it was a busy Saturday night but did they not expect that? C'mon already it's the strip! The only part that made us feel any better was the view of the Bellagio water show. Come sit at the bar overlooking it and have water!
2	After strolling through the streets of Vegas, a common sight were people drinking "adult slushies." At first i thought that these were virgin, until i continued to see empty beer and wine bottles everywhere.  I had to finally ask someone, "can you drink on the streets here" and they were like "yes."  I was amazed,  and then it all made sense.  Seeing all of this, i started to crave a margarita badly.  After passing Cabo Wabo a few times, i thought that this would be an appropriate place to quench my thirst.  There was a slight wait to get into the cantina, but the outdoor elevated patio was worth the wait.  Upon being seated our server told us that they were out of menus, so we just asked for a margarita and a mojito.  We started with some chips and salsa.  The salsa had a really smokey background, but not that much flavour.  Shortly after our drinks came, after taking one sip, we both realized that these were very water downed drinks.  We were both very unsatisfied with the drinks, mine literally tasted like just a lime slushie, no alcohol.  We basically just wrote off the night as a poor restaurant pick, but then our bill came.  My drink was $10 and my sisters was $14, i have never felt so ripped off.  I think that is why Cabo currently has a low Yelp rating, because people are feeling ripped off. Overall, i would not come back here, because i believe it is a tourist trap.  They are banking on the one time diner, versus the returning diner.
3	I've been to Cabo Wabo twice & have enjoyed it both times. Is it overpriced? Yes, because it is mid-strip in a great location. The food is Tex-Mex & far from authentic, which is what I like about it. I'm more of a ground beef & cheese taco American taco girl than I am an onion & cilantro street taco girl. I think Cabo Wabo is more for the American taco lover. I had the chicken & carnitas fajitas, & they were good. The server was also good.  I was not disappointed. If you want a big bowl of cheese dip & a boisterous atmosphere, go here. If you want a glass of wine & a Porterhouse, keep on looking.
3	Decent food. Our waiter was very friendly. Initially they brought out all of our food very cold but apologized profusely and rushed to bring us out new (hot) orders.
3	A small group of us came here on 5/17/13. We went here for breakfast and among the 5 of us we had everything from Huevos Rancheros, Chilaquiles,Micheladas, Pancakes, Los Huevos de Nacho and I had the Cabo Special Breakfast Platter. I tasted a bit of everyone's dish, (I was the belated celebrated birthday girl,) so I was taking advantage of my moment. All the dishes were tasty. The micheladas were decent. The bacon was perfectly crunchy. The pancakes were fluffy. The coffee was average. I really liked the potatoes in my dish, but the meat was NOT asada and I had asked for it well-done and got tough charcoal. Overall, for our first visit here, it was a good experience. Our server was really friendly, and attentive and went along with all our goofiness and antics. I give it three stars because it was just our first visit and I have not tasted anything from their lunch and dinner menus. but would return.
1	YOU'LL BE SORRY IF YOU DINE HERE.I ended up at this beer joint because I was herded into it by a group of friends, who were starving and just wanted to sit down and eat.THE FOOD: Is commercial at best and expensive. A better dinning experience can be had by buying a Swanson Mexican TV dinner and taking it to your room. To make things worse, the service was slow. The waitress acted bothered when someone from the party made a request.THE BILL: They added an 18% gratuity and some other mystery charge( check your receipt for it)  When my friend confronted the waitress about this other fee, she was told that all places in Vegas charge this fee. Well, we ate at many other restaurants and never saw that added charge anywhere; CROOKS.Lastly, when we paid our bill, in cash, the waitress never brought our change? When my friend asked where our change was she said, "We always keep the change." LOL! AS IF! We made her give us our change back. She reached into her apron pocket, grabbed an uncounted amount of coins and said, "Here." (the rest of that was, "Now go away!")Go to Mon Ami Gabi, if you want superior food and a classy (ambiance/clientele), dining experience; it is only down the street, in front of The Paris hotel, and less expensive!
4	Great food, fast service and awesome margaritas on the patio made for a great lunch!
4	Good food & great rock & roll music.   Fun place.
5	Just returned from Vegas and had a great time at Cabo Wabo Cantina. Service was excellent. Danny was a terrific server. The manager of the restaurant came by to say hello as well. The food was also very tasty! I would recommend this restaurant if you are in the mood for a casual atmosphere, good drinks and great food.
5	Just returned from Vegas and this place helped make our night (6/21/13) on the strip a blast!  We were celebrating 10 years married with our wedding party and Danny the server was awesome!  I actually contemplated even going as I read some the reviews but must tell you, it was awesome.  The casual atmosphere, the drinks and food were excellent.  Dara, the manager, came over to assure we were taken care of.  This place helped our group of people continue to have a great night!  Thanks Danny and Dara!.
5	Been here a few times. Always great bar tending if you sit on the patio bar. Each time I've been there we were taking care of quite well. Food is priced pretty cheap for Vegas and was great.
1	Well, im a mexican chick and im a sucker for mexican food so i decided to give this place a try. It was a thursday, and yes it was crowded for dinner. The Atmosphere looks so cool, and the music if you're a latino its just awesome. It can get a little bit too load in the evening and sometimes it bothers if you're eating and want to talk to your friends.I order the carne asada, my sister the tamal with beans and rice and my mothersome shrimp tacos. This was the worst mexican food i have ever tried in my wholelife. It tasted like microwave american mexican food.You know it had "that flavor"that superficial flavor you get when you buy frozen microwave food. Even TacoBell its way better than this place,and hell yeah,i hate taco bell.I asked the waitress to call the manager. I told the manager i didn't like the food at all. The whole 3 dishes tasted terrible,and i even told him this wasn't legitimatemexican food,and guess what he said: This is Texas Food not mexican. This restaurant its from Texas.....Omg! This its the most ignorant manager ever. CaboWabo its named from Cabo San Lucas, Baja California. Not Texas,Come on people,read a little....I had to donate $80 dlls for food i didn't eat, plus $20 dlls for some pictures they took. I bought them because we looked nice....
2	I had the shrimp tacos, my niece had the El Green-Go Burrito. They charge for chips and salsa... and for me anyone who charges for chips and salsa is lame. I'm from houston and we have the best mexican/texmex food around, so as far as the food goes its just 2 stars for me.The shrimp tacos were good, but just ok. same with the rice and beans. I've had better. Too many other great food places in vegas to spend money here. My niece said her food was good, but also mediocre. probably wouldn't be a repeat for me. The staff was very nice. that was probably the best part of the experience. That is all. :)
2	So mediocre. I only went for the free margarita deal.
1	The food is horrible. Not authentic at all. It was so gross I took one bite of my over cheesed food. Yuck. Only thing good was the chips and guacamole which we had to pay for. The salsa is disgusting and overly salted ewww :( never again
4	A big rock star owns this place, I forget who, my friend knows.  The biggest draw of this place is that you can eat while you look out on the strip, so the view is fantastic.  That makes this really worth it.  Food is also good.  I recommend a salad (forget which it was but it was chopped and had avocado...) and drinks of course aren't bad at all.  It's a great stop off before going to a show in planet hollywood other nearby casinos.
5	Katherine's margaritas are incredible!!  Best bartender ever.
4	Tuna ceviche so tasty. Burrito insanely drenched in mountains of cheese. Fast drink service and fun loud atmosphere. I'll be back.
1	Food was edible but tiny portions for such high prices. My sister and i arrived our server was friendly at first we started with a pitcher of beer and then a couple appetizers an order of guacamole, the shrimp ceviche and the carne asada quesadilla. When we only ordered appetizers our server seemed a little annoyed. The guac was tasty while i only took a bite of my quesadilla since it was oozing grease and my sis liked the ceviche but it looked so different from most ceviche. Now back to the server i wanted to split the cost down the middle i used a card my sister used cash, i wanted to leave the tip on my card so he comes back and asked if we needed the change i said yes and he became such a sourpuss! He handed us $10 cash back assuming since we asked for change we were going to leave him a crappy tip.  I was shocked at his blatant annoyance, i still tipped him 17% even though we were super easy and laid back, what a jerk! One place I won't return.
3	Food was pretty good.  My wife's margarita was too sweet for me (it was the coconut one).  My margarita was very good (not really worth the cost, but this is a touristy place).  Got the tequila "flight" which was 3-shots, one of each style of tequila and it was very good and a pretty good price for 3 shots of alcohol.  I probably don't need to return, but it's worth a first-time visit.
5	Salsa and Chips are HUGE....Great location, great waiter and seating staff and very good food.  I am not Mexican but I eat Mexican food almost every week.  The food was very good, cost effective, and the location is right in the middle of everything. Stop here and get a drink and an appetizer.  We did this the night before I left but we should have went here sooner......
2	So disappointing. In Vegas for a convention and noticed the Yelp deal for a free margarita with check in so my coworker and I planned our night around Cabo Wabo for dinner. Let me tell you - the Yelp deal is SO NOT WORTH IT.  The on the house yelp Margarita was way way way way too sweet.  It was like a bunch of sugar with a tiny splash of lime and tequila.  I would have rather dined at another place than wasting my time.  My carne asade tacos themselves were good, but the rice and beans were cold.  Like they were just sitting in the back in a silver bin waiting to be served to the next victim. Lastly, the server seemed attentive but really wasn't.  After asking him - TWICE - for some hot sauce for me meal he then questioned why I would need it and asked wasn't the salsa on the tacos hot enough?Thanks yelp for the incentive but next time I'll definitely pass.
3	Cabo Wabo averages 2.5 stars so let's face it I didn't choose it for the menu or service. This place does have a few great things going for it- they took our reservation of 14 (tough to find on the strip without a set menu), there is a beautiful patio located in the middle of the strip (with a view of the Bellagio fountains), it's a fun atmosphere with music, and the price point is low. Sold!So why only 3 stars? We should have been assigned our own server with a group our size, but we weren't. It took forever to get chips/salsa (which they charge for!), I got my drink after my meal though I ordered it long before, and a couple of the orders were wrong. I asked for no onions or sour cream on my tostada and it had both. Also, one of the girl's tostadas was missing the tostada (no tortillas)! Not sure who else's order was screwed up.The food was actually really good, no complaints there. But my big complaint was when the checks came (we had 7 checks) I left to go deal with our transportation at this point... I got back 20 minutes later and checks were still sitting there with our cash/credit cards. As you can imagine our hummer limo waited for an extra 30 minutes for us and I paid about $40 more because of it. Not happy with the service here at Cabo Wabo.
1	Bought two $16 slushie drinks, no alcohol in themGo to Fat Tuesday's instead
3	After arriving in Vegas off of an early morning flight, we wanted to find a place to grab some quick lunch and where we could enjoy the beautifully hot and sunny weather.  We headed out from our hotel, Aria, and Cabo Wabo's patio fit the bill.  The second floor patio provided nice views of the Bellagio lake,and the misters under the umbrellas were an added bonus!We started with some guacamole and queso which came with two huge baskets of corn chips.  The guacamole was ok, the cheese was really runny, and the chips were in tiny pieces which make dipping a challenge.For mains, between us we had the Baja fish tacos, the jalapeno chicken, and the southwest cobb salad.  The chicken was a bit overcooked and dry, but the overall flavour was good and spicy.  The fish tacos featured grilled fish which was also a bit try, and they definitely weren't the best I'd ever had.  The salad looked great, and was a huge portion.There definitely wasn't any food that would be worth returning for.  The prices were a bit expensive for what we got, particularly the $15 banana mama drink that was not that tasty.  The waiter was attentive, but was well versed in upselling, however not in a pushy way.I wouldn't return, there are other restaurants in Vegas with equally decent patios that I would try first.
3	The band was amazing! Great cover songs and crowd interaction.The queso was mediocre (and you have to pay for chips and salsa).The portobello mushroom fajitas were fantastic!Cocaritas had a great taste, but lacking in booze.The service was decent for a busy night and the food came out FAST! Like, not even time to go wash my hands fast.Shout out to Danny for being a great server and fixing our order after I had made a mistake!Extra shout out to the hostess who when being asked, "What's the difference between here and Las Salsas?" said, "This place is better and Las Salsas kind of sucks." (We walked by there on the way out and are very thankful for your advice!)These are all things that should have at least guaranteed 4 stars, however, the margaritas were incredibly weak. I'm a light weight and did not feel anything! When paying $42 for a pitcher, I shouldn't be able to taste the sweet n sour mix over the tequila!
2	House margarita is served up.. which would be ok if they actually shook it to ice cold.. service slow and questionable. Food was ok, view from patio was great people watching.
1	My husband and I went here the day after our wedding and it was super busy for lunch. The service was terrible. Also this place gave my husband food poisoning and he spent the rest of our honeymoon in the bathroom and ruined our trip. He ordered the chicken tacos. I tell everyone that goes to vegas to avoid this place at all costs.
2	The food was terrible do not eat at this restaurant. When the sever asked how our food was, I had to tell her It was not good at all. She looked at me and nodded as if to say I know. Go for drinks that's all.
1	After being seated, waited over 15 minutes for service so gave up and left.
3	This was a nice little pit stop for us on our way down the strip. We knew we had dinner reservations in an hour, but we were starving and stopped in for a drink and some chips and salsa. Yes, that's all we wanted...but let me tell you, the salsa was freaking delightful. The waiter was pretty nice, especially considering we were only ordering chips and salsa for food! They have great drinks, prices are decent, (I mean you are in Vegas), and again the service was pretty good too. We would for sure stop in again :)
4	Happy hour!  After checking into our hotel we had already planned that this would be our first stop and we needed a drink!  Wanted to check out the place, and to get our Vegas on!  The Hubs and I both had a Margarita and we quickly decided to try the Happy hour Nachos and Tequitos. Both were really good and my picky husband commented on how good the beef was on the nachos. A little spendy for 2 Tequitos (even though they were big) Fun place!
1	Don't come here. Our service was terrible.  My drink came AFTER my food and both were ordered at the same time. My friends food (quesadilla) was only 2 tiny triangles. Food is over priced. Not worth a penny. Vegas is full of good food. Save yourself the experience and go somewhere else!
4	Decent chips and salsa, but I go for the view. The rail seats are some of the best for people watching the tourists and seeing the Bellagio fountain.
4	I'm sticking with a solid four stars for Cabo Wabo after my second visit! I hesitate to say the service was lacking, as our waitress was a total sweetheart. I'm more inclined to say that there is a bit of a timing issue with the food/drink preparation as we had some lengthy waits for drinks and for chips (after getting our guacamole). I can overlook service hiccups at Cabo because the food is DELICIOUS. The chips, salsa, and guacamole alone make this place worth a stop. I also can say only good things about my chicken enchiladas, as can my friend regarding her carne asada tacos. The rice side here is special as it's not just red slop...almost more like a paella sans proteins! Of note, my Mango Picante margarita was not particularly strong, but it was pretty and tasty.
4	Super fast service and our waitress was fun and perky.  The food was tasty, but nothing to write home about.  I'd for sure go back as the atmosphere was fun and exciting, definitely a great way to start of the Vegas vacation!
1	had breakfast there. thought it was better than sitting in dusk inside. terrible eggs, artificial orange juice. expensive
5	Great location right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. Service was super friendly and the food was yummy. Large portion sizes and reasonable prices considering the prime location.I'd definitely eat here again.
5	JR Rocks!!! His recommendations on food were awesome! He was a little apprehensive on making a "Liquid Marijuana Shot" but we convinced him it would be worth it! His execution was flawless!!!
2	Great view overlooking the Bellagio fountains if sitting outside. chips and salsa were good. Carnitas platter was decent but nothing special.  the beans were tasty but rice was not impressive at all.  Maybe the food would have tasted better or been more impressive if I was a drinker, but I am not. If your looking for good Mexican food on the strip this is not it.  Keep walking.
4	My wife and I had a groupon for lunch here and it was fantastic. They had great music playing and the food was great. If you are expecting authentic Mexican food here you are an idiot. It is a tex-mex place and their fajitas are great. My only complaint was our waiter brought our food and bill, that is all. He didn't come by at all besides that.
3	This place gets a bad rap. You have to take it for what it is. A Mexican food chain. It's not going to be authentic. It's going to be average. Get a drink, it'll taste better. Our food was good. My husband and I got the fajitas for two. Enough to fill both of us up. Server was hardly seen and it took 10 minutes just to get drinks, and that was from another server who saw that we had been waiting for another while. Also, they leave the doors open to outside. There was a serious breeze coming through which made it pretty cold. I would have much preferred to sit outside with a heater than inside with the cold! Also, if your bill comes to $24.11 and you give them $25 they will automatically keep the change. Our bill came to $6.11 after our groupon and gave $10. We only got the bills back. Not cool.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to stop by while in Vegas, and although he wasn't too crazy about the place, I absolutely loved their tacos. Not to mention their bread pudding is the BEST! I must admit the service was a bit slow, it was very crowded and they didn't have enough people. But oooh well, the food def. made-up for it! Will def. be stopping by again the next time I'm in town.
5	Free margarita with check-in! Crispy shrimp tacos delicious for a touristy place. Our server Christine was awesome super friendly and fast.
5	Food is simply amazing. Ive eaten here several times and it is my favorite place anywhere in the country hands down. Last visit was yesterday and I had the short rib enchiladas and my wife had the beef fajitas. Mine was out of this world. The wife's looked every bit as good as it tasted. The beef was tender and very flavorful. It's more like a tex mex I'd say. How people rate it so poorly I don't know. Service was awesome. Make sure to try the salsa. It's out of the world good. Sammy hagar nailed it here!
5	Amazing experience. Enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere. If you want amazing food overlooking the great backdrop of beautiful Vegas hotels, CABO is the place.The chips and salsa are a must. The quesadilla was so delicious and yummy. The carne asada tacos are so good.Our waiter, Danny, was amazing, made our experience first time being at the place amazing with no hiccups or any problems. Kudos!!!!Definite stop if your ever in the Las Vegas strip.
5	Our server Laura was Great very attentive and very knowledgeable of the Menu. The ahi tuna civiche was excellent suggested by Laura also Lou the manager was a real cool dude. Thanks for the service will c u soon
2	We had tortilla soup, chicken tostada salad and for appetizer - chicken tostitos.We got 3 chicken tostitos for the two of us. Her tortilla soup was nothing great and my chicken tostada salad was just average. All this for $45. Expensive wanna be authentic mexican dining place.
5	Lyden is best
4	Our first night in Vegas and we needed somewhere to eat that wasn't too far from our hotel. We were seated outside immediately and each ordered a drink. It was a cold night so we were glad they had heaters nearby. There was live rock music that night so we basically got dinner and a show! I ordered the green veggie burrito and my husband ordered the Asada tacos. He was very happy with his tacos but wished there was a larger portion. What he got was only fit for an appetizer! Our bill came out to be a bit pricier than we anticipated but I am sure that it being in the strip in a Vegas is going to drive up the cost. Service was good and the music was entertaining so we can't complain much!
4	I don't really know why this place has so many poor reviews.  My friends and I ate lunch here and we thought the food, drinks and the service were all pretty good.  I'd definitely eat here again if staying near the city center area on the strip.
5	we had a groupon, so decided to give it a try.  I had the cheese crusted quesadilla and my bf had a chicken burrito.  He said his burrito was pretty good, I was quiet impressed with my order, being an appetizer, it wasn't much, but it was big on flavor! Our server, ( I can kick myself for not remembering his name) was awesome!  He wasn't even supposed to be our server.  He came over after noticing our table was wobbly and he fixed it.  Then he told us he didn't know where our server was but he had waters on the way.  He earned his tip right then and there.  He continued to take fantastic care of us.  When our entree was delivered, it was delivered by someone else (our intended server)?  Who knows, but this kid settled our bill and we left him a nice tip.  Hopefully he got to keep it and didn't have to share it.
2	The great: atmosphere, serviceThe not so great: food and drinks are hit n miss and can be an expensive disappointment.
3	The place was dead at 11pm last night so we assumed this is a daytime place?The waitress was attentive but we had to track her down at the end to get our bill.The nachos with chicken were good with a delicious Queso sauce. (about $14)We also got the Taquitos which were okay. The weekly special was a $7.50 Fireball shot but I got the Key Lime Pie martini was too milky, strong, and sweet.Overall, this is a good place to get a quick bite and drink if there is no wait.
5	Okee Dokee, This Sammy Haggar inspired cantina has a Gluten free menu. What a great day for the anti gluten folks.  Thanks Sammy and the Corporation behind the Cabo Wabo Cantina Franchise. Good selection and prices with a Groupon.
2	I was not impress with the food at Cabo Wabo Cantina Las Vegas . I went there with my friend, because we were super hungry and we were craving Mexican food. The portions are small and they are very, very pricy. We spend over $60 for 2 plates. Our waiter was nice, but still it wasn't worth it. I can get the same meal for $20 some where else.
3	Food's good but not worth the price; extremely overpriced. You're actually paying for real estate because it does have an amazing view of bellagio. I think it's dumb to charge for tortilla chips; most Mexican restaurants doesn't charge for them.I did like my margarita though, cabo wabo tequila is actually pretty good.
4	When on vacation or close to home we all have our "go to" bars and restaurants we favor most of all to sit and enjoy some time. I found this place for my stay in Las Vegas, on the strip at Cabo Wabo Cantina. Upon arrival, what better way to gear up for a week in sunny Las Vegas that enjoying some great music, in perfect view of the southern portion of the strip, with a Margarita on the rocks with a salted rim. The outside music is played through some really nice sounding, full range sounding speakers and the genre is mainly that of classic rock. Two Margaritas with a caddie and I was off, knowing I would soon return.Unlike more hostesses at many dining establishments on the strip, I had come to the unfortunate realization that most are disinterested or too busy gabbing with a coworker. Addressing the party properly and getting them seated promptly in the dining area seems to play second fiddle, these girls did just that.The three juice Mojito which is not on the menu, but a quickly thought concoction of pineapple, strawberry and something, the juice was a puree I thought to try something different.Straight forward menu of traditional Mexican dishes, nothing too dangerous or risky. The Carnitas platter once served looked like a skimpy little nothing plate for one, once we began to dig in the pork showed its density. Seven hand rolled flour tacos later and two people were nicely filled,  if you add in the chips. No up charge for a few additional tortillas. The Macho Salsa will really clear your sinuses as it was the hottest item I had all week and I order everything hot. Great service by our server Ron, who kept the drinks coming and did whatever it took to make our wisit to Cabo Wabo an above average dinner experience, he deserves special mention.
3	* Welcome Experience- OrdinaryNothing to report here...* Establishment- EncouragingInteresting decor, especially if you are in to Sammy Hagar and all the trappings.  Big, loud, Vegas.  * Service- Outstanding Alexis was really good!  She was personable and attentive and showed up at all the right times.  Someone who came to clear the table accidentally knocked a glass of ice water in one of my party's plate.  He promptly apologized and sent a manager.  Without question the manager removed the entree from the bill and offered an alternative.  (To go even!)  The leadership definitely emphasizes service.  Bravo!* Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation- DiscouragingKeep your expectations LOW - it's CABO WABO.  I mean, any place that has MEXIYAKI on the menu had to be appetizer and beer fare.  It was.  The $32 New York strip I ordered was smothered in dark sauce to hide the poor quality, and was way past med rare, and tough as can be.  It was good party food, not a dining experience - (keep your expectations low!)* What I'll rememberAlexis genuinely cared!What I can't wait to forgetThe gristle I had to cut out from my $32 New York strip.
4	The margaritas (on the rocks) are excellent! Their coconut margarita is fabulous! The atmosphere is great and they play good (classic rock) music. The food is just okay but then again, I'm not a fan of Tex-mex anyway! If you are looking for a place to relax with friends and have a few tasty margaritas, this is the place to come! Oh, as far as the service, I only delt With the bartenders and they were fine.
4	Note:  we were under the influence during this meal!Chicken fajitas were well flavored and juicy.  The portion size was pretty large.  Gotta love homemade tortillas (at least they looked homemade).  We also ordered queso.  It had a unique taste that at first I wasn't sure of, but it grew on me over time.  The salsa was a highlight of the meal with a smoky flavor.
4	This is a really great beer stop on the strip. Specials on buckets of beer and chill spot to hang with friends. Great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain. The only down side is service is kinda slow and you might have to hunt them down.
3	Stopped in here just for some drinks and apps as we'd already had dinner.  I had the Cabo Flight (3 sample tequila shots) and the Ahi Tuna Ceviche.  Service was prompt, good rock music (lotta Hagar of course).  No complaints.
3	Stayed outside by the Strip and people-watched. Guessing where everyone is from and if it's their first  right time in Vegas is relaxing and entertaining somehow. Had a few drinks right under the heater, it was pretty chilly outside. They have different options for food, Mexican style mostly, nice loud music and all kinds of characters. Great spot to watch the Bellagio water show.
3	My husband and I visit Vegas often. This is our go to place for happy hour/reasonably priced Mexican food. You have the option to sit indoors or outdoors. We always sit outdoors which allows you to do some people watching and look around the heart of the strip. We order the Chicken Fajitas which are pretty delicious. We also checked in to get a free Margarita. What I don't like is that they now charge for chips and salsa which they never did before.  It also does take a long time for the waiters to attend to you.
5	Cabo Wabo for breakfast. The breakfast special is a great deal and well worth it. The Mexican Omlette is delicious. The Breakfast Burrito is great. The Bloody Mary was ok not the best not the worst.  The Mimosa was good. The frozen margarita was good. The service was exceptional.
3	The margaritas here are about the best I've ever had.  Ice is blended so smooth it was like a fine slush.  Mix and flavor were perfect too.  On the other hand, the food was extremely disappointing.  Had the chicken fajitas and they were not very good. Chicken was good, but everything else lacked flavor.  I've had much better Mexican food at chain restaurants.  I would go back for the margaritas, but I would,eat elsewhere.
3	My Girlfriend and I came here for a quick lunch while wandering around the strip. they have a fairly large and crowded patio that might offer some good views so long as you don't get stuck in the corner by the server station. The food was mediocre at best by my Phoenix standard for Mexican food. The service was a little slow as well.As far as reasonable eats go on the strip you could probably do better but not without waiting.
1	Very bad, rude and bitchy service. My cousin and I baught drinks while on our way out and our server at the bar was just so rude! She's fortunate I don't remember her name but I think she was one of the supervisors (because she was telling people what to do and ppl came to her for things) and she was not pleasant. The way she talked to us was just bitchy! I do t know how else to explain it.Las Vegas is one of the most popular vacation cities and you need to work on your customer service because you never know who's gonna write about you on Yelp!
4	My husband and I had lunch at Cabo Wabo when we got tired of wandering around The Strip. The outdoor seating in the sunshine was definitely a huge draw. Still a bit chilly in the shade, but they had heat lamps. Bonus: there was a decent view of the Bellagio fountains. It may be a Mexican food chain, but I thought the food was fine. The service was great too. Friendly and attentive. Even though there were vegetarian options on the menu, we stuck to appetizers. The salsa had a smoky flavor, and the guacamole was good. We also shared a cheese crisp, which was similar to a cheese quesadilla. Overall, not the cheapest spot for food and drinks, but it is Vegas after all.
4	sitting out on the patio on the vegas strip with a margarita and some nachos...little bit of heaven!  Nachos were big though...plenty to take back to the hotel for a midnight snack!
1	Beware of Mafia Charge!!!  The food was ok, but overpriced.  The service was awful. At the end we had an extra charge on our bill of $5.86When we asked the waitress what this was, she laughed and said it was the mafia charge.  According to her all restaurants in the miracle mile shops charge this extra fee.
2	Terrible, horrible, awful service. The servers were nice enough, but they were so incompetently slow that had I not been with classy people I wanted to impress, I'd have thrown a full-blown fit.We sat down for a "quick" breakfast three hours before our car to the airport was scheduled to pick us up. The place was dead, and we figured we'd get in and out with time left to throw the last of our self-respect desperately into a slot machine. Heavens, were we horribly wrong. This gorram breakfast took 2.5 hours due to (1) the awful waitresses who kept disappearing for half-hours at a time and (2) the sssuuupppeeerrr ssssllloooowww kitchen. We never, ever got drink refills because the waitresses never bothered to come check on us. We had to ask for our check. We almost ate our arms off waiting for our food. The food, when it did arrive, was ok and it was cheap, so the place won't get one start on those merits.
4	Excellent service, good food and outdoor seating where you can watch the bellagio fountains.  Band was excellent too!
2	Terrible service and way too loud music. Waited for refills way longer than I should have. Waitress wasn't polite. The good news is that I got a free drink when I checked in on yelp:)
5	I just went there for the Super Bowl party and I was really impressed with the service and the food!  The wings were delicious and the servers came by very often!  It was generally just a really fun event!
5	Great food and an awesome waitress. Trish took care of us and made it a fun dinner. The margaritas were definitely a good call!
3	I had the Sammy shrimp and it was good. sit outside closest to the strip under a heat lamp and watch the craziness while you eat. Great entertainment.
2	If you gona eat Mexican food on the strip. Eat at Diablos at Monte Carlo. More reasonable
4	I really didn't want to like this place.  I guess it was an anti white-guy-owning-tequila-company thing.  BUT it's pretty good and good on him I guess. Wife and I stopped in to get a quick bite/drink before seeing a show. We shared the queso dip and chips, dos ceviches, and mexican tossed salad. Queso dip - ok. Dos ceviches - amazing. Some shrimp ceviche and some chipotle tuna tartar. It was REALLY good. Like enough to tell people about and "go back for" good. The salad - surprisingly good. Very simply dressed, cilantro and corn included. Very good. Overall, pretty good. Even better if you can get a seat out on the patio for some people watching.
5	fun atmosphere, great patio view, and the manager steve is a babe.
1	This review is based on the sleazy tactics used by the waiter. We had a few hours before catching our flight home. We wanted an outdoor venue. They do have a nice location right on the strip but slightly elevated. I looked at the menu and order the Shrimp Taco's. The waiter decided that I would like the Sammy Shrimp better. When he brought it out, I asked him where my taco's were. He said, "I thought you might like this better."Everyone else had their food and we had a flight to catch so I said "whatever". It wasn't that good but it was food. When I got the bill, he charged me for Shrimp and not the tacos. The Shrimp is the most expensive plate on the menu. I said no way, I didn't order that. I said bill me for what I ordered. He went to check with the manager and came back and said she said no. He then trys to play the guilt trip on me by saying he will take it out of his own pocket. That may work on some people. I said I will talk to the manager. He stopped me and said he would ask again. He came back and offered to take $5 off. I know this is a scam that they use to increase average bill. They may even get bonuses for selling the most expensive items. Sad.
5	BEST Coconut/Pineapple Margarita, Table side Guacamole, & Lobster Enchiladas I've EVER had!! Amazing meal & fun to sit on the strip & people watch...
1	Generally I won't write reviews for meh meals, and Cabo Wabo certainly qualified.  However they just added a new policy that earns them 1 yelp star, hidden pricing, yea deception.  They charge you a hidden "CNF" fee, which is nothing but bull.  If you want to charge more for you food, fine, go ahead and post it on the menu, don't try and hide it with some lame hidden fee.  Cabo Wabo deserves a full boycot for this sleezy tactic.  I will never patronize any establishment that uses hidden fees, and tell others to do the same.  Makes no sense, this is nothing but a another management fail.
2	The front desk girl took our name and said it would be 10 mins, she suggested we wait at the bar. 45 minutes later and 4 margaraitas later, we noticed so many more people were being seated. As I walked up to her to see what the deal was, she said she was just coming to get us. Yeah right. Anyway, our waitress was great. Food was typical American Mexican....tacos, burritos, etc. Nothing too fancy, and nothing worth noting here. We were in a hurry so we chose this place on a whim...we will plan better next time.
4	We were at a conference at PH and stumbled upon this place for lunch on 3/5. We had a party of 7 and waited no more than a couple if minutes for a table. Ambience: low key rock n' roll theme restaurant. Looks like a place that could get nice and rowdy later. They had a nice patio that appeared somewhat crowded. Service: pretty decent. Our server came right away to introduce herself. Drink orders were taken right away. She came often for refills. Most if food came put right away. One dish had a mistake and took a little time to be corrected. Food; pretty decent. Chips and salsa were good. I had the chicken sabana. This was recommended by the waitress. I couldn't tell how big the plate was, and she recommended against ordering more. Food was good and tasty. A little in the oily and greasy side, but good. I liked the chimichurri sauce on top. The chicken was flattened nice and thin and was still juicy. All in all, a good lunch. Value was decent and well. Good for groups.
5	Feekin best - nicest - most educated waitress ever !!! I would wait 2 hours for her table ... Has a new daughter - and needs to insure her college education has a sound base -- don't be a cheap sob . This kid had moxie and is sweet x
5	This place is awesome! The atmosphere is very lively with great music and entertainment! Our server, Larissa, was very outgoing and helpful. She recommended the carne asada tempequena and it was to die for! The drinks are pricey but totally worth it considering how strong they were!! Every time I come to Vegas I'm eating here!!!
5	Really enjoyed the atmosphere.  Great food. The service is a little slow but your in Vegas so take your time and enjoy..
4	As far as people watching on the Strip is concerned, Cabo Wabo fits the bill perfectly. It's right out front of Planet Hollywood and across from the Cosmopolitan. My sister and I visited for lunch on a beautiful Vegas day. We really could have sat out all afternoon in the sunshine checking out the crazies walking by, with our margaritas and mojito's. Food is not amazing and service was slow on this particular day but we were in no hurry so it didn't really matter. It did take a while just to have our drinks arrive. They were worth the wait in the end!
4	Simply Came here to snack between shopping and drink beer. Had a good experience here on a Saturday mid afternoon, It was packed. But 2 of us got a table after 15min. Then then waitress juggled it just right, no complaints on service. When I did need another drink and saw the waitress was busy taking another tables order I simply asked another waiter and he delivered no problem. Food was good, the shrimp tacos ,delicious. I'll be back...
2	Sun afternoon/early evening - Shrimp ceviche, chicken wings, beers and regular margaritaThe place has a nice deck overlooking the strip. The place was packed! They told us it would be an hour wait so we squeezed in by the outside bar & quickly grabbed some seats after a couple left. The bartenders were quick to take our order and bring us our drinks. The food and drinks were okay, definitely overpriced, but it's the location that you're really paying for. It located on Planet Hollywood's property.My biggest complaint has to be the hidden CNF fee. When we received our bill I noticed the tax and another line that said CNF fee. I inquired about the CNF line and the bartender said she really didn't know what it was or why they charged it. She thinks it's a fee that Planet Hollywood imposes on them, so they pass it down to the consumers. I can't even remember what the percentage was, but the issue is that extra fees should be posted somewhere for everyone to see. I asked to see the menu again and it was not posted anywhere there. I asked them if this fee is posted anywhere and she said she didn't think so. You can't surprise consumers with extra fees on the bill!!! She did offer to bring a manager over to explain the fee to me, but I didn't feel like waiting. It's a 3 star place, minus 1 for hidden fees.
3	I have a feeling I would've liked this place better before I stopped drinking; oh well.  Ended up grabbing lunch inside as it was a windy day.  Bottom line, food was really pretty good, no complaints amongst the group and I liked my Carne Asada Burrito well enough.  It's Vegas and on the strip so it's overpriced and all, but that's to be expected.  What one shouldn't have to settle for is poor or slow service.  Lunch took well over an hour, about 2/3 of which passed after our food arrived; the waiter just disappeared.   Additionally, they seated us at the table in front of the door to the deck, which would've been find except that remember we sat INSIDE becasue of the wind.  So every time they opened the door, it would slam back against the wall and the rush of wind would blow everything off the table, Took 3-4 instances of this and a few parties complaining before they figured out not to use that door and divert to a door closer to the bar.  Better values and equally good food to be had in the Miracle Mile if you find yourself at PH.Also, although I am not a drinker, I did use the free Maragarita with a Yelp check in to score a drink for my buddy.  This seemed to confuse both the server and the manager ( the Yelp coupon, not the Margarita). Seems like it would be a good idea to  make sure your employees know your offers on social media!
5	We just flew in from SD for a wedding and this is the first place we hit up since it was close to the hotel. We were here on a Thursday evening, live music and good food ~ what more can I ask for? Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was fun. We were seated in the patio area near the live music and a perfect spot for me to people watch. Yes, I'm a low-key stalker...j/k.It was too early in the evening for me to booze it up but it looks like it could be a really fun place to come back to.I tried to stay on my eating clean health kick which it really hard in Vegas but I got the Cobb Salad and water. I forget what my hubby ordered but it looked really delish. The service was quick. We never felt rushed and everything was priced accordingly for Vegas. I'd definitely come back but this time I'll try some of there other menu items and maybe booze it up a little.
4	this was actually really good....some of the best food I had in Vegas this entire trip. It was a tad pricey for alcohol, $11 for sangria (although, it was a pint)....and $15 for a salad with no meat (I assumed they would knock a couple bucks off for not wanting the meat). So the entire thing with tax and tip was $34. So i was a tad shocked.But...the service was fantastic. Super nice and helpful. And the salad was amazing. Tortialla shells on the bottom, with guacamole, lettuce, onion, tomato, avocado and beans.  Delish. Definitely could have used more beans, however. Overall it was a good experience, but like everything in Vegas...a tad pricey.
4	My mom has been dying to check out Cabo Wabo for while because she loves Sammy Haggar! It was much better than we expected being a chain and after reading all of the negative reviews. It really exceeded our expectations. We started with the house margarita and they were delicious and strong. Probably better than any margarita I've had. I went with the shrimp tacos and they were really good, they also came with rice and beans. The whole meal was really filling. The pork tacos are also worth a mention if swine is your thing. If you're gonna try one thing, try the chimichangas. They were on the 'specials' menu that day and had beef and queso cheese, I'm craving these right now! The service left a little to be desired and I wish that chips and salsa were complimentary (they are $3). All in all I would definitely check this place out if you love tequila, Mexican, or Sammy Haggar. You also have a great view of the Bellagio fountains if you sit on the patio.
3	Great place for people watching. Although, they continue to have slow service. The drinks run dry. You should not have to flag your waiter down or get the hostess to take your drink order. But I come back for the atmosphere and location. They would get a 5 star if they would get the service down.
1	I wish that I would've yelped this restaurant before we went to see too many negative reviews concerning poor service and over priced food. What I cant believe was that there were hardly any reviews complaining about the the LAME HIDDEN FEE called CNF charge. When I saw it on our bill I questioned the waiter and he said it was to pay for the "live music."  There wasn't any live music playing. I asked the manager and he said it was a Planet Hollywood surcharge. I asked if it was posted anywhere and he said it was at the front. But none of us ever saw it. It should've been very clearly stated in bold on the menu. The food was slightly over priced but lacking in flavor and quality. My fish tacos were tough. fish should never be tough. When was the last time you had to pay for chips and salsa at a mexican restaurant?The service was poor at best, like most of the reviewers mentioned. The bill was way too high for mexican food, especially boring food and poor service.I gave it one star because yelp is too stupid to figure out how to let a reviewer give 0 stars for bad restaurants.
4	I am giving 4 stars only because I thought that our server was awesome! The food was good and their salsa was great! The service was kind of slow but its Cabo Wabo so they can kind of get away with it. I will go back later than sooner cause the set up and view is awesome! In would definitely suggest leaving your kids at home!
3	Meh. Loud. Overpriced. $13 for a glass of house wine? Nuts. The improv troupe was phenomenal. Too bad we could barely hear them with the downstairs sound so loud. Would come back to see them, but won't be ordering anything. What's sad is that it's a prime location with lots of potential. If they weren't so greedy with their prices, they would actually make more, because this place would be packed with locals. Parking is good, walking through the mall isn't too bad, and the service is pretty good.
3	Salsa was good, it was just like Chevy's. A good selection of tequila too. Fajitas were ok, chicken was better than the steak. Monday at 8pm, the place was packed, but we were seated quickly only to experience slow service & sub par food. It was so loud we couldn't really talk much.  Over all, dissapointed that Sammy Hagar would be using a mediocre place, just to make a buck & sell his tequila.
2	Sure not the best margarita I've ever had, the food was just ok.-I have made better at home.  Service was slow , considering there was less than 10 people in the place during the day- there  decor was all right, nothing memorable. It's a not a second trip type of place for me.  Been there, won't go again, not awful just mediocre.
4	I've been here 2 times. Both for breakfast on the patio. I'm a nacho kind of guy so chicken chilequiles or huevos de nachos are perfect. Great place to people watch also.
5	Nice food drinks place. Lounge. Hang out. Wataver u wanna call it. Inside n outside area so my lil Wisdom was able to hang out w no issues. Ppl here are all pet friendly so made my experience much a happier ones! Ohhh. Danny M boy here w cute blk eyeglasses is awsum!!!
2	I love Sammy H but this place has the  worst service if u are not sitting at the bar!  Food just ok- I tried it twice last week and won't be back to eat- just drink.
5	Eat at the bar great service great drinks. I loved the food I don't  get the negative reviews here   The food is fresh and good way better than any other like place in Vegas. I could come here over and over. My favorite bar and and grill in Vegas.
5	Honors groupon and yelp deal! I love u waiter! Had great food- great ambiance. Probably best bang for the buck on the Vegas strip hands down (besides earl or course cause that's a different type of food) if u like Mexican u like cabo wabo plus the yelp and groupon perks u get!
3	Came here on a busy night with a large group and the girls up front accommodated us very well.  The vibe was also excellent loved the music they were playing. Now on to the food and drinks, the food was not that great since it's suppose to be mexican it really didn't hit the spot for me who puts crumbled cheese on rice... :/ the drink I got was pretty average nothing I haven't tasted before and everything was a little overpriced but come on it's Vegas what isn't overpriced .
1	$45 for two frozen machine margaritas and two shots of Sammy Hagar's shit tequila.  They print on receipt suggested tip of $12.  This place stunk like they had sewer issues behind the bar.  It left such a bad taste in my mouth that I will flip the station next time I hear a Sammy Hagar song.
1	WORST service. The hostesses quoted me 20 minutes three times, FINALLY we were seated and had to sit at a tiny table where we had NO room for our food, and we had to listen to rock music at a MEXICAN restaurant.
3	2.5 stars but I'll round up because everything in Vegas is pricey. The atmosphere about this place is cool.  So for those tired of going to upscale Vegas restaurants, this is a good place to chill and drink some frozen margaritas and relax.  Especially a good way to get out of the Vegas heat.Order the Carne Asada tacos and it was nothing special.  Tacos were a little small but it was good.   But its no way it should be 17 dollars.  Anywhere else and this would be a taco plate appetizer.  Grabbed some shots of tequila that were $11 dollars as well.  Overall just a meh experience. Again the 3 stars is generous because everything in Vegas is high.  And our waitress was really cool.  But otherwise it would be more towards that 2-2.5 range.
2	Unfortunately I was not impressed with food quality. I had only ever been to the Cabo San Lucas location, and hoped it was isolated. Food was not great, service was barely available and drinks were ok.
5	Bad service at first but Jason took over and from that point on it was great. Lobster enchiladas were possibly the best food I've ever eaten. Checked the sampler too and it had some good things. Guacamole was pretty tasty. Decent beer price and a high energy atmosphere give it a try.
3	Low end Mexican food in a Vegas strip environment. Sweet, watery margaritas, no chips & salsa (maybe available if you order as an appetizer). No salsa with the tacos. Come for cheap eats (by LV strip standards).
1	Used to go there often not so much since Shawn Eiferman isn't there playing music anymore. Food is ok, there used to be such a fun vibe that all the visitors would get into the action but now they have a guy from the Voice there and he is just kind of an arrogant guy and the drummer is a jerk.  Too bad they let Shawn go he was the showman, we follow him around Vegas and have for years and take our friends to hear him too. He is an entertainer that fills the house.
5	Great food, had the short rib burrito, very good and my boyfriend & friend loved their food. Atmosphere is fun and friendly, had the sweetest server + got a FREE margarita for Yelp check in... Can't beat that!
2	Great music, atmosphere & patio. Overpriced food. Our server wasn't great.  Had to wait forever to get anything, like our bill, and the restaurant wasn't busy.
3	Loved the food....drinks were advertised as  hearty & were weak as allllll get out.  And, they added a 5%  franchise fee  to the bill.  Seriously a 4-5 star until that.  Asked the wait person, who got defensive (want a manager to explain it to you?).  Always, great food held back by cheesy pass on of 5% franchise fee to the patrons.  Recommend you drink elsewhere.  Food very yummy.
4	Made a quick stop and tried the ahi ceviche and the shrimp ceviche. Both were so good!
1	When there on Sunday nite with my wife to have late dinner. I have been here before food is ok service was good but this time service was terrible , we sat there for 20 min no one showed up I got up and asked one of the girls in front for help and that didn't help, finally a waiter showed up to say hello and left as fast as he showed up. I say if they were busy Ok but they weren't. That's the last time I'm going to go there and would not recommended anybody to go there.
3	I sat on the deck and had an obstructed view of bellagio's fountain. There is mist for cooling off, and heating lamps (I guess for when it gets cold at night?) They play pop music on a loop through the speakers, which adds to the fun atmosphere. Food and drinks are on the pricey side, for what it is (which is why I gave it 3 stars). I had an app and one drink and the bill came to $25.
1	Are you looking for the best sugar water in town you found it!!!! Better go to Fat Tuesdays!!!! Better deal!!!. I got the 18 dollar drink wit supposedly 4 1/2 shots it tasted nothing but like sugar water I will not recommend this to anyone avoid this place at all cost! I even asked if she put the extra shot she said yea but you will taste it!! Nope I didn't
4	We have been here a few times and have never really been disappointed. It does get crowded and service can be slow but we do not like to rush anyways. So far the Chicken Sabana is my favorite dish and will be hard not to order again. Friendly staff and fun atmosphere!
2	Not a very pleasant experience as I had set a very high expectations for this place. We were a party of 8, got a table and until that point everything was OK, the wait wasn't too bad. Off coarse, we get a waiter that all hyped up and was rushing us to order, I ask for some Salsa and Chips, he acted all surprised and said that he will charge me for it, OK, no problem. Then we go on and I asked for a green salsa and his reply was "you can have whatever you want" not to mention he was going to tag me with additional $9.00 for Guacamole dip, well I asked for green Salsa not a dip. We go on without any complaints as we all felt the situation was weird. The food comes in, I ordered the fish of the day, Scottish Salmon, good plate presentation until the plate tasted like all SALT, went on and tried to eat as we were all starving, it got to the point where I could not continue. Mentioned it to the MOD and she did a great job by addressing it. Bottom line, it wasn't a well perceived experience.
3	Have no idea what the food is like here, but I went up to the Cabo Wabo bar because I had spotted they had cheap margarita slushies to go. I'm not one of those people who wants to pay $20 for a drink in a souvenir cup (that I'll break or lose) so $5 for a drink sounds much better to me than $20. Of course the $5 drink special was only available for one flavour (mango), but I like mango, and it was a good deal. $5 for a boozey slushie to combat some of that Vegas heat? Yes, please.
3	I have a mixed review of Cabo Wabo. We waited about 20 mins to get seated outside, for a party of 10. It's a great atmosphere, music, beautiful views of Bellagio water show. I ordered the Baja shrimp Ceviche and it was quite salty and lacking flavor. A friend ordered the Ahi ceviche and she said it tasted strange and was sweet. My husband ordered the carne asada tacos and he loved it. Some friends ordered steak Fajitas for 2 and they raved about how delicious the steak is. However they all got charged extra for rice and beans which they received but didn't order. But was later removed after we brought it up to the manager. When paying our $300 bill, I asked about an odd additional "tax" they charged which was close to $13. They said Planet Hollywood charges them for being their so they pass that charge along to the customer (which is ridiculous). Really, a Mexican restaurant that doesn't have complimentary chips and salsa?!?We dined inside last week and it wasn't anything special. Today we sat Outside is way better if u can handle the heat or in our case the wind!
2	We came in for a quick bite to eat before leaving Vegas sat outside and ordered a strawberry Margarita, it was so sweet you can barely drink it.We also ordered the nachos and chicken wings the nachos were very good I font know about the chicken wings cause my wife had one wing and noticed a hair in her plate and lost her appetite we sent it back they were kind enough to take it off our bill needless to say it was not the Mexican food we are used to here in southern Cali would I go back to Vegas of corse to wabo Cabo don't think so
4	First night in Vegas. Saw the fountains then headed over for a drink. Just for checking in on yelp I got a free voucher for a margarita with the purchase of an entree. I don't like margaritas but as a teacher getting something for free brings a smile to my face. We sat at the inside barWaiting for a seat on the rail outside so we could watch everything. There was a band upstairs also. This place is owned by Sammy Hagar and his beer Red Head is on draft. If your in Vegas it's worth a stop.
4	I've been wanting to eat at a Cabo Wabo for years (Sammy Hagar reasons of course) and I finally got to while staying in Vegas. We were seated outside next to the amps so talking to each other was IMPOSSIBLE (live music was going on). Although the whole aerial view of the strip was nice, couldn't complain about that. A Rod Stewart look-a-like was playing music (I thought it was really him, still unsure). The prices weren't all that bad, but then again we split the bill between 4 ladies so it made it like $15 per person. My friend got a drink in an awesome Cabo Wabo glass and they let her keep it which was really nice and a great souvenir! My only complaint is not being able to talk to my friends we were literally texting each other to communicate. We asked to be seated inside but our waiter couldn't even hear us so we all gave up and just pointed at what we wanted to order. While waiting for the food we got to watch all the early drunks yell up at all of us at Cabo Wabo which was sort of funny it was only like 11pm - not to mention the Bellagio fountain show is like right across the street so a fountain show, live music and food. It was a good night.
2	Being at the heart of the Vegas strip this place has the chance to absolutely kill it.  Has a chance....Based on my recent visit I would have tell anyone thinking of trying this place to think twice and try something else.  There are a lot of choices when it comes to eating and drinking on the strip.  The fact that Sammy Hagar has his name attached to this place will put people in the seats, but I won't be back.Service was poor.  Our server was much more interested in the water gun fight going on with his co-workers than he was in any of the tables.  It's Vegas you should have a good time, but the patrons should have a better time.  Everyone that was seated around us was also frustrated.The food was a little bit below average.  For the money I was not impressed.  We had ordered some nachos, chicken enchiladas, and a Jack and Coke burger. The real tragedy here were the drinks.  Until the day that I ate here I had never not finished a drink.  It was so sweet that it might have actually ruined my meal.  For $10 dollars or more this was the worst margarita that I have ever had, and I have had hundreds in my life.  Nobody at the table was able to finish their margaritas, and we all had a different flavor.  I said something to our server and he said "I don't know what to tell you."  Something tells me they get that all of the time.If I remember right there is a Fat Tuesdays down the hall inside of Planet Hollywood.  Stop there and enjoy the buzz.
4	I have past this place every single day during my yearly stay in Vegas. I always wanted to try it, but didn't know how the heat would affect my dining experience seated at the patio. It was surprisingly a great experience and great food. You have a blocked view of the Bellagio water but I just loved watching crowds and crowds of people pass by. The band was great.I received my free margarita upon checking-in on yelp. Margarita was very strong. I ordered the "Jack & Coke BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger" I have to tell you I wasn't expecting anything great but the first bite I fell in love with this Burger. I finished everything on the plate including fries which were also great.Next time, I will be trying the Jack & Coke Ribs
5	Came here on a Thursday night during a rush and were seated on the patio (our preference) within 10 minutes. We had the pleasure of having Danny as our sever-he was fabulous!! Attentive, fun, and charming. Do yourself a favor-come here and enjoy a delicious margarita and live music!
3	Second time here. First in 2012. Food not impressive. Fish tacos are much better elsewhere. Pork tacos were crazy plain.
4	The beef and chicken tacos are excellent. Make sure you check in and you will get a free margarita!!
5	This place was great! My boyfriend and I got free margaritas with the yelp check-in deal! They don't offer chips and salsa before your meal which is weird for a Mexican restaurant, but the service and food were good, so I'd definitely be back.
5	Awesome service by Sarah Marie! Great energy and atmosphere!! The Ahi Tuna & Jalapeno Chicken was delicious! We look forward to visiting again!
4	This spot was awesome, great location outside on the strip. Music playing, and our server Nathan was knowledgeable and cool.
5	Came here for dinner to celebrate my friends 22nd birthday and it was great! The staff was super friendly, fast, and attentive to all our needs. Especially Stephanie our waitress and Cuco our busser! Definitely coming back on my next trip out to Vegas !
4	I loved the guacamole and lobster enchiladas. The sauce was sweet and spicy, my favorite tastes. The free margarita with check in was a great treat as were the birthday shots they brought us for our friends birthday!
2	We sat inside because we didn't want to bake in the July Las Vegas sun, but the patio would be good for people watching.  Inside the music was too loud and while our server was nice, it took a while to get our drinks and food.  I had the carnitas tacos for a late lunch which were pretty tasty, but the meal was small.  The place is pricey especially for drinks.   Luckily I had the Yelp check-in offer for a free house margarita that the wife enjoyed.
2	Awesome atmosphere. Bartender was laughing on his phone while we were patiently waiting for our order to be taken. Then he wanted me to yell my order across the loud bar to him while he continued to stay on his phone. Very inconsiderate. Worst tortilla soup I've ever had!
2	Service was horrible..food was ok. For such a great location so disappointed.
5	Came to Vegas for a weekend getaway and walked over to Cabo wabo for some margaritas and was very pleased with the service at the bar. Shane at the outside bar was very friendly and accommodating. Talked with my boyfriend and I the majority of the time and was a great guy to conversate with. Definitely a great spot and outside bar to visit and just hang for a while. Great service from Shane. Cheers!
4	"Fun atmosphere, good cocktails, and yummy smothered burritos". I've ate here twice I thought the fajitas and Corona would be the only thing I would come for, but I gave the smothered burrito a try, "delicious and filling!" I would also recommend this place to watch the games :-)
5	This place is fun and has some awesome drinks. Prepared to be full when you leave here because between the drinks, the chips and the food with large portions, you will not leave here feeling light. It is a fun atmosphere, touristy, but still fun. I love the coconut margarita! They come around and take your photo while you eat (the touristy part I was talking about) and then you can choose to purchase it, or just take the free post card photo. I have been here 3 times over the past few years and always have had good service. My friends and I split the veggie fajitas. We split the portion for one, but with chips and guac we were still stuffed. Make sure you have some margaritas, they are yummy!
2	Seriously underwhelmed.  Great location on the strip but goes downhill fast.  Bad margaritas.  Very bland food.  Overpriced because of the location.  With all the Vegas food options, avoid this place.
2	Had I written a review several years ago - this would be 5 stars.  This place, however, just did not measure up this trip like it has in the past.  We had terrible service that was beyond slow.  Their current happy hour also includes only beer and fireball concoctions.  No happy hour margaritas???  And the beers were expensive, so while it was buy one get one - you were paying twice as much as you would in some other bars on the strip.  I'd only visit again with a coupon from the people advertising on the street.  So many other great places, don't waste your time until this place gets its act back together!
5	Loved Cabo Wabo.  Great location right on the strip next to my usual hotel "Paris".  Sat on the patio under the misters and chowed down great chicken fajitas.
5	First timing dining at a Cabo Wabo, and will definitely visit again!! Our service was polite and frequent, Brian was very responsive to our needs which is always good in a large group including a baby. The food was delicious and came out not long after we ordered which is awesome because they were starting to get busy and had a band playing.. Summer the Manager was also polite and attentive. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for good food, good drinks, and excellent service!!
5	Went to Cabo Wabo because we were in town for a bachelor party and one of the groomsmen was feeling a need for some mojitos. I was skeptical at first because I figured these guys focus their efforts hocking 3' tall slushy drinks on the miracle mile. I was wrong.We sat at the bar and ordered a round of mojitos. Before I knew it we were 2 mojitos down and the bartenders started pouring shots of fireball on the house while grilling us on our favorite nfl teams. It was basically nfl trivia; get a question right, get a shot, get a question wrong, get shot with a water pistol (I got shot a lot). We laughed with these guys for a solid hour while drinking some of the best mojitos I've ever had and laughing about sports.If you get the chance to sit down at Cabo Wabo I highly recommend sitting at the bar because these guys know how to have a good time.
1	We went here for our anniversary, the drinks are great , but I ordered the shrimp and I got food poisoning ......not a good way to spend my anny. It is loud inside, service is slow and it is pricing for the food.
5	This place was sooo good. I came here a couple of months ago with my boyfriend and his cousin. And omg, so glad we did. It was busy, fun, and exciting. They also had like a live band playing right next to us; we sat outside. Our server was super nice and super attentive. I saw that he was busy and going back and forth with his drinks and orders but whenever we needed anything, he was right on it. It's been a while since I've been here, but I will definitely be back and hopefully be satisfied just like this first time. :)
1	Loud music. The atmosphere of the place wasn't for dinner or lunch for sure. The food was too spicy. Service was ok that's the only reason I gave one star.
5	My wife and I have been coming here for years and the waiters have always been awesome but today we met Danny and this guy knows how to provide great customer service.Ask for him when you go !!!
5	Best Margarita's ever and the staff was very friendly.
5	Great location on the strip, live band playing, mango picante margarita...yum, steak fajitas....yum, love this place. Service was great too. Definitely will be back next time!!!!
4	My sister & I came here for lunch this past Saturday.  Sat outside to enjoy the scene on the strip.  Even though it was so hot, the mist they have for the customers make you feel refreshing.  It was enjoyable to sit outside. The music, waiters & atmosphere was so fun.While we were waiting, the music was bumping & this ladies wanted to dance w/ the waiter. He was fun & was dancing w/ the customers.  It was entertaining.  They also take your picture & give you a complimentary souvenir picture. You can also buy larger photos if you like.I ordered chips & salsa, & carne asada quesadilla. I love how they make the tortilla crisp & their beef is delicious and tender.  It's served w/ sour cream, guacamole, & hot sauce.  The portions are more than I can eat.  Affordable & worth dining here.The only thing I didn't like was the greeters stand in the heat outside. They should have the mist on them also since they're standing there the whole shift.  They looked beat & I felt bad for them.  Will come back next time I'm in town.
1	I have never been to a restaurant that blank out discriminates! We were seated outside and our server refused to get us drinks because he told my brother he had "droopy eyes". My brother had a serious eye condition and was shocked by the servers comments. We asked for a manager and didn't get any support. With that said, we left the restaurant and no longer cared to eat there. It is wrong to call customer names. I will take this up with my lawyer and ensure they are contacted. It's unfortunate.
4	I came here for appetizers and drinks before seeing Britney at PH with some friends. We were short on time so opted to sit at the bar since there was a 30 minute wait to be seated on the patio. The nachos were SO GOOD!!!! Since we just did apps I can't comment on the entrees but the frozen margarita pitcher was tasty as well. Good vibes and friendly service. I will definitely be back for those nachos the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I had a great time at Cabo Wabo Cantina. Our server Avi was great! He made sure we hade everything we needed. The food and margaritas were very good.We sat out on the patio and had a very nice time.
4	Great all around. The tortilla soup was fabulous and the service from everyone was awesome! The only reason for 4 stars was nothing really blew me away.
4	The margaritas are fantastic, the service was great and the appetizers were pretty good.
4	Sitting out on the patio, great way to people watch!  Brian, our server, was 'Johnny on the spot!'  Brought drinks just when we were finishing,  talked with us about our experience here at CWLV, and stopped by every now and then to check up on us.  Bring the house of Sammy Hagar, they had shit music on when I first got he re.   I requested some Sammy music and got a great set list of Sammy music, solo stuff, Van Halen, and Chickenfoot!When I'm not in Cabo, this is where I get my Wabo!Brian ROCKS!Update:  Manager Kristin stopped by when she found out REDHEADS were in da house!  Thanks Kristin!
3	Nothing too special. Paid a little over a bill for 9 shots of patron. The bartender was very friendly though.
3	The atmosphere was great, right on the strip. Music was good. The gourmet Hamburgers are delicious. Killer Bloody Marys.  Little $$, didn't care for my server. .I never saw her,  she appeared very grumpy and sarcastic
5	Darian....went above and beyond for us and made out experience extremely enjoyable. We will come back every time we are in Vegas because of him.
3	This place came highly recommended. We grabbed lunch here and boy were we in for a shock when the bill came. Our server was really attentive and so graciously charged us for extra funny-tasting salsa and salad dressing. I didn't feel like the food and beverages were worth the money that we paid. I have had better chain Mexican food but cool for drinks and apps.... I guess.
5	Chips and salsa, Yummy! The guacamole is just a plus and the Margarita I got for checking in on yelp is pretty amazing and so is Brian, our server.
3	Great location in the middle of the strip near Planet Hollywood. We were a huge group and had two large tables near each other. Staff is good but a bit slow. Regular chips and salsa and we added guacamole as well. We enjoyed the Ahi tuna ceviche with spicy tortillas and the baja shrimp ceviche. The Shortrib burrito was good and the fajitas were very ordinary. All and all we had a great time and food was good.
5	Very friendly staff. Food was brought to the table quickly, and was very tasty. Prices were very reasonable. There is a patio on the outside where one can sit and eat, in addition to the nice bar/dining area. It's also very easy to find, right at the front of Planet Hollywood.
3	Food was decent.  Not incredible, but decent.  We were there for eats during a bachelor party week.  It took four times to request doing something cool for the bachelors.  They were supposed to do a bar top dance and pour tequila into their mouths but instead got watermelon shots that were supposedly on the house.  Overall we were looking for something cooler but it was  adequate.  I'd relate it to the hard rock.  Cool atmosphere with potential but only moderate tasting food with average service.
1	Worst service I have ever had at a bar.  I would go into detail, but if I did the bartender that served me would likely be jobless and that is never my intention when I leave a bad review.  I will never return to this establishment, and will advise that others avoid it as well.
4	Best Place Ever!!! The food was so good.  It was like there was a Party in my mouth!!!! And the drinks were good!!! Excellent service..
5	I decided to eat inside because the weather was sooo sooo hot in Vegas over the weekend.  I was traveling on a work trip and eating alone.   If you've ever done that you probably know that wait staff tend to look at you wierd as they'd rather serve a table of two and get a bigger tip rather than seat a single person in a booth for two.  That said, I felt that a bit at Cabo Wabo, but overall my waitress was very good and considerate of my needs.Note - unlike most mexican restaurants you may be familiar with, you pay extra here for chips and salsa.  Even if you want salsa to dress your chopped salad you pay $1 for it. I guess that is the nature of eating on the strip though ... almost nothing's cheap. That said I ordered a chopped vegetarian southwest salad an it was EXCELLENT.  Seriously one of the best salads I can remember in a long time and I'm a vegetarian so I eat a lot of salads.  I'd gladly eat there again.My only regret is I checked into yelp late and missed their check in offer for a free house margarita with an entree.  I ordered an upgraded margarita instead but saved the offer in case I go back.  I'd happily go back and enjoy that salad again.Don't forget to check in before you order.
4	Surprisingly good food. It is fun to sit outside and especially nice to hear great music on the patio and be able to see the fountains at Bellagio and people watch.  Loved the music and comedic talent of Shawn Eiferman.  Have followed this guy for a few years now and he is great and often has mega talented people playing with him too.  He is what living in Vegas is all about. Music and good food any night of the week.  His music is worth the trip to the strip!!
1	The waitress was a real b*tch, really rude I'm surprised she still works there. Never going back.
2	We came to eat there great chimichanga to our disappointment they took it of the menu  so ordered the Carne asada tacos not  good to much fat on the meat, the chicken enchiladas were good .. Service was good
5	My experience at Cabo Wabo was Awesome!!! The hostess was friendly, the location and view was perfect (right on the strip),  the food was delicious (FYI... I had the shrimp enchiladas) and my waiter Danny M. was INCREDIBLE! He knew the menu like the back of his hand and was friendly and engaging. Definitely recommend! Ask for Danny M!
4	Went here twice on our three day stay. Margaritas were good but I think they made me sick :( Food was awesome! Ordered the breakfast burrito with chorizo the first day and the breakfast nachos the second day. Our female server was awesome the first day and our second day male server sucked! Shouldn't have to ask for water three times to start the experience off!! Luck of the draw I guess?
1	Fun atmosphere... Bad service. Didn't receive our appetizer and our orders came out incorrect. Ran out of beverages and did not get checked on once. Will not be back.
3	Great location - across from the Bellagio. Fun music and good people watching. The 2nd Mai Tai was loaded with liquor and wasn't very good. Food was ok. Would rate this 3.5 stars and probably won't go back.
5	Delicious food, great views of the strip. We did the yelp check-in deal and got ourselves a delicious (strong) margarita. I enjoyed dinner and would definitely look forward to going again, especially with the reasonable prices and good chips/salsa.
4	My first experience with Cabo Wabo was purchasing a 32 oz. frozen margarita of my choice.WARNING may get a little intoxicated.My family and I were trying to decide where to eat for dinner and the decision was made to dine at Cabo Wabo. They have two separate host stations, one for outside seating and one for inside seating. The patio was going to take about a half hour wait so we decided to dine indoors. The had us wait for a few minutes to get our table set up. Once we were sat, we were greeted by a very friendly server, I believe her name was Sarah. Sarah was helpful, patient, and kind. She offered us suggestions and was very attentive. Sarah is exceptional.One of Sarah's suggestions for a beverage was the MARGARITA VERDE [Cabo Wabo tequila, lime, freshly minced cucumber & cilantro, served on the rocks]. We ordered a pitcher $44 which serves about four full glasses; delicious and refreshing! For my dinner, I decided on the GRILLED PORTABELLA MUSHROOM FAJITAS [fajitas vegetable, guacamole, pico do gallo, sour cream & flour tortillas] $25.95 (for one); I had it served over melted cheeses skillet add $3.00 and a side of rice. The food was flavorful and well presented. My only negative critique is, not enough tortillas; you only receive three but an additional two would be better but that's a personal preference.The music was really loud. it was hard to converse with my family or listen to Sarah, our server. Over all, my experience was exceptional and I definitely recommend dining at Cabo Wabo the next time you're in Las Vegas!
4	How could you not love it here!? Great atmosphere  great location, great food and drinks. Just a fun escape, feels like you're lounging at some beach cantina - you forget you're in Vegas. Good music and overall feel.(Tip - if you sit outside, ask for a table in the shade - it's well-worth the longer wait. If you're in the direct sun, like we were, you'll roast and sweat if you don't ask and once you lock into your seat, it's tough to move because apparently those seats in the shade are locked up by those waiting in line. We eventually got to move though (since they realized we were in for the long haul that afternoon, haha... many, many drinks.) PS - Swear this is true but that night after Cabo I had a dream like Point Break where I was in charge of finding the head of a surfer crew who was robbing banks, lead by Sammy Hagar. I found them surfing at a cove in Mexico, chased him up a mountain side to the edge of a cliff where he jumped, turned in the air, flipped me off while smiling, pulled a ripcord and base jumped. He cut the cord in the air, tucked and rolled, yelled and took off in an awaiting jeep.Um... yeah. That dream was probably because of the combo of Sammy' music, too much sun and too many drinks, haha.
5	Epic. These guy BROUGHT US A TABLE. We just sat in the middle of nowhere on some chairs and they BROUGHT THE TABLE.  Quality. The margs are great too.
5	Lunch out on the patio was fantastic!  Service was top-notch and food was stellar - I will return!  Our waitress (sorry forgot her name) was so great. I got the shrimp appetizer (cooked with tequila) YUMMM-EEEE!
4	The Cabo Wabo Cantina is one of my favorite places to visit every time I go to Las Vegas! They have an awesome deck that is right on the strip just outside of Planet Hollywood.  One of the best people watching areas in the country!  Combine that with awesome service, solid food and great drinks and you've got yourself a great time!Our most recent visit was on 10/20/14.  We were pleasantly greeted and opted for a table right on the rail so we could enjoy the sights.  I will say that they now pump in music...and my previous choice of the bar style seating is now less desirable because the music would be a bit loud there (wait, did I just say that?  music is NEVER too loud..but you get what I mean).Our server, Ashley, was very nice, kept our drinks filled and provided great service....consistent with every single time we've visited Cabo Wabo! 4 or 5 times there and we've always been very well taken care of.I tried a few different drinks...a cucumber based margarita...a 'sangarita' (their twist on a sangria, it's pinot noir and tequila) which was better than I anticipated but probably wouldn't get it again, and the standard ol' Waborita, which is my ultimate favorite.The food is consistently good.  You DO have to pay for chips and salsa (only a couple bucks though) and the salsa is worth it..very tasty.  I used to get the tequila shrimp, but they've removed it from the menu so this time I had the fish tacos (with chipotle crema), while my date had the carne asada tacos (which looked and were delicious..and included avacado!).  It's not 5 star food, but it's way better than normal bar food.Ultimately it's the combination of location, atmosphere, service, drinks and food that makes Cabo Wabo a winner.  Grab a seat on the rail, a Waborita and enjoy the sights and sounds of the Vegas strip!
5	My sweetie and I came here for our anniversary.  The management took better care of us than we could have ever dreamed. Staff, food, view... all amazing. Highly recommend! We'll be back again!
3	Great food! Great drinks! Great staff! The sangria was delicious. Our waiter was a sweetheart. Cabo Wabo at this point would have gotten 5 stars from me until I checked the bill. Cabo Wabo charges entertainment fees and or service fees aside from the auto gratuity. Strange and unusual, yes, but they still do it. A great place for drinks and dining but always check your receipt for mystery fees.
5	I'm not sure about their dinner but I'm convinced that like their breakfast it's delicious.Me,my mom,and sister wanted to grab a satisfying morning meal and we found ourselves at this inviting facility and all of the food we had ordered was cooked to perfection and was quite delightful I recommend this place to anyone who wants to satisfy those good breakfast cravings.
5	The Cocoritas with the toasted coconut and agave is AMAZING! We actually ate here for two meals... once for a late lunch and once for brunch. Both were to die for and the setting is great! Awesome view of the strip while you sit outside under the shade or in the sun and people-watch. The Cabo Wabo Coffee is really great, too. I had the huevos rancheros for brunch and that was the best I've ever had.Probably my favorite spot on the strip!
4	Good spot to eat on the strip. Nice views of the strip and good food and good drinks. Took us awhile for someone to get our drink order but after that service was pretty solid. Had the shrimp tacos and they were knock out
2	YIKES! Unimpressed. I have a pretty strong stomach and this place did not leave me feeling well. Maybe it was because of the overpriced food or the sugary drinks but either way... not good! I know Cabo Wabo is a chain so you can't expect gourmet food but for what I paid, I expected something edible. Our server was very nice and that was the only really postitive thing about this place.
2	I was seated at the patio, very tiny place, with cramped seating. Did not enjoy my dinner, because the food looks great but it didn't taste that good. It's definetly not authentic Mexican food, would rate it the best bar food so far. Regardless of the food I found my dinner experience here unenjoyable due to my seating. Most annoying seat ever. People kept constantly walking behind me bumping into my chair. I just wanted to enjoy my view of the Ballagio fountains but this ruined it for me. The food is pricy for what your getting. I get it's on the strip but not worth it. Won't be back unless its just to drink. service was bad the waitress kept ignoring us and being distracted when speaking to her. She also took 30min just to get us cashed out.
4	Great breakfast menu! Our waitress Liz was awesome. Nothing like checking in and getting a free margarita at 9:00 AM.
5	The six of us came here after going to Sugar Factory and having a negative experience due to the hostess Hilary to where we could not even dine. The service we are receiving here is excellent from hostess, our server Alicia, bussers, and food. We will come back here next trip which is already scheduled. Atmosphere is great, upbeat. Good mix of music.
3	The outdoor patio is a popular place for people watching and to be seen as it's on the corner of Planet Hollywood.  We opted to enter from inside and asked to be seated indoors which only had about 7 tables occupied.  Our server came promptly to get our drink orders.  I had checked in on Yelp which offered a free margarita ($10) value but I also had a coupon for 20% off (it's in the Miracle Mile coupon book).  I opted to get the free drink but after, I should have used the coupon, as the drink was too strong for me and I drank less than half.  My husband happily finished it for me though.I focused on the tacos and fajitas on the menu.  The fajitas come for 1 or 2.  We shared the grilled sirloin fajitas and for $3 more we got beans and rice.  The food came out quick and the platter had lots of cut up beef and grilled peppers on it.  We each received 3 warm small tortillas wrapped in paper.  We devoured them pretty quick and asked for more.Service was more attentive at the beginning of our meal and then died off.  It still wasn't very busy inside so it wasn't that the server was so busy.  The food was good, but I'm not sure if it was worth $42 for 2.  The drinks are about $14 each so it can add up.There was a little stage set up when you first walk in but I don't know when bands play.  It seems more popular to sit outside, listen to music, and enjoy the Strip views.
3	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas  ...unless it's delicious happy hours chicken taquito and mixed (watered down) shots!  The flavor was reminiscent of delicious but the chicken was a bit scorched on either ends.
5	We recently stayed at Planet Hollywood, and found ourselves with a group at Cabo Wabo.  The people we were with sucked, so the manager, Lou, and bartenders John and Nikki were AMAZING.  John made us the best bloody marys we've ever had - we like them super spicy - and showed us a great time.  We went back the next 2 days to have Lou treat us wonderfully.  The service was fantastic, drinks were great, and the food that we did eat was enjoyable.  Having such a great experience here definitely added to our already wonderful trip!!
1	This place has the worst food on the planet. Take this as an indicator: the chips and salsa were horrible, the drinks were flat, and there was a blatant typo on the menu. Don't waste your time or money.
2	This place kind of sucks. The waitress was super nice but the food is awful and the drinks are very overpriced. I'm happy we went because I was always curious about the place but we definitely won't be returning.
3	I was in las vegas staying at the Paris hotel for my sisters bachelorette weekend and we decided to come here for breakfast before walking the whole strip. I thought it was way too early to drink so I didnt get to taste the drinks but the girls said they were strong and good. I don't recall the name of what I had for breakfast but do remember finishing the whole plate and it was just what i needed. In fact, all the girls devoured most of their food. We were at the outdoors seating and it was nice for people watching, and to plan our next adventure. I would return here on MY future bachelorette weekend !!
5	One of my favorite places!!! It's so much fun! Great place for large groups!!! Definitely a must go when in Las Vegas!
4	The place has good food, friendly stuff and fairly nice, casual atmosphere. Drinks are overpriced (as is common along Vegas Strip), but the food we got was plentiful and tasty. The servers were friendly and helpful. The wait time was so-so, but it was a busy Friday evening so that's acceptable in my book. I will come back for lunch or dinner on a future visit to Vegas (esp. if I get a groupon or similar deal :-) ).
2	My husband and I are locals and bought a groupon and decided to try this place out. We were quickly seated at the bar stools that overlook the strip. Perfect since my husband loves to people watch. First, we ordered a margarita. I asked her if there were any drinks they were special for and she said everything so I got strawberry. Probably the worst margarita I've had lately. Then, we ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer. Again, awful. The chips were really hard and tasted stale. We got some type of quesadilla that was pretty good. Overall the service and food was pretty decent. I'm a pretty harsh critic. I would have given 3 stars but it was getting cold and we asked for the bill and she said she would be right back for the groupon. It took about 5 minutes for her return. She finally took my phone and disappeared for another 10 minutes. She didn't give me a book with my receipt so there was nowhere to put my money. So this place was ok, but I definitely will not be going there again. But if you have a groupon, it's worth it if you don't feel like traveling far and you're in that area.
4	On a sunny morning this is a good place to enjoy a breakfast burrito out on the patio and people watch.
2	Went to this last night for NYE and service was outstanding.   However,  the music SUCKED...Not one Sammy Hagar song played! WTF! No Van Halen,  Chickenfoot, Montrose etc...nothing but hip hop crap! I dropped $300 to listen to this crap!! Will not be going back..
2	2 only because guacamole was good. Service was okay, attentive at first, but no check-ins after food was served. Food was eatable, but not impressive by any means. Rice comparable to uncle bens, to paint a picture.
5	Our waitress  Yescina was wonderful. Good was food and the drinks  where great can't say nothing bad about these place. Everything was great.
4	Eat here if you are strolling around the strip and looking for a quick bite to eat. I HIGHLY recommend the Chicken Tortilla soup. I love chicken tortilla soup, and their version easily makes my top 5. The Short Rib burrito is DELICIOUS! Even the chips and salsa were flavorful. I loved the salsa so much, I wanted to take it to-go, but didn't want to look like THAT person. LOL Overall, I had a really great experience here. Oh, and you get a FREE Margarita when you check in??! SOLD!!!
4	Good job!  Four of us had dinner.  The four different dinners were elegantly prepared and served soon after we ordered.  Will go back.  Check out the Margarita offer if you are a member of Yelp.
