3	There are so many outstanding AZ Mex, Tex Mex, and New Mex Mex restaurants in Phoenix. This just isn't one of them.Everything here feels generic and mass produced, buffet or cafeteria style. Which is a shame, really, as the location is so prime and I have great memories of this place back when it was Tony Roma's. Does anyone else remember that?Anyhow, it isn't wretched by any means, but in a city with so much outstanding Mexican influenced food everything else just falls away by the wayside.
3	I really liked this restaurant for the proximity to my hotel.  It seemed true to the real Mexican fare, in food and quality.  I'm really tired of the Tex-Mex, politically correct food that most so-called Mexican places claim to be.The atmosphere is fun as is the decor.  Servers were very polite and they serve a kick-ass  flaming queso!  It reminded me of the flaming saganaki served at Greek restaurants.  They also serve margaritas as big as your head!I would go back again.
3	Meh, whatever.Their food is just OK.  All of their sauces are cooked with flour, so that eliminates most of the dishes I enjoy at a Mexican restaurant and the dishes I have had that don't contain flour are just OK.  I do not enjoy their beans and rice and their prices are pretty high for lunch, around $10/plate.  In summary, a sub-par Mexican spot, like most.
1	Gross. This tastes nothing like Mexican food. Tastes like they heated up some Jose Ole in the micro. Never going back. I didn't even pay for this meal and I can't think of one good thing to say about this place.
2	Food isn't the best.  I always feel like I ate a rock when I leave.  I do really like the salsa/chip tray they bring out (2 different salsas, a bean dip and chips).  You can get better elsewhere.
2	Arriba makes an attempt to create New Mexico food in a generic kitchen - the result is decent food in my opinion - just not great food.  The spiciness is just right and there is a good compliment of green and red chile, and good variety of options.The real issue I have with this restaurant is the service.  I keep going back periodically (not often) as I'm drawn by the food, along with convenience and reasonable prices - however, every single time the service is poor at best.  The servers are pleasant when standing at the table, but once they are gone - they're gone! - no place to be found!  You can get parched of thirst, have a mighty hungering for another chip, or be waiting on your bill - they just disappear - and this has happened every single time I've been there!  This is really probably more of a management and training issue - as it really seems to be the culture of the establishment.
5	Wifey and I have been dining here for 4 years now, and we really like it. Its too spicy for some, and we have tried nearly everything on their menu, with only one or two disappointments. Price is right, the salsa and chips are great, decor is funky and colorful, service is just OK sometimes. Best stuff on the menu- White sands Chimichanga is great! The Fundido cheese appetizer is fantastic as well. Chili Colorado is spicy and one of my favorites, as well as the Grande Nachos. Breakfast on weekends only is a killer bargain, and the New Mexican eggs benedict is a winner! Very, very cheap as well. I am not sure why this place has received such mediocre reviews, as its not generic & boring Mexican food such as Macayo's, Garduno's, Manuel's, or Garcias!
4	I love this restaurant. Really great food and a fun environment. Of course, I'm not super picky when it comes to mexican food but still, it's one of the tastiest I've had. We often meet friends at Arriba's to hang out, eat & have fun. Great place for groups.
4	If you like your food spicy, you will like Arriba!  I know it is a chain, but it is a local chain, and they are very consistent!  They have the best spinach enchiladas around....they are amazing!  I also love that they give you bean dip and two different kinds of salsas with your chips.The menu has pictures of everything, which makes it very hard to choose, but I usually stick to a few of my favorites.  They also have really good lunch deals like Taco Tuesday (99 cent tacos) and Chicken Chimichanga Thursdays (just $1.99).  The food is always hot and fresh, and they have good beans...which is always a benchmark for me!
5	I am a huge fan of Arriba Mexican Grill! If you like spicy this is the place for you!When your seated they give you some of the best made fresh daily chips with 3 different types of dip (a spicy bean, a mild and a hot salsa). They have a great margarita selection ( the prickly pear is great as is the mango!) Now down to the food! They have a great selection of lunch specials that are pretty cheap (from 6.99  - 10.99) and have decent sized protons. They are served Monday through Friday from 11am - 4pm! The dinner protons are huge! And they have a huge menu! My favorite things there are the queso fundido (a great cheese dip, spicy but good!) the Poco Pollo Con Queso is to die for, as are the white sands chimichangas. I find the white sands to be a little spicy for me sometimes, so I usually switch out the spicy pork for the machaca or chicken. It's not only a great place for a family to dine, but it's also a great place to go and hang with friends.
2	I will start off telling you I'm a chef, so I expect good food, and I know when food is prepared properly. I am very critical of freshness. I'm used to cooking at home with freshly prepared everything so when I go out, I want something better than I could have made myself. This fell short in many ways. For example, the fresh tomato salsa served with my fajitas was spent. The flavors were all muted and the tomatoes had been chopped at least a day ago, possibly more. You could see they were dark, and breaking down into mush. The fajita meat had a good grilled flavor, but dry and overcooked. I ordered them with chiles for an extra dollar expecting to have them on the sizzling plate with my fajita meat, especially since they advertise their fresh roasted Hatch chiles on site, but instead they were brought a few minutes later after my meal was served, in a separate dish, cold, mushy, looking like they just came out of a can. I asked for fresh lime to squeeze over my meat and overcooked onions, and got brown dry, lime wheels served on the side of my margarita glass instead. And the margaritas! Okay the first one was .99 cents so I'm not going to complain. But the next one was a very large overpriced one that just tasted like watered down cheap margarita mix. My rice was precooked, dry and old, and way too salty. My husband's chimichanga was basically a big burrito covered in some massive amount of sauce, but it was not deep fried as I thought a chimichanga is supposed to be. Or if it was, it wasn't cooked enough because it was mushy. My kids cheese crisp was... lame. My other kid's mini chimis looked appetizing and he liked them, but they ruined the dish by putting this brightly artificially colored red mini tostada bowl on the plate filled with sour cream that had been sitting in the refrigerator either uncovered, or at the wrong temperature because it had a yellowish brown layer of old cream on the top that was just gross. Apparently they make those up ahead of time too with no quality control. Also it was very hot inside the restaurant which worried me about the safety and sanitation of the kitchen. I agree with others that the service was friendly, when they were actually there. I think it's a bit overpriced, for the quality. We spent $115 with tip, but that was two margaritas and one desert, 3 entrees, one app, one kids meal. I'd rather of had Taco Bell. And the chips were no big deal. If you've made chips at home and experienced what they taste like you would never want restaurant ones again. The texture, freshness, flavor can't be beat. I know what you are all thinking. Stay home then and cook. I usually do for just this reason. Oh and one more thing. The apple sopapilla desert was terrible. The pastry dough was chewy, and lacked salt. Tasted like chewy dish rag.
2	A huge disappointment? Why? Their prices are very high considering the place is just "ordinary" and no different than a neighborhood mexican restaurant.Their roasted chilis are "passable". They werent as HOT as i hoped they would be. I could get better quality at Food City.Since they advertise on TV, i expected more..............not knowing that we will end up feeling like we just ate our usual mexican food at our usual mexican diner.A lot of marketing hype.................so maybe that is why the prices are high...........to cover the huge costs of TV commercials. Not worth it.A HUGE disappointment. Dont wanna go back. If i want to spend good money i would rather spend it on food that isnt just bordering on ORDINARY,
2	I am boycotting Arriba's.Why the two star review?  I love the food and the attention to flavor in all of their dishes.   The Food:  * * * * (four stars)The Abiance -* -* (negative two stars... yes, the ambiance is that bad after the closure of the patio)Why am I boycotting Arriba's?  I need to yell, so pardon the ALL CAPS . MEXICAN FOOD IN THE PHOENIX AREA IS DESERVING OF A FREAKING PATIO DURING THE WINTER SEASON!They had an awesome patio on which my wife and I would sit on two to three times per week, drink margaritas, I'd have my chile verde burrito with charro beans and just sit there in Sonoran heaven.BUT THE FREAKING BONEHEADS ENCLOSED THE PATIO!THE INTERIOR OF THE RESTAURANT IS DARK, REEKS OF DIRTY MOP WATER AND IS DANK!!!!The patio was the best thing, besides the food, that Arriba's had going for it because it was relaxing, awesome for a leisurely early evening dinner and for post-meal cocktails.I haven't been back since after I discovered that they enclosed the patio.  :-( :-( :-(ROOKIE MOVE, guys. :-( :-(
2	Just an update to my earlier review ... had dinner at Arriba's on Christmas Day (one of the few places that was open!) ... it was crowded and busy ... not too long of a wait for a table ... the food was very decent, very spicy, no complaints at all about the food ... and the service was better than I've experienced there before (I think it was due to table location), but still have issue with ambiance, and lack of upbeat attitude amongst the employees (although my server was just fine - the hostess staff was working with a chip on their shoulders!).
1	This was my second visit to Arriba's and believe me, it wasn't my choice. I spent the first 26 years of my life in Southern New Mexico and I miss the food like CRAZY, especially green chile. When you walk into Arriba's it's New Mexico this and New Mexico that and the dishes are named after cities and landmarks in the state.When we told the waitress that in New Mexico green chile sauce doesn't have pork in it she said, "Well, we say that but it's not *really* New Mexican" and walked off. What?!?!The first time there we mentioned this to a Manager and got the same exact reaction. I also asked if I could get a side of plain green chile and was told no. Both times we were being super nice and just trying to start a friendly conversation, had these interactions been better this review wouldn't be here.I'm far from being a vegetarian, I don't eat pork or beef because I don't like it. Also, I didn't ask about the red chile sauce because I'm not a fan, maybe it's porkless and amazing but I can't speak for that...I ordered the Santa Fe Chicken salad.  Iceberg lettuce, slimy greens, cooked onions and bell peppers, mushy tomatoes, half melted greasy cheese clumps and very dry chicken piled on a shell... yuck. If it wasn't for the delicious fresh chips, guacamole and two 99cent happy hour margaritas I would've been VERY unhappy.  I definitely won't ever be back and this time I mean it.
3	I was up in N. Scottsdale today which is quite a trek from the far SE valley, however, I had to run an errand and always look forward to having an excuse to get out of Gilbert.  I've dined at the San Tan Village location which is fairly new and I wasn't overly impressed, but I really enjoyed frequenting this location when I lived and worked in this area from 1999-2002.Anyway, someone else mentioned that the patio is now enclosed which I did not notice.  We were escorted to a booth in the back of the restaurant near the bar area.  I couldn't help but notice the five BMW's and three Escalades lined up in the parking lot....Toto, I guess we're not in Kansas anymore!  Not that the SE valley is "the hood" but it's certainly a different demographic.  So, I digress....I do like the atmosphere at this Arriba as it feels more festive and somewhat livelier than similar restaurants.  And, I LOVE the picture menu and the chips/salsas/bean dip seriously rocks!As I've stated in many of my previous reviews, I'm extremely price conscious (kindof nazi-ish) since my disposable income has been reduced by about 60% in the last year.  So, I immediately notice that the prices are really HIGH for your "run of the mill" mexican fare.  Since it's Sunday, there are no lunch specials and almost everything (with the exception of appetizers) is at least $10 or more.  I opt for the Chicken Tostada (see pics) with rice and charro beans.  At $8.59 it's a fair price and was surprisingly really tasty and filling.  My dining companion is more in the mood for a snack, so he orders the Mini Beef Chimis with jalepeno (I think) cream cheese and sour cream.  Here is where I really  need to rant.  THEY CHARGED AN EXTRA $1.99 FOR A TINY SCOOP OF SOUR CREAM - WTH?.  Yes, I know that I sound like a cheap a**, however, the waiter asked if he wanted sour cream and completely made it sound like it was included in the price.  SCAM!!!  It came right off his tip, I'm sorry to say.  It's not like I'm going to miss $2, it's just the basic principle that some restaurants are trying to make an extra buck....it did not change the fact that I enjoyed my meal, but I will always remember Arriba for being so freakin' cheap.   And now, I'm having a flashback to another dining experience at the San Tan location where I was charged $16.99 for a "double" margarita.  Anyway, I am looking forward to the day when price won't be such an issue, but for the time being I will continue to really dislike getting ripped off!
4	You like spicy? No seriously. Flavor, heat, fantastic!  The service left us flat, it was the bartender working a table routine. He forgot our appetizer, forgot our drink refill request... You would think after twice getting up walking across the bar to request what he already forgot to bring us would have embarrassed him into better service, or not.The food was very good.  Even the bean dip and salsa they give you with the chips had some zip on it.  Normally the gratuitous salsa is pretty lame to appease the masses.  Here the masses must like it hot.If I ever get out to Phoenix again I'll be back, but I don't think I'll take a table in the bar area.
3	The food here was okay, but there are definitely places close by that are better for lunch in North Scottsdale. The server that we had was awesome though. He helped us with recommendations, answered all of our "first-time customer" questions and even helped me add extra heat to my meal with a small bowl of green chiles. I love my ridiculously hot food and those hit the spot when I added them to the salsa and my burrito. Their lunch specials are a little bit higher priced than I thought they would be. Considering that Los Olivos is next door, I would probably head there first, but if you're looking for a similar restaurant and you like guero-fied Mexican food, this might be a spot for you.
2	Who knew that Arriba brewed its own beer?  When I walked in, I immediately noticed a growler in a display case.  Looking around a bit more, I found a room with steel tanks and brewing equipment.  Arriba offers 3 homemade brews.  I had the Pilsner and it was so-so - not worth taking a growler home.  Still, I'm intrigued enough that I *might* go back just to try the other two.The food is okay.  At least the place is kid friendly.  It's hard to go wrong with quesadillas and the kid's menu has several options that appeal to children.I like spicy food but didn't find that here.  Even the "spicy" salsa failed to live up to its name.
3	Service here last night was a little on the slow side - and the place was half empty at 7pm. However, the food is very good. I also love how their menu includes photos of every plate. They roast hatch chilies and brew their own beer here. The decor is like an over the top Mexican fiesta.
2	I have always loved this restaurant, but have had to stop going to it because my last 3-4 experiences were not very good ones.The last time we were there I ordered a chicken chimichanga and they brought me what was either fish or undercooked chicken. I took one bite and then looked at it and it was pink. Chicken obviously isn't supposed to be pink. I sent it back and got another one and it was ok, but still not all that tasty.The time before that my pollo fundido had cinnamon on it as if it had been fried in old oil that had been used to fry a dessert or something. Not only did it taste disgusting, but I am allergic to cinnamon, and having it in my food obviously isn't a good thing.The time before that we had a fairly rude waiter.Not sure why I kept going back. I guess because I had always enjoyed their food before. I love their bean dip and salsa, but I just can't go back anymore. I'm bummed, truthfully.
3	My husband & I met our friends Matt & Brooke here for lunch yesterday afternoon, so we could give them a present since I missed her baby shower the week before. We met them there & the salsa/bean dip & chips were already on the table, they also ordered a side of guacamole. This was only my 2nd time here & the boys 1st so we had a hard time deciding. Brooke loves this place so she already knew what she wanted before we got there. We all liked how there were pics of each item on the menu. We finally decided; Nick ordered chicken tacos, Matt ordered a beef chimichanga, Brooke ordered beef & chicken enchiladas & I ordered the Arriba pollo con queso (a specialty item). We all enjoyed our meals, except for Matt. His chimichanga had ground beef in it. I told him he should have got shredded, it's so much better!Service was a bit on the slow side, which seemed odd for the place being practically empty on a Sunday around 3pm. But our server was nice & he always made sure to refill our drinks. Our total (plus tip) came to an even $80, not too bad but a little steep for lunch. Overall, we'd come back. Curious to try their beer that they brew right there in the restaurant & the desserts looked tasty as well.
3	Service is really good at this restaurant but be careful when you order sides.  Every little side of guacamole or sour cream or extra lettuce and tomato will cost you.  I ordered the burrito lunch special which was $5.99.  The server asked me if I wanted guacamole and sour cream.  I said yes. When the bill came, I had been charged a dollar extra for each item.  My cheap burrito wasn't as cheap as I wanted it to be.  A dollar for a dollop of sour cream???  Give me a break...One of my coworkers ordered extra lettuce and tomato, got charged 50 cents!  Iced tea was pricey too, $2.50.  We also got the cheese fundido.  $8.00 for a little skillet with melted cheese and jalapenos.  The food was good but I think that a little warning of if you want extras, be prepared to pay extra $$$.There were three of us and we each paid $17.00 for lunch!  That's a bit much, Arriba Mexican Grill...
1	Where to start. I am still upset.  My husband and I usually avoid chains, but since we had the twins we are getting more intimate with some chains.  We were trying to find a new one since the other two we go to have been beaten to death.  With two year old twins choices are a little scary.  I went along and agreed to go to Arriba.  Last time we were there was 4 years ago and it was your typical mediocre fare, which is fine for a quick lunch during work week. First we order for the kids, the chicken fingers and what I thought would be strawberry smoothies.  What a surprise when I had a sip and realized it was a virgin strawberry daiquiri. I was giving my twins pink sugar water.  Not the end of the world.  I ordered some milk.  Then my husband and I were going to share the chicken fajita quesadilla.  The waiter, Omar, seemed fairly nice.  He came by a second time to verify if I wanted beef quesadilla, and I told him "No, I want chicken, no beef please".  Then he pushed for us to add the guacamole and sour cream, which I said fine to bring it with it and I repeated "chicken quesadilla". When it came the quesadilla looked like a sad greased soaked blanket.  My biggest surprise came when I took a bite and guess what I found? "Beef".  I had to spit it out and call Omar, I explained to him this was a beef quesadilla, he gave me this puzzled face and asked: You didn't want beef? I thought it was a joke, by that time the twins were getting rowdy and they had not touch the rock hard fried to death chicken fingers.  So I told him to take off the quesadilla and we would pay for everything else we didn't eat but had ordered.  Afterwards we called from the car and talked to the manager. He wanted to do "something for us", but I told my husband I didn't want to go back, so we didn't accept anything.  I guess CPK with the kids again.
3	I dig the food but not so much the prices. I really don't think you get what you pay for. I've been a lil dissappointed the last couple times I went, as the service was slow (which isn't necessarily the waiter/waitresses fault, could have been the kitchen) and my food wasn't exactly hot, but warm. The bean dip for the chips was cold and my food was mediocre.I've only been to this location and another in Ahwatukee and I'd say I've had better experiences at the -Tukee location overall. When we arrived to our seat the table was dirty and we asked if we could be reseated somewhere else, but the lady advised us to take a seat as she came back with a rag and wiped it down while we were there, and pieces of lettuce fell in my lap. Thanks lady, wasn't really looking to save those for my granish on my 'future' meal, just saying. There isn't too many Mexican food places, on this side of town, so when you're looking for a sit down this is one of few options, but it's a toss up at this point if I'll stick around or opt out for a meal here again.
5	There was a lot of food for $6.   Love the Hatch chiles. So good and I am stuffed!!!
4	Order the Margarita!  Just make sure that you don't have anything to do after.  Fresh chips, salsa, and spicy bean dip to start, nice and greasy mexican pizza with shredded beef to finish.  Had to go home and sleep after this one.  While it may not be the cheapest, the huge portions and stiff drinks will keep me coming back.
1	We are huge fans of this place. But I think the one on Camelback is the best location. Last time we ate here the service was terrible and you could tell it was completely understaffed for a Sunday morning. My wife ordered a bloody Mary that was horrible and didn't have more than two sips. And on top of it all of our orders came out wrong.Lastly, you could tell the staff was working their butts off and the manager on duty was standing around watching. In fact I saw someone dropped a fork on the floor and he stepped over it 4xs until the lady in a clown suit entertaining kids picked it up.So for the price and what we got it was a waste of time and money!
5	Yum yum yum! Mexican food has to me my favorite type of food and Arriba is for sure at the top of my list for Mexican restaurants! This is a New Mexican style restaurant with lots of hatch green chilies in their dishes. You can also buy them fresh from here by the pound during the month of August. I have eaten here probably 30+ times and they are always consistent. The chips are always fresh and warm  they serve two different salsas as well as bean dip. All three are the bomb! My favorite item on the menu is the whitesands chimichanga. Do not order this though if you can't handle spicy stuff. but if you are like me, the spicier the better, then go with this! Everyday they have good lunch specials. I like to go on Thurs because they have chimis for $1.99. For an extra dollar they will smother it with the white sands sauce. What a deal! And on Sunday they have kids day with a clown that makes animal balloons. And best of all, kids eat free! And if your a beer drinker they have a microbrewery too. I'm not a beer drinker though so I can't tell you how good it is. But the margaritas are on point!
3	I enjoy me some Mexican food. This may not be my favorite Mexican food place, but it's alright. The rice and beans are pretty good. I have had a few things from the menu and so far my favorite is the Pollo Fundido (it's called something crazy on the menu) and it's pretty tasty. Their lunch menu is great because the portions are just right and it's not that expensive, but it isn't really cheap. Overall, it's alright.
3	After finding myself in a 50 minute wait for sushi and hunger pains greater than I have ever experienced, I had to make a choice. So, it was to the generic Mexican restaurant.Arriba's has ok food, but somewhat slowish service. That actually didn't matter too much with friends and family around. The margeritas are just OK and someone in my party had to send his back several times because it was like lighter fluid. Yuck.I think next time I might wait in the 50 minute line, but you should definately try this place on for size. Hopefully, you will have a better experience.
3	I was a little wary about meeting a friend here after work because of the reviews, but I guess they are true to their word, Arriba's was A-OK. We were seated at around 4:45pm (on a Tues.) and there wasn't too many people in the restaurant. We were seated near the bar in a booth, and our server quickly brought us out some water and chips with salsa/bean dip. The chips and fixins were good. The menu is expansive and between that and chatting with my friend, I didn't really have time to look at it. But I went with my friends recommendation and had the white sands enchilada with chicken and a 99cent margarita. The food came out quickly and hot, and it was really good. I'll most likely be back....sometime
3	Visit on Tuesdays or Thursdays for Tacos and Chimis (respectively)
5	Arriba Mexican Grill is consistently good. The weekday specials make it even better. You can't beat Taco Tuesday where regular ground beef tacos are only 99 cents. Chicken Chimichangas on Thursdays are another delicious deal at just $2.99 each. Chips, salsa, and bean dip come as soon as you sit down. The staff is friendly and fast.If you do choose to order from the menu, there's plenty to choose from. The prices are a bit high but the meals I have had were all worth it. Do note that most sides also cost extra, which again can add up. Just be aware of this and decide if you are REALLY gonna eat that beans and rice, eh?
1	My boyfriend and I have always been fans of Arriba but they drove us away as customers. We hadn't been back for a few months because of how bad our service had been but the food and drink was usually worth it. Let me tell you that is now sub-par as well, aside from the Margarita that was for 2 and fairly priced, the waitress didn't card us and proceeded to call us Kid's/Kiddo's the remainder of our visit. I work in the restaurant industry and would NEVER serve Kid's or Kiddo's a Margarita for two. Also no waters were given to us until requested. I ordered the Carne Asada and it came out looking good, until I started actually eating it, the carne was piled on top of a HUGE slab of red cabbage, gross. The waitress asked my boyfriend if he wanted Guacamole and Sour Cream making it sound like it was included in his meal so he said sure, the bill came and $1.99 for sour cream, and $2.50 for guacamole.... Holy hell they don't even give you more than 3 tablespoons of the stuff. Concern for the customers wallet is not there and we just had her pay for it with her tip, I don't think I've ever done that to anyone before. I do not recommend this place to ANYONE, unless you're just going for drinks and some chips and salsa other than that avoid this place entirely if you enjoy good service, friendly atmosphere, and good food.
1	Ended up spending $40 on a margarita, three beers, and one entree during happy hour. (I still tipped, the waiter was friendly and it's not his fault everything but the Corona tasted like a sweaty butt crack).The dark bock microbrew tastes like bitter, cheap sake and smelled like margarita mix. The regular margaritas taste like corn syrup and wetnaps. The food was average and way overpriced. The red sauce tastes like spicy, water potting soil. I ate some of my sister's food as I didn't even order anything because they were charging $16 for a freaking chicken fajita. But the worst thing was the swarm of flies buzzing around our table on the newly-enclosed patio. I was swatting the air like a schizophrenic hobo.
1	Cultureless chain restaurant with bland food. Employees are more interested in flirting with each other at the host stand than to acknowledge you when you walk in or walk out.
3	Poor service. Don't care attitude. Food so so...
1	This restaurant is expensive with poor food and service. Not very clean and not very cool. They ripped me off on the guacamole and the sour cream  Both were 5.00 offered with the dish, the up charge was not disclosed.
3	Place is going downhill.  For years I've been coming here I've noticed a degradation in service within the general dining area to the point that I usually sit in the bar area as the people there seem to get service.   Until today.  Example from today. service  here was very poor. Ignored our request of seating, make it seem like it's an imposition when we mention it. It's ok we can wait.  Then server forget the beer till food arrived,then forget the hatch side for a while leaving me  an under fired meal for most of it, yeah I like it going cold.Many of us used to go here for lunch as I work nearby but the place is practically impossible to get a group to now as one of the checks isn't right or an order is missed.  It's food has been consistently good and since I am a heat junkie it's the nearest New Mex place to my work an obvious choice.  A choice that's getting harder to justify with days like this.
1	A Robert Irvine attitude adjustment for the wait staff and kitchen help needed immediately!! I was so excited to bring my boyfriend here as Arriba caters for the company I work for and the food had been great. When we arrived we were asked to sit in the cantina area. While it was colorful and inviting, the service and food was dreadful. First, let me start by saying it took 15 minutes to get our appetizer. We ordered the queso and upon arrival it was cold and the layer of cheese had already started to crust. While we were eating out appetizer, the waitress finally decided to take our food order. It took another 30 minutes to get our food. I had the carnitas. The meat was burned to a crisp. The waitress did, after 25 minutes, inform us that the kitchen was backed up. We counted less then 6 tables. Hmmm .. maybe she forgot the order and had to hit the RAIL button.Now, let me take a step back and mention that it took our waitress quite some time to get our drink order (water and sprite). I asked for a straw (I just started invisalign and my teeth are a bit sensitive) and she never brought one. I am glad it provided my boyfriend a chivalrous moment to hand over his straw. Hopefully I can figure out a way to attach a photo, but the entire time we were dining we had the pleasure of looking at four tables that had not been cleaned. We should have got the hint to leave when the table in front of us got up and left a full meal.As the meal came to an end, the manager did stop by and ask us how everything was. We did mention the delay in getting our food (we didn't mention the burned food although we probably should have), and so he felt obligated to comp a portion of our food. He 'graciously' provided us with the employee discount. Instead of a $47 check it was $39. Thanks buddy! Needless to say, we wont be going back.
2	Ok well first off we walked in with a party of two , there was a huge line an the server said it was a 45 minute wait so we asked to sit at the bar witch we did an on the way noticed the  restaurant was pretty much empty an the bar was full ! The bartender was great her name was Jennifer an she made excellent drinks ! On the other hand food was way to expensive an extremely way to spicy to the point I didn't eat ! Also there was no silverware an no napkins anywhere to be found :/ not to mention all of the servers stood around an talked to one another ! We will not be going back :(
1	I used to eat at this restaurant all the time. The food went from decent New Mexican style cuisine to ill-cooked meals that taste like salty cheese. I stopped going months ago and won't return. Not sure what happened and it's a shame!I agree with the other posters that say the service has gone downhill too. I once asked 3 times for a drink refill and never got it till after I paid.
3	There are so many choices for Mexican food in our neighborhood.  We've passed by this place more than once and finally decided to stop by and give it a try.  There is a lot of influence from New Mexico here and it's evident by the use of Hatch Chile in many of the menu items.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/y2e1DgIUBlERep7hrKz2-w?select=jR0gwZgN7GK1O0Spel1N_gAfter browsing the menu, we ordered:Hatch Chile Cheese Crisp (Fried Tortilla topped w/melted Cheese & Hatch Chile)White Sands Chimichanga (Spicy Pork Green Chile covered w/Queso Fundido)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/y2e1DgIUBlERep7hrKz2-w?select=Ev2eduloh_wsuBGoRq9xDQThe Hatch Chile Cheese Crisp was pretty good, but the Tortilla wasn't cooked all the way and was still soft....not crispy as it should be.The White Sands Chimichanga was simply awesome!  The Queso Fundido made this dish taste soooo good.The service was pretty good.  They have craft beer on tap and I wanted to sample some before I decided....the server brought out a few tasting glasses for me to try.  I thought that was cool.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/y2e1DgIUBlERep7hrKz2-w?select=8pgTu034N-xFslG8NGjn7wOverall, it was a decent experience.  I wasn't blown away by the food, but it is definitely worth coming back to try other items on the menu.Return Factor - 80%
5	I saw the reviews of this Arribas and thought to myself, "Are these people talking about the same Arribas I went to last night?" I went there, and had an awesome time! Service was prompt, and if something was off, our server Jeff (who was amazing) explained why something happened, but didn't blame anyone, and didn't use server jargon. I do understand the jargon, but it was nice for someone to not have to resort to it. Warm chips and salsas + warm bean dip came out = awesome and the spicy salsa was calling my name. It burned, but I loved it. I ordered the Rio Grande enchiladas with the carne abodoba, and ordered it extra spicy. (Of course, I would) I was with my girl (and she likes strawberry margaritas) so we split the house margarita for 2, frozen with sugar of course. I'm not a huge margarita person, but it was really good. She ordered the cheese enchiladas. (She takes safe choices when we go eat) -more on the margaritas in a min- Food come out and seriously, it was some of the best spanish/mexican I've had in a while. Its good to see an establishment take risks with seasoning their food. It was fresh! Which is hard to find these days and I'm pretty sure the people who own Arribas own a hatch chile farm because I rarely saw anything about jalapenos or serranos or even habaneros. Which is cool. Those hatch chiles are slanged around that place like coke in studio 54 in the 70's. I'm not kidding, when you order your entree and they ask you what kind of beans you want. Black, pinto, or the 3rd kind that is a combo of black/pinto with some onion, tomatoes, and of course, what's that? Hatch chiles! I highly recommend them. I liked how Arribas uses the hatch chiles. It sets them apart. It brought the heat!After dinner, I ordered another margarita...This time, I asked Jeff of a recommendation. Why do I do this? Because the people that work at any restaurant know the food/drinks there more than you will ever know. 'Nuff said. He brought out some margarita I don't even know the name. It kicked my ass, thank god my girl was driving home, that's all I'm going to say. Thanks!That's why this place gets 5 stars. It deserves it in my opinion.I think because this place takes chances with seasoning and overall outlook is why so many people might be unhappy with Arribas or this location in general. I on the other hand PROMOTE this thought process. I don't want food that's bland that a place kicks off the line to the people outside than enjoy bland food. That makes for a BLAND place that's filled with, well, bland people. This place uses heat, salt, pepper, and other spices that I don't know of. What a freaking great idea! Too hot for you? Then don't eat food that is 99% based on heat.I will surely be going back, and I won't have a bad time.
3	While Arriba Mexican Grill may be exclusive to Arizona, it's desire to be a major chain may be what keeps it average.  In an area that has an abundance of Mexican establishments (both on the low and high end), very little about Arriba stands out in the crowd.The several odd things about the restaurant stick out like sore thumb.  What's with the New Mexico theme?  Having only driven through the state, I'm not sure if New Mexican has its own culinary style.  I always just assumed that like many other southwest states, New Mexico just fit into Tex-Mex.  The menu being exclusively pictures is a turn off.  Makes me feel like I'm at an Ihop or Denny's.  And having the descriptions in a small white text over a black background in a dim room made it very hard to read.  They also seated patrons near the bar, and left the main dining section fairly empty.  I don't know if they were short staffed, but I notice as I was leaving that there was a wait, even though I was able to see that the dining room had several empty tables.The service was excellent.  The waiter was friendly and our drinks were constantly refilled.  The ambiance isn't bad.  We were seated next to an open sliding door which showed off an outdoor water fall/pond setup.  Chips and salsa were at the the table immediately.  The spicy was wonderful.  The mild was okay.  The bean dip was awful.  The food was also pretty good.  While it tries to be different, it doesn't seem to stand out.
3	This place is OK. It is a cross between Mexican fast food and a restaurant. The food is a little above average but I think costs a little too much. I would think with the volume of customers they have they could do better in both categories. My only real complaint is that the waitress asked "sour cream and guacamole on the side". This made it sound like it was included but just being placed on the side, as opposed to the top of the food. When the bill came it was $1.00 for the sour cream and $1.25 for the guacamole.
4	Only a Mexican food snob would undrmine such a great Traditional restaurant (and believe me we have plenty of those here in Arizona). This is old school Mexican food folks and it's about as good as it gets. The atmosphere is classic and I personally enjoyed it but it is not upscale  but then again Mexican food normally isn't. It's simple and that's what Arriba's is. If Arriba's were located in any Eastern state it would easily be the best in the entire state. The beans were great the salsa was delicious and the service was fast.
2	Do you believe in the hereafter?Well not anymore.Because whatever it is you came hereafter, you're not going to find it.Why?This is the Denny's of Mexican Food.Look around.Notice anything?Like how there's no Mexican's anywhere in sight?That's never a good sign.Folks, when you can't even get a Mexican to eat here, you might as well be selling roadkill.
3	Was at a event at Westworld and we drove around looking for a place to eat and came here about 8pm on a Saturday.  Not a lot of people inside, especially for a Saturday but we were hungry.  When the waitress came over she was very nice and chatty.  She took our orders and repeated everything back to assure she got it right, that's a good thing!Problem is than we waited and waited for our drinks and chips & salsa.  I am use to getting chips & salsa as soon as you sit down not 15 minutes after you have seated and ordered.  When we saw her come out with our drinks and chips she first went to another table and chatted for a little than came over and dropped off our stuff.  I figured she could have dropped our stuff off than chatted with the other customers.When our food came, it was good.  Nothing spectacular.  I had just truck tacos and got lots of steak with it.  My mom got hard taco and enchilada and enjoyed hers.  We also ordered mini apple chimi with ice cream.  I think that was the best of the meal.If I come back to this area may try out other restaurants before I make another visit.  Fun to try new places and see what another city has to offer!
1	I visited a networking group that met for breakfast. The place was empty yet we were set up against the window which was tight & uncomfortable to get around. The staff was not attentive. Seemed put off that they had to be there so early. Waitress didn't know who got what meal. The food was good. I wanted ice water & got hot.
3	I'm amazed at how bad the reviews are. The food is good and the prices aren't bad, plus, Sunday night kids eat free. The down side is how bad the service is. Every time I go in there it takes way too long for everything from getting chips all the way to getting the bill. The food is good, way above average. They actually have some spicy food, which very few restaurants seem to do anymore. We eat here quite a bit, it would be a solid 4 star if the service wasn't so bad.
1	I posted a quick tip while I was there today but for some reason that doesn't show up on the Yelp website. WTF? Any how.. I kindly asked the bartender if she could put the golf on the TV today.. seeing as how we were the only people at the bar I figured this would not be an issue. It turns out all TV's in the entire restaurant are controlled by 1 DirectTV box and it was "first come first served" when it came to the channel that was on. She asked her fellow employees if anyone was watching the basketball game and 3 waiters responded "yes". It turns out it was the wait staff that was watching the game rather than catering to their customers and she said she couldn't change it. This is not the first time I have had HORRIBLE customer service at this place. It's a shame too because I like their crappy Mexican food and home brewed beer but with attitudes like that it's no wonder they have only 2 1/2 stars. How do you turn away customers and money just because the lazy ass wait staff wants to watch basketball? Never ever will go there again. P.S. Why does the logo show a chili that's farting? Might want to hire a real graphic designer like myself next time.
1	For starters, I was ignored upon entering the restaurant and standing (alone) in front of the hostess stand while the 2 kids working kept talking and doing god knows what.  I finally said, "Can I get a table?"  They said, Oh, I thought you were waiting for someone.  I guess I'm not allowed to eat a restaurant alone??After 14 minutes of sitting and getting more frustrated, I stopped one of the 40 employees that had walked by my table ignoring me, if I could get some chips and salsa and a waiter.  A guy came (and seemed super annoyed) and dropped off a bean dip and mild salsa with chips.  I asked for hot salsa (as they normally bring you that) and he said, "you want hotter than this?"  (it was mild, and I guess being a white girl they assume I want tomato sauce? wtf??)  I ignored it and ordered a sampler plate which was to have a taquito, mini chimi, mini taco, and a green tamale.  It took 35 minutes more just to get that and the place was DEAD.  I was so annoyed.  When the food arrived it was NASTY.  The tamale had been microwaved until it was hard and one of the ends was crunchy.  The taquito was covered in brown guacamole.  Yes, BROWN.  The mini taco appeared to have a bean/meat mixture.  The only thing edible was the mini chimi, and it was like the kind you get in the frozen food section at Fry's.  I was so disgusted and tried to get the attention of someone, anyone.  I finally asked the hostess to get me someone and that's when my waiter came and said, "You wanted the check?  Here's your check."   I wanted to punch the dude, but I'm not a violent person.  Ok, maybe I am, but I know my bounds.  I figured it was a fruitless effort to waste time explaining how bad they suck.  Because all of them suck and they wouldn't have comprehended it.  So, I paid my $16 bill and left.  For the last time.  I will NEVER go back to that sorry excuse for a restaurant!!!!!
2	TERRIBLE service from beginning to end. Bad hosts, bad server. It sucks. But the food is ALWAYS amazing. I would deal with shitty service for their awesome food.
1	$5.25 for one 12oz can of tecate beer.
2	Amazingly inconsistent!! Not the food, not the prices.... THE SERVICE runs so hot and cold it can be embarrassing. Last week wife and I had a GREAT waitress. Two days later I took a party of 6 there from work. It was 1pm when we walked in. Restaurant 25% full. HORRIBLE attention to our group, SLOW everything: chips/salsa, water refreshes.... The waiter had MASSIVE social time with other wait staff.----What a shame. Camelback store does NOT have this problem. ----Over the years I've watched this service component go from good to crap. Guess there's no hope. Goodbye Scottsdale Arriba's.
1	One would think living so close to Mexico that allll the Mexican food would be good. WRONG!  DO NOT GO HERE!!! My friend and I ordered 2 Cabo Wabo Margaritas.  The first round was decent but the 2nd round tasted like a nasty $2 house mix.  I brought it to the waiter's attention that there was a large stash of salt at the bottom of my drink.  Which I found odd that there was zero salt on the rim.  He took the drink back and sure enough attempt #2 was yellow, tasted like a mix and once again had a large pile of salt on the bottom with none on the rim.  In speaking again to the waiter he assured me that it would be right the 3rd time and it was a learning lesson for the bartender since they were new.  I stated that it was fine and I really didn't want the drink.  He then brings back the same thing.  My friends drink was just as bad.The highlight was that when getting our bill all drinks were left on the bill.  My full $10 nasty drink was left, in which was wrong and I didn't want.I will never return to this restaurant, not that it was my pick in the first place.  It is overpriced for what you get with bad service that does not care about the customer.
1	The only way I would ever eat here again is if..... 1. Every restaurant in the world has closed except Arriba 2. I died and was reincarnated with no taste buds 3. I'd just smoked some chronic and had already finished off all the moldy stuff in my fridge 4. I was a rat. 5. I was a cockroach. 5a. I was a  rat who'd eaten a cockroach and wanted to get the taste out of its        mouth. 6. I was King or Emperor or something, wielding enough power to have the head chef tortured if he fucked up my meal. 7. Roadkill no longer existed. 8. There was a nuclear holocaust and for some strange reason, this was the only     place left standing. 9. I'd just been released from a mental hospital.10. My in-laws were visiting from the east coast and wanted to 'try some really good Mexican'.11. I lost a bet.12. I needed to get out going to church, blaming  'food poisoning' as the culprit.13. I'd just landed the role of surly waiter in a major Hollywood film, and needed to       practice the part by understudying the real thing.14. I was into philanthropy and accustomed to the idea of throwing money away.15. I was on my deathbed, and my family refused to honor my living will by not      pulling the plug on me. I'd ask them to take me here for one more meal where I'd      die on the spot.My waiter was a major sphincter, telling us about the happy hour Margarita for 4.99 when a moment later, he informed the couple in the next booth of their 'famous' 99 cent margarita. I want my four bucks back.When I ordered the taco salad for 9.99, trying to be helpful, he suggested I order the salad on the next page..the one for 11.99. I did. It came with cold chicken tasting as though it had been boiled. The lettuce was layered with gobs of sour cream and featured rust spots. I ate about two bites before sending it back. Arriba, between its sphinct-o-waiter and the god-awful, overpriced food, was so bad, if I had to compare it with shit, shit would win.  Even some rare form of shit only found on the bottom of the ocean, left there by some deep sea creature who's never been photographed. Please tell all your snowbird friends about this place.
1	Bad choice for a Saturday lunch.  For some reason, we were seated in the bar. No big deal I guess. Server  was not friendly about how she informed us that the cheaper priced margaritas were a pre mix....we wanted a margarita but it was just the way it was presented that made us stick to water. It took forever to get our food. One burrito and a grilled chicken salad. I'm pretty sure she forgot to turn our order in. The part that really ticked me off is that she made no mention of the delta until she brought the check. Service was lousy. I also blame their management for poor training. Food was ok.... Too many Mexican food choices to say that I will be back.
4	After reading the previous reviews I had to check it out myself.  I was craving Mexican and this was close by.  I was skeptical. I walked in and was greeted promptly and I sat at the bar, as I was dining alone.  Was served chips, salsa and bean dip, complimentary.   Both were great!Food was really good.  Service was amazing.  Dominic, the manager, personally introduced himself to me and made sure I was satisfied.  Hillary the bartender took good care of me since I was dining alone. She made sure that I got plenty of attention, and took her time to explain some of their dishes to me.I had the enchiladas and they were amazing.  The house margarita is 24 ounces and only $6!  Very tasty and hit the spot to cool off my mouth from the spicy sauce on my enchiladas.  I would bring friends and family here anytime.  Pork green chili is soooo good!!! Yum!!!I recommend giving it a try.  Sounds like they are under new management and I am literally shocked at the difference I experienced vs the previous reviews.
5	I love Arribas and never had an issue here. Love the fact you get Spicy bean dip with your chips.
2	Went here thinking we could get cheap yummy mexican. The only thing that was cheap was the quality of the food. Same prices as the other Mexican restaurants I like much better. Drive to Ajo Als,or El Encanto instead.
2	We went here because we were looking for another restaurant and couldn't find it. The parking was a little weird. We accidentally got on the highway trying get into the parking lot.To start, the hostess a flat out cunt. I honestly think calling her a bitch would be giving her credit.The server didn't arrive at the table for close to five minutes. The complimentary chips and salsa/dip didn't arrive until after he took our order for nachos. He recommended we try the new New Mexico Red Chili sauce on our food with chopped chilies if we like spicy food. We took the bait. I'll admit, the niceness of the server almost redeemed the cunt hostess.The food was bland, however spicy and not bad, but not good either. We drove way out of way to find a restaurant we couldn't find and ended up here instead. Needless to say we won't be returning. The cunt at the front door and the food left a bad taste in my mouth. The server is the only reason I give Arriba a second star.
1	I arrived at 9:10PM last night (4/24/13) with my husband.  There were 3 cars in the very dark parking lot.  We then went inside and waited and waited.  We saw a young man in the back and then he disappeared never looking our way. After several minutes of waiting, we left. Why state you're open until 10PM, if there isn't any one up front to seat you at 9:10PM?
2	Arriba's was not as good as they used to be, apparently the original owner passed away and its under new ownership. Won't be coming back here again.
4	How can you not enjoy an Arriba happy hour? 5PM-7PM weekdays if I am not mistaken including $1 margaritas and half price appetizers. That's right! $1 margaritas! They are delicious and completely make up for the pretty sad apps. Love it!
2	Just okay.Stopped by for their reverse happy hour.Salsa was good. Kind of spicy for mild which I liked.Disappointed that the bean dip AND the queso had chorizo. We split the Mexican pizza subbing the meat for beans. Greasy but satisfying. It's good if you put tons of salsa on it. About halfway through eating it however, I detected something meaty in their beans. Now, I am not a super strict vegetarian. I will eat refried beans at most Mexican places as long as there is not an overwhelming lard or meaty taste. (On a side note though- I feel it is completely unnecessary to use lard or meat products in beans. My favorite Mexican food place- Mi Pueblo- makes excellent beans with no lard. When beans are a vegetarian staple, why would a restaurant be inconsiderate and make it non-vegetarian? Okay- end rant.) So back to Arriba's beans... It tasted something a bit porkish. It kind of killed my appetite so I was done after two pieces.My husband also ordered pork taquitos which he was underwhelmed by. Although a big chorizo fan, he said the queso it came with wasn't great.Our server was good. Charming and accommodating.But what really turned me off was the bill. My husband didn't tell me until we were in the car, so I didn't have a chance to fight it. $31 total. Hmmmm... happy hour prices on the Mexican pizza should have been $8 and $3. On top of that a draft Bud Light (also on special) and a Corona. $31 does NOT make sense. Our server didn't seem so charming and accommodating anymore. Yeah, so we won't be back. Way too many good Mexican places to bother with Arriba.
5	So I go in two weeks ago and had some New Mexico potato pancakes. Served with pulled pork and avocado. Man I tell ya, I was chair dancing, it was sooo good. It's only on the weekend brunch menu. It needs to be on the regular menu. So as promised by manager Francisco, he would make it for me any time I came in. So in I go this morning, found out Francisco was working, and yes, I ordered the New Mexico potato pancakes and again, absolutely fantastic! Thanks to Francisco and his excellent staff. Very friendly!! I'll be back!
2	I need to preface this review by stating I am from Southern California and I am used to a very specific type of Mexican food. Namely, GREAT Mexican food.I came here recently with colleagues and we were a large party. The staff took very good care of us considering it was such a big group and I definitely give them kudos for that.The food was definitely not was I was hoping for. The bacon wrapped shrimpo were pretytyy good, but my chicken was smothered in salsa con queso that could have been Tostitos out of a jar. It did little to offset the dry chicken breast I was served. My side of black beans was ok, the rice was ok, but overall I left hungry.
2	I've eaten here 5 times or so, the last few times because friends picked it and I went along. The last visit was because we decided to give it a try. The food is okay, and the Margaritas are surprisingly inconsistent - sometimes great, sometimes tasting of strong sours mix.I really wish hygiene were more of a priority. On my last visit, we were greeted by a courteous young lady who sat us down at a booth. That booth, however, had sticky seats and table. And it wasn't the type of stickiness that comes from forgetting to clean a table... nay, it was that stickiness of a table, seat and menus diligently wiped down with a dubious rag, thus homogenizing the film of subtle but persistent stick factor over all these things. Perhaps I was being too squeamish. I wanted to like this place, to reassure myself that it was still okay to eat here: I put the menu down and picked up the plates in the table setting to inspect them... and there was stickiness on those too, along with dried food stuck on one of them. At that point, my wife and I decided to not eat here, and started heading out. The hostess asked us why we wouldn't stay and I discreetly told her and showed her. She agreed that it was terrible and sought to make things better, even offered to give us a soft drink on the house to go, but we declined and thanked her.Since I am the king of not letting go, I will probably give Arriba's another try in the future. I urge you to give them another chance as well, although it's hard to justify with so many interesting places to eat in the area.And sadly, I must say that the same pervasive stickiness was found in all my visits, but I kept overlooking it, and I kept coming back to meet up with friends. Well, now I suggest an alternate spot.This is a great location and a substantial investment. I really hope management turns this around... it could really be great, but it is such a missed opportunity.
2	House Margs are good cheap and big.  Just how I like my men.
1	I should've known something was up when I stuck to the floor walking to my table.Service was friendly but the best part of my meal was the Diet Coke. I got something with shrimp in hatch Chili cheese sauce. The shrimp tasted very old & both the shrimp & cheese tasted like they had been stored in a very dirty refrigerator.  I could actually taste the spoiled food & mold.  Hubby had a chicken burrito & was also suspicious  of the quality of the chicken. I took leftovers home for the sole purpose of sending them to the health department if I got sick. I will definitely avoid ever coming back here unless I drink enough alcohol to kill the bacteria I could taste in the food.
4	Well arribas is finally battling back. A couple of years ago sheriff Joe shut em down by taking all their cooks and wait staff and shipping them back to their homeland. The current staff is friendly and a quick.  Food is tasty and the Margaritas are cold and inexpensive.
3	Ok, so I decided to go against the general consensus of bad yelp reviews and give this place a shot. Sometimes people just have an isolated bad experience, plus I'm always on the look out for good Mexican restaurants. Long story short, I was wrong. Like in most reviews, the food is lacking authenticity and flavor. I would have given only two stars, but the great service made it three. The problem is not the waiters, I was just disappointed in the food... It was "meh" just ok.. I think they could do a lot better.
3	Margaritas and Nachos appetizers thats all we had and we enjoyed it  cant speak of much else quick service we did not have dinner i didnt think it was a place i would have dinnerbut apps and a cocktail A-OK
4	Love the bean dip with the chips and salsa. No one does that and I think it is devine.  The margaritas are great, if you get them on the rocks. I wasn't a fan of the frozen banana margarita.  It did not have a lot of flavor.The food is always good, always extremely hot, and always full of flavor.  I recommend you don't sit in the bar area.  It is noisy and you can hear every conversation going on in the kitchen (it would help if the staff were a tad more professional when they are in ear shot...I learned a few things about a few people there I didn't want to know).
3	This was meal one in my 3 day visit and AZ Mexican food tour. I had a lovely dinner with my brother, aunt and uncle at Arriba's.  I wasn't thrilled but here is the lowdown:Chips... 4 stars, they were crisp and warm good salsa and bean dip.Service  3 stars, the server was informative and friendly but she forgot my uncle's extra hot salsa and he didn't get it until 1/2 way through the meal.Food 2-4 stars, my green corn tamale was just okay, it was dry and lacked the "corny" flavor that I was after.  My uncle really enjoyed his Chile Decor.. 3 stars, nothing to write home about but okay.  I agree that it didn't seem very clean.If I have a choice I would choose a single store mom and pop in the future.
1	Horrible service, greasy food, orders always incorrect.   Go elsewhere!!
1	Horrible service. Horrible management. Bad experience overall. Started off with the server asking what we wanted to drink, interrupting us to lean over to his other table to ask if they wanted more beers. Came back with our drinks and slammed them on the table and walked away without a word. He took our order like he was in a rush and when he came with the food he again slammed our plates down and left without a word. He never checked on us and I had to get up and go to the bar to ask for more napkins. We asked for the check and after waiting a good amount of time the server came up to ask us at least twice what each of us had to eat then disappeared confused. He even went to the table next to us who had already paid and picked up their checks to look through it seeing if he gave them ours. He came by our table and grabbed my card off the table and disappeared to the back again for a good amount of time but this time with my card. The manager (who was handling another complaint right by our table) came to our table as we were leaving and asked how it was. We were vague in saying our service was horrible and he didn't pry any further and didn't say sorry or any words at all. Not talking seems to be a trend at this establishment. Bad experience to say the least.
4	Bean dip and salsa was quite enjoyable. A little expensive but worth it. Guacamole was awesome very sweet. The food was fast and really delicious, and the food presentation was nice. They even put the sour cream and guacamole in little bowls made out of chips. Our server was friendly and very helpful, making sure our meal was enjoyable. To end the meal we ordered the fried ice, which was amazing. I will definitely be coming back again.
2	I don't know what happened, this place was good, but this last visit was horrible!!We did come here late in the evening, but if a facility is open until a certain time, don't get upset when paying customers come later. Our waitress, Danielle E (what was on the receipt) was CLEARLY unhappy to help us. First: we waited for quite some time to even be seated and when we found our booth-she never even introduced herself. Second: as soon as we sat down, she wanted our orders, and seemed annoyed that we didn't know what we wanted. There was no mistaking her horrible attitude! Pair food being bland, bare, and not what we have had before with another male employee walking around with a cigarette behind his ear, and we probably won't be stopping here again. I gave it two stars for being open until 11, but if you plan on eating here, be sure you aren't too late!
5	My fiance and I went in after work one day to catch happy hour and were pleasantly surprised! This gem of a Mexican spot has 99 cent Margaritas and other drinks Mon-Friday 3:00-7:00 p.m. They also have a reverse happy hour 9:00-Close. We had Aaron taking care of us and he was such a great guy. Great spirit, very positive, and wasn't mad we were only ordering drinks. (Cheap Ones) and an appetizer. Appetizer's are half off during Happy Hour as well. :) We had the Queso Fundido and it came out flaming. It was a fun touch and made it memorable. It was yummy and spicy and AMAZING. The margaritas were very tasty and strong as well. :)Marilyn the manager was such a kind hearted and thoughtful person. We talked to her a few times while we were there. She took the time to make sure we were ok, which to us is UNHEARD of in other places in the surrounding area.We overall had a great experience and feel like Aaron and Marilyn went above and beyond for us and we will definitely be back.I definitely think this place would be a great first date spot as well. :)
4	We headed out here over the holiday break since we didn't want to cook and planned to see a movie close by.  There were a fair number of people inside, which we always take as a good sign.  Our server was very helpful in making decisions on what we wanted, and gave recommendations on things we may enjoy when we asked her thoughts.  Chips and salsa were brought out within minutes of being seated - be warned, you may want to fill up on these!I choose to go with the Arriba Pollo Con Queso - described on the menu as "An Arriba specialty. A giant golden brown chicken burrito topped with three kinds of melted cheese. Served with rice and charro beans."  It was delicious and I would order this again in a heart beat. I opted for sour cream and jalapeno cream cheese on the side, and both were excellent.  The jalapeno cream cheese normally comes in the burritos, and I'll most likely do that next time as well.Overall: AGood choice for Mexican in Scottsdale. Chips and Salsa are addictive.
5	Aaron!!!  What a great waiter!!We went in today, ordered up our appetizers (two chicken quesadillias, guacamole dip), and our free cheese crisp, that was in the Suns program.  Along with a total of four 99 cent margaritas - under $19.00Aaron was on top of everything!  More salsa, more bean dip -- no problem!  Brought us containers, for our leftovers, down to little cups w/lids, for extra salsa.  Along with a bag, to carry it all home!Thank you Aaron -- and to the nice young man, who greeted us at the door.  All good.  We will definitely will be back, when we are up in the area...Plus...........Aaron came running out the door, when I had stopped to look for my sunglasses; as he had picked them up while clearing the table.
1	I hate giving bad reviews but this place is horrible! My parents hated it when I was a kid and I foolishly thought perhaps I'd like it as an adult. WRONG! The server had a thick accent (which don't get me wrong, I'm willing to make an effort) but he had the nerve to get rude and impatient with me when I asked him to repeat himself! He also cut me off mid sentence several times or would simply walk away while I was talking to him. It was ridiculous to the point of being comical! I felt like Larry David on an episode of "Curb Your Enthusiasm!" And to make matters worse the food is disgusting! Picture soggy deep-fried nastiness with dollar store canned ingredients. Gross. I hardly touched my meal and the clueless (or careless more likely) waiter didn't even bother to inquire. My friend and I were laughing and saying "so basically we could have gone to Taco Bell and it would have been cheaper, tastier and friendlier." But seriously, Los Olivos, in the same area, is much better or literally anywhere else in that shopping center!
1	Horrible, overpriced, reheated frozen crap. They should be embarrassed. 10Page menu, plastic rice, terrible meals. I'll never go back. I work across the street fromthe complex and already have kept people away from here and will continue to do so.
4	I feel bad saying it, but we went here on Christmas day because we're new to the area, our families are on the east coast, and we didn't feel like cooking a holiday meal for just 2 people.  Our first good sign was that the place was slammed.  Even still, we were greeted by a friendly staff and seated quickly despite how busy they were.  We were shortly served crisp chips and both salsa and a spicy bean dip.  We narrowed down to a few choices from their large menu, and took some advice from the waitress.  Our drinks came shortly after, and before long we had our food.  The food was hot and fresh, and delicious.  By far, our favorite Mexican restaurant yet.  We've tried several over the 9 months we've lived here, and while most were just ok, we actually enjoyed the food here.The dining area was fairly large, and is colored brightly with a tropical theme.  The bathrooms were clean, and the sinks had a really cool fish design.  Kind of a weird thing to comment on, I know, but I felt it worth mentioning.Overall we had a very good experience here, and I am definitely looking forward to going back and trying more dishes from their huge menu.
1	The 99 cent happy Hour margarita is what we thought it was, a flavorless beverage that tastes like a snow cone minus any flavor. They do give free chips and bean dip and salsa, nothing special in that world either. Also, how can you build a restaurant in Arizona and forget to put in an outside patio. Get ride of that dumb fountain and have some outside seating.
4	Great food, drinks and atmosphere abut the service has been slow on two different occasions.
3	I love the food here it is one of my favorite places. Problem is the service is horrible. I have been their over a dozen times and have only had great service once. I have walked in their multiple times were their are dirty glasses all over the bar because the bar got slammed with drinks for the restaurant and no one helped him clean. No presence of team work. No wifi available so doing work while enjoying a margarita is not possible. I would go their more often however it is hard to get people to agree to go with me due to their past experiences.
5	I feel terrible that I forgot to do this sooner. My wife and I had dinner here sometime about a week ago and had THE BEST service possible, I hope I'm getting his name right but think his name was Aaron. This awesome server could not have possibly given us better service. Friendly, attentitive, and professional! We will continue to visit this location as everytime we go the food and service are awesome!
1	Horrible service! Waiter refused to place my appetizer while he was taking drink orders. I placed an order for the queso and never received it. I then ordered to fish tacos which were horrible. After about 30 mins after leaving I began to become very sick. I definitely received food poisoning. If you want to have the worst service and food come on in!
3	We stopped in for lunch on Friday while in the area. The food was just ok that is why 3 stars. If i could give stars for service only, it would be 5 stars! James was our waiter and he was totally on the ball. That kid made it a great experience. Thanks James!
3	The good:We were seated immediately and served chips, salsa and bean dip.  The salsa was mild, so my husband requested a hotter version and was pleased with "the kick", which says a lot because he keeps a small bottle of ghost-pepper hot sauce in his car and has a tongue made of steel.The bad:We ate chips and salsa...and ate chips and salsa....and ate chips and salsa....without getting served water or seeing a waitress.  At one point, I asked for a drink menu, and they did not have one. I know they serve margaritas, but usually restaurants provide numerous options and have a menu describing those options.  Supposedly Arriba's used to have a menu  but no longer does - so even though you see people drinking out of awesomely huge margarita cups, there is no way to look up the price.Finally the waitress came to the table and apologized for the fact that no one ever told her we were there.   It was 5:30pm on a Saturday evening.Back to the good:Our food arrived quickly.  The portion sizes were large. It was everything you would expect from Mexican food: tortillas, cheese, beans, meats with sour cream, marked up to $10/plate.  But it was a tasty $10 plate of food and my family left very full, slightly bloated, and with a white plastic box of filled of cheesy leftovers that my husband will eat tomorrow for lunch while i detox with a salad.
4	My boyfriend and I love this Arribas! Not everything is great on the menu, but we've figured out the gems. The queso is delicious and any dish with this and the adobada is great. The rice is the best out if any Mexican restaurant around here. Also, on the weekend they have a wide variety of brunch/breakfast options. Order the potato pancakes and you won't be disappointed. They also have French toast, pancakes and bacon, if that's what you're in the mood for. The best part, weekend brunch doesn't have a wait, like most places, since not many people know about it.
2	Came here for lunch because my lunch date wanted Mexican and it was by both our offices.  They had a $4.99 special of a chicken enchilada with a side of beans and rice.  What a smokin' deal, right?  Unfortunately, the enchilada was horrible.  It was tasteless, old and completely falling apart.  I picked at it and ended up with about 4 bites.  The chips and dip was the only bonus out of the entire meal.  I definitely got what I paid for. Never again.
4	If your from New Mexico you should know that this place has no New Mexican owners or anything despite the flags outside. But, me and my wife have deemed this place New Mexico worthy (Las Cruceans ourselves).
1	Absolutely atrocious service, while there were only three tables of customers at 7pm on a Saturday night.  To top it off, the waiter was a smart ass when, after 15 minutes of his being MIA, we inquired as to his whereabouts when we wished to order more drinks & food.  On the plus side, the food was fine and arrived quickly (even before the chips and salsa appetizer?).
5	The White Sands Chimi is my regular favorite.  Best salsa in town but ask for the hot salsa which is my number one favorite.  Margaritas are great and HUGE.  Food is more New Mexican than Mexican.  It's spicy but excellent.  Ask for Raul.  He made us laugh and gave us great service.  Our favorite Mexican in Scottsdale.
4	Hey, it's typical Mexican fare, so don't expect gourmet. Atmosphere is family-friendly, gives you nachos to munch on; spicy bean dip--YUM! and salsa--while you are waiting for your food. They pretty much leave you alone to eat, which I am thankful for...One standout is that Raul our server was on time when we wanted anything and had it right to us. Chicken tostado soup to die for. The strawberry margarita was actually pretty good. All in all- a good place to have close by. -- I like it. I'll be baaahhhck. - :)
5	Great food I had in house beer and my wife had a blue zaldo order a nacho supremeo all I can say is WOW so huge our waitress was awesome very helpfull with drinks and food looking forward to going back
5	Went there last night with my grandparents (who are EXTREMELY picky about where they eat) and they absolutely loved it!The costumer service was awesome and we were helped the second we walked through the door, seated immediately, and got our food very soon after ordering. The food was phenomenal as well and I was very pleased with how flavorful my grilled chicken breast was.
3	Really good service. Quick, efficient and pleasant.Food had nice presentation, was hot and drink refills came quickly. Plates weren't overly garnished and I love the sour cream in a mini fluted tortilla bowl.Cute decor, I'm sure the out of town folks eat up the Mexico theme.Food was ok. Sort of bland. Not great, not horrid. I'll give it another try for sure.
5	Arriba's is great. They have definitely changed management at this location, because a few years back it was awful, but the last 1-2 years it has been awesome. We make the decision to sit in the bar area, as service is almost guaranteed to be excellent.  The bartenders they have are both friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. We never have to wait for a refill on either a mixed drink or a soft drink.Their happy hour is great, 1/2 priced apps. that are so filling you won't need a main entree! If you opt for one, split it, as it will be more than enough. Food quality is very good, and we always enjoy our time there. Keep it up!!
2	This place just sucks.  We used to come here regularly, but we haven't been for a long time.   Couldn't remember why.  Now I remember.   The food is marginal AT BEST.  To make up for the poor food; they charge outrageous prices This used to be a very good,  although never;  great place   The place on Camelback is much better.   The prices are the same,  but the food is much better. While Taco Bell is Taco Bell,  the food is consistent and far better than Arriba.   What a shame. Based on my experience;  however,  we strongly recommend Valle Luna.   A little less expensive,  but the food and service is leagues ahead of Arriba in Scottsdale.
4	Friend raved about the margaritas here, so we checked out Arriba's for dinner last night.  I'd called ahead to ask if Arriba's makes their sour mix from scratch- it does.  I also inquired about happy hour-- from 3p to 7p, and reverse HH from 9p to closing, 12 oz. house margaritas are $0.99 each!  There's a short list of apps at 50% off, as well.He wanted to try the "margarita for two" on the rocks, as he's tried the house margarita on previous occasions.  Presentation was nice, and it tasted very good- not obnoxiously strong and not cloyingly sweet. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=ZuAE6ZAXVIeGNKKMWbJogw#ZuAE6ZAXVIeGNKKMWbJogw  $7 during happy hour, which I thought was a steal, since the last time I shared a margarita that big (with sister) was at one of the restaurants on the San Antonio's touristy River Walk-- the margarita was $14!  Our drink last night had a LOT of ice, though, so we'll have to request for less ice next time, and there will BE a next time.  :)  Our server also suggested guacamole and chips, or a queso fundido app, so I chose the latter.  We both loved the cheese dip, despite the fact that my friend hates tomatoes and there were tomatoes mixed into the fondue. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=fVPVC3W4MQx5SNDyVN1QMw#fVPVC3W4MQx5SNDyVN1QMw  The fondue/fundido also came with a dollop of chorizo.  I appreciated its spiciness, but found it too salty.  Due to my corn allergy, I requested for fried flour tortilla chips for dipping, and thankfully, the kitchen obliged!  Awesome service, so far, which reminds me kudos to our server Chance! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=F8pySbJ7wQ_z3O5Bj-u5eQ#F8pySbJ7wQ_z3O5Bj-u5eQ  Friend didn't enjoy the flour tortilla chips as much as I did, so he asked for regular corn tortilla chips, and again, Chance and kitchen gratified.My friend was going to order the enchiladas, and I told him I was going to try Arriba's pollo con queso.  He's had it before, so he decided that we'd just share the entree.  Fine by me, since I don't ever finish an entree at the restaurant, anyway.  (I always take leftovers home.)  The entree was a deep-fried chicken burrito, split three-ways, and smothered with three different cheeses. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=hzYXTqkmjXz9IOQ-AjgVoA#hzYXTqkmjXz9IOQ-AjgVoA  I don't know what kind of cheeses, and the menu online does not state what they are, but I liked the white variety the best- it's a softer cheese, which equals meltier, creamier, more sensual cheese to me!  He liked one of the dark yellow cheeses.  Will have to get more info on our next visit.  I wonder if I may order this dish with just the one type of cheese?  Hmm... further investigation of the menu is needed!  ;)My friend doesn't have a sweet tooth, and none of the desserts really caught my eye last night, except perhaps the ones with ice cream; However, Arriba uses Good Humor ice cream, and these contain corn syrup, so I must say no.  Only the best, for the most part, para mi, por favor!Can't wait to take Mom here.  I've already told her about the dinner and shown her the photos, and she looks very interested.  :D
4	One of the better Mexican restaurants.  When I dine alone, I usually have the Nachos Supremos as a meal.  Other items, particularly those with chicken, are very good.
1	Posted hours: 10:45am. Doors are locked at 11:15 and no one picks up the phone. Hopefully this means they are out of business because this place has gone so far down hill
4	Arribas is great! The chips are fresh and both salas and the bean dip are delicious. I had the white sands chimichanga - it was so good!
