3	This is a manageable size for an outlet mall.  They also have food, which is a nice touch.  I often need to refuel while shopping.  I don't understand why someone thought it would be a good idea to make it an outdoor mall.  It is hotter than haddes out here!!!  The bathrooms are well maintained, with plenty of toilet paper and lacking icky smells.
2	These are probably the worst outlets I have ever been to.  (And I will admit, I have been spoiled by the Woodbury Common outlets, with Theory, Gucci,  Burberry, Catherine Malandrino, Carolina Herrera, DVF, La Perla...the list goes on...)  Not that the Anthem outlets are particularly bad in anyway, they are just really, really lacking.  No Banana outlet?  No JCrew?  What is that about? I thought those were standards.  The Polo outlet is probably the only reason to go.  There are also regular stores there and it really bothers me when an outlet center has regular stores.
3	I agree that Outlets At Anthem is just....ok. Most of the stores just aren't that great and really don't offer very good deals at all...might as well just go to the mall. I thought the purpose of an outlet mall was to save money. I love the kitchen gagdet stores...but again, no big savings going on there. Worth visiting, but not if you're expecing great deals.
4	Back when I first moved to Arizona, I lived in Anthem for some time, and hung out here on occasion.  I absolutely loved it here, but the newness has since worn off.To thier benefit, theres tons of stores here.  Ralph Lauren, Bath and Body works, Bose, etc.  Great selection of stores!  But, as a regular, it doesn't blow my hair back like it once did.  I love taking my mom here, since she seems to enjoy herself at the outlets when I actually lived in Anthem.  But, now that I live in the SE Valley, I dont see the point in doing the treck up there.For an outlet mall, its fine.  Clean, well kept, adaquate parking, tons of food to eat in the food court, etc.
4	The Anthem Outlets have great options and are a reasonable size.   You don't get lost.  Or spend too much money because you go to a kitchen store and are like OOOOH A kitchen store! and you buy a bunch of stuff and then walk three doors down and you're like OOOOOH! A kitchen store!  and buy more stuff and walk three doors down and are like OOOOH!  A kitchen store! Thankfully, there's none of that.  For reference, please visit the GILROY, CA factory outlets.  Bad.  Bad idea.  Anthem, however, is outdoors, which is probably pleasant all but 3 months of the year, and has a great selection: J Crew, Nike, Harry and David, Pearl Izumi (I'm biased, fact.  I was there to open our store there), Calvin Klein, GAP, among others.  I walked into the J. Crew store and immediately dropped $100.  Helping our failing economy, right?  Food selection is slim.  I don't eat fast food and Subway is meh.  I brought my lunch every day.
4	This is a relatively small outlet mall but it has all your major players.  Polo, Columbia, Gap, Quicksilver, Nautica, Hillfiger, Nike and more.  They have a nice little food court and a covered play area for kids to run around.  Its worth the stop if you're driving by.
3	In the grand scheme of outlet malls, this one is small and meh. However, the recent addition of J. Crew (squee!) and Banana-fuckin'-Republic (double squee!!!) have improved this once ghetto locale. Both Crew and BR have excellent deals, but they can be hit or miss, and unfortunately it's a really far drive from central Phoenix!
2	This is a strange little complex of stores that calls itself an outlet mall.  With the exception of a newer section tacked on one end that houses Banana Republic, Gap and J. Crew, it seems a bit shabby and outdated.  The other tenant stores were just mediocre - really, do you need more than one Sunglass Hut location in a complex that isn't that big?  Also, looking at some of the pricing, I have found that there are better deals to be had in the full-price, non-outlet versions of these stores and the quality is better, too.      In order to end on a positive note, there is covered parking...
2	Many stores are closed, and the idea that at the outlet you'll get a better deal is HISTORY. You can get better deals even in the fancy Fashion Square if you are patient and look for the right time. Considering how far it is...save your gas and shop more locally.
4	I would have given The Outlets at Anthem only three stars, except for a few things that have inched them into my four-star category.  Although a lot of stores have left the mall, there have been some fantastic additions: Banana Republic, J.Crew and BCBG. Banana Republic and J.Crew tend to have some really good sales, and if you are looking for some cute dresses, BCBG has an awesome selection of them. Oh, and although it isn't new, their Ann Taylor Outlet store is also a great place to find awesome deals.Another great thing about this mall is that during the holidays they have a huge Christmas tree lighting event.  The tree is supposedly the tallest, "animated" Christmas tree in Arizona (not sure what animated means.) This weekend was the lighting ceremony and it looked like it was going to be a big event.The mall also seems to be a very family-friendly and pet-friendly place, with a play area for kids and a lot of benches and grassy areas to hang out with your furry friends. It also seems to be quite the destination for a lot of out-of-town and foreign tourists, so be weary of crowds and sometimes confused and pushy people. My hope for the Outlets at Anthem is that they continue bringing in a good variety of stores (Coach, please!!!) and possibly expand to include a department stores.  And, if they could work out some way of making it easier to leave the mall (turning left onto Anthem Way is a killer without a light), I'd be happy to give them the full-on five-star treatment.
4	The area seemed a little sketchy at night, but the Columbia Outlet (the only one we shopped at) was awesome with awesome prices. What more can I say other than I wished there were one in San Diego!
4	I've been to these outlets a few times to hit up Polo, Gap, and maybe Nike but didn't find anything else that got me excited.  Well, that all has changed!We spent several hours there perusing Polo, Gap, Under Armour, Pearl Izumi, Banana Republic, and J.Crew!  I've never seen my husband so happy shopping!  We definitely walked away with some great stuff at great prices!I'm sure this will be a trip we'll make a few times a year to stock up!
4	Unlike the last review I wrote about an unconventional outlet mall, Outlets At Anthem is EXACTLY what you'd think of when you think 'Outlet Mall'. It is one mammoth of a shopping center and it doesn't matter WHO you are - you will mos' def.' find *something* that catches your eye in any one of the multiple stores (total understatement) located in this complex.Whether you're looking for Gap, BCBG, Banana Republic, Book Warehouse, Calvin Klein, Bose, Claire's, Kitchen Collection, Jockey, Polo, Perfumania, Ultra Diamonds, Vans, or Yogurberry (JUST TO NAME A FEW), the Outlets At Anthem have got you covered.Being the avid swimmer that I am, I hit up the Nike Factory store and bought two (count 'em) TWO Nike swimsuits for $60. Usually one runs me about $75. Can I get a holllllllaaaa?!?!?!?The only reason I *had* to take off a star is because this is an outdoor outlet mall, and in a place like Arizona, that is INSANE. The weather was SO scorching hot that I would have PAID an entry fee to shop at an indoor, AIR CONDITIONED shopping complex.Ah well, still got the goods at the outlet prices. Can't complain...too much ;)
3	my sister-in-law drug me around this place for four hours. i think i would have had a better experience if this was an indoor shopping experience. it was incredibly hot in phoenix when we went.thank god they have misters outside while you're walking along.right outside the food court, they had a children's play area that had some water features. oh how i wish i could have just sat down right in the middle to play water with them! looked like a lot of fun. some kids had their swim suits on, others just went in their regular clothes. if lanna was older, i'd probably have let her play around in it, too.when you get there, grab a directory and plan our your route! this place is pretty big. you don't wanna double back in the heat, either.they have a few cute children's clothing stores like carter's, oshkosh b'gosh and the children's place. prices were pretty good; lots of sales and clearance items.probably wont head here again unless it's in the winter time. too hot.
4	I look for deals in the clearance section.I'm a super petite gal.Rue 21 had some tank tops that were on 3 dollar clearance.I got a coupon for Nov 19-21 50% sale so I MIGHT go back there.They don't have XS tho.Their jeggings are very comfortable and priced at 19.99. I'm too short to wear them. their inseams are long  for me.(I'm an inseam 30, 5 ft 1" tall)cute red flanel shirt with detachable hoodie at 21.99.PacSun,.. not so much. Quality of the jeggins was MEH and the price isn't really justifiable.Ann Taylor has some good basics and jewelry if you pay attention.I liked a few of the necklace selections.There are a lot more L and M sizes on clearance than other sizes.Recommended for moms and career women, but I couldn't wait to get out.Banana Republic has some stuff, but not that much of a deal. The hideous fashion colors are all here.Recommended for moms and older professional demographic. Not my market.Aeropostale -- I got a button down plaid flanel shirt for 5.99 and a lace cami tank top for 2.99.There was a cute 9.99 quality pair of joggings but they only had size L.
3	This is the kind of place you picture when you think of 'outlet mall' - large stores in an beigey outdoor complex with some food selections.  It has all the basic players from BR, BCBG, Polo, J Crew, The Gap, etc... here.Normally I wouldn't come to a regular outlet since it doesn't carry any higher-end designers or dept stores, but I was surprised at their workout/outdoor clothing stores which includes Nike, Reebok, Columbia and Pearl Izumi which I love but is harder to find where I live.  I picked up a few things here but I don't think it's worth a trip out if your time is limited.
5	Updates!I went to RUE 21 with my coupon I got (from last review)and bought two pairs of jeans for 20 bucks.One's a dark jegging (jeans but feel like leggings),which is almost as good as Abercrombie & Fitch ones.
4	If you like Guess, Ralph Lauren and similar stores, this is your outlet mall for finding some awesome discounts. I've come to the Anthem outlets here and there over the years and while I can't say I've found anything worth breaking news, I can say that it's worth walking into if you're in the area.
2	place is very clean:) Banana Republic is the only store I really go to here.
1	So Sad, maybe it used to be good? but it sucks now, they had a few stores that I enjoyed that are all gone in only the past couple years and not much is left  it is almost empty (WTBleep some really good stores were there!! ) they are even clearing out rows to make more parking??? I went recently to order a gift and the store was gone like all the others I liked.So sad
3	This place is located off the I-17 outside of Phoenix. There are a lot of empty shops and there's a couple of stores that are worth going to. they are opening up a Coach store in October 2011 and even one for the mens.  I like the fact that there are misters to keep cool during the summer.  Best avoid on weekends if possible, because when you try to exit the outlet near the gas station, good luck getting out, there is no light and you can be stuck just waiting for it to be safe to cross traffic (if you have to go towards the freeway.   Nike store, Guess factory outlet and now the Under Armour store are favorite stores.
2	Ok so Im actually a resident in anthem, I live very close to the outlets Im there quit frequently mainly the children's place and bath&body works. Other than that Im not very fond of the other stores. If anyone knows outlet malls like I do you could probably say the outlets @ anthem are pretty low end as we speak.They could definitly upgrade on alot of their stores to become alot better. I've noticed in the past 9 months or so they have been putting in new stores "yay"!.... very soon in fact Oct. Nov. they finally got the hint. So keep your fingers crossed that they are stores worth having.Btw If your ever on the I-10 going to la they have premium outlets in palm springs that are definitly worth even the drive! = ) Hope this helped!
4	Went to the Outlets because I was told Coach has a store their!! No more having to goto Cali for that! I was excited to see that there was a Coach store but very heartbroken to see that it was not yet opened :(  oh well. The outlet center is a great place to find good buys! I do plan on going back!
5	best outlet I've ever been too...I give it 5 stars for the store selections from being out of town and believe it or not the bathrooms!!!They're clean!! and smell like vanilla when you walk in.  Even the family rooms had a lowered toilet for the little one with a flower shaped toilet seat.  Now that's taking shopping to a whole new level...hahaha
5	Five stars for fabulous Santa experience. They have a little Santa cottage and each group sees Santa all by themselves, no pressure to leave. The way the cottage is set up is, you walk in and straight ahead is a Christmas tree. To the left is the counter for the camera and to pay. Our 6-year old grandson who had never met Santa before, walked around the counter and stood still, jaw dropped. There was Santa sitting in his chair by a fireplace. It was as if he couldn't believe he was in the presence of Santa Clause. At the same time, I announced he had never seen Santa before so they made the experience extra special. They also gave us great coupons to buy cookies, candy and yogurt and more. Mostly buy one get one free.The kids also had a blast on the playground and riding the train.The sleigh they have set up in another area would be great for family pictures to send out pictorial Christmas cards. Anyone can sit and take pictures. It is quite big and can accommodate large families.
4	Not bad! Anthem Outlets have made some nice improvements over the years I've been coming here. Decent selection of stores, clean bathrooms, food court, and covered parking! I'm really sad that Quicksilver is gone though...oh well!
5	Finally made it back and checked out the Coach Outlet, OMG UTOPIA!!! It now seems I need to get a 2nd job just to support my every growing want of every coach bag I see!!
4	I went after a Holiday shop event at my twin group organization.  Someone mentioned that Coach had an additional 30% off on items that were already 50% off.  Of course, I had to go see that, I had never been to the outlets and I am not one to go to them, because most are not worth the time.  However, like my husband would say, whenever I hear sale, something starts ringing in my head and it becomes like an Olympic competitive event for me.  So, armed with this information I drove from central Scottsdale to Anthem, yes, about 30 miles out of the way.  What can I say, I don't mind driving?  The energy in the mall was bustling, it was really busy on a Saturday evening.  I parked near the Coach store, my feet were already killing me, even though I was wearing this Cole Hahn shoes "with Nike technology" that are supposed to be easier on your feet.  Of course, my hubby had to chime in, he said I am not supposed to wear heels for over 9 hours, but back to the outlet, the energy was so intense I wanted to stay and check out the other stores.  I tried, but darn my feet were hurting.  I have to come back and check out the rest.  By the way, I am not known for my sensible shoes, but they are really beautiful.
3	Pales in comparison to Cabazon outlets in CA, Woodbury outlets in NY, San Marcos outlets in TX and Vacaville outlets in CA. But I live in AZ, so love your own I guess...
5	my son loves the splash pad! His dad or uncles stay with him at the playground while I can run in the store or two that I need to! There are quite a few empty retail spots, hopefully they can get some new stores in there as well,
1	I bought a Kitchen Aid Mixer on December 6th at the Kitchen Collection Store at the Outlet Mall in Carlsbad, CA.  It was given to my son and his wife for Christmas.  When they got it out of the (NEW) box to use it, as the beaters turned, it made grinding noises.  I called the KC in Carlsbad and explained what happened and that my son lives in Phoenix.  They said to take it in with the receipt to any of the Arizona KC stores.  My son and his wife and baby took a 40 mile trip to go to the Kitchen Collection store at Anthem.  The experience they had was way less than pleasant. After lugging the Mixer in and presenting it (in the box with everything it came with) and the receipt to the person workiing at their register, my son was told that they don't take returns or exchanges on the kitchen aid items.  My son told her what I had been told and also showed her on the bottom of the receipt that stated they DO accept returns and exchanges and she told him it was Company Policy not to do so on Kitchen Aid appliances.  He asked if she had that policy in writing and she said "NO, it is an understood policy and is not in writing." After trying to talk with her and ask to speak with someone else, she was still rude.  They were not nice and not helpful and did not follow the policy stated on their receipt.  My son left with his Kitchen Aid Mixer, went home, called Kitchen Aid's 800 number and they are sending him a new one.  Sad experience and  the money I would have saved with a rebate, was spent on gas.
3	The Coach store was packed a many bags were half off. Nike was cool and the luggage store had great deals. Go across the street for a brunch or lunch break at Cafe Aroma to recharge and shop more. The Levi Outlet had awrsome deals and face it...their jeans last forever so you can't beat that!
4	I love the Outlets At Anthem! They have a good variety of stores and prices are decent! I just visited the Coach outlet and was VERY HAPPY they have one here! I bought a purse because the price was so great on it, but I ended up returning because after trying it for a day, I realized I wasn't fond of the bottom strap. The return was easy and painless, which was nice! Thanks Coach! I'll be back in a while when there may be some newer choices! : ) (Can't beat a $400.00 Coach bag for $100.00!!!)
3	HOLY CRAP THEY GOT A COACH OUTLET.  Finally.  Maybe in another 10 years it will be on par with every other Outlet mall everywhere.  ;)
3	Most of the prices at these stores are still high, even for outlets. I went into Under Armour, Polo, Nike, Pacific Sunwear, Nautica and The Columbia Store. I found the best prices at Pac Sun and The Columbia Store. That is most likely due to the season change and I happened to catch a few good deals. I wouldn't go in the Polo store again because of the insane tags on clearance and regular priced items . Too bad because my boyfriend LOVES Polo. Lucky for me, I found some great hiking boots for 70 percent off and a cute beanie for under $10 at The Columbia Store. I was very happy with these purchases. I would not make a special trip to come shopping here, but if you happen to pass by the Outlets at Anthem, it might be worth your time. If you like Coach, which I do, but can't afford it LOL- they have a Coach store, too.
4	"Children and pet friendly while outlet shop"Decent outlet. Selection not as good as Cabazon, but not bad either. Surprisingly very Dog friendly with plastic baggies and dog fountain. Very children friendly with water fountain and train rides.
3	The only people who shop at Under Armor, look like they've never seen a gym in their lives.The Nike store also was full of people who look like they neither run, are into sports or going to the gym.My wife bought a purse at Coach there. Not bad.The refreshment machines scattered throughout are a rip off. $2 for a small bottle of water and there are no water fountains that you could drink out of.I didn't think the deals were all that great. But then again, I personally don't like to buy fancy clothes.
4	I always drive by here on my way to Flagstaff but hadn't actually been here in almost a decade since when I actually lived in Phoenix.It was a pretty awesome place to stop and shop on a recent trip up to Flagstaff.We went to Banana Republic, J.Crew, Gap, GoLite and Under Armour. I found things I loved in all of those stores and had a fantastic time shopping with friends. I imagine it gets pretty crowded on the weekends, but on a Friday afternoon it made for an excellent way to break up a drive.
4	outlet with the usual stores such as coach, gap, BR, etc. I liked that it had covered parking and the bathrooms were clean. it wasn't that busy though for a holiday weekend and on a sunday
5	Very clean and well maintained outlet mall
5	BAAAATHHRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMS!(Heavenly Music plays in the background)THE FINEST BATHROOMS IN THE LAAAAAAAAAND!(A Choir of Angels singing)When you drive by the Outlets at Anthem you will see a gigantic electronic billboard advertising the cleanliness and luxury of the bathrooms.This is no mistake.Here you will find perhaps the finest mall bathrooms in existence, with marble counters and diamond encrusted urinals.  Servant boys prance gaily to and fro dispensing hand sanitizer, urinal cakes and breath mints to weary travellers.  And they only rarely confuse the urinal cakes with the breath mints.If you have the chance to visit the Outlets at Anthem, do yourself a favor and don't rush to empty your bladder... Hold it a while longer, and save the best experience for last.  The bathrooms don't disappoint!
4	Good enough to justify driving way out to Dullsville, AZ to find some great deals. I hate shopping, but O@A has me dropping not-so-big $ toward entire new wardrobes.They've got racks on racks at Rack Room Shoes, where all the BOGO 1/2 off deals on brands like Timberland and Kenneth Cole take men's footwear excitement to new heights. That is, if you don't get distracted chuckling at all the old guys who think Crocs are cool.I went to Van Heusen to dress it up, where there were some insane deals perfect for me. Stylish jackets to fit this lanky 6'4" gentleman for only $70. Unreal! Clearance on slacks, ties, and shirts so inexpensive I don't want to shop anywhere else for my business professional needs. After that, I got sporty at the Nike store. all the gear you could ask for at reduced prices, and I can't spend too much time there without starting a sneaker collection. The selections were awesome! Keep in mind not *every* store here will rock your socks off. The Vans store blows. The food court is not that good compared to other malls...well except maybe that BBQ place. Hey--a man's gotta refuel in between mass shopping.Overall, this is THE outlet in the valley. If you thought Tanger was cool, step your game up and make the trip to Anthem.
4	A really nice outlet mall and the bathrooms are really clean. Such a shame that a lot of the stores closed... They need to get some new places in there ASAP!
4	Not bad.  The entire mall is very clean.  It is about 75% occupied which is good in this economy.They have a very large play area for kids if that is your thing.  And a food court with lots of vending machines through out.Overall, I was able to get a lot of work clothes for a really good price.  It was worth the drive for me
4	I will make the trek up to Anthem to go to these outlets instead of going to the ones near Westgate.  Why?  Store selection for one.  The only other Stride Rite outlet is at AZ Mills.  And while that store is A LOT closer for us (like a 10 minute drive tops), I'd rather not deal with a crowd or messy store.  All of the stores we've gone into at the OaA are well kept and clean.  That and the drive up there makes it feel like we're taking a mini road trip.
2	This place is dying a slow death....tons of empty stores litter this outdoor mall and the few surviving stores are empty.  We drove up here on a Saturday and it should've been packed.  I think the outlets in Chandler and Glendale have choked this one to death.  I've spoke to several people who manage stores out here and they said they're not going to renew when their lease is up because they're hemorrhaging money.  That's too bad.There aren't any premium brands out here to make my drive back worth my while.Return Factor - 20%
4	From what I saw on the outside I have to go back and spend more time here.
4	++++++++ Spent a pleasant day ..... Moving from bench to bench ++++++++Accompanied my Wife, Daughter and Granddaughter.This shopping spree was all about the 3 year old.We had lunch in their Food Court ..... nice atmosphere.They had a Grand Time spending ..... way "to much". The Center is clean and well groomed.
5	came to this place on a Monday evening... looked like a "ghost town" in the Old Wild West! Pleasant weather & no people made the walking around a fun experience!
5	Not that far away allot to see, but not so much it take all day!!!
3	I've been coming out to this outlet because of my wife. She just loves the Ann Taylor factory store. She always finds really good deals but she spends forever there. Right now she's been in there for 2 hours and counting. They have decent store I like to brows like Under Amour, Nike, Polo and Coach. They even have a Coach Men's store. Stores are pretty good but I always judge these malls by there food. Food court is weak not anything that really jumps out to me. Very basic with subway, pizza, Chinese, Mexican, and BBQ. Nothing really to write home to. I would say that the mall is very clean and nice little area for the kids to play. One thing I do like about this place is there is lots of benches all around to sit and relax. Since this is such a long drive out to here, it okay but since my wife loves this place then it's worth it. Come out and enjoy the nice weather.
2	I'm spoiled by the outlet mall in Vegas cuz this one sucks. No Sketchers killed it for me, but I didn't see a ton of other shops I wanted to visit when I went looking for shoes. Bummer.
5	***For extra savings, stop by the customer service desk by the food court before you do your shopping here*** I used to come here a few times a year but I had not been here for a while.  Nowadays we end up here on occasion when we are coming home from Sedona or Flagstaff, when there is a mandatory 'bio-break'. Their restrooms have always been in excellent shape. And they have family restrooms too.I visited a couple of stores yesterday and I was not very impressed with the sales, only the Children's Place seemed to have good deals and an extra 20% off for purchases or $40 or more, and it seems we got 25% off for $60 or more.This seems to be a very family friendly place, they have lots of stuff for kids to play, benches and chairs... plenty of parking as well.
5	I love this place, we need more stores here! I heard MK is coming soon, yay!
3	Headed here for their semi-annual "side-walk sale" that they advertised online over the long weekend. Have to say that we were pretty disappointed in what they had to offer here. Most of the storefronts were empty, and only a handful of the shops that were there seemed to be participating in the side-walk sale.A few of the shops had some decent deals - Banana Republic, Gap, Nike - which were the only saving graces of heading out here. Ended up only getting one shirt and we only spent about 30 minutes total going through everything this place had to offer, which was way shorter than the drive to and from this place.Overall: B-Not much open, some decent deals that you can probably get from other, more populated, outlets in the area. Don't go out of your way to hit this place up.
4	Easy to get to and many great stores. Very disappointed that Jockey and le creuset closed.
4	They have a decent selection of stores here, in a broad range of categories. My favorites are the Banana Republic outlet, Kitchen Collection, and BCBG. Other notable names are Coach, Puma, and Polo/Ralph Lauren.
4	I can't really go into detail yet about what great deals I found (in case I have family trolling... I'll update after Xmas), but it was definitely worth our drive.  It wasn't my first time here though.  When my family visits, I bring them here. There's something for everyone: the women, men, teens, and "youngins."  Under Armour, Nike, and the Ralph Lauren store are amongst their favorites.  Great deals were available this weekend, and there was a nice selection in all of the stores that we visited.  We were able to check a few gifts off of our list.It's an open-air mall, like many in and around the Phoenix area. I like that although there are a decent amount of stores, it's an easily walkable circumference. It was decked out for the Christmas holiday, with a humongous Xmas tree and a large sleigh, in which you could sit for a free photo op. (SELFIE!)  They also had the normal Santa photo ops available for a fee. Not a fan of their food court though. There were only a handful of options: Subway, Mexican, Asian, Italian (Pizza, pasta), BBQ, and Auntie Anne's.  I ended up taking my belly elsewhere for fulfillment. Definitely worth the drive if you're looking for a bargain and/or Christmas presents.
4	Ive been coming here since they first opened. Anthem didn't even exist. Of course, Im gonna say it, I love the outlet store :) This outlet is where I get all my cookware.  Excellent quality at bargain prices.
4	This outlet is where I get all cookware.  Excellent quality at bargain prices.Close to my famly and when I fly there I can walk and its easy pluse they have Subway!
4	Great place to shop for cloth and spend time with family over weekend. It's a great place for a long walk even you end up not buying anything. Good exercise location. The food court is always packed and smell weird with all kind foods and people. There must be some problem with their air condition that can't handle so many people. My favorite spot is the chocolate store next to the food court. I highly recommend people to park at the end of the covered parking space. It's easier to access in the summer and it's close to the cleanest restroom.
4	Several years ago as we were driving along Hwy 17 in Arizona, I saw billboards for the Outlet Mall in Anthem.  It claimed that they have the Worlds cleanest restrooms!  Well, at the time...I would have to say they may have been right.  They were very very clean back then.  Recently, we returned.  No more billboards advertising that they have the World's Cleanest Restrooms.  Of course, my first stop was their restrooms.  Surprisingly, they still looked pretty darn clean!  Good job folks.As for the rest of the Outlet Mall, us plus the rest of the family was pretty happy.  Good selection of stores here.  Almost everyone bought something from somewhere here.  I think that I was the only one who did not find anything I wanted for myself.  Deals were not good enough.Their food court could use more options.  Pig N' Whistle looked interesting.  Unfortunately, they were sold out of just about everything that evening we were there.The Christmas Tree that they had on display was very impressive.  It was certified as the Tallest Christmas Tree in the Nation!  Very cool!Will continue to return to this Outlet whenever we are in this part of Arizona.
