5	Okay this place is not for coffee newbs. We're talking serious coffee. :-DThe staff is wonderful and helpful. This is not your hipster coffee bar. There is seating outside and there are two floors inside. They have a Clover coffee machine here. And it is so worth it. I didn't have any snacks or food, so I can't speak on that. However it is the best coffee in Pittsburgh.They use Intelligentsia coffee.
4	This is serious coffee by serious coffee nerds for serious coffee nerds. They serve Intelligentsia beans, which aren't my favorite, but the baristas' skillz make up for the shortcomings of the beans. I heard they train their staff for 6 months before they serve a shot to a customer, but I don't know if that is even possible. They have a clover machine - I feel like this is a reasonable standard for coffee nerds. If the owners are willing to drop $10K on a machine to make a cup of coffee, they probably pull a decent shot. There are lots of fancy coffee and tea implements for sale - the inventory on display in the store gives it a little bit of a "chemistry lab" feel. There is a small assortment of tasty pastries and sandwiches, outdoor seating in the great people-watching region of the Strip District, and a really cozy and lovely upstairs. I am probably at 21st street at least once a week, and their soy cortado has saved my life more times than im willing to admit.
4	While I don't enjoy this place quite as much as Tazza D'Oro as a hangout (it's smaller, for one), the coffee and espresso are terrific - some of the best in Pittsburgh (along with Tazza D'Oro and Big Dog - I've not tried Aldo yet). As other reviewers have said, 21st Street is for serious coffee lovers - the staff is conscientious and makes good recommendations, and whatever they make is made very well.The Clover machine produces a terrific cup each time, and they also have a fine selection of delicious tea.
4	What a nice surprise!  I ducked in here to escape the Saturday crowds on Penn Avenue in the Strip District, and was pleased to see a small but bright space with Intelligentsia coffee and a Clover machine.  The upstairs seating area is a nice, cozy place to hide, and the friendly staff helped me to overcome my indecisiveness.  Like many businesses in the Strip, 21st Street Coffee is not open at night, but it's a good option for some daytime coffee with serious standards.
5	I haven't been here in a while, but I still remember how amazing the Latte was. I can only compare it to Joe's in NYC...which, for those of you that don't know, is a huge compliment.The milk was rich and frothy and the coffee flavor was fantastic. And let's add that all of their coffee is what I like to call "fair trade plus." They do a wonderful job of making sure that the coffee is not only delicious (which it is), but it is good for the world. Well done!
4	21st does a great job of serving interesting, globally-conscious, well-made coffee and espresso. They also provide free wireless and have decently spacious upstairs seating. So far, they make the best espresso I've had in Pittsburgh!One small gripe: whyyyy oh why is the bathroom always locked? I'm all for a customer-only policy, but having to get the key over and over when studying (and drinking coffee!) for several hours can get painstaking.
5	Of the coffee shops I visited when in Pittsburgh, this was my hands-down favorite for coffee. Period. In fact, the cups I had there were in my top 10 for best coffee (according to my tastes and still-short love affair with the bean).I was once told by a true aficionado that a truly good cup of coffee shouldn't need cream or sugar, that the sweetness and acidity are by-products of time spent on the warmer. I think 21st Street nailed that advice in my mind: each cup is brewed individually when you order, and the result was, well, fantastic.  Drinking it black was the only good choice, and I felt dirty even thinking about cream or sugar. The barista did a good job of explaining the subtle differences between the beans they were using that day (helpful for someone like myself who's trying to learn) without giving off any of that judgmental vibe you sometimes get at the hip shops.Two cautions: one is that the cups are more expensive than at the pre-brew shops (but worth it, in my mind), and there's limited seating/power outlets for people obsessed with working on their laptops.Bike parking is available at random street signs just outside the window.
5	I've only lived in Pgh for 5 months now.  During that time, my #1 priority has been to find some decent coffee.  I'm used to having Blue Bottle and Ritual coffee in SF.  I've tried a fair share of coffee shops around (both soy latte & coffee bean).  I was starting to lose hope.  When I tried the soy latte at 21st St- it was good (not amazing).  But I was giddy to see a latte art again.  What brings 21st up to a 5* is their coffee bean.  We bought a 12 oz bag of Kenyan Kangocho for $18.  That's expensive but it's amazing.  I'm not a coffee critic so it's difficult for me to put into words what differentiates it from other mediocre coffee but the word I'll use to explain it is... 'rich'.
5	Intelligentsia. Favoritist coffee ever.  The other place is Big Dog.  But I work in the strip and love the people who work there.  They know their beans.  Espresso is Boss.  All of their teas especially white peony and king crimson are staples of mine.  I never drank that much caffeine before...but they got me addicted and they know it.  Like a bunch of crack dealers they are.  Best in Pittsburgh.
4	Lots of organic coffee and tea options.  Quick service.  Best Americano I had in Pittsburgh.  A little pricey for the area (my Large was 4 bucks).
5	Greek Mountain Tea and Yerba Mate made the rotation!  21ST Street has become my personal office...thanks for letting me loiter guys!
5	It's all about the Clover coffee. Seriously. Try it.This is one of my favorite coffee shops in the Pittsburgh area, partly for the Clover coffee, and partly for pleasant upstairs seating with a view. Give it a try, it won't disappoint.
4	I'm not a coffee drinker, but I love the smell of coffee and love the vibe of a good coffee shop. Our table stopped in prior to breakfast at Pamela's and I ordered a hot chocolate with whipped cream. Total came out to $3.25 in a large mug and was both creamy and comforting. on a sunny Saturday morning. With regards to the coffee, I will quote Rachel M.," 21st does a great job of serving interesting, globally-conscious, well-made coffee and espresso. They also provide free wireless and have decently spacious upstairs seating. So far, they make the best espresso I've had in Pittsburgh!One small gripe: whyyyy oh why is the bathroom always locked? I'm all for a customer-only policy, but having to get the key over and over when studying (and drinking coffee!) for several hours can get painstaking."
5	This place can be really pricey, but damnit it's worth it. You don't have to settle for the COD- they'll make you a cup of anything- you just have to pay. Great for someone like me who really loves Kenyan coffee. I recently had their iced latte for the first time and wow was it amazing.
5	What a wonderful place to stop and grab a coffee before exploring the strip.  Wonderful friendly staff and delicious "coffee of the day" picks to be brewed how you like it.  The muffins were fresh and delicious.  Love this spot!
4	I love this place, but dammit, why did you only leave one coffee maker in the 21st street store?  It took a loooong time before to get a cup of coffee, now it takes forever!!!!!!Okay, gripe over--the baristas are knowledgeable about the coffee and very skilled at making  a latte.  The location is perfect--on the strip and next to the donut shop.  Oooohhh.  So Good.Most importantly, you can get Intelligentsia Coffee there!!!  In San Diego, I had to drive up to LA to do that.  Oh, how I missed thee, Intelligentsia.  I went to the store at PNC plaza and it's very nice.  And it has the other two machines.  Either way, you can't go wrong.
5	Whoa. It's like a Lil' Chicago up in here! Up in here! Really...I think I like this de facto Inteliigentsia coffee house more than the real ones...just because it took someone to say, "yeah, I'll ride those coattails here in Pittsburgh. And, we'll make it our own." They're getting daily shipments it seems like...from espresso beans to their choice of in-season beans. Decked out with a Clover to boot. Parking is pretty spacious in The Strip, at least early morning but watch the "time limits."The upstairs is cozy but the outlet situation isn't. They're inspiring me to take Inteliigentsia to every town or city & open up my little haven.
5	$4 for a cup of coffee?   Damn worth it.   So damn good.
5	It's the best coffee/espresso I've had in Pittsburgh.  The mocha's are great and they use chocolate milk instead of syrup, which makes it taste soooo much better.  The baristas are extremely knowledgeable and nice.  Free wifi is also a plus!
5	Good espresso drinks :)They serve Intelligensia, as many reviews have mentioned, not a bad start. I like how there their cap is so full of "coffeenality", hmm. Not sure if they use SO for cap, but it's distinct and tasty.The latte is well behaved, tho not every baristas there make best foam and latte art.The baristas are also very helpful and nice when introducing the beans...
5	Expensive. But worth it if you are serious about coffee. I am not, so a visit here is somewhat of a luxury. That being said, the barista working when I dropped in was totally rad about explaining the difference between the roasts. It got me pumped to try both of them. I didn't regret my choice--I had to pause my work in order to appreciate it. No cream or sugar required (barista didn't even ask if I "wanted room") . Only complaint: the place is a little protective of their bathroom and WiFi. Given their location, it's understandable but for someone as socially awkward as me, it's kind of a drag to have to ask for the key for the bathroom and the password for the WiFi. For anyone who isn't afraid to ask for favors and/or paying ~$4 for a cup of coffee, this place is an easy 5 star.
4	Great location in the Strip Dist, devoted baristas, probably the city's best macchiato, and a cool interior.What's to love?--The macchiato is probably the best in Pittsburgh. Just the right amount of milk; a perfect espresso shot; and served in a proper macchiato cup.--Intelligentsia beans! Not my favorite--that would be Counter Culture--but it's a pretty damn good bean, and it's nice to know that a couple places in PGH serve it.--Location in the heart of the Strip Dist with cool views of the North Shore, the PA Railroad Fruit Auction & Sales Bldg, and the St Stanislaus Church.--Friendly, knowledgeable and happy employees.--Cool interior. Lots and lots of windows and natural light; a decent amount of seating upstairs; and great wood and brick throughout.What's not to love?--Bad pastries. This place deserves better. Although the handmade granola bars stand out.--Cheap bottled water for sale. Come on people--it comes out of your tap for next to nothing!--No outlets upstairs for laptops. Not a huge deal, but it wouldn't be terribly difficult to add a few.I only hope that they expand into other neighborhoods. How about setting up shop near Pitt, pleeeeeaaaase?
5	two words:  coffee aficionado.top-tier coffee.  rivals those found in chicago-caliber cities.+1 for baristas knowing their stuff+1 for eclectic coffee selection+1 for atmosphere:  building and music.  sights and sounds.  another +1 for a great loft.+1 for having a Clover machine.21st Street Coffee is the best i've found in pittsburgh.  if i lived in this city, i'd be here multiple times a week.free wifi with password.  only food available is pastries.  they brew intelligentsia coffee, among others.highly recommended.  i will return.
5	This is my first experience at 21st Street Coffee and Tea but surely not my last. Upon walking in I was immediately impressed with the care that was being given to the customer in front of me. Each coffee was described in detail, not just glossed over.  When it was my turn to order the expertise of the gentleman behind the counter was immediately evident.  I brought my friend here from out of town and I'm sure this will become a regular place to visit. He ordered a latte and the art was beautifully created. I ordered a Kenyan coffee out of the clover and enjoyed every syrupy berry note that was described to me up front. I am thrilled to have such a high quality shop on my list of places to go.Edit:My subsequent experiences have all been just as good as the first. I took my wife here for a relaxing morning of coffee, reading and writing. This place is great!
5	Delicious coffee! Great place to grab a cup as you wait for a table at Pamela's.
5	Intelligentsia beans. Single-cup brewing: Clover or pourover, crafted with care, precision. Husband-and-wife owners know their stuff. Hip Strip District locale, great coffee find. Window seat: rockin' view.
5	A family member introduced me to this place about a year ago, and I've been back about a dozen or so times since.  This place is serious about coffee. Everyone that works there really knows their stuff and is more than happy to share their knowledge with customers.  The layout of the place is really nice too, especially with the comfortable upstairs area.  The best thing about this place is the coffee itself.  Everything they make is very full of flavor. I'm not even that crazy about drinking espresso straight, but here I have no problems doing so.  Every time I'm in the strip, I make a mandatory stop here, it's that good.  Coffee-wise it's simply the best in the city,
5	It's pricey, but you get what you pay for in the fair trade, hand dripped, one of a kind coffee joint. Everything about this experience screams "earthy". As it is located in a highly trafficked area, this place is the 'beatnik' reprieve for anyone suffocating from the almost overwhelming amount of Black&Yellow that is the strip district. I love this place, i truly do!
4	I was in the Strip on my lunch break walk, and tweeted a quick question - "where is The Best cup of coffee around here?" the responses overwhelmingly led me to 21st St Coffee.Expecting to be disappointed, as is often the case with over-hyped places, I was proven otherwise. I knew I wanted black coffee, and was really excited when the barista offered to explain what my choices were. You guys, he actually knew what he was talking about. Very descriptive and approachable, which made me really excited to try the Peruvian blend that promised notes of chocolate and dried fruit. They drip your cup as you order, which no doubt adds so much to the taste. They take their coffee seriously.Bottom line ...Friendly: absolutelyDelicious: absolutelyPricey: my small cup was $3.50. But, you get what you pay for.Comfy: Eh. I wish it were a better space for lounging. Skinny counter with four seats, and two tiny tables in the window.
5	Every time I'm in the Strip District this coffee shop is a must stop.  They are serious about their coffee and it shows in the quality and taste of their products!
5	Well, I like this coffee bar for a number of reasons, but the main reason is the focus on coffee.  By coffee I mean non-espresso drinks, that is to say made without pressure. I enjoy the espresso here, but I really enjoy being able to grab a cup of single source pour over.  The staff is considerate about the method and presentation. While I don't normally discuss the coffee beans, intelligentsia does make a good bean and this spot always has a number of varietals available for pour over. And in case you were looking for one, I've seen the siphon coffee maker on a shelf on the back shelf, but I've never seen it provided as an option. I'm sure they'd break it out if you were rally interested though.  I'm not crazy about having to drive all the way to the strip to get a cup of coffee here, but I always stop here when I'm in the strip.Additionally, this is the only coffee shop I know of that sells pour over equipment.  I don't think it costs much more than anything online. If it does, then be happy you're supporting something local.  I bought a pour over set here and the staff provided me with a detailed explanation on how to use it with a sample of how the grind should look, which was really helpful as I use a manual grinder as opposed to a burr grinder.
5	Seriously, best coffee in the 'burgh! The owners are friendly and are more than willing to talk shop with you about how they run things, make certain drinks etc. This will always be my favorite coffee shop in town! Lattes are PERFECTION!
4	Excellent, but pricey hand poured artisanal coffee.  If you enjoy a really good cup of coffee, you should certainly check this place out.  I usually take a bit of cream and sugar, but this was the first cup of coffee I truly enjoyed black.
4	21st first introduced me to pour over single origin coffees.My new favorite way to experience coffee, for sure.If you're new to the artisan coffee world, this might not be the best place for you to go -- they can come off as pretentious at times but, they do understand that the "customer is always right" ...you might just have to ask a few times for sugar or creamer for your coffee.
5	Coffee making is smart here.  Even my 6 year old loved their iced cafe mocha!
5	I really appreciate great coffee, and this little coffee house in the Strip makes a perfect cup. Their method is the simple pour over, and the beans are from the incomparable Intelligentsia out of Chicago. I know these beans are handled with love, as I went to many coffee cuppings led by the owners of Intelligentsia back when this company was in its infancy in Chicago. The staff here is well trained and obviously cares...you have to be a little bean obsessed to do this as well as they do. If you normally add cream to your coffee, this is the place to try it black; you won't miss the dairy. Espresso drinks are great here too, but I'll always come for the coffee.
4	I've been finding myself here more often to stop in for my iced chai and work a bit in between meetings in the Strip.  I'm always amazed by how knowledgeable the staff is about the coffee they brew.  That being said after eavesdropping on a couple counter convos with patrons.  As a former Batista, I feel it's necessary to be a brew expert, considering people have become such coffee snobs as of late.The staff has always been incredibly friendly, even when I try to butt into their staff gossip sessions.  I can't help it, I feel like one of them still!The only complaint I would have is that they don't carry skim milk.  The chai is still good with 2% but I can't help but feel a little guilty not keeping it on the skinny side.  If you're hanging out for a bit go on upstairs, they have a cute little sitting area you can have your own gossip sesh in!
4	I can hardly imagine that you can find a place that takes coffee so seriously in all of Pittsburgh. The staff are all really knowledgeable about their products and their craft. The drinks that I have ordered (typically espresso based drinks) are quite delicious. If you are a fan of hot chocolate, theirs is the best I've ever tasted.The atmosphere of the shop is pretty good. If you are planning to sick around, there is a loft upstairs with seating, a few tables on the first floor, a bar area against the window to stand, and bistro tables outside. There is good light from the large windows and good music that help the ambiance. Ordering and waiting for your drink gets a bit cramped up because of the layout of the space (and honestly, this is where the shop does not clinch that last star for me). They use a brewing method of pour over, so it seems the drinks take a bit longer to make. Literally every single time I go to 21st Street Coffee, someone grabs my drink from the pickup counter because the ordering/waiting for your drink to come up process is a bit awkward due to the shotgun (i.e. skinny) layout of the shop. What is even more awkward is when you have to explain to your fellow customer that was behind you in line that they just picked up your drink, and since I am admittedly not the most forward person, it is something that I deeply dislike dealing with when trying to relax and get a coffee. Perhaps associating a name with the order would help this process? Regardless, it is definitely worth a visit to the 21 Street Coffee and Tea shop for a delicious coffee and you'll be treated with the fruits of labor from real coffee craftsmen.
1	(response to owner below) Without a doubt this is the worst experience I have ever had getting coffee. Let me preface this by saying I live New York, I lived in SF for 10 years before that and I have spent a lot of time in both Portland and Seattle. So let's just say I have had my fair share of run-ins with pretentious coffee snobs. This place takes the cake. Let me explain the sequence of events: I order a coffee, coffee nazi #1 informs me that if I am planing on putting milk in my coffee I should probably order a different type of bean. Hmm, OK a little weird but everyone in Pittsburg so far has been crazy nice so maybe she is just looking out for me. I order a different bean. I get my coffee and ask coffee nazi #2 if I can please have some milk. Coffee nazi #2 tells me I should try it black first. I tell him nicely that I have tried for years and unfortunately I have never gotten used to the taste of black coffee. Coffee Nazi #2 then tells me this coffee has been specially cooled for me, that it's not like Duncan Doughnuts coffee, and how hard is it to just take a sip. Listen douce-nozzle my local coffee place uses your same beans (intelligentsia) and they use clover machines to brew it. I go to either Blue Bottle or Stumptown coffee at least once a week. I know what black coffee taste like. Also I've been to Ethiopia, you know where coffee was invented, and guess what dip sh*t? They put milk in their coffee. This place seriously wrecked half my day in Pittsburg because I was so annoyed. Avoid it like the plague. If you want good coffee, go to espresso a manna. The coffee was actually better and the staff was super nice.After reading the owners response to other bad reviews, I just want to be clear here. Both the staff I dealt with were definitely NOT making friendly suggestions. They were both absolutely condescending, telling me how I should take my coffee. I asked the second staff member (who turned out to be the owner) twice for milk and he only gave me milk AFTER I tasted the coffee black. TOTALLY unacceptable. I don't mind when people totally geek out on coffee, as long they are just pumped on what they are doing and genuinely just want you to be as pumped as they are. This place was not like that. I was treated like some toothless hillbilly who had been weened on Sanka his whole life. All because I wanted milk in my coffee? It's not like I ask for ketchup for a filet mignon or something. If you don't want to serve milk with your coffee put a big sign up that says we only serve our coffee black. I would be totally OK with that. I would have gone somewhere else and saved myself this whole unpleasant experience. Also, one more little pet peeve about this place. I hate places that dilute their cold brew. Why are your charging me $3/4 for a coffee that is 2/3 water? It is so much better strait.(response to owner) I ordered the Kenyan, then switched to the Nicaraguan  as per instructions. Like I said the coffee place by my work uses clover machines and Intelligentsia beans.  The place is Kaffe 1668 in Tribeca if you don't believe me. I get the Kenyan regularly as I generally prefer African coffee. It tastes fine with milk to me, but I guess I am just a simpleton with no idea about coffee.   You have milk in case people 'require' it? You 'caved' because I was getting angry? That doesn't sound like someone that's main concern is people enjoying their coffee. How about telling me this isn't Ducan Doughnuts coffee like I was some hick off the street? Was that a friendly way to get me to enjoy the coffee more? Look you obviously think all coffee should be taken black, well except you serve lattes. That's great. I don't like coffee black. I've tried just about every type of bean (even that crazy weasel crap one) and every crazy contraption for making coffee and I still like milk in my coffee (I do take expresso and turkish coffee black). There is nothing wrong with that. Can you imagine for one second that someone might have legitimate different opinion than you? My point about naming other coffee places wasn't to name drop it was just to show you that there other knowledgeable people out there that have a different opinion then you. It's seem like all your negative reviews stem from the same problem. So I suggest you either 1) Only serve black coffee  2) don't give people attitude if they ask for milk. I really think either way you should drop the attitude. I'm really not hating it just bums me out when I come across people like you. It makes coffee, something I love, not fun. As for the other review, that is from my wife who had similar experience and she wanted to write her own review.
1	The ONLY reason to visit this place is to collect material for a comedy sketch about obnoxious coffee shop baristas. It's literally that bad. Hey buddy, I've worked at two indie coffee shops and know how to roast my own beans, so please skip the lecture about the sin of adding milk or sugar to my $4.50 drip coffee. Also, please stock half and half. The milk you threw my way in disgust just made your very diluted cold brew gray. How does this place stay in business?
5	Serious...they are seriously serious about coffee and tea.  I think that's one of the reasons I rated them so highly.  How can you not respect a business that's really into what they do?!?!  It was my first time going on Sunday morning and I ordered the Earl Grey tea.  I did think the prices were steep, but then when I saw how much care and time goes into making each drink and then I didn't feel so guilty about it.  Then gentleman behind the counter asked me if I prefer to put milk in my tea, and I said yes.  Honestly, I couldn't imagine drinking tea without milk, but that's b/c I grew up with having milk in my tea - any other way would seem wrong.  He said that they typically recommend for customers to try the tea in the form that they serve it and I asked if the Earl Grey typically comes with milk, he said that he'd be happy to provide milk and that is one of the teas that works with milk.  But he said that their green teas shouldn't be messed with - which I could understand.  So before stirring my milk, I tried the black tea and was quite impressed by the subtle flavor.  I usually dump lots of sugar in my tea, but found that all I needed was a bit of milk and I was fine with no sugar.  It was the perfect temperature with the perfect flavor. I strongly recommend this place if you have some time to enjoy a good cup of tea or coffee.
4	We had originally stopped by Espresso a Mano, due to all the yelp reviews. When I learned they didn't have Intelligentsia....I was sad. I want my Intelligentsia coffee! They recommended 21st street, and off we went....I tried the summer blend, iced. Mmmmm. That was good. He got some type of iced tea.... which, Intelligentsia itself is just so good. I was surprised at all the different flavors they had from Intelligentsia (usually it's just a few when I frequent coffee shops). Plus, the Strip District was cute to walk around in...once I became caffeinated. :)
4	Coffee was really good.  I asked for Soy Milk and the barista encouraged me to taste the coffee as is.  She wanted me to experience the natural bodies and flavors.  I hate black coffee, but kept an open mind.  It was delicious.  Although, if they're that serious about experiencing the delicacies of something, I suggest they pay more attention to interior design and the layout of their menus.  It was a little hand drawn and shotty.  You can't be a super snob about the coffee if the overall vibe of the place is just okay.  Nah mean?!?!?!  Awesome muffin too!!!!
5	I consider myself a coffee connoisseur. I've had great coffee and I have had terrible coffee. But I have never had hand-pour coffee that was so carefully made specifically for me with people that are so passionate about the way they make it. To have a staff knowledgable about the coffee and tea they sell was worth the few extra dollars.Coffee tasted real and bold and they even recommend drinking it black to capture it's fully embodied taste. Great for students - upstairs with wifi and more seating.
1	I could not agree more with the remarks others have made about the snobby and pretentious behavior from the employees here. Seriously, someone should turn this into SNL....it's just that funny. I posted on Urbanspoon and have copied and pasted my same review from there on here:WOW! I am so shocked that this place is still in business. My friend and I walked into this place to get a cup of coffee and a cup of hot tea. I got my coffee ordered and my friend asked if she could have a cup of steamed milk with Earl Grey and the guy behind the counter snootily replied that he would not be willing to do that because they do not have a recipe for it and refuse to make anything without a recipe (yes...he needed a recipe to heat a cup of milk rather than a cup of water). So in an attempt to understand why this was such a big deal we asked why she couldn't just replace the water for milk? If you can heat a cup of water why couldn't you heat a cup of milk to steep tea in?? He again, very pretentiously replied that they do not make anything that doesn't come with a recipe and he had other customers to wait on. We were shocked by his total lack of proper customer service. She said very nicely that he should try it sometime, it's really good. He looked his nose down at her and snickered at her and said "Um, yeah, I have" like "yeah I have and it was like eating dirt and only a hick nobody like you that obviously knows nothing about tea would make such a preposterous suggestion." So she got a bottle of water and thought the register was at the other end of the counter and as she walked by him, he yelled in front of all the other customers "THAT'S A $1.50!" and she was all of about 3 feet away from him. So when I was waiting for my coffee I attempted to ask the gal at the machine about this (apparently they are all managers there) and another cashier walked up and told her not to answer my question and just keep filling orders. Seriously???!!! She's not even allowed to talk to me?? To answer a question?? So I ignored him, of course, and asked her if I had asked for a cup of steamed milk, could I get it from her. She looked at me totally confused like, "ummm...of course." and I asked if I had asked her for Earl Grey to steep in it would she accommodate. Same confused answer. When I explained why I was asking this she very nicely said, "Well it's been a long day for us." Really...that's your excuse?? And I want to be clear here: we were not rude, we did not raise our voices or treat anyone disrespectfully. We were totally confused and baffled as to what we could have possibly done to elicit this type of response. I own a business. I have customers and if I don't practice good customer service, I don't get business. Pretty elementary. I highly recommend that you go elsewhere for coffee. The guy stuck his nose up so high it was just ridiculous. Dude: it's coffee, not rocket science. You work in a coffee shop, not NASA. Starbucks may be feeding the machine but at least they are kind. At least when I order something or have a question I don't get treated like I'm an idiot. Do not keep this company alive. It's a black mark on the kindness and hospitality on the reputation of what Pittsburghers truly are about and known for. Oh and one other thing to the guy that needed a recipe for steamed milk...pay attention because I'm about to lay some gold on your here: take a cup of milk and....steam it. Wow, I must have worked at NASA to know that! And one last thing: your coffee tastes like coffee. Not coffee dipped in gold or even really really really good coffee. It tastes like coffee. Just plain old coffee. You act as if you invented it or as if you have discovered a secret way to brew it that no one else on the globe can figure out. Again: it's just coffee.
5	21st Street Coffee:  why oh why are you not in Regent Square? In a neighborhood screaming for a good cafe, you would KILL it over here. For serious!! Well anyway, on with my review.....You will leave sans a few more bucks than expected,  but you will be bouncing off the walls with glee and full of caffeinated bliss!  They use Intelligencia beans-- the best on the planet in my book. They brew the coffee old-school, slow drip  style through a filter, so you will wait a bit for your joe. And a small size is, well, pretty darn small. But you will savor every last drop and even lick the cappuccino foam off the inside of the lid. Just don't cut your tongue like I did. D'oh!
1	**Since the owners deleted my first Review (guess something hit a little too close to home, huh?) I will write another one. I will say that if they deleted my review (and another I left on Urbanspoon) it begs the question of how many others they didn't like that they simply deleted.**The behavior of the employees here should seriously be turned into SNL. It's just that funny. My friend and I went into this place for the first (and last) time and I ordered a soy latte and paid for it. My friend asked if she could have steamed milk and Earl Grey to steep. The manager (apparently they are all part-managers there) snootily replied that he would not do that because there is no recipe for it (yes...he needed a recipe for steamed milk) and they don't fulfill requests they do not have recipes for. We were both a bit perplexed at both his immediate snotty response and why he could steep the tea in water, but not milk. So we asked why this couldn't be done and honestly I thought maybe he mis-heard us and if we explained it he would catch on that it's simply replacing water with milk (although reading the other reviews these folks funnily have milk-bigotry...again...SNL would totally dig this). He interrupted us and rudely said he would not do it and repeated about 3x that she could have a chai tea latte (unbelievably). So she said nicely to him (my friend believes in killing with kindness. I on the other hand do not) that he should try it sometime, it's really good. He snickered and very condescendingly said "Yeah, I have." Like "Yeah I have and only an illiterate, hick nobody like you would make such a preposterous suggestion." It was so condescending and rude. So she walked to the cooler to get a bottle of water. She thought the register was down at the end of the counter and began walking past him and he screamed in front of all the other customers "THAT'S $1.50!!!" So she calmly walked over and paid. I walked down to get my latte and began asking the gal that was making the beverages, if I had asked for a cup of steamed milk from her, would she have fulfilled my request. Right in the middle of her very confused look at me like "Ummm...yeah" one of the other employees walked over and told her not to answer my questions and just to keep fulfilling orders. REALLY?? So not only are the employees there incredibly rude and pretentious but they have such control over the other "managers" that they can tell them to whom they are permitted to speak and to whom they are not??? I was just floored. So I ignored him, of course, and ask her again. She said "Ummm..yes" again like "Are you serious? Why are you even asking me this? A cup of steamed milk. Sure. Duh." And I asked if I had asked her for Earl Grey to steep in it would she have accommodated me? Same confused answer from her. And just to be clear: we were not rude in anyway. Exasperated and bewildered, yes. Rude, no. We never raised our voices, we were never once disrespectful. We were truly baffled as to what boorish request we made that would elicit such an insulting and crude response from not 1 but 2 employees.This experience was beyond words. It was incredible how rude, pretentious and all-knowing this bunch thought they were. Their establishment puts a black mark on what Pittsburgh businesses are all about and what we represent. And as you'll see, every bad review they have received here is all for the same reason: rude customer service. Please please please spend your $$ elsewhere. I know Starbucks is like feeding "the machine" but at least they are kind and don't make their customers feel like idiots. Also--for the $$ you charge the size of your drinks are a joke. You should feel embarrassed every time you pass a cup over the counter to a customer.I am all for having a healthy sense of pride and commitment to your job but this is just wayyyyyy overboard. The coffee is ok but it's not worth the attitude. There is actually a review (if the owner didn't remove it already) from a woman that was actually so intimidated by their rude behavior she didn't even have the nerve to ask for sugar. The actual word she used was "scared". No.Joke. My hope one day is walk by the corner 21st St. and Smallman and see a new coffee shop there with new owners that are kind, accommodating and treat their customers with respect and courtesy.
5	I was back in Pittsburgh for work and had been meaning to stop in and give this place a try.   One of the things I appreciated was the knowledge of the staff.  They gave great suggestions and were very friendly.  The coffee was fantastic.  They recommended a black drip (which they hand prepare).  This is my favorite drink and they do it well.  My wife tried a cappuccino.  It was frothy and delicious.  Like all great baristas, they prepare with the leaf.  The place is vibrant and has a ton of energy.  One interesting thing is the donut bakery next door makes the bathrooms smell like fresh pastries.  The only downside was the lack of outlets and seating.  The decor was a little lacking as well.
5	21st Street Coffee offers the best coffee in the 'burgh -- I head there at least 2-3 times a week for whole bean coffee and a hot cup. The baristas are very friendly and offer great advice.  I enjoy seeing them every time I walk in. They can be a little over the top -- e.g., no half and half or Splenda, constant encouragement to drink it black, even when you don't want to, etc. A word to the wise -- just ignore it. I know they cringe when I add milk and/or sugar to my cup but I've learned to pretend it's not happening. Enjoy your coffee in all its glory, the way you want to. You're paying the steep prices, so just do what you want, and enjoy your cuppa! They're lovely people.
4	Strolled into 21st street coffee in the strip on a Monday morning desperately needing a cup of coffee and something to munch on. Not only was I completely satisfied by the time I walked out, I felt as if I was leaving my own house, which is kinda weird, I know.I had some awesome Brazilian Coffee that was recommended black by the Batista and a blueberry scone. I always drink my coffee with cream and sugar, so, optimistically, I decided to take the man's advice and try it black. I was astonished at how sweet the black cup of goodness tasted and drank every little drop. The blueberry scone was a little dry but still filled my appetite for some breakfast item. I spent at least three hours at 21st street coffee and really learned to like the general demeanor and atmosphere of the place.I will say that if I'm ever in the strip and need some coffee, 21st street coffee is definitely going to be go-to coffee place.  ''nough said
5	Real Italian style cappucinos. Need I say more?
3	I feel stupid when I go here. I'm a lifelong coffee addict, so I appreciate good coffee, which they definitely have. And although I do appreciate that the staff is knowledgeable, they do come off as pretentious. I definitely felt pressured to get a plain espresso (which I didn't want to drink, really) for fear of being judged for being uncultured. Then I had to sit in the corner and look like an asshole just drinking an espresso in the middle of the day like it was no big deal. I mean, this is America people!It was worse for the woman in line in front of me though, who ordered a coffee and asked if they have flavored syrup and the baristas looked at her like she just ordered a side of dead baby. Basically: coffee is good, but make sure you know what the hell you're doing when you go here!
5	These people know coffee. Everything from exact temperatures to weighing beans... its like tasty caffeine infused science! Expect a little wait though... they brew each cup by hand, but the wait will be worth it.
5	I have to update my review because of the new joy I've found in their mocha's.  If you know me, you'll know I love my tea very much!  I'm not really into coffee or espresso.  21st Coffee kinda made me want to try something different.  Their options are slim, but the day I tried their mocha changed everything!  I hate the mocha at Starbucks because I don't like the powder they use.  It's just gross to me.  But 21st Street has a secret... that I'm letting out of the bag!They use chocolate milk!!  Chocolate milk!!!  I need to get a hold of myself...I love chocolate milk and sometimes I'll secretly eye it up at the supermarket and wish I had a child at home for the sole purpose of buying it and then drinking it myself!  Plus, for some reason, it's the only way I'll drink milk that's not skim.  This special concoction just makes it taste amazing!  I've had it in the hot and cold forms, and I tend to like it better hot.  But it's still good cold, don't get me wrong!  You've gotta go here and try one, you'll be hooked.  Secret's out!!!
5	This is an unusual review for me, as one of my least favorite things is coffee. I'm the guy you see at McDonald's ordering an iced coffee with extra sweetener. Fortunately, the staff here were willing to appease me and recommended a mocha when I asked for something that "didn't taste like coffee." Still tasted like coffee. Oh well, they were very nice to deal with, the atmosphere was nice, and there's seating outside. My wife and all my friends tell me it's the best coffee ever. So, there's that.
1	I found this place to be quite pretentious, which is not my style (and frankly, should not be anyone's who is in the service industry). It was not particularly clear "how this place works", and in addition, it was not evident that the staff was very willing to helping a new customer who had not been there understand its nuances.Honestly, I wanted a nice cup of coffee with my mother, and we walked out without one because no one acknowledged us for 5 minutes. When I asked a person behind the counter if this is where we could place our order, she responded in a rude tone advising that, as I could see, she was making coffee for someone else and could assist me in a few minutes (which sounds far nicer than the experience was). There was no friendly greeting or explanation. Get over yourselves. You are in the service industry, treat people with dignity and respect, and they will pay for your product, it's that simple.
5	This is an excellent coffee shop for people who really love coffee. They take every step of the process as seriously as they can, and it pays off. Delicious, consistently high quality (Intelligentsia) coffee. The baristas are all knowledgeable as hell and generally very willing to share that knowledge. Being a barista from an independent coffee shop myself, I really appreciate the staff at 21st Street.My only qualm with this place is that there isn't a ton of seating. But it's clean and the walls are painted the perfect shade of blue. I love starting a day at the strip sitting in their loft sipping on a double espresso, or ending my day with a cup of coffee and a few donuts from the shop next door. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves high quality coffee.
2	Be sure to understand this is a Coffee bar, not coffee and espresso. Sounds like a very minor disabiguation, but they take their coffee *very* seriously, and their espresso drinks fall a bit short for how much money they cost. A cappuccino here is decent, but I've also had some disappointing ones, which is doubly disapppointing at $3+. The coffee is good, but it's all specialty - you can't order a good ole fashioned $1.50 drip cup from this emporium. A black coffee will also set you back about three bones (or, if you get serious, $9). Some people are into that, and it's great that there's a place in Pittsburgh that caters to that clientelle. To me, it's a high maintenance coffee shop for high maintenance customers. There, I said it.The baristas are passionate about their pours. This is great if you want to wax quixotic about the roasts, growers, flowery frontal flavor versus chocolate tittilating the rear pallate. But if you want to splash some milk in your coffee and be done with it (because they hide the milk, and then sometimes lecture about how it ruins the coffee you just spent $3.50 on. A fair point, but it's your drink and you should be able to "ruin" it however you please, imho), or if you're really jonesing for an iced Americano even though you know there's a chance the espresso will get bittered in the chilling process (they will *strongly* suggest you order a cold pour, even if you don't much care for them, because the idea of not liking a cold pour is beyond reason, apparently...Not that I have experience with this or anything).This place is decently located in the Strip District. La Prima is also nearby, but a bit less cozy. There are wonderfully large windows from which to spend a rainy afternoon gazing, but be sure to bring a notebook because the electrical outlets upstairs (where the more comfortable seating is located) are sparce and hard to reach from most tables. On a crowded day, you might be out of luck with your laptop once your battery runs out.
4	I grew up drinking tea the British way - sugar and (skim) milk, lots of it, which has translated over to how I drink my coffee. Since I was a total newb to 21st Street Coffee, the staff walked me through on what to order. I felt lost as I was far from being a coffee connoisseur and it was apparent they were very knowledgeable. I asked for skim milk with my coffee but was told they didn't have skim but 1% from a local diary farm and that I didn't even need the milk because the coffee was so good. I thought that was a very bold statement!! Once I got my coffee, I looked around for sugar and there was zilch to be seen. Since I had already asked about skim milk, I was embarrassed to ask for any sugar as I envisioned being thrown out for insulting the establishment like the soup nazi from Seinfeld. So I sucked it up and drank my coffee that everyone so raved about here with my 1% milk.And I have to admit it was tasty. The 1% made my beverage creamy in a way that half and half does not. Sugar still would have been nice but 21st Street has made me rethink the way I drink coffee and they do a darn good job of it.
4	I used to consistently rate this as my favorite Pittsburgh coffee shop, but with recent experiences, I no longer feel that way. There's no doubt about it - the coffee is excellent here, but there's more to a coffee shop than the taste of the coffee. The employees are definitely pretentious about their coffee, and if you aren't a coffee snob, you may get snubbed. I recently brought some friends here for a cup, and when they asked for cream and sugar, they were told that they should try the coffee black first, and then, if absolutely necessary, cream and sugar could be found. While I actually agree with the baristas - the black coffee is divine here - it seems a little on the rude side to say something like this to your customers (who were slightly offended). It also kind of blew my mind that they had trouble coming up with napkins when asked. Really? Is that an uncommon request?Regardless, 21st street does a mean pour over coffee. They have excellent chai tea lattes and a nice upstairs seating area with a view of the street. If you consider yourself a coffee snob, you'll love this place. If you just want a cup of joe, go somewhere else.
1	The baristas don't let you have anything how you want it. "They know better".Disappointed.
5	So I'm keeping my 5 star review, because I still think this is a kick ass coffee shop, but unfortunately I have to admit that the staff is starting to go a bit crazy. I went in with my step dad two weeks ago and (thank god) we both take our coffee black. The baristas on duty were both polite and happy that we were excited for our coffee. However there was a group of older women who walked in after us and bought bottled water and iced coffees. The barista was less than thrilled the moment he saw them, and it got worse the longer we watched. At some point one of the women was trying to explain that her friend was paying for her water, and the barista looked off in the distance and said, quite clearly, "whatever." Now, I mentioned that I was a barista once too. I've had some ridiculous customers, some of whom I've kind of hated, but I kept it all inside. Even when one guy came in every day for three weeks straight and ordered a large extra hot 8-shot caramel latte with whole milk and three shots of espresso and always called me honey (kill me), I kept that smile plastered on my face.  That's called customer service.Still, it's a damn good coffee shop.
5	This is my favorite place to get coffee in Pittsburgh by quite a large margin. The location (which is in the process of moving about 50 feet) is in the heart of the strip, and is a great place to kick off an adventure on a weekend morning in the strip. The baristas are extremely knowledgeable about the drinks and show tremendous skill in making them. Always willing to share knowledge about the different types of coffee and best methods of preparation/consumption. Especially considering they serve "traditional" beverages (as opposed to what Starbucks has led us to believe..), the customer education is paramount and they take it very seriously. If I could offer some advice, don't add any milk or sugar to this coffee. The baristas are very good at understanding each customer's beverage preferences (more/less milk, flavor profiles, etc.) and tailoring drinks to their needs. It's a great place to go to get educated on coffee or just enjoy a great beverage. 21st Street is the best in all of the city.
3	21st Street Coffee is an interesting place to say the least. A more appropriate name for the business would probably be "The 21st Street Coffee Experiment".Let's make one thing clear: this is the best coffee in Pittsburgh. Luke (the owner) undoubtedly knows a ton about every aspect of the coffee making process and they produce a product far superior to any coffee shop in Pittsburgh. Where 21st Street Coffee consistently falls short is with customer service. They are not interested in what you want, they are more interested in presenting their product to you in it's purest form. They are on a mission to convince people that great coffee should not need any additives. While this is an admirable cause it is extremely alienating to people who are used to a routine or for whom coffee serves a very utilitarian purpose. Most people don't want to feel challenged when they go to purchase their coffee, especially early in the morning. If you are going to visit 21st Street Coffee, go in with an open mind and just go along with their suggestions. Your coffee will undoubtedly be amazing. Go if you want to treat coffee as a delicacy. Don't go if you are in a rush because the service is slow.This review could easily be 5 stars if 21st Street were to abandon their "one size fits all" policy towards customers and start serving their customers needs rather than their own objectives.
4	Fantastic place to get fantastic coffee.  These people are extremely serious about their coffee, and it's amazing.  It's worth a trip to the Strip District just to get coffee here.
4	I was brought here by the unofficial mayor of the city - Miss Rachel C herself - and how happy was I to find dozens of other people meetin, chattin, workin' AND sippin' great smellin' - AND tastin' - coffee, which was exactly what I was coming here to do as well.Now, I'm usually a coffee with a little milk kinda gal, and even a piping hot Americano when the occasion calls; however, with a slight twist of my arm, I was convinced to try "the best mocha in the world." And it was fabulous just as promised! Not best ever quality - but pretty darn close. The good news is it was one of the most beautiful!The space is wide open, wifi connection was great (and free) and most importantly, they make a killer mocha. :)I think my only suggestion would be to get more snacks beyond the delicious danishes, which I also tried. Perhaps some fruit or local granola bars even? I'll be back to snag one on my next 'Burgh visit, don't worry.
5	Beautiful latte art. Nice, open atmosphere in the new setting (they recently moved) and good blend of roasted notes while still retaining the sour, citrus notes of a medium roast.  Good silky texture on the foam. My first time here as I was visiting Pittsburgh with friends, and it was a nice way to start the day.
2	This place pisses me off. I grind my own beans, I know what roasts I like, I know pour over and french press and aeropress and all that esoteric subculture I have a love/hate relationship with.I don't like being talked down to and explained they don't carry *anything* but sugar in the raw. Thanks but that's not how I drink my coffee and unless this is liquid gold, I don't want my coffee with a side of your useless MFA.
5	I can't believe I've reviewed this place twice already! But I feel like it's time to just drop in and say that their new space is INCREDIBLE! If you ever visited the old space, you know it was a cramped mess. I mean mess in the nicest possible way. It was "cozy.." Let's just stick with that.The issue was, it wasn't very conducive to work in. I wanted it to be, I could tell they wanted it to be, but it didn't quite work. The downstairs had a small bar, but it was right in front of the counter, so you couldn't sit there and work or have a convo easily.The upstairs had only a couple tables and maybe one decent outlet. But the outlet was on the ceiling. Yep, I kid you not. And it was so loose that I was sure I'd shock myself at some point (I did not, thank God). So, I head to the shop one day and it's closed. No sign saying anything. I was suddenly sad. My cozy little shop was gone! I end up going to Kaya a couple weeks later and realize they've just moved in next door a block from their old joint! I was so excited to visit!When I first walked in I was just amazed at how huge it is! It's massive! Tons of space downstairs and a cute little loft area further back. It's all dark wood which keeps the cozy feel, despite being 5 times the size.Oh, and the coffee and tea? Still the same. Nothing really new to report. I go for the tea, and although they don't have an extensive tea list, I respect the craft and do like that I don't have to add any sugar to my black tea. Just a spot o' milk (which they've never yelled at me for asking for!). Sometimes, I'll treat myself to that glorious mocha (made with chocolate milk!). If you haven't stopped in yet, GO! Now you have a place for meetings and PLENTY of outlets that won't kill you.
5	Have you seen the new space? you should really check out their new space. The old space, I liked it, it was just fine. The coffee the served was awesome, carefully executed, and simply delicious. The staff was lovely and nice to talk to. Then they moved! AND EVERYTHING GOT EVEN BETTER! Now there's a bunch of space so if you want to hang out awhile that's cool. And they're putting in a coworking space in their loft area. And they put in a sweet garage door to open on lovely days.Seriously folks, the new space has got me hooked times a million. You should visit, I know you'll love it too.
5	Coming from Los Angeles, I was no stranger to Intelligentsia. So I was excited to find out 21st St. carried it!They coffee is fantastic - among the best in Pittsburgh. The latte art is always spot on, and the espresso is pulled just right. If you're looking to buy beans, the baristas are knowledgeable, and can provide recommendations based on your personal preferences.Oh, and the new space? Nice, clean, and it feels spacious with the high ceilings. There are a few outlets around if you want to try and work, but not a whole bunch. Still, I've never had trouble snagging one.My only wish is that they stayed open later!
5	Hands down The BEST Mocha in town! I love Tazza D'oro's SO spro, Italian Cap, skim latte, chai latte ... and pretty much everything. But mocha, oh, 21th street's mocha - fantastic balance of intellegencia spro, local organic milk and fine cocoa. Yum!
5	Thanks to the Queen of Pittsburgh, Rachel C, for introducing me to this uber-cool coffee shop in the Strip District. First off, I would love to have a coffee shop in my city that has the open air/garage door concept. The beauty of fresh air yet ability to see your screen all rolled into one? I could work for days on end at this place. Highlights:*Tea Party: An order of the caffeine loaded Jasmine (delicious) tea comes with three cups - ensuring hours of fresh and warm tea. Plus in the adorable small cup it's served in you can feel like you're having a tea party in an industrial setting. If that's your kinda thang. It's T-totally mine. *Second floor/atmosphere: There is a space tucked away upstairs that can be used for meetings and the downstairs has an open and airy feel with tables that are spaced out more than most shops. What I'm trying to say is, can I please load up this building and business and bring it to Indy?*Location: I can't seem to get enough of the Strip District. It's refreshing in a rough and authentic way. Zero bullshit, zero putting on a show. From coffee shops like 21st Street to eateries boasting piled-high sandwiches and Polish borscht, it's all walkable and charmingly tucked away in this downtown neighborhood. *Parking: easy peasy across the street for only $5 or in one of the several lots in the area.
5	Fantastic coffee shop. Their espresso drinks are consistently excellent and their ever-changing selection of pour over coffee is outstanding. I love to try their new selections and take recommendations from the well-trained staff. The new location next to Kaya is a pleasant, open space. One of my favorite spots to get some work done, especially in warm weather when the big garage door is open! I would like to see some cozier or more comfortable furniture in the future.
5	Spacious. This is the first word that will enter your head when you see this place. It is the most spacious coffee shop that you will ever have encountered in an urban area. It has a rustic esthetic and interesting coffee options that I haven't seen anywhere else. They made some sort of compressed cappuccino thing that tasted delicious. I don't remember the name of it and for that I apologize to you, dear reader.
1	I was actually really taken aback by all the positive reviews this place has received.  Maybe I went in on a bad day?  Because I was unfamiliar with the menu, my boyfriend and the barista assured me I wasn't obligated to order from the menu and I could have anything I wanted.  So I ordered "a shot in the dark," which, anywhere else I've ordered it, it's been a cup of coffee with a shot of espresso.When I told the barista that's what I wanted, she replied (somewhat haughtily): "We don't really do that, because that compromises the flavor profile of the coffee.  I can get you a cup of coffee and an espresso."EXCUSE ME?!??  I don't have to order from the menu and I can have anything I want and then you're going to ARGUE with me about my order??I tensely agreed to have my order the way SHE TOLD ME TO and even left a dollar in the tip jar (I can't help myself, I used to work in the service industry and know how hard it is and am just unable to resist dropping a dollar into an open tip jar despite being treated poorly).When my order (totaling about $8, mind you) was placed on the counter, I dumped the shot of espresso into the coffee in front of both baristas and walked out without saying a word. Unless for some reason goods and services are provided to me without charge, I will NEVER set foot in this establishment again.  The coffee wasn't that good (and yes, I'm willing to admit that perhaps I "don't know" good coffee) but I would rather go to a lousy national chain than ever give this company one more cent of my money the next time I need a caffeine fix.  I am glad more people in this thread have had a more positive experience, because, honestly, this was one of the worst coffee/customer experiences of my life.  I was unable to calm down for a few hours afterward.  If this establishment burns to the ground (without anyone getting hurt), I'd be thrilled.
4	Really good coffee with a hefty price tag.
5	If I want a great cup of black coffee or a cap, this is my favorite place in pittsburgh. I enjoy their new space, so much more spacious and less chaotic. Still wish they had better selections of baked goods, but I understand that's not their focus so I usually grab something to eat somewhere else. Friendly staff.
3	I sooo want to love this place. Really, I do.They do many things right... Verging on awesome:Great new digs,Gourmet beans,Single cup pour over,Convenient location (at least for me).BUT, and it's almost beyond my comprehension why this is the case, they don't offer half-and-half!!??I'm my own version of a coffee snob... But I like cream in my coffee.  Yes, they have 2% Milk... If you ASK.  After a short coffee snob lecture about how their coffee tastes best without milk, they'll pull it out of the fridge.  How hard would it be to also have cream in the fridge?So if you like your Jo straight up, no add ons, this is a really nice coffee shop. But if you're a coffee heathen - as I apparently am - you'll want to find another coffee shop that serves half-and-half with the cup - meaning - pretty much any other coffee shop in the world.
2	No skim milk?!? I don't think I'm the customer this place is looking for. The actual shop is nice. Great, lovely open space. But crazy expensive artisan gourmet coffee isn't for me. No warm and fuzzy vibe from the staff. Just rude sidelong glances when I asked about skim milk. I would only return if I find a coffee snob friend I really wanted to impress.
4	You may have blinked and missed it, but not every coffee shop operates like a Starbucks clone anymore. The new wave of coffee shop, focused on single origin roasts and craft extraction methods, operates more like a wine bar. Adding creamer to your pourover/Aeropress is akin adding ice to a chardonnay. You're diluting the work and craft for which you're paying. Yes, some people will still do it and maybe even prefer it, but don't expect to walk in here, request it, and not get a funny look. For the same reason, you aren't going to find a ton of fancy, non-standard lattes. I appreciate that 21st Street is bringing Intelligentsia roasts to Pittsburgh, but that's also why I'm limiting my review to 4 stars. If I'm going to spend $15-20 for 12oz of coffee, I'd generally prefer all of that to go to the roaster -- and there are local options where this is possible.Absent of buying beans here, I still enjoy going to 21st Street to try what they have in stock, get some insight from their knowledgable baristas, and enjoy a great espresso or cup of coffee. The new space they have is a wonderful respite from the crowds on the Strip or -- for me personally -- where I come to decompress after downtown meetings.
5	Maybe my favorite mocha, in numerous cities that I've been to. High quality coffee too. Nice place to hang out.
5	Intelligentsia Coffee = Intelligentsia Finesse and Quality.The Finca Matalapa El Salvador made with an aeropress is quite possibly the most amazing coffee I have ever tasted. This place will not disappoint- at least not to the true coffee lover.
4	This place is so big! There's a ton of room to sit and hang out for awhile if you'd like. It's not easy to find a coffee shop with adequate seating. There are so many coffee shops I would go to a lot more often except for the fact I know there won't be a place for me to sit and enjoy my cup. The coffee here is also on point. This isn't the place you go for fancy drinks with syrups or lots of options. They serve the classics like black coffee, espresso, lattes, cappuccinos, macchiatos, and tea. My only complaint is that they hide sugar packets from you to discourage you from sweetening your brew. I get that coffee doesn't "need" sugar if its good coffee, but some people just prefer their brew with a little sweetness!
1	I don't love pretentious places but I can handle it if it's backed up some serious skills. Every time I have gone to 21st St Coffee, I've always been put off by the staff and most recently, was not even impressed by the coffee (which, given how amazing Intelligentsia is, is really disappointing). You can get a tremendous pour-over at Commonplace Voluto or a dynamite italian-style espresso at La Prima around the corner. In a city filled with great coffee options, there's literally no reason to go here.
5	A friend and I stopped in last weekend to grab some coffee and catch up. Neither of us had ever been to this establishment before, but we thoroughly enjoyed our visit. The interior is quite spacious with a couple of smaller tables, some comfy lounge chairs, and a large communal table. Despite having an industrial feel, it's still very bright and cozy rather than intimidating and cavernous.I'm a huge fan of places that serve pour over coffee and really love the taste of Intelligentsia beans. I tried 2 different roasts during my visit (unfortunately their names are escaping me at the moment) and both were amazing. The baristas are friendly and take their time crafting everyone's beverages. I really enjoy their simple and straightforward approach, but that might be because I take my coffee black. It's a little pricier than the typical chain or even other local coffee shops in Pittsburgh, but the product you're receiving and the care gone into making it is worth it in my opinion.
5	Shockingly good.
4	21st Street Coffee serves some very fresh coffee. It's more of a grab and go shop than a sit down place. The line here gets a little long on the weekends, but it moves pretty fast.
5	I'm always excited to return to one of my favorite places -- it seems the novel takes place of being a regular anywhere these days. That, and I'm typically in no mood to be around people in the morning BEFORE I've had my coffee. But that is what a lunchtime coffee meet-up is good for: a reminder of a good business, serving really good coffee, in one the coolest spaces (in a neighborhood that I really don't spend any time in). And an extra caffeine boost for the afternoon.21st Street Coffee (not really located on 21st Street anymore, FYI) is one of the best in Pittsburgh for the classic coffee drinks (and tea!). I enjoyed the reminder of my love for both coffee treats and this establishment.Five shots of perfect espresso for you, 21st Street Coffee and Tea!
2	To set the stage for this review, you should know that I live in Northern California and thus am very familiar with high-end coffee houses that brew artisinal, organic, free-trade beans that are sustainably grown and roasted in microlots and not tested on animals.At its very best, coffee is an art form. I get that. I *love* that.But customer service is an art form, too, and it's where 21st Street Coffee and Tea falls flat. You'll get a fine coffee, but the service will leave you with the bitter aftertaste of an office kitchen's uncleaned Mister Coffee after a long weekend.A visit to 21st begins with you placing your order by tapping the screen of an iPad located next to the cash register. The beverage menu is designed to mimic the Periodic Table of the Elements, with two-letter abbreviations representing various brews and bevs.I couldn't find Cp or whatever the appropriate scientific abbreviation is for cappuccino. After a minute, a young barista offered to help."I can't seem to find cappuccino here.""It's there," came the liltingly condescending reply. He tapped the proper box, money was exchanged, a tip was given without the benefit of hindsight, and the happy duet of grinding beans and frothing milk began to play.When my beverage arrived, I looked without success for the customary kiosk of sugar and stirrers."Excuse me, where would I find the sugar?""Oh, we only have one sugar bowl," replied another barista. "Someone must have taken it to their table." Glancing at my cappuccino, he added, "Try it."Until milk comes from sugar cows, I'm pretty sure I'm going to want sugar in the beverage I just bought and thus own.When the barista saw that I wasn't going to "try it," he made a megaphone with his hands and shouted, "Paging the sugar bowl! Paging the sugar bowl."The sugar bowl did not reply.So I struck out on my own and found it. I added sugar to my cappuccino, which was delicious--though by this point, not quite warm enough.If you like your coffee with a tablespoon of smug, 21st Street Coffee and Tea is for you. If you like it with a teaspoon of sugar and a dollop of courteousness, go someplace else.
4	Delicious soy chai! Would have given 5 stars but no one greeted me or directed me where to order. Had to ask another patron. Otherwise gods service and tea.
5	Talk about making the most of your space, which is plentiful for this Strip District coffee shop slash warehouse. Well, that might be stretching it a bit, but not by much.I strolled in here on a Saturday morning and waited in line to try their often-praised Mocha, made with real chocolate milk. Long story short, it was worth the wait, especially for a coffee and chocolate fiend like me.I was fortunate to grab an empty chair to sip my drink and relax. Fortunately, the front garage door (yep) was open to allow everyone to enjoy the nice, morning weather. Despite the parking nightmare of the area, I was very happy to kick off my day on 21st Street.
5	my cappuccino was delicious. i enjoy making them at home as well as drinking them at coffee shops.  this cappuccino was as good as it gets.  these guys know what they are doing and take great care in making your drink.  also, this place has a lot of cool coffee trinkets and accessories for sale.
5	The hubby is a serious coffee snob, and he insisted that we swing by 21st Street Coffee and Tea on Sunday afternoon after brunch at Kaya. I'm more of a latte or mocha girl but can still really appreciate the incredible flavor of a quality beverage. He's taken me to both Blue Bottle and Intelligentsia in NYC, so I do have some good experience in trying a nice drink. I ordered an iced 2% milk mocha here and was blown away. I thought that this beverage was actually the best latte/mocha that I've ever consumed in my life. I believe the special, secret ingredient is the local chocolate milk that they add to the beverage. As I'm already craving another one of these drinks, I'm sure we'll be back soon!
3	I get that the coffee here is supposed to be very good and it's pour over, and if you are a coffee purist this is probably the best place for you. If, however, you dare to sully your coffee with artificial sweeteners prepare to be schooled on your uninformed palette. It's unfortunate because there aren't many options for coffee shops in the strip - places where you can sit and drink your coffee - and this one is practically tyrannical in their serving and preparation of the most basic elixir of life.
2	Two stars for customer service and staff's attitude... If I'm paying $4 for a "large" latte, I think I don't have to ask for sugar! I lived in Seattle for 10 years - a coffee snob town with one of the best independent coffee shops in the country. And I never had to ask for sugar, even in THE best coffee house in Seattle - Espresso Vivace. Wow really?!
5	I get what people are saying about the pretentiousness, but it's gotten better over the last year or two. At least, I haven't noticed it; they seem super nice now. (course, I'm coffee geeky myself.) At any rate, their coffee is consistently excellent, and their space is very pretty and a nice break from the bustling Strip on the weekends.
5	I always thought Intelligentsia coffee was delicious... But, opinions can change... Then I went to 21St. And I realized that Intelligentsia coffee is actually... extremely delicious.
