4	When they say a serious slice, they mean it. These are GIANT (and we're big eaters, folks). For $5 you get a slice of cheese pizza and a drink. You can upgrade combos with salads, wings, etc.Extra toppings are $.50 EACH. Hint: they are really generous with mushrooms, which are thick and meaty.While the crust was firm (you can actually pick up the monster slice--no folding needed) it wasn't great (on the crusty end--just not great flavor to it).We're big fans of the slightly spicy sauce though.
4	Huge slices.... and they are QUICK!  I know I can run in get a slice and a drink to go for only $5 and be in there  about 6-7 min.  I tried the garlic bread for the first time.... Ehh, it's ok.  I go for the pizza, it's good for the price. I am not a fan of spicy food, but the hint of spice they have in the sauce is just perfect for me.
5	Look I've seen this place compared to Venezia's and I have to disagree, Jimmy and Joes wins!  The amount of food you get for the price is spectacular.  They have their own hot sauce which is greatly superior to other Hot Sauce's.  The staff is friendly, and the food comes out quickly.  The pizza itself is delicious, great sauce and dough, and the toppings are wonderful.  Im glad they finally made a location closer to Tempe!  We used to drive quite a ways to the Chandler location.
5	If this place is YOUR type of pizza (Venezia's, NY-style pies) this is best of it's kind in the East Valley. I am always on a quest for the best in every category - pizza, Mexican Food, gastro-pub, what-have-you. It's family-owned, no corp-chains for me either whenever possible. Give this place a try...you will like and the folks who work there are really good - great service, great attitude, great experience. I got a pizza to go, but looks fine for a lunch or very casual dine. Didn't see any beer or wine...hopefully they catch the opportunity to serve up some great local craft beer and some wines. I'll be back.
4	This place has some mega huge pizza slices for lunch at a cheap price. I got the #2 which comes with a slice, half a dozen wings, and a soda for 7 bucks. Definitely worth checking out!
4	My husband and I have become regular fans of Jimmy and Joe's.  They have Gluten options if needed.  Previously, it was believed I was gluten intolerant but it was found I'm not.  Their slice could feed two easily and for the price it is well worth it.  I'm not a huge fan of their wings because they seem to just put a bunch of sauce on them and call it done.  Their salads are really good and reasonable priced as well.  If you are looking for a quick inexpensive pizza joint this is the place to go.
3	There is not much to say that hasn't already been said about this place. It is one of the better pizzerias in the Mesa. I have gone here quite a few times, usually stopping in for a slice. These slices are amazing! Some of the biggest single pizza slices that I have ever seen and not very expensive at all. They normally load on the toppings pretty well, not skimping nor overloading, but when you just buy a slice, toppings never stick onto the pizza, and here they seems to just sadly lay on top of a delicious slice. It is much better to just stick with a basic one if you want a slice and something crazier if you get a whole pizza. One sad part is they have some of the smallest wings I have ever seen. I am not the most knowledgeable when it comes to wings, but I have had my fair share and these were by far the smallest wings I have ever eaten. Not sure if they were just from the runt chickens of the pack or something. I've actually tried them on multiple times, thinking I may have had bad luck the first time, but again, I thought they were below-average on their size. Sad, since the barbecue sauce was DELICIOUS!A good place with some pretty decent lunch and daily deals.
4	My first time here. Service was fast and friendly. Had a HUGE slice of pepperoni to go. Really good, fresh, flavorful pizza. Love that I can get it by the slice!
4	Super good pizza and wings.  This place is now our "go to" for pizza delivery. I like that they have regular coupons and a VIP card to earn points for free stuff.   I prefer the boneless wings over the bone in, but just my preference.  Both are good and a must try with Joe's sauce!
2	The Single slices might be cheap but if you order one of the big pizza's it's crazy expensive. I ordered one of the meat combo pizza's in the "Big Jimmy" I think that is what they called it and it was $45! No Joke! Now if the pizza was amazing I would still think it was expensive but worth it. I did not find the $45 value in the pizza I received:( It was SPARSE on toppings and the dough was under cooked. We brought it home to eat but literally threw away 1/3 because it was just crust no toppings...... The photos someone posted are very accurate. Stick with the slices if you eat here.
2	I got a coupon for a free pizza from this restaurant (no strings attached!), so I got a medium pepperoni. It was delicious, great crust and generous size. Unfortunately, after looking over their menu, it seems that their prices are pretty darn steep. Not sure if I would pay that much for a pizza.
3	Great for an enormous slice for lunch. Otherwise, not dramatically better than a half dozen places nearby to justify their dramatically higher prices. Plus, they stop delivering 45 minutes before they close-that's always a pet peeve of mine, they are clearly more interested in getting out "on time" than servicing ALL customers right up till closing. Not like I want to call 5 minutes before closing, but c'mon.....45 MINUTES early? For me, that's a serious fail.They have frequent specials, but other than a lunchtime go-to, I pass. Too many better places that don't dictate to ME when I can order.
3	Went here the other day for a slice and some wings. I had heard good things about this place, and based on the awards and accolades hanging on the wall, my expectations were pretty high. The pizza is nowhere near award-winning. Not sure who is voting for these, but it's obvious they've never had a good slice of pizza. I'm by no means a pizza snob, but I've definitely had better and definitely had worse. The pizza and wings were both just OK. I can't justify eating average pizza while paying such high prices. Ordered a $5 pepperoni slice and they were not generous at all with the pepperoni. I'd rather go somewhere with comparable pizza and reasonable prices than come here. Would only come back here if I had a great coupon or if someone else paid.
4	Joe Doesn't Wear A JimmyBy The RueJimmy and Joe,I ain't your ho,And you know,I'm always your bro. Giant slice,Charge me twice,Ad some spice,Make it thrice.Wings or calzone,Just pic up the phone,Give a dog a bone,Take a girl home.Pineapple and jalapeno,I'm always your bro,You can call me your ho,Cause I'll come back for 'mo.Tuscianomoso (The End in Tuscan)
4	I love this pizza, venezias was my favorite until I found this place. Their hot sauce is amazing and if you like jalepenos they are actually hot and delicious not to mention the have yummy ranch too! Mmmmm gooood.
5	One of the best slice's in town. JimmyJoe sauce is delicious and free! The wings are really good, need to add some more flavors but good things will come in time. This just maybe my favorite pizza place, but It's on the fence with Venezia's pizza. Well it's  worth the stop!
4	Here's a Jimmy Joke About 'Yo Momma That You Might Not LikeBy The Rue Now, here's a little story I'd like to tell,About an awesome slice of pie that I like so well,It started long ago back in history,With 2 co-workers and me, The Rue D.I had a little hunger pang for titties and beer,I don't do strip clubs so let's go here,I didn't ride in a van, down with the man,Lunch a Jimmy and Joe's is the plan.One big nerd who is hungry,I'd go by myself without nobody,Stopped at the store to get food for my cat,Then it's time to grab a slice I don't care if I'm fat.Looking for Dobson, a friend asked why,I said "what's wrong with you man, are you high?" I told the guy who was driving I was dying of thirst,When we get to Jimmy and Joe's I'm ordering first,Lunch special #1 I didn't leave a tip,The cashier winked and handed me my debit card slip.I said "do you like bums?"She said "sure do hun".Asked her out for coke and rum,She said that sounds fun,Asked me if I knew a guy named Fred,I blinked, she winked and this is what she said,"Now my name is (insert name here) and this is my will,I think you should pick me up at 7 so we can go chill,We can go to the zoo and look at the deer,If we run into Fred you better stear clear." Walked away from the counter with my reciept and her pen,I'll tell you when my review is done, no need to say when.This song is much longer than I thought it to be,If you want to know what I ate, read my last review please. MMMMMMMMMMM DROPPPPP!!!
4	So many bad pizza places, but now and then you find a good one!  When I try a new pizza place I always order the same pizza so I get great comparisons.  I get a thin medium pizza with TOMB (my name for it, spooky eh?) Tomato, onions, mushrooms and bacon.  Their's was great, the pizza sauce was slightly spicy and I ordered extra sauce and cooked well done.  Slices of roma tomatoes, red onions and small brown mushroom caps.  The bacon was crumbled in very small pieces and not very abundant unfortunately, losing them a star. The crust was both crunchy and chewy, very pleasant.  All in all, a good find and I will be back.
1	Who ever said this is the best pizza in town either works there or knows someone that does. Because I just ate there and the pizza was bad. But the guy next to me his looked really good. The person that was working was his personal waitress thou.  I've been there more then a couple times it seems it's good when the owner is there. If you try it go to the one on Ray road,  it's better.  O what sauce ?
4	My daughter and I went here after seeing they participate in the Upromise dining program.  The pizza was fantastic!  So happy we found this place.  The healthy choice, cheeseless pizza with lots of veggies was delicious.  They even have gluten free crust.  My daughter had a serious cheese slice and she loved it.  And, the prices are reasonable.
5	jimmy joe sauce, o-so-good!!!
1	This place was good two years ago when it opened.  I used to love it.  They have since greatly increased their prices and decreased the quality of their pizza.  We live in the neighborhood and the last three times we ordered pizza it was delivered cold.  The cheese was skimped on and the sauce was almost non-existent.  The crust was burned.  The wings were well done on one side and almost raw on the other.  The price for this fiasco came to around $30 - with the delivery charge.  It was so bad we had to throw it out.  What a rip-off.
4	Confession time! I am a sucker for huge, greasy slices of pizza. Jimmy and Joe's pizza is all that and more. That goes double for huge, greasy slices of pizza that you need a pizza cutter to eat with chunks of meatball on top.I'll be honest when I say that the first time I saw the price of their Serious Slice with one topping, I did balk a little bit. But considering you get what would essentially be the equivalent of multiple slices in one glorious, greasy triangle served on it's own pizza pan, it's well worth the price.
1	This place takes 25 mins to make one slice of pizza on a Saturday afternoon. If your hungry and want 1 SLICE of pizza don't come here.
4	You can never go wrong with this place.
5	When you first walk in the prices set you back a little, seeing as one slice and a drink run about five bucks. But take a look at the pictures on here before you leave due to pricing, because their serious slices are seriously huge. It did take a little to come out, but it was definitely worth it when it got there.  It was the best pizza I've had in Phoenix, by far.
2	One of my coworkers recommended this place to me. I usually always to Big Boys across the street for pizza. But today I decided to come check them out. Ugh I shouldn't have steered away from what I knew was the best...I feel like I cheated on Big Boys. Ok well here's what I got: 1serious slice (w/pineapple & pepperoni), a drink & 6 boneless wings in their joe's sauce. Yea their pizza is a huge slice but really chewy and not really flavorful.  There wings were also very bland. Pepsi & fortune cookie were good. The person I went with also did not enjoy lunch. Especially her side "salad" which in my opinion was very sad. Also they charge .50cents per topping (cause the pizza only comes w/ cheese) so my $8 combo was easily $10.
1	I was really excited when I was handed a coupon at MCC for a free Serious Slice. No student in the right mind would pass up free food, so I high-tailed it to Jimmy and Joe's with my boyfriend, and immediately regretted my decision. The girl at the front counter was rude, very apparently rolling her eyes at us for not ordering drinks or toppings. I was astounded that this woman actually expected most college students to order more than what was covered by the coupon. Even more so, If you want to attract customers with free coupons, don't treat them with bad service on their first time in! I didn't think it could get worse until I got my food. I tried to penetrate the crust with the dull pizza cutter I was handed but had to settle for awkwardly cut, chewy, flavorless bits of pizza. Not even worth the free coupon.
1	I am only reviewing their gluten free pizza since that is the only kind I can eat. I went to Jimmy and Joe's specifically for the gluten free pizza. The GF only comes in medium, which for a 2 topping was about $17. The pizza was overcooked and actually black around the edges. Because GF pizza is usually thinner than regular pizza, it's an easy mistake for cooks to make, so I brought it to the attention of Sarah, the girl working the front. I showed her the dried-out pizza, all black around the edges and underneath. To my dismay, she said that that is normal for their GF pizzas. (Haven't they figured out that the GF pizza takes less time to cook)? As if explaining the reason, she said that they don't make the GF dough there; that it arrives frozen. I should have pointed out that I am sure it doesn't arrive burnt! She actually said, "Next time, tell them that you would like your pizza undercooked."  How about a do-over and cook the pizza properly?As soon as Picazzo's opens back up in Tempe this fall, I will return there for the best GF pizza in the area.
5	Love! Love! Love! This place. Espeically the Chicken Pesto pizza. The slices are HUGE so be careful if you order a "meal" with a slice and wings or salad or anything- you will be hard pressed to finish it solo! Prices are reasonable especially considering the size of the serving. Staff are always friendly and the place is always clean (a big deal to me!). Definitely the highlight of my week when I can grab a slice there!
4	I've eaten here many times and am never sorry I did afterwards. And now I see they are opening one in Ahwatukee right near where I live! Can't wait till that one opens.
5	This place, without a doubt, offers the best and biggest slices in the Valley. Delicious pizza, chicken wings even better than those at chicken wing places (GET THEM WITH JOE'S SAUCE) and home made salads, too.We've been to all three of their locations, including the newest one in Ahwatukee (unbelievable Coke machine!!) and always look forward to going back again.
4	I really like the boneless wings with Joe's sauce. The pizza is ok. The prices are pretty good.
5	love this place! love the people! hope it stays there for a long long time...
5	This place is amazing.  The slice of pizza that you get for their meal deals is huge and is sure to fill you up.  I would recommend that everyone try Jimmy & Joe's as it is a great slice of pizza and the people are really nice.  You never have to wait to long and Amy is very sweet and welcoming.
4	Great slices! Great wings. Not the cheapest by any measure, but you do get the quality you paid for.
4	Huge Slice and Drink for cheap..pizza decent for quick lunch
1	We have visited the  ahwatukee location twice.  The first time the toppings were sparse but the wings were good.  The second time the  toppings were wrong  on our takeout pizza and they did not show us the pizza as they normally did. We did not realize until we were home and did not call them to complain. Overall their wings are better than you would get at a chain but their pricing on pizza, minimal toppings  and lack to detail will keep this from being our pizza place.
4	Huge slice and 6 wings for under $10. That by itself is a win. As a bonus, its also really good. Stiff competition with Big Boys within walking distance. Gonna be gard to pick a place to get a slice drom now on.
5	Realty really good pizza, the dough is first class n the ingredients are top notch.I love the chicken pesto slice
1	I went to the location on Baseline a few days ago. It was our first time going there. Service:I would like to echo the same sentiment that other Yelpers have; their customer service is awful! We had never been there, so we took a few minutes to look over the menu board. There were no other customers there, it's not like anyone was waiting behind us. Apparently, we took too long for the cashier, because she stood there, impatiently staring us down, so that we would hurry up. The wait was ridiculous, seeing that no one else was there. The waitress/cashier brought our garlic bread, and sauce. She didn't say a word. Didn't offer us even a plate for the 4 of us. Seriously? The marinara sauce was ice cold. Do they really expect people to dip their warm food in ice cold sauce? They couldn't nuke it for 30 seconds?The waitress then brought our 2 pizzas. Again, very impatient for us to clear off our table of stuff. Never mind even offering to help clear stuff off. When we left, no acknowledgement from any of the staff. No "thank you", or "have a good evening", or anything.  The food:To be honest, I wasn't impressed. The pizza crust was fluffy, and not at all how pizza crust should be. There wasn't one bit of crispiness on it. It was pretty bland. Same with the garlic cheese bread. Tasted like just plain mozzarella on bread with a sprinkling of Italian seasoning. The toppings were good, and probably would have been better NOT on the pizza. I'm not sure what all the "rave reviews" and awards are about. Maybe the quality has changed since those were written? Maybe they confused this place with some place else? I wouldn't come back to this place again. I would go across the street to Buono's, or maybe down the way to Big Boy's Pizza. The quality is much better at those other places, and they acknowledge you, and treat you like a WELCOME customer, and not someone who came in to bother the staff and make them actually work.
4	Great pizza! The ingredients pop in your mouth and are hot right out of the oven, making the individual slices of pizza a steal of a deal. I got a slice of pizza a small house salad and a drink for $7. Not bad for lunch.A must try if you're around the area.
4	Yummm... NY style pizza,  and it's served by the slice...HUGE slice! I got the serious slice with 6 wings and a drink,  and it's more than enough to fill me up.   But in the grand scheme of NY style Jimmy and Joe's is a 4 star for stingy sauce and use of convection insted of wood ovens.   Don't get me wrong, their pizza sauce is good,  but it's always spread so thin its hard to taste.  The crust is a thin stretched hand tossed, and it's the best part of the pizza.  I recommend dipping the left over crust in the Jimmy and Joe's sauce they give you.   The wings are deep fried and tossed in a thousand Island based dressing,  mild but tasty. Good pizza,  good wings, I'll be back.
2	I would rather eat frozen pizza!  I got the serious slice.  I went with plain old cheese because I figured who can mess that up?  Well, apparently they were up for that challenge. If there was sauce on the crust (which was honestly the best part of the pizza) I couldn't find any!  It was completely dry and I couldn't find the cheese either.  I use to have lunch here at my previous job and always enjoyed it but apparently they have a new "chef" or have just given up.  I gave two stars because if you are looking for quantity for a decent price you will get that. But if you are looking for quality... Keep driving down the road.
4	Great boneless wings! Joe's sauce is awesome on then. Their slices and drink combo is delicious and cheap!
4	Decided to try something new. The pizza was pretty good. A little greasy but not so terrible you have to blot it with a napkin. The slices really are huge. 2 people could share one slice. The price is a little high. $5.50 for a slice and soda.  Even though there weren't many people it is still super unprofessional for the workers to be eating behind the counter, walking around with a slice of pizza. I would much rather see them sitting at a table where the customers are for their meal. The place could definitely use some new booths. They tried to cover the tears but there are many. All in all not a bad place to relax and have a slice. The staff was friendly and I did enjoy that they brought our pizza to us instead of calling our name. And the peach tea is fantastic.
1	I have to be honest. This is the second time coming here and I am still sorely disappointed. I had heard such great things. The pizza is pretty good (greasy but decent) but the wings leave much to be desired. I had an expired groupon which SHOULD be good once expired for the amount paid for the voucher which was $8. The girl checking me out told me that wasn't an option- either $7.50 or $10. I showed her irrefutably that it was for $8. She looked at me and said "it's only 50 cents." I agree that the monetary value is only 50 cents but the principle of it is bothersome to me. Why should I take the loss because their computer system is wrong? I suppose I find the whole thing frustrating. I will not be back.
4	The pizza here is excellent! The slices are huge and you can get a large salad, a serious slice which equals the size of like 3-4 Papa Johns slices along with a drink for around $7. Definitely check it out.
3	pretty good pizza. Not my favorite but I would eat there again if somebody else wanted to. their largest pizza is comically large.
2	Called a bit before close on Memorial Day weekend and was met by a gruff girl who was extremely irritated by us ordering slices close to close. She finally agreed and when we went into the store there were over 7 people still sitting and eating, not even close to empty. She was nicer when we came in and she realized we weren't there to keep her there past close. But Jesus, do you want business or not?
3	bomb pizza and ranch but the owner lady is rude. i only ran into her once and i never want to again i almost never came back because of her but luckily i have eaten there many times now and havnt seen her
1	This is the story of two cold and soggy pizzas, the never arriving pizza, an incredibly rude man who identified himself as "THE OWNER," and several failed chances to get it right.  One Saturday night I called Jimmy & Joe's Pizzeria to order a pie.  There was so much banging and loud noise in the background it was nearly impossible to hear the feeble seemingly untrained phone worker.  I ordered one of Jimmy & Joe's specialty pies.  What arrived at my door a mere hour and a half later was a cold soggy cheese and pineapple pizza.  Absolutely not what I ordered.  I called the driver and he promised to bring my specialty pie back.  A mere 40 minutes later he arrived with another cold and greasy mess albeit the pie we ordered.  Because we were starving, we accepted the pizza but finished baking it in our oven.  It wasn't too bad it you don't mind a lot of grease.  It's noteworthy that only two pieces were ever eaten.  I called the driver back.  He promised not to run my credit card or void the charge or something of the sort. The next day I checked my bank activity.  Guess what?  The errant pizza delivery driver had in fact NOT voided the charge.  I immediately called the store.  I endured more banging and loud noise.  I thought Jimmy & Joe's may be actually killing something or somebody in the kitchen where the phones must be located!  It's incredibly loud!  The manager, Amy promised me a $30.00 credit attached to my phone number for my next order.  She was very nice and said the chicken pesto pizza is often greasy because of the oil based pesto.The next Wednesday I called to give Jimmy & Joe's another chance to get it right.  While I could again hear them clearly murdering somebody or something, I was promised my "FREE" order and ended the call.  Wondering if maybe I should call the police because of the murder going on in the kitchen, I salivated waiting for my pie.  A short time later a very gruff and angry man called and said, "I'M THE OWNER." Then he said, "My driver is too damn busy and backed up to deliver a FREE pie."  I reminded the grumpy man that this wasn't a "FREE" pie.  That I had paid over $30.00 last time and only ever received two cold soggy greasy pizzas and nothing I ordered was eaten.  He none the less refused to honor Jimmy & Joe's prior commitment.  Bottom line folks, go somewhere else.  Clearly this mom and pop chain Jimmy & Joe's is out of their league.  I gave Jimmy & Joe's not one but several chances to get it right and Jimmy & Joe's blew each opportunity to get it right.  What continues to worry me is if they are hacking somebody to pieces in the kitchen.  But then again, maybe it's "THE OWNER." Or perhaps it's just their business they are killing.
1	HACKS! Be careful if you have a food allergy and you eat here!!!! I had one of their Grandma Blacks cookies which was loaded with walnuts, which I am allergic to. After eating the cookie I went into anaphylactic shock and was hospitalized for three days. There was NO mention anywhere in this restaurant on Baseline road of walnuts being used in any of their products. Not on the menus, not on the website, not on the damn wrapper for the cookie.When I approached the owner Terry Black about getting partial compensation for the thousands of dollars of hospital bills, I was met with little sympathy. Not even an apology. I can understand the owner not wanting to fork out the dough, and I even understand that there is no hard law in AZ that states you have to list allergens on your food products. But in this age of information, business ethics and customer service is everything and unfortunately this establishment LACKS just that. Years later and they still don't have any sort of allergy warnings on their menus or website. The day after my incident, the counter girl put a hand written note on the cookie jar that said 'may contain nuts'. That note was on for a day, tops! I am no longer a customer. These guys are poor excuses for restauranteurs. Stay away! Your life may depend on it if you have a food allergy.
3	The pizza was decent, wait time not bad or good, but Venezia's isn't all that far away and has way better slices -- especially for the price. If I was in a rush, I may try it again, but it's not a place I'd go out of the way for in the future.
5	Jimmy & Joe's is a nice, casual place to grab a slice and other stuff for an easy dinner night. Their gigantic slices are made with solid ingredients that leave you satisfied. Not only is the pizza delicious, but it makes for a cheap date night - very affordable ;) In summary, if you want great pizza and you don't want to change out of your sweats, Jimmy & Joe's is a place where you can have your dignity and eat it too.Bravo, Jimmy & Joe's!
1	Jimmy Joes on Baseline was fantastic  when it first opened.  Then it started to go downhill.  After a long boycott I decided to give them another try to see if things improved... they haven't .  I  wasted my time.  Lets say that  I got  a reheated slice with a side of attitude from the "owner" My slice had hardly  any cheese on it and the slice was served barely warm certainlly not up to temperature.  A lady asked "the owner" for some salt and he gave her a hard time. So for a good hot pizza slice larger than  J&J's   go across the street to Bob's Big Boy.
4	Really good pizza joint, since its right next to my house, it makes a great option. The pizza  slice is huge and the wings are tasty, I get the special #2 and that fills me up everytime!
5	Top Notch Pizza!  The cheese slice is excellent which is how I judge the quality of pizza joints.  The hot wings are classic old school Buffalo wings with supreme flavor.  The ranch dressing is what it should be which is very important, I can do shots of it.  The price is good.. a must try!
