4	This place has excellent potential--I hope it succeeds in the competitive market of Central Phoenix coffee shops! Great selection of wine and beer, and I love all the gorgeous art and handicrafts for sale. It's good to know a portion of the money I spend there goes right back into my community. Could use some help with regards to business processes (taking and fulfilling orders, keeping dining area tidy), but hopefully the staff will get a hang of this soon. Looks like this might be my new favorite coffee shop--much less pretentious than Lux and more welcoming than Copper Star!!
5	Im sitting here, listening to some excellent alt rock i dont know, across a table from my girlfriend, enjoying a coffee and an excellent breakfast burrito, and i cant help but think there are very few places i would rather be on this saturday morning. Its my first visit and i'm hooked. Try this place if you want a genuinely amazing multipurpose cafe experience.
5	OMG this is great! I love this little place... I got the Refugee Focaccia with the salad and the raspberry iced teas delicious. Service was awesome they were super friendly. Food was made from scratch and fresh... delish!On top of good food and good service-proceeds go to non profit services!Awesome! Must come here!
4	Good coffee, roasted by Cafe Esperanza and good beer on tap, including a dedicated "Hop Head Tap" for bitter beer lovers like myself. Happy hour from 3-6 puts their tasty draughts at $3. Wine, I believe, is also discounted. I haven't tried the food or pastries yet, but they look proper. Open wi-fi. Nice coffee house atmosphere with spacious and well lit indoor and outdoor seating. Live music on the weekends and even a conference room for meetings. They could probably do a bit more to block out the racket from 7th ave for the outdoor seating area, but the place has only been open for a few weeks. The cafe features arts and crafts made by refugees who were resettled in the Phoenix area. Proceeds from cafe go to funding Catholic Charities social equity programs. Despite the name, no actual refugees seem to work here and none of the menu items seem inspired by the diverse cuisine of the refugee communities. Would be nice to see some diversity behind the counter. My only other complaint is the endless Indie Pop playlist. While the volume and bpm are okay for working, it misses hip and lands somewhere between Tilly's and a Christian bookshop. A worthy endeavor and great place for coffee and lunch if you are feeling cramped at Copper Star. As of yet, it doesn't manage to pull off the dual cafe/bar vibe like Lux can, and thus is not really a place I would want to go for a drink unless it was a business-casual beer with coworkers.
5	Omggg. This is my favorite spot!!!!!! 2.3 seconds away from my house. :))) the people here is great, very friendly and energetic.I always get the decafe chai latte :) yummmmmmSissy got the Nutella mocha. Ehhhh. She didn't like it so much  It was too bland. Not even sweet..Deserts:: Baklava and the pumpkin cake is so delicious
5	Great place for a good cause. I recommend the Salmon Bruschetta, Tuna Sandwich, frozen latte, honey lemonade, and of course wine.
5	Great cafe, modern, clean interior, plenty of parking. The Focaccia bread sandwiches run about $10 and you get a nice, large, freshly made sandwich with a large.delicious house salad with candied pecans, croutons and Feta cheese.The salmon Bruschetta was amazing and the Proscuitto and Gruyere ones were great...and for $3 for two they were well worth it.Also they are charity driven so its for a great cause.The menu also shows some $5 breakfast choices so we'll definitely try it in the morning too. Coffee was smooth, full bodied and delicious. Free wifi.The wine and beer menu looks thoughtfully chosen and reasonably priced.They have just opened so time to show them some love people :)
5	Can't wait to go back to try something else!  We tried the veggie and the Refuge sandwiches and they were great.  Also the chips and the homemade salsa were a treat!  It definitely didn't disappoint and I love that it is all for a good cause!
5	I will be nice and give you 5 Stars for the Iced Toddy and House Made Biscotti, but please please fix your WIFI. Understand that the expectation of a quality coffee house also having reliable wifi.
5	Legit  lattes to my utter delight & I am a stickler in this regard. Great panini pressed breakfast sandwich which they serve w. Salsa. Salmon bruschetta highly recommended- very fresh w. Great goat cheese. Give this new place a try - good service and non-profit to boot for good cause! Going back!
4	Had a great panini. Good bread and delicious ingredients. Service is on the lax side. Just because people step in the establishment to have a good cup of coffee and kick back doesn't mean the employees need to as well.
4	Stopped in the day after Thanksgiving to kill some time. We ordered an Eye Opener, a Chai Latte and the hummus plate. Dad added his own cream to the Eye Opener, and my Chai was piping hot, spicy and sweet. Hummus plate was gobbled down within minutes--- fresh, cold veggies (red peppers, cukes and carrots), nice pile of assorted olives and crumbled feta, several triangles of warm, soft pita- all with a generous crock of smooth, classic hummus- tahini flavor coming through without too much garlic. Dad complained his "large" beverage seemed smaller than he expected, but that was the only complaint.Bathrooms were shiny-clean. Comfy seating throughout dining area with music playing at the perfect volume. Art for sale on the walls and in a display case, apparently all by refugee artists living in the Phoenix area. Parking is limited, which is typical for this part of town.LOVE!
5	This is our new favorite coffee spot...the coffee was great (they have almond milk-yay!) and hubby loved his bfast burrito. Outdoor patio is a great spot to bring dogs; ours loved it.  Inside, they have local art and reasonably priced gifts, made by refugees who live in Phoenix... Staff was very friendly and pretty quick....great concept, great spot...will be back often!
4	Great location for me! Nice, clean space. The drinks and food are really, REALLY good, the service is just kind of...cold?Today I had a little apple tartlet with cheddar in the crust! Delicious! The cayenne mocha had just the right amount of spiciness to make it perfect. I forget the name of the other drink that I tried, it was a mocha made with dark chocolate and orange. Amazing.The food is awesome, I've had the grilled cheese made with goat and cheddar cheeses (it's a must try combination) and the roasted beet salad, which is by far the best salad I've ever tried.The prices are in-line with everywhere else, specialty drinks $4-5, the grilled cheese was $6 and the salad was $10.The salad had the perfect beet to goat cheese ratio, but could have used quite a bit more lettuce. It was really an $8 salad. $2 more worth of lettuce next time please.I would probably five this place a 5 star rating based on food and beverage alone, but only 3 stars (still A-OK) for service. While everyone is nice, no one is really friendly. I sat at the bar the first time and no one talked to me  and my attempts at small talk were awkwardly avoided. The Refuge Cafe has a lot of positive things its doing, why not talk about it to their customers?
5	Cute place. Awesome coffee and tea drinks - made by a true barista guy but I can't remember his name, and a decent menu all day. In addition, they have a small but thoughtful beer and wine list. Good location on 7th ave. triple bonus points because all profits go to supporting catholic charities.
5	Great coffee, hip without being hipster, food, art, beer, wine and wireless what more could a coffee house regular want? And just learned this place sells many hand made items to benefit refugees around the world gotta love coffee with a cause!
5	I had read about this place and wanted to check it out since it opened.  Since I needed to meet with a couple of people in the area, I thought this would be the perfect opportunity.  It is a great place to hold a casual meeting.  The atmosphere was inviting, and we all enjoyed our drinks (REAL apple juice...not the super-sweet garbage in a bottle that most places have...for me coffee for the other two people).  The paintings on the wall are interesting, and the artists receive 100% of the proceeds on the sales.  It is the ideal way to support a terrific cause for this non-profit as they help refugees.
5	A few remarks: 1.  This cafe is run by a charity; their mission is to help alleviate homelessness & generally be good humans.  Amazing.2. The pulled pork sandwich is completely amazing. Period. It has this soft, yummy bun with a bean spread, pickled onions & avocado.  Super yummy & filling.3.  Where in the Valley can you get a side salad (creamy balsamic vinaigrette, spring mix, croutons) with candied walnuts at zero extra charge?4.  My order was under $35 before tip* Two beers (one bottled, one draft) * Cucumber/jalapeno/onion appetizer* Sandwich with side* CookieRefuge is my new favorite neighborhood place!  Kudos to the GM and Chef; it's a joy to find a new place with a fresh approach to being a local business.
5	I drove by this place a few times when it was still a "coming soon"... and I'm glad I finally stopped in!  Refuge's exposed brick walls and finished concrete floors provide a cool modern look in a chill, comfortable, and relaxing environment.The barristas/staff all seem friendly and knowledgeable and it's actually a fairly bustling place for having been open a relatively short period of time.For food, I have only tried the prosciutto bruschetta... and for $3 it was good, but small (two pieces), but it definitely hit the spot!Cupcakes are the standard make-at-home size, but only $2.  I will be sure to try them.  Today's special cupcake was a gingerbread cupcake with crushed ginger and raisins... and it was a larger size, but still only $2!Wifi + espresso + cheap eats = me coming back again and again!
5	The Refuge is my favorite neighborhood coffee stop. Very spacious with a completely relaxing atmosphere and friendly, laid back staff. You instantly feel like part of a family in this place. Great collection of local art, moody lighting, relaxing furniture, and chill beats makes it hard to want to ever leave The Refuge. Oh, and the coffee is great too, with several interesting combos. Try the Haboob!I've had breakfast and lunch here and each time is was delicious. The pulled pork tacos are the best pork tacos I have had.I also like that the beer and wine bar element is geared to a classy crowd without the classy prices. This makes for my top choice spot to take clients on business meetings. It's not formal or stuffy or fake like some Starbucks tend to come off as. You must visit The Refuge, especially since they have happy hour every day!
4	This place is a cute little spot to do some quality studying.  It's also nice to have breaks here with a warm lavender latte. And when you're hungry for something meaty, go for the pulled pork sandwich. It also comes with a side salad!
2	I want to like this place, I really do. But this operation further entrenches my belief that most coffee shops are a long ways from competing with Starbucks. Service is always painfully slow. They've made way to large attempt at getting fancy with their signature drinks. Their food is mediocre at best and it takes twice as long to get as it should.  Maybe if the refuge lost some of the pretense and sped up their service things would be better. It is indeed spacious. Has great art. Good music. And has a great rotation of draft beer. However, they're trying to be a competitor to Lux and they're a million miles away from being in the same league. Stick with Starbucks or Lux until this new business figures things out.
4	I found this place while my sister and I were out running some errands in the morning. I had my 9-month-old with me so I wanted a cozy cafe with couches so I could enjoy a coffee and be comfy with my little guy. The Refuge was just the place for this. The woman at the counter was so helpful and very patient in waiting for my sister and I to make up our mind on what we wanted to order. I ordered the American Breakfast Sandwich ( it was only $5!) and a 16 oz. Eye Opener Coffee. Both were absolutely dee-lish! The sandwich came with a side of tasty salsa and our order was hand delivered by an older man who I am assuming was one of the owners. He was so sweet towards my little guy and chatted with me about his own family. Both the restaurant and staff were warm and inviting. I will definitely be giving them my business again.
5	They've made a regular out of me after only two visits! This place has great coffee with house made syrups (today I had coffee cardamom). They serve beer and wine later on in the day. Their breakfast burritos are HUGE and delicious!! If you haven't hit up this melrose district coffee shop you definitely should!!
5	We had two breakfast burritos and two different kinds of coffee. EVerything was perfect  Salsa was nice. Atmosphere was good.  We could not ask for a better place to have lunch from out of state.  Recommend this place.  Besides having excellent food the prices for lunch were low.
4	I really liked the breakfast sandwich and the salsa that came with it. My latte was good and everything was priced well. It wasn't that loud so I was able to get some work done as well.
2	I hate to leave a bad review, especially to a new coffee shop just around the corner from me... but my experience the other morning warrants it.Decided to break away from Starbucks super efficient morning coffee run to try this place. There were about four people in front of me in line when I showed up. There was only one guy working as cashier and barista, so he had to go back and forth between the two. Took over 15 minutes for me to even get to the front of the line. I had been planning on ordering food with my coffee but I could tell that was going to take too long so I just got an iced coffee and went without breakfast. While I was in line, a lady came in who had apparently called in an order. The order was ready for her, but she still had to wait in line (behind me) to pay for it. She ended up walking out-- leaving the food behind-- because of the ridiculous wait. This is morning rush, they really need to be more prepared then that for the service given. Maybe someone called in sick that day or something? I don't care to make that a repeat experience, I need to get my coffee/food and get on my way to work. Maybe go in the morning if you don't have anywhere to be for a while. Not to mention the iced coffee was not good (if I'm comparing to ANY of the other cold brewed coffee I've had at other local coffee shops).
5	I am madly in love with the lavender white chocolate latte.  Its creamy and delish with the perfect amount of lavender where its not over powering and you can still taste the white chocolate.I also highly recommend the breakfast burritos. The veggie Is my fave. Fluffy scrambled eggs laced with cheddar cheese and seasonal veggies.  The tortilla its self is something to talk about. Its fluffy and light almost like a pita in style. It really adds to make this burrito the stand out it is. Served with a side of salsa and big enough to share.Not to mention this place is built on charity.  Part of the proceeds go to help refugees and all of the arts for sale inside are made by the refugees themselves.  This place is a definite on the list of places to go.!
4	I went to the Refuge yesterday after yoga for breakfast and coffee (sorry for my gross self coming in, haha) as part of my coffee tour of Phoenix (ftw!). The people working here were nice enough and the prices were pretty standard. I got a latte and a bacon/egg/cheese/potato breakfast burrito. The 4 star review is really for the latte alone, the latte was very good...the burrito, on the other hand, was not very good at all. It was very large, too big for just me. It had a lot of egg in it compared to other ingredients and didn't have much flavor (was supposed to be southwestern, not sure what made it southwestern at all). It was served with some terrible, flavorless salsa... just overall not impressive. I would come back for coffee, but not for food.
4	After driving by hundreds of times I finally stopped in to the Refuge last week. I was looking for a place to work, enjoy a coffee and a snack so I gave it a shot! The parking was easy and plentiful which is often a challenge in this area and sometimes deters me from other spots. There is a nice outdoor patio with shade and the inside is clean, modern with plenty of tables and comfy chairs to sit and chat or work. The young lady at the register was very friendly. Lots of coffee and drink options and some really good food choices, too. I had a latte and a breakfast burrito, the burrito was really tasty and a big portion for the price. The latte left a bit to be desired but I would go back because it's local, the overall experience was great and it is a nice place to sit and work or meet up with a friend.
4	The Refuge takes its name seriously: it is the most soothing of the many coffeehouses in roughly this neighborhood. It features -- prominently -- staff who are not sullen hipsters, but who are sweet and charming and helpful. It also features bizarre and wonderful coffee drinks -- lavender and chili peppers figure in them, though not in the same drink -- and a wine/beer liquor license. The spirit is distinctly soothed.Food quality varies widely enough to keep it at a 4-star rating. The breakfast burrito is so meh that when the counter clerk somehow misunderstood my vague babbling and ordered up a breakfast sandwich for me instead, I ended up grateful and delighted, as the breakfast sandwich turns out to be much better, with lots of butter and nice soft eggs. Henceforth, I am ordering the breakfast sandwich on purpose. Pastries similarly run from the meh to the sublime, but they're priced reasonably enough to not trigger severe buyer's remorse, and they seem to change fairly often, too.The coffee is apparently brewed for use in the amazing coffee drinks, so when consumed straight, over ice, it will put hair on your chest and, should you have any minor ailments that are ameliorated by application of caffeine, you will experience a miracle cure. I have no problem with this (it took my headache right away), but you need to be in the right mood for coffee that slaps you in the face.The setting is industrial-bungalow-chic, with local art, free wifi, and a nice patio. I believe this is run by Catholic Charities, which may explain the effort to create an aura of spiritual peace.
5	Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Most of all delicious food! My daughter loved the waffle. And the burrito was awesome-panini style! The lavender coffee delicious and unique. Yum! We'll be back!
4	This place is aptly named!  I've been wanting to try it for a while so decided to meet a colleague there for a strategy meeting.  We went in around Noon, grabbed a really yummy tea and a snack, and got to work.  There is great art for sale and some really cool crafts in display cases.  The place is  laid out nicely, with great lighting and nice, comfy furniture.  There was little noise and an overwhelmingly calming vibe.  The best part?  This place is owned by a charitable organization which is local and works to 'help folks get a new start in life.  I like all of these attributes and would support them just because they AREN'T Starbucks!  The fact that they are superb is just icing on the cake!
5	So happy I finally stopped here. First impressions are a tell all for food/beverage service joints, and The Refuge now has a new fan. All I ask is to be immediately acknowledged, receive friendly service, pay reasonable prices and enjoy it all in a clean environment; and this coffee shop/wine bar/ tasty delights hang out nailed it! You'll be happy you checked it out. I'll be there tomorrow, no doubt about it!
5	The Refuge is not just a great place for your Saturday breakfast; they are an AMAZING place for your office lunch or breakfast! I placed an order for 12 breakfast items plus coffees and needed it by 7:15, not only did the workers come in early to accommodate my order they got the order 100% right. The food was amazing, and my co-workers and I are officially their biggest fans and have been referring them to everyone. The staff is friendly the and the food is off the carts for the price. Please take the time to get to know this local gem.
5	A great local coffee, beer and wine cafe that is owned by Catholic Charities, so patronizing this establishment supports local refugee programs. Local art, jewelry and crafts done by refugees are also featured and available to purchase. The atmosphere is inviting and comfortable. The coffee and teas are outstanding and are roasted/made right here in Phoenix. The food is sourced with local ingredients and made fresh. I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich and the the tuna sandwich. The fresh salsa and chips and salad are both tasty side options. Actually, everything I have eaten here has been good! They have a nice private meeting room in back and right now they have a local "Promote Your Talent Showcase" the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month featuring various local musicians and vocalists in an intimate setting. I suggest that you stop by and try out this great new establishment that is focused on supporting local community.
5	Cookies!
4	How cool is this!? Proceeds from here help local charities through the Catholic Dioceses of Phoenix. So not only are you getting very tasty food,  great coffee and espresso drinks, beer and wine, you can feel your soul smile knowing the profit from your purchase will go to something good right here in your neighborhood.  The world needs more places like this! Try "The Jam" frapp, made with banana, peanut butter and Nutella. The bacon wrapped dates were especially delectable too, great atmosphere as well. My go to when in the Melrose Neighborhood!
5	I thoroughly enjoy this great place. Great beer selection so it is a great happy hour or weekend spot. Great coffee so great morning on the go. Also have had some of their food and have enjoyed it. The staff are very friendly and the business model benefiting refugee services is awesome to support. Highly recommend.
4	The Veggie wrap was Delish. This is an awesome place. I can't really add anything to what the other reviewers have said except maybe I would like to curl up here for a few hours with a great book. If you have to eat good food and drink good coffee why not donate to charity at the same time? I love eating and shopping for a cause.
5	Great place, good brews and food at decent prices.Atmosphere is modern/artsy.Great place for a date or afternoon snack.And it's non-profit!!!
4	Love this place! Very interesting latte choices I love. The cayenne lateral is great and I also love AZ sunset and the lavender isn't bad either.  They have almond milk too! And half your purchase goes to charity.
4	We stopped in last Saturday night to grab a drink and were pleasantly surprised that a nice jazz group was playing.  It was the perfect end to a day...a nice drink, great music and the best company ever.
4	Had breakfast here on Sunday morning.Nice quiet atmosphere. You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. Very friendly young lady server.Tried American breakfast sandwich and egg, veggie, potato and cheese burrito. Both were freshly made and came out hot. They don't have pancakes and waffles or French toast. Overall we enjoyed the quaint atmosphere and the food.
5	This place is awesome! The coffee is delicious and breakfast is amazing. I had the veggie burrito. The staff is also helpful and attentive. Danielle helped us at the counter and was very friendly. But everyone, including the cook checked on us! Great place for students with free wifi and a ten percent discount with a student id!
1	The Refuge's website and Facebook pages seem very vague about their association/being owned by Catholic Charities USA, which is a notoriously homophobic organization that repeatedly fights against gays and lesbians adopting children. The fact they are located in a heavily LGBTQ area of Phoenix and are not up front about who they really are almost seems like a slap in the face. Apparently the are a refuge for everyone except LGBTQ couples wanting to adopt.
5	Great feel to this place it is unique.  Friendly helpful staff. Fresh crisp vegetables and the hummus is to die for. It was an experience.  Loved it. Price is worth it. Atmosphere was calm, soft music perfect setting to anjoy a good meal. Might be considered a hole in the wall.
4	Yay! I'm a fan. Just moved to the neighborhood and love to support local coffee shops even though I do find myself at Starbucks more than I like to admit. But I have been to refuge 4 times now and have had a great experience each time! And I even brought the world's toughest critic when it comes to coffee or lattes, my wife! She loved it! The home-made treats were delicious, too! I still need to order some food which sounds really good. Someone mentioned the grill cheese and had a photo. i want one! I do bring my laptop and do my work which is why I visit cafe's so often. Wifi has worked great every time. I like how quiet and relaxing refuge is with comfy chairs if I decide I want one, with a friendly staff. The art on the walls created by refugees is really nice to see.I saw a Bloody Mary bar there one saturday and thought wow...next time I will come on a weekend and order one. I did just that a few weeks later, but...no Bloody Mary bar that day. I was disappointed. But not for long! I still ordered a Bloody Mary and it came with all the fixings on the side presented very nicely on classy plates! Stuffed olives, the wh... sauce, a dish of horseradish to make it as spicy as I wanted. A huge, fresh chunk of celery! Now that's a Bloody Mary! Oh I hate it in bars when there is no celery. Obviously refuge knows what they are doing. I'll be back many more times. I need to get over there and order some food tomorrow morning! I think there's a breakfast burrito with my name on it! And the white chocolate mocha! So gooooood!
5	Congratulations on one amazing year!  Delicious treats and smoothies!  Great concept!!  Such a relaxing and peaceful atmosphere!
5	Great place. I've been coming here for about six months now on at least a semi-monthly basis. The prices at very reasonable. It's community oriented and the staff is all very friend. It's not so crazy as Lux, but that's some of the draw. The Refuge is very active about developing its niche in the community.
5	I been scouting for a good pumpkin spice latte for at least a month now.  Here I have tried the most delicious pumpkin spice latte in town so far.  Not too sweet, not too bitter. You can taste the pumpkin and the spices. Great job guys.
5	I had lunch here and am stuffed! I had the pulled pork sandwich and a blueberry Italian cream soda - to die for! This place is a social charity and well worth a try! Their profits go toward refugees and the food is spectacular! They are a coffee and wine bar so go nuts! The ambiance is like a coffee lounge and bistro. I will be back!!!A solid 5 stars!
5	.
5	I've read positive reviews about this place yet I've never actually stopped by, sad really because I live walking distance. I finally decided to check it out and I will definitely be back to get a taste of the rest of the menu. I had the refuge mixed green salad and it was absolutely delicious. The salmon bruschetta was also delicious and that's involving the fact that I'm not all that crazy about salmon.
5	The Chai latte was amazing in flavor and the grilled cheese was excellent! The environment is chill and friendly. A perfect place to study or just hang out with friends! They also have a nice patio you can sit on and enjoy the nice Arizona weather! Keep up the great job guys and everyone should come here and bring your friends!
5	My boyfriend and I discovered the Refuge Cafe a couple months ago and fell in love. It's quaint,  comfy, and delicious. The staff are all super friendly and will go out of their way to accommodate anything you ask for. We've been there for breakfast and it's our favorite place to sit and have a cup of coffee. Not to mention they have the best oatmeal I have ever had in my life. We've also been there for their happy hour. They have some great beers on tap and a bunch of board games if you're into that. I recommend this place to everyone.
5	What a wonderful place. The ambiance is casual and fun.  The green chili pork taco plate is the best in the entire valley.  They also have some very unique and delicious cocktails.  A hidden gem.
4	Very friendly staff with a great drink selection!I am definitely a fan of this location. The staff members and atmosphere of this place are great. Everyone I have meet on staff has been really kind and knowledgeable of the products they brew and whatever is on tap. I love being able to talk beer and coffee with these guys. The business also has lots of great and unique items on sale around the shop. The Refuge owes its name this artwork and crafts on sale. They are products made from local refuges that are looking to showcase their skills and culture with the Phoenix community in hopes of making a little extra cash for themselves. Depending on what they have to showcase you can find some really great items for sale.The Refuge is a great place to go for a coffee or a drink to get some work done. They have a large meeting room in the back that you can book with the guys up front that is perfect for accommodating a meeting of +10. They also have lots of fun board games available to sit and play with your pals.A great location to go for work or to kill a few hours of time.
5	Well, I been to only a few cafes here and I got to say that this is absolutely my second favorite cafe. The location is far from where I reside but definitely worth going to for wifi or some hot chocolate. The atmosphere is great. It's quite the cafe to be at just with friends/family to meet up and talk about each other's day.
5	I am always looking for a home-grown business to support. When I found this place I found love. Great atmosphere good looking staff and a worthy cause. Thank you refuge.
5	This is a wonderful little hidden gem off of seventh Avenue they make incredible coffee. And they have a simple menu with all good selections on Saturday mornings they also have crapes which is probably their best. The chef Jacob it's an artist for this food.
5	Perfect little road stop. Quiet, super chill atmosphere. They normally serve breakfast only til 11am but made an exception for us since they had breakfast fixin's still. We hadn't even told her that's what we wanted. The menu is small and you order at the counter like a deli. The breakfast sandwich for $5. Served very fast and filled us right up containing the protein I needed to get me from hangry to serene. A perfect little stop with some pretty cool art for sale too made by local refugees. All proceeds from this little cafe go to local programs run by Catholic charities.
2	I figured it was worth a shot, I've been passing it for awhile, looks like a nice place that has wine etc...Well I was disappointed, not only was it practically empty the service was incredibly slow. I was walking out when the girl behind the counter finally came back to take my order after she slowly prepared a few drinks for the other customer. So I ordered some bruschetta (which was good, but over priced) and a bottle of wine yet my opinion still didn't chance.Food was good, other than that I don't think I'd return.
5	Incredibly friendly staff, great pastries made ON SITE - You can smell them actually baking, OPEN wi-fi that WORKS, not TOO loud so you can work, good lighting, they have a conference room in the back, proceeds support local charity in PHX - So ALL great things here. Add this to your co-working, meet friends, morning/pm coffee needs and sweet tooth. I didn't have the feta/goat cheese sandwich  - but my friend's looked and smelled divine! Love this place so far!!
