5	Changing menu based on available good stuff, bar marco has that old world italian simplicity down with a great palate. Everything we tried was top notch. New owners make it more open and with a friendly but slightly classy atmosphere, but it's not a place you go in if you are in a rush. Like in Italy...take your time here.
5	Simple, refreshing, and delicious. Sit down, order yourself a glass of wine or one of their excellent cocktails and eat as much as you can of everything off the menu. Memorable items include an elk and sour cherry pate, some kind of magical prosciutto that I wished I had asked more questions about, an addictive cheese and potato frico, and a caponata that felt like what happens when your favorite Italian grandmother knows you've had a really bad day and is having a particularly good day in the kitchen. From the cocktail menu goes I found the Chartreuse, a (yellow?) chartreuse based cocktail with a giant sprig of thyme, and the Joe Rickey, Bar Marco's take on a lime rickey, to be particularly inspired.  As the last reviewer mentioned, this is a place to take your time and enjoy the food and service; eat too much, drink too much, and ask the staff about what you're eating and more importantly what you should be eating, because the menu/liquor selection is packed with worthwhile surprises.
5	The service and atmosphere at Bar Marco was more than awesome!  The staff was incredibly personable, and the drinks were some of the most unique combinations I've seen in Pittsburgh. My Gimlet with tequila was delicious! The "snacks" that we enjoyed were amazing and prepared perfectly. The carrots and mushrooms in the frito miso were the best beer battered anythings I've ever had. I'd expect that this place is going to be extremely hard to get into in a month or two. Go now! And experience how great this place is. I'm going back for sure! Thanks guys!
5	I went to Bar Marco this past weekend with a few friends and boy did we find a gem in Pittsburgh.  This new spot has everything I look for in an ideal restaurant.  For starters it is extremely cozy, not in a cramped I can't get to the bar south-side sort of way, instead the owners welcome you to the bar, discuss wine/drink options and make you feel at home.  The food is OUTSTANDING!  I can't say in all my years of being a very serious carnivore have I been able to find a rib-eye so marvelously seasoned and beautifully cooked.  Not to mention, it was enormous.   As their menu rotates, I can only hope to catch another one in the near future.  The snacks were delicious too, my favorite being the sausage and polenta, with the meatballs as a close second.   This is one of those places you should go and enjoy slowly; a little bubbly, a yummy snack, followed by a good glass of wine and maybe an entree to share.  The only downside was it was a little chilly, but then again it was January in Pittsburgh.  Simply said, come fully clothed and you will be fine.  I hear there is a patio to come....... Could be the perfect summer's night spot!
5	We were delighted with delicious food (Duck BLT blew our minds and our taste buds; winter meatballs were amazing) that was complemented by great drink pairings suggested by the amiable and helpful staff. The space is charming and comfortable, and after one visit, I rushed to make a Valentine's Day reservation (almost two months in advance).
5	Cool new bar in an old firehouse that seriously knows drinks. I'd been to that location when it was Embry and even though the decor has changed to a more modern, sleek look, this is spot still has a great vibe and savvy owners.  I was pleasantly surprised by their original food and bar snack menu as well as their accurate knowledge of spirits and wines. Marco himself mixed me a perfect Aperol Spritz which is one of my favorite drinks. When visiting Pittsburgh, I will definitely be back to indulge. I just wish the free appetizer coupon that the owner gave me hadn't fallen out of my coat pocket walking back to my hotel!
5	This is the kind of place I've been searching for in Pittsburgh since moving back after living in a couple other cities....great wine, excellent cocktails, friendly staff and amazing food all in a very cool space. I love a quaint bar where you can sit and enjoy all kinds of fantastic wine (or cocktails) and delicious food while having great conversation with the folks behind the bar. Run, don't walk, to Bar Marco.
2	Not ready for primetime.Looks like it's still in the midst of renovation.  ...That, or there's some serious inattention to detail here.  Stopped in for drinks, which were good, but nothing spectacular - certainly not worth the Manhattan prices they're charging for them.  (Their beer selection is really bad, too: hotel restaurant bad.  It's 2012; beer isn't low-class anymore.  Not a single IPA or Belgian on the menu, but they did have multiple mass-market swill beers.)  I'm not usually too harsh on decor unless you're aspiring to be an upscale place.  This place is pretty bad.  All hard surfaces, so the sound is really, really bad.  With only about 20 people in the place, it's nearly impossible to carry on a conversation.  The fact that their window "sign" is still in grease pencil at least a month after opening says a lot about the attention to detail.I can't comment on food, so take this with a grain of salt, but the rest of the place needs a lot of work.
3	Bar Marco is not Embury, and that is not necessarily a bad thing. This bar/restaurant has completely revamped the first floor - opening it up and painting everything white. It's a spectacular space. The second floor is a dead unused cavern. They are self-professed at having a small, tasty food menu with highlights being nibbles from the Crested Duck Charcuterie. They have an interesting and small wine list. Their cocktail list is also interesting, but could use some more explanation. One of my dining companions was not impressed by the "Bar Marco Manhattan" which could have been remedied by simply listing the basic ingredients. After only 4 weeks being open, their paper menu listed only 3 red wines, and one of them was under substitution. The website is similarly out of date. Sitting in Embury's old digs is tough competition. Bar Marco has promise. I love the concept of their food, wine, cocktails, and space, but at this point, all are lacking something in execution. I'm looking forward to returning after some more finishing touches when I hope they can earn another star.
5	I am very excited about Bar Marco.  We stopped by for pre-dinner drinks (excellent), and will definitely be back to sample the food and more drinks.The interior is minimalist but with some fun art on the wall.  Rumor has it that upstairs is going to become a gallery with wine bar, which should make for a very cool space.Our server was super friendly and attentive, the menu and cocktail list was explained in detail and with enthusiasm, and even though we were there briefly, we were made to feel very welcome.  The patatas bravas were excellent, as were the manhattan and gimlet.  This will be our new go-to place.  And I'm very happy about that!
5	I'm currently on a two week exploration into restaurants and bars that are new to me, and I keep finding great spots and Bar Marco is a place that I will find myself frequenting.As someone's review mentioned, the space is a work in progress, but it currently has a industrial style feel to it that I love.  Polished concrete floors, stainless steel bar, unique light fixtures, and glazed brick walls that you cannot find in a newly constructed space.After a fairly good meal at Andrew's Steakhouse in Rivers Casino (and paying for the meal by playing Roulette after), the idea came into my head to head to Bar Marco after reading a few of the reviews on Yelp, and missing Embers and Fire House Lounge.  The Bar is owned by four friends, that you can tell are having fun with what they do.  We weren't there to eat, but to have a few cocktails, and so I ordered a Perfect Manhattan and told the bartender (Bobby) to use which ever bourbon he preferred.  He instead talked me into having their Bar Marco Manhattan, and gave me the story behind his creation which was based on recreating some famous turn of the century mixologist, but didn't have exactly what the receipt called for so heused what was on hand and came up with the Bar Marco Manhattan.  This was very tasty so for rounds two and three he was given the right to decide what I wanted to drink, which was apparently the Gimblet, and the 'treuse.  The ice melted too fast for the Gimblet because the first few sips were watery, but half way thru it was excellent.  Especially with the red pepper garnish.  The 'treuse was also excellent, and with rosemary incorporated into it it became really exceptional.As I mentioned we weren't there to eat, but I kept eyeing everyone's food.  And the owner's kept giving me food to try, and I must say it was very good.  Especially the duck...actually I think everything I tried was duck (it must have been the theme of the night)The atmosphere was great, the drinks were great, but the friendliness and passion of the staff is what will bring me back again.The one thing that they need for the winter is a way to keep the draft out as the door opens.
4	This was my first time here at Bar Marco and I only came for some drinks.  I ended up ordering a couple of the Aperol Spritzes, which were very tasty.  Most of the wait staff was friendly, and one of the guys ended up having to explain each drink to us, because we were unfamiliar with them and the menu lacked any description.  The overall vibe to the place is something like a trendy casual bar you'd find somewhere in Rome.  I will say though, once we ordered our first round, the service seemed to slack off.  Took quite a while to get our server's attention for some more drinks and it took even longer to get the check from him.  Nonetheless, I will definitely be back, especially once the upstairs wine bar/art gallery are open.
4	(See update below for a more recent assessment)Between 3 and 4 stars. 4 stars for the effort, and because it's a new place. 3 for the service and cocktails that can improve a bit. Small, but nice crowd on Saturday evening. Our party of 4 was able to find a table to sit and drink, and the bar was not too noisy. Does not happen in every bar in Pittsburgh. Not the undergrad crowd, which is definitely a plus (say 25+).Service was a tad deficient. It was hard to get the attention of the staff, and it took them a while to serve us. On the other hand, the staff is very friendly. Their gimlet could be stronger and less watery (start with less ice, perhaps - also I am not entirely sure about the red pepper in it), but the manhattan was good. The list of cocktails is small. A longer list would be nice. The price is right for this kind of place. Most cocktails are around $8-10.*Update* 10/2012: I've been back there a few times, and overall I still like it, but I now have a more detailed views of what to like and what to dislike there. what's to like: The list of cocktails has grown very much since I was there. It's now substantial, and some of the cocktails are hits. Go for it, try, retry, and reretry.What's ok: The appetizers are still fine, although not extraordinary. Their bacon +dates are dry, and surely not worth $10. Their cold cuts are very good on the other hand.What's to dislike: I ate there recently, and I was under impressed. Based on my food (pork shoulder), I'd give only 2 stars. Surely not worth the $20 or so I paid for it. Upshot: I'll be back for cocktails, and probably for cheese and cold cuts. I'll skip the food. So will you if you are wise.
4	Steve and I came here on a whim Saturday night after seeing it was doing pretty well with Yelpers.  Interestingly, the couple sitting next to us at the bar had also decided to make a visit based on favorable reviews on Urbanspoon.  Bobby, our friendly bartender (and one of the owners), had heard of neither of these review sites but was pleased to hear his new business was getting good word of mouth!  We were really just in the market for drinks that night but the menu looked interesting so we also ended up getting some snacks.  As mentioned in other reviews, the menu leaves something to be desired in that it does not provide you with explanations or descriptions of anything, but as we were sitting at the bar, we had Bobby to pester with all of our questions and he happily gave us all the information we needed and made recommendations...many of which were NOT the most expensive things on the menu!  (I hate when servers do that).  One standout from the evening was the lomo, which is a cured pork loin, and was subbed in for the prosciutto on the snack menu.  I had never even heard of lomo, but Bobby said we had to try it and I'm so glad we did...it was amazing.  Just melt-in-your-mouth, buttery, delicious.  We also loved the Patatas Bravas, which were brought out complimentary for us to share with our neighbors, noting that it pairs really well with the Gimlet (which it did!).I think we might have tried every drink on the menu that evening but I was really impressed with the Manhattan and Steve really liked the Gimlet.  I'm not sure what it was called, but Bobby mentioned a drink of "red wine mixed with cola" which "all the young people in Spain drink".  By this point in the evening, that sounded exotic enough to peak my interest so I gave it a go.  I won't say I loved it, but it was definitely interesting!  There are some big plans for this place, the upstairs is intended to be an art gallery/wine bar and plans for an amazing outdoor patio are in the works.  Overall, I think this place is doing an excellent job for having only been open a short time and Steve and I definitely plan to come back, next time for dinner!
2	I'm going to break it down and perhaps my star rating will make sense to you and to me...b/c I was wavering between a 2 or a 3.  Background:Group of 5 (girls night) wanting to check out Bar Marco for drinks and dinner.  We made reservations for a Thursday night, but it wasn't necessary as we were the only ones at a table.  There were a handful of people at the bar, but tables empty.  Decor:Industrial and incomplete.  I get that they are new, but there's definitely more work to be done...get er done!  Chairs are cold and not that comfortable...it sorta feels like your sitting in a cold (the door brings in frequent drafts) high school cafeteria.  But a whole lot smaller.  Drinks:Gimlet - made with tequila.  I was a bit worried b/c I'm not a huge fan of tequila but it was a mild flavoring balanced by the sweet red pepper.  Overall, I was a fanbut perhaps it was relative to my next drink (ugh).  As mentioned in other reviews, the gimlet is a bit watery (too much ice?) but after a few sips it was better.   Aperol spritz - cough, cough...medicine that is.  That's what it tasted like to me, not a fan, had a few sips but couldn't finish it. Food:Our waiter told us that they (assuming chefs) would choose for us if we'd like. We were all down for that b/c we felt like they'd know best on what they make really well.  So here goes...Cheese/Meat plate: Now I can't remember everything on it, but I'll try to describe it:Walnut Pesto - it was ground up walnuts sweetened with something molded into a circle - tasty!Quince paste - it's like a jam, a bit fruity - indifferent.  Aged Cheddar - I like my cheeses sharp which this was not - average.Unidentified soft white cheese - it has a bite to it - good.Prosciutto - unexpectedly spicy - yum!Dirty martini salami - looked like a pepperoni with some peppercorns - weird tasting, did not taste like pepperoni (which I like).Snacks:Arancini w/ fried egg - decent, but Il Pizziaola makes it best!  It's basically a fried risotto ball.  The fried egg wasn't necessary and didn't add much to the dish.  Duck BLT - not a fan, but the rest of the group really liked this.  Greens & Beans - yum - this was delish.  It's white beans and kale in some sorta white sauce.  Patatas Bravas - yum - this was delish.  Fried potatoes with a smoky tomato chipotle like sauce is how I'd describe it.  Sauce was great.   Entrees: We sharedGoat Ragu - I felt like I was eating a dirty sock.  Did I mention I don't like goat meat, so this could have influenced the dirty laundry reference.  The pasta also seemed a bit undercooked.  Fish - I can't remember the details, but it was a white fish and had raisins, pine nuts, and some other seasonings.  It was really good.  Who would of thought fish and raisins would go together...apparently Bar Marco did.  Chocolate/Drink Flight PairingDark Chocolate - indifferent.  Chocolate covered Orange rind - tasted like a chocolate covered orange gummie slice.  good.  White chocolate - tasted like lemon cheese, not good.  You're probably thinking, "Whoa - that's a ton of food and whoa that's a long review" - um no, the plates are small and we each could have 1-2 bites of most things.  And, yes, this is a long ass review.  ServiceUmmm...hmmm...this is a tough one and I feel sorta bad that I can't just say "good", b/c it wasn't good but it wasn't bad - it was weird, odd, uncomfortable, distracting, annoying, funny - basically every other adjective other than "good" or "bad".  You have to go there to experience it.  Highlight reel:Gimlet, Patatas Bravas, Greens & Beans, maybe the fish entree, my friends (star rating not increased by my awesome friends).
2	OK I'll be honest.  I was fending off visiting this place the first time I heard about it a few months ago. A coworker told me that a "wine bar" had replaced my beloved embury.  I was in dismay.  I loved firehouse, embury, & Spencer (yes in exactly that combo!).  It was a great place to meet up friends, and bring out of towners, and really impress them.  As i digress.......  After a fun filled evening of doing taxes, and DH and I decided to hit up Bar Marco, in hopes of something good.  I had seen some good yelp reviews, and I always trust my yelpers... so my expectations were set high! I was sorely disappointed.  First off the place looks like it was just thrown together.. and I understand it's new blah blah blah.  But please have some decency to put in some plush "comfortable" chairs and possibly um a heater?  It wouldn't hurt.  I kept my coat on the whole time (sad face).  I ordered a glass of wine, which was good... but for being a "wine bar" they didn't have much selection.  If in fact is that what they are?  On to the food... I was totally unimpressed.  The saffron arancini balls (serving size 2 for 8 dollars, um that's $4 a pop for fried rice&cheese balls... are you kidding!?! ).  Now I'm one for good quality food, even if the portion size is small I don't mind paying for quality, this just wasn't good.  Along with our thinly sliced cheese (it was transparent!) and flavorless meat platter I was shaking my head.  Wishing that embury would magically appear... here's to hoping.
3	Made a reservation for 7 people at 6pm on a Thursday night given that there seemed to be a lot of hype and the joke was on me. We were the only diners in the place when we walked in (two people at the bar). While Bar Marco is still developing its venue, I do like the industrial feel. The chairs could use some cushions and the space could be heated more as I was freezing by the time dinner was done. Some other not so great things:* Their water wasn't filtered so you could taste the calcium* While there isn't anything wrong with PBR I haven't drank it since college so makes me raise my eyebrows to see it on a menu at a restaurant ranked 3 $ signs* The red wine was meh* And the service/host was well meaning and nice (he made sure that we always had a drink in hand - I like that style) but he got more spacey towards the end. You only have so much patience..The oks:* Chocolate pairings - I am not a huge fan of chocolate and hard liquor so while a nice concept just wasn't for me* AranciniHowever I do like to end on a positive note:* The vanilla orange thing drink - fantastic, bringing me back to the days of when I would drink Orange Julius every day and you'll find yourself finishing it within seconds* cheese, meat and things plate - quince paste, cheddar and spicey coppa stood out but we ordered six items and I would have gladly eaten it all* patatas bravas - potato chucks fried to perfection with a spicy sauce* duck blt - yes to anything with bacon!* greens and beans* goat ragu - al dente but I thought it was good, nothing spectacular tho* fish w/ raisins, onions and some other stuff* And lastly for all the things that we ate the price came out totally reasonable which I was pleasantly surprised byI would go back to Bar Marco when the weather warms up as I can see it being pleasant and only for drinks and snacks, not for dinner.
2	This was on weird experience.  It's hard to formulate what happened.I think I can only sum it up by saying it was a place that was JUST about ready to open, but not quite.  There was a casual atmosphere to the place, almost like you were walking into one of your friends houses.  One of your friends that totally unprepared and a little bit messy (probably me, seriously!).The service was extremely friendly, but not as knowledgeable as you'd expect for a "fine" dining experience.  The menu leaves little explanation of what you can choose from, so you're left with the server explaining it...if they can.  We were all very open to trying anything and not picky, so we went with the servers recommendations.  The first plate out, a charcuterie board was okay, but nothing too mind blowing.  A couple inventive meats, cheese and a really delish nut spread.  The next couple apps were hit or miss.  The duck BLT, crazy amazing!  The greens and beans, okay.  The boudin balls, a fried risotto ball, pretty good.  The patatas bravas, pretty awesome crispy homefry like dish.  Hit or miss.The main course, fell pretty flat.  We opted to split the Goat Ragu and the Fluke en Soar.  The Fluke was the better of the two, being flavorful with the vinegar and two HUGE pieces of fish, but missing a nice accent (small pieces of grape don't count).  The Ragu was not good.  The sauce wasn't very flavorful, or plentiful (I like a good sauce!) and I need to preface this by saying, I like al dente pasta and this was borderline right out of the box, maybe boiled for a minute, pasta.  The goat party, meh.  The real shinning star was the drinks.  I ordered the vanillaorange thing, which tasted like an Orange Julius.  Straight up, no lie, awesome!  My next drink was a red pepper accented tequila gimlet.  No traditional vodka.  It was very good, although a little watery than my friends first gimlet that I stole a sip of.  I wouldn't be opposed to coming in for a cocktail again, but I'd be wary about eating there again.  We'll see with time...
5	I just realized I tend to give a lot of 5-star ratings to places. This isn't because I'm an easy eater/drinker. I simply believe there are some world-class places in Pittsburgh that deserve recognition and high praise. I've eaten and drunk my way around many of the world's fine cities and culinary capitals, and what I'm seeing going on in Pittsburgh's food/drink scene is something special. Bar Marco in many ways epitomizes the great things that are happening in Pittsburgh. First, it is in the Strip. The Strip is a national treasure of a neighborhood and needs more places to go at night where you won't get shot (okay, only half kidding about that). There are some good things going on, and Bar Marco is a major addition to the night scene in the Strip. Second, it does incredible drinks. These guys know how to mix a cocktail and how to dream up some impressive combinations. This is the best place for cocktails in the city right now, and is up there with some of the hip mixology establishments in NYC. Third, the kitchen puts out some tasty dishes. Most are tapas style, which is perfect. Everything is delicious. Fourth, the space is very cool and nicely decorated. I want to buy the art off the walls! And finally, the guys who own and run Bar Marco really care about what they are doing. They are super friendly and clearly love what they are doing.This is going to be a hot spot. That's great -- but I hope they make sure there's always room for their "early adopters" who have supported it on cold, snowy, wet nights in the early days. I'm glad this place is just two blocks from where I live! That means I can have a few Manhattans (which are incredible) and stumble on home. This is exactly what the Strip needs in terms of a neighborhood bar (that isn't beer-driven).
4	Brunchy brunch brunch brunch.  I'm a sucker, a real sucker for cocktails and cured salmon on a Sunday.  All they had to do was post photos to facebook and offer champagne to the first 20 reservations and voila! I had a reservation for 6 for the inauguration day for brunch.  I do LOVE places that keep their Facebook/website like super up-to-date!  Much appreciated!!This place is cool.  It's cool for evening cocktails, appetizers, happy hour, or brunch.  It is also slightly "cold" as in, the acoustics.  It can be difficult to hear the person next to you when you turn your head.  Everything is like, concrete, tin, marble, tile, etc.The tables and bar are nicely placed and the menu has prices and is easy to read.  There were no cocktails listed on the brunch menu, though, which I didn't really like, but since I've been for drinks before, I kind of knew what they had.  The sangria was small, but it was only $5 (but sangria is a cheap drink...)I got the whiskey cured salmon.  It comes with cream cheese and capers and rye bread.  It was good, but a very small portion for $13.  I left hungry.  The risotto looked delicious.  A friend got the yogurt with an extra egg and she seemed to enjoy it.  They did bring out a complimentary little cup of the yogurt with apple slices before hand, which was nice, but we had no spoons!  I asked for spoons about twice and never got them.  Then someone picked up our yogurts before we were ever able to eat it :(The service is friendly (I've been once for cocktails and it was great service at the bar), but it was a little "first time-y", with the little things.  For example, we had a water jug, but no water glasses.  Then we had glasses but no more water. Had to ask a few times for it before we took a jug from an empty table.  The sangria took a good 20 min to get.  The food also took a while, but it was their first time, so that's understandable I guess.I hope that they improve.  I'd give the brunch 3 stars and the regular hours 4-5 stars.  I'd also love to see the patio that they are planning.  I think this place has tons of potential.Dear Bar Marco, get it together-really together, very soon!  The Pittsburgh market is getting competitive for these kinds of places and I don't want you to be left out with bad reviews!  You're right at the edge of not being new anymore and going to lose people with a bad experience.  I will be back, but I'd like it to be a go-to place and it's not quite there yet.  Alchemy N Ale is a prime example of a great place that just fell off at the beginning and may not recover.
5	I visited Bar Marco this past week and I have to say I was genuinely impressed. I want to touch on  a few of the things that really stood out to me, and which I felt justified the 5 star rating.Ambiance - Bar Marco sells itself as a bar/restaurant/art gallery/(soon to be) cigar lounge. At first hearing this I was skeptical that it could manage all of these personas at once, but the delivery is fantastic. For the art: surrounding the bar and dining area there are works by local artists, the entire upper floor is an art gallery, and they're constantly rotating in new pieces to keep it fresh. The bar is handmade by the owners of the restaurant, and it's truly a very nice piece of carpentry. If you have an eye for aesthetics and like to soak in some culture while you eat, this is the place.Food - While their menu is limited, it's justified in its brevity. Most of the dishes Bar Marco serves are hors d'oeuvre sized, and are great for sharing with a group. This adds to the lively atmosphere in that you're not solely engaged in your one dish, you're constantly passing around the medley of interesting and delicious dishes to sample and enjoy. It can be a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.Service - When I visited; I was with a group of 10 other college students. From experience, groups such as this are usually served last as they are stereotyped as being rowdy and cheap. We did not experience this at Bar Marco. We were served very quickly, the food and drinks kept coming, and multiple waiters ensured that we were being treated well. At no point did it appear to me that other diners were being neglected; everyone seemed very pleased with their meals. All in all, Bar Marco is a great place for dinner and drinks if you're looking for something a bit classier than what you'd usually expect in Pittsburgh. The crowd is very diverse, and the restaurant would appeal to anyone who enjoys fine dining in a casual setting. I anticipate returning frequently during the rest of my time studying in Pittsburgh.
5	Some time has passed since my previous review of Bar Marco, so I thought it was worth updating. My previous enthusiasm for Bar Marco remains in place; in fact, I'd say I'm even more excited about this fine little bar/restaurant now than I was last time. Bar Marco is a unique option in Pittsburgh's increasingly sophisticated and diverse food and drink landscape. Put simply, it is great and the guys should keep up the great work they are doing. This is fast-becoming a happening joint that I suspect isn't just for the neighborhood (there can't be that many people living in the Strip, and Cioppino's bar still seems packed on Friday and Saturday evenings with the older set from the Cork Factory). People are coming from other neighborhoods, which is a good sign.I've dedicated myself to a very rigorous review process of Bar Marco. That has meant going on an almost weekly basis at various times of the day and night (and, one time, twice on one day). This grueling (but rigorous) approach means that I have tried most of the drinks, most of the dishes, and seen the place in various "moods" depending on the day of the week and the time of day or night. I like all the food and all the drinks. But maybe I'm easy to please. What's impressive about Bar Marco is that they have managed to create a friendly, welcoming environment that can also be a hot spot on busy Friday and Saturday (late) nights. Under those conditions Bar Marco becomes a very cool bar filled to capacity with "Pittsters" (Pittsburgh hipsters) and beautiful people (but in a good way).  It is a very happening (and loud--also in a good way) room. Creating a vibe that can be cutting edge while remaining friendly and neighborhoodly requires some skill and effort, and reminds me of places in cities like New York and Paris that morph into various states of existence and moods throughout the course of the day or, in Bar Marco's case, evening. In conducting my rigorous research for this review I planted myself for many hours to observe how the mood changes from early evening (relaxed, after-work drinks and snacking, mostly) to late evening (the aforementioned sophisticated and "happening" bar vibe). I've also observed it at weekend brunch (relaxed), into the afternoon (still relaxed) and then evening (see above).It should also be noted that Bar Marco seems to be learning as they go and evolving their menu and service. If you went a while ago in their earlier days, I highly recommend a revisit. In fact, why not try something akin to my clearly scientifically rigorous sampling of this fine establishment at different times to see for yourself how it transforms with the day and time, as well as the people enjoying themselves.
2	I was in the Strip last week and noticed that their sign is still just white grease pencil in the window.  You stay classy, guys.
2	I really wasn't thrilled with the prices, service, portion sizes, or decor.  I think this place needs to figure out what kind of bar/restuarant it really wants to be and make adjustments to reflect that.
5	Amazing drinks! Amazing food! Amazing art! This is the perfect place to find a great dispora of creative people- from artists to tech to bankers! The owners are super cute too!
5	Darren took me here before seeing Candlebox at Altar Bar. That rhubarb cobbler=mmmmmmmmm. I loved the interiors and the staff and customers were a lot of fun. My Homegirl drink gave me a nice buzz too.
4	I'm hesitant on this four star choice, but it isn't three stars. let me explain.good people first off - nice bartenders, nice owner, friendly and chill.food - was fabulously good, however portion size is supe small. so if you're on a diet and want small portions for ridiculous pricing - this would be the place. drinks - creative and special is how i would put it. i like the creativity they put onto new drinks and turning classic drinks to something special. i would add that they could just leave the super classics to be classics. not to be overly crazy about making something super special. but all in all - drinks are still a plus here. the place is small and seating is limited, however a nice touch is that there is outside seating. there are tables you can eat off of and if you come on a good night, there's plenty of space available since this is fairly new.
5	Industrial chic, great people, almost like having dinner at a friends house, only better. Great food! Amazing really. They use local and fresh ingredients. The menu is always changing.  The wine list is nice, and the craft cocktails have won me over... Especially that good "Bourbon Lemonade." oh and the brunch is so good! The croque madam with a mango bloody Mary changed my life.
5	It's pretty rare that I will give 5 stars without even blinking. My boyfriend and I dined here while in town for a friend's wedding. The service is surprisingly casual, a bit funny, but the staff's knowledge and enthusiasm blew me away. The specialty cocktails are fantastic, the small plates are to die for (example: bacon wrapped dates). delicious and fun, so glad we went!
4	I just had brunch at Bar Marco for the first time, and the food was fantastic.  We split the frittata of the day (butternut squash and arugula) and the plantain pancakes.  It is evident that the quality of the food is important at Bar Marco, and the flavor was amazing.  Only downside was that it was so good I wanted more (they don't serve the traditional Pittsburgh portions...so you won't leave feeling stuffed) but rather it just means I'll have to come back again...and definitely try out one of the brunch cocktails, they looked amazing.  Great atmosphere for a Sunday morning brunch in the strip if you want good food, smaller portions, and don't want to stand in a line for an hour :)
4	Love this place!This place is super cute & service was stellar. Seems like a really neat place just to hang out for a while and catch up with friends!What we sampled:Maple glazed bacon: Duh, it obviously was amazing.Cheese Grits: Yep, deliciousBloody Mary: this was just OKFrench 75: Really good one!We just came in and snacked, but are planning on coming in sometime for breakfast because the things we did sample were pretty delish! Also, they get a lot of stuff for their breakfast menu (and I'm assuming the rest of their menu) from the fruit stands at the market down the street! So fresh and yummy!Pros: Atmosphere-loved the quirky decorations and laid back feel, food, drinks, service, purse hooks under the bar :)Cons: Bloody Mary, creepy art upstairs...sorry but that was Creepsville USA up there. I'm all for the art gallery upstairs, just not a bunch of death/execution scenes right before I eat my breakfast. yikes.
4	Bar Marco fills the physical emptiness that was Embury. The question is, would BM do justice to this former haven of libations?Inspired by a recent article about the cocktail and all its glory, courtesy of my girlfriend, we decided the quest for the current week was to imbibe and make pretentious "Grey Poupon" faces at one another. A normal date night. The destination: Bar Marco.Initially given a table, we were then informed that it was reserved, and thus we sat at the bar. Perhaps it was soreness from our workout routine, in which I aspire to be the second coming of the Macho Man, Randy Savage, but our hammies were sore and the seats were an uncomfortable affair. The menu of cocktails looked succinct, yet had a variety of top notch and delicious spirits combined into unique concoctions. I  was asked by the person next to me if I wouldnt mind her taking pictures. Apparently, the food porn was in full effect Friday night. My first drink,was a cocktail with Laphroig (bastion of all that is holy from the wee little country of Scotland), I believe it was called the Cooper. The Cooper was similar to other craft whiskey drinks, with a hint of citrus to complement the flavors. Whether it be food or drink, the beauty lies in a contrast of all flavors. Sweet and Sour, Spicy and Savory, Smokey and Citrusy. This one did not disappoint, save for how quickly the glass became empty. My 2nd, was made on the fly by the bartender, and not on the menu. I simply overheard that it contained Rye Whiskey (a much under appreciated member of its high octane brethren), and said "Sign Me Up!". This drink was a most satisfying barometer of the mixilogical skills inherent to the bartenders at BM. My girlfriend had ordered one of their few gin concoctions, and was similarly pleased.In typical fashion, when it came to food, I let her order. We (her rather), opted for bacon wrapped dates, lamb chilli fries, and tamales. I am waiting for the day where someone has layer upon layer of bacon, but I am sure Cure will do that at some point. Needless to say, the food was up to par, particularly the bacon wrapped date-deliciousness. The lamb chili fries really need no further explanation, as their name enough can conjure images of succulence. The tamales came with a tangy sauce and a smokey chipolte sauce for dipping. Both received emphatic declarations of approval.Why four stars you ask? Well, we waited near an hour for those 3 tapas dishes, which was surprising. I understand its not fast food, but an hour for tapas? Either way, I think BM is an excellent addition to the cocktail scene in Pgh. It is for me, a place where I would like to stop in for a drink or two before carrying on with my evening.
5	Bar Marco is just what I look for in a cocktail bar. The fact that I'm a natural born beer drinker went out the window during my recent visit here, as I sat down with my lovely lady friend and two more friends who'd been here before and enjoyed their faces off.We asked our server for his four favorite cocktails, and ended up with a veritable rainbow of both color and flavor in front of us. Mine was a delicious mint and rye drink, and my lady's a sweet gin and lavender drink. The best one on the table came in a margarita glass with an egg white mixed in, and tasted like an orange creamsicle.I'll be back every time I visit Pittsburgh.
4	Great spot, charming staff, delicious food. We had small plates-- heavy on the meat and cheese, and not a weak one in the bunch. Took the waiter's wine recommendation for a French red-- which was so delicious. If I'm going to spend money in a restaurant, I am happy to spend it in a restaurant such as this--where there is clearly a love of food and wine, but also a joy in the application and service.
1	This snotty place is not worth your time.  However if you prefer being treated badly by pompous servers, go for it.Our group were told by a man who much resembled Napoleon Dynamite that we were too loud.  I was stunned. The table of people nearest to us said we were completely fine.I promise NEVER to go again and NEVER recommend to anyone, I won't be wasting my money here.Bring back the Firehouse Lounge!
2	The only good thing about this restaurant was our food.  On the flip side, the place is dirty, our waiter seemed dirty and it was the worst bloody mary I have ever had.  Sorry, I will not return.
5	Craft cocktails are awesome, a perfect break from the rest of the beer and cheese fries on the Strip.
5	A warm and classy staff. Always go above and beyond to make sure one's experience is enjoyable. Michael always knows the perfect libation, and when to offer it. Love this establishment,
5	I'm part of a group that is planning an event to take place at Bar Marco. We stopped in to look at their space and talk over some details, and decided to have a glass of wine while we were there. Wines were on special, only $5 a glass. Our server was super friendly and INCREDIBLY knowledgeable about the wines he served us, without being snooty at all, which I love. It was disappointing that Firehouse closed at this location but Bar Marco has proven a worthwhile replacement. I look forward to the renovations they will be doing to the upstairs area.
5	I stopped one rainy night because the outside looked very interesting being an old firehouse in the strip. The inside didn't disappoint from the food and wine to the service. It has very relaxed and European feel to it. I look forward to my return.
3	This place gets stars for its atmosphere, it's hours (5 p.m. to 2 a.m) and because it serves food late. The drinks we had were good, it has free wifi-- pretty great, but the food was only ok and much of it was too pricey. Overall though, this place is a great asset to Pittsburgh.
3	I don't understand the hype about this place. My husband and I went to an event in the upstairs part of Bar Marco which apparently serves as an art gallery by day. The art is a bit abstract for my taste but to each his own. One thing that did strike us is the fact that the room was completely unfinished. I remember the upstairs bar when this place was the Firehouse. Wasn't really my taste back then as well but at least it was finished. Right now, it looks like they have ripped everything out of the room except the beat up bar and the "art" on the walls. I have no idea why they would host a party in a room like that, I guess they needed the money and the company was willing to pay. The bathrooms are also a mess with one huge sink that looks like it has been used by the artists. There was splattered paint everywhere. When we first arrived, the downstairs was almost competely empty but by the time we left, it was packed. As for food and drinks, Bar Marco seems to go out of the way to have some interesting and eclectic offerings. The bartender for the event dreamed up a cocktail for us which included rum, rose water, mint and a few other ingredients. The crowd seemed to really enjoy it though I stuck with a basic white wine. I'm boring, I know. For appetizers, we had a nice range of foods including a meat and cheese board with beef and lamb, meatballs, beans and greens and my  personal favorite, dates wrapped in bacon (love the sweet and salty aspect). For the entrees we were served short rib over what I assume was polenta and a vegetarian risotto. The rib was tender, juicy and delicious. All dishes were served family style which didn't work out to well for my end of the table where all the big eaters sat. Other tables had entire plates of food that were untouched. It also seemed to take quite awhile between courses. I'm talking like half an hour for entrees and at least that long until dessert. Up until this point, I thought that the decor and ambience were severely lacking but at least the food made up for it. Then they brought out the dessert. Two chocolate cakes with different types of buttercream icing. unfortunately the servers could not tell me what was on either of them. To me, it resembled a basic, single layer chocolate cake with  buttercream icing one having cut up cherries on top and the other golden raisins. It was a big dissappointment. In the end, despite some the tasty and interesting food, I doubt I will be back to Bar Marco. There are so many other great restaurants in pittsburgh without all of the inconsistency.
5	I had one of the most satisfying all around meals I've ever had at this restaurant and I cannot wait to go back.I went for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week and ordered the fixed three course meal and every dish was not only something i had never tried before but was also delicious. The best part of the meal was a goat cheese and balsamic ice cream which i was nervous to try but was actually mind blowing.As it was Restaurant Week the place which is fairly small was very packed but the staff was incredibly social and very helpful in describing all of the food and wine pairings. On top of all of this I got 3 orders and three drink pairings for $30 which was incredible. I cannot speak highly enough of my all around experience here.
2	I know that great things are in store for Bar Marco...it's just not there yet, in my opinion.First, let me say that the guys who own/run the joint are SO  very nice and it pains me a little to give it a 2-star review.  But I look forward to the future at Bar Marco and will absolutely update this review accordingly.  I visited yesterday with my Sunday Brunch Club.  Our group of 10 arrived promptly at 12:30pm.  We all agreed that it was actually a bit tough to find. We'd all been to Firehouse previously, but without a [visible] sign, we all did respective double-takes to make sure we were in the right spot. Upon entering, we were greeted with...um...two big grey curtains? I'm not sure how else to describe it. I suspect the curtains were in place to keep out the cool Pittsburgh chill; but nonetheless, it again felt like we might be in the wrong place.  Good news though - we were in the right place and sat down immediately! Unfortunately, it was quite a while before we had drinks in-hand. And actually, only some of us were given waters, as they were waiting for more glasses to be washed.  Rather than go on and on about the various wait times, just know that we had to wait quite awhile in between most parts of the meal - waters to drinks; drinks to meals; etc.  Two entrees out of the smallish menu were sold out.  After visiting and realizing what a bare bones establishment the place is, I understand that this is probably likely on a Sunday morning/afternoon. I think a warning on the website and/or Facebook page may be helpful to first-timers.  When you have your heart set on something and it isn't available it's just so sad, right?  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals, but for the most part, felt it was just a teensy weensy bit overpriced and too loud. I know - we sound like a bunch of old ladies (we're not and old ladies are awesome), but it's true.  I say pull those great curtains onto the walls and work some acoustical magic on the some-day-will-be-charming room that is Bar Marco.
3	The orange-ricotta (or whatever they were) pancakes got this place an extra star...Man, they were good.  Don't get excited about their online menu- it is not what you will receive when you arrive.Anywho, I had an idea of where this place was- the old Firehouse Lounge if you're familiar.  Thank goodness two of my friends showed up at the same time as me to confirm- as there is NO signage whatsoever.  We walk in and....hello big thick gray curtains!  I pull one back slightly to reveal a dinner enjoying his meal.  I was literally right on top of this guy!  Note to Bar Marco- get another door or something.  Those curtains are not what's hot.I didn't love my cocktail- the aperol something or other.  It could have had a little more oomph.  I should consider that it was 1pm and I shouldn't need a super stick drink.  Two people in my group ordered Bloody Mary's that looked more Mary than bloody (not enough juice, or alcohol really).While the place was tiny, loud and a bit pricey, the saving grace was those pancakes.  Did I mention that they were sold out of most of the stuff we originally ordered?  No bueno.  I probably wouldn't go back.
2	I came back to BM for a friends B-day celebration.It was a party of 8 or so people. My gripe is the price points for the quality.Now before you call me a "chincy Pittsburgher", I have ate and drank in many fine establishments from NYC to Chi town to New Orleans and every where in between. BM is good per se, but its quickly becoming Ibiza-esque in that its over priced tapas that is trying to capitalize on the unique trend of small plates and "craft" cocktails. I ordered one whiskey concoction, one glass of wine and some bacon wrapped dates. My girlfriend ordered an amaretto sour, and a gin concoction.The Amaretto sour was about the only drink that was unique and delicious. The rest were really just so-so. Bacon wrapped dates, as always, are delcious. They had a miniscule amount of manchego cheese, however.This brings me to my issue. Bacon wrapped dates are 10 dollars. With the sparse amount of Manchego, they are probably better suited to a price point of 6. The cocktails for the most part were mediocre and priced at 10-12 dollars. The Ameretto Sour was the only place close to that. Try an 8 dollar price point.I can get better Tapas and Drinks for a much more reasonable price at Tamari. Better yet, try the Headkeeper in Greensburg, where I went the next day. Granted, its a suburb, but everything there is impeccable for similar prices to BM, with larger portions.I wonder how many of the customers are repeats, or simply first timers enamored with the uniqueness of the place. I wish BM all the success in the world, but I can spend 80 dollars or so elsewhere for much better food and drink.
4	Bar Marco (in the old Firehouse Lounge structure) is a pleasant surprise. It's an intimate yet not claustrophobic space with very knowledgeable and kind staff. While they may be known for their amazing cocktail and spirit selection (yamazaki, carpano antica, fernet branch, amaris peychaud's bitters, and a great  variety of scotch), equally worthwhile is their menu, particularly their small plates. Arancini and bacon-wrapped dates are standouts, as is the local Crested Duck charcuterie and regional cheese selection. Highly recommended.
5	A destination for a classic cocktail in Pittsburgh.  There are a few places starting to pop up in Pittsburgh, that could be transplanted to any international city and not fit awkwardly into the scene.  Bar Marco is one of the select places...They put quality over quantity and make some great cocktails, to boot! The food is fantastic as well.  The burger at $9, is the best value and best burger in the city. Love that price point! I would highly suggest an evening at Bar Marco for any occasion...romantic, casual, formal, after a show or happy hour.  Great spot. And thank you..NO TV's. Great mood and not pretentious. Enjoy.
4	Very nice drinks. Good food. Good service.
2	Bar Marco is a staple in the Strip District, hands down. I just wish my experience was something to brag about. It was two of us on a Monday evening. Tired and ready to eat and have a cocktail. Mondays they have guest chefs and do not offer the regular menu. This should be fun. It was James the Pittsburgh Taco Truck chef.The taco choices were limited but delicious. We had the Korean Beef and the Chicken Curry. We would have ordered more but the atmosphere and the service were disappointing. It was a very cold night and the restaurant had very little warmth inside the building. Also, the steel-like chairs were colder than it was outside. But, to their defense, the entrance had lots of traffic due to large group event on the 2nd floor.We were greeted upon arrival, however, we didn't see anyone to take our drink or food orders for another 25 minutes. Finally, the bill. I ordered a "house" like glass of wine...$11. Wow. Four drinks, four tacos over $70. Craft cocktails are good but not for the price point.Not happy campers and still hungry, we went to another staple in the Strip and two entrees and two drinks for less.I'd like to give it another chance with their regular menu on another night because so many friends give the place great reviews as a place to be on the weekends. And, as an advocate for any business and night life in the Strip, I still have hope.
5	Holy hell was this place great. I was in Pittsburgh for my first time last weekend and my friend took me twice, once for the french toast and once for a burger. This is just one of those rare places where every bit of everything is effortlessly delicious. Cocktails too, and the servers made you feel like you were in their home. Wish we had more places like this in Brooklyn, but all of our good food is ruined by pretentiousness. God Save Bar Marco.
4	I had a fantastic time at this place. I went with a group of 6 on a Friday night. The ambiance was lovely: it's on the first floor of the old Firehouse Lounge, where Embury used to be, and although it's dimly lit and has kept some of that cozy Prohibition-era atmosphere, it also feels more open and  airy than I remember Embury being. A number fun little abstract paintings add some color to the place.They have a great cocktail menu (and a NICE whiskey selection). The chef's selection meat & cheese plate was a perfect appetizer for a group of our size to share, and I also highly recommend the the bacon-wrapped dates with manchego cheese. All except for one of us ended up ordering the winter salad (w/ kale, dried cherries, and some type of wheat berry-like grain), and it did not disappoint.The only reason this place does not get five stars from me is the price, which I feel is a bit prohibitive for someone of my current graduate school income level, at $10-12 a drink. But it's definitely a great one-Friday-a-month spot to gather with a small group of friends, and a great demonstration of Strip District-style charm for any out -of-towners I might want to impress.
5	This is by far my new favorite place in Pittsburgh. Its such a hidden gem.  Sitting at the bar making new friends and chatting with the bar tenders is always a good time.  The food is awesome and the cocktails are amazing. No menu Monday is also so much fun when they bring in a different local chef every Monday to serve instead of their regular menu.  When coming here, don't expect quick rushed service.  Come here to relax and have a good time!
4	We went here recently to celebrate a friend's birthday. This place is cool and has a lot of potential. I appreciate their inventiveness and general commitment to quality materials.  The cocktails are top-notch and the selection of spirits is broad. We did a lot of sampling from the menu and pretty much everything we ate was delicious. The only awkward part of the tapas-style menu is that we had no clue how much food to order. Don't get me wrong, the staff was helpful and did not mind when we ordered additional items after our first batch -- it seems that's what's expected -- but it just made us feel a little adrift in the menu, not really understanding how large the portions were and how many things we should decide on.  It probably does a brain good to periodically reevaluate what constitutes a meal.  On a logistical note, the menu changes all the time, and different members of our party had different versions of the menu. The server did not seem extremely concerned when we informed her of this. Luckily, no one tried to order anything that wasn't actually available that day. We liked everything we ordered. I've already returned once for cocktails at the bar. Also, as far as dessert goes, get the olive oil cake if they have it that day! One of the tastiest desserts ever!
5	Bar Marco is starting to feel a little bit more like home every time I visit. The place is not huge, but cozy. The staff is small enough that after you've been 3-4 times you'll notice it's all the same folks and their friendly and often will remember you. The food is consisentantly impressive. The thing about Bar Marco is they have a lot of different kinds of food nights. Yes they have a standard menu for normal nights, but holidays they feature food appropriate for that day. They have guest chefs in often, and they seem to me to be excellent collaborators. So one of my first visits to BM was for Fat Tuesday I was there with friends and we shared some beignets, I had some pork belly with grits, and a cocktail, the meal was superb and really it wasn't even that expensive. The atmosphere is excited, intimate, dimly lit, but friendly.Next I've been in here a handful of times for brunch. They are a Sat/Sun brunch place which is important to note since not everywhere in Pgh is. The brunch menu isn't huge, but what they're offering keeps me coming back (it's delicious!). The pork belly benedict is other worldly. And again, even when I've had to come by myself (I'd rather brunch alone than not at all) the staff has always been super kind to me and excited to share their opinions on what is the best drink they're making currently.Most recently I went in and there was a wait (no tables or bar space available) and I was like OMG! but not to worry, and attentive waiter showed me a counter by the window and even got my party drinks while we waited for a table to open up. Problem solved. promptly and with alcohol. yay.Like I said at the beginning this place feels like home to me and I keep going because they keep dishing up interesting exciting meals that make me feel pleased to have shared a meal with them.
2	I guess I should have adjusted my expectations to bar standards instead of expecting restaurant quality.  The ambience is nice with that low lighting and small intimate tables.  The food is grossly OVERPRICED for what you get.  One look at what we ordered and we knew it was going to be "pizza midnight snack" night.  Didn't want to order more because 1 drink, 1 soup, 1 patatas bravas, 1 walleye, and 1 quail had already put us over 50 bucks and the taste definitely did not live up to its price.  A fair selection of drinks but not worth the trip to downtown.
5	Delicious brunch, appropriate portion sizes, and the BEST Bloody Mary I've ever had (and we're from Chicago and go to a lot of brunch places so I'm very picky about Bloody Marys).  We got there just after 10 and were able to get a table immediately but the line formed quickly behind us so you might want to get there early.
2	Had a brunch reservation but still had to wait 15 minutes for our table. The host did bring is a small treat to eat in the mean time which was great. There were four of us, but we were sat at a two top table. Very crowded and right on next to the people next to us. They don't have high chairs or boosters so we had to bring our own. No "kids" menu. Ordered pancakes for the kids to split. They were $9 and very small. One child could have eaten the entire order. I had the burger which was very good. Husband had the Benedict which was also good. Food was overpriced no question.
4	Me and Hubby went here for our anniversary.  We went for brunch.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  Bar Marco has a cool, laid back vibe.  I loved the feel inside with the brick walls and beautiful ceiling.  We started with their bread basket appetizer.  The bread come out warm and wonderful.  The strawberry jam that came with it was so yummy!  There were 4 kinds of bread and all were delightful.  I chose the Rosemary French Toast - WOW!  I also got a side of grits.  The grits were seriosly seasoned to perfection and they were the perfect consistancy.  The hubby got the grits too and LOVED them as well.  He chose the buttermilk pancakes for his dish.  They were delightful as well...light and fluffy perfect.  And the bacon that came with them, great maple flavor!  I had a cocktail because I read the reviews and it looked as though everyone noted the cockails are terrific.  I chose the Blue Moon and it was light and delicious!  All in all Bar Marco is a wonderful little place with a cool vibe, wonderful food, and terrific cocktails!
4	I came here during restaurant week and wow it was amazing. Our appetizer was a 20-yolk pasta with oxtail ragu. The ragu was beefy, rich, and flavorful. What I really liked about it was the pasta. 20-yolk sounds kind of intimidating in an omg-my-cholesterol way but it's definitely worth it. It tasted very freshly made and perfect al dente texture. Our main course was Roast Quail. It pretty much tastes like chicken except maybe juicer and tender. The skin was crispy and overall it was seasoned very flavorfully.Our dessert was an Apple and Raisin Strudel with Goat Cheese Balsamic Ice cream. I didn't care for the ice cream since I don't like the flavor of goat cheese, but the strudel was a perfect end to the meal. It was the perfect amount of sweet with a flaky crust.Everything dish was paired up with a wine recommended by our waiter. After we ate, the manager invited us to their upstairs lounge for some free wine tasting. Overall, the food was amazing. I just wish they gave them in larger portions. For paying $30, I expected to be full, but I was still hungry after the meal. Although the friendly and knowledgeable staff and great tasting food made it all worth it.
5	We had a great meal here and some great drinks. I really enjoyed the open front door letting in the breeze- nice ambiance. We were able to order gluten free - very helpful.
4	I realized that I hadn't gotten around to updating this review! To be fair, the first time I went to Bar Marco was when it had just opened. Hopefully you'd expect a biz to grow in time, and I really feel like they've hit their stride.Bar Marco is not just a bar. It's a restaurant. It's an art gallery. It's an event space. It's a creative space. It's really become so many things. And you'd think by being so many different things you wouldn't find your identity, but I think they've done a good job of cultivating a community rather than just a bar. But... just a bar they're doing quite fine! I love their creative cocktails. They always have expert bartenders at the helm. I'm a big fan of the infusion drinks, but also enjoy a classic one like the Aviation. And, if you sit at the bar, you may be lucky enough to try a taste of something they've just created! Their brunch is super tasty. I very much enjoyed my ricotta orange pancakes. I mean, like really enjoyed. To the point that I desperately wanted more. I do warn you, this is not a "stuff yourself silly" brunch, but a regular sized portion. So if you're looking for a buffet style meal, you may want to go elsewhere. But if you're looking for flavor and taste, this is your jam! I also love the concept of No Menu Mondays, where they bring in a guest chef to cook the dinner. It's usually tied with a charity that will benefit by the sales. It's just an amazing concept, because again, it's cultivating a community. I love to see restaurants getting along with other restaurants. More power to collaborating rather than being against! Writing this just makes me want a cocktail right now... see you at the bar!
4	Very hip place... Dress stylish kind of like a fashion show in there but good food and good prices but expensive liquor and beer!Hipster place
1	Here's the deal...this 1 star review is based purely on service, or lack there of.   We made a reservation for brunch at 11 am on Sunday.  At 11:50 AM, not only had we not been seated but no one even bothered to check on us as we waited outside.  I can understand a reservation being a little late but 50 minutes is unacceptable.  Plus when we went to find the manager to check again on our table, it's like he was avoiding us.   And so we left and took our business elsewhere.The funny thing is (from my 50 minutes of watching people get seated and served while we stood there starving) is that they appear to treat the regulars really well.  It's just the new people that they happen to ignore which makes me wonder how you expand your customer base.
1	Terrible experience at this restaurant. Ordered a scotch that was double the price of the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Hors d'oeuvres were also poor but expensive, have no idea how this place survives.Customer service was pathetic.  We will never be coming back here again.
5	This place gets it. Better than any other Pittsburgh bar/dining destination. There's a reason Bon Appetit named them Top 50 Best New Restaurant Nominee in 2013. Great customer service, experienced bartenders, tasty libations, and small bite gourmet bar food all make Bar Marco a stand-out in the Pittsburgh dining scene.Michael S. - you're an idiot. The scotch and whiskey prices are right in line with every other bar/restaurant in the city who knows how to properly price their product and stay in business. Maybe you didn't notice the 2 oz. pour they gave you instead on the ounce and 1/2 you'd get anywhere else? Maybe you should read the menu next time, or go back to whatever sleazy dive bar you crawled out of?Theresa C. you do realize that No Menu Monday is not a Bar Marco experience? It's a very cool event where guest chefs get an opportunity to come into the Bar Marco kitchen and cook for a night, ofttimes donating all proceeds to local charities. You never know what you're going to get. Sometimes there'll be misses, but I think it's completely unfair to judge a restaurants merits on a night when a guest chef is doing the cooking?It's unfortunate when dumb people get to criticize a restaurant as great as Marco simply because they've been given a forum to do so.
4	I love going to Bar Marco.  It's a welcome addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant/bar scene.  One huge thing that I love is the late night menu, Bar Marco is open and serving food when other places are closed.I love the food, and I especially love the new chef that they hired from Legume. Her food is creative and delicious.I also get the sense that Bar Marco is a community resource, and that they give back to Pittsburgh.  There's a gallery upstairs, and I have been to several special music performances upstairs.I do notice a lot of restaurant people here, Bar Marco seems to be the place to hang out after work.  Well, I trust restaurant people to know good food, and so I think it says a lot about Bar Marco.The wine list changes often, and it's rather eclectic, with lots of unusual choices.
4	Drinks are amazing, especially if you are a fan of interesting cocktails. Food has been consistently good every time we have been. Portions are on the smaller side, but interesting enough that I don't mind the price. My only grievance is the service. I love this place and will continue to frequent them; however, I would never expect quick and attentive service at Bar Marco.
4	I finally got to try the food at this place. This was the last stop for my boyfriend and me before we made the loooooooong drive to Austin, TX. We thought about our favorite, M&P (I always find a way to work them into a review), for brunch, but with the Steelers and Pirates game going on, we wanted to avoid downtown. This was not a bad second choice.I ordered the polenta and shrimp and it was probably the most perfect polenta and shrimp dish I have ever had at a restaurant. Everything about it was delectable and delightful. My only complaint was that I wanted a lot more! :)Our server was pretty cool, though at one point we felt rushed. I get it - it's brunch, you want to flip tables, but as it was our last day in Pittsburgh, we were not to be rushed.I have been in Bar Marco once for an event and I got to sample their drinks. Just as before, the drinks at brunch were amazing. I love any bar that focuses on natural ingredients and bitters, and that does them well. This place is a great addition to the Strip - in fact, I'd argue that it's the best restaurant in the Strip, bar none (not meant to be a pun there ...)
4	Would go back for brunch again, for sure!!I didn't have much at all to eat there, I ordered potatoes with hollandaise and it was soooo good. They have fancy drinks too, which were great.  I love fancy drinks.
1	We gave it as much of a try as anyone could, lotsa drinks, lotsa apps, lotsa disappointment. On top of this, they managed to mess up the interior of one of the only decent interiors in the strip. the service was good tho, so at least it has that going for it, but only that
4	Nice brunch in a cool fire-house like building tucked away in part of the Strip District that's not *too* crazy.  Top marks for the lemon ricotta pancakes and the cheesy grits with mushrooms and quail egg.  Nice brunch cocktails too!
5	Brunch was really good here, very tasty and healthy. Their mixed drinks were a lot of fun and inventive. We had raw oysters to start, rye toast, grilled cheese, salmon Benedict, and shrimp around the table. Everyone was happy with their food. A bit pricey though
4	I came in for brunch and was really blown away. I heard good things about this place, but it wasn't overly hyped up as some other newer restaurants. We ordered cocktails, which took a bit to make, but were all delicious and inventive, well worth the extra wait. For my meal I ordered shrimp with polenta and chili oil. The chili oil was bland, but the polenta was great and the shrimp were large. My friend ordered the shirred eggs, it came with potatoes, bacon, and a creamy beschemel sauce... it was bomb. I wish I ordered that instead. If you see it on the menu, just order it. One more thing I noticed about the food: it was hot! All of it! That really impressed me.The service was ok. The server came around often enough, but was a bit too touchy-feely for my taste, but he was attentive and knowledgable. We had 4 people in our reservation and they had to push two two-tops together, but one still had people sitting in it, so they sat two of us in the one table and waited til the other got up, then pushed them together. It was weird. Besides the service, I'll be back plenty of times. The food and the cocktails were great.And one last thing: the playlist was outstanding! Outkast, Busta Rhymes, even Dead Prez "Hip Hop" played. Before the drinks and the food came, I knew I wanted to come back over and over based on the music selection.
5	Had the best brunch here! I got the soft scrambled eggs that had basil pesto in it and was served with a piece of buttered crusty bread. I tried several brunch cocktails on the menu and I was not disappointed at all! Their daily cheese changes with dishes and they will let you know what it is. Would highly advise you come here!
4	Went back to Bar Marco two weeks ago on a Pittsburgh visit. Still as charming, still delicious and interesting food. This will be a destination on each trip back.
4	Great cocktails and a delicious twist on "bar food" here! I've wanted to make it down to this quaint establishment in the Strip for some time, but had just not found the right time until last night - glad I did! When we arrived, our waiter explained that the mixologists generally prefer that the patrons inform them of their desired base spirit, and that they will then make a hand-crafted mixed drink based on that preference, rather than the usual card menu of standard cocktails. They are big into using the freshest ingredients here, including house-made juices, mixers, and even have their own tonic for their G&T's.Ambience was good - although the attractive patterned ceiling did little to mute out the loudness of the music and conversations. The wait staff were friendly and efficient, offering nice suggestions for each person in our party after hearing our preferences. We had the fried smelts (yum!!), patatas bravas (yum!), bacon wrapped dates, and charcuterie plate to pick on while we enjoyed our beverages. All were tasty and well-presented.Overall, I agree with the people who have told me about how much they enjoy Bar Marco, and will definitely be back for more!
5	Great wine selection and excellent tapas! The arancini and fritto misto were my favorites! :)
2	Questions to ask yourself before going to Bar Marco...1. Am I a hipster?2. Do I love being crammed into a too small space with hipsters?3. Do I like a place so pretentious that they don't have a cocktails menu but instead interview you on the flavors you like, come up with some concoction, then charge you $12 for a drink (a fact they don't mention when you order) that will literally be gone in 4 sips?4. Is your idea of restaurant ambiance to decorate with stuff found in the dumpster behind Goodwill? If you answered yes to one or more of these questions, then this might be the place for you. I, for one, was not impressed. I went there last night and, while the drink I had was OK, it definitely wasn't worth $12 and I am annoyed that this wasn't explained upfront. Also annoyed that the waiter spilled half my bowl of soup in my lap then didn't bring me a new bowl or even comp the soup. That's not the kind of service that inspires me to return. As for the regular food, I can't really speak to it because they had James, owner of the Pittsburgh Taco Truck, as guest chef. His tacos are awesome so I definitely recommend catching his truck. Just get your tacos there, not Bar Marco. They'll be a cpl dollars cheaper too, because they'll be lacking the side of pretentiousness.
5	Wow!  From start to end.  We had an incredible evening.  Stared out with a Hendricks and tonic.  They make their own tonic... really?  They were wonderful.  I had the shrimp risotto, husband had the burger.  Delicious!  We asked our very knowledgeable and friendly mixologist to make something for us.  Giuseppe created wonderful, tasty drinks that are now our new favorites.  Thanks so much for a wonderful evening.  We'll be back soon.
3	Visited on 12/26/2013. The current online menu is from 11/12/2013. 4 of 20 items were the same.  Meat plateCheese plateMeat/Cheese plateBurgerRestaurants, an online menu makes sense when it's updated! Odd door-front curtains. It's a cool entrance but corny from inside.. is it to separate crammed dining room from those waiting? It sticks out, and Bar Marco is more a dim-lit+high chatter+blend-in vibe. Dark with a stifling dash of hipster.Service was slammed, one guy working the 8 tables out front. Our second round of drinks took 25 minutes. He apologized before we could comment when he dropped the check, so they're good enough to realize it. Descriptions were on-point 75%, occasional stuttering and stammering when questioned. The bar is novelty. "We have no cocktail menu" she challenged with a smirk. Game on! Drink #1 was awesome, ordered in person. Drink #2 was third-person via waiter, and it came out with 2/5 the ingredients asked for. Conclusion: SIT AT THE 6-PERSON BAR, WHOLE MEAL. That said, neither drink was more standout than a good cocktail from a printed-menu.. anticipate that novelty wearing thin on return trips.Food is decent at best, mix of tapas and classy bar. Cheese plate is a cheese plate, the earthy honey and jalapeno jelly the highlight. The fried smelt needs more lime and salt, the fish arguably too delicate for frying though the light mayo cuts the oil well. The tartare is well-diced with few clumps but way over-spiced, cumin masking the meal. The bolognese was bland and the sauce watery with chemical hints. Definitely could do with more salt and another minute on the noodles.If the bar is one reason I'd return, the pork belly is the other. Everyone does pork belly these days. Bar Marco actually does it right: perfectly crisp edge with the piping hot sticky gob of fat melting in your mouth. No "sour" per the menu, but the definite highlight. Adult candy.
5	Came here for Sunday brunch without reservations and was not disappointed.We were very kindly greeted and quickly offered glasses of champagne while we waited for a table (about 10 minutes) - so sweet!  The brunch selection was fairly limited but our food was great (Pork Belly eggs benedict) and the drinks were delicious as well.  Nothing to complain about as far as service goes.  I will most certainly be back for dinner and for happy hour.
3	So we're walking down The Strip and when Penn Ave starts to empty out and we're about to turn around we're like, "What's that odd brick building standing by itself?" Bar Marco.We didn't pay attention to the time but just walked in since we saw people sitting at the bar. Even though it was a small, "early private even't the server welcomed us in and we sat ourselves in the corner, specifically in the spot featured in Matt O's photo-the bright sun felt nice but was REALLY bright. We ordered two drinks and they were delicious-fresh, strong and complex. Had the meatballs and they were okay (meatball snob)-fresh marinara, it seemed ...but here's the thing. Martin J's recent review is very interesting to me and not really all that surprising. While sitting there I noticed books on the little bookcase beside us-old books. For a place that serves food and drink this rubbed me the wrong way. Next up I had to go the bathroom, which was a mess. If I remember correctly the ceiling fan had so much dust in it I was waiting for a spark. Plus, our server had the giggles. And why is that building standing by itself....So, when I'm paying $12 for a drink (and YES, they are exceptional-SHUT UP!) I expect my surroundings to also be exceptional. At least the bartender had a well-kept handlebar mustache....
5	My wife and I went to brunch this past Sunday, and it was fantastic.  We started off at the bar, since we were a little early for our reservation, and had a cocktail (don't judge me!).   I had a very manly pink drink, which for the life of me I can't remember now, but was very good and I was assured by the staff that the color was not reflective of the actual manliness of the drink, which I happily accepted.  My wife started with a hot buttered rum.  They make their own butter, which was a nice touch, and added to the drink which was delicious.  For brunch we started with the espresso soaked dates, with ricotta, over brioche.   It was light, creamy, and awesome.  I had the fried egg, over bacon and biscuit with gravy.   I will say that I was a little disappointed on the size, I was hoping for a little bit more.  It was one egg, and the biscuit wasn't very big.   It was delicious but I wasn't quite full after.  My wife had the shrimp and grits, it was not as small a portion and was fantastic as well.  Service was great, decor was great.  Besides from a smaller entree than I would've liked it was pretty perfect.
2	Had a terrible experience- the food was mediocre and the service was terrible.  We ordered cocktails and I asked for Vodka and recieved gin and the same happened for 2 others in our party. One person ordered a burger and it came out undercooked and when she sent it back the waiter threw a fit and then did not bring her another meal. At the end she had to tell him not to charge her for her meal- I had the trout and it was alright but the whole experience overshadowed the food. This was not worth the money.
4	Went to BM for brunch.  We ordered the grilled cheese and lentil soup.  Food was quite good, as well as the cocktails and service.  I would definitely recommend.
5	Love the ambiance at this place, and the waiters and bartenders are fantastic.  I've been here a few times now and the first time I went they used to have a drink menu but now they seemed to have done away with that.  Though with the group I was with the bartender did an excellent job of asking of what kind of flavors we like and what kind of liquors we like and making up something interesting for us. Each one was a fun and interesting surprise, so that was a nice experience.  But I still kind of like having a drink menu with specialties of the house cocktails that I can pursue and consider something interesting I may not have considered normally.  All the food I've had there has been excellent, though some dishes can be on the smaller or pricier side.  The cheese and meat plate I had last time was fantastic with some interesting choices, as was the burger and other small plates I had.  They were also great about accommodating a large group I went with of about 12 people on a weeknight when we made a reservation in advance, though their seating area is relatively small.  It was a little cold and drafty in there though on a really cold winter evening (and we were not next to the door), but that was my only complaint.
3	The food is delicious. But we had terrible service. We had a reservation for 5 for brunch. Upon sitting we were asked if we wanted coffee, but not offered anything else. Our water was never refilled until we asked. It took about 40 minutes to get out food, and one order was completely forgotten about. So we waited another 15 minutes for that. While we were waiting for that last order, our spacey server asked how everything was and we replied "just waiting in the other order" and he goes "excellent." Uh, what? We were not asked if we wanted refills on our bloody Mary's either. The only saving grace was the food was good. I hope they step up their game with the service. Not impressed at all.
5	We made reservations for brunch based on a friend's recommendation. This is a cute restaurant and a great place to go for brunch and cocktails! I ordered the shrimp and grits, which was delicious and I was surprised to find that grits can actually be good. I ordered the morning pick me up, a drink consisting of rum, oj, aperol and brut. They served the cocktail with a glass of champagne on the side because the drink itself wasn't a full 5oz, that was a happy surprise for both of us! Our waiter was nice, everything tasted great and if we lived in Pittsburgh, I think this would be one of our favorite spots.
2	To start off, the food was great.  It came out quickly, hot and fresh.  We had the eggs benny and the shrimp and grits for brunch, and they were both amazing.Everything else, however, was absolutely horrible.  We waited at the door for a few minutes waiting to be seated, even acknowledged.  After a while, we eventually sat ourselves to still no acknowledgement of our presence.  We made eye contact with the bar tender and watched him chat with customers, sample beers etc.  I eventually went up to ask for menus.  After the bartender brought us water, our waiter still had not shown up.  The restaurant wasn't at all busy so it was extremely frustrating trying to find anyone to serve us.  When we finally did get a drink order in, we ended up having to wait longer for 2 brunch cocktails than our food to be made.  Sitting watching our server and the bartender chat and NOT make our drinks was very frustrating.  When he finally brought our drinks, the bloody mary didn't even have the garnish and we were told we'd get them in a minute.  I don't have high standards for service, I just expect to be noticed in an establishment where I'm spending $10 a drink.  I would have given this place an easy 10 stars if it weren't for the terrible service.
4	$5. $5. $5 Bar Marco! Every every every every... $5. $5. $5 Bar Marco!  Every every every...Anyways.We've been wanting to try Bar Marco's food for quite some time after stopping for drinks on multiple occasions...  fast forward, and Polar Vortex $5 happy hours, brunch, and a wine room excursion are all booked (brunch and wine room will be updated soon!).Let me sum it up in short.  Normally, I feel Marco is a bit overpriced.  Is it good...?  yes.  Are the drinks worth $12 and the small bites for $10+...? no.  BUT, add in the Tuesday special, and this is one of the best deals in town.$5 drinks (I recommend the Manhattan), $5 bar bites (if you don't get the burger you're crazy) and $5 other delicious goods (bacon wrapped dates, soup and arancini).  Do yourself a favor and grab a reservation just in case they're busy (it can fluctuate week to week).  Then drink, eat and repeat...  that simple.While it's pricey, judging by our initial food experience, I'm excited to see what brunch holds and more importantly, the wine room!  Updates soon!
4	Charming restaurant in an old firehouse. Great drinks, wine and  food. If you are a foodie that enjoys eating in a place with a lot of character ( old brick charm within an up and coming industrial area) you will love bar Marco. Plates are small but oh so tasty!!! My man's "old fashioned " was mixed perfectly. Visit soon.
5	So far, I'd have to say Bar Marco is my top pick for grabbing some GOOD cocktails AND being able to also feed yourself with delicious food!The main attraction at Bar Marco has got to be the cocktails.  They can make you anything.  You give them a few hints and characteristics of the types of cocktails you want and voila!  The bartender will craft a drink just for you.  My favorite so far has been a rye, vermouth, lavender, soda water drink that I got when I asked for something whiskey, but not syrupy, cinnamony or too heavy.All the dishes at Bar Marco are on the smaller side, so again, the main attraction is the drinks.  But, a girl's got to eat and with those drinks, you should probably get a little into your stomach!  So don't expected to be stuffed to the brim, but definitely try some of their yummy dishes to go along with your drinks.  Between me and a girlfriend, we ordered 2 appetizer plates and an entree plate.  And it was the perfect amount!The decor and atmosphere are also great at Bar Marco!  It's a small cozy space, so not ideal for groups, but perfect for dropping in with a friend or two.  Before the sun sets, the restaurant is flooded with light and has an airy lively vibe.  After the sun goes down, it gains a speakeasy electric feel.  My only complaint with the space is that it can get pretty loud in there with all the bare tiles.  But it adds to the lively ambiance.And of course, service has always been very good.  Waiters and bartenders are all very patient as you piece together your wishes and desires for a drink!
4	I've been wanting to come here for a very long and we finally did for an early dinner. Love the feel of the place, very rustic but hip. Our waiter was really friendly and was able to recommend drinks he can make based on our taste preference. They don't have typical sodas but they can whip something together and my slightly sweet, lemon carbonated beverage was actually good! They have some penn brews and a few vegetarian appetizers and at the time we went, only one vegetation entree. We brought our own highchair so I dunno if they even have any. We didn't ask. Anyway, great place, heard the upstairs is fab for private parties and we will def be back.
2	Oh, please. Might be a good place for drinks, but it was a bust for brunch. When you occupy an historic building you might think you go for a look that's either charming or edgy, and Bar Marco is neither. Tables are small, chairs not all that comfortable, the servers lean toward pretense and away from professionalism -- flatware but no napkins? Who does that? My friend asked for decaf and got a "no" dripping with sarcasm, as if to say, "we don't treat our beans that way." On to the food: the Bloody Mary was good, if skimpy. A dish billed as fried chicken with dandelion greens, topped with a fried egg -- yeah, screw heart disease -- consisted of two overly crusted and overly fried thighs completely concealing a half-dozen threads of wilted-to-death greens. When you have guest chefs, you can't hang crap food on the kitchen because they can simply blame the guest. I know this approach is trendy but it's a bad idea because the secret of every solid restaurant is consistency, Cute idea, though, cute location, cute clientele, but if I want to eat cute, I'll trim my Chia Pet and skip Bar Marco.
5	I love a place that consistently surprises me, yet is consistent with getting the basics right. Bar Marco has that: lots of variety, but always excellent service and wonderful cocktails.I've only been for brunch and rounds so far (dying to check out No Menu Monday but just haven't made it in yet), but each time has been great. The servers and bartenders are just top-notch. The bartenders are pros at the 'tell us what you like and we'll make a cocktail out of it' game. And this is a spot where the bar and the restaurant are truly two parts of the same whole: the servers are knowledgeable about the drinks too.I think what I love so much is that Bar Marco is simple and yet exciting. Your brunch order may just be eggs and country potatoes, but the eggs will be dressed up in fresh ingredients and bursting with flavor. They don't have a massive selection of booze behind the bar, but they can make pretty much anything you can dream up, and make it really well.While they do have a nifty little cocktail list, the sky is really the limit. This is one of my favorite places to order a Blood & Sand, a drink at the top of my list. Their brunch cocktails are fabulous as well and very refreshing in the morning!As long as Bar Marco keeps serving up  great scotch cocktails and friendly service, I'll keep stopping in.
2	We've dined and drank here many times, and it's unfortunate that it takes a bad experience for me to leave a review. I know I've had both brunch and dinner here happily... but tonight was really disappointing.1. No drink menu. Okay, fine, I get it... your bartenders are not only magical mixologists, but they're also mind readers. I am perfectly fine with a bar tender offering to make something for you, but to be so pretentious as to not even offer a menu of even fancy-pants cocktails - whatever. I literally had to say no to the bartender about four times before he'd stop explaining how I could order a drink from him. I felt like I was in high school again trying to turn down a cigarette. Seriously man, if you want me to order a drink so badly, HAND ME A FREAKING MENU. 2. Beef tartare instead of a burger. I've ordered these before, and I don't think it was even cooked through last time either. I probably ordered it medium rare in the past, so I went for medium this time. Neither of these cooking temperatures should leave the center of the burger as if they're raw or like heat never even reached it. But, alas, even ordering the burger medium left the center raw. We were too tired, hot, and hungry to send them back.3. I actually WANTED to order the rib eye, but was told it was out (it was only around 8:45 at this point - really?! You're out of one of 3 entrees already?). Then, probably just a couple minutes after ordering the burger instead, I heard another waiter come out and let his table know they actually did have a couple of rib eyes left. UGH. SO annoying. You either ARE or ARE NOT out of something. Please don't guess when your menu is that small to begin with.4. Get on Open Table. It's 2014.
5	Our waiter was very knowledgeable on the details of the Wine Selection as well as the various ingredients in the food we had ordered. We had the Marco Burger with bacon, Rosemary Aioli & espresso which was DEVINE! We also ordered some kind of rice ball with mozzarella and a basil sauce which was very decedent!Perfect for anyone interested in supporting the EAT Local movement!
5	The wine dinner was truly one of the most enjoyable evenings I've ever had. I have recommended the wine dinner to everyone I can think of and them some. It's truly a wonderful way to celebrate any special occasion.This review is just for the wine tasting dinner (the 10-12 course one not the 4 course earlier seating). We did not have a chance to try out the bar since we knew we would have plenty to drink. A note about the general ambiance upstairs. The ceilings are exceptionally tall (it's a converted fire house) so it is definitely noisy upstairs. Be advised that it is loud but in an upbeat exciting way. Justin and Justen were great. They kept us very well informed on everything we were eating and drinking that evening and answered any questions we had. They were fantastic. The ambiance in the basement is lovely. At no point did you feel like you were in a dark dank basement. The air was clear and not damp at all and the room was wonderfully lot with candles. It was a fantastic temperature and very comfortable. Dinner was out of this world. I truly can't say enough about the exciting and innovative dishes we were served. Not to mention that Chef Jamilka knows when to let the beauty of something simple shine through (our first of the season heirloom tomatoes were divine). She was so warm and welcoming and came down several times to explain the food and answer any questions.The menu changes seasonally so what we had that night would be completely different the next. I can't wait to return for another evening come this fall! Worth every penny and for the generous pours, I'd even go so far as to call this evening a bit of a bargain for all the courses and wine!
5	Went for the regular seating for the wine dinner with really high expectations and they still surpassed them. Every course and wine pairing was incredibly thoughtful and delicious, from the lamb carpaccio to the foie gras rhubarb tort. I plan to come back in the future and recommend you check it out to. This restaurant is a work of love from it's ownership, chefs, and sommelier.
3	I went to Bar Marco for weekend brunch and came away a little disappointed after experiencing strange service.Expecting it to be packed on a sunny Saturday morning, I made a reservation for 10AM - the time they open.  When we arrived, there was nobody there, not even a server.  We had to be seated by the bartender, who seemed too shy to talk to customers.  At least we had plenty of time to look around the interesting old firehouse space while waiting for a server to show up.  I had the salmon eggs benedict and my girlfriend had the lemon pancakes with blueberries.  The food was good, and I was pleasantly surprised when the my benedict came with not just potatoes but also a small salad.  But after eating, we were treated to more odd, poor service.  While we were waiting for the check, our server came to the table but then walked away before actually saying anything.  It was just weird.  And about the check - at $15(!) for the benedict and $11 for pancakes, it was noticeably more expensive than other comparable restaurants.  In summary, I think Bizarre Marco is tragically hip.  Some people even came in off the street just to turn around and leave, probably because there isn't a host.  Let's hope that this place soon realizes poor service isn't trendy.
5	I purchased tickets to the pre-dinner seating, and it was amazing. I have food allergies and had emailed the chef beforehand, and she was wonderful. She created a menu with my allergies in mind and sent it to me before the dinner to make sure that it was acceptable. Her kindness and attention was much appreciated!The wine room is lovely and in the basement of the restaurant. It is very intimate and beautifully decorated. The meal and wine were utterly delicious! My boyfriend and I were amazed by the amount of food provided for a pre-dinner- four medium sized portions with perfect wine pairings, and a cocktail with dessert. We cannot wait to go back with a large group of friends, as we were the only two during this dinner. I highly recommend this as a fun and delicious night out! Thank you!
5	Love this place! The food and drinks were delish. My friend got an old-fashioned and it was good. I told them I wanted something spicy for the cocktail and man, it was amazing! The cocktail had tequila, pineapple juice, muddled jalapeno, and other ingredients I don't remember. The food was simple, homey, and hearty. Love the atmosphere and service too. i'd say this place rival many restaurants in NYC.
3	After much debate with my friends, we ended up here on a Friday night with reservations. The exterior of the restaurant was non-descript but fit the vibe of the place. I loved the inside of the building which made me feel right at home. I was particularly impressed by the waitress and her depth of knowledge on the menu as well as the drinks menu. My friends and I ended up getting the patatas bravas, Marco burger, octupus, and bucatini. Despite the fact that the ingredients are locally sourced, I was not impressed with the execution of the food. The Marco burger was beyond greasy that it was hard to eat and it was a bigger portion size compared to the bucatini. I've had better food at other places in Pittsburgh for a lesser price. Bar Marco was a place for me to experience once to see why everyone has been raving about it. It doesn't hurt to try the place and decide for yourself!
4	Went here with a group of 4 for brunch. Service was excellent.  You can either sit at the bar or table.  They served us complimentary fresco.  Brunch menu is very unique.  In particular, the quail and pork belly were excellent.  The cornpancakes were also a solid choice but the jam wasn't anything special.  If you're looking for a good morning drink and unique brunch experience, this is the place for you.
4	Tuesday is the day to come to Bar Marco!Although they have No Menu Mondays- where they bring in a different guest chef every Monday to cook a special dinner that usually benefits a charity- Tuesday's they have $5 specials on select appetizers (including their burger) and cocktails. This means you can come by and get a gourmet burger served with bacon and rosemary aioli and a hand crafted cocktail for $10, plus a hip atmosphere and sexy ambiance included for free. Cheers to that!
4	What a cute place!   I stopped by for a drink and appetizer and was really pleasantly surprised.  The repurposed firehouse vibe was really nice, but it's the menu and the drinks that wow.   The bartender asked me a bunch of questions about what I like and don't like, and then crafted a concoction that was unique and really very tasty - like a delicious sip of fall.   I was then served an amuse bouche - which had a sweet potato puree that was amazing.  The eggplant appetizer didn't disappoint either, with a sticky honey glaze that really made the dish.   4 stars instead of 5 because I think it's a little overpriced.  My cocktail was delightful, but it was also small - I wasn't kidding when I said it was a "delicious SIP". And it was $10, which isn't outrageous, but it wasn't really substantial enough either.  The appetizer was portioned better, but my neighbors plates looked a little skimpy for the prices.  I don't mind small plates, but I like them to be priced like small plates, you know?
4	I visited Bar Marco this past Sun. for the first meeting of the PGH brunch club.  I'd heard good things about the brunch here, so it seemed like a solid choice for our first meeting, despite some scheduling mishaps.Drink-wise, we were given a complimentary half glass of rose cavo, which made for a nice start.  For brunch, there is a drink menu that contains some classic and some specialty hair of the dog drinks.  As someone who often prefers the novel to the familiar, I decided to try one of the specialty drinks--specifically, the initial morning, because it contained mint (I love mint-flavored drinks) and our waitress recommended it.  Although I forget what type of alcohol this drink has (I don't believe it was rum--but I could be wrong), it reminded me of a mojito, given that it contained lime and club soda in addition to the mint.  It was quite strong and refreshing, and I'd recommend it if as a brunch cocktail, particularly if you like mojitos.Food-wise, after perusing the menu, I decided to go with the mussels.  They are served with spinach garnishes, as well as a white wine sauce and potatoes.  The mussels and potatoes were cooked well (tender, not over- or undercooked), and the broth gave the dish a pleasant savory flavor.  I felt that the portion was decent--between the mussels and potatoes, it filled me up just enough, but not too much.  My one qualm with this dish is that it's not served with bread to soak up the broth.  In fact, I asked my waitress for bread (which I would have paid an upcharge for), and she checked but said none was available, and that the chef said the potatoes were for soaking up the broth.  Although I do happen to be a scientist with a terminal degree, you don't need me to tell you that potatoes don't have the absorption capability of bread! Even our waitress recognized this, saying "it's not the same" when telling me what the chef's response to my bread request.  Because I didn't want to waste the broth, I asked for a spoon, which they brought me, and I used to eat the remaining broth.  However, given the intensity of its flavor, it would have been much better if I'd had some bread to soak it up!Service was fine--not great, but not bad, either.  During the day, the ambiance is quite bright, which works well for a brunch spot--I wonder how it is at night, though. My one complaint is that we were seated at the table by the door (not my choice), and despite that there was a curtain, every time the door opened, I was subjected to a draft of frigid air, which necessitated keeping my jacket on.  Overall, despite the lack of bread, I was favorably impressed by the quality of drink and food here.  I'll have to return at happy hour to try their normal offerings. 4.5 stars.
4	I stopped by here this past Sunday morning for brunch with my wife.  Bar Marco had been on my Yelp bookmarks for quite awhile so whenever my wife and I found ourselves in the strip with some free time, we decided to check it out.  We got to the restaurant around 10:40 and were told that there would be a 15-20 minute wait.  Since there is not much room to wait they actually take down your cell number and will give you a call whenever your table is ready.  I enjoyed this quite a bit as you can easily waste time in the strip and its better than standing around inside a restaurant waiting for a table.  At just before 11, we arrived back at the restaurant and they had our table ready for us.For my brunch entree I decided on going with the Bar Marco burger, medium, while my wife went with the butternut squash soup and the Fried Chicken. My Bar Marco burger consisted of espresso, rosemary aioli, bacon and onion with a small side salad.  It ended up tasting pretty good even though I didn't really get any flavor of espresso coming through.  The rosemary aoili and onion (it almost seemed like an onion marmalade) kept the perfectly cooked burger moist and the bacon added just the right amount of saltiness.  I was also able to grab one of the pieces of my wife's fried chicken.  The breading on the outside of it was crispy and great tasting while the inside was still moist and juicy.  The black pepper gravy that came on it also gave it a nice little bite that I enjoyed.  My wife was also a fan of the chicken although she enjoyed her butternut squash soup even more.The bottom line for me is that I would come back here again in the future.  While I thought that the food was a little overpriced for what you got (I would have loved to see more substantial side items with the entrees), I still enjoyed everything that I tasted here.
4	I might be tempted to knock this review down a star or two, if not for Tuesday nights at Bar Marco. Yes, this place is a bit overpriced with plates far too small, and the complete lack of drink menu--but I can't turn down a Tuesday night visit to this place. That's because on Tuesdays, nearly every item on the menu is $5. I'm talking $5, amazingly crafted classic cocktails, a delicious $5 burger, and unforgettable $5 arancini. This is the best deal in town, and that's why I love the spot.The space has a great, low key vibe, but sometimes it gets a little to dark for my liking. It's perfect for groups 4 and under, and the space have special events almost every week. The upstairs boasts a private space for wine dinners (which I've heard are great). This place is a double edged sword for me. I can't rationalize with a $12 cocktail most nights, but you can find me most Tuesdays with a $5 cocktail enjoying the space.
4	One of my absolute favorites in Pittsburgh.  The ambiance is cool, and everything they serve is thoughful and delicious: food and drinks both.  It is pricey, yes, but similar to many of the nicer places in Pittsburgh and with equally good food.  The pork belly bites are outrageous, as is the marco burger, pork loin, and butternut squash soup.  This place is tiny, so get reservations.  It's one of my favorite date places.I went back for my first brunch here, and I should note that the service was sloooow.  I was sitting at the bar, and waited 30-45 minutes for my food.  The people next to me at the bar waited nearly that long for their table, even though they had a reservation.  The apologized to all of us, but it made me wonder if they have some kinks to work out of the brunch service.  On the plus side, The brunch cocktails looked ridiculously creative and delicious (I wasn't in a booze mood).  I had the corn pancakes with bacon, and the bacon was possibly the most perfect and delicious bacon I've ever had-- smoky, peppery, and sweet.  I'll be dreaming about that bacon.  The music was perfect for brunch too, in the Van Morrison and Motown  wheelhouse.  I really want to come back here for an unhurried brunch after a late night out, and enjoy some comforting food, music, and Hair of the Dog.
2	Don't worry I'll never return here again. "Brunch" menu is extremely limited here. I had the scrambled eggs, potatoes, and greens. Good dish - except - HEAVILY SALTED. All three of the items were FLOODED with salt. If I had been without friends, I would have sent the whole plate back. TOO MUCH SALT folks. What's going on!!!?? Other big issue:  COFFEE IS WARM. Server serves in thermal pitchers that are not hot. Again, I would have sent them back if I had been alone. Please serve HOT coffee not warm coffee!Please!!!!
4	We had our first official meeting of the minds and stomachs here as Laura chose Bar Marco as the destination for our monthly PGH Brunch Club gathering.  It was a nice sunny but chilly Sunday afternoon and we were seated right near the entrance to this quaint eatery.  There was a good bit of natural light coming through the windows but unfortunately ever time the doors opened we received a reminder of how chilly this November day was.  So chilly we had left our coats on for a majority of the meal.  They did try to counterbalance the effect with drapes that semi-covered the entrance but it was still a little uncomfortable.  We started with drinks.  I ordered a bloody Mary while Matt had a Mimosa.  The bloody was very tasty, nice horseradish flavor with the right amount of pepper and spice.  I especially appreciated the toppings of olives, cheese, and meat.  I was a little disappointed that the second one I ordered didn't include the meat...sigh.After viewing the brunch menu I decided on the Pork Belly.  This dish came with one sunny side up egg, and a bed of black rice underneath.  Matt chose the rigatoni that came with prosciutto, cipollini and sage.  Our wait was short and out came our dishes.  The pork belly was wonderful, savory, crispy, fattening little slab.  The egg was prepared nicely and was a great balance to the rest of the dish.  My husband also enjoyed his rigatoni.  Unfortunately, I think the size of our entrees VS the cost was a complete miss.  Good, oh yes very, very good!  This is the reason for the rating.  Flavor profile was excellent, but for $16.00 a plate I was expecting a bigger ration.  Both plates should have sold for closer to $10.00.  Poor Matt, his portion was tiny.  It was really just a cup to a cup and half of noodles.  Noodles!  The cheapest thing around and that was his portion.  He was still quite hungry after we left...sad face...Our server was nice and overall relatively attentive.  I very much enjoyed the space and do want to try them again.  Maybe for happy hour, I hear they have pretty good deals on Tuesdays!
3	Bar Marco had delicious food. The burger and pork dishes were the top picks at our table. I had the pasta,bacon, and Apple dish and felt it was over salted. However, the service here makes it not worth the visit. We had reservations for 11:30 and we didn't get seated till 45 min after this. The drinks made the wait bearable but the mixed drinks were over priced and coffees were not refilled with out chasing down a waiter. Once we were sat we never we asked if we wanted new drinks. A quick brunch with friends ended up being 3 hrs. In summary, awesome food but terrible service.
4	Love it! Love the atmosphere. Love the cocktails. Love the locay. Love the service. What's not to love about this place? Translation: If you're on the Strip and looking for a classy place to pop in for a drink, you've just found it.
4	The food is inventive, incredibly flavorful, expertly prepared and made of quality local sourced ingredients.  Portions are intentionally small so as to allow for a varied tapas-style tasting rather than a more traditional menu.  The drinks (full bar) are extremely good, mixed up the right way with thoughtful and creative twists on the classics ingredients.  Extensive wine list, novel cocktails, giant ice cubes - it's a great experience even if just for drinks (but the food shouldn't be missed.)  The atmosphere is also no-nonsense.  Cozy, minimalist, and small - so call ahead as seating is limited.
5	I love everything about this place, and after having been there for brunch and dinner, I can say with much confidence that this is a prime eating/drinking location in Pittsburgh. BrunchWe arrived, and the host let us know that we could sit at any location, and we chose the bar. The bartender Carrie was awesome! She was able to mix whatever combination was asked for, and she was very attentive to detail. She even wrote down the recipe for a cocktail that I loved! Who does that?!We ordered the pork and beef meatballs that came on a bed of grits and capers with a tangy tomato sauce. Yum! Also split the espresso burger with rosemary aioli and the potatoes with hollandaise sauce. Everything was rich and filling, and all three of us were satiated at the conclusion of the brunch. Wonderful experience and can't wait to return!
5	A gem. Great drinks, friendly service on an otherwise bleak trip. The menuless ordering system scared me at first but the bartender quickly got a grasp on what I liked and didn't like. Wish we had Alek (Alex?) in San Francisco or Oakland.
2	The food was good for the most part, but couldn't eat one of the ingredients and the chef had no clue what to do so just gave me more potatoes.  Slight burned at that . The server/waiter was clueless, had to go get my own water refills a couple of times. Meat was perfectly cooked, but tragically overpriced for bad service.
