4	Bookman's is a really great resource if you are looking get rid of some old books, movies, music or videogames.  Bring your stuff in and they they'll give you a fair amount of trade credit that you can spend on items in the store.  DO NOT bring in old items expecting to walk out with a handful of CASH... unless an item is really coveted expect to get pennies on the dollar.Sometimes it's hard to find the item I'm looking for.  They don't have any sort or computerized inventory and their selection is always changing.  The store is huge though, allow plenty of time to wanted around and flip through some pages.  At the very least I can usually leave with a almost-new magazine, marked down half price.  Can beat a deal like that.
4	This is the best Bookman's in the Phoenix area. Just a huge selection of books, and unlike the corporate competition you never know what you're going to find. This can be both awesome and frustrating, but always fun. You also gotta love the piles and piles of used magazines, the stockade of vintage video games, and the old D&D games. You could easily come out of here ready for junior high in 1989. But obviously there's a lot for more adult tastes as well. I particularly love browing the religion and fiction sections. Those seem particularly well stocked.  It's a real nice stop for a quiet night. Walk around for an hour or two, get a nice pile of books, cozy up in one of those quiet corners on a comfortable couch or chair and go through 'em.
5	I looooovvvvvveeee Bookmans.Firstly, I am a big fan of recycling.  When we are bored with our stuff why not sell it to someone who wants it?Secondly, I am a big fan of the classes - Sign with Baby, Bellydance, Yoga, etc. etc.The staff is always friendly and helpful (not to mention, many of them have really cool looks - one girl has no eyebrows only metal studs! - another girl has PINK hair!!)Thirdly, everytime you go you can find a treasure.  They have everything from electronics, to old magazines, to jewelry, to games!Fourthly, they are snack friendly - you can bring your own latte - you don't have to buy a latte with the company that struck the best deal with the bookstore!Lastly, Bookman's is dog friendly - yep, you can bring your pooch as long as he/she is on the leash.  Bookmans is a lot of fun!  I love that place!!
4	Bookman's already has plenty of reviews from others.  I agree, it is a wonderful place to fine used books.  You can't beat the prices, and the staff are always nice.  They are a fantastic source for old books.  If you want new editions or current maps, you might want to pay full price at the stores that carry new books because you won't find them here.I want to point out that they have free wifi.  It is not alweays dependable.... but that is the way a lot of things are at Bookmans.  It's part of the charm.  It makes everyone feel like a starving student again.
4	I am addicted to Bookman's.  I will go there with a certain amount of cash (usually $50) and promise myself I won't spend a penny more.Yeah, right.As soon as I walk in, I smell the books.  Some people don't like this smell, but as a voracious reader, I love it!  Smells like home :}So, I browse the books for at least an hour.  Sometimes, if I am looking for something specific, it won't take me as long.  Then, off to the DVDs.  I love the selection!  All those 80s movies and cheesy horror flicks!Even got an XBox here last year and a bunch of games.  they even have belly dancing classes on Sundays!
3	i have a friend who is the master of showing me things i am all about... holy cow did he pull through on this.my friends and i saw the diving bell and the butterfly and knew we needed the book. we ordered it on amazon. it shipped. they sent us the version with the movie poster. we were so disappointed. i knew it would be a real shot in the dark to look here, but i was able to come up on two copies of the book with legit artwork. i was so happy.
3	Well I thought I'd take my leftovers from my trip to the Bookmans on Country Club to this location.I did not like this store as much as the other one for these reasons:1) The layout of the store does not flow2) Things are a mess, out of order, very unorganized and hard to find3) They seem to charge more and give less4) The staff was not as friendly They took about the same amount and type of stuff from me at the Country Club location did but only gave me half as much credit here?I was looking through their movie section which is alot larger than the country club location but noticed some of the same titles at higher prices? (and way higher than Zia's)Anyhow I'm still a fan of Bookman's just not this location.Any other fans that haven't visited the country club location should give it a try, I think you'll agree, Things are much easier to find , navigating through the store is more user friendly and the staff seems to care about keeping things in order.
4	Great place! I love selling there, I get credit or cash back and it's not too shabby. A couple of things I don't like about it: --they host meetings in that little room in the back that tend to get VERY loud. I realize it's a bookSTORE and not a library, but I am seriously deterred from continuing my book browsing when a bunch of noisy people are talking with their playground voices and not their inside-voices. (Yes, I am a teacher)--it would be cool if there was some sort of database so that a person could call or do an online search to see if Bookman's has a certain book. I realize this is a daunting task, but they could gradually start it by doing one extra step of entering book titles / authors every time they purchase a book from sellers. It could even be a shared online database that each has access to at their stations. Or they could write it down on a sheet that employees would later enter into a spreadsheet or database.
4	Yes it's a little dirty...yes it smells like dusty old books...yes it's a little bit sloppy and disorganized; but isn't that half the fun?I generally go into bookmans with nothing whatsoever in mind to buy, randomly browse shelves and leave with wonderful treasures. The only time I have a mission here is when I go looking for pre-movie book covers(i have an obsessive hatrid of movie book covers) And I found Fear and Loathing and High Fidelity pretty quickly my last two trips.I also love that they have used magazines. I am a mag junkie and this saves me so much money and lets me know what the highest fashion was in 1986.  They also have a dirty mag closet if you are brave but used porno freaks me the hell out.My only complaint is that the staff here never seems very helpful or happy to be there. If I worked at a used book store I would be smilier than Ron Jeremy...Well maybe almost as smily as.The vinyl is a bit like shopping thrift store but it's ok I really like the process of digging for that perfect find.All in all, good stuff.
5	OK first off two pieces of information I use to work here which makes me a bit partial to the store, and I am not much of a trade in person. Yes I hang on to everything I own so I cant rate the store on the trade aspect.  Because of those reasons I give this place a five but the average shopper I would say would rank it about a four.  The main reason I love Bookmans as a shopper may be what some don't like. Which is that the place is just everywhere, the organized disorganization is part of the stores charm. I love to just spend hours searching for hidden treasures with in the orange book shelves. It may take more time to shop, unlike a Borders or Barnes and noble, but I never come home empty handed.    The store has a music, video and gaming sections that include new stuff such as blue ray DVDs to LPS. Yet Bookmans really shines when it comes to buying books and kitchy items at a great price. Everyday there's something new to buy so coming in often is a good idea.
4	I love love LOVE Bookmans.I moved out here about 2 years ago, and a good friend said I had to check Bookman's out. He would go and spend the day and read whole books there, and it was all good! Now, I can't spend that much time, my personal assistant (she's 3) won't let me sit and read a whole book, but we can spend several hours browsing without a complaint.I always purchase my magazines here.  You can get the latest Revolver, Rolling Stone, AP, SPIN, etc for half the price. I also buy a lot of the kids books, and I don't feel guilty for walking out with a stack.My only complaint is that the cds give the impression that they are alphabetized, but they are merely half-assed.  By the time we make it to the cds my assistant has become impatient and I am unable to spend the same amount of time thumbing through them as I was allowed in the books.  Maybe next time I will hit them first... maybe.~2*I have read through some reviews here, and I have to agree with some that the [book] search is the best part AND the smell is heavenly.
5	I am in love with Bookman's.  When I was in college in Flagstaff I spent many a day poking around trying to find a new book to read.  When I moved back to the valley I was sad, no longer was there a Bookman's within walking distance of my home, but that has all changed since I moved.  I now live around the block from the biggest and best used bookstore.  I understand that as an English teacher I may be unusually obsessed with books, but nothing brings me as much joy as a good trip to Bookman's.  I also love that I can tell them I don't need a bag and they don't look at me like I am some sort of crazy hippie.  Love it!
4	I think half the fun of a used bookstore is the treasure hunt.  This used bookstore is better organized than some of my old haunts in Dallas but I will survive.I think of used bookstores similar to looking through your Grandmother's attic at her book collection - it isn't supposed to be all shiny and new.Bookman's has a decent selection of books, I've found an entire collection of Rishdie one afternoon! Of course it is always going to be a crapshoot but that is just the way it is in used books.
4	I will boil it down to just a few words...You wont find a better used book store in Phoenix.
5	I'm probably biased because I practically grew up in the original Bookman's in Tucson and by that I mean I started with them in their initial location that no longer exists and was there the day that they moved into the former El Rancho Market. One of my main regrets in moving to Phoenix in '99 was that the only Bookman's was all the way in Mesa and my apartment was at 19th and Northern. Luckily, I eventually spent nearly three years working across the 60 from the Mesa Bookman's and they finally opened a Phoenix store right around the corner from my old apartment. Since we still live in North Central Phoenix, I find myself spending a fair amount of time at Bookman's. I've even introduced my children to the store and hope they will grow up with as many good memories of this store as I have.Bookman's is a great place to just wander and find books you never would have considered. It's also the best place to buy DVD's and why would anyone pay full price for magazines when Bookman's usually has the new issue within 2-3 weeks of publication?
5	To continue with my quest of finding 21 books of the first Harry Potter book for my daughter's 5th grade class, I finally ended up at Bookman's.  I don't know why I did not start there in the first place.  When I asked for the book, they had about six on the shelf and then one of the employees told me she thought another employee had a box of them in the back.  Excitement immediately filled my soul.  I kept thinking, could it be possible that I could get all the books my daughter needed from one place now?The employee came out with a box full of Volume #1 Harry Potter books and I was thrilled.  I told the lady I could just hug her and she told me she was so happy that she made me happy.  They are the nicest people in there, plus they gave me a 10% discount too, even though I'm not the teacher, but they believed me that I was getting them for my daughter, who is the teacher.I would completely and highly recommend Bookman's for your reading needs.  They are fabulous and thank you so much.
3	I only needed the WIFI, but if I were into books, dvds, cds, records etc. THIS IS THE PLACE.
5	Bookman's...wow.I really should never buy books or CDs anywhere else.  This place has AMAZING selection.  They also have a pretty fair trade-in policy.  I think we still have $15 credit from when we went here last month...I'm sure we'll get around to spending it.  :)
5	This store rocks.  My husband and I spent our remaining credit on Christmas gifts for each other...we each found something for $8.  :)
3	playing the "poor college student" card here, i went to bookmans with a dvd player, computer speakers, a digi cam, an iflip, and about 90 dvds including some tv sets.they took 4 of my dvds (2 seasons of l word, my nightmare on elm st. video set [including 3d glasses, in great condition - what a find, that bitch cost me $100!!!], and a family guy i think. and they gave me $12. what a load of shit.they took the dvd player, digi cam, and iflip of course. gave me like $33 for those. again, rip.overall, kind of picky as far as what they take, cuz when i was browsing the shelves, lots of the movies i had/was turning weren't on their shelves.so instead, i took all my dvds to mo money pawn shop on 12th and indian school and got 85 big green bitchez. it looks like they have a ton of books, which is pretty cool, but i believe in a system of free literature, aka the library.screw you, bookmans!however, you get three point five stars because not only did i find my favorite lez movie lola, but another great flick by the name of everyday people.
5	Never thought I'd find anything better than Bookman's. But then I found.. well, Bookman's. See I been goin' to the Mesa store for years now and never complained once, but lately, I don't know, even with people bringing in new trade every day, seems like the shelves have been stocked with the same old stuff. Not to mention they've been turning down my same old box of stuff for a while now - used to be I brought it in enough times they'd eventually take it off my hands.. So I ventured out to the Phoenix store yesterday.Wow. I must admit, I was a little confused at first - the layout's a little disorienting.. Trade counter's to your right when you walk in (drop your stuff off around the back of the counter) and the Cashier counter is to your left. Books straight ahead, Media to the left. The Media section - that's what the wow was for. Probably twice the size of the Mesa store. Usually I stroll through the CDs and DVDs - 10, 15 minutes maybe. I was there for an hour and a half yesterday. Couldn't believe the selection of CDs, DVDs, Laser Discs, LPs, VHS, cassette tapes, video games, Books on CD/tape.. Other thing that's cool - they've got a toys/games room for action figures, board games,  puzzles (so many puzzles).. I do have one other update for Bookman's fans in general (noticed the same thing at the other store) - apparently they're not sticking to that old A Trade (media), B Trade (books) thing anymore - used to be you got different levels of credit depending on what you brought it, but not anymore - it's all A Trade now, good for anything in the store.And yes, this store has an armoir full of porn, too ;)
4	Bookman's is kept up much better than any other used book store I know. They have a nice selection of used electronics as well.
4	Though I'd known about Bookman's for since at least last thursday, it wasn't until I realized that I was too weak and lazy to pack up and carry all of my books with me to California that I decided them a try. Now I've been going at least once a week for the past month. Leave it to Jetta to find all the good shit to do in Phoenix just as she's about to leave.Admittedly, of all the business that might suffer from my sudden ceasing of patronage, Bookman's is probably at the bottom of the list. I don't buy books. Sometimes I'll take one off the shelf and read enough of it to convince myself that I don't need (i.e. can't afford) it. If it's something really special, like the sourcebook for some discontinued tabletop RPG or vintage fetish porn, I'll take it over to whoever I'm at the store with (if I'm alone I'll just find the nearest person), show them said book, and use their twisted expressions of disinterest to convince me that I'd be better off without it.Bookman's seduces me not with its science fiction section, but with its electronic media. I don't even think FunCoLand had this wide of a variety of used SNES, NES, N64, Sega Genesis, Sega CD, Atari and graphing calculator games. I don't buy any of them, because I have entire external hard drives dedicated to digital backups of all the old 8 and 16 bit games I used to enjoy as a child that I only keep as a precaution and don't ever hook up to no PC and play, using a specially modified SNES controller with a USB port that I may or may not have put on myself.I'd go into business making such contraptions myself, but when compared to the two usb controllers I bought at Bookman's (including one with dual analog and a vibrate feature that I like to call "why pirating games is so goddam appealing"), my little gizmo looks sloppy and haphazard, like a Republican politician trying to cover up a scandal. The DVD selection is quite reasonable, almost ...too... reasonable. Yesterday I found Season 1 of the Super Mario Bros Super Show for 11 dollars and had to be reminded that retarded impulse purchases like that are why I'm eating potato chip and cheese sandwiches. But seriously, at Borders its probably 40 dollars plus a strange glare by the faux punk chick working the counter. This sort of conundrum is why I never have enough cash in my account to use an ATM.I only have two gripes with Bookman's. Firstly, the other customers, especially those who bring in used items to a used book store in the middle of an economic recession and then complain when the offer is so low, especially since these are the same jagoffs who blow $10 on a cobb salad because it will "help out a local business". Secondly, the board game selection defies the laws of physics by sucking and blowing at the same time. If it's not a trivia game or a game based off a television show (or any combination of the two), they most likely won't have it. But this probably isn't their fault. Most people upon finding a game like Munchkin or Chez Dork or Illuminati, will actually enjoy it and therefore would find being offered 2 dollars of store credit for it a raw and inconvenient deal. Still, if you could find physics majors willing to part with their graphing calculators and closeted gay men willing to part with their Hardy Boys, I'm sure you could coax any of the many many nerds leeching off your wi-fi into beefing up your board game section. Perhaps a 15 second shopping spree in the pornoires? Don't scoff. With their selection of porn, 15 seconds is all you and your mother will need.All in all my favorite book store, though I'm not sure that's an honor you want to be showing off to your friends.
5	Ahh...I love this place....such a great place to shop for cheap manga....this is were i buy most of my series...such as Negima or Bleach...The scent of tear-and-wear paper is in the air...such a delightful aroma to a cheap bookworm as myself...because i know i can afford the books...The manga and books are half-off their original retail price, which is a really good deal. They also sell magazines,video games,dvds, anime, cds, soundtracks,action figures,plushies,and other collectibles that are located in the back of the store. I always come here every time i have cash in hand...and off i go! So all you need is about twenty bucks and you can buy yourself a smorgasbord of books or items...
4	I don't care what my mom thinks, I LIKE the way this place smells.Bookman's hosted a Dog Days of Summer event this past weekend, which was really a non-event, as far as I was able to see, but it was still Bookman's and they're super cool even when nothing special is going on.  Their raffle ticket announcements were unintelligible and I had to ask around to find out how to even get a ticket.  The free ice cream from Blue Bell was apparently packed up and taken away within less than the first hour of the event which went from 1-4pm.  There was also a loosely organized craft class in the back room for the kids, and a table set up near the media area that had pet-oriented books pulled aside into a convenient grouping.   I only found one worth having this time, a book about hiking and camping with your dog.A maze of shelves full of musty treasures and excercise equipment for your imagination is sure to provide some pleasure for everyone, as it kept me and my K9 companion Jaek occupied for well over an hour.  i'd never known I could bring my mutt inside, and the staff were all friendly and accomodating, but bookman's being dog friendly was apparently news to some of the other patrons, as well, since they looked a little shocked by us and the handful of other pet/owner couples present.   Open note to other pet owners, if your canine friend has some dog-aggression issues, putting a harness and a "Don't Pet Me I'm Working" patch on it will not trick anyone into thinking your buddy's a Trained Therapy/Assistance Dog.  No problem with you trying to take your dog places, but just saying work on its social skills a little first.I knew I was a fan of Bookman's, but recently perusing their website has reminded me just what an awesome local, socially responsible company Bookman's is.  They are a model of the whole Reduce and Reuse before Recycling philosophy, and they walk the talk, too, it's not a marketing ploy like some companies try.Bookman's kicks butt.  Even if my Mom thinks it's stinky.
5	Ooh Bookmans, you are a diamond in the rough.  It takes some searching, but I have found some real and true gems here including a weird mag called Rollerderby by an artist I love named Dame Darcy as well as a book on topiary and a little china clown doll (sounds hideous but she is quite charming!)
5	Whatever you're after, books, music, games...check out Bookmans.The prices are reasonable, and their trade-in policy has improved, now you can get anything you want, trade in a pile of magazines and get an Xbox game. No more A Trade/B Trade segregation.I frequently find good Nintendo games for $1 or $2. And Boardgames ahoy, lots of rarities that you just don't see in stores anymore.Give them a try, you'll like it.
4	Not your usual used book store.  If you are after a musty, disorganized old store and a leisurely search for "buried treasure" this is not the place.  Extremely well organized at Bookmans, with shelves labeled and stock neatly arranged and categorized correctly.  Shopping here is more like Barnes and Noble than what you might think of as a used book store.Don't expect all, or even most of your old books to be accepted in trade.  They have a lot of the best-sellers and don't want more copies.  But try anyway.  Trade credit is liberal.  Cash value nominal.Lots of electronic entertainment as well.  The place is huge so you can certainly spend a pleasant hour or so browsing.  I'll go back, but with more realistic expectations about trade-ins!Tucked behind another building so be patient and get off the street into the lot.  In the same plaza as Hobby Bench, which is more visible from 19th than Bookmans.
4	I love books and I love bargains. Put the two together, and you have a place called Bookmans, or as I like to call it, my book heaven. I recently purchased four books for about $30 -- that's the price of one, new hardbound book -- and was thrilled by all the great bargains I found during my casual stroll through the many, many isles of books, cds and dvds.What I love about the whole used bookstore concept is being able to give a new life to a book someone didn't want anymore.  I especially get a kick out of finding old books with inscriptions inside. One I found says:       "Pam, This is my number 1 all time favorite book. I hope you have        a relaxing holiday with your family and look forward to adventures        in the new year!"I felt bad for the inscriber, since the book obviously did not become Pam's favorite, so I bought it in hopes that the inscription would ring true for me.I'm glad a bookstore like Bookmans is around and that they are able to compete with the big chains.  It is a great place to find great deals, and I'm hooked!
5	WOW - this place is incredible.  It is huge, well lit, organized and everything is used and reasonably priced.  Saw this place on Yelp and had to check it out.  They advertise as an entertainment exchange store.  They take trades on books, magazines, movies, CDs, games......   I have never seen a used place this well, great.  Wish we had something comparable in Denver.
4	I have been frequenting this location for about 4 years (before I would go to the Flagstaff or Mesa stores) and always find great books- some that I was looking for and others I just came across. I've always loved the large travel, fiction and science fiction sections, as well as nonfiction, such as history, computers and psychology.Recently I bought a Wii game system and shopped games here. I noticed the used games seem overpriced, with semi-popular titles being well over $20, and even lame titles being at least that much. I was not impressed with the game section.Overall, I shop Bookman's for the books, and I appreciate the friendly staff and ability to trade in my own books and games for credit or cash.
5	wow, this is the place, to go for all your needs in bargains.better then amazon,borders and barnes and nobles.i am so amazed and just found out about this place thru yelp.
4	I'm not quite sure why I liked Bookmans so much better than its closest competitor Half Price Books -- there were definitely some cheesy things here, like the rack of tabloids by the checkout. And the weirdly large media section. The nonfiction books were comparable to HPB's used (non-remainder) books -- they must skim off the better books to sell on the internet.However, the literature & fiction section was excellent and scores points. Also there's a community room, and they were running some kind of kids' reading competition.I guess the difference is that Bookmans seems to really want to be a socially responsible business that's engaged in the community, while HPB is mostly posing.
5	This place was near my office and I love books, so I thought I'd check it out. At first, I was a bit nervous, because everyone was tellig me how "ghetto" it was. I'm glad to say that Bookmans is actually a great place! Great prices and a HUGE selection of books. I've even grabbed a record or two. A great, quiet place to kill a lunch hour and get some books you've been meaning to buy.
3	I dropped by this second hand place a few times. I was able to find some foreign language books in a usuable condition at very attractive prices. One item was a keeper for $5 ; printed 30 years ago. They have a very wide selection of games, music , novel and educational books but in the foreign language areas, they are not too deep. You won't find consecutive volumes of the same series title in French or Italian. There is a categorical orderliness to the place but an incomplete selection that is typical of any second hand store.The service is upon demand. I find the people worker there friendly and take their time to help you. The place is setup to make you feel like you are not overpaying for stuff however the downside is that it is not design to be a place to hang around for a long time because it doesn't have a coffee shop inside. A good place to visit every once in a while to find that classic out of print item or  to experience something new from the B&N and Borders. I like to see what else they do to differentiate themselves.
5	Bookmans is my favorite bookstore anywhere. They have a giant selection of books of every genre and that is only half the store. The store itself is huge, which is great, because usually used book stores are crammed. It is a little confusing trying to find your way around the store, but they have the store layout on some of the shelves which helps. The coolest thing about this store is that you can bring in your old media (books, music, video games, etc) and trade them for store credit or cash. If you trade for credit, they will give you a very good deal. I don't know why anyone would get cash when they have so many cool things to buy.
4	I love love love Bookmans.  I've been going to Bookmans for almost 15 years now, starting while living in Tucson and going to U of A.  The only problem is that this particular Bookmans doesn't seem to understand how to price used video games.  I've contacted the management and maybe it will get better, but last time I was in town just a month ago, they were charging $45 for a used copy of Batman for the 360, and BestBuy was selling brand new copies for $30.  The guy at the desk claimed they priced off of Gamestop, but I think even Gamestop is more in touch with current prices than they are.If you can, go to the East Valley one off Country Club - they seem to understand used game pricing better.  Otherwise, a fantastic chain that needs to come to LA!
4	This place is really great. I hate to throw away old books, so I feel good that I can recycle them by selling them to Bookman's so other people can get the chance to read them too. They have a huge selection of books that are hard to find at other books stores, because of other people that sell their books there too. Don't forget to check out the CD's and DVD's also.
2	Ya know I am just not a big fan of Bookmans like everyone else seems to be. I guess I get so many teacher discounts that Bookmans is nothing to talk about in that area.  I should love this place being the literacy queen that I am but I find them way to expensive. Examples- I found a game of Jenga here used. Box ripped but in semi OK condition. I am not kidding when I say the game cost more than a brand new one at Target. Also, they had a library book there that I am sure someone stole and they were charging 50 cents less than what Borders was charging retail with no discount. Now granted it is the best browsing store around  but the deals here are not great unless you have a trade in slip, or gift card. It is especially not a great  discount for educators. Lots of hoop jumping for 20 percent or so off and it still is more than Gardeners, Borders, Barnes and Noble, and Scholastic and their stuff is brand new.  Even with the discount things will cost you way to much for used items.Also, last week i went in and was treated rudely  by a trading staff member. They also rip you off in trade and cash. i know they are making a fortune on the things they take in.And they actually take in very little for the most part so don't get your hopes up that they will buy your stuff.  But I guess if you are broke and need 5 dollars they might buy a book or DVD from you but I guarantee they will resell if for 50 bucks or so. lol!
5	I like Bookmans over Barnes and Noble because there is a large selection of lightly used books/DVDs/video games selling for half price. Also they're a great place to buy magazines for those airplane rides/road trips. Bookmans usually has the issues for the current year, so if you don't mind having someone else's address on your magazine this place is for you.You can also trade in your books/CDs/DVDs for store credit. I don't recommend selling your stuff for cash because the offer they give is VERY low.
4	I went in today 10/18/10 to sell some CDs for my landlord that a renter left behind. I was treated very well. ( Much better than the last time I was in)  I also received an email in regards to my prior review from the store manager last week. That is very impressive. I still think they are expensive on some items but I understand they are a private owned, non chain store. However, I am very happy to see the manager try to retain me as a customer.I was impressed when she tried to offer me a free coupon for a future visit, which was totally unnecessary but very classy! I love great customer service! It really makes a difference to me. I was thrilled to see the Dexter books on the "Hot item" shelf. I couldn't believe it!  They were both on my reading list and a long wait at the library.  So I bought them. they were a bit pricey for used but in great shape so the deal was good.
4	Best place to recycle unwanted stuff for cash or store credit.  They have a huge selection of books, cds dvds, books, games, records, videos, even old school toys.  I couldn't stop laughing when I saw a set of N'SYNC dolls, but was missing JT.  Hmmm...  They have free WIFI!
5	Bookmans, I love this place!  When they thought of this idea it was a great day!!  What could be better than every type of book you could ever want.  Tons of magazines, puzzles, games, CD's, videos, and even books on CD.  My new fav is the housewares Dept. You can find so many wonderful treasures there including clothing items on occasion. You never know what you will find when you come in it is always exciting!!   You can take your gently used books, and other products that they sell. Then you get trade for your own purchases. It is so much fun. This is a very clean store, with very clean bathrooms.  The staff is always very helpful. They can show you where a book might be if they have it. But, they do not a system to track if they have the book in stock. All in all a great experience!
4	The Flagstaff location pre-fire was the best place in Arizona for book hunting.... The 19th Ave location is less heavy on classic literature, but does have a smattering of every genre and I've found ganga deals on Art books here. And as with any Bookman's location, the time you take hunting through titles inevitably yields something wonderful.
3	Not impressed.  They dont give you very much for your trade but thats expected. Some of there pricing look to be a little expensive for used items. I was excided when this one opened, because I use to go to the one in mesa all the time an always seem to score something great. I use to go to this location quite a bit after they opened but never really found anything like I did at the mesa location. I still vist this location every now and then hoping to see something I cant live without.
5	Bookmans is Great!  They probably don't need another positive review but so what.  I use Bookmans for recycling books I've read and for buying used books for myself.  All I can say is that I like everything about the way they do business.  They have great people working there.  The store vibe is very positive.  Their prices are very fair and what they pay for your used books is incredibly fair, plus you know that you've made a positive contribution to our society by recycling books that others can enjoy.  Do yourself a favor and stop in.  Enjoy!
5	Definitely the best place to sell books anywhere!  They give a very fair trade rate for any books I bring in.  Even when busy, they efficiently can give you an offer in 15 minutes or less.  Great place!
5	I love Bookmans.  It's one of the best sources for used media that I have ever been too.  Overall, it might be the best.  I've never seen a better selection of books, records, Cd's, video games and magazines in one place.  You'll even find collectibles and cassette tapes.  The Mesa location has the benefit of the cafe with wifi but I do like the Phoenix location a bit better.  I've made better scores here and the DVD selection is more impressive.  Don't let that detract from the Mesa store, however, as it still has much to offer and is still an awesome place.A trip to both stores would make for a fun day browsing used books and records.
3	I've only been here twice but the first time was great. My son received a gift certificate for his birthday so I took him there to use it. We spend an hour in there browsing everything. The employees were very friendly nad helpful. They had so much great stuff! Most of the prices were fair but the electronics seemed a bit over priced but we still found some great deals.This place is about 35 minutes from my house but we went back a few days later to trade some stuff. The second time was not good. It seemed like every person that worked there that I encountered had an attitude. I had never traded so I was kind of standing there and no one offered to help me for several minutes. I'm not sure I'll go back anytime soon but not because of the store itself and the amazing assortment of items they carry, but because of rudeness and low morale I seemed to run into at my visit.
1	I am an avid record collector and have always gone to the Mesa store to buy LP's from Dino.  I have been to the Phoenix store many times and their selection is very lacking.  Last time I was there I overheard a customer saying he gets Needless to say I observed him buying a large stack of Blue Note jazz lp's that were priced on the spot for him for $2 a piece.  Even in bad condition these are $15-30 records.  I even asked to look at them and this greasy older guy told me he was just going to resell them.  This is really bad business because everyone deserves a shot at these records, of course employees get first shot which is fair.  I would have paid a nice price for those same records and been happy to drop a hundred bucks or so.  Needless to say Phoenix Bookman's is off of my radar for vinyl trips around the city.
5	Ok, so I tried this place again and I have to say the 2nd time around was a completely different experience. Everyone was friendly and helpful and we found some really great stuff.The cashier was awesome and had trivia questions for all of the customers. We'll definitely be going back soon!
4	Awesome bookstore. Unlike another business around here with the word "exchange" in their title, this place actually does buy your stuff if you bring it in. Basically, if they don't currently have a copy of what you're trying to sell in stock, they'll buy it and give you a very fair amount in credit. The only issue I take with Bookman's is that it's almost pointless to go there looking for something specific. About five times I've had store credit in my wallet and I've called looking for a specific (usually very common) book and they didn't have it. Only once did they have what I was looking for (a copy of The Monkey Wrench Gang by Ed Abbey). Still, this place is super rad and well worth checking out.
3	love this place!  Always a hidden jem hiding for a true book lover.  However, my only issues are the prices.  Geesh, since when is a CD worth $7 when you can buy it online and it will never scratch.  The magazine selection is AMAZING.  The store is clean and arranged well.  The prices are slowly creeping up, I kinda understand, just disappointed .  Still wont keep me from making my 2wice monthly visit.
4	Just recently found out about this place.  Went in with a bunch of old crap and came out with almost a hundred bucks in credit.  I just wish I knew about it before I gave two crates of disney movies to savers.
2	I give it a 2 based on atmosphere. It is like going to the flea market of books and the customers act in kind. I love going to  bookstores, my husband is a writer so it is one of our hobbies... I enjoy looking for rare copies from great quirky writers and then sitting and drinking in the scene and this IS NOT that kind of place. Example- the only Cormac McCarthy they had was The Road, which I viewed while I saw kids shoving on each other and a dog barking at the front door.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go browse around in. I don't think I have ever walked in looking for something specific, but always walk out with something. They are like the Walmart of entertainment. Besides being predominantly a book store, they also have tons of games, magazines, posters, cds, vinyls, dvds, blu-rays, posters, you name it. My favorite section is the videogame department; they have everything new and retro, including old NES, SNES, Sega and more. So whenever I'm bored, or looking for cool new-old things, I go to Bookmans.
4	Coming from the Flagstaff Bookman's, I always think, WHOA! this place is huge! They have a large selection of everything, and I usually spend a lot of time in the travel section, fiction, biography, nonfiction, and records. I am currently stalking this place weekly for a record player, actually, so if you see one there you should message me! Anyway enough about my personal problems. I can blow a whole afternoon in Bookman's. The only thing it's really missing is a cafe and some beds so I can eat and sleep here.Also life hack- steal magazines from your dentists office and sell them back to Bookman's for store credit. It almost makes going to the dentist worthwhile.
4	I collect video games and check Bookman's every couple of months. Their selection varies but its a cool place to get old school games and systems. Their prices are moderate. Fair return policy too. Worth going to if you like used, old stuff.
1	I've been a loyal Bookman's customer for years. But lately the book buyers at  their Phoenix location have become condescending. Especially the men. I had a bad experience with a short guy with a long, full black beard with grey (?) in it. My family members don't want to trade with them any more. I was the last hold-out, and I don't think I want to either.
3	I used to be a real big fan of Bookmans. Less so when they changed their trade policy a few years ago, since I get less than I did before the change. I still like it as there are limited places for used books and the selection here if often unbeatable for books. The prices as others have noted have slowly been creeping up, and my biggest issue is that for newer video games, I've found are the same price as brand new games from a retail store or no less that a couple bucks cheaper. Sometimes you can find a deal, but its very rare. Even their older games can get a bit pricey, though for the most part they are generally reasonable.Overall a good used bookstore with a great selection.
4	This is the response that I got from Bookmans for my review. As I responded to her, I find it reassuring that management looks into customer feedback. I'm still not a fan of buying newer games from them, I like that they are at least listening to customer's concerns."Thanks for taking the time to leave a review of our store.  I understand your frustration with increased prices.  We do our best to stay competitive with other used retailers and unlike new retail, we offer a 7 day return policy for video games so you aren't stuck with a game you aren't into.  I often hear from customers that this is the biggest selling point when choosing between new and used video games. With Bookmans, you don't have to commit to a title like you do with new retail. Anyway, I just wanted to say hi and thank you for the kind words.  We look forward to seeing you in the store again soon.Sincerely,Katie DowningStore ManagerBookmans Phoenix location"
4	I come for the books!  Last time I was here there was a large display of The Secret books.  It made me wonder if all the people that sold these books to Bookmans had ever discovered the Secret.  I love walking up and down the isles of Bookmans while pondering shit like that about the books previous owner.  I try not to get too junked out about the fact that their germs are all over a book I'm about to purchase - I mean, you have to live a little.The only downside is that you're not guaranteed the book you want, I came in with a list of 3 books I wanted to read and none of them were there.
5	I've been here twice since March (I'm from Texas) and it's just about the best used book store I've been to.  I've always found things I'm looking for, which isn't true other places.  I wish they would come to Austin.
4	nice staff, good prices, fun to browse.
2	I wrote this about the Bookman's in Flagstaff. This one had less selection and was more expensive:Love the selection and love some of the esoterica (an old-timey syringe, old Choose Your Own Adventures, etc), but the prices are at times random and at times schizophrenic. One guy working there said they got a lot of their prices from the Internet. The problem is there are very few true bargains -- if I picked up 100 books, 90 of them were priced $2-3 more than my mental upper limit. I so badly wanted to love this place -- and still spent maybe $70 -- but if their prices weren't apparently based on the randomly high prices Amazon.com third party vendors set on rare items, I would have spent $300. My friend said, "They are not pricing things to move!" Maybe there isn't a huge turnover in stock (I'm out of town) so it doesn't matter... But they had a small group of out of town bookstore-lovers WANTING to spend money, and we all left feeling "meh."
5	This place is on the way home some days. I change my route daily. The anti OCD. So I like to stop in here with my tiny and we do some reading in the childrens section. Some days I will leave with nothing; some days I leave with far too much. But it has an amazing selection of books, movies, etc... And if you are looking for nothing you will find everything. That is my favourite part. There is so much that you didn't know you didn't know. Bookmans will help you and your pocketbook discover so much good literature. It's almost better than the internet.... Almost. Ha.
5	One of my favorite places to go and spend a few hours. Bring in old books and games, get store credit, and walk out with new stuff. Can't beat that. The prices are reasonable, although not as cheap as they used to be. Instead of getting books for a dollar or two you're more likely to pay about half the cover price. However, their selection is awesome and most of the used books look brand new. Getting rid of the A/B trade distinction was a great move on their part, and makes it easier to trade things in and redeem your credits. Oh, and this place has one of the best teacher/homeschooler discounts that I know of. You have to fill out a form and submit proof of employment (ID badge I think). Once you do, though, you get 20% off of all of your purchases, not just those that are school related.There is free wi-fi and a few tables and chairs scattered around. If they sold coffee I might never leave!
4	I'm getting to be quite a fan of this establishment. It's located next to the Sprouts Farmer's Market that I shop in a lot, so that makes it convenient for me to stop in and browse or buy books - including classics regular bookstores don't sell anymore - and magazines. It really is a community center of sorts with a children's area and a crafts area. They also raise your sustainability awareness through their recycling efforts, and if you come in an electric vehicle, you can use the charging outlet outside the store.
2	Bookmans is a neat, orderly store that has a ton of books - most of them are in pretty good condition.  It's a charming place where you could spend all day wandering through the aisles reading.  It's quiet, the staff are friendly, and there's a lot to see.Here's what I hate about Bookmans:  I'll bring dozens of books and magazines in only to be told they want to buy only one or two items.  Then they offer 50 cents in cash or a 75 cent store credit.  No one gets rich selling to Bookmans.The other problem I have is that they have a website, but their inventory isn't available to the public.  Every time I ask if they have a book, they tell me to call every few days because it can't be looked up.  What do they think this is - 1970?
5	A jewel of Phoenix with a vast selection of books, magazines, games and more.  Every book I've bought has been around $5 and in perfect condition, and they're well known and popular books like Pretty Little Liars.  If they don't have it, come back, they just might in the future.
3	Very cool place.  Nice selection of used, retro items.  Books, videos and video games.  Nice help.  Prices are OK, but you need to be knowledgeable to get a good deal.
4	I am delighted a great store survives in Phoenix selling those flippy things with printing on them, plus those silver disks discharging music and movies.  ALso offered are video games, and a host of interesting trinkets for enquiring minds and not-quite-mainstream tastes.  I got a Christmas gift suggestion list for a herd of nephews.  Trying to stay local, we headed to Boookman's.  I found several of the requested items, plus a few more, very reasonably priced.  No batteries needed!The best part was the help.  I was floated down, not inundated, by a stream of information about the likes of 6 - 10 year olds.  In any other setting I'd have called my deeply knowledgeable helper a reference librarian, but at Bookman's she was just one of the helpful staff.  I encourage you to try Bookman's first the next time you want to read something not requiring battery or outlet power.   The selection is vast, the prices good, the help unbeatable.
3	My stepdaughter introduced me to Bookman's in Mesa about three years ago, and now every time I come to visit her, I have to make a trip.  I went to this Phoenix location for the first time this past week, and I truly wasn't impressed.  The store seems to be crowded and there is too much "stuff" in the store for the space they have.  I went in looking specifically for books on CD to listen to as we travel, and although I found a few, I also found that their prices are just a little bit more than they should be for used CDs.  I had found some book/CDs at the Mesa store two weeks ago, and found that one of the CDs was so scratched that I had to miss nearly half a chapter and the CDs were all out of order in the holder.  It made changing CDs in the dark a little bit dicey.  I don't think that a 6-CD book is worth $25.  My own opinion is that it wasn't worth $25 from the beginning, and particularly not used.  I think all of the books are overpriced.  I like the Mesa store better.  I found back issues of a magazine in the Mesa store for $1. 50, which is a GOOD price as compared to the cover.  I think I'll stick to Mesa and leave Phoenix for others.
4	The staff is always smiling and there are some really upbeat, positive people here. Lots to choose from. More games in stock then I ever see at the Mesa location. Books upon books and if you're lucky, you will find a gem. All laid back and no rush.
5	Huge selection of reading material. Love the old games selections. The got into the music game which is my passion. I have found many gems here. They buy all of your old crap. they have a great kids boos selection. Staff of hippies are very nice and knowledgable.
4	i love the huge selection of books and old records. great  prices i love the buy resale thing also. great way to shop and not feel guilty about spending $$ since the prices are so low.
4	Nice place to peruse for books and DVDs .... they also have a musical instruments section!
3	I live really close to Bookman's, actually within walking distance from my apartment.  It's not a half bad place, and carries an enormous amount of books.  I shop here from time to time, and its not a half bad place. They carry CD's movies, musical instruments and an assortment of other items as well.Overall, the store is a good place to shop, but I'm not the biggest fan of this place. Yes, it's local business, and that's why I shop here from time to time, but I don't consider it my "home" bookstore for a variety of reasons.  Please read below for the good, bad and ugly about this place.The good:*wide selection of items new and used.  Books, CD's, movies, instruments and much much more. It's definitely local business and I feel better buying from here then other big box stores. You can get a huge selection of new or used items at fair prices.The bad:*store feels tired and old.  Not that it's going to turn me away, but has a darker feel to it them most.  Also, I feel like the selection is more fiction based then non fiction. *I don't think they give you a store credit for trades, just cash. I like to put my money towards re shopping at the same place, but I don't think they do that here. I could be wrong, but that's my knowledge.The ugly:*they have a security guard here at all times. wait, its an actually police officer. I don't know why, but it's kind of intimidating to walk in and cruise past a cop. I've been to other bookstores and they don't seem to have this problem, so I'm not sure what that's all about.  Are gang bangers suddenly cruising through a bookstore and having turf wars?  is there a serious stealing problem here? what gives?  To much riff raff?*also, even though the staff is helpful, there's a sense of arrogance depending on who helps you.  Are they all this way? no, just some. I feel like I'm at a snobby coffee bar when I shop here.  It's the trendy mentality that gets me at times.  Look, I like to support these places, but it gets old when I really need help finding a book or have questions about something and I feel like I should already know the answers to my own questions.  It doesn't happen often, but there is a vibe at times that I can't shake.  *one time I came here and there was some sort of star wars convention going on. Even though I'm not a star trek fan, it was fun to watch adults and kids having a good time. Good to see that their doing events like this.Overall, I can't hate on the bookstore, and I say if you live close, shop here. It's just not on my short list of places I absolutely love, that's all.  Huge selection, great prices with wall to wall everything.
4	I like this Bookman's. They have a wide variety of items from books, music, movies, video games, musical instruments and what I refer to as "garage sale junk". The "junk" is unique memorabilia (including action figures, toys, etc) and random statues, plates, candle holders, home decorating items, etc. - just a bunch of random stuff from a variety of decades. Sometimes there can be good stuff (the cute owl figurine I purchased) or not. Coming to Bookman's is like signing up for a treasure hunt where you might not find anything good at the end but you keep coming back because you have found good stuff previously. I've purchased books, movies, and video games here. The best part is that you can trade-in items you no longer want and either get cash or store credit. You receive almost double store credit than cash and if Bookman's has something good, then it's a great deal. I would definitely recommend trading in some items you no longer use/want.
4	Their selection may not include the exact book you want, but if you enjoy literature and other types of consumable media, then this is the place for you.It's super easy to walk in, wander around, and get lost for an hour among bright bindings and shiny CD cases.If you are looking for a fairly cheap and educational adventure, this is the place to go.Bonus: Air conditioned. A super place to spend a hot summer afternoon.Not a bonus: They don't keep record of everything they have. So if you're looking for something in particular, they can show you where it would be, but they can't tell you if they have it or not.
5	Since it first opened, this has been my favorite bookstore in (possibly) the entire world. There are a few things wrong with it, I guess (such as employees can be rude or elitist, they don't take much or offer much and their book selection is dwindling as they try to survive Obama's screwed up economy) but their selection, their environment and their prices more than make up for all that. I often go to this location as a way to unwind or explore. It feels a little like home and knocks any other bookstore I know of out of the park.
4	I am a big fan of Bookmans! Since being pointed in their direction a few months ago I have been there multiple times. I have been very pleased with their selection each and every time I go in there. I have bought multiple birthday gifts there because they have exactly what I am looking for. My 8 year old daughter and I love their children's selections and I found some old childhood favorites of mine that I can now pass along to my daughter.The musical instrument section is also a big plus for me since we are musicians. It's not a very big selection but it is decent and the prices are not bad. I wish the music (CD's and Vinyls) section had a bigger selection but that is my personal preference and I realize they are a book store. The staff is always friendly and helpful. However, sometimes they are hard to find in the store. All in all I love this place and will continue to shop there!
4	Bookmans is like my little winter wonderland.Prior to Kindle, I would roam the isles in awe of so many amazing books on the most random subjects.Bookmans is not like a Barnes and Noble by any means. Bookmans has soul and every book there was once read by someone who found the book amazing enough to pay full price. I have a love/hate relationship with my Kindle. When it is on hate, I run into the arms of my former flame. Being a bookaholic is expensive. Most books at Bookmans are about half of what they would be at retail price which means double the books! Can I get a heck yes?! Everyone at Bookmans is sweet and will help you find what you need with zero attitude.The main thing that I love about Bookmans is that you never know what you will find. It can almost be described as reading books according to fate :-)I cannot count how many books I have gotten from Bookmans or the ways that the books helped me in one way or another at a given point in my life. All I know is that this place is special and I will always visit to get my little fix.The selling process is super easy as well!Go Bookmans!Because books are seriously the ish ;-)
4	This place is prettty large and awesome. A wide variety of organized items. Video games, current magazines, books, and board games are a plenty. Staff is friendly.
4	If you like books, old LPs, and games... then Bookmans is your first and only stop.I love book stores.  I particularly like used or old bookstores. I'm also not a be fan of dust or mildew and thankfully Bookman's does a great job keeping everything fresh and clean. Recently after roaming the store for hours, I picked up my assortment and decided to cash out.  Well, I was the lucky winner the Shopper of the Day and like that. my fifty dollar tab was wiped clean.  Made me want to go back and pickup the rejects. LOLI'm not sure if this location is larger than the one in Mesa, but it appears so. But Mesa might have a greater selection of records and old LPs.Come, look, browse; you'll be glad you did. .
2	UPDATE:  A few years later and the video game pricing has gotten even WORSE.  They're selling a USED copy of Portal 2 for $35!  You can get brand new for $17-$20.  Please please please - do NOT buy video games from this Bookmans, they are ripping you off.  I hate to say it, but they are.   Meanwhile, at the Mesa Bookmans, I bought a used copy of Dishonored for $20 - which makes sense.I just get so annoyed because in order to get a deal on videogames at Bookmans, I have to drive 30 miles to the east Valley.  Please stop buying games here.12/3/13Just got back from Phoenix - here's another fun one - Payday ($15 new on Amazon) was being sold for $28.  Yeah.  While out in Chandler, I got Lost Odyssey for $10, an appropriate used price.
2	Not really a big fan of used things, but I decided to check it out one night with friends after dinner.  Lots of selections, but it's not for me.  At least I can tell my friends that I've actually been to one.  Good luck if you are a like buying cheap things.
5	This is a bustling store with a lot of different books, knick knacks, musical instruments, magazines, books on tape, video games, movies, oh you name it.  Always a fun time exploring Bookmans.
1	Do not purchase video games here! Used games are ridiculously overpriced selling for more than double the price of new.
3	I came in to this store for one reason only. I was interested in their comic book section. The comic book section is crazy, not organized and books are not bagged or boarded. But crazy can be fun, hunting for issues that you might be missing from your collection or finding something new that interests you. At .50 a book who can beat that, although do not expect to find mint or nm books since most have been shuffled through, opened, and carelessly handled, but still enjoyed trying to find something that might be a treasure in this haystack.
3	Wow.  This Bookmans feels different from my usual stores.  Neither better nor worse...interestingly different.  Just wish they weren't being impacted by the construction so much.
3	I am a book nerd and have visited Bookmans in the east valley many many times but was up in North Phoenix one weekend and told my friend , who already knew that I'm a book lovin fool said ok,  that I wanted to check them out so off we went! When we got there I noticed the size difference right away, the East Valley location is a tad bit bigger, and brighter, mind you it was like 8pm on a Sunday night, but the store just seemed dimly lit, especially in the music & games area.   My friend took off for the business section and I was left to wander at will. I did happen to find a book I have been looking for, and when I say looking for, I only remember to look for it when I'm in Bookmans  so for me it was a win win! Glad I got to stop by Bookmans in Phoenix, and look forward to coming back!
4	I seem to find a rare copy of an out of print hardcover book for my home library every time I'm here. Not a mint condition "Love In The Time of Cholera" or anything, but still. If you want to kill some time, just go inside and browse. No one will bust your balls for reading while you look around.  If you need music or movies or stuff to sit on a shelf and collect dust, they have that, too.
5	This place carries everything!  From books, to dvds, to RPGs, and action figures, posters, purses, jewelry, little trinkets.  I love to shop here.  I just recently came here with my pup, and was waiting outside for a friend.  Then the lady working there tells me that they are pet friendly!!! Whaaaaa???  Do you know how many places that I cannot go to because of my furry friend?  So, I thought they were awesome before. Now I think they are AMAZING!
5	Bookmans is a great used bookstore. The staff is very friendly and helpful. One thing to keep in mind is it is a used bookstore - the entire stock is used so don't expect them to have the newest book on hand - I made that mistake. I've also sold books here too and the process is fair. It's a much better deal to get store credit than cash.
5	I grew up with nothing but big box retailer bookstores in my area. It was always the place to be on a Friday night. Man, do I wish we had a Bookman's back at home! When my family first moved to Phoenix, we learned about this place through the Arizona Screenwriters Association. I love that Bookman's has a genuine love for their community. From working with the arts, to teen parties, and their kind love for animals, I can't recommend  a better place  to be! My kids are homeschooled, finding a good place for good kids to hang out is really tough. Luckily, the spirit of Bookman's is great! My musical teenage daughter feels right at home in the new guitar section, I can't get enough of the new age corner, and my pre-teen son would take up permanent residence in the gaming section if he could! Many occasions, we've had to call the store to find out if they had that hard-to-find game on my son's birthday list. The employees are happy to help over the phone! That's a major plus for a busy mom!
4	Almost as cool as Zia Records, but possessing a more reserved atmosphere. A good place to find that rare book, movie, game, etc.
4	I come here every once in awhile. I bought my first Pynchon book here, and I love perusing the New Age section.The staff is so freakin' nice! Good grief! If there's anything you need, they'll help you with it. Unfortunately, I live in the age of half.com and I'm usually too cheap to buy any books at a bookstore--even this one. If I can get it for 75 cents plus shipping and handling, I don't want to pay $8 for it at Bookman's. But they do have an awesome boardgame section, and the lesbian eye candy is cream of the crop. Go here for the atmosphere and the random finds, as well as the little kitschy things by the checkout. If I were able to stand for long periods of time, I might even apply for a job here because the vibe is so friendly.
4	Zia Records has a better CD & Vinyl selection but this place has a MUCH better magazine, video game and system, and DVD/TV show/film selection.They don't have the best selection of books either. Your best bet is to call ahead of time if you're looking for a specific book or wander through the establishments "Book Gallery" or "Books" instead (huge used book establishments).
5	They have the best story time on Wednesdays at 10 am with Mr. Eaton. He is fabulous!
4	This place have been here quite while now, long ago when we use to live in the area I use to remember riding my back here trading books, movies, games, CDs, magazines and whatever else they sell and trade here... it was the best thing as a kid, trading your old games to get a different one which they still do and I like that. You can find old books movies, games and CDs that are no longer available in stores.They also have handmade begs, jewelry, handmade art/paint, toys, comic books and many collection items. and many many more.. too much to name them all. Oh and they also have music instruments. Great place to get your books and even read them here. They have wifi to use, they also have kids area plus the establishment is very well taken care of, clean bathroom and helpful employees. Its a nice place to be and worth checking out if you never been here before, will not be disappointed. I returned here often to check out what they got to offer and I always leave here with something I'm glad I have bought it.
5	This place is one of the best media exchanges I've seen all over the country!! Clean, organized, knowledgable and interested staff!Definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for books, music, movies, video games, or posters.
2	Such a depressing used record store. I mean, if you're gonna sell used records, why not put some effort into it? Not only are the bins here full of utter dreck (Black Oak Arkansas, Fogelberg, etc) but they are in totally destroyed condition! I'll give this spot the benefit of the doubt and assume they just don't really care. They have their "collectible" records on the wall behind their music trade counter. Problem is, you can only see the two records in front, as the rest are behind them. Ask to look at them and there's a small chance you will get a *sigh* from the staff, as they then have to pull them down, an inconvenience I'm sure. Anyway, I don't go here anymore. Can't even remember the last record I purchased here. 2 stars for a friendly staff and a pretty decent trade credit system (although they completely turned down a stack of decent records I brought in last time... perhaps I need to find multiple copies of trashed Krokus and Glen Campbell records to get credit??)
3	Bookmans has a large selection of books, CD's and other miscellaneous items. The cool thing is that you will never know what you will find on a visit to this store. It's an exchange based store so there will be times when they may not have what you are looking for. The staff could use a little help because if you are looking for an item they seem to shy away from wanting to help. I understand that it is not the store's fault but, some very strange characters are attracted to this store.
5	The staff here is really knowledgeable and friendly, and they're always doing local, community-friendly events.  I mean, it's hard to beat books and movies and music and video games, but I like how there's always something extra to do while you're there.
4	Great place to find off the wall stuff and all the 90's music I love. not to mention there is always great children's books that are on sale there for my kids.
5	Plan ahead keep an eye on there web site family fun projects always happening helpful staff they can always direct you right were you need to be good half day with the kids on weekend project days
1	The minute  we walked in we were  given reasons why we would not be given very much for our exchange. Too much inventory, road construction, sales are down, blah, blah.  They did take about 25% of what was brought in. Really not worth the drive.
2	This place used to be awesome--you can see that from the numerous 5-star reviews over the past few years. However, the store has gotten worn down and attracts a lot of shady clientele. Expect to see numerous druggie couples trading in random bric-a-brac to finance their habit. There used to be a great selection of books, games, and movies, but much of it is well picked-over. You will find an endless supply of yellowed dusty paperbacks from the 80's with many of them smelling like an ashtray. If you are looking for a good selection of used books, stick with buying online .
5	OMG, this store is the you know what! I don't care what you say, they have some pretty amazing finds!!!
4	I've frequented Bookman's for many years. First on visits to Tucson. Then Mesa. Now Phoenix. The stores have varying layouts. They seem to take different items in trade and have different pricing for trade and merchandise. Some have more activities. But they share a common struggle. The need to evolve as the world goes digital. We've noted some major changes over time. A shift away from books as physical books fade away, to CD's and DVD's only to see them fade, to video games, to musical instruments, to electronics and to even more random trade items to survive. Even exercise equipment in Tucson. Trade value has become a little less generous, particularly on books, and pricing of merchandise has become a little more aggressive. Clearly an attempt to maintain profit margins. So far, so good, with the transition. Let's hope they're successful.The store itself remains a lot of fun. Sometimes you get lucky, sometimes you don't. Large selections in adult books, kid's books, CD's, DVD's, video games and musical instruments, as well as the random poster, puzzle and collectible.
