5	Can I give more than five stars for something? If something deserves to be rewarded with six or more stars, it is the ability to get a hot dog and a soda for $1.61, after tax.The corporation itself is commendable for quite a few reasons. They say that cashiers get paid $40k/ year plus benefits, which is nothing to shake a stick at. It takes a small amount of consumer awareness to know what you can and cannot consume in the time before that product expires. Once you can effectively guage those habits, you're off and running and ready to reap the benefits. You won't find cheaper booze in large quantities, or slices of pizza for under two bucks. The costs of membership are justified within the first month of shopping here, or atleast they were in my experience. I strongly recommend dropping by on weekends and sampling some of their newest goodies at one of the many free sample stands.
5	Yea, I've spent too much time here.  But it was all time well spent.  I worked right in the area for years so there were many Costco Lunches, and I have to say - it alone was worth my membership.  BUT - I bought SO much more of course!  While this is actually one of the smaller Costco locations, they hold their own in maintaining a good variety of regular stock and keeping some good "limited time offer" products going too.  Heck, I bought my pool table during one of those - and I've still never found a deal anywhere near that price.  This is totally our default location for Hams and Turkeys for the holidays.  We tried to get it all at Fry's last year and I'm telling you there was a huge difference in the quality!! The biggest bonus here is how this shopping plaza provides such one stop shopping.  Fry's on one side, Target in the middle, Costco - with a newly added gas station - on the other side.  If you need it - it's most likely here.
4	As I'm leaving work this afternoon I say, "Shit" when I remember have to buy dog food on my way home. Been putting it off for a few days now, but when I fed her this morning, that was it, last cup. So my curious co-worker says, "What?" So I tell her, "Gotta go to Costco." And she says, "Why shit? That's fun." And I realize, my co-worker is as wise as she is curious. Because it is fun. I love going to Costco. Where else can you buy cans of peanut butter that are larger than your head, twelve-packs of relish and blocks of cheese that will you last you the rest of your life? You can't beat the prices or the ever changing selection. But the best part? The samples (weekends, mostly). Some Saturdays, that's my lunch - walking from free sample station to free sample station. They've got all kinds of stuff: cookies, crackers, vitamin water, energy bars, you name it. Enough to fill you up, fo' shizzle! Hey - I finally worked "fo' shizzle" into one of my reviews. Sweet.
4	Am I the only person that CONSTANTLY gets static electric shocks at Costco???Costco is pretty much the same where ever you go in the valley.Where are the vegetarian options??  Thats nice you can get a 20 pack of Italian sausages, but where is the multi-pack of tofu??
4	I don't care if Costco signals the general decline of humanity - I love it. It's a huge chain and I love it and regularly spend hours there strolling the aisles, tasting the samples, calculating the per item cost/value ratios. Okay I guess that's no surprise coming from the President of the Grocery Store Fan Club. I've not been to other Costcos in Arizona, but this is the first time I've seen one with a gas station. Yay! I don't mind saving a few cents off each gallon especially now when gas prices yo-yo faster than the stock market. Costco is THE place to go when you are setting up a home for the first time. I would know. I got everything from laundry detergent, books, food, camisoles and even a patio set here. And though navigating the parking lot on a Saturday is akin to wading through the fourth ring of hell, you can basically eat a free meal with the absurd amount of samples being handed out. One saturday I had lox on bagels, guacamole and tortilla chips, snack mix, pasta with an artichoke alfredo sauce and angelfood cake topped with whipped cream and a strawberry. yay! I've heard their churros are also yummy but have never eaten at the little cafe. clearly there's no need to.
5	When I die, I hope I go to the big costco in the sky....
5	If you don't like costco, you have serious issues.First of all, what I love about costco is that their products are so across-the-board good that I don't even care how much it costs.  But it is a pretty inexpensive place to go, particularly if you buy in bulk.  If you were to talk to Dallas G., he would tell you that costco pizza is the best thing in the whole world.  I wouldn't go that far but I would say that it's delightful.  Other things you can eat from there:rotisserie chicken--still the best I've foundfrench feta cheese--creamy and delicioustheir kirkland whole grain bread--no hf corn syrup and 5g of fiber per sliceall of the meals in the back that you just throw in the oventheir pecanstheir strawberriestheir winestheir kirkland vodkatheir buttercream cakes OMGtheir big ass bags of mexican cheese blendsetc., etc.But I want to point one thing out: the very best thing at costco is the steak.  Whether it's the 6-7 lb beef tenderloin (the least attractive piece of meat you'll ever cook), the 4 pack of filets mignons, or the four pack of ribeyes, I truly mean that this is the best steak you will find in the city.  You just have to grill it yourself.And don't be a philistine.  Medium rare, tops.
4	I am a fan. But I would like to be more of a fan, and so I am here harping on the two problems I have with CC. One is the parking mentioned by other reviewers and the other is the bad service at the food court. I don't mean the samples handed out on almost every aisle and the hassle of the lines as stereotypical fat people line up like hippos at a rotten carcass to 'just try a sample'. I mean the little restaurant inside the store where the hippos line up to drown their peptides in sugar and grease. The food at any CC is outstanding fast food at an unbelievably good price. The pizza is fresh and really tasty and only 9.99 for a whole pie, the soft-serve yogurt is a huge portion in a plastic cup for 1.49. The hotdogs are terrific. Everything else is good and cheap too. There are no problems with the food quality and price. It's the service. The service is indifferent and inconsistent. Somedays it's ok to order pizza to be picked up later for a party, and somedays it is not ok and the workers will claim that it is not a service and never has been. Liars. Fat liars. I actually typed lairs by accident which works too. I'm done with this review due to boredom. I just can't stand it when a great business carelessly regresses to the mean. Brave the parking and the neutral service because when you need a good hotdog/pizza/frozen yogurt, it's a great spot.
4	Despite my penchant for $1000 handbags, I am a cheap bastard.I endure the chaos, misery, and dregs of humanity snarfing samples like pigs at the trough that populate Costco for cheap gas, paper towels, toilet paper, Kirkland ibuprofen, toothpaste, and tequila, and more. The thought of wasting cash by paying retail on stupid shit like Ziploc baggies is horrifying.This particular location is a little ghetto, but not as much so as the one at Christown (my choice of absolute last resort). I recently got new tires here -- you order them online, and then the tires get shipped to the location you want, and then you just show up and they install them at no extra charge. Now, the bummer was that they don't take appointments for this, but if you plan accordingly you can just walk down to Target, and/or slowly consume a delicious strawberry frozen yogurt sundae from the Costco snack bar outside with a good book.And their house pizza at the snack bar? Killer. There was a stupid Chuck-e-cheese type place back in Chicago my parents used to take me to when I was a kid, and I swear this pizza is identical, so maybe my fondness for it is rooted in nostalgia. I don't care. It is scrumptious.
5	im not sure if this is the costco i bought paco at or  not. all i know is we went to one costco earlier in the day that did not have paco (new toshiba 499 dollar laptop) (but only mine is paco).   then we went to this costco later. if this helps you guys to figure out which costco it is, here is all i know: 1. the first paco-less costco did not have kosher hot dogs, the one that did have paco did have kosher hot dogs.2. the irony in this is that apparently the paco costco that DOES have kosher hot dogs is in the goyshe neighborhood where while the paco- less costco is where all the jews go but cannot eat kosher (most of us eat bacon twice daily so i dont really get the kosher thing) (but i had to hear about the irony of this from my mother 8 times that day)Anyways, here is the deal. costco rocks. i dont like the requirement to join, but they give to lefty causes, so im a fan. if you know what computer you want, and they happen to have it, this is the place to get it. here is why:A. you get a free 2 year warrantyB. you get a third year FREE if you charge computer on an american expressC. it is cheaper than best buy or other places.D. you can also get amazing white fish salad immediately after purchase.So far, I have the healthiest most functional relationship with Paco than I have had with any to date
5	This Costco is the location I frequent most since I moved to the neighborhood three years ago. Admittedly, it is not the prettiest-looking store in the best neighborhood, but it is conveniently located, clean, and has a bonus gas station, pharmacy, optical/hearing centers, and tire service center.Since the parking has been addressed in other reviews, I'll add my $.02:  Most parking lots are positioned perpendicular to their corresponding store. While Costco's lot design is terrible, the standard corner entryway they employ works well here. Wrapping the parking lot around a corner of the building effectively extends the parking to two sides of the building rather than one. This creates more spaces near the entry/exit. In August when I have purchased perishables, I am appreciative of this.My various customer service dealings over the past few years have all been positive experiences that left me feeling good about my loyalty to Costco and the Kirkland brand. Associates quickly handle returns without hassle, I am usually able to find an associate on the floor if I have a question, and it appears this particular location employs individuals on the long-term as familiar faces regularly greet me.Where quality is concerned, I shop with confidence at Costco. The offerings go way beyond the trusted brands and I value the ability to sample food items before buying. The Kirkland house brand never disappoints and I swear their flowers last longer than any other florists' bouquet!
5	I'm a Costco junkie!This location is very close to my house, so we go here all the time. Maybe a little too often...But since it's so close, it's nice to check out the new inventory that they're getting all the time. I like to look at all the Big Screen TV's... patiently saving and waiting for the one I'm gonna buy someday. (I seem to only watch reality shows though..ha!)I also like to check out their book section - - to see what new non-fiction finds they have here. Plus everybody always goes to Costco for the samples. Sometimes they have some really good stuff on sample. And it does work... we do buy the sampled stuff every once and a while. This location also has the Pharmacy section, Optical, and of course gasoline. We pretty much ONLY buy our gasoline here. I've calculated it's anywhere from 15c to 20c cheaper than other gas stations nearby. And the Pharmacy dept - - love that I can buy items here with my HSA card, but you have to use that card when purchasing back in that department. Staff is always friendly... Regarding parking, I never seem to have a problem. I park on the north side or sometimes I ride my bike. (They do have a couple places in front where you can lock up your bike.)
4	The location isn't far from where I live... I'm between a couple of locations but prefer this one.  Everyone talks about the parking, etc. but I tend to try and shop when others don't in order to avoid that whole situation.  If you can make it on a week day (especially mid-day) or earlier on the weekends it's really not that bad.  The gas station is great!  I honestly have never had to wait more than a couple of minutes to get to the pump and the prices are what you'd expect of Costco.Customer service wise, they aren't that great - but it's a warehouse and honestly, I'm just trying to get in and out of there and never really peruse much.  The produce is fresh and it's a great place to pick up the necessities you don't mind buying in bulk.  Since I'm single and live alone I tend to drift a lot more towards things such as cleaning items and toiletries as well as other items I frequently use such as batteries, spinach or non-perishables like pasta.  Frozen items are great as well and I gravitate toward the fruit to make smoothies.  Their return policy is unparalleled and their book section is nice.  I love indulging in a cookbook every once in a while when I go in!This location does have a pharmacy, food court, optical department, and tire service center but I have yet to utilize those services.  I am a fan of the place and will surely keep up my membership there.
4	I go there primarily for the hot dogs.  Well, the hot dogs and the really great deals.  Long live American Consumerism!
4	Probably, my favorite place to run errands.  The essentials: GASOLINE, EGGS, BREAD, NAKED JUICE, BOTTLED WATER, PB&J, ALUMINUM FOIL, SHAMPOO, LOTION, CONTACT SOLUTIONS.Besides that, I always enjoy the food samples that I try but never buy.  The electronics section is always nice to walk through.Word to the wise, never ever buy frozen boxes or freezer food that you think might taste good! 90% of the time, it never is!Of course, how can you not like the cheap pizza, hot dog, and churro?! My new favorite is their most recent addition, the Carne Asada bake!For $50 annual membership, I'm not complaining too much as long as I get my free samples!
3	So, I have a thing against Costco, which is why I only gave it 3 stars. Once, an entrance greeter told me I wasn't allowed to wear my earphones inside the warehouse. Really? Are you kidding me? She literally would not let me enter until I took them off. How am I supposed to listen to The Instance if i can't wear my earphones. Seriously!My four-year-old's love of the Costco Food Court, however, redeems Costco a bit. He loves their hot dogs, and laughs every time he sees the poster of the giant hot dog.Also, Costco is directly responsible for the fact that I am now full of anti-oxidents. Every month I make sure I have stocked up on soy milk, pomegranate juice, frozen fruit, and frozen berries. I try to make myself a smoothie before work every day, which would be easier if I didn't have to start at such an ungodly hour (7:30am).
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Costco. I love to support local businesses, but this is one of a couple of exceptions I make.  It seems they treat their employees fairly as most of the employees at this store seem to have been there for years if not a decade. One thing that gives me comfort in my purchasing is they have a terrific return policy and take about anything back.
4	This Costco is the best. Its never super busy even on weekend mornings. Parking isnt a nightmare ever! There are cute boys who work there all over the place, and VERY helpful :)
2	This review is for the wireless booth in the store.Heard purchasing a phone here vs. through my service provider is cheaper and you get some extras like a case and a car charger. This is true, I believe I saved around $50 on the phone.The complimentary case was cheap and I threw it in the trash. The car charger will definitely be useful.The guys working the booth are very nice, helpful,and PATIENT. I witnessed them dealing with several non savvy wireless customers.Why I won't buy here again...the supervisor running.the booth transferred my contacts over only after I asked him to do so. Then he transferred them over in some round about way so I had to accept all of my contacts 1 by 1, going through a menu page each time. After a couple of days I noticed some of my contacts didn't make it through the transfer. So to the Verizon store I go.to get the job done right. Plus at the Verizon store they go above and beyond explaining the basics of your phone before you leave. I also had to wait a few days to get my phone. It was more than the 2 day delivery that they advertise. However this didn't bother me especially since I just saved some dough. The fact that I had to go back to the store to activate my phone didn't bother me either. The unefficient transferring of my contacts and no regard to explain anything about my phone did bother me.Lesson learned, pay the extra money and get everything done the same day, and go home happy and complete.
4	I've been to this Costco numerous times, and I've always had pleasant experiences, but today I had even more fun than usual... I wanted to stock up on a few things before this baby arrives, so my friend Cindy C agreed to join me for a Costco run.  When we walked in, I noticed they had electronic carts outside... being almost nine months pregnant and told to stay off my feet as much as possible from my doctor, I decided to do my shopping with one of these.  Cindy was a trooper and walked alongside me.  We went up and down almost every aisle and loaded the cart with all kinds of fun products from lotion, toothbrushes, and soap to toilet paper, paper towels, yogurt, trail mix, fruit sorbet, fresh salmon, and frozen burritos.As a bonus, Cindy pulled the car around and a super friendly employee by the name of "Greg" helped us unload the cart and put everything in the car... and when we went to tip him, he said he wasn't allowed to accept tips.  Costco may have ridiculously large quantities and it may be a crazy huge chain, but the prices cannot be beat and it's always an adventure to see what you can find there.  The return policy is pretty amazing too, or so my mother-in-law says. Thanks for making my day, Costco.  I am sure I'll be back soon... I have a feeling I may need to stock up on diapers and wipes at some point in the near future!
2	Irked by the fact that showing my Costco card to the people at the exit when I am only there to get pizza is forbidden.  Um, never had this problem at any other Costco. I showed the lady my card and she tells me I have to go to the other side and show my card to the other lady. UHH does she have a special card scanner at the entrance? NOPE. She is just a worker standing by the door like you. I know it's not a big deal to walk around the counters to get to the food court, but stupidity and a lack of common sense really annoy me.
4	Not always the best price and often over crowded but still like Costco. My biggest complaint is that they are in bed with the sleazy company American Express. I so wish they would break that tie then I would give them 5 stars.
4	Costco - Oh how I love and loathe you at the same darn time.  "It's not a habit, it's cool...I feel alive.  I'm not an addict (maybe that's a lie)."Samples.  Weekends.  Nuf said on that. I could seriously go in with only needing a few items, YET, somehow manage to rack up a $$$ bill.  Costco, why must you sell such wonderful things like Famous Dave's pickle chips and Fiber 1 bars...which then morphs a monster  - ColdStone coupons, candy, tostitos black bean chips, shredded cheese, chickens, steaks (NY and sirloin), Kirkland ibuprofen, a new coffee maker.....Stoppppppppppppppp The Insanity!!One gripe - I wish they took credit cards, other than Amex.  While I don't mind paying with my check card, I'd rather earn $1-1pt rewards using my credit card than $3-1pt rewards.
5	How can you not like Costco. Try going around noon on the weekends. At that time, there are so many samples to try you wont even need lunch. Beware of buying stuff you do not need. It's so easy to say, "WOW, that's a great deal," (in the cart). Fortunately Costco has a fantastic return policy, better then any around.
4	It's Costco in Scottsdale. What can you say. Nice selection, fast check outs and a hell of a booze section.
4	Costco is the Shiznit. They have everything and not to mention the fact that their generic brand (kirkland) is the best of any generic. They have great food and a Super cheap food court (that only takes cash). You cannot beat Costco. Only reason it's not 5 stars is because the Chandler location is nicer.
4	"Hey, honey...Do we need 614 pounds of pickles? They're a good price..."This is a common conversation you'll overhear while shopping at Costco. It's a wonderful place. In just two hours I can get an eye exam, eat a hot dog, buy things I don't need in mass quantities, have a custom cake made, purchase a car (and new tires and fill it up with gas) and plan a vacation.For anyone who's never been, I'm not kidding about any of the above. $55 annually buys you access to a world you've never seen. I remember going to Coscto with my parents as a kid. Back then, there was a hot dog cart out front, and they didn't offer anything inside other than bulk food and a few odds and ends. Now you walk in and it's sensory overload. There are 350 TVs, samples everywhere, and it takes a long time to walk around and see everything. It's a good way to burn off the hot dog you're guaranteed to eat, so you can still fit into the jeans your guaranteed to buy (you know, because they're such a good price).Also, if you buy too much for a regular cart, you can shop with a pallet cart. It's the ultimate bad ass move to shop with one of those. I haven't graduated to that level yet... Costco is an experience, for sure. And I love it.
5	My main review is for the Photo department which I obviously work a lot with.   The photo staff remains in place for years....which I LOVE.  They all know me....know my quirks....and jump through hoops to make sure I'm happy (which I always am).  Can't say enough good things about them.  And the stuff that they can do (poster, capture old VHS to DVD) expands every year.
5	This Costco location has the best Tire Center I've ever visited. The check-in/check-out process was efficient and the wait-time quote was right on.
4	My neighborhood Costco.  Regularly quite busy but plenty of parking, so you always find a spot somewhere.  You can find great deals on bulk items (though the rawhide I used to get for my dog isn't there anymore).  If you get there right when it opens the wait in lines isn't bad.  And it can be fairly easy to run in and grab just one or two items, which is what I almost always do.The member gas station has been our favourite aspect and the main reason we got a membership.  We never fill up anywhere else.  Generally about 5 cents less than others nearby.
5	Those who know me on Facebook know I love Costco. From tires to the pharmacy, the bakery, the optician (thanks Dr.s Ryan and Huang - I can see now) I love Costco for the variety and value it offers. I shop at the original "Price CLub on Morena in San Diego and also the Arcadia location in Phoenix. Both rock. I see the same people all the time who are helpful and friendly. Most would never be able to spot the store manager at the Arcadia store because more often than not you will see him stocking shelves. You just have to know that's the boss. That fits with my idea of management. When the boss is that hands-on, he's interfacing with customers and employees and knows what they have to deal with and can make better decisions. That's what makes Costco work so well. They work out great deals with vendors but they deliver a good shopping experience also.
4	Costco has pretty much everything you could possibly need, including "food-sample-giver-outers". I like to purchase gas at the Costco gas station next door and then walk around inside, sampling each and everything available. I have to admit that I have snacked for free at Costco numerous times.
5	Older Costco still holds up well.
5	Amazing!
5	Love this place.  Best prices on gas, food and everything in between!  A definite must in my book,
4	Costco is always a great place to go. The only problem is you just spend so much $$ when you are there. It is sort of like a relay store as you never know what you will find. You may find just what you want , or find everything except what you came in for.People love the free samples, they are in there by the droves getting the free samples.If you go on the weekends it is torture, there are about 500 or more children running around trying to get the food samples. It is crazy!So I really prefer the week days.They are great with returns, but if you want a big item you have to figure it out how to get it home yourself.Parking is always cool and you must use cut up boxes for your purchases, so make sure to recycle, Please.They only take cash, check, or their own Credit card.
5	Costco is a magical place. You can prepare for armagedan, buy a hotdog, or get a case of red vines, all in one place. Some sad uninformed people think Costco and Sam's Club are the same, but for the initiated, we know that is like saying Disneyland, and the State Fair are the same. Yikes.You really cannot go wrong with Costco. I love buying everything here, because their customer service is so strong. If something goes wrong with a product, you simply return it. Done. Have you tried that at BestBuy? Holy shit, it's easier to escape Alcatraz then deal with those blue shirted nimrods.Costco also has some cool online exclusives, where you can buy patio furnature, food, you name it. Check it out, and enjoy.
4	You can get anything and everything you can get from Costco in behemoth size.  I usually wouldn't write about a chain, but this Costco has to be one of the better organized and there are an abundant amount of workers to help you out.  Be prepared to spend at least $100.  You think you only need a few things, but you keep adding up more.  On this particular occasion for whatever reason, I spent more than $400.  I was definitely packing it in for the winter hibernation.  Lastly, they have their food court indoors, which is essential considering your food or icre cream would wither away in the 110 degree heat.
1	Pros: cheap gasCons: I drive a high performance car and the manufacturer recommends only premium gas. I thought I was buying that from Costco. Turns out I wasn't. My car mechanic told me that my engine was full of deposits left by poor quality gas. The check engine light came on. Costco buys their gases from whoever is offering the lowest prices (savings they pas on to their customers). I guess that's fine for a regular car, but not for mine.
4	Love the cheap gas there compare to all other major brand gas stations.  Their gas station usually close an hour after the actual store closes.  If you want some cheap gas and don't want to wait in line, go fill up either very early or after 8pm on weekdays.  After all, this is the biggest warehouse store in the world, why not check it out if you haven't done so in a while.  Have fun shopping!
4	God, how I love Costco. Seriously, I love buying things in bulk and not having to worry about it for a few months or sometimes even a year considering that we are only a family of two and a half. I could go on and on about my love of Costco but before I do I would like to review what I came here to, The Pharmacy.I have been filling my prescriptions here for at least 2 years. Everyone has been super nice and although the lines can get long, they do their best to ensure the quickest wait time. Last month the Pharmacist told me that there was a coupon I could get to save $50 on my meds. Great customer service!
5	I love this Costco. I've never had anything less than exceptionally friendly and helpful service there. Employees will stop in the middle of working on any job to help me get down large items, look up items in other stores, or place special requests. Love it!
5	Grew up in a family of 6 with our extended clan of 50+ in a 15 mile radius so Costo trips were an almost weekly occurrence.  Now that I live with one roommate, I find myself saying NO to things I know we won't ever be able to finish...like their beautiful meats, and huge fruit packages, and snacks, and pastries, etc. etc. But it's ok because I still like to walk down the aisles and stare at everything they offer.  Alcohol selection is great, and the Kirkland brand is generally quite good for a house label.  Gas is also up to 30 cents cheaper per gallon. Very convenient for those of us who live nearby. I don't drive a fancy car so I'm not concerned about it possibly not having additives like the "top tier" brands. My family has been getting Costco gas for years and our vehicles are going strong with 215,000+ miles.  The rewards of the AMEX card pays for my membership so it's basically free and then some.  Costo has everything: food, clothes, jewelry, electronics, housewares, liquor, wine, beer, sugar, salt, toys, towels, juicers, movie tickets, drugs, vacations, coffins (save a family member some trouble later on?).  Do your research and find out what's worth buying or not.  I dream of the $1.50 polish sausage and soda.  Their pizza is also very good (maybe greasy but delicious), and the chicken bake is awesome.  Just don't be counting calories.  Great concept, great value, great company.
5	Costco, I love you.My family and I have been going to this Costco since it was "Price Club" --- whoa, that's a long time. At least 15 years. The service here is consistently wonderful-- and what is even more amazing is that there are employees who are still there after all of this time. That tells you something.Costco is the best pharmacy around. So much cheaper than other pharmacies. They get my vote every time.But today, I am giving a specific shout out to the two wireless kiosk phone guys. I had a couple of questions about my contract, which they answered. My phone had started to die while I talkd to them, and I asked if they had an extra charger that I could borrow while we spoke. Sure enough, they plugged it in, answered my questions and gave me some extra information. A+ for customer service on that one. My phone lasted just long enough to get me home. When I need an upgrade for my phone, I will DEFINITELY be coming back to visit them.PS: The Kirkland brand cranberry and macadamia nut cereal is delightful.
5	Costco is a great place to shop.
4	This is a magical place. I adore it. It makes me happy. And I'm not just saying that because of the samples. For those that don't know me, I have a bit of a grocery shopping curse. I'm afflicted by the inability to go into a grocery store without spending exactly 6X what I intended to spend. Yes. 6X. On the dot.  But because of Costco, I can shop LESS often and get stocked up on the staples (TP, toothpaste, frozen shenanigans, widgets and wibbles)...and then some (because I also have a weakness for those Brookside Acai chocolates). Buying in bulk is a blessing, even in my small household.
5	I don't really know how to form my love of Costco into words, but here goes:It is a place that can truly make a Saturday or Sunday worth enjoying. I like to equate a day spent at Costco to that one scene at the Chicago Institute of Art in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. The surreal experience would be worth a museum membership--just like a trusty Costco membership. The optical center at Costco is also top-notch. The doctor is a cool guy who makes an eye exam worth having. I would not want any other optometrist! The desk assistant, Sharon, is super kind. The other sales associates in that department, Destiny and Erica, truly brighten my day--as if Costco hadn't already accomplished that feat!!The food, the clothes, the environment, it helps me realize that there is more to life than one simple ecosphere. An abundance of resources are right at your finger tips in this perfect wholesale market! If we take one step back from this coral reef we contain ourselves in and swim deeper into the ocean blue, who knows? Maybe we could find things greater than we ever dreamed? Tl; dr: Costco~because you're worth it
5	What can I say, it's Costco!!! You can buy excessive amounts of merchandise :). Always a pleasure to be here especially when they're serving samples.The workers are very knowledgeable about everything that they carry, have great customer service, and they're quick to get you out, unlike Walmart on Thomas lol.I always have a good time here. So should everyone else. Costco ftw!
3	The staff is nice .... Tables never seem to be clean and treys the beef brisket was great except for the bread
4	This Costco is great. The parking lot can get crowded, but it is set up in a way that makes it easy to navigate. I also like how the gas area has very clear lines nd barriers so people aren't getting stuck going the wrong way and having lines clogging up the lanes. On the inside it is your typical Costco. They have a pretty nice pharmacy and more pet supplies than some Costcos so i was pretty impressed by that. The staff are always super friendly and accommodating and like at any Costco you can return pretty much anything. Make sure if you want to eat in the food court area you bring cash or check because they don't take cards! My only complaint is that the tables by the eating area is always really dirty. They should have some team members come by and clean them once in a while.
4	OK Costco, I love you.You should know this if you read the review I accidentally posted under Costco Gas for this location.  I love your $2 monstrous pizza slices, knock off Lululemon yoga pants, bags of baby kale, and free samples.  I love that I can put any and all purchases on the Costco Amex card and my husband has no idea what I bought.BUT.It is time for some tough love.  What the heck are you doing to the bananas???  I mean, I know the sign says, "Control Ripening Technology" but this so-called "technology" is making your bags of bananas turn into bags of banana mush.Basically, I buy the bananas. I leave them in the bag. The bag assures me that moisture in the bag is good for my bananas.  But, THE BAG IS WRONG.  My bananas get soggy. The peel falls off. The banana turns brown.  If I try to eat the bananas immediately, when I break one off, it breaks away the peel from the other bananas because the moisture has made the skin weak and useless. So now I have a bunch of partly unpeeled bananas.  It is madness.  I will cut you slack because they are insanely cheap and you give me free samples of tuna fish on fancy crackers, but Costco, it is time to reject that stupid technology and put the holes back in the bag. Or, just stop selling bananas because as of right now you are reeking havoc on our local garbage men who are forced to deal with garbage cans full of bananas mush.  I know, in the realm of trash, banana mush is seemingly innocent, but that stuff LEAKS.  Then you step in it and your shoe becomes squeaky. The mush leaks onto other bags  and then you have banana mush laden trash that attracts fruit flies.  Nothing annoys me more than fruit flies. (And, apparently I speak for all trash men.)  FIX THE BANANAS.Thanks!
5	Only in 'MERICA! Any nation that produces a place like this is a worthy opponent for yelpzilla. BUT....I don't really feel like a member of anything. no secret handshake. No member's only jacket. just $65 a year.Also kinda depressing watch the "Greatest Generation" shuffle around while they wait for thier pizza.but where else can I get some much stuff in such large amounts? ....AND THE HOME OF THE BRAVE! PLAY BALL!
5	Every time I visit which is about once a week I can find everything I need and leave satisfied. I love how clean it is and the employees are very nice at the register. The photo people I would say are the least happy, they don't engage much...
5	Obviously Costco is the bomb. However, the experience is night and day depending on when you go. Day before Thanksgiving= anxiety ridden nightmareSunday morning when the doors open- walk through the park (downside sample stands aren't set up yet. And rotisserie chickens aren't out yet).
5	ALL HAIL COSTCO!!'insert witty remark about purchasing bulk goods here'Big fan of this place.  Love their products and I love their corporate culture.  Paying people a living wage?  Promoting from within?  Keeping your employees happy?  Every company should try and emulate costco.  I cant get out of costco without spending at least $100.  Their individually sealed frozen chicken breasts are great.  Same with the tilapia, ground beef and mahi mahi.  Always stock up on toilet paper and paper towels here.    $4 for 35 water bottles.  YES PLEASE.  They carry seasonal items like pool shock as well.  Their pool shock is literally half the price of Leslies pools across the street.  You better believe I bought 100+ lbs of it!Protip: Get the Costco AMEX card.  Free membership to Costco and it has a pretty good rewards program.
2	Maybe I'm doing it wrong. Maybe I'm just taking crazy pills (you can buy a bottle of 10,000 for $6 at Costco)... but I hate this place. I break out in hives every time I think about having to go here... So then why do I go here, you may ask. The same reason as everyone else. The same reason listed in all of these glowing reviews... to save a little bit of money.I come here for almost the same thing every time. Diet Coke, allergy meds and giant bags of frozen chicken breast. Those are my three go-to items. Every few months there's the toilet paper, paper towels, laundry detergent... blah, blah, blah. You know the drill.Why do I hate it so...? Pretty much for the same reason I have a deep disdain for Walmart. It's chaos. And in true Walmart fashion, I actually saw someone wearing their pajamas here the other day. People walk around here lulled into some kind of trance by price savings and free samples. It's maddening. In the parking lot, in the store... waiting to turn INTO the parking lot... people are crazy. They completely stop paying attention to what's going on around them. I've been touched inappropriately by shopping carts, nearly run into by cars. It's insanity. Oh and by the way, speaking of parking lots... why the hell aren't there more cart return areas. I think I've seen two... It's generally a game of, can I find a spot to hide this cart, or should I just walk it to the front of the store. Another thing: A lot of people talk about the great fuel savings... I've never purchased fuel here. Wanna know why? Because every time I come here, the line for fuel is no less than 3 cars deep per lane! No thanks. I'll pay 10 cents more per gallon somewhere else. As I sit here typing... anxiety level rising, I wonder to myself... are the savings really worth it? And for now, sadly, the answer is yes. But one day... One Day Costco! I will be free.
5	Sundays should be filled with lazy brunches and napping. Instead I was greeted with a flat tire after a Saturday of bar shenanigans. (Seriously! How sucky is that?) I headed over to CostCo after AAA came to my rescue.   Short Story:+ Unbelievable customer service+ Car language provided in layman terms+ Affordable pricing, no hard sell+ Delightful personalities abound(Also, the $1.50 hotdogs with a soda are a killer deal. Plenty of living room furniture to sit on and kill time.)Meandering inside to the Tire Department I was greeted by a lovely chap. (I believe his name is Rene.)Rene: [Sprinting across the floor] Have you been helped? Can I help?Me: [Still mentally sluggish] Uh...yes. My tire is ...[I stare around looking for a word.]Me: Flat. [It's not my fault I like Guinness.]Rene: Ok! Let's go look. [Starts a walk so fast thru the parking lot I struggle to keep up.]Rene examines my tire visually. As there is no visible signs of damage my tire is then misted with a soap spray. Still, nada. I head inside to start a work order. I meet Mari, cute as a button, who has more energy than a tween. [I suspect Marie was not out drinking Guinness like a champ six hours prior.]As Mari enters my information my mind wanders to the cost of a new tire. Despondent over the fashion things that will be affected by this un-planned cost I inquire on tire pricing.Mari did not laugh at me. No, I don't know the kind of tires on my car.No, I don't really know the year of my car.No, I don't know if my Ford Escape is an xlt. (What the hell is that? This New York City girl bought a car. There are wheels on it. One of them was flat at an ungodly hour on a Sunday.)Well. Hang on. Mari did laugh, but *with* me.Yes, I am a fool as to all things car.Approximately two hours later Mari rang me and I headed back. First Mari, then Rene, explained the steps taken to test my tire. In English. Not a damn thing wrong with it. Highly probable a rapscallion LET THE AIR OUT on purpose. (Thanks to whomever for that.) Just in case, Rene replaced the air valve stem.Ten minutes later my tire is plopped back onto my car. My car has been vacuumed (!) and I was free to go.Here's the crazy thing:CostCo didn't charge me a penny. I sucked up their time and energy. My Dad had sent me there saying "they're good". I had no idea. (Pfft! Tires? Aren't they all the same?) After yesterday I know where I'll be shopping for tires when it is time. Customer Service goes an amazing way. Thank you CostCo!
5	A Great place and everyone is very friendly!
1	Terrible experience signing up for membership. We bought the living social deal and almost cancelled it on the spot. Signed up with Dolores and she was very snide with regard to me using my own Amex versus theirs implying it was a poor decision. Lots of inappropriate comments. Super pushy with the executive membership. We heard all about it outside, told her that, then she went on again about it. We already hate it here and we just joined. Big mistake. Get prepared to be hounded to upgrade your membership and use their Amex even if you like yours. I told her "this is becoming unpleasant and I really don't appreciate the big push." And she went on still. You only get one chance to make a good first impression.
1	Bought their pizza to take home and bake. Terrible. No flavor. The marinara pesto sauce was brown. Whats up with that? Not impressed so won't be buying that again.I've had their pizza in the past & it was good.
4	I like Costco, but I don't like shopping at Costco (make sense?). They're always jam  packed, people run you over to get free bites of half a ravioli, & when you leave the store you always forget you have to show your receipt and you spend 5 minutes looking for it. All that being said, this Costco is a lot more bearable than others. For whatever reason it seems to be a lot less crowded (especially on the weekends compared to other locations). Other than that, it's a Costco (is the lay out of any of these stores any different?). I don't come here as much anymore, but I can remember every now and then dealing directly with customer service (getting glasses from here, ordering deli platters/cakes, etc...) & never having a bad experience. If you like what Costco has to offer, but hate shopping at Costco you might find this location a lot more tolerable.
