3	A little pricier than Ru San's, Nikko has great sushi.  The spicy tuna is excellent, and the ginger salad, with mixed greens instead of head lettuce, is a nice size.  There's even some entertainment when Joanna puts on her cowboy hat and dances on the bar...but you'll have to see that for yourself.
5	Love it! The salmon tempura rolls are a "must have". My son thinks it's cool that they store chopsticks for better customers so, you can always come in and use your own sticks! The customer service can't be beat, lively atmosphere.Crowded-make reservations. Parking is hard in front, go around the back there is a big lot and an extension lot behind the Greek Islands.
2	The Nikko's uptown location is far suppior to this Ballantye local.The atmosphere is so different, the uptown location is fronted by fun Joanna, and this one is on the plain side. However, they do have outdoor seating.The food is delicious, as usual, but if you don't want to go to the city don't expect a fun substitute.
4	I took my girlfriend here for a dinner date. It certainly is up-tempo and seems to be a trendy spot for those in their 20s and 30s, but on the other hand, it's not a loud restaurant where you can't hear your tablemate.Service was somewhat sparse; our waitress only came around once in a while to refill our drinks, and it took a while for her to take our orders. This was on a busy Friday night, but I still think if a couple more people were on the wait staff they'd be able to provide faster service.However, you'll quickly forget about the service once you try the food. We had the Yaki Ebi (basically Teriyaki Shrimp on skewers) for an appetizer. Not much food for the $7, but delicious. I ordered the Sushi/Sashimi Combo ($25, but a LOT of food) and she had the Crazy Roll ($8.25) and Scallop Roll ($6.5). You could tell how fresh everything was just by tasting it, and the way they present it also adds to the experience. Her Crazy Roll was served in a tall glass over a bed of lettuce. Everything was delicious. All in all, far better than anything I'd ever eaten at Sushi 101 (though pricier).Overall: Excellent sushi-eating experience if you don't mind paying the price, and waiting for the service during peak hours.
5	Best Sushi in town hands down.  Good luck eating there on a Friday Night without waiting 30+ minutes though.Try the crazy rolls in a margarita glass. I will say you're bill will rack up quickly if you are hungry and drown a Saki bomb or two.  Est on a sushi meal is $15-21 + drinksAlso keep in mind that the sushi is made to order. So, you will have to wait but the owner is wild and crazy and will help pass the time.
5	I'm a sushi snob.  I am.  Sushi at a supermarket?  No way.  I've eaten at many high end sushi restaurants, so I fancy myself smarter than the average bear when it comes to sushi. I dig Nikko.  1) it's hip.  You walk in and it's like you're in NYC.  2) The food is just damn good.  I've been here 3 times now since moving to Charlotte almost 2 months ago.  All three times - just great.  I never get sake, so I can't comment on that.  I got a martini the first time and have gotten Kirin draft every other time.  Yummy. The fish - I've never had a poor piece of fish there.  It's all very fresh and is well prepared.  Warning - they put a lot of wasabi on their nagiri.  You've been warned.  They have some really inventive rolls.  The crispy salmon roll is really good.  The crazy roll (served in some sort of cocktail glass) is not good.  Avoid at all costs. All the staff have been very nice, although busy at certain points, so it's a pain if you need another beer.  However - One waiter gave me a great tip about their tuna tartare - they put a raw quail egg on top.  Ask for it without that. Enjoy - this place is a keeper.  I'll be there pretty often.*** Update as of 3/8/2008 ***I had their tuna tartare a few days ago.  I would avoid this dish.  It's basically their spicy tuna mixture sans the spicy.  More weird to eat it without a roll...
4	Great atmosphere. Perfect sushi restaurant for after work drinks and a quick bite. The location on South Boulevard is nice and yet parking is still OK. The sushi is not cheap, but the quality and art of sushi is what you expect from a high end sushi restaurant. I am not an elitist so I prefer the cool atmosphere with the quality in the food. If it were more stuffy or "quite" I would not like Nikko as much.Almost my fav spot in Charlotte, but definitely up there...
4	I don't think you can go wrong with Nikko if you're looking for quality sushi.1.  The food is outstanding.  A lot of different rolls available on their sushi menu and interesting specials every time I've been.  I haven't tried any of their teriyaki dishes or the bento box, but I've heard from others that both are great.2.  The wait staff is great.  Have never had a problem with service.  3.  Good with large groups.  I've been to both the South Blvd. and Ballantyne location with groups of 12+ and never had a problem.  Checks were always separated appropriately and no orders were messed up.The only recommendation I have is to make sure you make reservations (if you can, I'm not sure about this...).  I went with a date on a Thursday night and ended up with a 30 minute wait.
2	It was around 8 on a saturday night so I understand that they were busy, but our service wasn't that good. First they were out of stock on several bottles of wine, we had to order 3 bottles of wine before they actually had one we wanted. some of us ordered salads and half of us didn't get them until we reminded the waitress. The sushi was ok, definitely not the best i ever had. I am all about trendy and young places but the atmosphere was a little much, I felt like Nikko was trying too hard to be hip. It was a bit too much of a nightclub atmosphere for a place to have dinner, they had a dj spinning while we were there and it was so loud that the only person you could talk to was the person next to you, and there was also a girl passed out in the women's bathroom with the door locked. Good things:We had reservations and we were seated immediately and the cost was very reasonable. I paid around $45 (tip included) for a salad, sushi, and a half bottle of wine.
4	Great sushi.  Mid-range price, a little on the expensive side but worth it for the atmosphere and unique sushi choices.  Good for lunch too, quick call-ahead-take-out.  Highly recommended to those who enjoy good Japanese food in a quiet atmosphere.  Even at 12 during the week the place is very accomodating and very good.The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because Sushi 101 is better!!!
4	Absolutely great sushi, great service, great atmosphere and great saki!The different varieties of sushi allowed me to find something new while find my favorites. The menu included close to 30 different kinds. The owner was entertaining as she danced with her cowboy hat and feather boa. The price was a bit steep, but worth it every once in awhile.This is a great place to take a date (if you both enjoy sushi)!
2	I love the hip, chic lounge atmosphere at Nikko's! The atmosphere makes me feel like I'm in New York or Chicago.However, the food is just ok. I've had much better.
4	My favorite sushi place in Charlotte. The new space is much less quaint than the original Uptown location, but it's much larger and cosmopolitan. I moved from Washington, DC; going to Nikko makes me feel like I'm in a larger, more trendy city (sorry Charlotte, I like ya but you're still a small town on the rise). They recently added some outdoor dining space which seems to be used for lounging and private parties.
2	My friend and I were just looking for somewhere to have a nice dinner so we thought we'd check out the new Nikko location (just down the street from the old spot). Boy, that was a mistake. We weren't dressed in stilettos and short dresses, so we definitely didn't fit in. The wait for a table was unpleasant and long. With the color-changing panels, the restaurant's hip decor is just trying way too hard. It looks like something someone would build in the Sims. I mean, Charlotte is growing and slowly becoming more cosmopolitan, but Nikko is just over the top. The food was all right, though not incredibly impressive. We were already kind of angry at the whole experience by the time we finally got to eat.
3	Alright well, I finally got a chance to try Nikko this weekend after hearing about it being the best sushi in Charlotte.  I have to say, I was too distracted by the club atmosphere going on around me to even worry about the quality of the food.  That's probably because despite having a reservation for 15 at 9 pm, we waited until almost 10:30 only to be seated at a make-shift table set up for 8.  I'm talking about a table scooted up to the end of the booth making it impossible for the table behind us to get out and if you were in the inside booth and have to pee,  you better be prepared to hold it.  Waiting that long for a table when a reservation was made almost three months ago is bulls&(#! That is one of my biggest restaurant pet peeves EVER.  The loud techno music by the in-house DJ was also a bit much, this place is definitely trying way to hard.  The food was good, that I can say.  The seafood fried rice had big pieces of crab, scallop, and shrimp, and the rice was perfectly cooked.  That was probably the only dish that had portions and taste that actually  fit the price.  Our service was excellent, which was much appreciated considering how busy she was.  The sushi was sushi....nothing special, but solid nonetheless.  If you are heading to Nikko, be sure to wear your club gear and you'll fit right in.  Oh and don't bother making a reservation, it's obviously pointless.
3	Nikko is definitely the fanciest sushi place in Charlote--and again, it's  not even close. This place is super scene-y--lots of banker types there all done up, lots of make-up'd women in fancy clothes. Seriously, when you go to Nikko you feel like you're in some swanky sushi place in LA or Miami, which is fine if that's what you're in the mood for. As a result, Nikko is pretty expensive, although you're getting pretty good bang for your buck--most of the sushi is actually really good. Definitely a place to come to be seen, though, which means the bar is super active and crowded, especially on thursdays and the weekend. It really gets a clubby/lounge-like atmosphere on these nights, so don't expect a nice, quiet meal. Far from it. Good sushi bar aspect though--you can sit there easily. Reservations can be tough sometimes, or at least it's not that easy to just show up and sit right away. Definitely popular.The food takes a backseat to the meal itself, which is what some people there are hoping for. Indeed, good place to have a birthday dinner with friends. Maybe decent date spot. Note the owner, who goes running around making a scene.
5	Haven't eaten Japanese in quite some time. I really liked it here. As a vegetarian, I had lots of choices. I had Teriyaki Tofu, Miso Soup, Mango/Cabbage salad, tempura and vegetarian roll. This was a little too much food for 1 person. I would eliminate tofu to make it just right. It got a little noisy, but that's the Nikko scene. I'm glad I took taxi and got there around 7:30 pm. When me and my friend left, it was mobbed by 8:30 pm. All in all - great food, great atmosphere, classy bathrooms.
3	Ok, let's start off by saying everything everyone said about it being a club, uber-hip style atmosphere is absolutely correct.Now onto the sushi.  The first time I went there was phenomenal.  But that could be because all I the sushi I had recently was from 2 terrible sushi places :P.  The 2nd time was just "good."  The 3rd time was solid, better than the 2nd, and not as good as the first.  That being said it seems almost hit or miss.  I'll keep going back until I find a better place.
2	I hate this place. Friends had raved and raved about it, but I did not see what was so great about it when I finally went with a couple of friends. Bizzare modern decor, overdressed severs, hostesses, and clientele, food is good but overshadowed by the trying-too-hard NYC atmosphere (but there are TVs set to sports channels..?). We are in CHARLOTTE. Are you kidding me? Get over yourself! Prices are also overkill. I loved the sushi over at Dean and Deluca Wine Bar in Southpark (unexpected I know) but I think the sushi chef moved to Rooster's last I heard. HIs name is Cy, he is the best sushi chef in Char. So I would recommend you go...elsewhere, not here.P.S. The best part of this restaurant is it's in the hated, heinous "Pink Building" on South Blvd.
4	I've been meaning to do a review of this place since last November when I went out to Charlotte to visit my cousin.  Great place...I really liked the decor; waterfalls in the front.  Lighting was nice..ambiance was fancy and comfortable.  Very mod and chic, if you're into that kinda thing.I had a roll there that was one of the top 3 rolls I've ever had.  I think it was called the Orgasm.  Haha ok it wasn't called that but it was good.  Some crunchy salmon something or other with sprinkles of mmm-mmm a side order of YUM.  Very tasty food overall.  I guess one of the drawback is the pricing given it is on the expensive side.  But honestly I'm willing to throw down a few extra bucks with the right combination of service, decor and good food.  Keep in mind I'm coming from the Southern California region...I'd probably be first to admit if this wasn't worth it.  Overall had a good experience...maybe I was riding off the holidays and being in a new town but I enjoyed myself.  Try it out when you want a treat.
4	I decided to go after the hotel desk attendant recommended it as a good sushi spot.  He told us to look for the pink building which made it easy to find.At first, it seemed like a pretty trendy spot and I was even worried I might be underdressed.  They have free valet parking, but I opted to self park in the garage for free instead.  My friend and I were pretty hungry so we decided to go crazy.  We went with the vegetable tempura and the kalbi.  The tempura was pretty good and the kalbi was delicious but very thin.  It also came with some spicy pickled cucumbers.  Yum.We decided to go for 4 rolls.  Their bento box and rice bowls are all $25.  It must be pretty amazing stuff, but we didn't want to try that, so we went for the Nikko roll, the Charlotte Roll, the Sexy Salmon, and the caterpillar.I have to highly recommend the Nikko roll, it was great.  And the sexy salmon was very tasty, with big cuts of salmon and also had a nice kick to it.  I didn't think the prices were too bad.
4	It seems to be that either you love Nikkos or you hate it..I love it there. Yes the Sushi is a bit pricier then in other spots, but your paying for the atmosphere and decor. Yes its a bit pretentious, but its a great place to get dressed up and have some pretty great food. Also they seem to be the only place in town in which I have found Hana Awaka Saki.
5	Amazing sushi. Go in the evening for the happy hour and the owner will dance for the whole restaurant. It is strange, but entertaining.
4	I always eat at their Ballantyne location and love it. Its my fav place for sushi in Charlotte.  The Miso is great, the ginger dressing (house made) is the best in town.  Sushi has always been fresh and enjoyable.
4	Went back this weekend (again, to the Ballantyne location) for another sushi fix and this time we tried the shrimp & veggie tempura appetizer first. The  shrimp, eggplant, asparagus and zucchini were all perfectly battered in the light and delicate tempura batter. The dipping sauce was a perfect  accompaniment for it.  Also a must try on the appetizer list is The Tuna Tataki (Seared tuna with seven spices, ponzu sauce ).  The tuna was only slightly seared on one side and was a beautiful cut of tuna.  The tuna is served with pickled ginger on a bed of shredded daikon, and can be paired with a side of rice to make a nice main meal.  As usual, their miso was spot-on as was the salad with their house-made ginger dressing - which is not overly saltly like many other versions I've had. My favorites here are the Unagi (Freshwater Eel) nigri, Ebi (Shrimp) nigri, Hamachi (Yellowtail) nigri, and Tuna sashimi.  If you are not in the mood for sushi, the chicken teriyaki dinner is delish and comes with miso soup, salad, stir fry vegetables and steamed rice.  We finished our meal with a bowl of green tea ice cream which is a perfect serving size for 2 to share.
3	Their decor and atmosphere is amazing. Their kalbi is amazing as well, cooked perfectly. Everything else, was just a bust. Their shrimp tempura roll left a lot to the imagination to be desired. Their calamari, just tasted so much better before hand. I think more people go for the environment rather than the quality of the food. However, there are better restaurants than this, I would definitely choose CUISINE MALAYA sushi anyday. They seem to have a lot more variety but  more importantly, their food just tastes better.
5	Before Nikko moved into its new, current location, I loved going there.  The sushi was some of the best I've ever had, and the atmosphere was fun and lively.  Recently, we finally went to the "new" Nikko in Dilworth for our anniversary.  All I can say is...WOW.  It was like a sushi nightclub.  I loved the new modern decor, despite now feeling a bit underdressed.  I felt like I was in a New York City restaurant/bar.  We waited about 45 min for a table on a busy Saturday night, but had a couple of pricey-yet-delicious martinis from the bar to keep us occupied.  Fortunately, now, too, they have a big waiting, comfortable waiting area (and bar) that they didn't have before.  We were finally sat and ordered five different rolls to share.  Each one was made with care, wonderfully presented, and melted in our mouths.  I could have eaten more and more 'til my tummy burst.  We'll definitely return...but I'll wear something a little more dressy next time!
4	Good vibe, good food. Too loud on weekend nights. Make a choice, nightclub or dinner.
4	I'm trying to think of something negative to write about Nikko, but I just can't seem to spit it out. Everything that Murphy defined, can go wrong and has gone wrong here at Nikko. But I can easily forget, look right past it and drink my Asahi. Its like a love/hate relationship. The allure of the restaurant is backed by modern design, mezmorizing lighting (blue or green backdrop behind the sushi bar) and not to mention exquisite bathrooms. They offer nice touches such as this gritty hand soap "that also massages your hands, without dehydrating them, leaving a hint of oil." Sushi is normally a premium, but prices are especially high here. They offer many signature "hollywood glam" rolls, that can be especially pricey and not fulfilling. They might have the most expensive plain run of the mill tuna rolls ($7) and spicy tuna rolls ($7.50) I've ever had too. Nikko has a weekend DJ and is aways, always crowded. If you have reservations for a large group, its very likely you'll wait. Annnnd you really can't get mad at the restaurant for that! People like to hang out here. People don't just dine here, they converse, they socialize. Once you get seated, you'll understand... The wait staff here is always excellent and accommodating (they can and will hide any birthday cakes or gifts). Food service might be slow, but there's plenty of eye candy to occupy your time. That's cause Nikko probably brings in the most attractive crowd in the city. Patrons are always friendly and from my experience, everyone always leaves here smiling (maybe its the saki bombs or the vivacious cowboy hat wearing, tambourine toting owner lady, dunno). Nikko is pretty darn awesome. I've eaten here several times for dinner and for birthday celebrations and I can't say that I've ever had a bad experience. My weekend meal wasn't the best, but I easily got over it. The Miso soup was too fishy.. It had way too much bonito fish flavor. My Ozmakase was just okay at $35 (website is out of date and says $30). The Unagi (my fav) was a lil disappointing than previously and real fishy. But its not the sushi, or teriyaki or udon here  - cause none of that is spectacular; it's the overall dining experience.If you're looking for a quiet, traditional, or romantic spot, this def isn't the place. If you want to partake in some people watching, pre-partying or have a fun filled dinner celebration/party, definitely check out Nikko.
2	It seems Im not alone in my findings of Nikko's the atmosphere is great!! Music is loud, its fun and gets you drinking, but unfortunately there isn't enough alcohol in the world to make they're food taste good!! I sent my Black Cod back because it was Tuna...When it came out next time I got the Black Cod it was so fishy I couldn't take it so I didn't eat it. The server told the manager and they said that it was cooked perfectly and nothing was wrong with it and that I probably didn't know what i was ordering so it was my fault and they will not be taking it off the check. Now from one of my other reviews I have dined at NOBU in NYC.  I know NIikko's will never be anywhere near as good as a place of this caliber so I know it's not fair to compare, but to prove I've had Black Cod before is an understatement because it was probably the most amazing Black Cod I will ever have. But no they are right I have no idea what it is and what it's suppose to taste like....She should probably just keep her mouth closed and let others run a restaurant while she dances around in her hot pink Boa and call it a night!!
5	Nothing bad about this place. It's fun. Upscale. Great food. Great people. Great customer service.
3	The thing about Nikko is that the atmosphere is great. Decor looks lovely and it's a vibrant space. Music is super loud though, but if you're in your young 20s looking for a place that opens late and is close enough to downtown that you can just jump right over to the club, Nikko is a good spot. But honestly, prices are too high for the quality of food you get. Sushi is okay at best and entrees aren't that great either. There's is nothing special about the food here.
4	It's expensive, it's clubby, it's well appointed, and, yeah, the sushi is super tasty. If you can handle the owner running around (post 8 pm Thurs.-Sun.) smacking a tambourine and downing sake bombs, then you're golden. If you're looking for a low-key Nikko experience, hit it up before 7:30 pm Sun-Wed. Plus, you won't wait for an hour either. Seriously. Now that we have that out of the way let's get to the food!Here's a list of some of my favorite selections:Tuna Crunchy Roll: The perfect amount of fried exterior and smashed with tons of tuna inside. Topped with a tangy, spicy sauce. Tuna Sashimi: Big chunks of fresh tuna and avocado seated atop of some white crunchy swimming in a light citrus sauce. Nom.Alex Roll: Albacore Tuna, Crab, Asparagus, Aoli Sauce; Topped w/ Tuna & Avocado, Red Tobikko. A delicious, filling roll but a bit steep for $15!Godzilla Roll: Fresh California Roll topped with spicy tuna and tempura crumbs. Delectable. This can make a light lunch for me. Miami Roll: Salmon, Hamachi, Crab, Avocado, Lettuce, Scallions w/ Masago. A super light and refreshing roll.Yellowtail Hamachi Appetizer: A pricey, small, yet tasty app. Super thin and super fresh hamachi slices topped with jalapeno and an amazing citrus vinaigrette. There is also some little ball of spice on top too!So, that's my list of Nikko winners. It's a really chic sushi lounge and it's great for people watching. Just don't expect to have in-depth conversations with your dining partners during their crazy hours!
1	Sadly, Nikko has closed their Ballantyne location.
5	If you visit Charlotte and stay in the downtown area, this is the sushi place to go. The sushi was mmm superb, I had a great time here. Perhaps because I went to visit my girl Brooke in Charlotte at the time. She was fantastic, definitely made it worth the trip. We drank too many martinis and made out in the elevator on our way back to the parking garage. Few people saw us as they got on and off the elevator but we didn't care, we just kept kissing and making out. Will never forget this night, it felt so fkin good!5 stars based on what happened in the elevator
1	My first experience ever at Nikko's and it was awful! Coming into the restaurant I was greeted by the hostess, who wore a tube top; what kind of nice restaurant would let any worker where a tub top besides a club or a bar!! We eventually seated at around 6:45pm and order appetizers that didn't come out until an hour later when everyone in my party was starving. We didn't get refills on any of our beverages and when I order wine the waitress didn't asked for an ID. When we finally put in our entrees our food didn't come out until an hour afterwards; on top of that our food was cold by the time it got to our table. Everyone was upset and didn't even touch their meals. Even when I talked to the manager he raised his voice and couldn't comprehend what I was telling him, I already know sushi is cold! But my entree was not suppose to be!!  After that brief session the manager stormed off from our conversation and yelled JESUS. Very rude and unprofessional business. The ten people at my party will never come back again nor will they recommend this place to anyone else.
1	Went here to celebrate my girlfriends 21st due to all the good reviews about this place and between ordering a appetizer of sushi to start off with and walking out the place it was nothing but a complete waste of time and money. The service was horrible unlike the reviews. The sushi took 40 min to arrive the entree another 30 and was cold when it did. The manager just made excuses of how it was busy at the time, that's doesn't explain why my foods cold does it? In the end I paid the $93 dollar sushi bill seeing how I didn't even bother touching the ice cube they called salmon and rice and we headed to cookout for a hamburger tray and a milkshake all under $10. If I could give no stars I would.
1	I am not impressed.  I am from California and love me some sushi.  This place is nothing but smokme and mirrors.  Hence the Great venue, this place has a great venue and decor its a Architech's dream but a food critics nightmare.  The Sushi was WAAAYY OVERPRICED.  I mean come on a tekka roll one of them ost cheapest thing on any sushi menu at any sushi place was 11 dollars.  Something that would cost me $4.95 in my best sushi place in California.  Its soooo  ridiculous.  The 30 waiters that were hanging around the restraunt and the 4 hostesses I dont see how anyone in Charlotte considers this place one of the best sushi places in Charlotte!  I did however find a halfway decent place that kinda worth anything sushi wise in the city of Charlotte and thats Yama Sushi in Southpark area.
1	This place recently received a score of 87 from the health dept and before that it scored a 90.  They have been re-inspected since and scored much higher but geez a 90 and an 87 - and we're talking about a SUSHI restaurant!!!  I'll never try this place - Beware!!!  See below...http://mecklenburg.digitalhealthdepartment.com/_templates/NC/Restaurant/_report_full.cfm?reportID=F4DA48D5-D902-C95B-4ECC104DF640F458&facilityID=F2DACC56-1422-201B-19C824BAFAFF56D7&rtype=Restaurant&domainID=16http://images.bimedia.net/documents/0622410+nikkos.pdf
4	Excellent selection of well prepared Sushi.  Nice atmosphere that is definitely a bit "Clubby" as somebody previously mentioned.
4	BOOM BOOM POW, SHAKIN THAT THANG! Come to Nikko Thursday - Saturday after 8pm and there's a good chance you'll here your favorite club music being blasted throughout the place. There's probably a crazy owner shaking a tambourine around the tables. If you don't see her or know who she is, just go to the bathroom and see the banner size self portrait hanging on the wall...yep... All that said, the place has GOOD sushi. Full menu with many options, but for me, the sushi is what makes this place. They don't take reservations unless your party is over 6, so be prepared to put your name on the list and wait 30 minutes give or take depending on the night. If you go earlier in the week, walking right in and sitting down is expected. If you're planning your first visit, I recommend going early in the week to make sure you don't get annoyed and get used to the surroundings. If you're looking for a good time with friends/family and/or folks visiting, go on the weekend to enjoy the scene and people watching. Great outdoor area too for those perfect nights. For the food...it's usually the same. Jalapeno Hamachi app along with the special tuna app w/avacado. For rolls, go with the Tuna Cruchy...the citrus sauce it awesome. Godzilla roll and Alex roll will usually find their way to the table too!
2	Ate here once, it was good but not any better then some of the other places.  Yes the decor is nice and the atmosphere is cool but ......... When I left, I felt like I was leaving a gay bar. (no offense) But everyone in the bar area and standing around outside were boys.
4	I'll give this place a solid 4 since it's got great location, atmosphere, food, and a following that keeps me coming back.When they first moved across the way from their original location, it seemed like it was hard to get in the place since it was so popular - probably why they had to expand.  My group would even schedule going to dinner super early just to avoid the crowds (or try to avoid them).Once you manage to grab a table, the sushi is good and the wait staff is nice.  Probably one of my favorite spots in Charlotte when my stomach is yelling for sushi!
4	I think it goes without saying that this place is awesome!  From the trendy atmosphere and art deco on the wall to the cowboy hat wearin', pocket sized owner/manager, this place is wicked fun!  The food is excellent.  Four of us went on friday, GET THERE BEFORE 7:30 on a busy night and you walk in like VIP! After, you'd probably get a vibrating beeper deal and a bar stool!  The waiter was attentive and friendly. The prizes were not cheap, however so be prepared to spend a pretty penny on some raw fish!   We ordered quite a variety, not just the rolls and everything was savory and delicious!  I definitely recommend it to all looking for a sushi extravaganza!
5	BEST sushi in town!!! Very nice restaurant. The staff are all friendly!! Parking deck attached to the place which makes parking no problem at all. I have been to this place during lunch and for dinner. Lunch is a more relaxing atmosphere. At night, especially on the weekends, there is usually a DJ playing music throughout the place. You may want to make reservations for dinner and on the weekends. They also have a patio area to sit outside if the weather permits. Dress code=casual/dressyBest sushi rolls to try 1. SPICY SHRIMP & CRAB SALAD ROLL and 2. SUPER CRUNCHY ROLL. Also ask for sushi specials!As far as the other food, it was okay. I've ordered the filet mignon, with fried rice, miso soup, and salad with ginger dressing. The salad and dressing is by far better than Nakatos. The other food I ordered was smaller in portions compared with Nakatos. If you are looking for larger portions and for the cook to prepare food before you, I would try Nakatos. If you would like to order from the menu and GOOD sushi, this is the place for you!!!!
3	I really hope that Yelp starts the 1/2 star concept coz I want to give Nikkos a 3 1/2 stars. Nikkos looks likes a Sushi joint transplant from NYC. Its a bit odd that the owner dances around with her tambourine...but I guess thats entertainment? I wont lie, this place is expensive but the special rolls are pretty damn good. Their Dancing queen rolls and mexican rolls are yum. We take our guests out to Nikkos coz its fun place to get some sushi and pre game before heading out for the night. It not really a every weekend kinda place; why.....because I dont want to deck out to eat sushi and pay an arm and a leg every time I have a sushi craving.
3	This is a perfect sushi restaurant for a business lunch or wild and crazy birthday dinner. You can sit at the sushi bar or at regular tables and booths. You can stick to pretty traditional fare like a California roll, or venture to try something more exciting like squid or salmon. I love, love, love their Gyoza ( a delicious dumpling you have to try or you haven't lived yet) and the Stained Glass martini, which combines amaretto and midori among other liqueurs and somehow tastes fantastic! You haven't gone to Nikko's unless you have gone for a celebration of some type and ordered Saki bombs, because this is when Nikko herself, clad in an outrageous outfit of some sort topped with a cowboy hat comes out with a musical flourish and does shots with your entire table. Usually she has a tambourine which she insists on keeping time on your bottom or hers. From the art and design just in the bathrooms, to the club thumping beats the dj drops on the weekend, it's a blast and I will continue to keep going.
5	Nikko, why have I waited until now to try you? I did not realize what I was missing. Walked in Friday at about 7 and they were able to get us right in without a reservation. The atmosphere was really cool- very busy but it didn't feel overly crowded.The kitchen was open which I always like. Our service was great and the pacing of the meal was perfect. We started with an appetizer, the Tuna Tataki which was prepared beautifully. I would have liked a little more ponzu sauce but the flavors were spot on.Next we had three rolls: The Volcano, Nikko, and Spider . All were fantastic- I would get any again. A bit pricey but the quality and taste of each roll was outstanding. I will be back soon!
4	Nikko is a great sushi place!  I came here only two days after I had moved to Charlotte, and was surprised to see how busy and bumpin it was on a Thursday night around 7.  Don't let the look of it from the outside fool you, I was worried we'd have to wait awhile, but the restaurant is huge and a lot of people sit up at the bar, so there was no wait for us at all!Very good selection of sushi, and our waiter was very helpful (even though she said it was only her first week).  The rolls were tight and very tasty.  Vegetable tempura was a good start.  Prices not bad, it's sushi after all, cheap sushi scares me anyway :-)
4	Nikko's sushi is AMAZING! I've been here both at night and during lunch for the $12 lunch roll specials. Of course at night the place comes alive and is a perfect place to have a girls night out. The super crunch roll is amazing. Substitute the mayo for cream cheese. Complaints: The parking deck is easy to find but is kind of tight getting in and out of. One of my friends was trying out being a vegan for a month and the waiter we had wasn't well educated on the vegan options.    This is definitely one of Charlotte's most upscale restaurants for sushi. Expect a wait on weekend nights.
4	Best sushi in Charlotte, hands down.  If you've never been to Nikko, prepare yourself to pay accordingly.  Let's face it:  Pappy Van Winkle costs a hell of a lot more than Jim Beam but it tastes a hell of a lot better, too.  And so it goes with Nikko.  You can save money by eating at Sushi 101 but you won't experience the superior quality fish and preparation.  I'll admit it...it can be a bit of a surprise when the music suddenly becomes louder and Joanna comes out with her tambourine.  You know it's coming, you just don't know when.  Batten down the hatches and prepare yourself for it ahead of time.  Winning a saki bomb throwdown is not one of my finest restaurant moments, but I can mark it off the bucket list.  You should, too.  The atmosphere is extremely clubby and most of the patrons are, well, clubtastic.  So, now that you're prepared for the price, the dancing, the tambourine, the cowboy hat and the clientele, you need to prepare your mouth for the most delicious sashimi in town.  The uni is wonderful salty deliciousness.  The blue fin toro will melt in your mouth like butter.  And so on and so forth.  I only wish that I could get a bowl full of fried shrimp heads without having to order the sweet shrimp.  I just can't stomach those snotty little bastards.  Joanna!  Save up your shrimp heads for me so I can have a delicious bowl of them every time I visit!  Please!
3	This place makes me uncomfortable. It feels more like somewhere for martinis and dancing than traditional Japanese food and sushi. The environment is quite clean and fancy but is more along the modern-aggressive feel than restaurant-y and welcoming.Prices are a bit high for what you're getting (example: a Vegetable Roll cut into 6 pieces is $6. C'mon, to make that is almost 100% profit). The staff were friendly and good about water refills, the valet staff were really nice.Eh, I don't think I'll be back but it was an experience for sure.
3	Sushi is decent but over priced. The lady with the tambourine can get kind of annoying...
4	We went to Nikko's for the first time for a friends birthday this week and I have to say I was pretty impressed. It is a bit more upscale then some of the other trendy sushi joints around town, with an almost club like feel. Parking was easy as they had valet parking. Service was great and the food was wonderful. We started out with the toro tartare which to be honest wasnt the best toro Ive had but still pretty good. It did lack a little flavor for what you expect out of toro. The price was about $19 which I think is somewhat fair for a good amount of toro. Definately a bit more expensive than your usual appetizer though. The remaining entrees were fantastic. I got the a sushi/ sashimi sampler plate for $30. it game with 3 pieces each sashimi octopus, salmon, and tuna and 8 pieces of nigiri including, shrimp, tuna, hamachi, salmon. It was definately tastey and for the price they did give big cuts of sashimi. The only thing I wish was different was the double tuna and salmon they give. I would of liked to try different fish on the nigiri. One of our friends had the volcano roll. It  may have been the best volcano roll I have tried. I believe it was around $13, which for higher end place is not a bad deal. My soon to be mother in law is in town from Detroit and she will not touch any sushi so she got the steak and chicken teriyaki hibachi. The steak was delicous. It was cooked to perfection and had great flavors. The cost was about $25 dollars. Which I think is comparable to any other Japanese restaurant. I did get a couple bottles of sake. I prefer unfiltered cold sake usually and they had a couple of different selections. It was rather good. I did notice that some of there sake was a bit over priced. I have seen the same sake at other restaurants for a fraction of the price. I would say this place is almost five stars. I have not been there enough to try more of their sushi rolls yet. I will definately go back sometime and maybe this review will be updated.
3	This is a great sushi spot, however there are some things it could improve on. Free valet is always a nice plus, since the parking looked pretty hard to find a spot. First walk in and I felt a bit too casual for a sushi restaurant. It's a very modern feel, and everyone seemed to be wearing suits, probably shouldn't have worried too much though since later on in the evening the music suddenly pumped straight up and the owner came out in a feather boa and tambourine doing sake bombs!The food was very hit or miss for me, not to mention kind of overpriced for what you get. The nigiri sushi and rolls are very fresh and innovative. The nigiri was a little big for my mouth though. The beef sukiyaki I ordered was hideously sweet. Almost felt like I was eating a dessert. I ended up not touching much of it, so I was still quite hungry and ended up eating off everyone else's plates. The udon and other beef dishes I tried from my company were fine though, so maybe I just had a messed up meal. However they did not ask at all if I liked my sukiyaki at all and that is not all right at all considering how much I paid for it!It was a pretty good meal that I bummed off everyone else, the service is good, the problem is everything just seems good not great. The sushi here bumps this up another star. I think next time I will just make a meal out of only sushi here, it's that good!
4	What a fun and stimulating sushi place to be with high energy hip-hop loud music and cool DJ as well as Joanna (the owner) with her boa and signature cowboy hat running the place! Sushi at Nikko never gets boring especially when Joanna is dancing next to your table saying hi and sushi love. I love coming to Nikko to meet and bring friends for fun and entertainment as well as for great sushi! We were lucky couple times with celebrities comging here. Had an opportunity to take pictures with Jeff Gordan and the band Journey...WOW! What some fun nights it was! Most celebrities and athletes that are in town usually frequent this place. The atmosphere and the energy were vibrant as well as the crowd. The decor is very modern and sleek. The price is in the high end but it is well worth it. If there's no celebrity, the good looking bartender Kevin is also nice to look at if you prefer to dine at a bar, but it can get pretty crowded. When craving for sushi and martini, I will return to satisfy my sushi love.
4	Great date place, especially if you get one of the big, cushy, round booths. The decor is pretty awesome, too. Very contemporary - you can tell a lot of money went into this place. Best bets would be: crunchy tuna roll (you actually get yummy tuna steak slices, as opposed to mashed tuna salad); and the yellowtail jalapeno sashimi (freshest fish I've tasted, honestly). For dessert: the chocolate spice cake is TO DIE FOR.If you get the chance to head to the lady's room -- be not afraid, the frosted windowed stalls turn opaque as soon as you step in!ALSO: beware (or delight): we were there on Friday night and as we left, there was a DJ setting up. So I guess it turns into one big party Friday night, if that's what you're into!
4	I was looking for some sushi for dinner and this place was great. My entire meal consisted of sushi/shushimi and I can't wat to go back. There was free valet parking, and great service. There was a DJ and the music was LOUD.
3	This place is ok.  The ambiance is a huge turnoff.  It's a nightclub moonlighting as a sushi bar.  Anyone who doesn't want to be hangin out with yuppies and trendies needs to steer clear of this place.  Music feels like I should be at a Rave...probably has something to do with the lady in white snakeskin boots and matching 10-gallon hat at the hostess podium?  I'm assuming that's the owner...no self-respecting boss would let their employees get away with dressing like that at work.  I would not bring business colleagues or clients to this establishment...unless I was in the business of owning strip clubs (I'm not).The fish is ok...overpriced for the cut and quality though.  Selection of rolls is the same...just ok.  Drinks are priced according to what one may experience in an Uptown fine dining restaurant...and this place falls short of that, in both quality and location.  This is definitley a place that prefers form over substance when it comes to a good sushi experience.  You are paying for the decor/ambiance...not decent sushi.Service is always quick and attentive, no matter how busy.  After trying several dinners here, I only come here for their lunch now; the nightclub feel is just too off-putting...and I'm only 26 yrs. old!  I can handle a nightclub, just not with my fish.  the Bento lunch boxes are a decent deal.
5	I had a great experience at Nikko this past weekend.  I was there with a large party (12 people) for a birthday.  Having been in a large groups before at different restaurants, I usually brace myself for the possibility of poor service.  Thankfully, we had excellent service by our attentive waiter, Brandon.  In addition to the good service, I loved my sushi.  I'm a huge sushi fan so I can be hard to impress.  Nikko definitely impressed me.  I really appreciated that the fish tasted super fresh.  I also tried a mushroom appetizer that was simply amazing.  The only disappointing dish was the shrimp and veggie tempura appetizer.  It just tasted like bland fried food and the dipping sauce was not very good.The decor here is modern, and the bathrooms are beautiful.  An unexpected bonus was the DJ that began around 8:00 PM.  It was definitely packed though on Saturday night so plan ahead with reservations!
2	After my first sushi experience in Charlotte (it didn't even deserve the one star), I was completely deflated. So a friend took me to Nikko, one of her favorite places.For a $30 bento box, I expected quality. Service was great, and Nikko was entertainingly wild. Everything in my box tasted to par. My Charlotte sushi experience was looking on the up!So why 2 stars? Well, I didn't think much of it when I was eating my nigiri, but the slices of fish were warmer than preferred. I attributed the rise in temperature to the other things that were cooked in my box since the fish had great texture and I could tell that it was fresh...I would say that I digest faster than the average person. By the time I was about to pay my bill, everything I ate that night exited my body. Not pleasant at all. The causation? Either something dirty, or I speculate, that warm fish - I guess it was sitting out longer than necessary. Regardless of the cause, something was not right about that dinner.I give it one more star than my last experience because of the nice atmosphere and service, but at least the sushi from that experience stayed in my tummy.
1	Cool atmosphere but the hostess and owner(look for woman on cowboy hat) were both unnecessarily snooty to our group of 30 something nice looking crowd.  Will not be back.
4	Awesome date place!!!! I had a great experience at Nikko,my date and I were seated promptly and there is an awesome selection of sashimi, sushi rolls, and other dishes to choose from.  We had the hamachi sashimi with the jalapeno & tobiko, super crunchy roll, dancing queen, and a spicy tuna roll.  All were very fresh and tasty...yum! The ambiance was modern with Asian twists.  We sat in a big cushy booth as sharing sushi and wine.  It was quiet enough to have a decent conversation without screaming.
3	3 stars purely for ambiance - the spot is really cool and would like to go back.  What drags it down is the service and food quality.  I wasn't impressed by the fact that we had to ask for water, utensils, and soysauce trays all at different points during the dinner.  Maybe I'm a priss, but I expect those things to come to me without my request.  The sushi was a little on the not as fresh side - it might be because it wasn't cold and reeked of being a day or 2 old.  I'll give this place another try cuz they got some hottie pops.dmo out.
1	My coworker came here and ordered Udon (pronounced oo-don) and had the "Japanese" waitress correct her say "you mean 'YOU'don?"  ONE STAR FOR POOR MANAGEMENTIt was all one big joke until I actually came here.  Now granted the food is mediocre, and some are even pretty decent but the management was TERRIBLE.  We had a large group come and we ordered TONS of food as evident by my 11 pictures (granted that's only a quarter of the table).  We had a few people that couldn't make it but with alcohol we definitely ran a decent tab.  At the end of the evening the staff came by and said we hadn't hit the minimum for the private room and we where going to have to pay the difference.  SERIOUSLY!?!  After much debate, the restaurant allowed they guys paying the tab to buy some additional alcohol to fill the tab.  But since everyone was from out of ton they had to have it shipped.  Guess what... IT NEVER ARRIVED!!!   Overall that really soured the experience.The servers were going on about how fresh their fish was and how they would go the airport several times a day and even have clients who would fly in just to eat here. Sadly, When we had asked the them for recommendations, they asked us if we preferred fried or non fried.  We said non fried and they where like "um... then we don't really know what to recommend." LAME.Anyway, on to the food.We grabbed a few appetizers.  The presentation was nice like on the FLASH FRIED CALAMARI (Who comes up with these names?) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rZOzhSA5HP6IdpxuN4v66w?select=tSkv98cSBGdPwx2VbdTCIgThere was an order of SOFT SHELL SPRING ROLLS http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rZOzhSA5HP6IdpxuN4v66w?select=9Pi4Qm5nH__s4ai6kf1VMw  They were decent but the sauce was noxious.Stand out dishes includedOMEGA 3 - Seared salmon on one side, with avacodo and Masago mixed into the rice.  Topped with marinated onions and jalapenos this was actually pretty good and I'm not usually a fan of cooked salmon. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rZOzhSA5HP6IdpxuN4v66w?select=k6jiPToJ1zh8H39zbErOaASPICY TUNA NACHOS?  - Not sure if that's the right name.  Now granted it's hard to mess up spicy tuna, but this was decent. I recommended it to someone at the table who didn't really eat raw fish (you should usually recommend Spicy Tuna to sushi neophytes) and she really liked it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rZOzhSA5HP6IdpxuN4v66w?select=9NWxQ7GiV32EYYi4qRIIGgFIVE SPICE CHOCOLATE CAKE with GINGER ICE CREAM...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rZOzhSA5HP6IdpxuN4v66w?select=P0P1mlC0FoMXdvExqadzTg Again, nice name but the not much more than a regular chocolate cake.  Overall, I might have stopped back her for the OMEGA 3 but given the TERRIBLE management and the week staff I probably won't ever be back.
4	I quite enjoyed Nikko's very much.  They had pretty swag furniture in there.  I should've made a reservation before going because I waited a long time to get a table, but I liked how they had a very nice area for people waiting.  Pretty good feel in the restaurant, the only bad thing is I went during a dj night and it was SUPER loud.  I'm not a fan of having to speak loudly while eating.  I think that was the only downside.Now to the good stuff.  The food was absolutely AMAZING!!!  I had ordered so much sushi that I can't even remember what all I ordered.  The only thing I can remember was that it was heaven in my mouth.  I could feel the angels just flying in there gracing me with goodness in there.  My favorite thing off the menu was the Kalbi appetizer.  It was so delicous that I was tempted to order more, but the sushi came out before I did and it was plentiful enough.  I would recommend this place, but just beware of the dj techno night because it was a tad bit too loud.
5	Wow! Not only was the food off the charts but the atmosphere was perfect. I had the pleasure of meeting Joanna aka sushi mamma who sat down and ordered for our table. Joanna really has it figured out. The detail put into her food and the pride in her craft is unprecedented. Joanna, thank you for a wonderful experience. Lenny,baby joey,Jonny san,joker face,and Pett.
5	Great sushi!!!
4	Like transporting yourself to NYC with it's trendy beats in the background and the contemporary flair.  I love it!  The food is really great, I actually had my first Udon Noodle plate here and although the food was something new to me, it was really good.  The girlfriend and I ordered a Hawaiian roll of some sort prior for an appetizer and it was excellent as well.  You can tell why this place is popular.  It is apparently where all the beautiful people hang out as I've been told.  I would say that this is my new high end sushi choice just edging out Enso by a nose.
3	It has only taken me 3 years to try this place. Ever since I've moved here I've heard stories, good and no-so-much, and finally I had to try it out for myself. I happened to be in the area but not so sure I would have made the special trip. You have to park in the garage, 4th floor, or do valet. They make you work for entrance and you have to really want their sushi. The sushi and entrees were good and pricey and the service was just okay. I didn't come after 8pm, so apparently I missed the "show." However, I wasn't too disappointed in missing the club music or sake bomb encouraging owner. Now I can check this place off my list. I love sushi and this one filled my craving.
4	Fantastic sushi spot with great energy!  Super sexy cool interior (can we say HUGE upgrade from their old space?!?!)  I love coming here for a fantastic sushi experience.  It WILL bite your wallet tho - a recent outing for 2 cost over 100 bucks - but was worth it!  They have valet parking most nights, but there is a free parking garage too if you drive past the valet dudes.  The spots are marked - they want you to park on only certain levels for the restaurant (I think it is level 4?)Anyways - every time I have been the sushi has been super fresh and delicious.  They are very generous with roe topped-rolls and will bring you extra ginger upon request.  I was also delighted here one time by the seafood udon.  It wasn't the best I have ever had in my life but it was very good and very expensive.  Probably two can share this soup because it is so large. It is a fun night when you go and the proprietor is there dancin around.  She loves it when you have a good time!  Their high-tops are great for people-watching and the djs they have keep the place hoppin.  Love it!  Thanks Nikko!
3	Yikes! I had to bump my review down to 3 stars from the coveted 5.  I went to Nikko earlier this week on a friend date and I was so excited!  Well, I left feeling very disappointed.  I ordered my usual Shiitake Mushrooms appetizer and I was quite pleased although the portion was noticeably smaller than previous orders.  I decided to order the Rainbow Roll which for those of you who are not sushi addicts like myself, it is a roll that is topped with different types of fish and avocado which makes a beautiful rainbow presentation.  This is usually a more expensive roll but quite tasty!  When the server brought over my sushi, I could not believe how small it was.  Each roll was maybe a little bigger than the size of a quarter.  Also, out of the 8 pieces 4 of them were completely covered in avocado.  So half my roll had no fish on it.  Worse yet, the avocado was brown in several spots which means it was a little too old!  I let the server know that I was disappointed and pointed out the the avocado was brown in several areas.  She said she would have it "re-made" for me.  Well, when she brought it back, it was literally the same exact roll but the chef had sliced the brown avocado into smaller pieces and laid them on their side.  I almost couldn't believe they gave me the same exact roll and didn't at least give me fresh avocado!  Additionally, the server never asked me if it was better or checked to make sure everything was OK after that.  Can't say I left feeling impressed!
3	I've been a fan of Nikko for years but after the last two or three visits, I have to update my review, one star down.The Good: Service is still solid albeit quiet and the sushi menu is creative and tasty. There's a item for everyone and if you seek some interesting rolls, you can likely find them on the menu. Plus, the place is conducive to large groups ready for sake-bombing. Don't forget the complimentary valet!The Bad: The prices were already a bit high for the market but over the past few months, Nikko raised the price of many of its rolls and specials. While the increase was only a dollar or two each, that certainly adds up on the final bill. While the price increase is a bit irritating, it's even more so due to the fact that the rolls are significantly smaller and not as fresh. Sad panda. I was also pretty disenchanted by the soy sauce splattered menus and funky scent coming from one particular booth. No, it wasn't us. We showered.Nikko is still a fair place to check out, but for me the quality has gone down as of late.
3	Oh I'm so torn.  I know CLT has a love affair with Nikko.  It wasn't that my experiences were bad...the place is fun... but...well, read on fair Yelpers, read on. The prices, like Nicole W. said are a bit high.  I not only saw a $29 freaking dollar specialty sushi roll...but our $8 tempura appetizer was meager in size, and frankly, too salty and not light and crisp.  (RuSan's does the same average quality for a DOLLAR for 2 pieces!) This is not New York.  This is not Boston.  This is not the kind of sushi place where a $12 singular piece of sashimi is justified. The rolls *were* good...but again, the price was kind of a killjoy. Perhaps I should back up, and talk about the parking.  Yes, there's free valet, but for those who don't want to valet...parking on the 4th floor is kind of irritating for Charlotte.   Go with the valet. The atmosphere is total nightclub.  Modern lighting fixtures, bar, even the bathroom is fun/club-esque.  The high prices probably go toward paying the DJ. Michael E. is right about the service-- it's good.  Example, a server we had on a recent outing with a big group, was attentive, and good at suggesting sake, specialty rolls and appetizers. Maybe this place is good for the outgoing-loud-social set, but for the money, I'd go to one of the more solid sushi joints, and use the money you saved to go to a real club, if that's you're thing.
1	WATCH OUT!  Keep a close eye on your receipt and keep your signed receipt.  Case in point, I dined there with friends and we split the bill.  I gave money to my friend and they left the tip on their bill (large bill for the table).  The waitress mixed up the receipts and he signed mine and vice versa.  Nikko knows that they made the mistake but they will not fix it.  They want my friend that lives out the country to call them and pay them the money to fix the mistake.  Ridiculous! Food is overpriced and customer service stinks worse than a piece of sushi left in a hot car.Nikko you have now lost a loyal customer and all of my friends...I will NEVER dine there again on principle that you refuse to make things right.  Instead of Nikko...I recommend Pisces Sushi in the metropolitan or Ru San's.  Try the tempura fried oreo's at Pisces...delicious!
2	I don't think I'll be coming to Nikko again.If you are looking for fresh sushi at a good price, this is not the place to attend.  The prices have definitely been up since the last time I came through a few months.  Understandable in that they have overhead costs and a declining customer base, but the way to remedy that is not by having poorer quality fish and questionable service.  Came here late on a Friday night because a friend from California was in town and from what I recalled of this place, it was a nice hotspot at nights--lots of music and girls.  This time the music was blaring and there were a handful of co-eds.  The music bumping was a complete disconnect from the dining experience.  If the bar is packed and party people abound, it would make sense; however that was not the case.Sushi was generally overpriced and the portions were definitely smaller.  I've been to plenty of sushi spots in my lifetime to know what is solid--this place, not so much.Service was fine.  The guy was attentive and stuff like that...but I don't know about you, but hate it, hate it, hate it, when they try to upsell you and it's too obvious.   Upsell being a way for the server to get your bill as high as possible so they get a bigger tip.  We had plenty of beer, but he kept asking if we wanted more beer, perhaps more rolls, perhaps hot sake, I thought he was pretty much going to try to push anything so that his tip would be bigger.  When the server reeks of desperation upsell, it brings the dining experience down since his focal point is no longer customer enjoyment, rather it is how much cash-money he can put in his pocket.  I'm a sucker for pretty girls...maybe I come here again.  This time there was only one cutie at the bar...Place is pretty dead on a Friday night, hoping its better during the week? ;/dmo out
2	over priced and overrated
5	The best!
4	Nikko and I go way back to the time when the restaurant was located in the much smaller space in the building just north of the current location, which is in the pink high-rise on South Boulevard. At that time owner/sushi chef Joanna was there most of the time and I dined often at the sushi bar for the spicy tuna roll, the "Trust Me" roll as well as the "Super Crunchy Roll". Since then, Nikko has expanded into its current huge space with a full bar and lounge area. The menu has also expanded to include many traditional Japanese dishes as well as sushi.I recently had a quick lunch here on my own and enjoyed it. The sushi rolls were good as usual and the salad with ginger dressing is always pleasing. I look forward to returning soon, but I do miss the intimacy of the original location. Still, I'm glad to see Joanna doing so well and it's great to have good sushi in the neighborhood.
4	The scene is nice here and the sushi is good.  Lots of energy here.
5	OMG the Salmon Crunchy  Roll is a must order.  If a  lively up beat seen for a restaurant is what you are looking for, then this is the place.
5	Upscale place to eat some awesome sushi.   It is worth every dime you pay.. And the Saki Bombs are the BOMB!  They really want all of their guest to enjoy their visit here at Nikko.  Hands Down the very BEST sushi bar on the east coast so far!  I love this place..  A couple of times a month I load up my girlfriends and we head down 85 to Nikko for some world class sushi..
2	I wanted to love this place because it's in my backyard, but I have been here multiple times and never left feeling like it was a great experience.Food, drink, and service is average...but the prices are above average...so they have that going for them I guess.Around 8PM they turn on deafening club music on the weekend, so you may leave here feeling like you have tinnitus.
1	The owner is a total b!tch.. She ordered appetizers for our large group of 17 people (at no ones request mind you) and tacked on another $400 to our bill. We were blown away.. The servers were great but we've never had a more unprofessional experience at a restaurant!!
3	My wife took me to Nikko a couple of years ago really nice atmosphere great sushi with good service. We  haven't went back so it's a little difficult to assess how good Nikko is. We plan to take another trip.
2	I order the rainbow roll where ever I go. It's basically a california roll with fish (Salmon, Yellowtail, tuna) drapped over it.  I was so disappointed by what I recieved at nikkos.  Only half the rolls had fish drapped over it and the other half had avacado. This is not a cheap place and I felt shorted that they cheaped out on half my fish. I have gone to this place for a long time. It's a beautiful restraurant. The service is always great. The food quality is always good. I am so dissappointed that they have started to cut corners.
5	Thank you, Nikko, for the best sushi we've had in a while! We felt special from the superb valet parking service to...well...the superb valet parking service when we left!We sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed a lovely sampler platter last Saturday, including sashimi, nigiri sushi and a tasty slightly spicy tuna roll.  For a couple of hungry people, the Sushi/Sashimi Omakase is a great value at about $36.  We also shared Age Dashi Tofu with Shrimp, served piping hot with an amazingly rich (almost beefy) dashi broth.  House sake is good.This place has incredible atmosphere, and is a great 'night out on the town' place to go.  Decor is gorgeous and modern.  We were dressed pretty casual, but didn't feel under-dressed.  The sushi bar is fun and lively - and the prep line is impeccably clean and orderly.  Fish is fresh-fresh-fresh.  The chefs are well-trained and conscientious.  Bravo to the ownership and management.Friday and Saturday nights, if you are in the restaurant around 7:30 or 8, you will feel a transformation as the lighting changes and the DJ starts mixing.  It gets LOUD.  But it's fun.  Nikko has great energy!  This is one of Charlotte's best.
1	I ordered the Salmon with Gorgonzola Sauce for take out. I notice the bill and they've charged $1 for "to go". WHAT THE HELL! I've NEVER heard of anyone charging extra for a pick-up order. Even if it's a delivery, I can understand an extra charge. What was even more annoying was that the packaging was lousy, cheap Styrofoam!! Not even worth a dollar.Now for the entree itself. The cook (notice my use of the word cook, not chef) had to be blind. That's the only way the fish could have been so overcooked. It was like a hockey puck. DRY and BLACK. The menu claims that the entree has mushrooms and asparagus in it. Again, the blind cook probably just put double the amount of mushrooms instead. For a pricey $22, this was the worst entree I have had in Charlotte. Two thumbs down.
2	First impressions: cool place, great atmosphere with lots of energy (didn't mind the loud music)... great potential right?  Wrong... the sushi was just average and the wine list was horribly inappropriate for a sushi restaurant.  I left feeling like this is nothing but a "scene" - everybody puts on their party clothes and we all pretend the food/wine is great because this is not your typical boring restaurant, so we give them a free pass.  But in a town as big as CLT, we should expect more.  Its not good enough to just put a DJ up front and spin dance tunes... you gotta follow it up with quality food and wine.  Is that too much to ask?  Expect more Charlotte!
5	I love Nikkos!!! Been going here since it was in the small venue across the parking lot!  This place by FAR has the best sushi!  The chefs are amazing and the owner Joanna is always there ready to keep the energy lively.  If you want cheap smelly raw fish then please go elsewhere.  You get what you pay for here! SUSHI LOVE!
3	Great food...ok service, but the music was way too loud. We were yelling at the table just to try and talk. Make up your mind. Are you a dance club or a sushi bar?
5	I have FINALLY found amazing sushi in Charlotte.  I moved from NYC/ NJ and have been dying to find quality sushi around! A little pricey, but what great sushi isn't?  I am a happy camper.
5	Nikkos! I really enjoyed this place on my first visit! The atmosphere is neat, and the owner is a ball of fun.I started the night off with a cucumber martini, it was strong but good.Then a friend and I ordered some rolls. I got the Dragon Roll, and TNT roll. So yummy, I enjoyed my rolls very much and even had to sneak a grab of my friends!Later we shared the ORIGINAL XANGOS CHEESECAKE (Rich, smooth cheesecake with a slightly tangy finish rolled in a melt-in-your-mouth, flaky pastry tortilla. Served with a side of ginger ice cream.)  Um, yum! I really enjoyed this dessert.I will be back at Nikkos soon!Check them out!http://www.nikkosushibar.net/
3	Ok, so I'm going to lay it out on the line for you. I've been to this place twice. I visited the first time when I was in town to see my best friend. I lived in San Francisco at the time. For starters, the place looks amazing! It is very nice and left a nice impression on me for Charlotte. The pros: The sushi is ok, but not spectacular. It lacked on presentation for such a nicely decorated place and for the prices. We are paying for the experience, right? I can get the same thing from any fast food sushi place in the city (SF). Still, the atmosphere is pretty chic, and I was enjoying time with m y best friend... then it happened. I started to notice the paintings/ pictures all over the place: of the owner... ok, so a bit vane... then it happened! She grabbed a mic and started singing karaoke in the middle of the bar, trying to get the people to clap. People were going along with it too. I was like "wtf" is going on! Is this a circus? Am I about to see people swinging from the ceiling? No. She sang one poorly sung song and that was it. It was completely out of place. One word: major vanity. Visit 2: The food was the same. We ordered sashimi and got nigiri: not a big deal, just leave the rice off.  The bill was way too high for 2 people. It was over $100 pre tip. This is way more than any sushi I have paid for in Northern California. So my rating system for this one?One star b/c that's mandatory, one star for the ambience, one star because I'd probably go back simply for the atmosphere... and as long as I'm not sung to karaoke style.
5	This place was GREAT!  Food was amazing.  High quality service.  Cheap prices.  Large quantities.  Strong drinks.  Definitely a high recommendation.
4	When I worked in South End, this used to be the place my coworkers and I would go to when we wanted sushi for lunch. Prices were reasonable and food always excellent.If you do go for lunch, I would suggest walking there if possible. Otherwise, you have to park on the 3rd or 4th level, then take an elevator to the first floor. Side note: They must do excellent dinner/weekend business because that place was always nearly empty when I went at lunch.
1	I made a reservation at Nikko the past weekend through OpenTable, but when showed up at the restaurant, the lights were off and it was closed.  There was no mention of this on the restaurant's website and additionally I was able to book a reservation on OpenTable.com.  So there I was, with a date, at 7:00 pm with no where to eat- a GREAT experience for me and my date.When I emailed the restaurant asking for an explanation, I was told that I must "have the wrong location."  Of course I was at the only location I know, in South End.  They placed blame on me rather than taking responsibility for being closed after I had made a reservation.  I can't comment on the quality of the food or atmosphere, but the management.... extremely poor in my opinion.
1	I heard great things about this place and opted to go last night on date night with my wife.  We made reservations through opentable.com and showed up...only to find it was CLOSED on a Thursday night!  WT...  I really wish someone would communicate that.  Fail!
3	Our server was on a different planet.  The food was just ok.  The sushi bar in the epicenter is way better.
3	Sushi is good. Not very many drink specials.
1	This was the worst food I've ever had. I ordered to-go and not only did they get my entire order wrong and the food was awful, they charged me double for it. Do not recommend!!!
4	While visiting a friend in Charlotte we stopped here for dinner. She had been there several times for lunch and said the sushi was rather good.  I am a picky sushi eater since I don't like my fish to smell fishy (I know it is a quirk) and I must say it was fresh and tasty!  We had both ordered the bento box, chef's choice which included coconut shrimp with a tasty citrus cilantro flavor and not overpowering with the coconut, Kobe beef strips with mushrooms, 2 dumplings, and 9 slices of sashimi.  It came with a miso soup which was also delicious. Everything was just delicious including the lychee martini!  Would definitely recommend and am staying at 4 stars for price reasons only although I understand lunch is much more reasonable.
4	Enjoyed a ladies night dinner at Nikko - when we arrived at 7:30 the restaurant was still pretty empty, but it quickly filled up as the night progressed. I enjoyed the Pear Saketini, they have a long cocktail and wine list. Sushi is ordered by filling out a paper menu and giving it to your server, anything else that you want to add is ordered verbally (seems like a strange system to me, but it worked out fine.) I usually order the same thing at any new sushi place I visit, so I can compare against other restaurants,  I ordered the Philly roll and the Shrimp Tempura roll - both delicious. The Shrimp Tempura roll was the best I've ever had - the tempura breading stayed incredibly crispy in the roll, which was impressive. My friends were all impressed with their rolls as well.They have valet parking, or some designated parking spots on the 4th floor of the garage.I'm looking forward to returning in the future and trying some of their other offerings.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would!Until Friday night Nikko was my favorite place to dine out in the Charlotte area. My kids knew it was "Mommy's favorite restaurant". We went here for birthdays, date nights and special occasions - never leaving with a bill under $300. In the past my friends and I got a kick out of the antics of Joanna the owner. However, Friday night I was appalled! She was obviously high on drugs! She started off repeating herself and not leaving our table after my husband and friends ordered Saki Bombs (she had 1 too - like she needed anything else to add to her buzz). Joanna then proceeded to pick several pieces of sushi off our platter, eat the fish off, spit out the rice - guess she's on a diet and watching her carbs - and put her 1/2 eaten saliva covered food back on our platter with our uneaten food. If this were not disgusting enough she ate 1/2 a piece of sushi and shoved the other half into my friends mouth!!! I was appalled to say the least and went to the hostess stand to get the manger. When I returned to the table she was hanging on my husband asking him "Why you married to such a bitch?" Carter, the manager, had Joanna removed from our table and hopefully sent home to sober up. We did not see her again that evening thank God! Our very embarrassed waitress and the manager handled the situation very well. Thank you to them. Joanna - thank you for ruining my birthday dinner! Thanks to you, I will be finding a new favorite restaurant!
4	A large group of friends went to Nikko on Saturday for a friend's birthday.  They did a great job accommodating us, especially since we had such a large group and it was a Saturday night.  I tend to get really overwhelmed when ordering sushi for a number of reasons. First off, there's so many options. Secondly, I know what I like, but always want to try something new. Thirdly, I either order way too much food or not enough.Saturday's decisions were made mainly off of the name. Sounds ridiculous, right? I ordered the Dancing Queen and Drunken Salmon.  The Dancing Queen is "steamed asparagus and spicy tuna topped with spicy guacamole and tempura chips".  It was delicious.  I will give this roll credit (or blame?) for morphing me into a dancing queen later on in the evening.  The Drunken Salmon was very light and described as "salmon toro marinated in Grand Marnier sauce topped with radish sprout with a side of creamy jalapeno sauce.  I loved that the creamy sauce came on the side rather than being drizzled over the salmon.  The sauce was great, but it was good to be able to control how much of it was used.  There's always such a great energy and vibe going on in Nikko.  Good music, good people and great staff.
4	New Year's Eve - We appreciated the valet on this cold night. The sushi was great and we both agreed, freshest we've ever had. We ordered the sushi for two boat and although New Year's Eve was slammed, packed, and almost to standing room only, we had our meal in only about an hour. [The soup and salad were both delicious. A+ on hippy, casual, chic atmosphere.]
3	Nice modern hip looking place. Attractive customers and I felt I was in for a treat.I sat at the sushi bar as I had to get my fish fix. I travel a lot and good sushi is usually something I look for. Hard to find however...I ordered the sushi/sashimi omakase which leaves it up to the chef to choose what you get. My only stipulation...no mackerel! Now what I got was fresh and delicious with good portions, but sadly, for the premium price of this meal, I got the same old selection; tuna, salmon, shrimp, eel and a whitefish. I was hoping for some octopus, yellowtail or even pay extra for some butterfish (which I've only had once at Ki in Toronto and it's like buttah baby!). The roll was some lame spicy salmon or something like that with fake crab filler. I never usually order rolls but if I do I love the rainbow roll. I'm all about the fish.Sake was Ty Ku black which is always good and dry. If you want to drop some sake cash, try the Ty Ku white. Sake and sushi, love love love.For what I got it deserves a solid 4 stars but because of the lack of imagination and even weak presentation, I give it 3 starfish.
5	Love to eat at Nikkos.  Very delicious sushi and atmosphere is perfect.  They need better parking but we always get valet anyways
4	I'm back to write a review for lunch! I love a good sushi or bento box lunch special. Nikko's sushi roll lunch special includes two rolls (not just the most basic, there are probably rolls to choose from) and a salad with their delicious ginger dressing (they claim it's the best ginger dressing in Charlotte, and it is pretty darn good!) for twelve bucks. Can't complain there! The restaurant is definitely quieter at lunchtime too, so it would be a good place for a business lunch or to have a long lunch with friends and actually be able to have a conversation. So now I can say I would recommend Nikko for lunch AND dinner.
3	Nikkos is always a solid choice for sushi, but I am a more adventurous person when it comes to sushi rolls. They have great salmon sashimi, however it is 6$ for two pieces so it can get pricey really quickly. The place has decent service, but except a wait on Friday/Saturdays. They also have a DJ Friday and Saturday nights as well as free valet service so you don't have to try to navigate the parking garage.
1	terrible service, atmospher,  food, beyond overpriced!!!!way too over-rated place!!!!  will never go back.....stay away folks!!!
2	Went here on Friday the 28 for business lunch, the greeter didn't greet us , maybe because we were dressed casually , but our offices won't be hosting meetings or events here. They weren't busy but obviously under staff, took 15 minutes just to order anything . I ordered an Asian salad originally but it was the worse salad I've tasted it had no flavor, and loads of raw cabbage with chicken that was supposed to be marinated in sake? Tasted like processed deli lunch meat. Reordered the teriyaki chicken and it was dry and flavorless as well. Coworker ordered chicken curry katsu, salt overload. And another ordered Korean style ribs . That was good we all shared it being that own meals were unsatisfying. Too many other good sushi spots to pay the outrageous prices here. Go elsewhere. Poor service and poor food. Maybe their sushi is better. I didn't want to wait another 40minutes to get a roll.
4	I recommend Nikko's. The sushi is good and the atmosphere is awesome. The waitstaff is good, but the bartenders could speed it up. Sometimes the restaurant gets pretty busy so we will order drinks while we wait on a table, but it can take a little while sometimes. Very cool place to go with friends. Make a reservation if it's going to be a group and you want a good table.
5	Really nice modern looking place with a magical atmosphere and amazing food. perfect for social gathering and late dinner as well.  the service was excellent and not to mention the sushi. definitely coming back!
4	The food here is amazing. I wish it was more affordable because I would come more often! I'd describe this place as somewhat upscale, very trendy and great for late night. The drinks are goooood but pricey. I love Korean beef and it is sooo delicious here. The sushi is always good too and now I want to go back...bye.
5	We decided to make multiple sushi stops and Nikko was our first one.  We showed up about 7:30 and the place was in full swing.  You need to know that at night Nikko becomes a club scene.  Not really my scene, but I wouldn't dock them any points for it because that's who they are.  We sat at the sushi bar, which cut down some on the scene.We ordered the VIP Roll, Omega 3 Roll, and a spicy scallop roll.  I don't think I can pick a favorite.  Each one was wonderful.  The sushi was fresh, the rolls were original, and it was all delicious.  So many unique items, such as jalapeno miso sauce, went into the rolls.  There are other rolls I would love to try.  Will have to return.
2	The employees were very nice and paid good attention to our table.  I do have to say that i didnt like the food.  I eat sushi at least twice a week and have an idea of what its supposed to taste/look like.I ordered the tuna nachos and I didn't like them.
4	Good staff and good atmosphere. Pretty good sushi too. I think the atmosphere is what people like more. But overall, a good place.
1	I like this place. Good atmosphere and good sushi. The reason for 1 star is that it is advertised as gluten free friendly. My sister has celiacs, so to double check we called to make sure. They said yes! We are! When we got there (after ordering a bottle of wine) we were informed that there was not options for her. When we talked to the manager, he got a really big attitude. Bad experience. It's just frustrating that they market as friendly, but have no options. Educate yourselves.
4	I love sushi.  I think this is a great modern restaurant in a hip and up and coming area of the city.  For starters I stopped by the bar to wait for the rest of my party.  I had the cucumber crisp martini and it was so good.  The bartender cautioned that it was mostly vodka with some muddled cucumbers and a little simple syrup, so that makes it not too sweet.  It was so refreshing and a great start.  The bartender was also fabulous and had I not been meeting a big party, I would have dined with him at the bar top.  When our party all arrived we were seated and ordered a variety of apps.  The calamari and beef tataki were my favorites.  The calamari is flash fried with sauce drizzled on the top.  It has a touch of spice to it and heat on the back end, which I loved.  The beef tataki was seared perfect, but it did have some cajun type spices on the outside which I wasn't crazy over.  But the sliced cucumbers on the plate with it were amazing.  They were drenched in ponzu sauce and if I had been at home I would have licked that plate!  For the main course I chose the Christmas roll (topped with shrimp and avacado) and also a few pieces of nigiri.  Overall the food and service was great.  Everything is decently priced and in keeping with other sushi restaurants in the city.  The atmosphere is great and we went on a Sunday, which wasn't too crowded.  But during weekend nights I can see it getting quite crowded.  Overall a great place for food and drinks!
4	Very good sushi. One of the best places in town. It is bit overpriced. Atmosphere is very trendy, but we have been coming here for years, so we are used to it. We get annoyed when the music is turned up way too loud. Can feel some tension between the owners- they are both on the floor overseeing the business. The woman owner is sweet, but acts like a star and thinks people come there to perform. Really, we don't...
1	Underwhelming. Disappointing. Overpriced. Overrated.Parking: Valet only or blocks away - every parking area/structure near the entrance is private parking.Wait time: none, which was nice. But we had to ask for everything. For small plates, for the little soy sauce bowls, for water.... everything. Nothing was really anticipated of our needs.Drinks: ordered 2 martinis - one gin & one vodka - we got 2 gin martinis. sent it back and received a smaller vodka portion than the gin martini which had been 3-4sips inWe didn't find one thing on the "specials menu" that sounded appetizing (mango was in more than half the dishes)... and even the basics for sushi did not seem all to great.SUSHI:Edamame - deliciousDragonfly roll (spicy tuna, crab/avocado & asparagus flaw fried & plated with spicy teriyaki sauce) and didn't find any tuna in any part of the rollGodzilla roll (California Roll topped with Spicy Tuna & tempura chips) the spicy tuna on top was more like a minced tuna paste as if it was the soup part of the bottom of the bowl the was scrapped together.. very little tuna, way more paste/sauceBest Tip about this place: meh... no wait time? it was a Saturday night at 7pm and only half the place was filled.
4	Great rolls. Really loved my sushi. First place i tried in charlotte was terrible. Nikko redeemed charlottes sushi for me!
2	The only reason why it's getting 2 stars is because the good is actually good here. But the service has been absolutely awful this evening. Drinks have been forgotten. The waiter forgot to put in our birthday girl's order. When he told her that he forgot, they STILL didn't put it in. When they realized they messed up, they stopped coming to check on us. The drinks were not up to standard. Needless to say, this used to be a place we come, but won't be back anymore. Surely disappointed in the evening.
4	A great place for a business dinner when you want to impress friends from out of town or a nice dinner out with the wife! Great sushi, the best edamame I've had.
5	I absolutely love the Sushi here. The rolls are great and the service is always excellent. The sexy salmon is to die for! Each time I come I try a new roll and I am always impressed. It's definitely a place I would go over and over again.
3	Sushi was wonderful, plenty to choose from. Entrees were creative and fairly well done, however overpriced.  Atmosphere was trendy but the music was so loud that conversation was impossible. As the music would fade or lower you could hear everyone yelling at each other (it was kind of funny actually.) Our server was very nice but slow.
4	This place moved so be careful when your routing here. A nice modern, upscale Japanese restaurant that is located near the city. You can tell this place is popular at night due to its location and stylish bar. Our waiter was nice and friendly and the seating was very spacious. The food they serve here ranges from traditional Japanese food to modern surf and turf rolls. We ared the Chirachi, calamari, cowboy roll and a California roll. Upon first glance the price may seem a bit on the pricer end. However when the food arrived we noticed they give you a lot for your money. The rolls were not small and you could tell the quality of ingredients used were fresh. The caliamari had a nice sweet and salty aioli sauce.  The chirachi had big cuts of sashimi. The california roll was fresh. The cowboy roll which I strongly recommend for $18 is a friend shrimp tempera roll topped off with thin slices of sashimi fish and smoked beef. Though Im usually not a fan of surf and turf, I have to say this roll worked out extremely well as it was well balanced. Overall this a nice place to go to anytime. What would make this place better is a better lunch special. If you come here and your not too hungry perhaps just get a drink and the cowboy roll. I promise you its very satifying. CHeers!
4	The ambiance is really nice. I could definitely see myself coming again. We are off the lunch menu and everything was really good and fresh. Service was very attentive. Prices were also very good. It was my first time here and I will certainly be back. My only criticism is they put way too much dressing on their house salad. It almost turns into soup. But the dressing itself is really good.
