5	I go to Five Guys all the time. I like the regular fries and my girl likes the cajun. We asked the cashier and they were very nice and let us know you can order some cajun seasoning on the side and apply it to your liking. Hope this works for you!Five Guys is the best! I used to think In-N-Out Burger was the bees knees but my opinion changed as soon as I was introduced to Five Guys. Anyone who is unsure about a new chain in this area should really take a friend (or two) and try it. You won't regret it!
3	The burger and fries are both very good. I would have to say the food is way better than In N Out. I still prefer Smash Burger over 5 Guys though. My main complaint about 5 guys would be that they have to many tables smashed together which makes it very difficult to navigate the dining area. If you are handicapped in any way forget being able to get to a table without having to ask the other patrons to stand up from their meals and move out of the way. Even at that you would have to move the tables as well.
4	I'm so happy that this Five Guys opened here!Five Guys is a great place to get a burger. The base is a delicious patty, spiced and cooked with good flavor, inside of a hamburger bun. From there, you can choose an array or toppings or none at all. Once you order, you wait until your number is called and you go get your food.It can be pretty heavy, so it's not a frequent meal I partake it, but when I do I enjoy it very much so. The Cajun fry's are delicious. There is no reason to order anything other than a small. They give you a cup-full inside of the bag on top of your regular order.
4	good burgers and fries with generous portions!
2	Lets start with the positives.  The staff here is super friendly.  Everyone behind the counter is in good spirits and looks to be enjoying their time as much as possible during work hours.  They also have free peanuts upon arrival, much to the like of the Teakwoods bar establishment in the valley.  Those would be the two positives encompassing the lack of just wiping the floor with Five Guys and giving them the one star rating.I ordered the normal burger, which is actually two patties as opposed to the little burger which is just one patty.  I added the bacon, grilled mushrooms, grilled onions lettuce, tomato, and light mayo. I made sure to ask for light mayo, because there does not need to a gallon of it on my hamburger, like most places in town like to garner.  Of course I am going to try the french fries, so an order of those went on the bill to conclude.  After a short wait, I collected my order and proceeded to survey the land. The hamburger is tasteless, there is no other way to say it. It is not good. Its not an opinion, this burger is just plain garbage.  Perhaps the staff could take the half gallon of salt they are putting on the fries and move a partial amount to the meat, because there is quite simply no seasoning and thus no taste. Ah yes, a nice treat, my light mayo was in fact slathered all over the top and bottom of the bun, always fun to take the mass napkins given to me to deconstruct the burger, wipe off superfluous mayo and return burger to original state. I took two bites and through the burger away, its just not good.The fries are decent, I suppose. Maybe I was just really hungry from not eating the burger I had such high hopes to enjoy.  So much for Five Guys, total bust.Note of review, the establishment does happen to have those cool tech soda machines that let you mix all sorts of different soft drinks together. I made a 50/50 coke zero lemon/lime mix.  Take my advice, avoid this place and make the trek to Zinburger, you will not be sorry.
2	I have been sick and was really craving a burger and fries.  I have been driving past the new Five Guys on 44th and today seemed like the perfect day to try.The service was actually really good and the employees were very friendly.  Also, just a side note they have the really cool new Coke machines that allows you to mix flavor into your fountain drink as seen on Food Network.The problem is the food.  We got 2 burgers, hot dog and fries.  The fries I thought were decent but over salted.  The hot dog was nothing special and the burger was a let down.  I was really expecting a in-n-out style burger and walked away with a smashburger experience.  All Hype no follow thru.  I was also shocked that a place that prides themselves on their burgers and relying on one product they don't ask how you would like it cooked.  Even when ordering a burger at Chile's I am asked how I would like it doneI have to say I was surprised, seeing as they are Zagat rated I was expecting a lot more.  The concept is fresh, clean and I like the peanuts you can munch on while you stand in line and wait for your order.  Just overall I think they need to improve the quality of their seasoning and style.
3	The Hype doesn't live up. This is not the first Five Guys Ive enjoyed(there's one less than a mile from my house), but decided to review this one. I will start off by saying I enjoy 5 guys. I think they have a good tasting burger, fries, and hot dogs. I don't think they live up to the hype though... I like that they give you the options of what you get on the burger in regards to condiments(onions, lettuce, jalapenos, etc) (Which this isnt a new concept "having it your way" though)Hotdogs cut down the middle to lay flat on a bun works well, but just doesnt seem the same (not sure why though)My big complaint is the price. I think it is way too high for what it is. When a hamburger cost 5 plus bucks. Fries are close to $3. and the drinks are $2 Lunch gets expensive quick. The other, when they wrap the burger or hot dog they seem to squish the burger and when you unwrap it, it looks like a linebacker wrapped the thing and its all squished together... My search for a great fast cheap hamburger continues... but I will eat here again.
5	the customizable soda station gets 4 stars alone! But then I had my burger. Delish! The bun was toasted but also super soft which doesn't normally work but it was perfect! I'm not normally a big fan of fries, could take them or leave them, but Five Guy's fries are sooooooo very good!!!! I'd never heard of this place until the other day when I was in Phoenix with my boyfriend. He suggested it and so I said "what the heck". So glad I made that decision. Then I go on the website and find out they have locations in the Seattle area! This could be very good or very bad depending on how you look at it. One suggestion, if your appetite isn't very large, go with the Little Burger. My boyfriend has been here before and warned me ahead of time. It was very good size on its own so I'm glad I didnt go with the regular one. They also give you tons of toppings options at no extra charge. All in all, can't say anything bad about this place. They even have peanuts you can munch on until your order is up.
5	love this place! great food and great service!
2	Five Guys, like Smashburger, is based around a marketing plan that involves intentionally high prices and telling the customer they are receiving a higher quality product.On one hand, the fries are great, even if they are your sodium intake for the month. The burgers, on the other hand, are so-so. Not bad, mind you, and they are definitely fresh and custom made. They're just not that great. They remind me of something I would pull off of the grill in the backyard. For the money, I'll just go to In-And-Out, save a few bucks, and get a better burger. Still, if you've never been, you should check them out at least once if for no other reason than the fries and awesome soda machine.
4	Amazing Burgers... Bad FriesI absolutely love the burgers here. Theyre very juicy, cooked just right and they have a wide aray of options for building your burger. Personally, I like putting the green chilli peppers on my burger. However, every time I order the overpriced fries her they always turn out soggy and greasy which is a big turn off for me. Although I often just order it to go and eat the burger at home with some chips or a side dish to complete the meal. When you order you can expect to pay a pretty high price relative to other burger joints and the wait is longer than average.
3	This is an unfair review based on pricing and the menu.  More of a heads up.I hear good things about this place, especially for a chain, so I decided to stop by for lunch.Unfortunatly, I also decided to leave before I ordered.Two reasons.  First is price.  A plain burger is $4.  With cheese and goodies you are running up towards $6, which doesn't include fries.  All in all you are looking at $10 - $12 for a "combo" meal which is something they don't offer.I like to eat so I was looking for some sort of double but I didn't see one on the menu.What I did see (second reason coming up...) is that they cook all meat WELL DONE.If I'm going to spend that much for a burger and fries I would like to be able to order it how a burger should be cooked (which is meduim or medium rare if you didn't already know).Recommend "The Grind" or "Delux", both a stones throw away, and both do burgers right.  For a burger and fries, either will run you about the same amount if you forgo the tea and get water.  Both are Local to boot.There's my two cents.
1	Simply awful.  We had heard a few people rave about this place, and now I wonder if they were dropped as a baby or how they got this brain damage.  The "cheese" is this awful petroleum grease product with yellow color.  That was the worst of it, but nothing was good at all.  And crazy price to boot.
4	The burger was pretty darn good, but the fries are superb. They are fresh, cut thick (between steak fries and Belgian Fries) and are tasty, unlike In and Out's thin, greasy, flavorless fries. Oh, the soda is excellent too, perfect mixture of water and syrup.I would go back just for the fries and soda.
3	Most people love their hamburgers but I am a fan of their hot dogs!Their regular burger is pretty tasty and is a double patty. Their small burger is one patty and definitely enough for me.I love the fact that you can put all kinds of toppings for no extra charge. It really gives you an opportunity to experiment with different toppings every time you go. However, the pricing is a little on the expensive side for being hamburgers and hotdogs. Not too expensive....just like 10.00-12.00 for a "combo" as they sell things separately.Overall, once in a while I crave it and do end up coming back.
3	The burgers are...well okay.  The best?  Naw.  The fries are good, but are way too greasy!  I'm sorry but if the grease has soaked through a brown paper bag, that's just nasty!  The soda machine is awesome though!  I like the fact that I can make a custom soda just for me!Five Guys is way too too expensive in my opinion.  $20+ for 2 combos.  But you do get a lot of food.  Is it worth the price?  Not really.  I'll go down the road to Pete's for a Monster Everything Burger, Fries (with special sauce) , and a 32oz drink.
2	I don't get it.  EVERYTHING I hear is that death cannot happen before downing a burger from this place.  OK, it's not bad but I felt like I needed a good artery cleaning afterwards.  I could've squeezed enough grease outta this meal to lube the chassis of my truck.  Gimme an animal style at In N Out any day.
3	Spent $50 for a family of 4. In & Out is just as good and under half the price.
2	I wasn't super impressed the first time I tried Five Guys, so I figured I'd give them a chance to redeem themselves.  Alas, I'm still pretty "meh" about them.  Burger was okay, but the fries are SUPER oily.  I know it's peanut oil, so it's supposed to be better for you, but seriously, by the time I got home, the paper bag was pretty much soaked through.And, side note about this location, overall very clean, but no toilet seat covers in the restrooms?  What are we, heathens?
2	I have eaten at two locations and they are good burgers if they are close by, but not worth hunting for
4	I've been hearing a lot about Five Guys' burgers, but they have not yet reached Bakersfield, CA where I live so this was my first experience with them.A sign next to cash register tells you where today's potatoes are from (Rexbury, ID  Brown's Farm).  That is just too cool.  They actually keep track of the potatoes?  It gives me the impression they take great care with everything else, too!There are free peanuts in the shell; help yourself to as much as you like!They have the good kind of soda machines where you can choose a variety of flavors or  mix and match.  My favorites are the Sprite Zero in raspberry, vanilla, peach, strawberry, and grape!  See, I TOLD you there were a lot a choices!There is a predominance of red and white in their decor, especially in the checkered patterns. The black ceiling with scarlet duct work  looked great!  There was very loud music playing catchy tunes. (Pretty Woman was one of them)  The smell wafting through the restaurant is amazing A regular hamburger comes with two patties, and a small comes with a single patty.  The hamburger was thick and juicy and tasty!  TheCcajun fries were the best seasoned fries I've ever tasted!  I'm going to be dreaming/fantasizing about them for a long time!There is quite a variety of customers in the restaurant.  On the day we were here, there was a  national guard unit wearing camouflage uniforms, there were young twenty something's tatted up, older couples with gray hair looking like they were heading off to the country club, and me and my coworker who were in town for the weekend doing a live broadcast of a national dance competition (just call me twinkle toes).   Apparently EVERYBODY knows that this place has the best hamburgers in town.So, what are you waiting for?
5	Five Guys you woo me with your delicious burgers and fries! The burgers are fat  juicy, flavorful and delicious! These burgers are old school Midwest diner type burgers.....Greasy the way a burger should be! I don't know what the problem is in AZ The burgers and Fries are excellent! The service at this location has always been fast and friendly. These are awesome big ole greasy burgers! GO EAT ONE!Side bar (Debbie S) Post your review once not on every location that you have never been too that is just plain RUDE!
4	The concept behind Five Guys takes fast food to a new level. I call it "Premium Fast Food". After all, plan on paying about a 40% premium over the scarf and barf places that are on every corner. But there is a reason to pay more. Five Guys is labor-intensive. They employ actual people who are friendly, fun, dedicated and efficient. Where the Arcadia store finds these people is a mystery but I'm glad they do. The menu is very simple. They sell burgers with one veggie and one cheese sandwich option and a hot dog. That's the menu. When they say "Burgers and Fries", they mean it. Instead of a smashed mess with a quarter-inch thick piece of mystery meat in it, Five Guys delivers quality meat, hand formed patties, hand assembled while you watch and a real human touch with others lack. But I can eat and enjoy a Bacon Cheeseburger there and be stuffed, not wondering what is going to get me through the rest of the day. It's darn tasty, too and worth the drive out of my way. Also, if you want to delve into the health aspect, this is much healthier fast food in terms of fat, calories from fat, sodium, etc. The customer is in charge of what goes on the burger, too. Want to cut the sodium, order without the bacon. Simple choices. I also love the Coca-Cola machines which are self-serve. They offer a myriad of soft drinks you can't buy in stores like Lime Coke and Raspberry Coke. Mmmm.
4	I love me a good burger and 5 guys doesn't disappoint.  The burgers are ok for the price but the fries are a MUST order.  A regular order can feed 2-3 people because they don't skimp.  As a whole I would give this place 3 stars but they earned a 4th start for their online ordering system.  No waiting in line for this gal!
4	My first ever Five Guys experience was at this location. The staff was quick, friendly and efficient. They had customer service down to a science. the food was great and the drink stations never lacked in anything. The only problem was with the seating...it was hard to move your chair and not accidentally bump into somebody else. But I think it was because I visited this place on a weekend.
3	Nearly 11 years ago or so, I was traveling through the midwest and there was a little hamburger joint in a run-down building that was near my hotel. Free peanuts and unlimited free toppings was unheard of back then and the burger and experience was memorable. A decade later, five guys just started popping up everywhere and it became famous, so I was back trying those burgers and fries again and hoping to recapture that grey day years ago in the midwest and have another great burger. I always like rooting for the little guy, but Five Guys is not little anymore, they have made it, so whether or not I root for them anymore doesn't matter a lick.   I ordered a Little Hamburger and fries and the meat is still fresh and the fries still have that skin on (although way oily) and the peanuts are still available. Stores all have that corporate look and feel, but these burgers are better than other fast food chains. It's not legendary, but not overpriced either at about 4 bucks for a 1/4 pound burger. Still, the best part of Five Guys is throwing your peanut shells anywhere and everywhere. Yep, it's the small things in life that make me happy.
4	Okay Five Guys....You've won me over since the last time I partook in some meatygoodness that is a five guys burger.  Our food wasnt as Gr---easeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy (In my best Paulie Shore voice) as it was last time.  Our canjun fries were nice and crispy.  Well, at least the food didnt seem as greasy.  Though my lack of a gallbladder would have said differently about 30 minutes later.  Thank goodness Target and Burlington had clean bathrooms!  O_o  EEK!  :P
4	This is my in n out burger joint. This place is sooooo good. The burgers are juicy and tasty, and the Cajun fries are delicious! My favorite. I wish they had a better serving style for eat in the restaurant rather then eating out the bag. If you haven't tried this place I recommend you do. You won't be disappointed.
5	Came to this location for the first time this afternoon. I was impressed ,nice red,white, and black decor.Food was about $20.94 ,for 2 Burgers, one fry and one drink.We ate it there,but outside. It was a beautiful day, so good to sit outside.They even provide Peanuts on the table so while you are waiting for your food to be cooked you can enjoy cracking peanuts and eating them. Bathrooms were nice and clean, as I went to wash my hands before I ate.Place was clean, even outside.Food was fantastic!  the bun should be toasted it would not fall apart so easily.Free refills on drinks. Their drink machine is very different in looks, but works great!Fries were fantastic, we were going to get 2 but, the girl working said one was enough for 2 people. It was the regular size and it was enough for 2.We enjoyed it and will go back again for sure.
3	A good, consistent burger.  Their fries are great!  Kinda pricey...
1	I am updating my review and taking Five Guys down to one star after my most recent visit. I found that they had raised prices yet again and had reduced portion sizes. Few things anger me more as a consumer than this double hit in the wallet. Burgers appear to be smaller but the fries are noticeably smaller. The cups they use to hold the fries are about one third smaller and the "extra" fries they toss in have been cut by half. For the burger, fries and drink I had, the bill was just under $18. I can go to a sports bar I like in Scottsdale and have a selection of sandwiches with plentiful fries, a bottomless soft drink and with tip get out of there for less than my Five Guys bill AND have someone serve it to me on a plate. Raise prices OR shrink portion but don't do both. This tactic offends me and my wallet and I doubt if I will be back.
5	So it was my first time trying 5guys and..... It was AMAZING! period.
3	The epitome of American fast food. Using Red and White to induce hunger in their patrons, much like In N Out or MacDonalds. The unfrozen, hand shaped patties being fresh and large is a huge plus though, winning this place multiple "best burgers" around the country. And they are shy about telling you that either. Signs hand all around the perimeter of the store with various awards for best burger, fries, etc... they have received from small independent newspapers in their various cities. The ability to customize your burger with their ingredients list... Here is where the place stands out! With a fantastic list of toppings they dont charge extra for, and few they do. They also kick In N Out's ass with the lettuce they use in a Lettuce Wrapped Burger to save the carbs. Their lettuce rounds around the burger perfectly and is nice a crisp! For the lettuce wrap burger lover, this is your suggestion!Of course, because of health reasons, this place can't receive higher than a 3 star though. You understand.
1	As much as I like Five Guys, I just got home and there was no meat on my burger... How can you be a burger place and forget the most basic necessity. Very upset that they forgot to put the hamburger on to complete the burger. Everything else is on the supposed hamburger, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, ketchup, mayo.... But no meat...
5	This location was very nice. . clean and the food was great. But what this 5 star was the hospitality of Jerry,  he was cconsiderate and I'm blessed tht .and im know that people and most of all eployees such as him that have consideration and compassion still are out there. Anyone can make a great burger, but for me, Jerry made this enough for me to keep returning and bring my friends too. that's what makes it 5 for meBtw im no way affiliated with this place but feel that if you want to be treated well and know your food is good try this location
5	Excellent customer service from every staff member and clean. The burgers, of course, are amazing every time.
4	Stopped in for a first visit to this Five Guys today, joined by Robyn N.  I went with a regular (large) Cheeseburger with their preselected "All the Way" toppings of mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, mushrooms, pickles, ketchup & mustard, plus a "Small" (not small) order of skin-on fries.It was noisy in there, in typical Five Guys fashion, but the food was delicious & we had a good time.     :-))Cheeseburger $6.59, Small Fries $2.49
5	If we're in the mood for burgers, this is our go to spot. We've never been disappointed and always impressed. The fresh sliced raw jalapeno is a nice option. The fries are perfect. So far 5-Guys & Smashburger are the best burgers we've had in Phoenix. We're always searching for something better, but so far, nothing has beaten the Five Guys experience.
4	I ordered the double cheese burger with pepper jack.service was slow for a fast food  the burger was nice and juicy with plenty if flavor.  The size of fries eas overflowing for a medium .definatelyvwill go back
5	Wow so today I informed the cashier about the last mishapAndShe was actually the General Manager for the storeShe seemed truly concerned about it And she gave us a free mealHow nice of herWe didn't expect it but she didGreat job, Christina
4	If you're in the mood for a good cheeseburger this is the place to go!The menu super simple. There's lots of way to customize your cheeseburger with a whole bunch of different toppings.On a side note make sure you only order a small burger if you want a single patty or regular burger for two patties.Learned that the hard way. Two Patty is just too much meat.I do think they need to add Sriracha to their topping list. ;-)
5	This location is perfect came in and waited for 25 minutes they accidentally forgot my order the management was very sincere about the mistake and recovered my order very well. I love this location friendly and real!
5	Love it!  2patty burger cut in 1/2 is enough for 2people!  I've heard comments like "its not flavorful meat"----but, it's a TON of flavor! It's just all natural!  If u want GMO-burger-paste goto macdonalds.  Thank you 5guys...for good service, great burgers & fries!
4	This place is great for when you want something fast but don't do fast food!  It had a 50's diner feel to it, really nice employees and fast service.  The fries are freaks cut and fried in peanut oil which I really like, and the burgers come in two sizes so you can get a smaller one if you don't want a monster burger... But they have those too!  They also have just about ever topping for a burger you could think of...  No drive thru, but it's worth it to run in and grab to go or stay and eat a minute.  The music is loud and sometimes a little annoying depending on what is playing;)...   Just say no to crap like mcdonalds and come here instead!
1	WARNING:  PEANUT OIL used for fries!  My son has allergies to both egg and peanut so he was unable to eat here.  They use peanut oil for the fries and the buns may contain egg, yet the staff was uninformed and unable to find out!  Because they had a reputation for a good burger, my husband and I went back another day without our son to give it a try.  My husband's hamburger had NO MEAT! We are done....never again!
5	Double bacon cheeseburger simply delicious. (Should have ordered the little one) The fries are the best I ever eaten. Hot, fresh, and perfectly salted. You can tell that the people working there enjoy what they are doing & that makes the food taste even better!
5	Don't get me wrong the bugers were great, perfectly cooked, Five Guys strawberry was good. But it wasn't mindblowing. Now I say the location in front of the flatiron building is more fun looking than being packed like sardines in a resturant. But it was still fun and the line was long but moved fast. Would recommend for a quick cheap bite. Fighting people for a seat will be neccasary, not impossiable.
5	This was the 2nd  Five Guys Burgers and Fries  we visited on our recent trip to AZ. Their was a line but not too bag, had a double  Five Guys Burgers and Fries  burger and a chocolate shake. You have to eat Shake Shack at least once when in AZ
4	Good for convenience foods, and far better than it's worldwide counterparts! Fabulous for kids!
4	Burger juicy, with chips made in a different way. Place full all day, but it's worth all the queues and the competition for a table. Recommend.
