4	CK's is a real find in the SE valley. Warm, friendly, yet vibrant. And... live music! Th. through Sun., check out the bands while you relax on the patio (no smoke there). What a way to unwind.The service is very attentive. For example, when greeted we are usually asked, "Are you here for a particular game?" checking so that we can be seated accordingly. The wings are great (try the Chipotle Raspberry-- seriously!) and the burgers are big and juicy. They also offer a wider assortment than typical sports bar fare, such as Mexican specialties, salads and seafood.
4	CK is a great place to have around. We been there a bunch of times and never disappointed.Every single day they have drinks special, and some day food special. Like today is Blue Moon Pint $2 C'mon!!! Its great.Food is also excellent. Fresh, tasty and sizable. I favor their Special K sandwich - it really is very good. Ask for them to wrap it for you instead on the bun. Good stuff.They have inside and outside areas. Inside has 2 pool tables, bar and bunch of TVs. Outside is a nicely sized patio with a TV or 2. They do not mind if you smoke outside. Just a note - parking lot is usually really full and it may take you a bit to find parking. All in all CK's is a great place for lunch, dinner, watch a game and/or have a few. "I like"Eugene
4	This place is pretty great and it doesn't hurt that it is walking distance from my apartment. Really good food with more variety than normal bar food.  Great beer specials.  There is a band that plays Thursday nights and they mostly do covers of songs that are fun to sing along or dance to.And...they have NTN.  What more could you want?
5	Dig it!!!Love the food. Go with the Reuben! The rings are a good bet too. K runs a sharp shop and all her staff know what they're doing. Thanks for keeping my personal beverage handy when I visit.Might need a few more sets on game nights.
4	My best friend swore by this place after she went the last few weekends, so we decided to hit it up on a "girls Sunday morning out". We went just after 11am (when they opened)- she ordered off their breakfast menu and had a tasty breakfast burrito, with a side of hash browns and a bloody mary while I decided to just go for lunch and get a meatball sub with a side of tots. Mmmmmm. Food was delicious. The staff was great as well, every single person working there said hi to us at some point in the hour and a half we were there. The bar itself has the "hole in the wall" feel to it, which I love. Nothing too fancy- neon signs, arcade games, and an outdoor patio. They have the handheld trivia games and flatscreen TVs inside the bar as well as on the patio.
4	My family and I love this place. Yummy food, great service, kid friendly, rarely a wait, great prices, nice beer selection, food always comes out hot, and people around you are having a good time. The boneless chicken with raspberry barbecue sauce is so so yummy!
5	Dynamite place!  Solid food with 1/2 price apps from 3-7 and 10-close weedays.  Live music Thursday-Sunday starting at 9ish till close.  All you can eat fish fry (cod or perch) on fridays -$10.95.  Great staff and very attentive service.  Big patio, but tends to be smokey.  Tons of television with sports programming. Free wi-fi.  Daily drink and food specials. Tuesday is 1/2 price wings and $2.50 monster (25oz) domestic drafts.  Family friendly.
5	Since my last review, I've been to this place several (maybe 20) more times. They have live music (with no cover) on Thursdays-Sundays, which has proven, without fail, to be very entertaining. They also have free wifi so you can bring your laptop and get some work done while you eat. The place is generally very quiet on weekdays during lunch, so it's convenient to sit in a booth and actually get some work done. Really can't think of a negative thing to say about CKs. Actually chose this as a venue to throw my boyfriend's birthday party on a Saturday night. Can't wait!
4	It's not easy to blend being a good bar, a sports bar, a live-band bar and a place for good food. But CK's manages to do it.My last trip here was for a birthday party over the weekend. It was packed, as usual, but they had no trouble accommodating the dozen-plus of us that showed up. Our waiter was fast and remembered every order. I'm still puzzled how they do that.The band was great. I've heard 3 - 4 bands here. They always seem to rock. Well done, whoever does the booking.In fact, it was such a good time that we're going to have #evfn here on Friday night!
5	I've been to this place a few times and I wish I lived closer. It's a great place to hang out, the service is excellent and what food I've tried is really good.The bands I've heard there are good, too. There are a couple of pool tables and the patio area is misted so the summer heat won't be too bad.We had our #evfn meetup here tonight and they arranged an area just for us. The server Katie managed everyone's separate order (as far as I know) without mistake, which almost never happens. Great job!I'm sure we'll be back again.
5	I have been to CK's several times. The service is great, and the pub grub is some of the best. We had the raspberry boneless wings for the first time last night, and they were awesome! A little breading, good raspberry sauce, with just the right amount of heat.Good service, low prices, and big portions. Like Debbie, I also wished I lived closer.
4	I liked this place!I got the special kPulled pork, in spicy bbq sauce, with coleslaw and pepperjack cheeseYUMI thought it was delicious for bar food. I'll definitely come back.... just seemed like a very chill sports barYay!
5	I LOVE this bar. My first visit was in 2004 when it was known as Bar Nun. I'd just moved to AZ and I was drawn in by the neon green light and funny name. Little did I know it was the beginning of a love affair. Since I didn't know anyone yet I went by myself and sat at the bar. The staff was friendly and so were the patrons. Some of the patrons turned out to be a little too friendly, and the bartender, Jennifer, insisted that the barback walk me to my car to ensure my safety. As if that wasn't enough to make a fan out of me, I found out they serve $2 Blue Moons all day Saturday and the food is awesome!The burgers are great, and you can order them rare if you like. I also became addicted to their BBQ chicken sandwich. And the wings. They'll grill them instead of fry them for you which is a bonus. In fact I don't thing there is anything that I have tried and disliked here.Thursday-Sunday night they usually have a pretty decent cover band. Usually classic rock or 80s stuff. They also have NTN and a ton of TVs if you're into sports.I was so in love that when it came time to move from my apartment, I made sure my new house was within walking distance. Not that you'd need to walk, (since half the year it is hot as hell even at 2am I can see why you wouldn't want to walk) they offer a free ride program on the weekends where they'll pick you up and drop you off. That way you don't have to worry about Sheriff Joe and wearing pink undies at Tent City.Wow, I kinda wanna move back now. CK's I miss you!!!
5	How is it possible I've never done a review for CK's yet?  I live right next to it and eat there like once a week and had a huge birthday bash there... whaaaaaat?   Wow... so anyways.. here's my review.GO THERE :)  done.Srsly tho... awesome food... the friday fish fry kicks ass and isn't expensive and you can choose between cod and perch.  The breakfast burritos and stuff are good and they have some pretty decent drink specials... only one I remember off hand is $2 Blue Moon pints all day Saturdays... yum!The live bands are always good, two pool tables, bunch of flat panels everywhere you look, huge outdoor patio with misters and TV's again, and they even have some arcade games towards the back.Staff... always friendly... never had one person in there be bitchy or short or anything... very nice crew they got working there.  I see a TON of regulars too meaning there's some good local culture in there.Anyways... had no idea I've never done a review for them yet... sorry CK's! lol...   I'll see ya in there!
4	I have to agree with the other reviews.  Consistently good; not great but steady.  Friendly place, lots of TV's.  Never really had a bad experience.  Good bands; good food.Didn't know about the breakfast burritos - I'll have to check that out and Yelp back.
4	The owner wrote to me the day after my review - nothing like owners that pay attention to what their customers have to say.We need a new category to rank owner/manager responsiveness - how about it Yelp?I'm amazed at so many places that get Yelped and yet no one at the restaurant seems to read the reviews....what a waste of great customer feedback.
2	Ate there with the fam a couple of times food was good, customer service sucked! Went there SAT to try and eat dinner with my 20 yr old niece after she got out of work like 10pm and they wouldnt let us EAT there because you needed to b 21 to set foot in there. The guy in the front that asked for ID was VERY rude and because of this experience I will never set foot in there again myself or with my family. I am going to let everyone I know the horrible experience we had and not ever recommend this place to ANYONE.
4	I've been going to CK's for a few years now, and it's a friendly and fun sports bar. They have several tv's inside and outside, tuned to all the games you want to watch. They always have good specials and drinks different nights of the week. They offer great bar food at great prices! I've tried pretty much all of their appetizers, and can't say a negative thing about any of them.The wait staff is always a lot of fun and prompt. It seems like they enjoy working there.
5	THE very best wings!! The raspberry-chipotle wings are unreal. If there is breading on this, I can't tell! Tastes like premium white meat chicken that is cooked to perfection.Truthfully they are so good, I have yet to eat anything else at this place and have been going for years. The beer is served ice cold and the wait staff and bartenders are very friendly.This is a great place to hang out and catch a game.Doesn't matter if you come with a group or roll here solo, this place serves up quality food at great prices...especially  happy hour!
5	Yep.
3	Last night was my first night at CK's Tavern & Grill.  The place was packed which is a great thing for any business in our current economy. That tells you a lot about it.   I have to say the Staff was outstanding! The food was good not great but good.  The issue I had and could only give it three stars was the fact that we were put in a room for #EVFN and children were allowed back in our area.  Now #EVFN is not a private event but it's not exactly kid friendly.  I think i would have liked to have seen something that stated the room was reserved for a group.  Husband and I both noticed we had to talk louder because the children were yelling around us.  We ended up leaving as soon as our meal was done.  I'm  not a fan of children screaming in my ear while they play games and I'm trying to dine.  I definitely will give this place a try again because the menu items were very interesting.
5	I have been a fan of CK's since they opened! (Actually was a fan of the previous business as well, Bar Nun.) The food is always incredible. Always have a great time there, and the music is fantastic!
3	Upon my friend's urging, I ordered the raspberry chipotle wings. Unfortunately, I had them finished off on the grill. Although I do like this done on some wings, I feel that they lost some taste. My friend lives around the corner from CK's and always talks up the wings. The wings are pretty damn good though.
5	This place kicks serious ass.  We went on a Friday night and, while I expected it to be busy, I sure didn't expect this.  There were TONS of people here.  It seemed like everyone knew everyone else and that everyone was just there to have a good time.  There are easily a dozen tvs on the wall in the dining area.  They have tons of beers, arcade games, and pool tables.  There is a nice patio with tvs and the servers are great.As for the food, I only tried the raspberry-chipotle wings and the beer fries but both were great.  They don't charge you for ranch and don't screw you by making you order a minimum number of wings in a certain flavor.  You could get a dozen wings in all the flavors if you wanted - now that's how it should be done.I don't usually go to this part of town but this will definitely become my new hangout when I'm in the Tuk.
4	Since the husband and I have finally decided that we've exhausted our choices of restaurants in PHX (mostly due to me being so finicky) we have pushed our restaurant search a little further out of the city.  This search led us out to CK's Tavern and Grill.My first impression was that this place was nuts!  There was a rather raucous crowd on the patio watching the Suns game, and everyone seemed to be having a great time.  Inside wasn't much different, with most tables being occupied, but a couple were quickly cleared off to make room for us.  We only sat down for a minute or so before our super efficient server came by.  I really like watching servers and seeing how they do their job, because frankly, there aren't very many good ones anymore.  This girl was awesome.  She didn't do one single thing without doing three others at the same time.  If she was bringing our drinks, she was also bringing the check for the table next to us and the drinks for the group on the other side.  She was awesome.  It actually seemed that most of the other servers did this too.  They must do some awesome training camps here or something.Anyway, we each ordered a dozen wings, I got the honey and I tried the husband's raspberry chipotle.  We also got an order of beer fries just in case.  The fries were great and super crispy and we got a big fat side of ranch with it.  The wings were searingly hot and when I finally got to bite into them, they were pretty good.  The honey one's are literally just that, honey.  It was a nice alternative to the heavier stuff.  The raspberry chipotle sauce was pretty tasty, but not my favorite.  Meanwhile, after I ate most my wings, I decided I wanted more fries.  They were no longer hot, but surprisingly, they were still crispy and tasty.  Sweet.We will most certainly come back here if we're in this part of town.  When you group a really fun atmosphere with a million TV's and awesome service, you definitely get my vote.
4	I visited CKs last Saturday as a family event after a funeral.   It was a fun time, decent food, and a relaxing atmosphere.   Our group took up most of the entire restaurant but all of employees were very accommodating and helpful.    The food was good and service at the bar great!    If I lived closer I would definately visit more often.
5	Please allow me to begin by saying that all my reviews are category specific, meaning that if I believe this place is a sports bar/pub, I'll rate it according to my relative standards for such an establishment.  That said...This is a fantastic sports bar.  Big screens, cold and lots of beer, GREAT food, and good service.  While Cassie and I are not regulars, we have been more than 5 times now, and have yet to be disappointed.  When here, please try:  Raspberry Chipotle Boneless Wings - yes, as good as they say, and deserving of the "franchise" tag; Spicy K Barbecue Pork Sandwich - delicious w/ flavorful BBQ sauce and cheap!; Hatch Burger - spicy, w/ flavorful beef and cooked to order; Barbecue Cheddar Melt - fantastic!!!; BBQ Burger - if it's slathered in BBQ, it's delicious!; Beer-Battered French Fries - especially good w/ cheese; and Onion Rings - crispy and tasty!My opinion is that these burgers are better than Delux Burger's...  Let the games begin.
5	I have been going to this place for several years and it is just awesome! The food is amazing (The club sandwich and fries mmm) and it is a great place to hang out and have a few beers after work. The wait staff is always friendly and the live music is awesome! Keep up the good work CK's!
5	Wow. So I drive past this joint all the time and go, "A local bar. I should go in some time." I realize they are active on Twitter and whatnot, which is really cool.Tonight I finally made it down there after tweeting to them to leave a TV on the Coyotes game for me. Not only did they do that, but the dude that apparently monitors the social media for CK's was actually expecting me and introduced himself to me. Do you get this kind of personal treatment at most any other place?No, you certainly do not. It's like a modern-day Cheers, except no Woody, which is actually a positive. I always hated Woody.Good food, good brews--they have Molson Canadian on tap, which earns them an extra-special place in my heart. Nice people. What else does a bar need?
5	As Debbie W said... "I wish I lived closer".  I tried the Hatch Burger, this spicy treat was perfect and smothered in cheese and hatch chili sauce. But the one thing that really made my night was the Chipotle Raspberry wings.  I thought I was in heaven eating them.  By the time the Hatch Burger arrived I was full so the burger didn't get the full attention it deserved.  I tried a taste of hubby's beer and well it was also very good, I just can't remember the name of it.  I have to say if I lived closer we would be there at least once a week for burgers.  Much better then where I usually end up.  Excellent job tonight!  You guys rocked it out of the park and I really enjoyed it.
2	Totally edible chain restaurant food. Nothing exciting.
4	This place is super close to my house so I visit pretty regularly. Tommy and Nick are two of the awesome servers usually out on the patio and I always have a good time with them as my servers. Sunday nights they have  $3 you call it's which is always a blast. The food is also pretty good... my favorite are the chili cheese fries. If you're younger like me (22) you may want to stray away from Friday or Saturday nights... since most of the local Ahwatukee cougars are out on the prowl but it does make for some interesting sights if you do venture out on these nights... but I prefer to stick to the weekdays. All in all a good place to hang out, catch the game, or shoot some pool! GO!
5	We love taking out of state guests to our neighborhood Cheers bar aka  CK's in Ahwatukee for the fabulous food and a nice outdoor seating area. The raspberry chicken is my husband's favorite and the burgers are excellent. For a nice family setting (no frills) with excellent food and service at a reasonable price, you can't go wrong.
5	Again, my favorite spot in Ahwatukee for the last 10 years! The food is always great!
3	Nice change of pace from Native New Yorker, but the food just isn't as good.  WAY too many smokers on the patio, so you can't enjoy the nice weather unless you are breathing in cancer fumes.  Saw pregnant woman drinking here, and question bartender ethics (she was actually double fisting a beer and wine).
5	CK's Tavern & Grill is a great place to grab a good meal and watch the game.   The staff is friendly, helpful and quick.  Sometimes the place can get busy, because it is a popular local hangout, so if you are in a hurry, just let them know and they will give you the extra attention.   Good place for kids, because you won't worry about them making a little noise, or messing up the place.  Later in the evening it's a great place to stop by and meet some new people.
5	My home away from home. Love this place. Great drink specials, great servers! Highly recommend.
4	Nice local bar.  Good wings, i tried the chipotle sauce and can say that its delicious.  I also have tried the slop burger and its a better than average burger.  They have some pretty fun bands.  Does not purchase ufc ppv.
5	I have honestly never had a bad experience here.The wings are the best...lil secret...request to have them put on the grill to make them a lil extra crispy!  The fries are so crispy, crunchy and hot!  Had the opportunity to enjoy the Bloody Mary bar where you fix up your own with all the fixins'.  You basically get a glass with your choice of poison and you fix it up with the juice, hot sauce, pickles, peppers, etc.The servers are awesome!  Never have to wait for anything.  They are on top of it there.  It appears they enjoy their job and you can tell by their service.Man wish I would've gotten up earlier and went and got me some honey bbq wings!!  Well let's see it's 230am now...9 hours from now I can have me some of those wings!!  Ok...go to sleep wake up and go eat wings! That's the agenda for tomorrow!Price is moderate that's if you drink beer and the time of day you go because of specials.
4	Recently moved back to Ahwatukee and hadn't been into CK's since it was Bar Nun years ago. Have to say the food was great and portions were BIG!! Raspberry chipotle wings are great and the Bleu Cheese burger and Hawaiian Chicken Sandwich very tasty! The staff were all great as well. It felt like it took a little long to get our entrees but It was a busy night because of the NBA playoffs and we had a 4 y/o with us so that could have magnified the wait. The only issue was that the bacon on my sandwich was forgotten by the kitchen. But since I didn't realize it 'til I was halfway done and stuffed anyway, it wasn't that big of a deal. 5th star next time when I get the bacon...ha. All in all a great neighborhood bar and grill that has good food and makes you feel right at home. We'll be back for sure....and probably often!!!!
5	I have finally joined Yelp and need to make it a priority to share my thoughts about CKs.  I have been going to CKs well over two years now.  I used to be a regular (until I had my baby) and try to make it back to CKs every chance we get a free night.  First and foremost, the staff that works at CKs are amazing.  My boyfriend and I have developed "friendships" with most of them.  They all are very attentive to their customers and make you feel welcome.  Second, the food is unbelievable.  I have had almost every item on their menu.  Some of my faves are the veggie burger, the chicken tenders (because they will dip them in the raspberry chipotle sauce if requested) and any of the salads!  Our food has ALWAYS been served hot and has never been more than a 10 minute wait.This is the one and only place I will watch football on Sundays!  There are so many tvs and the Sunday football crowd becomes almost family.  I am a huge Bears Fan and the Bears game is usually on in the patio area with sound (there are many Bears fans that have become family on the patio).  The breakfast on Sunday mornings is also fabulous!  I couldnt think of a better way to watch football.I like that CKs is a casual place that includes good friends and good drinks.  Anyone that lives in the area should make it a point to stop in here and enjoy the good times!
5	Good food, great sliders, great bartenders, service is fantastic
4	Really good service.  Food prepared fast and was pretty damn good.  We went on a Friday and it was busy but not crazy.  The reviews are accurate.
1	This bar is what a Walmart plus a Benigan's (old school bankrupt TGI wannabe chain restaurant) version of a bar would be. The whole place has this strange odor... The food is all fried, oily or piled on with a bunch of different sauces and marinades... The drinks are cheap but you get what you paid for. Their wells is the $3 per bottle generic ghetto brand. So, their drink specials are not worth drinking since it will taste like watered crap. Check out the Maricopa Health Dept Restaurant Review website - this place has had major violations - ex) having outdated food in their fridge and brown slime mold around the soda nozzles at the bar. Disgusting.It's too bad that there is no cool lounge or bar in this area and this is the only bar that most locals like to go to. But hey... most people's expectations in life must not be very high if they frequent this place. Oh and I want to state one last thing: If you WORK at CK's you can't CHECK IN and become the DUKE. That's double dipping. It's pathetic that you want outside attention for just showing up for work.
4	Nice place to grab a cold one and listen to some live music. They have everything here that you need to drink...Red Bull to Vanilla Vodka, and lots of flavors of Carbonated Malt Beverages! The band was Rug-Burn and they played some killer cover tunes. There was a wide variety of clientele there, from early 20's Hotties, to some seasoned veterans. Overall a good time!
5	CK's, why did it take so long for me to write a review on you?  Perhaps I have taken your awesomeness for granted.  I am always critical of neighborhood bars.  Read my reviews, I'm critical of everything.  Believe it or not, I've even been called an asshole.  The thing is, I really don't have anything bad to say about this place.  I hope the owner/manager reads this because the only way a local bar survives is with repeat business, and you sir and/or madam, have earned mine.  I will now use my college education to cite with examples:Here is one thing you are kicking ass and taking names at Dirty Harry style. (did I fire five chicken wings or six?  In all the confusion, I have kind of lost track myself)  Daily specials.  Not only are they awesome, they never change.  Nothing pisses me of more than expecting something, driving down, and it is different.  I have been coming in for quite a while on Tuesday nights with one of my friends.  We always order the same thing (by the way, 40 cent wings on Tuesday and HUGE beer for $2.50...bring that shit on) That leads me to your servers.  Usually, we are lucky enough to have the same one, and she is frigging awesome.  Knows our regular order, walks up, takes the menu's away, jokes and says "I know what your order is!" and brings it.  (extra buck or two on the tip just for that) Even if we have another server, they are always polite, attentive, and friendly.  Not coming up every 5 minutes bothering me or being non-existent.  Seems like they wait until you are 75 percent done with your drink and THEN ask if you want more.  Perfect.  They attack with military precision few possess.  Longest I think I have probably ever waited for my wings was 10 minutes.  Maybe.Had a family birthday party here a few months ago on a weekend night and they made things VERY easy and everything was organized.Still on the subject of the servers, seems like there is virtually no turn over here and the wait staff seems like they actually enjoy their jobs, not like my job and unlike some other bars where the employees are bitchy and seem like they would rather stab you in the throat than take your order.  CK's does not possess the bitchiness and violent tendencies as previously described.Other good points condensed in cliff note form: -Bands 3 nights a week with no cover.  Awesome.  -The video games actually work.  Nothing pisses me off more than cramming a few dollars into playing big buck hunter and the fucking gun is broken.  Or golden tee and the goddamn wheel is lopsided.  The "claw machine" actually has prizes you can win that are big enough for my dogs to at least have more than 5 minutes tearing up before I have to take it away.-pool tables aren't crooked or ripped up felt.  All required balls are present and accounted for (it is amazing how many bars think two or three balls missing is acceptable)-Bathroom is free of the typical "lake of piss" found under urinals or the crapper.  Also very little graffiti on the stalls.-I don't think I have ever seen a dirty table here longer than 60 seconds.  Nicholas Cage can't even steal a car that fast.-Patrons here seems to have a much lower douche bag ratio than most neighborhood bars.  Still there, just lower.-They serve Pabst cheap (honestly I can't drink that ghetto piss but my Dad loves it and that is why he comes here)-They have that awesome trivia shit on the TV's.Bad points about this place:..............I'll edit this if I ever come across any.  Until then, this section stays blank.  Keep up the good work!
4	CK's is in our neighborhood and we have gone several times. It's pretty spacious, even when is full it doesn't  feels crowded. They have TV's everywhere. The patrons ranges from bikers to families to rabid sports fans.The food is your typical sports bar food. The fries are pretty good, I've had wings, burgers, and they're OK. I don't know why, but my wings usually barely have any sauce on them. I'm sure though that I could have asked for extra sauce no problem.The service has always been great, friendly and fast.All in all I'll give them 3 stars for food and 5 for service.
5	Voted BEST in the area for everything! The Raspberry Chipotle Boneless wings are SO Yummie! . The menu is varied-- whtever you are craving , it's there. The portions are more than generous; you won't leave hungry! The kitchen is open late---The staff is very friendly and attractive. We really enjoy the live music at CK's-- especially Chuck E. Baby and the All-Stars--
5	CKs is... always awesome.Great, friendly servers!  Great atmosphere.  Very Good food.This is the place to go to!  5 stars.
4	For a two-month period this Summer and early Fall, CK's was a remote office as well as a Saturday night hangout for me. Fond memories, actually.Good: Very good wifiSnappy serviceSports-bar menu itemsGood patio where you can smoke cigarsLive music! (including a band staffed by employees of Fender Guitars)A fairly good place to meet new people (I found).Not so Good:Sports-bar menu items (and not much else)Limited parking (at times)A good place in the neighborhood, and one of the few things that tug at me to return to Ahwatukee.
4	Great Place. But They need better Wings.
5	I love CK's. Their happy hour specials are great, service is awesome, and food is tasty. Try the adovada pizza...it's goooood.
4	CK's was a fun place to have an early Saturday night dinner.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that they have Happy Hour prices on Saturdays.  We ate on the outdoor patio, which was nice but does allow smoking. The BBQ pork sandwich I had was very good and the staff was very friendly. For Happy Hour or a fun night out, CK's is great.
4	Short and to the point:Excellent Happy Hour "half-off" prices on appetizers, and all of them we chose were good-to-excellent.My son and I got a TON of food, and I drank a Bloody Mary, and with food to take home and two very full tummies, we paid $30 including tip.  Prices are reasonable to say the least.Gonna take the kids back again on another Friday.Parking kinda tight in the busiest times.
5	25 oz Monster Domestics $2.50 (Happy Hour), Boneless Rapberry-Chipotle wings that are unreal, and fast and attentive service.  I've been coming here for years and it is as good as the first time, every time!
4	Once again, CK's hits the mark!  Go for Happy Hour, and order the raspberry wings grilled..tasty!Also get the Southwestern  Dip and chip great with a tall Fat Tire!A nice atmosphere out on the patio...
4	Right.  Solid.  Great sports bar.   They used to sponsor my buddies' softball team and so we would always go over there afterwards and drink.  They gave us so much free beer.  Pretty much went every Friday evening for a year.  Great wings, good food in general, tons of TVs, huge bar, huge outdoor patio and even a couple of pool tables.   The live music on Friday nights sometimes annoyed me.  Old people seem to be attracted to this dance floor and the music was just too loud to talk even if you are seated at the opposite end of the restaurant from the band.  Yes, I realize that is an ironic statement.  Whether you are going to watch a game, have some strawberry hot wings, get hammered, or just to dance with some old people on a Friday night, you can't go wrong with CKs.
4	Since we discovered CKs we probably eat there at least once every other week. The food is consistently fantastic, the bill is always reasonable, and the service is fast and friendly.
4	Honestly, I love to dance and have been here a couple of times just for that reason.  I also am a 'lovely woman' of a certain age and just don't feel comfortable in a place frequented by a majority of 20 and 30 year olds.  I do like that age, don't get me wrong...but notice the word "majority".  Anyway, I digress. What I'd like to point out is that the crowd is a mix. Yes, there are people older than 30-ish and that's why I love it.  I decided to spend my birthday dancing the night away and that's the place I chose.  When I called them about reserving space for myself and my zumbalicious friends, they were so kind and reserved the space.  They didn't even mind the birthday cake we brought. The staff is great and the fun is plentiful.  They have pool tables as well. The food is okay; I'm probably not a great person to review the food since I've only eaten there once.  We go mostly for drinks and dance. (We're in walking distance..)  ANYWAY, check it out. You'll be glad you did.
5	I should probably have reviewed this alonggggg time ago.. because honestly, this place is my Cheers. Except...not.. really haha. I usually come here every day after work, unless I am really busy with school or something. The regulars that come here are awesome, same with the servers and bartenders..basically everything about this place is amazing...oh but of course, I can't forget about their rasberry chipotle wings and their hamburgers.. SOOOO GOOD.. just thinking about it is making me drool..attractive ;)Oh by the way, they have amazing choices for whiskey and a day just for whiskey drinks! (Thursdayyy!) Another reason why I love this place :)
2	Nothing special, standard sports bar fare.  Probably better as a hang out spot than as a restaurant, which is what I was looking for.
5	A really nice neighborhood sports bar. Sitting out on the patio was really nice with the perfect spacing of heater. Watching the staff interact with everybody it was obvious that this is definitely a regular hangout for many people.
4	I LOVE the raspberry chipotle boneless wings! Fun place to go watch a game, the staff is always nice -  and Chuck E Baby plays on Friday night for dancing. We enjoy this place a lot!
4	Great sports bar in the area with good food, service, and drafts. You are literally surrounded by TVs & can watch the game from every seat. The chipotle raspberry wings were really good, but the hot wings weren't all that impressive. Beef nachos were also good.
1	We ordered a steak sandwich and the raspberry chipotle boneless wings everybody was raving about.  The steak in the sandwich had no flavor, I've had better steak at a chinese buffet.  The bread was kind of nasty..  almost stale but I think its just how it comes?  The tots were the thing we liked, but how do you screw that up.  The wings were shrivelled - kind of like chinese food in a way where they batter and fry up chicken pieces that are sliced thin and then cover with sauce.  The ends were dried up chicken and batter that were more like jerky than wings.  The sauce was creative, but definitely not the next ranch or honey mustard.  Maybe a little more of a spicy kick would make it better.All in all, won't go back.  Mostly because we don't live in the area so the next time we're there, we'll try something else.  If it was in my neighborhood, I might go back for happy hour.  Their drinks looked pretty cheap and I wouldn't feel so bad about the wings if I'm paying half price and drunk.
4	Nice atmosphere and pleasant staff. Had a great time nice drink specials and plenty of space to watch the game
3	had lunch here. Pastrami was very dry. Overall not bad, but average.
5	When I am in this part of town and want amazing food, Awesome service and friendly faces CK's is where I want to go. Sad to say that Tommy Pierucki is no longer there and has moved on to bigger and better things but he will always be credited with spreading the word to me and others about this amazing restaurant.
4	Had lunch at the tavern today.  Service was excellent.  The burger was cooked as requested, medium and was good, except it was a little dry.  The french fries were excellent.  Will go back....
4	Went in midweek for lunch with a few guys from work. Place was quiet, easy to get seats. Staff were super friendly and efficient. Some of the best wings I have ever had... Try the boneless wings, hot, and "Finished on the grill"... AWESOME!!! Also highly recommend the patty melt on marbled rye with sweet potato fries.
4	Great service! Tasty, well prepared food and good variety. Buffalo fries nice and spicy! Service started out ok but s,owed a little towards the end. Fun upbeat sports bar.
3	Pretty decent sports bar in Ahwatukee. Their food menu is decent but not earth shattering. I haven't been disappointed by anything but I also haven't had anything that was really memorable either. Ok beer selection but they have good daily specials that make it an economical place to have a meal and beer. Lots of TVs around the place make it ideal for catching sporting events. They frequently have live music and it is frequently mediocre. Not a great bar but definitely one of the better ones in the Ahwatukee area.
4	Every time I go there it seems to be about the same great atmosphere. Excellent service, cheerful wait staff, clean restrooms, tables and the selection in live music is awesome. I always recommend any of my friends to this place when we want to hang out, have a few drinks, eat or watch the bands. Only thing I would say is not that great is the parking. It's extremely tight and your car will get dinged.
3	Alright, nothing special. Service was very good for how busy it was.
4	My favorite place to get a cold one and wings with friends when paying Ahwatukee a visit. $2.50 Blue Moon Saturdays, anyone? They always have fantastic drink specials basically every night of the week. The live music line up is just . . . meeehhhhhhhhh. But it sure is amusing to watch the Stepford Wives of the 'Tuke try sooooo hard get their dance on in their 16-year-old's clothing when you're hammered. :)UPDATE 12/11/2012:  Blue Moon is now $2.75 . . . still a great deal!
4	Stopped in for a drink while killing some time. Service at the bar was fast and friendly.  Didn't try the food, but if I was in the area, I would go back again.
4	The raspberry chipotle wings were fantastic. I ordered the patty burger which was good but not something to write home about - a sauce would have made it perfect! Service was great and every TV was tuned in to sports.
3	I've been here on several occasions to watch sports with my boyfriend and whoever else is with us and so far this place still is just considered "A-OK" to me. The food really isn't all that great consistently. Last night we got some wings that we're small, barely had any meat on them and basically were bone dry. Their fries were really yummy and we also got a meatball sandwich which was good. Whenever I've gone its been a hit or miss with the food. Also whenever we sit inside we get great service..outside however not so much. I think the waitress forgot about us the majority of the night.  I think overtime I could easily become more fond of this place, its always clean and the staff is friendly. Over all its a pretty good sports bar.
5	Best place to go to for wings booze and good times! Very friendly environment. Staff is amazing. The honey hot wings are so yummy with a side of bleu cheese and ranch. I suggest the buffalo chips with everything. Happy hour is 7 days a week and well worth it. It's always a good time at CKs.
4	I went to this place because the best wing flavor award someone told me about. Chipotle Raspberry wings gives a new twist on played out flavored wing. The service is good and the food was hot and affordable.
2	Simply put.... Typical run of the mill bar food and service. Nothing special, but nothing bad either.
4	I love their boneless wings! They also have a good burger, but I wouldnt recommend their chimichanga. Good beer and good service.
2	Ck's was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. We went in the middle of the day to get wings which were honestly the worst wings. Mild buffalo was a weird cranberry sauce that was runny and didn't taste like buffalo at all. The honey BBQ was just wings with plain honey on them which was disgusting concidering the "boneless wings" we're dry chicken strips that were chewy and gross all around. There was no one there and plenty of servers who took 30 minutes just for drinks after telling him what we wanted multiple times. Didn't like the atmosphere food or people . What a let down for ahwatukee!
5	We had our annual holiday party in their back room. Great food, and service. Thanks for making it a big success! This place rocks!
5	They have an awesome selection of beer.They have live bands on the weekends.The prices are great, and the raspberry chipotle wings are PHENOMENAL...Great place to watch a game with TV's everywhere. My kids even love going there.
4	The wings are awesome here and so is the service. They should really consider taking the chimichanga off the menu though or at least make it edible. Other than that everything I have tried has been great.
4	CK's is a great place.  Lots of TV's, very good service, very good food, large portions, friendly staff.  It is simply a consistently good meal and a good price with good service.  Not a knock your socks off kind of place,...but consistently good all the way around. The live music we've experienced is fair,...kind of loud, we usually are ready to leave when they start so it works out well.  Great happy hour deals!!  I'd definitely recommend CK's overall,....even with kids,....a really good, solid, happy, affordable, quality place.
4	Had a hard time focusing on reading my book due to the rowdy crowd around!
4	Its a nice little bar/ sportsbar.  They have some pretty decent wings, nothing spectacular, but if thats what you are looking for go to a wing place.  Their buffalo fries are yummy, thats what we default to when we go there.  Pretty good selection of beer, overall its a nice place to go and hang out with some friends and relax.
5	Cheap beer, decent food, nice change of pace from all the chains around in the area. $2.75 Heineken, plus their buffalo fries and Guinness mussels are my favorite.
5	It's been quite a while since I was at CK's, but I stopped in with a friend to watch a basketball game and I'm glad to say everything here is still top-notch.The service is friendly and very efficient, as others have mentioned. The servers seem to be there when you need them without being intrusive, which is the thing every server should shoot for. The food remains good as well--I finally got a chance to try the raspberry chipotle sauce and it is excellent! Lots of local beers on tap as well.CK's is definitely a sports bar and they have a lot of nice TVs around showing any sporting event that's on TV. It's quite a social place as well, and there are many groups of regulars that frequent the patio area and the bar area.
5	Service is very good, the staff is so friendly it made me want to come back even before getting any food or drinks. Food didn't dissapoint either..boneless wings were some of the best ever..lg portion, cooked to perfection. .not the soggy, overly breaded ones that everyone else serves..just naked, white meat chicken breast strips fried up with a tasty sauce...wife has a small chef salad..now she gets this all the time at other places and you would be surprised how many restaurants screw this up.....not here..everything was fresh and top quality.....can't wait to come back here and only wished we lived closer.....
4	It was a Friday night date night and CK Tavern was the place that was picked, it was his pick and I was going with the flow.We were seated ordered our drinks, then the conversation just started to flow, our waitress came by 2 twice to see if we were ready to order and to be honest we hadn't even picked up the menu as of yet. She then told us to let her know when we were ready, and after an hour went by we took her up on that offer.I wound up ordered the Chicken Cheesy Phil with a side of fries. This was a great little sandwich, chicken was perfectly cooked, the bread soft yet firm. It also had the perfect amount of cheese too, not too little nor too much, I have to say I really enjoyed my sandwich. We wound up staying for few more hours, and I had to ask him why he picked this place because he is neither into baseball, football, basketball, and he said it was because it was close to my work. Scored him some bonus points! Haha CK's a great place to catch some games, grab a drink or just hang out with some friends, glad I gave it tried, and look forward to coming back! **oh because this was a 1st date night, I wasn't fully comfortable with exposing my Yelp Nerd yet, so no photos were taken :( haha **
5	Awesome place to have dinner and watch the game. The wing are great. I had an awesome burger.  Great place to kick back and hang out.
3	Good place to watch a game or just enjoy happy hour. Do not expect anything fancy, this place is a bit of a dive. Sticky tables and menus with crusted food on the salt/pepper shakers. The staff is friendly and will go out of their way to help you out when ordering. The tortilla soup is fantastic, everything else is typical bar food thrown in a flash fryer.
5	Simply the best. Best service, best wings, best popcorn!! Best burgers! Best service!! I go there all the time and it's great every time.
5	Can't beat this place! Excellent service, excellent food, excellent company!I've been a regular (although not as often as I'd like lately) for over 4 years, and its always awesome.  From Brenda, to Heather, to Erin and of course Kendra, all of the staff at CK's is amazing! Great place to hold a fantasy draft or just drop in for wings (raspberry chipotle grilled with a side of hot!) and a beer.  You're always treated as a VIP at CK's!
3	I'm thinking this place gets the high reviews for their awesome drink specials... definitely not the food.The drinks are always a deal, and it must be popular on weekend... it was dead the night I went.. but at least l could get some bad wings and a few beers at midnight. Barkeep was very nice too.
4	I enjoy CKs.  It's a dive but it's a comfortable dive.  The food is decent, the live music is always enjoyable, and the daily specials are a staple.  The happy hour is 3-7 daily and there are reverse specials as well.
4	Great food, friendly staff, reasonably priced, and they have great live music all the time.You can't lose!
3	I ate there with my husband on a Saturday and watched some college football.  It is a dive, but it has some nice tvs to watch multiple games on.  Standard sports bar atmosphere.  Our booth wasn't very clean, and the restaurant smelled kind of smokey.  Burgers were ordered medium and were well done, not even a little pink.  Food was ok.  It seems popular with a 50 something single crowd.  I probably would't go again personally.
3	Beer battered fries with chili was awesome lots of flavour but the wings were not very good dried and very little flavour but the service was great
5	Cks is by far the best hang out place in Awatukee.  They have a fantastic happy hour that always fills you up. Also I love the staff. I've been living on and off in tukee for the last 17 years and will always choose Cks. Look if your like me you like a good soft pretzel. I make a point to order a pretzel at any place that serves them. Cks has the best in the valley.  Its huge, ridiculous, and delicious. I love this place. Best restaurant in Tukee  to watch a game have a drink get some great food.
4	No wait at all... very cool people on the patio, and nice service.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I wasn't blown away by the food; however, was decent bar good.   My wife and I will definitely be going back!
5	Now this is what I'm talking about! My boyfriend and I have been looking for a bar and grill type place to be regulars at and I think we finally found one. Due to the high ratings on Yelp we decided to head on over for a Friday night with food and music.Our server was very pleasant and helpful. Also when we told her her this was our first time visiting she let the owner know, who came over and introduced herself! We thought that was very personable and pretty cool. It's nice that the owner likes to keep herself present which probably makes for a better running establishment.We didn't want to get overly full so we decided to share a few appetizers. We ordered a dozen medium/honey wings, a basket of fried zucchini, and a basket of their fries. The wings were wonderful! Thinnly breaded and fried and then they even throw them back on the grill. They had that wonderful grilled flavor to them. The fried zucchini was a generous portion and they were so packed full of flavor. I'm picky about fried zucchini and these were awesome. Their fries are beer battered which are literally the best kind of fries your can possibly have. Everything came out piping hot and tasted delicious.  I had water with lemons (I had been drinking soda all day...yikes) but my boyfriend enjoyed his huge beer. Also we found out they have 40c wings on Tuesday's! We normally go to Native New Yorker but I think we're going to start coming here. I just wish they had more flavors to choose from. Maybe they'll start adding some! The restaurant itself was clean and so comfortable. It's a pretty good sized place with an outdoor patio, an area with bartop tables and a third area, where we sat, with booths. The places is decorated with sports memorabilia and A LOT of tvs. I liked that they had a large variety of options playing so there was something for everyone; basketball, boxing, snowboarding, golf, hockey, etc... At 9:30pm a band came in to play, Chuck E Baby was the name I believe. They were great! They kept the audience entertained between songs and took requests as well as played some of their original pieces. Ck's website has a band schedules which is Thursdays-Saturdays and there is never a cover charge.We had a fantastic time and can't wait to go back!
3	I've heard so many great things about this place that I was looking forward to giving it a try after moving into the area. I've given it about 1/2 a dozen tries and have to say I've been underwhelmed every time. I keep trying new things, trying to find something I love and would continue to come back for. I've had no luck so far. That said its a great place to watch a game and the staff has always been great. I'm sure I'll be back for cocktails and to catch a game. I'll just probably eat elsewhere before going.
5	Of course you got to get the boneless raspberry GRILLED wings! Yummm! Must go here if you are new to the area! And I like the sweet potato fries! Also they usually have any and all sport games that you want to watch.
2	My husband and I have been coming to CK's for a few years.  I must admit, it has declined over the years.  A Bar Rescue is in order.  Recently on our last few visits we have noticed an increasing displacement in our experience.  Last night was the defining experience to seek yelp to express our displacement. Here are some of our dislikes:  The food is not fresh.1.  We ordered the potato skins.  they were not fully cooked and very dry- difficult to cut and chew.  We returned them -the 2nd plate replacing them were still difficult to eat they were dry. 2. We ordered the meat loaf dinner.  the meatloaf was dry and the barbecue sauce used on it was so bitter and too spicy to eat. the mashed potatoes listed on the menu were not the mashed potatoes served.  The mashed potatoes were plain and tasted bland. 3.  The server appearance was unkept.  hair unkept and clothing not professional.  The server was inexperienced and did not pay attention to our needs. We witnessed her walking in circles through her section and not checking in with her customers.  food not brought out in a timely fashion.   We ordered our drinks and she forgot my husband's drink and we sat and waited until she came over.  She did not clear off our table after serving us, leaving dirty plates and paper on our table.  4.  The Bar and seating area appeared dirty and unkept. behind the bar it appeared unkept and unorganized. I hope the owners read this and find a solution Both my husband and I have decided to not return after this recent experience.
4	I love love love their raspberry boneless wings.  SO GOOD.  they also have really good burgers and its just a fun sports bar.  The prices are decent and service is great.  I always return for the same thing my wings!
3	We've been here a lot since our first visit. Unfortunately, I have to lower the star rating. While service is good, and we like the Friday and Saturday night bands playing, there are a few things that are starting to bother us about CKs.The only food items we really enjoy are the fries, the wings, and the zucchini. We've tried different burgers, sandwiches, and a couple entrees and it's just boring and bland, or the portions are too small for what you're charged. The burgers are pretty good size but their sandwiches aren't and regardless of which you get they seem to gyp you on fries. Last night my sandwich came with 4 big fries and about 6 or 7 little skimpy fries. My boyfriend ordered the hatch chili burger which we were told was an open-faced burger. While that's fine, they didn't give him the top bun. Generally an open-faced sandwich means both the top and bottom pieces of bread are laid on the plate and all the other messy ingredients are poured over top and you eat it with a fork and knife. CKs only gave him the bottom bun. When I looked over and saw that he had barely eaten half of it and I knew he didn't like it. This man tears through a good burger. He said it was really bland. It honestly didn't look appetizing at all. He was also gyped on fries. We've noticed this happens every time we order burgers or sandwiches. The same seems to be happening with their appetizers. The first few times we came here we would always order the zucchini and the wings. They used to fill the $8 basket of zucchini up, now it's barely enough for us to share. The zucchini is so freaking good but it's no where near worth $8 or ordering it anymore.Lastly we're getting a little tired of waiting for the bands to play at 9:30pm. We really enjoy the music but with our very early work schedules we're used to going to bed quite early so on weekends we're ready for bed by 9:30pm. Lame for us, I know, but there are many other bars or restaurants where the music starts at 8pm or even 7pm. Also, their website isn't accurate anymore on who's playing. We went last night because the website said Broken Toys was playing and we really enjoyed them last time. However it was a different band who never introduced themselves and who weren't as good. Sad...While we still like CKs, we most likely would eat dinner else where and just come for a couple drinks and some music...if we're willing to stay up.
4	CK's used to be my favorite place to hang out on a night out and my kids begged to go there to eat however, something has changed in the last year or so and not for the better. The food seems to have gone from amazing to blah...orders not cooked right, portions smaller and just doesn't taste the same. The place needs some TLC...rips in some of the booths, tables not clean and food stuck on surfaces. The staff used to be chatty and friendly and now they just seem catatonic like they don't really want to be there. They used to have a great mix of bands playing for all tastes and now each time I've been it seems like the music is more for the Florida retirement crowd. I want the old CK's back!...I would like to add that not even an hour after I posted this review, Kendra from CK's responded to my concerns. I am very impressed with their desire to find out what their customers want and take negative feedback in a positive light to give their customers a great experience. I think I will have to raise my rating based on  that! Great job Kendra!
2	I've been a Ahwatukee local since 1999. CKs is a cool place to hear music.  I don't like the vodka they use as their house vodka,  it's always bitter.  So this is not my choice to go.  I had a coupon and went back on Good Friday for their all you can eat Fish Fry.  The breading had no flavor what so ever.  I gave 2 stars because the service is always good, I wish the owners/managers would taste the dishes that their cooks put out,  and add some creative flavor to their fish fry.
1	I was surprised the food showed up so quickly but then I realized it was probably sitting out for an hour or so earlier. The wings were bone cold. The pastrami sandwich was almost as cold. Here's the kicker. How can you screw up water. The water we ordered could not be consumed. It tasted like it had chemicals in it. If I end up with a tumor I'll know it was because of this place. Do not enter. Drive down the street a bit further and try your luck somewhere else. I am not sure why this place was rated so high. My guess is that their taste buds were burned off in the intense Arizona heat.
4	This is a fun place to hang out at. They have great service and really good food! They also have a live band playing on Saturday nights.  It's a bar but also a family place, where you can grab a bite to eat with your family.
4	Got a coupon in a local flyer for $3 off and after reading the reviews thought I would give CK's a try. They did not disappoint. Came in around 5:45pm, happy to find out that they offer happy hour daily from 3pm to 7pm which is fantastic. $3 off apps and various drink specials depending on the day of the week. Monday's are $2.75 San Tan pints which made me happy. We ordered a soft pretzel with cheese, and order of hot boneless wings and mini burger sliders. The pretzel was just okay, the wings were great especially the sauce and the sliders were amazing. The sliders are served with au jus which made me happy. Service was good and our waitress was very attentive. Also to top it all off, they have buzztime trivia which I had been hard pressed to find a place that had buzztime trivia and good food until now! So overall I am very impressed. I think this will most likely become a weekly favorite. Looking forward to trying more on the menu!
5	Great happy hour! If your late night eaters like we are,  make sure to call first and ask if they are still serving food.
5	Bryan is the best bar tender!!! Great food and pool table. Check this place out if you're interested in laid back neighborhood feel this is the place to be!
4	This place is my neighborhood's favorite joint. They have daily specials. The fat burgers and beer battered fries and onion rings are (my opinion) their signature dish. Staff is friendly and you can even bring the little ones in. Yums!!!
5	I love this place.  Excellent wings.  Excellent staff.  Excellent beer.  Close to home.
1	Be careful what you order from here.  I ordered the potato skins and asked for sour cream only instead of sour cream and the chipotle ranch sauce that comes with it. They charged me .50 extra for the other sour cream. When I asked to talk to a manager, his explanation was that sour cream is more expensive than the ranch sauce. BS! I realize it was only .50 but it's the principle.  I didn't get any more condiment than what I would have gotten if I wanted the ranch sauce so why charge me more? It'll be a long time before I return to this establishment, if ever, if this is how they treat their customers.
4	CKs is your neighborhood bar/restaurant.  The wings special on Tuesdays is great! Staff is friendly!
4	Bottom Line: CK's is my take out wings place, excellent quality, reasonable price easy pickup.It's also a great place for live music, good appraisers and a pretty decent happy hour menu.  It will continue to be one of our Ahwatukee neighborhood places to frequent!
5	Went here on a first date last nite, we met on the internet, so I was a little nervous. The wait staff was super kind and the band was great! The whole vibe of this place really made me feel comfortable.
4	Great dive bar. Good service at the bar. Awesome specials. Regular bar food but it is what it is. And if your in the mood to kill time it's great!
5	Love this place. Its close to my house, all of the staff is friendly and the wings are great! Definitely try the chipotle raspberry wings!
4	My office just moved to Ahwatukee and so my boss treated us to lunch as we got more familiar with the new neighborhood. Our staff enjoyed a variety of salads and sandwiches, but the menu has pretty much anything you'd want at lunch or dinnertime. And beer, but that wasn't on our agenda this time! I ordered the teriyaki chicken sandwich and tots. YUM! It was soooo good. I didn't have much to say at the working lunch, because I was too concerned with stuffing my face! I really liked my meal. The sandwich was even complete with two pineapple rings and teriyaki sauce for a sweet combination! Our service was attentive and the bathrooms were clean. I think our staff will be making CK's a regular thing!
5	Today I had the BBQ burger with fries. To put it mildly, calling this burger glorious would be a disservice. It was simply the best freaking hamburger I'VE EVER HAD. Covered in onions, mushrooms, bbq, bacon and unicorn dust... it seriously blew my mind. You have got to give it a try.
2	Did not have such a great experience tonight at CK's. Not sure what was going on. We have been here quite a few times in the past few months and I have come to the realization that CK's is just okay most of the time. They do a few things really well and most others not so much. I really like the original burger sliders and the pulled pork sliders. I also enjoy the boneless hot wings. Other than that, my experience has not been very good.Service is pretty good most of the time. Tonight it took at least ten minutes after being seated to be greeted. Our waitress did apologize and she look stressed so I felt for her. We ordered the pepperjack cheese dip with tortilla chips. It was not good. It was pretty much velveeta heated up in a cup and the chips were extremely stale, tasted like they had been sitting around for at least a month in an opened bag. I ordered the french dip sandwich for my entree (see attached pic). It looked pretty good. Looks can be deceiving. It was bad. The beef tasted off. Like beef that had been sitting around too long. Very unappetizing. After two bites I was done. All of the food in general looked old and not at all fresh tonight. A huge turn off. If our dinner was this bad, how bad was the food in kitchen? Just an all around bad experience tonight.I still gave two stars because I think that this place still has potential. I am asking that if the manager or owner read this, please take note of this experience tonight. Take a look in the kitchen and make some improvements.
4	Probably my favorite wing & sports grill in Ahwatukee. Very nice staff and service. Very good value.
5	Krista is the best bartender, CKs is an awesome establishment to bring the family, great food and fun atmosphere.
4	Been there once for happy hour they have great deals good food and a lot of options. Only bad thing I can say is it's kindve dark and there and not really welcoming for a sports bar but the staff are friendly and attentive
5	Great service.  Good food and great place to watch a game!  We go there a couple times a month and always have a great experience.
1	Food is good bar food, chipotle raspberry wings are delicious, drink specials are all right. There are a lot of regulars at this bar and been coming here for years, service has been alright and would say it's safer to sit at the bar if you want to eat, at least we thought. We quit going in there for Sunday football because we would notice all the servers collecting by the bathrooms eating at the table and rolling silverware, at the same time. See them picking off plates with their fingers, not washing their hands, then grabbing drinks right inside the kitchen door and the bar... Grabbing your fruit and putting it in your drink, makes me wonder what they do with your food. Love the atmosphere on Sunday funday so figured we just wouldn't eat when we go there, until last time we went in. Some regulars brought the bartender a platter of Christmas cookies and she started eating behind the bar walking around  shoving cookies in her mouth, and wait there's more, then the woman manager came behind the bar and saw the stash of cookies and starting eating them too, behind the bar, standing right in front of where the bartender makes all the drinks. I didn't think it could get worse until the manager started handing the bartender more cookies and they were both walking around eating them, then, just then, when all the servers started to notice like vulchers were going behind the bar and grabbing cookies and then walking across the bar area eating them. If they are so comfortable doing this in front of everyone it should scare not only myself but anyone that reads this what they are doing in the kitchen.
5	I always love it when Erin is there, so tonight was awesome! Always get great service and the food is good.  I love the salads and the wings.
