5	I am glad I stumbled across this place after going to a business appointment years ago.  This place has great Hong Kong/Canton-style food in a place that looks like it came from there - crappy tables and old lame dishes and those 70's style brown plastic glasses.  But the food is cheap and awesome.Main dishes to get are the spicy chicken, Singapore-style fried noodles, Mongolian beef, any of the lo-mein, wonton soup noodle, and ask about any of the daily chinese veggies they pick up from the market.  The spicy-salted spareribs and 5-spice chicken wings are good for appetizers too.If any of you have been to Gourmet House of Hong Kong, this is Michael Leung's new place in Mesa.
4	Awesome Chinese diner food...best I've had this side of San Gabriel Valley...just ignore the cheesy name and stripped down fast food furnishingsIf you're not sure that Chinese diner food is like...think great stir fried noodle dishes (like the beef chow hoa in the picture above) and old school Chinese interpretation of Western dishes like baked pork chop smothered with tomato sauce on rice (check out the other picture above).Michael (the chef) and his wife (up front) are friendly folks, so go ahead and chat them up for recommendation about what's good here.  Their best dishes are usually posted on the walls rather than in either of the 2 printed menu...go figure.
4	Asian Super Fun Fantastic Lucky Cafe Express! This place rocks! Super yummy delicious and cheap. The baked pork chop is not to be missed, thanks MJ K.!! I cant wait to come back here soon!Being local, family owned with a huge menu its a win win win for everyone!
4	I wish I tried this place sooner, knew it was there for years. Not exactly a place to take someone on a date, but a $3.33 special bowl off the menu will fill you up pretty good, and zero complaints about the service.
4	HK style western foooood *heart*Next closest place to get something like this is California *heartx2*The menu is ginormous.  My only advice to you is to not order any of the Americanized nonsense in the front of the menu and skip to the latter half where all the good stuff is at.  I've had the Japanese bbq pork with egg over rice dish (I think that's what it's called) and, while I didn't have high expectations for it, it was surprisingly good.  The Wonton Noodle soup is probably one of the best dishes here.  Might be on the salty side for some, but that's how I like it.  The Singapore rice noodles (can't remember the english name so I'm improvising) were pretty good as well, in all it's curry-noodley goodness.Overall, you can't really go wrong with this place.  It's good, cheap eats and that's all there really is to it.
5	I didn't know Chinese food THIS GOOD existed, especially in MESA!Being a huge fan of Chinese food, I was very excited to try this place after the rave reviews I read on Yelp.  I was not disappointed!  This place serves up the best Chinese food in Arizona, easily..... and for CHEAP.  You would be hard pressed to find a dish over $7.Do yourself a favor when you get the menu and just skip the first three pages until you start seeing "Hong Kong Style xxxxxxxx" and start there.  They have truly authentic Cantonese / Hong Kong style cuisine with dishes I have never seen anywhere else.  I have had probably 8 different items there so far and each one was AMAZING.   Try something out of the ordinary, you won't be disappointed.  Also, you have to try a Chow Fun dish.  It's a MUST.  I have never tasted Chow Fun as good as they have it.... it's crazy how good their Chow Fun is, no joke.Two words of caution..... sometimes the English translation of the items is not exactly the same as the Chinese translation... obviously the chef uses the Chinese translation, so do yourself a favor and confirm the choice with the waitress.  For instance, their "Black Pepper Sauce Chow Fun" is actually Chow Fun with Black Bean sauce with green peppers.  Not a big deal since everything is excellent, but just so you know.  Second word of caution.... you WILL get addicted to this food!  You have been warned.  :)
2	Ok, I have way better Chinese style Western food in Los Angeles.I will say half of the dishes in its menu are soso or not good. Half of them meets my expectation.The owner/chef is always proud of his cooking skill. He is too arrogant like a frog lives inside the well but has never been the outside world.Actually for some of his dishes, I can make better than he does. I give it  2 stars.
5	Wish I would have looked at the reviews on Yelp! before I tried this place.  I work really close, but thought this place looked like a typical dingy tasteless chinese take-out restaurant... so I had no idea what to expect.The pictures of the dishes on the wall threw me off to start... and the saran-wrapped chairs really made me wonder.  However, for $3.33 they gave me a huge amount of spicy chicken, which I barely could finish (but wasn't going to waste!) As far as value, this kicks the kung pao out of Panda or any chain Chinese... There are so many dishes here it would take a year to try all of them.  I like americanized asian, but if you love authentic chinese they have that here as well, as everyone around me was eating things I have never seen before...I'm never going to Panda again.
5	I have to admit, I normally don't like Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't fallen in love with at some point in my life. This is a real problem when you live with someone that would die for Chinese food at all hours of the day/night. I figured out why I never liked Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!!  It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having authentic Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.I have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find authentic Hong Kong Style fare. Holy mother of god, everything I've tried has been outstanding and each time I leave saying it was the best meal I've tried thus far. Everything is extremely cheap and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their food. They'll be quick to recommend something if you're having a hard time deciding. Just ask!
3	It is good for a more authentic Asian food. The place is well-lit, clean, and have very unique choices since the chef likes to create new dishes.If you decide to come here, please order something different than the normal Panda Express' orange chicken or kung pao chicken. Give it a try!Their stir fried chow fun (rice noodle) is good, the boys tend to Really enjoy hunan beef. They also have this specialty fried rice topped with dry fish flakes.For drinks, we always order 1/2 tea 1/2 coffee concoction, and tapioca taro drink.It's very cheap and orders come in huge portion.
5	It is hard to find such a great restaurant like this one.Food : GREAT!!!!Service: GOOD!!!!Price of food : You cannot find elsewhere. It is very reasonable.In conclusion - you have to try it yourself.
4	This is the first establishment I've patronized solely based on Yelp reviews.  I was not disappointed.  Even though the $3.33 specials were plastered near the front door, I opted to order off of the wall.My wife ordered the Mongollian Beef and I ordered some kind of fried noodle dish with pork.  The prices were VERY reasonable, and the dishes were authentic.Don't let the interior aesthetics scare you away.  Its very clean, and they serve very fresh food.
4	OK, they raised the price on the $3.33 bowl to $3.79.  Still a great value!
4	It's great food - in fact, it's as good as it gets in the middle of the desert!  I went visiting Phoenix the past weekend, and we expected there won't be too many Asian choices.  Stopped at this restaurant - the food is terrific!  We had a stir-fried spicy eggplant rice and the Singaporean noodles.  The "wok-air", interpreted as the temperature and the strength of the gas cooking, made the food taste fresh and crisp.  We came from Hong Kong and later stayed at Seattle, so we are picky about Chinese food, and I gave this place a 4 stars!Interesting side story - the chef was talking in Cantonese with one of the local patron.  He said he's only cooking with olive oil and how healthy it is compared to vegetable oil.  Thought it's worthy to mention for those who are worried about bad greasy Chinese food - this place isn't one of those.
5	My roommate made this assessment and I completely agree. "This place was simply amazing.  I know (the reader) can appreciate really authentic food for a very inexpensive price.  The seafood soup was very tasty which included fish, squid, oysters, onions, etc.  One dish was very close to a good ole Irish beef stew.  It included rice noodles with wontons stewed beef with cabbage.  Bottom line is this place is very different from any Chinese restaurant I have ever eaten at.  You walk in there and it may look suspect, however it wont disappoint. 4.5 stars on my weighted rating system."
5	Wow.We were looking for Chinese near our house and didn't want the so-so buffet down the street. I had tried this place before, but only for a light snack while my tire was being fixed. It looked intriguing enough that I kept it in the back of my mind for quite a while. Unfortunately, the decor kept me from rushing back (I don't have many adventurous foodie friends).I should state now that the owners are the former owners of the Gourmet House of Hong Kong -- so I'm sure most of the food here is done in the Hong Kong style. (But I don't know much about Chinese regional cooking).The other night we decided to check the place out for dinner. I am glad we did.We ordered chicken fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, pepper beef, orange chicken and a chicken rice bowl for the kiddo.The service was spectacular -- our waitress (one of the owners) brought crackers for our daughter to eat (after dinner we went to the Asian supermarket across the street and bought a box of the crackers) and was otherwise wonderful with us. Some of the best service I've had in a very long time.Physically, the place is bland. It's not home-y, but it does remind me of hole-in-the-wall faster food places abroad.The food, on the other hand, is fantastic. Like I said, my food companions are not very adventuresome (chicken fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken). I tried the pepper beef on suggestion by our waitress.Every single person (including the three-year old) was blown away by the taste of the food. I really can't say much more.It's very convenient to the Sycamore/Main Light Rail Station -- this should be on every foodie/light-rail rider's menu.
5	I had just got back from a trip to NYC where I had the most amazing Chinese food ever, in China Town of course! Well I was craving Chinese food sooo bad so I decided to try this place out. It was amazing. Really authentic and way cheap. In fact, my man and I ordered a bunch of different items so we could try them all. Everything was good and we only spent $30.00 and that included drinks plus tip. The leftovers made for a lovely late night snack.
3	Their menu is huuuuge! I had the curry rice with chicken, which was... interesting. The curry sauce was from a mix and not at all spicy, but the potatoes in the dish were steak fries that were worked into the sauce. Overall I liked it, but probably wouldn't order again. My partner got the beef lo-mein which was quite greasy. After conversing with the people who recommended the place, apparently they only go there for the wonton soup, so I think we will try that next time, and maybe one of their $3.79 plates. It would be nice if the place had a restroom.
4	Mmm ACE, you are aces! You know a restaurant is good when you crave them MONTHS after visiting them. I had the chance to spend a wonderful day with my Foodie Bear and a friend. I don't normally venture into Mesa, but he convinced me to go to dinner with them at ACE. I'm SO glad I decided to go! When you first walk in, you'll notice the place isn't much to look at. As most of you foodies know, never judge a book by its' cover! We were warmly greeted and we sat down to review the HUGE menu. They offer your run of the mill Pan Asian cuisine but then they offer various authentic dishes that will make you melt! Since I had never been there before, and I will eat pretty much anything that doesn't eat me first, I allowed Foodie Bear to order the food! When the waitress came to the table he immediately ordered the baked pork chop. I don't know if she even got out her greeting. The Bear knows what the Bear wants! Apparently this dish takes a while to cook. We also picked the Peking pork ribs, I believe some orange chicken, and an order of fried rice. As an appetizer, I tried a spring roll. I could see the boyish glee on FB's face while we waited a short time for our food to arrive so I knew I was in for a treat! The food started to arrive and we dug in. Oh my goodness the flavors! The baked pork chop was amazing. It really reminded me more of a simple Italian dish than an Asian one. The parallels between the two countries' cuisines were really highlighted in this dish. A nice tomato based sauce, tender pork chop over a bed of white rice. It was very well made! My favorite were the Peking short ribs. They had a semisweet glaze over a lightly battered, tendered piece of meat. Careful of the bones! Their fried rice was nice and smoky flavored, a sign of a seasoned wok. I didn't try the orange chicken as I was full to the top, but it smelled great! I frequently think of my visit to ACE. I can't wait to return to try another one of their many dishes. I can't wait to find another craving!
3	I have not had other Chinese or Asian cuisine in the Phoenix area so the review is in comparison to the Bay Area and the reality that there is a relatively small Asian population in the area. The waitress (most likely owner) was really sweet. She recommended a stir fry with bok choi, beef, chicken, shrimp, tofu, and shitake mushrooms. Basically the kitchen sink. We also ordered gai lan sauteed with garlic and salty/peppery deep fried chicken. The stir fry and veggies were a bland version of traditional chinese home cooking. The fried chicken which is normally very salty was a mixture of sweet and savory. The cold milk tea was decent. As previous posts have mentioned before, the decor is nonexistent. It looks like a Subway with the booth seating except the color palate is pink.
5	This is my favorite Asian restaurant in the Valley. This place is not much for ambiance, but it features wonderfully authentic Cantonese- Hong Kong cuisine at outrageously cheap prices, served by very friendly and helpful staff. The menu of Asian Cafe Express is extensive, but skip the first few pages (these list the "Americanized Chinese" dishes that most people are familiar with) and go directly to the pages with the items categorized as "Hong Kong style" or "HK style." If you're not sure what to order, you can browse the huge pictures of popular dishes, on the wall. But it will be best to ask the waitpersons for suggestions -- they'll be more than happy to point out dishes in the menu that are favorites of the many regular customers there. Portions are more than ample, even for the soups: the smallest serving ("medium"  in the menu) of soup serves two generously.  And they have several varieties of congee, including my favorite: with pork and preserved egg -- comfort food like no other for this Asian ;-)For those who use the light rail, this is a convenient dining destination because it is so close to the Mesa terminus of the light rail. Be prepared for a taste treat, and don't act too surprised when the bill arrives and you find that you don't pay much for such great food.
4	The meals were inexpensive, portions big, and the service was very attentive. The store was also clean and welcoming.I ordered the XO tofu which I thought was delicious. As a Vegetarian it is sometimes hard to find restaurants I can go to without feeling like a burden by special ordering dishes. I noticed there was a number of dishes I could order here which is always nice. We also tried their Coconut/tapioca drink which was amazing, and more importantly for me not overwhelmingly coconut tasting. I wish I could have tapioca in everything now! It was very filling, so don't order if you have a small appetite! They also brought it out in a plastic to go cup with a lid and straw which was nice since we were able to take it with us. The only complaint I have is that the rice came out in an uncovered bowl, which meant it got a bit dry as it sat there, which was kind of annoying but not a big deal. As for groups, it is a small place, with maybe like 8 normal 4-6 person booths, and like 6 or so 4 person square tables so I don't think they could handle too big a group, though not really sure as I only got one look at the dining room.
5	Went here tonight for the n-th time.  The food was really good, again! But then, I really shouldn't have been surprised. My fave Asian restaurant in the Valley has not failed me yet.
4	stoped in on the way home from work for to/go ordered the pot stickers fried not very exciting  but every thing else was great beef chow fun/ one of the shrimp dishes w broccli and a spicy chicken dish........all very tasty!!!!
5	YUM!  We crave Asian Cafe Express at least twice a month.  My co-workers and I to drive out to Mesa (from Phx) for lunch.  Yes, we love it that much.  The menu is huge!  I do not think we have ordered the same dish for lunch yet?  Love the Boboa drinks too!
1	umm....no...this place is definitely not for us....I've read all the positive reviews and was totally excited to try this place today.  We've been craving really good Chinese food that would satisfy our spoiled pallet from Cali.  "Inexpensive, great food, nice service"...sounded nice...First of all, yes the service is really nice.  They were very relaxed and ready to serve you.  The order took around 15min for a take out which is pretty fast.  Second, the price....yes it is on the cheap side but is it really that inexpensive?  For example, compared to Phoenix Palace, most typical menu items are maybe ~$2.00 or so cheaper...but if you ask me, you are compromising the quality of the food for that few dollars you are saving.Third, the food....OILY....really...OILY.  *Chili salt chicken wings = 5 pieces for $2.99.  Good price, dry, bland, not worth it.*Orange chicken = burnt, drowning in dark sauce, couldn't tell where the meat was...*XO sauce beef =....we found....6 pieces of beef slices and the rest was corn starch and onion mush...with orange colored oil all over.*Bean sauce chow fun with squid = this was the only ok dish.  Tons of squid which was cool, but not much chow fun at all...and again, oily.Overall, we didn't like it.  Are we gonna go back = NOMaybe try again someday? = NO*Location = good, right across the street from Mekong Plaza*Food = the extra $2.00 is so worth it at other restaurants.*Service = very nice*Decor = very plain
5	Brought my  friend and fellow yelper Michael P. here yesterday for lunch. We ordered yang zhou fried rice (excellent, as always) and beef and broccoli. I never bothered to order beef and broccoli here before because I see it as probably the most common take-out order in "Americanized Chinese" fast food places, and I try to order dishes that are normally not found in most Chinese restaurants. But Michael wanted to try their version of beef and broccoli here. It turned out to be fantastic - very tender thin-sliced beef in a scrumptious oyster-garlic sauce as only A.C.E. can make it, with choy sum (sometimes referred to as Chinese broccoli) instead of regular broccoli. I might have known that my fave Asian restaurant can transform even a common dish like this into something truly extraordinary. Oh, why couldn't this restaurant be closer to where I live??
4	When I crave for shrimp fried rice, Asian Express is the place I would order. Not only that the portion they serve is large, their cooks are all chinese which makes it more authentic.
4	The owners, Michael and Susan Lueng, used to be the owners of Hong Kong Dining on McDowell in Phoenix.  When they sold that place and opened this place, they offered only a limited menu.  I ate here three times over a couple of years after they moved here and was not happy with the limited menu.  But yesterday, my wife and I decided to drop in for a quick lunch of some soup noodles, but I was surprised to find that they now offer a very expansive menu!  We ordered seven dishes and took the leftovers home. The food was great and so were the portions and the prices.  Just like we remembered at their old place which we used to frequent every week or so, on the way to the Suns games.  But now, we can go to the Asian Cafe Express to have great Hong Kong/Cantonese food.
4	This is a good asian place, if you know what to expect.  Think a mix of Panda express prices with HK style coffeeshops.  If you expect un-oily food, better to look elsewhere.  Its Cantonese cruisine, fried with a wok and oil, definitely a little greasy.I think they have decent american chinese food, like kung pao chicken, chow mien, terriyaki chicken bowl.  But what makes they stand out would be their huge menu of cantonese and asian food.  The owners are adventurous and would try making dishes from other countries other than HK, like they have their take on Hainanese Chicken Rice found commonly in Singapore and Malaysia.  I don't feel the quality of the food was compromised in anyway due to their lower price.   But due to their huge menu and having a large crowd, sometimes the standard varies a little.  Also, when the owner Michael is not cooking, sometimes his assistant makes a little different tasting dish.I do recommend what I know.  Instead of Terriyaki Chicken, try their Curry Chicken Meat Rice, Instead of Mongolian Beef, try their Xo sauce Beef or if you dare to Bittermelon with Beef over rice.  Instead of Chow Mien, try their Beef Chow Fun.  Instead of Orange Chicken, try their HK style Sweet and Sour Pork.  Instead of a couple of meat dishes, try their Hong Kong style Grill, where U can order like 2 meats and they give u a soup, rice or spaghetti all for like 7 bucks.
4	OK; we went for lunch again last week.  Susan (Michael's wife) was there and since we were between the lunch and dinner crowd, the customers were only a few.  So we had a chance to chat with both of them a little.  Just like the old times on McDowell.  Ordered seven dishes again for just the two of us.  Took the leftovers home for dinner for that nite and the next night too.  For the first time we tried their pork sparerib hotpot with taro slices....very good and tasty.  We have not been disappointed with their food.  But remember, this is authentic Cantonese restaurant and if you looking for Chinese-American or Mandarin or some other kind of Chinese food, this is not the place for you.
4	There's this Chinese math teacher at the school I work at (I know, how cliche right?) and he's been telling me all year that I HAVE to go here, and that it's the most authentic Chinese food around town.  So finally, I did.  I have no idea about authenticity, but I do know it was delicious and cheap.  It was pretty crowded on the day we came in, but we found our own seat and waited a few minutes before menus were brought to us.  There are about a billion choices, all of them priced well under 10 bucks.  This place simply cannot be beat for value.  Absolutely clueless about what to order, I stuck with what I knew, and got the Orange Chicken Bowl, an egg roll and a can of soda that only cost 92 cents.  Our food didn't take too long, and my egg roll came out first.  It was so tasty!  It was packed full of good stuff and the sauce to dip it in was quite good.  My Orange Chicken Bowl came out in the shape of a plate.  I thought that was odd, but who really cares.  The orange chicken was really good.  It had a bright flavor and the sauce was just thick enough to cover the chicken properly.  The fried rice was the best fried rice I have ever had.  I still think about it actually.I would definitely love to come back to this place, especially since it is right by the Light Rail.  Hopefully I will be better prepared to order something a little more adventurous next time.
3	This place is popular w/ the overseas Chinese (and especially) of the college student variety... probably cuz the pricing is dirt cheap and gives them a bit of home.It's a choice for Chinese food considering the plethora of Vietnamese offerings at the Mekong place across the street.  Service was slow on this full Friday night and did see a couple walk out, but the staff is super uber duper friendly (owner waitress to the young guy waiter).HK Milk Tea -- better than most, I like mine cold.Yellow Leek Bean Sprout Fish -- almost all sprout over leek, tasty but extremely oily.  Could of cut that down by half at least, was trying to drain the oil out.Spicy Pork Noodle (on the wall pic) -- sweet and not very spicy, you'd like it if you're a fan of thick round white noodle dishes.Salted Fish, Chicken & Tofu pot --  best of the bunch.  Preserved salted fish is used sparingly to flavor the remaining ingredients.
5	!!!!!!!!!! The best asian food I have had in the valley, by far. Each and every noodle dish that I have tried has been STELLAR (Beef Chow Fun, Singapore Noodles, Shrimp LoMein) as well as the Hawaiian Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Spicy Chicken, and probably a few more that I am forgetting! The only thing that could possibly improve are the chairs, but with food this good, I'd sit on cinderblocks, and LIKE it. :DEven the iced tea is fabulous! The staff members are very very nice too! This is a must try!
4	This place is totally worth the light rail ride out to Mesa.  It looks a little skeevy inside but damn if the food ain't good.  This is probably the best hole in the wall chinese I've had since I left NYC.  The orange chicken was killer.  That's really all I ever order when I go to a chinese place.  It helps me compare them.  It still wasn't as good as China Chili's but, for the price, it was amazing.  Speaking of price, the stuff here is like in the $3-$5 range.  It's like 1989 all over again.  My only complaint is really just the location.  It's an absolute dump inside.  Nothing is clean and I'd be surprised if this place passes health inspection.  Other than that - it's wicked good.
4	Asian Cafe Express, or ACE, hasn't changed much over the last few years. Located in a nondescript shopping center in Mesa, the interior doesn't get much better than the outside. But you don't come here to be wowed by the interior design, even if you do think the plastic lobsters on the wall are pretty cool, it's all about the food.Open the menu and within a few pages you'll see typical Chinamerica offerings, such as sweet and sour, lo-mein and fried rice. But keep turning the pages and you'll find some serious real deal Chinese food.The best value is the Family Meal ($21.29), consisting of three large items, rice and noodles. This is a feast that can easily feed four or more.Even more impressive is what the kitchen can do with fresh seafood. Across the street from ACE is Mekong Supermarket, an Asian grocer that has a massive fresh seafood counter. Diners can purchase fresh seafood from Mekong, then take it to ACE, where the chef cooks the catch for around $8 per item.Our party of seven arrived at ACE with bags full of goodies we were greeted and seated, then a brief consultation began. We had purchased live seafood from Mekong's water tanks, including crab ($8.99 a pound), clams ($7.99 a pound) and two lobsters ($9.99 a pound). We also chose a large wide mouth bass ($8.99 a pound) that was cleaned by the Mekong fish monger.Starting with the bass, the chef simply steamed the fish, then topped with a sauce of ginger and fresh spring onions. The fish was sublime -- fresh, meaty and tender without a hint of fishiness.The clams were also steamed to perfection with a light sauce of black beans and spring onion. Each tender mollusk was a joy to eat with slight saltiness from the black beans.Our crab was treated with a dredge of garlic, salt and pepper, then deep-fried. The chef was spot on, making a contrast between the luscious crab meat and the wonderful seasoning. While the crab was still in its shell, it was hacked up into more accessible pieces.Finishing the feast, we "oohed" and "aahed" as our lobsters were brought to the table. Both lobsters were chopped into pieces, then stir-fried with green onion and ginger and served on top of a bed of crispy pan-fried noodles. They tasted as good as they looked. The lobster meat was so sweet and delicious I wanted to lick the plate clean. A bonus of flavor was hidden as the juices from the lobster were absorbed by the bed of noodles.This was such a pleasant experience that I'd let the chef at ACE take the wheel for an evening of delectable surprises anytime.
4	When I'm in a quandry on what I want to eat, chinese is always at the top of my list. And the topper of that list is Asian Cafe Express or ACE as my friend Dave R and I call it. If it's your first time going there you might think to yourself, hmmm, so I order off the wall menu? They do have an expansive menu that not only has chinese food but also food from Singapore, Japan and Thai variations. I'm pretty much a simple guy to please, so chicken with vegetables is my choice. The chicken comes out tender and they use breast instead of thigh meat that a lot of other chinese places use. The vegetables still has that crunch to them and not the overdone limpness that you get at some places. The service is always excellent and quick. If you can get past the looks of the interior and just base it on the food, ACE is the Place. (I couldn't resist)
4	Thank you ACE for making our recent dinning experience a great one.  You prepared our seafood selection that we had just purchased from Mekong Supermarket.....perfectly. Our tilapia was steamed with scallions, ginger and cilantro. Thank you for leaving the face on our fish. To some it's creepy but to us it was necessary. Our catfish was fried and seasoned with just the right amount of spice with tasty crunchy bits at the bottom of the plate. Our lobster was amazing! I don't recall the prep style we selected but it was painfully delicious.  We also selected a noodle option and steamed rice to accompany our meal.  A very very good meal prepared by very good people.  See you soon!
4	I have a strict "no spending money in Mesa" policy and for years I have lived by it. But I heard great and marvelous reviews about Asian Cafe Express and reluctantly broke my policy.I'll tell you what, I'd break my longstanding policy again because this place rocked my world. Yes, it's a hole in the wall from the outside (and a little bit on the inside) but I've been around long enough to know that those places are usually the best. This Hong Kong style Chinese food was hella cheap and totally delicious. I tried the orange chicken bowl (which was less than 4 bucks and freakin' enormous.) Plus some appetizers. I don't recall the names (sorry) but the bottom line is I tried a lot of stuff and all of it was divine. Finally, a Chinese restaurant I can be excited about, even if it is in that crap hole of a town called Mesa.
4	I been going to this place for years now.  Its the same lady we see when my friends and I come.  (she sometimes ask how my mom is doing, but I didn't know she knew my mom until recently1!)  Anyways, the food is just like how my mom used to make it when I was a kid.  Pretty cool!
5	My friend Norm and I went to dinner here tonight. I was happy since I just passed my entry exam for classes this fall. The artwork is exquisite and the food did not disappoint. Very authentic and VERY reasonable. Friendly staff and amazing variety on the menu.
5	All you Yelpers here in Metro Phoenix ought to be thankful for this gem.  I've had traditional Chinese food in chinatowns in San Francisco, New York, Philadelphia and elsewhere, and I can tell you that Asian Cafe Express is a real stand-out.  No, it's not Cantonese or Sichuan haute cuisine, but I'll take the authentic, traditional Chinese home cooking of this place any day.  Great food at absurdly low prices.  Everything I had was excellent.  In most traditional Chinese restaurants, low price = small portions and/or very poor quality food.  Not here.  What a great place.  I knew I was in for a treat when I walked in.  I was the only non-Asian patron.
5	Some days all you want is a good bowl of noodles...covered with a great sauce...mixed with flavorful veggies...tossed with tender meat...served piping hot...priced for a college student's wallet. Thankfully this place delivers and delivers and delivers on all fronts. I have yet to have a dish here that didn't instantly become the standard by which I judged all that followed it. The dizzying array of choices range from the American standards to the adventurous surprises and yet I have yet to dine here with anyone (raised on chicken feet to Asian food novice) who didn't go away satisfied.Service can be slow, but you'll forget the wait by the end of your first mouthful.Order this now: Black pepper sauce with pork spare ribs chow fun
5	Awesome!  Excellent authentic Chinese food, quick and friendly service and just about as cheap as it is possible for a restaurant to be.We ate there on a Friday night.  It was busy but we got menus within 30 seconds and our food arrived less than 5 minutes after we ordered it.We had the spicy chicken wings (really salt and pepper chicken wings) which were fantastic and the the spicy dumplings to start.  Excellent.For mains, we had a spicy shrimp dish and the eggplant spareribs, both delicious.Our waiter checked back in with us four or five times to  refill our water, ask us if we wanted anything else, etc.  The staff is very friendly here.As others have pointed out here, it's a Hong Kong style diner, meaning a kind of cheap, no-frills, "let's grab some food on the way home" kind of place with Cantonese comfort food (joke, chow fun, rice bowls) and Chinese interpretations of western dishes.If this place were near my office, I'd have lunch here everyday.  Alas, it is not.  It's also just crazy cheap.  Appetizers run $2.21 and the entrees all top out at $7.72 with a generous selection of one-dish meals at a flat five bucks.  Hard to beat that.
4	Finally! A well priced chinese cafe style place in Phoenix that is actually good!!!!!To start off, don't expect a fancy setting or anything. It's straight up, no frillz asian style cafe decor. It's in an excellent location as it is across from the Mekhong Plaza, however, it's kind of hidden inside this plaza so you would have to look hard for it.When you enter, you have all of their featured menus plastered on the wall. Awesome- shows nice pictures of the dish, name and price of it. It's good for folks who may not be familiar with certain dishes and would like a picture of what they are ordering.The 1st thing that caught my eye was the Hong Kong menu. They actually served FRIED MILK!!!! For all those that wonder what the heck is fried milk, it's basically solidified milk and then they use flour to coat around the milk and fry it. It is a really interesting dish, probably not for everyone as the taste is probably more of an acquired dish. This dish however is really complex to make, so I was somewhat sceptical that they can make Fried Milk at this cafe. When the order came in, I was really surprised by the quality of it. The flour was not too thick, the milk inside was still soft enough and when you bit into it, the flavored gushed into your mouth. I loved it! Dip the fried milk into the sweet mayo dip and you have a winner!I also ordered another great dish, Smooth beef with egg over rice. Their beef was perfectly fluffy ( I can tell they use the Baking Soda to soften up the meat first as the texture of it is very uniquely soft) and the thick white sauce with egg white was the perfect mixture over the rice. This dish was cheap, only $6 for such a large dish. Their entire menu was generally from $5-9, so lot's of options to choose from. I am very happy to know this place exists and that Phoenix is slowly getting up to speed to the Los Angeles Chinatown quality.Highly recommend this cafe if you want some good sized asian food at a budget price!
4	ACE makes my favorite beef chow fun, EVER.I've never had a dish I disliked here up until last night. Hawaiian BBQ beef! Wow, not what I expected at all. I was expecting grilled beef slices (think bulbogi) but what we got was sliced up meat (similiar to the look, consistency and taste of pot roast) covered with teriyaki sauce. Umm, for reals? Never would've I imagined. But that's what happens when you take someone who is not too familiar with Chinese food and you do the everyone choose one dish and we'll share route. It was so bad I had to comment, "When you go to a Chinese place, order Chinese dishes." lol.Anyway, no worries beef chow fun made everything better.I've been here numerous times now and have enjoyed everything else I've had. Some of my favorites include:-Beef with Scramble Egg sauce over rice.-Salt & Pepper Squid-Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings-Orange Chicken-Baked Pork Chop spaghetti-Mongolian Chicken-Fried Rice-Lo MeinI haven't really ventured towards their more traditional chinese dishes but some day I finally will. I saw stir fry pickled chinese mustard that really intrigued me. It's one of my favorite homestyle dish. But I'll save that for a solo meal because it has an acquired taste.Oh and their taro coconut tapioca drink is yummy. It reminds me of a taro dessert my mom would make. It's creamy, coconut milk with taro chunks, sweetened and with little clear tapioca pearls. *Also, their menu stated that they will cook fresh raw seafood for you. You just have to bring in the receipt alongside. It's $5 each dish and you can choose from a long list of sauces/styles you would like to have it prepared. Very convienent with Mekong Market across the street. Yummm... I think I may have to return with a lobster to have them make me lobster with gravy over e fu noodles.
4	For some reason I have been having a craving for cheap but good Chinese food, so I have been visiting a variety of places.  Given all the great reviews, I decided to check this place out.  I had the chicken egg rolls (under $2), Chili Salt Chicken Wings (under $3), and the Pickled Vegetable and Shredded Pork Noodle soup ($5).  The chicken egg roll was okay, but mostly because I did not enjoy the internal texture.  Although it was fried to a nice crisp on the outside, the inside seemed a bit underdone and mushy.  The chicken wings were good.  They were fried nicely as well, with a nice crispy skin.  But if you are used to sauced chicken wings, this will not satisfy you.  These wings seemed to be first fried then quickly tossed in a pan with some chili, garlic, and a sprinkling of salt.  The noodle soup had a light, but satisfying broth.  Most of the flavor of the broth came from  the vegetables and pork which, I believe, were first stir fried and then added to the broth.  This had the effect of giving the soup a nice smokey depth to it.  Also, the pork is not "shredded."  It is actually sliced into thin pieces, but you get plenty of it along with the veggies and noodles.  The service is great.  The owners and staff are all very friendly.  Also, there are a bunch of picture of the food on the wall which may help those who want to try new things, but are a bit hesitant about what they might get.  I am intrigued about the fried milk and I think I will get it next time I visit.All in all, I will say this place is great for a cheap and tasty Chinese meal.  It is comparable to Taiwain Food Express (TFE) in price.  The quality and taste of food is perhaps slightly better, a bit fresher and more flavorful, than TFE.  I find the dishes at TFE a bit under seasoned.  So, if you like TFE, then I am willing to bet you will like ACE.
4	Very nice service.  Very family friendly restaurant.  We went after church on a Sunday.   Lots and lots of choices on the menu.   Lots of Asian people eating here- good sign right?!  My kids had chicken noodle soup, Kung Pao Chicken and lo mein noodles.  They loved all of it.  I think the lo mein was the biggest hit with them.My mixed vegetables were somewhat bland but fresh and edible.
4	Just as a note, stick with the Chinese dishes if you go here.  Don't bother with the Portuguese style dishes.  They don't compare.
5	Asian Cafe Express gets five stars because it is the ONLY take out Asian food I ever get.  I've tried other places, and nothing compares, so when you find something this awesome and affordable with the best twice cooked pork in the world, you don't stray. I keep an Asian Cafe Express menu in my kitchen drawer and I mark each thing I've tried with a smiley face, a sad face, or one of those faces that just have a line for a mouth (those ones represent "okay").  May I note though, that nothing is bad, it's all about personal preference, the stuff that got a sad face was never because it was bad, it was just because it wasn't really my bag.The twice cooked pork is arguably the best thing in the world.  I would put this twice cooked pork up against five star restaurants, that asshole with those cooking shows on Fox, or maybe even some Eastern religion's God.  I get it every time I go there and when I leave this city I will travel great distances to have it again. Also worth traveling for is the General Chicken w/ Sweet and Chili Sauce, this has just the right about of sweet and spice with nice, well cooked, perfectly prepared chicken stuffed in one of those awesome Asian take out food boxes.  In fact, all of the chicken dishes are pretty good, that goes for the fried rice too, ESPECIALLY the pork fried rice which I would shower in if I could. I've tried most of the appetizers as well and my favorites are the Chili Sauce Dumplings and the spring rolls.  There's nothing fancy about them, they're just always the perfect companion to your meal.  The only complaint I ever had was with the Chili Salt Chicken Wings which, while still better than a lot of gross shit I've had, were SOOO salty I could hardly eat them. Also notable the Lo Mein, the totally affordable and always delicious Family Dinner Pack in which you get an obscene amount of food for 20 bucks, the adorable and prompt staff, the way they give you large orders in boxes so it's easier to carry, the seeded Chili sauce they provide on all the tables, the consistency of it, and also the twice cooked pork. I'd probably dine in a lot more if they served beer or liquor but that's not their fault, that's my Grandma's fault cause she is an alcoholic and my Mom says it's genetic.
3	Tasty in that oily, gonna-mess-you-up-tomorrow sense of the word. Inexpensive and generous portion sizes. Had the family meal of 3 entrees, rice and lo mein for 4 people for $20. General chicken, pepper beef, and pork spare ribs - not the most authentic perhaps and maybe that's why I'm only so-so on the place, but we've only ourselves to blame for the selections.
5	ACE, huh? what an apt acronym for this eatery...my wife's been working late hours, and her job has been buying all her meals, so i've had the opportunity to go out of my way and sample what both yelp and the new times best of phoenix has to suggest. i was in the mesa area wednesday night and was real hungry after working out, so...i can't believe i've never ever heard of this place before the 2010 best of phoenix issue. no one bothered to tip me off! i need to get some more savvy friends! maybe it's because it's not exactly in a high profile area? it's definitely in a weird corner of a blink-and-you'll-miss-it shopping center.and when i walked inside? oh man, SO gritty. this is the kind of place i think of when i think of authenticity, when i think of dishes i'll crave again and again. the smell in the air got my stomach rumbling as did the plates on everyone's tables. wednesday night and this busy? and almost everyone inside was asian? and right off the light rail? and i didn't hear a record skip and the music stop when i walked in?i picked up a menu and thumbed through it, but it was filled with just the usual dishes. where were all the hardcore dishes i've read about on yelp? since i was only getting a take-out order, i wasn't able to investigate if there was another menu with the real shit on it. since i had photo evidence it existed (thanks to all the yelpers who already know about this place), i ordered the beef with chinese broccoli and the beef chow fun, with gravy. i also ordered a taro coconut drink with tapioca to hold me over on the long drive back home. let me say it was real tough, driving all the way back to north phoenix with all that food making my car's insides smell all delicious.my nose KNOWS! after getting home and setting up a plate, a couple of bites in and i was already texting friends in tempe about my new find. the beef chow fun is probably the BEST i've ever had. the noodles were excellent, the beef cooked expertly and the sauteed baby bok choi, also, delicious! chinese broccoli is a favorite of mine, and ACE's was GREAT. even those these two dishes are similar, they both had distinct flavors that made me very happy. even the taro coconut drink, with actual tapioca inside was so good, refreshing and mixed perfectly. the portions were HUGE as i had enough for lunch and dinner the next day, and it was also super affordable!i may have found a new favorite chinese food spot, but why does it have to be in mesa? and why aren't there any amazingly great chinese food places in north phoenix?
4	Update 4/12/11:   Dropped it down from 5 to 4.  I actually come here a lot and it's a  great buy and most of the time the food is very good, but not always.  It can be inconsistent.  _________________________________________ Most excellent little place, friendly, inexpensive, no msg, and everything is quite good.  There should be more like it
4	This place seems to be a Cantonese restaurant at the core (like every other overseas Chinese restaurant....). So you have to order authentic Cantonese fare in order to fully enjoy the food. This means you should avoid the following types of dishes: kung pao, water boiled (sichuan style), dumpling dishes (their dumplings are NOT hand made....), anything Chinese-Americanized, anything served on a "bed of rice", anything breaded and fried meats (meat is NOT supposed to be "crispy"), and flour based noodles. Cantonese dishes are characterized by sweet and mellow flavors, not spicy, so you shouldn't be reaching for that chili oil =)  Also, Cantonese cuisine has what we refer to as "Liang Tang", which basically means "delectable soup", which are supposed to be seasonal. Now, I haven't tried their soups yet, but I will next time. Besides that, Cantonese cuisine is characterized by seasonal seafood, "he fen" (chow fun), rice porridge, and Cantonese style snacks called "dim sum". But this place doesn't serve dim sum and there are other places in the Valley for that.     I've been here 3 times. The first time was with two friends from a year ago. The latter two times were recently. Recommended dishes: - I forgot what section its under, but in Chinese pinyin, it is "Guangdong Hong Shao Quan Yu". Basically, "Cantonese braised whole fish". The dish took about half an hour to cook, but its worth it. BUT, you must enjoy eating the entire fish! What do I mean by that? Basically, you have to enjoy eating fish skin, fish tail, fish belly fat, and also have no problems with spitting out fish bones onto a plate they provide you. The dish costs 7.99 but I wouldn't mind paying over 10 USD for it. American restaurants charge you far more for fish dishes which are over-cooked and horrible in taste. I could tell that the sauce for this dish is a combination of red vinegar, sugar, probably some Shaoxing rice wine, starch, and maybe some other ingredients. They also cook the dish with green onions, garlic, and ginger. There are also pork strips (in Chinese, "rou si") and mushrooms on the fish. Also, what I like about this dish, is they lightly charred the surface of the fish skin. So the fish skin has a slightly chewy texture, complimented perfectly by the fat of the fish belly (Americans do not like this texture).  -  Congee ("Zhou", or rice porridge). Now, their rice porridges are not as authentic as the ones you get in Hong Kong and Guangdong province. But its still good. Try the "Ting Zai Zhou" and the "Pi Dan Shou Rou Zhou". Basically, these are the "Fishing Boat porridge" and "Century Egg and pork porridge". Usually rice porridge comes with fried bread called "You Tiao" or "You Za Gui", but they don't have it here unfortunately. It is a must have with rice porridge. Also, there Ting Zai Zhou does not have all the ingredients required for authentic styles, but its fine for Phoenix, AZ.....- I will try these dishes next time, but I would say other marks of a good Cantonese restaurant are beef chow fun, winter melon soup (I think they use bitter melon instead....), and the freshness of seafood (all restaurants should carry fresh seafood, but Cantonese above all else)...Anyways, you are free to order whatever you want. I will most likely try the other dishes I listed, next time, and adjust my rating accordingly.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Being from Southern CA and a sister living in the San Fran area, I have access to some great Chinese food options.  Finding a great Chinese restaurant in AZ is seemingly impossible.  After four years of searching, I started to give up.  Through the help of Yelp, I found this place and decided to give this place a try.I pretty much get the same two items every time I'm there, combo fried rice and beef satay egg noodle soup.  I will also experiment with one other item from time to time.  I've never been disappointed and on average each item is only $5.00 and if it's just yourself or sharing with one other person, there will be plenty of leftovers.  Great food with leftovers for $10.00!  Also, I'll get Tapioca with Boba from time to time and that's great too.  The service is also very good here.  Always attentive to needs (like refilling water cups) and the food comes out quickly enough and well prepared.  It's clear that English is a second language for the waitresses, but I've never had any problems.Yes, the place is a hole in the wall and a bit dumpy, but the food makes up for it 100 times over.  The place is a bit far from me, but I do make my way out there at least once a week and I haven't gone to any other Chinese restaurant in AZ since discovering this GEM!
5	This place gets a bump because it could easily pass for a set in a John Woo film and because there's just so much bad chinese food in the Phoenix.  Like a person that looks better by hanging around ugly friends, ACE benefits similarly.Many reviewers call the place gritty.  I rather think it's more that the owners just don't give a damn about the dining room.  With food this flavorful and inexpensive, neither should you.  And as long as you don't, you'll be treated to some of the most flavorful and uniquely flavored Chinese food in the Valley.
5	I've been to the Asian Cafe Express four times now and I can't help the fact that the prices are so incredibly affordable for the amount of food that you get.  $10 will get you a large dish of fried rice at $5 and an entree (mongolian beef, orange chicken, beef and brocolli, etc) for $5 and change or $7 and change.  The food is so good.  If you're going for the ambiance, you won't find it.  The restaurant is something out of the 60's 70s or 80s with plastic on most of the chairs (other than the booths).  But, I could care less.  I'm not really focusing on the design -- it's mostly the friends I'm with and the food I'm eating.  If you're looking to spend $10 on food that will likely last you three days, it's a bang for your buck.  Check it out and you'll see.
4	I love Cantonese food, dim sum, etc, but nearly impossible to find outside the four or five largest Chinatowns in North America, unless you're REALLY willing to hunt.I discovered ACE through a New Times "Best of" list and wow, wow, wow. Mesa has this place? This place could hold its own against any San Francisco Chinatown eatery. The menu is enormous. They've got the standard American Chinese fare - Szechuan primarily - all the gloppy moo goo gai pan stuff. But skip that part of the menu and go to the pages and pages of Cantonese choices.The chili wings are otherworldly. The chili dumpling are equally amazing. In fact, order every last dumpling on the menu. You get 6 dumpling for $1.75, and they have half a dozen kinds! The chicken eggplant is perfect. And I dare you to try to spend more than $10 even stuffing yourself like it's Thanksgiving Day. You can gut FULL - entree, drink, tax, for $5 with no problem.Why not the fifth star? Well, the decor and location is - not great. Denny's style booths with plastic flowers and garish Chinese posters. Cooks yelling at each other (not angry, just trying to be heard over the Chinese music/tv playing), etc. On the other hand, I'm tempted to view this as a positive, not a negative. This is really what these places are like in Chinatowns - it's authentic. I'm going think on that fifth star and revisit my ratings after a few hundred more dumplings (aka, two or three more weeks)...
5	Easily the best Asian food I've had in the valley. I'll be coming back here, and you should too.
4	It was as good as everyone says!  And sooo inexpensive...appetizers, entrees, and drinks for 3 people...about 30 bones.  Not to mention the mountain of leftovers we brought home.
4	It's difficult to discern where this restaurant falls in terms of its cuisine. Flipping through the menu you can find Taiwanese food, Cantonese food, Shanghainese food,  and a myriad of others. This aside, however, Asian Cafe Express does a spectacular job despite its identity crisis.The Cantonese food in this restaurant is fantastic. It's been a long time since I've been able to find some great food in the area, but this place knocks the socks off anything I've had. The Taiwanese food in this restaurant is sub-par, but still acceptable compared to the other restaurants in the area given the fad of Americanized Chinese food.Aside from my criticism of the Taiwanese food, this restaurant does a fantastic job both with the food and service. The decor is nonexistent, but I personally do not expect anything spectacular having come from Asia.
5	Alright! Finally good Chinese around my house.... I have looked at reviews for this place before but got scared of going here because I thought the menu was only in Chinese (for some reason). So one of my friends suggested this place after discussing which type of Asian food we wanted to try for lunch. So I looked at the reviews again and realized I was being dumb and their menu is in English along with Chinese. So I was excited to try it. The place is nothing special, like others have stated, but it's not unpleasant by any means. After considering the reviews, I decided to get dry beef chow fun. I also ordered hot tea. My friends got pork chow fun (wet), chicken chow mein, and the spare ribs over rice. Holy crap, the spare ribs were delicious! So tender and flavorful and cheap! My food was really good too. The meat was very soft, not chewy like at a lot of Chinese restaurants. It had good flavor and consistency. My tea was good too, they gave me a whole pot for a dollar. Nice! The chow mein was also really good, it had those crispy bird's nest like noodles. Man, those are soooo good. I wish all restaurants offered this. So anyway, I will definitely be back to try more dishes.... I really want to try the wonton soup and the chili dumplings (so cheap... whoa... none of our meals cost more than ten dollars). So thanks ACE! I now have a go to place by my house for yummy cheap Chinese food.
4	Ok... so I know I only went here a few days ago.... but hey! I'm sick and in need of lots of asian soup. So the BF and I went here tonight to get some cheap foods and it just didn't measure up to last time. We got the chili dumplings and I thought they were just ok.... I couldn't taste the meat over the chili, so I didn't really like that....the pork flavor is the best part! Next time maybe I'll go for regular pork and veg dumplings. The BF, however, really liked the dumplings so to each his own. We also got a spring noodle soup due to its cheapness and simplicity. Well now I know why it is so cheap. First off, I was expecting an individual sized soup... like a cup, cuz it cost 2$, but no... it was a giant bowl! Normally I wouldn't complain, except that the food inside the bowl wasn't very good or flavorful. The noodles were like thick spaghetti.... mushy and flavorless. The broth was also quite bland.... just a bit salty. And that's all there was. So, I know it's probably my fault and a misunderstanding, but I thought even though it said it had no meat and no veg,  it would still have some kind of seasoning. I wish they would serve a really good flavorful broth with more delicate noodles.... still no meat or veg.... for the same price... and just make the portion a normal portion for one person. Anyway, it's not that big a deal, I just wouldn't order that item. We also got the black bean spare ribs which were ok, but not as good as the other day when I tried my friend's spare ribs.... maybe due to them being busy. I think they just put too much black bean sauce on today and it made it kind of salty. Soooo tonight's visit gets an 'ok' but since the other day's visit was so good, I evened them out and went with four stars.
4	The recession proof pricing is the primary reason your wallet will love you for! Rest assure, they do not skimp out on the tasty flavors your true Chinese palette has been accustom to.Did I mention $1 and eighty some odd cents gets you 2 chicken egg rolls that taste like it was dipped into the fryer a couple dozen times?!  For the same exact price, you can get 3 steamed or deep-fried chicken dumplings!  I hate to sound like a cheapskate but I am just the informant!If you grow tired of those neighborhood Chinese buffets, come here for a change as you can easily spend less than $40 for 5 people on a family-style dinner set.  If you want to go a la carte, the highest item is $7.  Lunch specials run around $5-6 for a full plate of big portions!If you cannot decide or just have trouble translating visually what is in the menu, simply gaze around the dining room as they have a set amount of food pictures to go along with text and pricing.  In fact, first time I ordered here was from the wall!  It was this Japanese BBQ Pork Chop over Rice + Egg!  Overall, I would say the menu offers the usual plus more unique, atypical items that is worth trying.  That particular aspect is my second reason why I enjoyed this place.One caveat that seemed consistent with my experience was the length of wait for your order.  They are not the fastest but your appetite and wallet will walk out immensely satisfied.
4	You never go to Chinese Restaurants because they have become too Americanized, and you want some Real Chinese food?  This is the place, not fancy, but clean friendly and the food is just perfect.The menu is huge make sure you get the whole thing!  Not just the sweet and sour American version.My wife, son and I have been here a few times and each time discover new items on the menu.  Each time the waitress has asked us some sort of question.... like "are you sure you know that there is no meat, just tofu? " or, "are you sure that you want the whole fish, it has bones in it?"  I am sure they have their fair share of people who will get something and say.."ewww, the fish has eyes...."  Anyway, back to the food and how great it tastes!  Perfect for those who are looking for something RealForget about the exterior, the seating or the lack of decor, if you want that go to PF Changs,but if you want really good authentic Chinese food with TONS and TONS of options that you will never find the time to finish then this is the place.
5	LOVE IT. After our horrible experience yesterday at Szechuan Palace this place was like a breath of fresh air. At work the other day I trained a gal from Hong Kong. After the training I asked her if she had found any good Hong Kong style restaurants and she recommended this place. I'm glad I asked. We were greeted at the door and water arrived right away. Super friendly. Excellent, HUGE menu. Here the American and Chinese menus are combined, so there is no need to ask for the "secret menu." We ordered two Hong Kong style chow meins, one chicken and one seafood; egg rolls for our son; spicy dumplings, spicy sauce chicken hot pot; and Kung Pao beef for my stepson. Everything was just great. This is a little family run strip mall place. Nothing fancy. Nothing pretentious. Just my kind of place--good food, good service, and good prices. Highly recommended.
5	This is the place to go if you want chinese food. Beats your chain companies that are overpriced. Here you will get better and cheaper food. Bring your own sriracha sauce because they don't have any.
4	I admit it.  I love Cantonese food and seek it wherever I go.  This is a nice concept place with more home-style dishes; things I might be able to make if I read up and practiced.  However, eating here is a lot easier.  It's decent, fast, cheap, with no grease spills to cleanup afterwards.  It's not amazing, but it is a perfect place for getting a quick Chinese lunch.
4	I've been looking for a good authentic Chinese restaurant in Arizona, and this one was pretty good! If you guys have other suggestions, please send them my way!Note #1: The menu is very confusing, it's not organized very well. If you have a Mandarin or Cantonese speaking friend or family member, I'd suggest bringing them so they can order their favorite dishes. Note #2: This is a Hong Kong style restaurant. So order Cantonese style dishes.Here's what we got for $24 including tax and tip:Garlic or Schezuan EggplantSeafood Pan Fried NoodlesMongolian BeefThe eggplant was good, but way too much chili oil was added. There was a puddle of oil on the bottom of the dish.The seafood crispy noodles - eh, I've definitely had better, and I was disappointed that it wasn't outstanding because this is a signature Cantonese dish. Maybe the Beef Chow Fun would've been a better choice (another signature Cantonese dish).The Mongolian beef - American dish, so it tasted pretty American, but nonetheless, it was tasty :)Rice is complimentary I believe, and the waitresses were VERY attentive, they kept topping off our waters.
5	We've been here several times for lunch/dinner and IT IS AWESOME. Absolutely our favorite place for a quick cheap meal. They are always so sweet to my daughter and they bring out our food fast. I highly recommend their pork fried rice, we ordered it last time we went and it was better than any fried rice I've ever had. Not too greasy and not overly salty, it was flavorful and for $5 we got enough for all three of us and took leftovers home. We never spend more than $15 or so and always have enough for another meal at home. We love it so much that we'll be taking my parents here when they come visit so they can see how awesome it is too :)
5	We were looking for some good chinese food after eating all american and mexican cuisine for our trip  found this place through yelp.  If you are looking for good authentic Chinese food, this is the place to go.  Good menu selection and reasonable priced,
5	Update June 21, 2011You get a lot for very little money here.  Not everything is great though.  It can be inconsistent.  The ma po tofu, for example, is badly done, soupy;  Singapore style chow mai fun is better at Best Hong Kong down the block; chow fun, I've had much better - but, as you can see from all the reviews, many items are very good indeed.  And they will cook up seafood you buy across the street at Mekong Market for $5.  Give it 5 stars for value.
5	Ok this place is wicked cheap and the food is delicious.  The menu is huge and about 1/2 english. The service is always great... If this place served beer I would eat here every day.
5	Asian Cafe Express rocks and is the best Chinese food in the Phoenix area.I've never seen a more extensive menu, with pages and pages full of options. The food is always outstanding and everything I've had there has been really good. The serving sizes are also large and the prices are very low, great value at Asian Cafe Express.I love the spicy chicken!Great food, fast and friendly service, very large menu, and reasonable prices, gives Asian Cafe Express five stars.
5	Cheap and delicious. Big portions as well.
5	i love this place. I've tried almost ALL the special bowls. My favorites are the Kung Pao Chicken & Mongolian Chicken. Also their egg flower soup is delicious. (Use their chili oil sauce on everything!)
4	Went for lunch again, on 9/6.  We were gonna only have some noodles, but we couldn't resist ordering some entrees.  We had Hong Kong style chow mein with Chinese broccolli and pork, deep fried tofu, Chinese beef stew with turnips, and an order of Steamed chicken with ginger sauce.  The chicken was only mediocre, but everything else was very good.  The deep friend tofu is pretty simple -- just small pieces of tofu rolled in corn starch and deep fried.  But I love tofu so this dish is really comfort food for me.  My wife loves noodles, especially Hong Kong style noodles -- but of course, our favorite noodle style is "Hawaiian cake noodle"  -- on available in Hawaii or Hawaiian-style Chinese restaurants.  This style of noodles came about due to a cooking error many years ago.  A restuarant in Hawaii was boiling noodles for some soup noodle dish and overcooked the noodles -- they came out overcooked and squooshy.  Not wanting to waste the noodles, they put oil in a pan and fried the noodles until one side was crispy and then they flipped it over and fried the other side until crispy.  This way, the outside of the "noodle cake" is crispy and brown, but the insides are soft and chewy.  These days the technique has been perfected such that when the overcooked noodles are removed from the pot, they are drained but not rinsed -- this keep as much starch on the noodle and when fried, the starch makes the noodle stick together -- try making it at home.  It is delish!! Put your favorite Chinese noodle toppings on it, especially if it has a little bit of gravy with it.
5	Normally the food here is to die for so I'm going to give this a fiver. Kung Pao Chicken and Dry Chow Fun are always a hit. Last night we ordered the Satay tofu and vegetables and it was definitely not what we expected. It came with vermicelli noodles and a watery chicken broth. We were expecting it to be in peanut sauce but was far from it. We wont be getting that again but we also paired it with Chicken Fried Rice which was a whopping 5 dollars. I'm not going to lie, this Fried Rice was the best I've ever had. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Chinese/ Hong Kong style cuisine!!! Don't you dare order off the AZ menu, try something legit off of the Hong Kong menu :)
4	I come here a lot for lunch.  All of the food is very good.  They have both authentic and american type Chinese food (sweet n sour, orange chicken, etc).  Plus the price is AMAZING!  I've turned a lot of my co-workers onto this place.  If you are in the Mesa/Tempe area and want some good Chinese that's cheap you can't beat this joint.
4	10/06/113.5 stars.Delicious!  The menu is quite extensive, and if you cannot find what you're craving for, ask for it anyway, as the kitchen will try to accommodate you!  I asked if one is still able to bring in raw food from the market to be prepared here, and I was told yes- good to know!  Very friendly service, but I must admit I was there w/ friends related to the owners.  Clean atmosphere and very bright inside.  The tables are a bit too close to each other, I thought, but nothing that can't be adjusted if one asked the management, I'm sure.On my next visit, I will have to remember to ask about omitting cornstarch as I did break out due to food allergies.  To those w/ MSG (monosodium glutamate) allergy, no worries here as the kitchen does not use it.  BTW, I couldn't find what I had cravings for (crispy Mongolian beef over noodles) on the menu, but after speaking w/ the matron of the house, Mrs. Leung, I was able to eat something close to it.  I did find the dish a little too salty, but it was still good.  I liked the crispiness of the noodles, as well; However, the leftover noodles didn't reheat well.  I suggest to eat your fill at the resto, or share w/ friends (which I did, but I still had some leftover)...  Hope to go back soon!
5	I'm originally from Hong Kong and this is the only place I've found that has authentic Hong Kong/Chinese cuisine. It's delicious, cheap, and very fast!
3	Cheap as cheap gets for a sit down diner.  The food comes out fast, hot, and delicious.  The menu is HUGE and the number of dishes may boggle your mind.  Some dishes I would recommend are:Beef stew noodle soup: the meat in here is wonderfully tender and the soup is fantastic.Black pepper chicken: has a very flavorful sauce and is delicious over rice.Fried rice: generic, I know, but still one of my all-time favorites.House noodles: also very flavorful.  these pan fried noodles have a great sauce and come with meat and veggies!Overall, not the classiest restaurant, but it is extremely worth it for the price, especially on a college student budget!  It's also accessible from the light rail, and right across from the asian market, which makes the location rather convenient.
5	Absolutely terrific!  A HUGE menu makes it difficult to decide, so let your knowledgeable server help you.  Then again, in my experience, anything you order here will make you very, very happy.  The Hong Kong style dishes are super authentic, and they hit their spicier items at the perfect spice & heat levels with the "heat" never superseding the flavors.  The Mongolian beef, for example, leaves a little tingle on your lips, but it never feels hot.  You will love the values here; if you order an entree for each of you, you will be going home with a second meal to savor all over again.  Plus, we usually are the only non-Chinese people there.  Now that is perfection!
5	Being within walking distance of this place is what I will miss the most when I move across town. Pages and pages of menu items, but most of the time I just get something off of the first page - the "special bowl." It is a pretty decent amount of really good food for $3.98. There are about 15 different options on this all day, every day deal and I have yet to be disappointed. I got it to-go for the first time today and I think they gave me even more than when I eat there as the standard sized to go box was overflowing with rice, chicken, and vegetables. Check out the appetizers, too. 10 steamed dumplings for $2.99 is practically a meal in itself! Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
3	So I'm not sure why, but it's been exceedingly difficult for me to find a good Chinese restaurant in AZ.  I guess I'm really spoiled with NY spots.  I used to have a place that knew exactly how to fry the tofu and substituted tofu for any dish that was made with meat.  The portions were large and came out to $5.75.  I find AZ Chinese Restaurants either don't cater to vegetarians at all, are too "shi-shi" or don't have good lunch specials.   And they never put broccoli in the dishes, what's up with that????Now, out of all the places I've gone to this one came the closest to giving me the flavor I needed.  If you're a vegetarian, they can modify many dishes to suit your needs.  The hostess was very helpful!  Because of this, I am encouraged to go back and try more things.  No lunch specials for veggies tho.  I ordered a large size of Kung Pao Tofu with brown rice.  Yay for brown rice!  This is the FIRST place out here I've found that has it!!  The Kung Pao was a bit spicy for me, but that's how it's supposed to be.  I ordered it because it was the closest thing I could get to General Tso.  Their portions are large and the service was great.
5	Latest thing I tried here was baked spaghetti with tomato sauce and fish, which sounds rather incongruous at a Chinese restaurant - but they do that in Hong Kong - and it is great  - better and cheaper than at 95% of Italian restaurants!
4	I don't normally eat Chinese food..but when I do, it's usually Panda Express...although I think I may drive out of my way to go here more often.  The food was amazing!  We had the seafood chow fun and mapo tofu.  Both were excellent and the portions were gi-normous.  Have I mentioned cheap yet?  The only con is that we had to wait a REALLY long time to get our food.. so bring some friends to chat with while you're waiting for the goodness.
5	I have been to eat at ACE three times and had take-out from them once. Every time has been wonderful. The servers are extremely polite and attentive. I never had to ask for more water because they were always filling my glass without interrupting my conversations. The food options are extensive! The menu has a lot to choose from, and I like pork dishes the most, so it was nice to see that I had options when it came to those. I ordered the 10 dumplings for $2.99, and I had them make them with pork. They are a great deal. They may not fill up someone who has a large stomach, but they are the perfect amount for my tiny appetite and my wallet. I also tried the twice cooked pork, and it was good. It reminded me a bit of the kind of food one might get at Panda Express in terms of texture, but the redeeming quality was the sauce. It was sweet and spicy, and it really made the dish. Overall, this is a great Asian place that offers a lot of options to choose from for a good price. I'm definitely going to miss being able to walk down the street to eat here now that I've moved!
5	My husband, daughters, and I all loved the food. I could not believe my picky eatter even had 2nds. NO MSG at all and the food doesn't need it. Still had lots of left overs but I can't wait to go back.
5	My girlfriend and I found ACE upon arriving in Mesa for a temporary work assignment of about 6 months.  We love this place.  If you're looking for fancy, this ain't it!  But if you're looking for a clean, decent, VERY inexpensive Chinese restaurant with good food and friendly service, this is the place!  It's in a strip mall right next to a Subway deli if that gives you an idea of the ambiance.  It's usually full of Asian people which is always a good sign to me.  There are zillions of items on the menu, and while we've only tried a few of them, we have yet to try something that we didn't think was delicious.  The Beef Chow Fun with gravy is my favorite, but we also like the Chicken with Fresh and Black Mushrooms.  Sit down, or take out, you can't lose in this place.
5	I was insane not to give this place Five Stars. They are a treasure in the East Valley.
4	OK; went to pick up takeout on Saturday, around 11:30 am, so I could be home in enough time to eat and watch the D-Backs game on TV.  Decided to go here instead of driving all the way to Phoenix to eat at Diamonds.  So I only ordered four dishes this time, but it was enough for us.  Order Hong Kong style chow mein with beef and gailan; mapo tofu (for my wife); deep fried spareribs with spicy salt; and Chinese beef stew with turnips (naunam).  Everything was OK, but the spareribs were excellent if you like deep fried spicy things.  The mapo was a little too spicy and could have used a little more "something" -- maybe garlic, etc.??  But I was satisfied and still think this place is good, especially for the prices.
4	VALUE! VALUE! VALUE! Is it the best Chinese meal you'll ever have? Lord, I hope not. But it's good "traditional" Chinese food dirt cheap. $3.98 lunch bowl is the best bargain in the Valley. A big-a$$ platter of Black Pepper Chicken or Hawaiian Sauce (sorta Teriyaki-ish) Pork or Chicken over brown rice is just the thing. Hot, tasty, filling, comforting and inexpensive. Love this place!
5	I go here with 3-4 other friends, get the FAMILY MEAL, you pick out 3 entre's 2 sides and it feeds us all easily with some left overs. it's also only 20 bucks. it's amazing quality and extremely cheap when you get the family meal.
5	Oh my gosh this is some of the best Chinese food we have ever had! We came to spoil ourselves after the warrior dash and I trusted the repetition in the reviews to get beef chow fun, the hubby got his usual orange chicken. We felt happiness in our hearts after diggin in (covered in dirt, smelly, hungry)... the orange chicken was very very good.  The beef chow fun was so amazing! I am full of so many mixed emotions now! Sadness-"why ace, why are you soooooo far from my home"... relief-"thank goodness this is sooooo far, I would gain 20 pound this year if it were closer... anger-"surprise Chinese food places should burn to the ground for serving the food they serve!"... joy-"in both my mouth and tummy"...Thank you ace!!
5	Great placeto eat.  Atmousphere is nothing fancy but the food is awesome. I have visited several times and each time seems better than the last.  Skip the first couple pages of the menu and jump to the back.  The first few pages are the americanized dishes.  The back of the menu has the more authentic Asian dishes.  Dinner sets offer a fantastic value and lots of food.  Great place for family style meal with large group.
5	Delicious and super cheap! Will absolutely be going back soon. The $3.99 bowls are such a great deal!
5	I love Asian Cafe Express!! I order take out ALOT from here & everyone is always friendly even on a busy night. I've never had a bad experience here & will continue to be a regular.
5	This is the best Chinese restaurant in the valley, no question. I've been here at least 10 times, and the quality of the food is flawless every time. I usually order either the Curry Chicken Fillet over Rice or the Pork and Vegetable Soup. Service is also quick and the people are friendly. The prices are very low, so the value is incredible.
5	The best Chinese food in town. I lived in China and I can truthfully say this is the real deal. Authentic, fresh, and flavorful, and just as a bonus, INSANELY cheap. I eat there all the time and I am STILL in awe every time I get the bill.The staff is also so wonderful. Very friendly and accommodating. The ambience is extremely lacking, which adds to the charm, in my opinion. Total hole-in-the-wall, diamond in the rough. Doesn't get much better than Asian Cafe Express.
4	Ive eaten authentic and delicious Chinese food in China, the bay area California, and LA, CA.This makes it onto my short list for good Chinese food in the Phoenix/Mesa area.  I can only think of 4 places I would go for Chinese food in this area.  Definitely going back.  Try the Chicken in Black Bean Sauce.  Yum!
4	I had the dumplings and house special noodles, very flavorful and filling. The place was busy but had quick service. The crowd was notably diverse: Chinese couples going to ASU, Russians, Latinos, Anglos and African Americans, all in for good cheap food.
5	I don't know why it took us so long to hear about this place. Our lunch today was some of the best Chinese food we have had in a long time. The orange chicken and spicy chicken dumplings were superb!!! I shouldn't say this, but they need to raise their prices. This is probably the best deal in town as far as authentic Chinese food goes. Can't wait to go back and try something else.
1	ordered a kong pao chicken, tastes awfully sour, nothing like authentic szechuan food. I ordered a large, tried hard to eat as much as possible to show politeness, failed.
4	Food was good but I'm giving it four stars since it was such a bargain to eat there. A family dinner special that could feed 6 people was only $22. It was just me and my wife and we barely dented it as there was a ton of food.Had the Kung Pao Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Fried Rice and Lo Mein with Hong Kong Coffee and Milk Tea to drink. Everything was very tasty but I would say the sweet and sour chicken was the weakest dish as the sauce was warm and made the breaded fried chicken a bit mushy.We ordered from the Arizona style menu (Americanized Chinese food) but they have an authentic Hong Kong style menu with all the things I seen in the cafe's in Hong Kong and China while visiting there. Very authentic feeling place and 95% of the customers were asian.Will definitely eat here again.
4	This place has great food! The menu is SO long--you'll spend a good 10 min at least just going through all the pages, and you'd only be skimming. I was with a large group of people, and half the table ordered the family set. I ordered the Fujian style noodles that came in a broth--it was delicious! I wolfed it down, as I did the red bean drink. I had never had a red bean drink before--I loved it so much I had to order another one to take home.Also for take out, I ordered the Amoy noodles, Yang Chow Fried Rice and orange chicken. The fried rice and orange chicken was really good, but the Amoy noodles were lacking the tang I'm used to. I probably won't order the Amoy noodles again, but there are a TON more dishes from the menu that I'll be going back to try at Asian Cafe Express!The service was also very prompt and nice. The food came out quickly, and the prices were more than reasonable! The portions are also generous. They closed at 9pm, but with our large group we were chatting away til 9:30pm. We didn't realize they were closed! They never rushed us and were very nice! We were taken aback when we walked out and saw the hours of operation, and definitely appreciated how kind they were.
4	I usually don't eat Chinese food that often because now that there are more Asian cuisine to choose from, I prefer Thai, Vietnamese or Japanese. However, when I do want something Chinese, I go to Asian Cafe Express. Of course the only thing I order there is the spicy Mongolian bowl. 1. large portion2. under $53. taste great with a good spicy "kick"I think I order spicy Mongolian bowl there every other week. I've only had a couple different things on the menu but ever since I started getting the Mongolian bowl, it's all I ever get there now.
4	Friendly service, good portions, decent authentic Chinese food.  Highly recommend!  This little hole-in-the-wall has a very extensive menu spanning several different regional cuisines of China.  If you have a hard time deciding between the many different options, there are several different combination meals that will feed an army for a very good price.  We were in a spicy mood, so we ordered the Spicy Set Meal ($34.99), which included a large bowl of Tom Yum soup, 4 meat dishes (Satay pork, XO beef, water boiled fish, Szechuan chicken), and deep fried tofu in spicy oil.  Out of all the dishes, my favorite was the XO beef, which had a nice deep flavor with very tender beef.  The other meats were also very tender, and were actually not too spicy compared to the Tom Yum soup.  While the meat and the tofu was nicely cooked, the flavors of the dishes in general were just OK.   We finished all of our sizable bowl of soup, and attempted to eat our massive array of dishes, to find that even after eating as much as we could, it looked like we didn't even make a dent in any of the entrees! (A testament to the amount of food they give you in the combination meal)Service was very prompt, and very friendly.  I'll definitely be coming back to try more of their dishes, especially the Hong Kong/Cantonese style dishes vs. the Szechuan and other spicy style dishes I had this time.
5	Came here with friends on a Friday night.  The place was packed and there was a waitlist started.  Good thing part of our group was inside already eating and had reserved our seats.  The food was pretty tasty and the portions were big.  My friend I split a chicken bowl.  It filled us both up.  Our friends got other items on the menu and most of us finished our food.  Just by the looks of the crowd, it doesn't look like this place would be a disappointment.  You should try this place out if you're in the area.
1	Where did I end up eating? The reviews here do not match the atrocity of food I just ate from Asian Cafe Express.    The lo mein was so oily and the fried rice was crunchy....an 'uncooked' kind of crunchy!  I ordered the family special with orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken and mongolian beef.  They did not put ay sauce or give me a side of sauce for my sweet and sour chicken, and the orange chicken was mushy and plain. Everything was so disgusting, I ended up throwing it away after a few bites.  I was very disappointed after having such high expectations with the reviews.  I will never go back and the only word of mouth campaign I'm running is "Do not go here!"
5	Some of the best Chinese food I've had in Arizona. The first time I went, I returned four more times that week with various friends. It's super affordable, as well. The staff are very friendly, and it's a great place for larger groups to eat. It's also a good sign that it tends to be filled with Chinese people. I would definitely recommend to anyone.
5	Great service and great food. The drinks are a bit overpriced, but everything else is pretty cheap. Places like this make me wish you could give them 6 stars. Best affordable Chinese place around.
4	I had to think really hard about what this restaurant was actually called - my friends just refer to it as "the cheap chinese place".The restaurant looks homely, but it's always bustling.  The menu is indeed enormous, and the walls are covered with even more meal options.  They offer everything from fairly pedestrian Americanized Chinese food (lo mein, orange chicken, rice bowls) to authentic Hong Kong-style menu options.Portions are plentiful and many dishes are seriously budget-priced - you can get a rice bowl for about $4.  My favorite dishes are tofu with black mushrooms and the veggie chow fun.  Next time you're in the mood for Chinese, skip the buffet and come here for your fix - you'll get much better quality food for your money.
5	Awesome lunch specials! Many choices with rice, $3.98! If you want REAL, AUTHENTIC Chinese food with ample portions and low prices, look no further!
2	Just got back from eating at Asian Cafe Express.  I went there strictly based on Yelp reviews.  Here is my assessment:Portions=5 starsPricing=5 starsService/friendliness=4 starsFood taste= 2Based on the above, they deserve 4 stars all things being equal. But things are NOT equal.  The taste of the food is what should drive the rating of a restaurant assuming that they don't throw the food at you or spit in your soup.  Other than that , it is taste, taste ,taste.  I was not impressed with the taste of the food.  I have been to NYC Chinatown restaurants, San Francisco's Chinatown, LA's Chinatown, even Paris' Chinatown so I know what good chinese food is.  This is not it.  People's judgement gets clouded by a low price and then suddenly everything tastes great.  You will note that most of the reviews make reference to their low prices and maybe that's why that have all those Best of Phoenix ratings.  People rate restaurants not only on taste but overwhelmingly based upon getting a good bang for the dollar.  This is a case where the bang for the buck reigned supreme.  AND...by the way, they said their toilets were not working.  Isn't it illegal to operate a restaurant without have toilets working properly considering that the restaurant has a capacity of at least 90 people?  Where does the staff go pi-pi?  Just asking.... Anyway,  Food is rated a two and this geeser isn't spending gas to save a few nickels on food.  I would rather pay more for half the portion and feel that I have had a DELICIOUS and DELECTABLE meal.  My husband on the other hand................
4	Best Bang for your buck no doubt!  lunch specials, come check it out.
5	By far and away my favorite for asian food.  Large menu to choose from.  And they always seem to remember you there.
5	best prices for very good quality food. love the curry with the french fries
5	Great food, Fried Rice amazing, Orange chicken & steamed pot sticker.  My new favorite place
2	We ate here last week due to all the good reviews. The staff was friendly. However their food is tailored too much toward the American taste.We ordered Hot and Sourer Soup: Not the normal Chinese style. Strange vegetables and very little tofu. Not bad but a very different flavor. Kung Pow Chicken: It came in a very nice display of chicken and vegetables, however the sauce was way too sweet and bland.MaPo Tofu: Now where near what true MaPo Tofu is Lacking in Tofu again and ground Pork. Again not much flavor. Portions are large and prices are low. But food taste is more important.May return and try something else and hope for the best.
3	The Asian Cafe Express gave me the best Asian experience I have had in years.  The food was excellent and the service was as on point as it could have been.  I have since gone back 4 times and the experience and customer service has remained consistent and Asian as per my preferance.  I'd highly reccomend this establishment.
4	Cheap and tasty food. We've ordered from here a few times and our family enjoys the food.
5	My sister and I love coming here. They have many traditional Chinese options that make us incredibly homesick. We usually get the dry chow fun and the Peking duck. Two of the men who work here remind us of our father. They are so kind and chatty.
3	Interesting. I have been wanting to try this place out for quite awhile. It is located in a older shopping center that is missing the main grocery store. Easy to drive right past. Inside is a no frills situation but casual. There are colorful pictures on the wall of some of the exotic dishes to point at when ordering which I did. In addition there are more specials written in Chinese hanging on the walls.Giant selection of food to choose from with both American and Hong Kong style menus. I was mainly interested in the selections that I have seen in Chinese cookbooks that I own that are not written in English or poorly translated. I have been here a few times now for lunch.Started off with some Spicy Dumplings and then tried the Szechuan Spicy Water Boil Fish which was really tasty. They make their own hot sauce and have it in a jar on the table for extra heat. Also tried the XO Sauce Beef stir fry once with Chili Salt chicken wings on the side which was good. Today the Black Mushroom, Fish Fillet and Tofu Hot Pot with a couple of egg rolls on the side. I think I'm hooked on Hot Pots. Giant portions of food for a reasonable price.Check out their web site for the dish of the week.You can actually bring your own seafood and they will cook it for you. Nice!Service is friendly and quick although I get there when they open. Place can get a little dirty at times in certain areas. Just need a little touch up once in a while. Good thing the Wok is really hot. See you there next time. CHOP CHOP!3.5 Stars
5	Great Chinese food!! The staff is super friendly and the food is delicious! Very authentic! The portions and price are great! I love this place!
5	Delicious and authentic food at very reasonable prices. The portion sizes are large and you definitely get your fill.
5	I really like this place, but not everything here is five star.  I much prefer the way some dishes are made at some of my other local Chinese favorites.  Some dishes here that I do NOT care for have been:  Singapore style rice noodles, ma po tofu, and chow fun.On the other hand, some of my favorites here are the fish and ginger on rice(the basra fish is great in al the dishes), the spaghetti with the fish again, the eggplant with the ground pork, and bitter melon with beef, the Chinese vegetables with garlic, chow mein...Those just come to mind at the moment.
5	Affordable, quick and sooooo good. The waitor was even nice enough to explain the type of soup I was ordering and asked if I was trying to go with something more meaty. If so, he recommended a different bowl. Thank god he did because I almost order something I didn't want! Great service!!!
5	Whenever I went to an Asian restaurant, it was either Panda Express (I know.. right?) or buffets.  My brother's friend recommended this place so we went to check it out. It was my birthday, so a free meal for me.   I was surprised at the menu selection. I mean that is the most I've seen any restaurant offer.  I also like how the place has pictures of their food all over the place too.  The first time I went I got the Ultimate Grilled combo, which does come with the daily special soup (at the time was chicken noodle soup, which could of been better, but hey it was free).  The rice bowl I got was huge and filled me up really fast.  The meats were delicious too.  Couldn't beat the price $8.99 for the whole meal.  The 2nd time I went (the next day) I went with my best friend.  He got the Grilled Combo, and I decided to try the General Chicken.  I'll tell you what with the rice and the chicken I got (large size) I wasn't even able to finish the chicken.  It was so much food for $7.32The only downside about this place (which doesn't bother me anyways) is that it doesn't offer any fountain sodas, just cans.  So if you get pissy about any of that, don't bother going.  They have what I call "exotic" drinks though like Boba with Milk Tea and Taco Coconut with Tapioca (both good) at $2.50 a piece.This place is great if you love that typical "Beef or Chicken with Asian sauces and rice", but it does offer so much more.  I recommend it to anyone actually.  It really is one of the best.
5	This restaurant has won best in Phoenix several times, and deserves to win many MANY more. Excellent food with a huge menu to choose from, awesome soups and noodle dishes and ridiculously inexpensive!! I knew the place was authentic when I walked in and saw items on the wall written in English and Chinese. The ulitmate confirmation came from a friend of mine who lived in China for many years and he told it me it was just like the food he ate while there. I have been going here for 5 years and have been exploring my way through the menu and have yet to be dissapointed.   The ambiance is very simple ad it can get loud, but the food, the staff  the drive (for those not in the East Valley) are SOOOOO worth it!!  GO!!!
4	Got the kung pao shrimp with 2 egg rolls to go.  Still hot when i got home.  Obviously fresh veggies used as they were crisp.  Shrimp were only small to medium in size, but several of them and there were no little red hot peppers.  If you want sweet and sour for egg rolls, you have to get it yourself, but no big deal.  Only wish i could understand what they were saying, but i just smiled back and nodded.  It was very good and nice size portions.  The fried rice was excellent!  Will go back for more!
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because of the price and the quality of the food, for a good 20 square mile area. Their service is pretty average, and their ambiance below average (like any authentic Chinese place...) Unfortunately, if a "good" Chinese place actually had nice interiors, I'd dock OFF a star for the lack of authenticity, haha...I came here the first time for their porridge/congee, since not too many Chinese places offer the dish, and it's one of my faves. Pretty much everything I've ever gotten here was really tasty, and we've been back a good number of times.  I always recommend this as a great local eatery.
4	When I see a shady strip mall and outdated decor, that's usually a good sign. The menu is extensive, the food is good and greatly affordable.
5	The best Chinese food in quality and price and service!!! 2-3x a month we eat there after church..
5	The ONLY place in the East Valley that I would eat Chinese Food!  Suzie and Mike have a helluva way of great service and turn out the best food money can buy!  Great if you are on a budget and even better when you need WonTon for flu!
5	I don't know why I haven't written a review for this place yet. Literally the best place to get Chinese food in Tempe. Cheap price, great taste, and that's it!Yes, I didn't mention the service. It's a bit subpar and you tend to get ignored on busier days. Heck, we even refilled our water ourselves on multiple occasions.But I still give this place 5 stars because the food is THAT GOOD! Great for college students, you can get five huge entrees for 32 bucks with rice, fried rice, and noodles! That's twice the size you would get for a Panda Express meal per person!My favorites by far are the salt and pepper squid and the Peking style spare ribs but almost everything here is amazing. Also this place sucks for groups bigger than eight.
5	i love this place. For the price and the amount of quality food, its my favorite place.  Very simple and the price is right.
4	I'm no cheap scape, but I know value when I see it. Here is our order: 1) Chili Sauce Chicken Dumplings2) Hot and Sour Soup(Huge Bowl)3)Pork Egg Rolls4) The General's Chicken Entree(With Fried Rice)5) Kung Pao Chicken(With Fried Rice)6) Boba Milk Tea7) SpriteThe total cost? Twenty-six dollars. Ridiculous. To make things better, everything was delicious, and the server was very friendly and helpful. My only regret is I didn't order off of the Tokyo Style part of the menu, but there will be another opportunity for that. With such cheap prices and great service, this place is true hidden gem.
4	Get a decorator in here quick cuz....this place needs it.  While your at it get some tables and chairs that are actually comfortable to sit on (instead of the hard, rickety ones currently in use).  The food tastes awesome and is  a very good deal with portions that are meant to be shared.  This place rates 4 stares easy dispite the uncomfortable dinning room.
4	The best, authentic Chinese food I have found in Mesa.  Good food, affordable, and large servings.  It's what I'm looking for...
5	Not a Chinese food expert, in my younger day I would even avoid it at all costs but looking back I think that must have been the MSG. Now that you know that I will tell you this is one of the best Chinese food meals I have ever had. We had just returned to Phoenix from a long vacation and we knew there was no food in the house. So I Yelped and we decided to visit Asian Cafe Express. We all chose a meal but then decided to get the Family Meal. You can order 5 different entrees in addition to white rice, fried rice and lo mein. We ordered orange chicken, kung pao chicken, general chicken, sweet & sour chicken, and kung pao beef. I don't like deep fried or heavily breaded food so I didn't try those three but my kids were very happy.  The kung pao dishes were awesome, slightly spicy but I added more, tender chicken and beef and crunchy veggies, slightly sweet. The fried rice was so yummy - veggies and eggs. We were starving and ate a lot and still brought home at least 6 boxes of food. We had it for dinner and a bit for lunch the next day. The atmosphere is fine, not fancy, the mall has maybe one other business in it. The service was great. Definitely worth the drive for us.
3	Asian Cafe Express shares the same Chinese name as the Cafe de Coral in Hong Kong, and boasts itself as "Arizona's 1st Hong Kong style cafe serving authentic Chinese, Southeast Asia & Western influenced dishes". Over 300 dishes are found on the menu, ranging from the classic Hong Kong style baked pork chop rice to the Americanized sweet and sour pork. Even Hawaiian roast pork appears on the menu. Despite offering a wide selection of Chinese dishes, Asian Cafe Express lacks the "outstanding factor" since it is a "jack of all trades, master of none" restaurant. This type of restaurant serves nearly everything in an ordinary fashion and neglects to specialize in any particular dish.I came to Asian Cafe Express for a weekday lunch and the restaurant was packed. Most of the guests were eating ACE's $3.98 special bowl, a one-item Americanized rice bowl (kung pao chicken, teriyaki chicken, sweet and sour pork, etc.). I summoned the Cantonese waiter and ordered a baked pork chop rice. He told me I would have to wait 45 minutes to 1 hour for this dish. LOL, who has that long to eat lunch? In nearly all HK cafes that I have been to, only 10 to 15 minutes is required to deliver this dish to my table even when the kitchen is busy. All the ingredients are generally pre-processed such that the rice just needs to be stir-fried and the ingredients just needs to be baked to melt the cheese before the baked pork chop rice is served. Unfortunately, this preparation is absent at ACE, likely due to its low demand. A 60 minute estimate suggests that the pork chops had not been cut and fried, the vegetables have not been diced, and/or the rice has not been stir-fried or cooked. Basically the dish is cooked from scratch. Alternatively, I ordered the Fresh Tomatoes with Two Eggs and Beef since it was guaranteed to be out instantly. It arrived in 20 minutes. This rice plate is considered as a basic and classic HK over-rice dish. It was acceptable, the egg was fried crispy on the corners yet not burnt, an attribute that even some HK cafes in Southern California neglect. The tomatoes gravy was not as salty as I expected and beef were tender and cooked properly. However, my biggest concern was the rice that was used. The rice texture was poor. It resembled a very loose rice pilaf rather than Jasmine rice. Rice pilaf is highly uncharacteristic of what is served at a traditional Hong Kong style cafe.To complement the rice dish, I also ordered the daily soup - a carrot and Chinese vegetable soup. It was probably the best Cantonese old-fire soup available in Arizona. Unfortunately, the soup was very oily and contained a lot of MSG. It definitely does not pass the home-style quality test.Finally, I ordered the HK style coffee with milk tea (yin-yeung), to complete the HK-cafe experience. The young waiter informed me that it would take over 30 minutes to prepare, because he had to boil the water and then steep the tea. I received the drink in a soup cup (LOL). I could tell that milk tea and hot beverages are not ordered often enough for the restaurant to order mugs. The yin yeung was prepared with the HK-style procedure, mixing coffee and milk tea in equal proportions, but the milk tea was prepared in an odd way (red tea was mixed with a dash of 2% milk). Overall, the taste was acceptable for Arizona standards. At least better than some places in LA, which give you 75% coffee, 25% English tea, and condensed milk. Asian Cafe Express offers authentic Cantonese dishes on their menu but I think some of the proper ingredients are lacking in Arizona, so the dishes cannot be prepared with the same standard as those found in Hong Kong or even Los Angeles. In Arizona, ACE is considered one of the best HK-style restaurants, but in LA, the restaurant would not survive for more than 6 months.
4	Yelp reviews were very helpful when deciding on where to eat when I was in AZ for MLB spring Training.. We got the family meal great deal tons of food w/ leftovers and who doesnt like chinese food leftovers.. This restaurant was not far from our hotel.. The Decor and atmosphere is not the greatest but you go for the food not pictures on wall. The restaurant had alot of Asians it was packed so you know its good. Also staff had to all be family very nice helpful and some of the best chinese food I have had!! Great food and good times I definately would return!!
5	This is the most authentic Chinese food I've found since I've returned from Southeast Asia. Anything you order is going to be fantastic and authentic. This is not a place for people who think "orange chicken" is Chinese food. This is high-quality cuisine for Chinese prices. If you're looking for something authentic, this is the place.
2	Use to be my favorite but Going down hill. Cheap, but you get what you pay for. I have been paying a little more lately, and going elsewhere. Greasy and the cuts of meat are cheap. Not on the Band list yet, Ill give it one more shot.
5	This place is awesome and I wish I still lived on that side of town.  Now, it's over a 30 minute drive for me to get there.  All of their food is amazing and at such unbelievable prices.  We always order from their Hong Kong Style menu.  The service is also great.  It's family owned so you'll see the parents and grown adult kids helping out.
4	you just can't beat the bowls here for 3.98 you get a lot of chinese food..
5	I've been to China three times now and spent fourteen weeks there in total, so I definitely know what Chinese food should taste like. Asian Cafe Express is the most authentic Chinese food I have found in America. The restaurant itself reminds me of how many restaurants are in China, from the pictures of the dishes on the wall, to the spicy sauce sitting on the table. The dishes seem to mostly represent the styles of Southern China and Hong Kong, which makes sense because most of the staff comes from those regions. Even better than the authenticity of the food are the prices. A specialty bowl consisting of a menu item and rice only costs $3.98. That's fantastic considering how satisfying the meal is. If you want to taste authentic Chinese food without having to pay for expensive plane tickets, check out Asian Cafe Express. And if you can take the heat, order the Kung Pao Chicken!
4	This place is really great. The menu is extensive so it takes some time to get through your first visit. The selection is wonderful. The prices are amazing for the amount of food you get. I love their potstickers! The only reason I gave them 4/5 stars is because their service can be really slow. They usually only have 2 girls working a completely packed dining room. All in all, a great place!
5	Tucked away next to the Subway's in a shopping center at Dobson and Main is this FANTASTIC place !!  My wife and I live in Prescott Valley, and there isn't a Chinese restaurant there that deserves to be called Chinese.  Waaayyyy different story here.  They have an AZ Menu for those used to "Americanized" Chinese food and the Hong Kong menu for the REAL DEAL.  When we arrived at 2:15 p.m. the place was jammed and thankfully, most of the patrons were Chinese!!  That's the first "tell" that you have a good place.  Secondly, the Hong Kong Menu had 4 times the number of pages than the AZ Menu - -also a good sign.  My wife and I ordered 5 dishes, which amazed the waitress.  After we explained about where we lived and that there will be a takeout order as well as the leftovers, she was very happy and understood.  We had the crispy tofu, steamed chicken with vegetables, beef stew hot pot, combo chow mien and beef with XO sauce.  Everything was fantastic.  The sauce that came with the crispy tofu was a house specialty and really added a lot to a normally bland dish.  We used the same sauce on the steamed chicken, which was quite tasty by itself.  Beef with XO sauce was initially spicy, but tamed down the more of it you ate.  The  beef stew hotpot - one of the best I had anywhere and  the combo chow mein was above par.  We did have a large amount left over, which was packed to go with our added order for beef stew noodle soup, wonton noodle soup and Yangchou fried rice.  Haven't yet tried those, as it was only yesterday that we went.  However, I have no doubt that they will be even more delectable, as soup only gets better with time.  We will definitely be back.
5	I'm new to Arizona and was looking for a good Chinese restaurant like the ones in Dallas. I went  after seeing all the reviews and I was very pleased. I was craving the Beef Chow Fun and it was awesome as everyone said it was. I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu.For good authentic Chinese food this is the place to go. I was a little disappointed on how long it took to get my togo order but after trying the food and the girls were very nice which made up for the long wait, it gets my 5 stars.I will definitely go back especially since its only 5 minutes from my office. Major plus.
4	This place has great food but the menu is crazy big! It's like 15 pages long.... Other than that the food and prices are very good
5	I'd now like to give ACE  *six* stars!  I've only recently become aware of the harmfulness of MSG, and they don't use it here, in fact they told me they really hate the stuff because it is bad for you.
5	I read the good reviews on this place and it's near mi casa so I decided to give it a try.  It was so good I was back two days later.  The staff is very nice.  The reviews from the health inspector are up and they are good!  I had a nice amount of delicious food for the price.I ordered the spicy chicken dumplins, Vegetable lo mein and finally vegetable chow fun with soft tofu.  Ambiance is chinese greasy spoon, but looked clean.  EAT HERE!
5	YES. i've definitely just found my go-to Chinese spot in the Valley, and it took way too long.  Their menu is so massive. Good thing asians eat family style. Watching the gringos next to me awkwardly share "weird" plates was quite entertaining. I need new friends to go with me so I can try everything.  But you're uninvited if you're going to order sweet and sour pork or orange chicken! It's in a large strip mall and the neon sign outside isn't working so keep your eyes peeled at night.
5	The best in the valley!!! Great prices, plenty of food, and an awesome staff! Authentic - Check. Great Flavor - Check. Good Pricing - Check. Staff That Actually Cares - Check. You won't find any better.
5	This place is awesome. Even if the wait is long, and it normally is not, Its worth it. If your in a hurry call ahead. Food is amazing and the price is perfect for the portions. In my opinion this is the best "fast" Asian food in the valley.
5	This place is definitely THE place to eat when you're craving, a good (great amount) amount of, quality, AFFORDABLE, Asian food. My cousin introduced me to this place and needed a little conviction for me to agree to eat there. Needless to say,  now I have to convince him to go whenever we eat out. Rarely do I get so excited for a restaurant, but this one definitely deserves it. Servers are so friendly and professional. You will not regret going there. A++ 10/10.
1	I tried this restaurant once.  They used so much MSG that my mouth hurt afterwards.  I won't go back.
5	This is the best Chinese food I have had ever. It is legit and super cheap. Always well worth the $5 I spend for the 2-3 meals it lasts me.
4	So I've come back several times to try more of the menu. I would say to stick to the Hong Kong style dishes and away from the other regional cuisines.  They're not done badly, just not as well.
5	Very yummy, nice staff, cheap! Perfect!
5	Their eggplant and chicken is amazing. Also try the hong kong style milk coffee. They also have a wide collection of asian dishes.
5	Oh boy, where do I begin. This place is personally my favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley. The menu selection is HUGE, so for the super indecisive, their menu might pose a challenge. At the front of the menu, it contains American-Chinese menu classics such as Sesame Chicken and Broccoli and Beef, but as you progress to the back of the menu, this is where the menu truly shines. They carry Hong Kong traditional menu items such as Chinese Broccoli, Thousand Year Egg Soup, Hong Kong styled fried rices and noodles, and a bunch of other things as well! The staff is friendly, sometimes a bit slow, but that's usually because they're so busy half the time! I fully recommend this place for anyone that likes Chinese food.
5	The food is really good (when you know what you've ordered) and prepared fresh which you can judge by the freshness of the meat and the veggies. Also it's not so heavy on your wallet!!
5	Made another delightul foray into Hong-Kong style cuisine, with yet another friend who instantly became a  fan - not surprisingly. We had the salt-and-pepper squid, which was so good: crunchy and pleasantly spicy, and it came as a generous serving which I've come to take for granted at this restaurant. We also ordered the Hong Kong style beef stew - so flavorful with star anise and five-spice; this has become my new favorite. My friend was so impressed that he wants us to go again this week ... and of course I agreed.
1	I've never tried this place before so I went for the first time last night. I ordered a beef dish, fried rice and crab wontons with cream cheese to go. The place was packed, but it had a dirty feel to it and a lot of dirty dishes were stacked in tubs behind the counter. What really disturbed me, though, was that while I was waiting for my food near the register, I had a full view of what was happening in the kitchen since there was no partition. Right in front of the entrance, the cook took out three huge blocks of boneless, frozen chicken parts onto the counter. After sitting they'd thawed a few minutes, I watched him feed them through a deli slicer, into small blocks, presumably to be thawed and cooked up, fat and all. I did not get the impression that the meat was or would be carefully inspected before being cooked. I know a lot of restaurants probably prepare meat that way, but the mass qualities of untrimmed meat I saw being served made me really lose my appetite. When I got home, my wontons smelled really fishy (like they'd been cooked and sat out for a while) and the sauce on my beef was just slimy enough that anything left of hunger quickly fled me. So basically I spent $13 to eat a carton of rice. Their prices are not cheap enough to warrant visiting this place over a quality establishment. Will not be returning.
5	-Generous portion sizes!-Staff, while not fluent in English, is friendly outgoing and goes above and beyond the call of duty. -Restaurant was full when I came and still got prompt service. -Food was delicious-Prices are very affordableOn the whole, best Asian restaurant I have ever had!!!!
5	I'm writing this review just after I trashed Miu's Cuisine down the street, because a couple days ago I walked out of Miu's in disgust and drove up to Asian Cafe Express and had the lunch I was hoping for.  Asian Cafe Express is everything Miu's isn't.  Consistently excellent food, terrific, friendly service (Don't you just love it when the server remembers what you ordered the last time you were there?), served quickly, and you'll never think you've paid too much.  They deserve their excellent reputation.
5	This is the BEST Chinese I have had in the East Valley.  ONLY order from the Hong Kong Style menu. Anything with the scrambled eggs is delicious!  We really loved the pork with yellow leeks and bean sprouts.  The soup was amazing too. Great prices and fresh food.  We WILL be back
4	Price 5/5 - crazy cheap food here, and the quality does not suffer. Spend 30$ for 2 full entries, 2 appetizers, 1 small bowl (think panda bowl), and 1 drink. That includes a 20% tip.Service 4/5 - The workers here were running around. Food came out very very quick (like... do they have the meat precooked in the back or something?), and other than feeling a bit rushed to initially order, service was top notch. Food 4/5 - Food was not bad, but wasn't the best I have had. For the price you are paying, the food is more than enough, and very tasty. However, if you have had real chinese food (China King comes to mind), you will be a bit disappointed.If you are in the area, and want some cheap food later at night, then Asian Cafe express is your place.
3	This would have been a five star review if I wrote it after the first time I came in. The food is incredibly delicious and you get massive amounts for the money. I dont even think I could make it at home as cheaply as you can get it here.We loved it so much the first time we came in that we returned a week later ready for some more. We picked it up and took it home and when we got there I found a long black hair in my food... no way it could have been my own hair (as my husband tried to convince me until he saw it himself). Hair in food just REALLY grosses me out.That being said it was yummy enough that I'll probably be back in a few months. After I get over the hair.
5	Total hole-in-the-wall, dive Chinese restaurant in a strip mall in Mesa. But it's totally effing awesome!!Treated my parents here this evening and was so worth it! Yes, there are poorly photographed pics of some of their dishes on the walls. Yes, it's pretty loud and a couple of flies buzzing around. And, yes, every table is packed with toddlers screaming.But, I promise you that 1. Will have tasty, authentic dishes2. Will have an extremely low bill ($32 for three of us w butt-loads of leftovers??)All I have to say is: this is my new go-to spot for authentic Chinese now. It's worth the long drive from F.Hills to Mesa!
5	The food is outstandingly good!! when ever im on a budget this is the place to go for your Chinese fix. becoming a regular at this Asian cafe was a good choice. always being greeted and well taken care of. kudos to all the hard working servers. Very inexpensive and lots for your money! i always have to ask for a take home box! very good! thanks! id very much recommended the Chinese Garlic Broccoli and Chicken Fried Rice!!
5	I come here all the time! Best Chinese food in the valley! Coming from Boston, I missed good and authentic Chinese. This is the place to go!
3	Super authentic, and boy are they speedy!They have a little something for everybody and holy moly what a menu (Literally like 10 pages)! The $4 "Americanized" bowls of Chinese food are a SMOKING good deal. I was astounded by that, and the fact that you can even bring your own seafood in and they will make it to your liking - Black Bean, Szechuan ect...I just personally wasn't too too impressed by the food I got. I crave authentic/quality dishes, but I ended up with a pretty mediocre one. The Shrimp were super small, and they loaded me up with onions (I get it, hit em with a cheap ingredient in excess). But I don't appreciate paying 9-10 bucks for onions and small shrimp.Another point off because they don't serve beer. I like a nice crisp Tsing Tao when I am enjoying Chinese food.Overall - If you want authentic, and frigging delicious WITH beer and fresh seafood? China King (Alma and Ray) or Hong Kong Gourmet (Rural and Ray) are better options. C+
4	Giant portions for SO CHEAP. Service is slow sometimes but the deal is worth it!!!! The AZ style bowls can fill you up and it's less that 4 bucks.
5	This place is fantastic!! Definitely my go to for Chinese food(: so fast and tasty! The coffee milk tea is the shizz and they are extremely inexpensive and give big portions! You definitely get more than you pay for!
5	Seriously, the best Chinese food I have had in Arizona. This place is like a diamond in the rough. We had the Orange Chicken, Beef Chow Fun, and the soup of the day (daikon and pork I believe). Absolutely delicious! The place was constantly filled with people. The service was spectacular. Will definitely be back!
5	Asian Cafe Express is our absolute favorite go-to place for cheap, delicious chinese food.  We have brought several groups of friends there, and they have become returning customers as well.  We love the lo mein, orange chicken, and mongollian beef.
5	Our go-to place for Chinese food in the Mesa/Tempe area! We love their Mongolian dishes, vegetable fried rice, kung pao, brown rice, Etc etc! Always great service & amazing prices!
5	I heard of this place from a friend and finally decided to go to take out. First of all, their menus is HUGE. Good thing they have lots of pics on the wall. So, I like to order a lot of things when I first visit a place. Monday, I ordered Szechuan Spicy Water Boil Fish, Chili Salt Chicken Wings, Peking Pork Rib, Salt & pepper squid and combo chowfun. It was so good that I went back on Wednesday and tried the orange chicken bowl and combo fried rice. Most asians NEVER order orange chicken when they go eat chinese food. But I dare to try after seeing the picture. BEST DECISION OF MY LIFE!!!!!!! Their orange chicken is AMAZING! better than Panda. Also, its only like $4! Price, portion, and quality of food is Amazing!
4	I LOVE the service in this place. You can chat with the waiters however you want, and they can literally remember your name and your last orders. Nevertheless, the foods are alright. Speaking as a hongkonger, I suggest the HoFun needs improvement. And prices are fair enough. One star down to the foods.
5	They are super friendly and will go out of their way to make you feel welcome....am totally genuine about it. Please return the kindness.  Yummy hot and sour soup hits the spot when you have a cold.  S and P squid is a favorite for a reason. Don't go by decor. Give it a try, especially during the week when less busy.
5	Hole in the wall spot in a somewhat sketchy area, but definitely worth the stop if you just want some great priced food! You get WAY more food for your money than you would get anywhere else, and it's pretty tasty too. They have tons of options. If you have a large family, then definitely check it out. I've only been with one other person, but they have some killer specials for large parties that make me want to order them just cause they are that good of deals!
5	The food there is amazing!!!! And the prices are soooooo cheap. Fast service, in and out in 20minutes
4	This place is my go-to for tasty and cheap Asian food. The menu is huge (about 20 pages) and it's split up by style and origin. So far the hot and sour soup and the orange chicken are my most favorite. The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because of the service. Most of the time you walk in and nobody says a word to you so I've learned to just seat myself. When the waitress finally gets over to your table they are very nice. However, the time it takes for you just to get your food and drinks is a bit too long. It seems to me that it is an understaffing issue. There is usually only 1-2 servers when the place is packed. Just a heads up the regular portion size is plenty for me to be full and have lunch leftovers for the next day.
2	Extremely busy for 130pm on a Saturday afternoon.  Had to wait for a table to be cleaned.  You can tell they do alot of business. .. but the interior needs a good scrubbing.  The bathrooms are filthy,  the high chairs are black with grease..i can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.  The food was good. .. you hey what you pay for.
1	Since my last review my husband and I had been here a few times without any further issues of finding hair in our food. My husband picked this up for dinner on Friday and I've been deathly ill since about two o'clock Saturday morning. 37 hours of extreme food poisoning and counting. I'll never go back.
4	This place is dirty. Service is slow. People are rude. That being said... It's like any other true chinese restaurant! :) I felt the food was pretty authentic. They didn't stray too far from originals. They had a huge selection so there will be something for everyone there. If you aren't used to bustling restaurants or loud talking or slightly questionable sanitation then I wouldn't come here. Overall, food is pretty good just ambiance and service could be improved.
4	Best Chinese food in the city... and thee WORST service in the state!That's the best way to sum up this place. There isn't much that isn't said already in the vast amount of reviews for this place... Now I HATE bad service. I've been known to walk out or ask to see a manager if I get shitty service, but this place has such amazing food, it kind of works itself out. The first time I came here, it took over half an hour for the waitress to ask us what we wanted to drink (!) and then it took another 45 minutes for them to bring the food to us after we ordered. And what I hate is that the servers all have this American Diner from the 60s attitude like "yeah, yeah, yeah... I'm coming, I'm coming. Whaddaya have?" Geez, some fucking service with a smile please? In dining here a few times, this doesn't let up... even when the room is HALF FULL it will STILL take forever to be waited on and it will STILL take forever to get your food, I suggest bringing in some tacos from JITB as an appetizer. Also, protip: if you act like you're in a rush or suuuuper annoyed you'll get faster service; something I picked up on when some regulars at the next table over told me and my friend they do it all the time. Do NOT go here if you're in a rush, it's going to take at least an hour to dine here aaaaand about 15 minutes to eat all the delicious food!! My favorite meal is the Egg Drop Soup to start w/ Orange chicken & Hawaiian beef for the meal with egg friend rice HOLD the onions. perfect meal, less than $30 with enough left overs for a healthy midnight snack... okay 10:30PM snack!
4	I've been coming here for over a year and like pretty much anything I order. The variety is great and caters to almost anybody that walks in. The prices are absolutely fair, especially with the healthy portions they serve. Unfortunately but as I've come to expect from my favorite restaurants, service is slow, forgetful, and at times rude. I do not hold this against them though, because I know the food is worth it. I recommend trying as much as you can. They even have Hong Kong Crispy Noodle. Be weary of the Boba though it can be disappointing at times, but the Milk Tea is always good. Enjoy your meal and make it an adventure.
1	My husband and I have successfully used Yelp to find excellent restaurants.  This is the first time it has completely missed the mark.  This place is one of the most filthy, disgusting, unsanitary places we have ever eaten.  Don't even get me started on the bathrooms, they are worse than most gas stations I've seen.  We were uncharacteristically ready to walk out the door before our waters even came.  However, we've been to places that weren't the most beautiful to look at but had wowed us with their food so we decided to give it a try.  We were already there and with 4.5 stars averaged with almost 200 reviews it had to be great, right?  Wrong!  We started with pork egg rolls (they were o.k.) and hot and sour soup (yuck).  We then ordered  different entrees including orange chicken, Kung Pao chicken, and chicken fried rice.  The only thing that wasn't completely nasty was the orange chicken but it certainly wasn't the best I've had.  The rest of the chicken was rubbery and full of fat/tendons.  We brought three other people with us and we were all staring at each other in disgust.  We will NEVER step foot in this place again!  The reviews have to rigged, it's the only explanation.
4	Some damn good Chinese food!!!!the house special line in and rice are very very good and the Kung pow sauce is incredible
5	Authentic, cheap, huge servings and incredible menu. Tasty and done right. If it's not on the menu, which would be hard to believe, they'll make it! Real Chinese doesn't get any better. Hong Kong in Mesa.
5	Really good food, and very cheap. Fried tofu is excellent, steam chicken with ginger sauce is very soft and juicy, chinese broccoli with garlic is very delicious. Very fast service too!.
5	We love this place! It's the only Chinese food we eat. The orange chicken and dried beef chow fun can't be beat. The fried rice is delicious. Prices are great and the staff are really nice, especially to kids.
4	Food was great. I had the combination fried rice it was maybe the second best I've had at a Chinese restaurant first being China China which burned then closed. My wife had chicken lo mein, flavor was good wasn't dry either like some other places. Also ordered some orange chicken which was above average. The reason why it's only 4/5 is we decided to eat at the restaurant, service was courteous but slow. Seating arrangements are pretty cramped. Next time I eat here it'll definitely be takeout.
4	Great cheap homemade Chinese comfort food ... Very easy to get to and the owners there are very nice to everyone.  They talk with you see how your days are and make sure everything is good in your life.  Overall service was excellent, it's right off the light-rail stop too in Mesa!
5	I used to work near this place and I stop in whenever I am in the area.  I get ONE thing!  Black Pepper Spice Chicken with white rice.  Large portion.  I could eat it everyday and damn near did when I worked out there.This place is very affordable.  It isn't the fanciest sit down place, but that is what helps it stay affordable so it's great.  It has the same ambiance as Filibertos, but who cares?  I love this place!This is a gem and I miss it often.  Get the Black Pepper Slice Chicken!
5	We were looking for a new place to eat in Mesa and decided to have Chinese. Upon finding and entering the cafe we saw that the interior was not very nice. But I ordered the beef and eggplant rice plate inBrown sauce and it blew me away! I'm not a big fan of eggplant but these cooks can make anything taste good! At a cheap price too! The proportions are huge which provide tasty left overs. They had oolong tea which was  nice and very authentic food. A must when in Mesa. The service is very nice and friendly too. Overall an extremely good experience and can't wait to come again.
4	Went here for lunch after a wonderful visit at QC reflexology; felt so relaxed. Maybe everybody should visit QC reflexology before coming here. :-))As soon as you walk in, one can tell this looks like a restaurant that serves an  AUTHENTIC Chinese foods.I found a table and sat myself, however, it took over 6 minutes for a server to stop by. Then it took another 10 minutes for my ice tea and the menu. It took another 20 minutes or so before my food started to show up on my table. The service was slow (took one star).The food was great! Some of it reminded me of the foods I had tried back in Singapore. I ordered the following:Fried RiceSteam ChickenHot & Sour SoupClams with Black BeansSpecial Noodle SoupYou can also bring your own Seafood and they will cook it for you. If you want, you could go across the street to Mekong and purchase Crabs or Lobster and bring them to this restaurant and they will cook it for you. I am going to try that.Service is very slow so be prepared for it or do what I did, visit QC reflexology first, then you will be very relaxed.
5	This place is the best place for you to get Hong Kong style food in Phoenix. Prices are very reasonable, food is delicious. Being born and raised in Hong Kong, every time I go to Asian Cafe Express makes me feel like I am eating at a good restaurant in Hong Kong.
4	We ordered salt & pepper squid, chinese broccoli shrimp, and beef Chow Fun. We enjoyed the food, also they give a large portion. We especially liked the Chinese Broccoli Shrimp. The sauce was tasty, and the broccoli was exceptional. Unfortunately we were not completely satisfied with the salt & pepper squid. It did not taste fresh, and we thought it was frozen. BUT they handled the situation remarkably, and our server immediately apologized. She also offered us another dish, as she quickly reported this to the chef.We are not certain we will come back soon, but I give this restaurant 4 stars because of the phenomenal service.
5	Tried for the first time and food was so delicious !!  Beat I've had in Arizona !   Prices are very reasonable and portions are generous   Def coming back
4	Great food! Made me feel like I was in Rowland Heights, CA. That's a big compliment because there are Hong Kong style cafes everywhere you turn in RH. And they have great food. Well, this place didn't fall behind in any aspect.The Chili chicken dimpling is very good. The fried dimpling was average. The fried Shrimp was crispy and flavorful. The Chili salt chicken wings were excellent! The black pepper chicken over Brown rice was very good as well. Overall, very good food and service! Great job being the first Hong Kong style cafe in AZ! I would definitely come back if I'm in the area.
5	Very good food, with amazing value, we ordered the 36$ combo and got enough food for 2 meals. Great place
4	Great food, good prices.  The tasty food reminds me of the cuisine I get when in Vancouver, B.C. on the west coast of Canada.  Service- a tad slow but the place is good when you're not on a time limit.  Wonton noodle soup - just okay-five wonton come in a light broth with lots of noodles.  The soft tofu with beef over rice is tasty as is the beef chow fun. The  Kung pow is delicious too!   A nice surprise was the iced red bean drink.  Served cold and sweet, this drink is refreshing and filling with the generous amount of red beans!  At $2.50 it is a deal!  We fought over who would take the last bit!
5	Bomb ass food. Me and my date ate general chicken, house chow fun and egg rolls. Errthing was good, waitress was good. But she stayed busy because short staffed.
5	This place! So delicious! I don't make it here as often as I would like but we went last night (7/26). It wasn't too crowded like it usually is so that was nice. Servers were really friendly this time too. We ordered hot and spicy soup, egg rolls, spring rolls, black pepper chicken and Kung Pao chicken. All if it hot, fresh and delicious!
5	Great and authentic Chinese food. Waiters are very sweet and give you the space that you need. Had Mongolian beef, Kung pao chicken and orange chicken with some friends and the food is absolutely delicious! Definitely recommend coming here before spending money on expensive Chinese food.
4	good boba milk tea!  wonderful food. had the Mongolian beef and chicken wings w/ fried rice. the beef was subtely spicy and very flavorful. I will be back.
4	Decided to try this place with my adventurous boyfriend and roommate tonight for dinner! Let me start by saying I was extremely impressed. The staff was friendly and got our order in fairly quickly. Then when we opened the menu, all 3 of our mouths dropped when we saw how cheap each of the items were. We were already loving it! We ordered the Chili salt chicken wings, dumplings, salt and pepper fried squid, and orange chicken with fried rice. I honestly cannot tell you one bite I did not enjoy. I usually run into problems with this style of food because, let's just say I really enjoy salty food. And usually food associated with this type is really sweet. I was so happy to taste how flavorful each bite was!!! Again, raving about this place to all family members and friends.  Definitely will be back :)
5	The food was excellent and the price is reasonable! Orange chicken and fried rice are awesome
5	This has to be my all-time favorite restaurant. We order off the Hong Kong menu and we have never left the restaurant unsatisfied. Everything we try is excellent and has a very authentic taste. I hope to try every dish on the menu. The owner (or maybe it's the head chef?) is a very friendly older man who comes out from the back sometimes and says hi to people. This isn't the nicest looking place but since the food is so great and the prices are way low, I'll keep come back forever.
4	I'm not gonna lie, you'd get your money worth if you decide to come here (don't believe me? Try the family style combo you'll get plenty of food for $25). It's a pretty basic looking chinese resto off of Phoenix Asian strip (I meant along Dobson, for some reason most Asian resto/market concentrated along this street..don't ya think?). Food quantity is good but quality? I think they can do a bit better, hence the four stars. Service is so so depending how tired the servers are (don't blame them, looks like they're there erreday from open to close) but they always box your leftovers for ya so can't complain! Overall, I definitely recommend this place. Try their wings, black pepper chicken, fish & bokchoy, combo xo fried rice, crispy ribs chow mein with black bean sauce and the coffee milk tea with boba! :)
5	Great tasteHuge amount And inexpensive I do not think I cam ask more.But plan ahead, it is quite busy
3	The food is great, my friends and I come here ALL the time. I just wish the service was a little better. There is one waitress in particular that I don't really care too much for. She never smiles and replies with smart remarks. She has short hair with a kind of reddish brownish color and bangs. She also doesn't like to bring customers refills or to-go boxes.I asked for the "Slice Chicken with Curry Sauce and Rice" as it says on the menu and on the picture over on the wall.She looks at me like I'm stupid and says "the Chicken Curry?"I took a moment before I replied "yes" and she rolled her eyes...Needless to say, I didn't tip, even if they remember who I am.That  happened yesterday and it gave me one of the most uncomfortable feelings I've ever had in a restaurant. She always gives us that kind of service when we come in, so I always hope for someone else to take care of us instead.Other than that, I LOVE the food. Off their AZ Style Menu, the Black Pepper Chicken and Twice Cooked Pork are simply amazing. If you're looking for seafood, the Chow Fun is unbeatable. You can even bring your own seafood and they will cook it for you (must be purchased same day and need to have market receipt). Everything goes great with an appetizer, like the chicken wings or pork egg rolls.All this food at great prices, a large amount of the menu is just under $5, AWESOME.This place is great but it COULD be perfect. Just needs to take care of a few things....
5	Went here with friend and fellow yelper John M. for Sunday lunch, to try their dish of the week which is announced and updated weekly in their facebook page. This week it's a crispy chicken dish with country style sauce. It turned out to be one of the best chicken dishes I've ever had - really juicy and tender, with crispy skin and covered with a savory spicy sauce. This was one of two dishes we ordered and came a bit later than the other one probably because of extra time needed to crisp up the skin in frying, but it was worth the slight additional wait. This place never ceases to amaze and delight me.
5	I wanted to give a 4 stars for the long wait. But the food changed my mind. By far the best and the cheapest HK food I have in mesa and phoenix area. If you are from hk , you would definitely like the food here. They have a lot of variety and they are authentic.
5	The wait is a lil long when it's busy but it's worth the wait....I live there food so amazing the employees know us already that's how u know we are frequent customers yumummmy
4	DO NOT EAT THERE!! DO TAKE OUT! The service is horrible. But the food is amazing and cheap! My boyfriend and I made the mistake of eating there, and we were so irritated about the service, but once we got our food it really didn't matter be uses the good was SO good! We had the orange chicken, low mein, and broccoli and beef. The beef was kinda fatty and was not of fan of that. The chicken was really crisp.
5	All I can say is yum. Best food I have had in a long time. This will be my go to place when I am in town.
5	Great service, great variety, delicious food, large portions, great prices. Best Chinese in town!!
4	This is one of the best authentic Chinese restaurants in Arizona that I have been to. Of course you can't expect it to be as good as those in Hong Kong. They have 2 menus: one with authentic Chinese/Hong Kong style food, and another with American "Chinese" food (eg. egg roll, orange chicken, beef broccoli, etc etc, which are what the low rating reviews were describing. why would you even eat American food at a Chinese restaurant anyway) You can buy your own fresh seafood from the Mekong supermarket across the street and this restaurant will cook it the way you want it (which is awesome because this makes it so much cheaper than seafood at other Chinese restaurants with their own fish tanks)
5	Affordable, authentic and large portions! Perfect place for take-out. It seems to always be a full house here.Menu is a little overwhelming but there are pictures of entrees all around the restaurant for reference.
5	This place is always poppin! My boyfriend and I are obsessed with this place (: we come here at least once a week! The staff is always so friendly to us and the food is definitely underpriced!! The coffee milk tea is fantastic! I definitely recommend this place (despite all the bad reviews) easy fast amazing Chinese food (:  the general chicken and the Orange chicken is super awesome. The Lo Mein is the way to go!!
5	I am a local Hong Konger and found this place way beyond my expectation. For a small cafe it has the most variety of dishes, combos and mix and match. All fresh made and delicious. They also have specialty drinks such as boba, Hongkong styles milk tea and many more. I have been there multiple times, actually every time before I go shop at Mekong market across the street. It's way better than all the other Asian restaurants inside Mekong and I consider it a hidden treasure! It's a small restaurant hidden inside the corner of this half empty plaza. I highly recommend this place!
5	Not the fanciest place, but the food is fantastic. Love the noodles - Singapore style noodles and beef chow fun.
4	Came here during a BUSY Sunday night and was pleasantly surprised. My bf and I were seated right away and waited a bit for waters and to get ordered but after that, we were blown away. The food... Oh my goodness. We inhaled all we could in a matter of minutes. And all we could keep saying was, "oh my god.. SO good" ... And so affordable. Huge portions. And our waitress was the sweetest thing. So attentive and so gracious from the tip we gave her. She even bagged our leftovers for us. We would've came back that night just to order from our waitress for a dessert I was eyeing but my stomach was about to implode of delicious Chinese food. I'm so happy this place is down the street from our church because this is our new go-to!
5	If there was an ACE near my house I'd go broke. Food is so good and price is cheap for how much you get!  Great quality and taste for an amazingly cheap price. Try the Chinese coffee with milk tea and Mao Po tofu!
3	Prices are really cheap and portions and generous.  It seems to always be busy which is a good sign.  Service can be a bit slow and it's not a date night type of place but there selection is large and there chinese menu of dishes are hard to find in the Phoenix area.  I would give this place 4 stars except for the fact that what ever oil they use for what seems like all of their dishes has a strange aftertaste to it that I can't place.  It's not present in the dishes when I order them in Chinatowns in San Fran, New York, Philly.
5	Highly positive experience.Anyone I spoke to said their's was also and it seemed a highly diverse group some of whom are not easily pleased. The place is small and people are waiting for a space. Every employee is working as hard and fast as they can.We were a group of six and did not know what we were doing. The many foods were enjoyed. The food is what means the most but the service was 100 *!I have not had a place that was going at exceptionally high speed patiently explain the foods to me. The man nelt down and I will always remember that.
4	Real, authentic Chinese cuisine at its finest. A small hole in the wall place. I had the combo chow fun, and it was absolutely amazing.
4	(Lyrics - Red Hot Chili Peppers - Under The Bridge)It's hard to believeThat there's no good Chinese foodIt's hard to believeThat I'm so hungryAt least I have her foodThe cafe she loves meBo Bites as I amTogether we tryI don't ever want to feelLike I did that dayTake me to the place I loveTake me all the way(Asian Cafe Express!)Is where I ate some rice(Asian Cafe Express!)I could not get enough(Asian Cafe Express!)Don't forgot about my spice!(Asian Cafe Express!)I had to Yelp away..........Cheap good Chinese style cuisine from all parts of the China!Sha-wha!? No it's Shu Mai stupid!  Anyways, came here with 6 friends and we were going to do it the hard way; everyone order something, but instead we saw the Family Style Dinners.  They had every region: Hong Kong, Northern, Szechuan, and even Spicy!  Not sure where the spicy region came from, but we decided against it this time around since one of my buddies is wimp when it comes to spice.  Along with the Family style comes with fried rice, white rice, and chow mein.  Our 5 sides we order were XO Beef, Mapo Tofu, Fried Tofu, Calamari, and the last dish was Chicken, but not sure what it was called!  My bad peeps!  Overall my favorite was the XO Beef and Calamari.  Just enough spice on the beef dish while the calamari was perfectly seasoned and breaded to a crunch munch!  Service was friendly and fast, but the place was definitely a dive!  In the end, the bill came to about $50 for 6 people, but we couldn't even finish -- Fail! - Enjoy!
5	Love this place! But so does everybody and their mothers.To be a take-out l33t: call ahead to place an order, otherwise you're gonna have to wait because the restaurant is always packed. Make sure to order off the Hong Kong Style Menu. It's 10 pages long, so if you're indecisive, just close your eyes and point to something. It'll probably be good.No surprise it's always busy here, as they're practically giving the food away at those price points.
5	I am only in central PHX for 2 years, I am used to great Chinese food in NYC where I came from. I found a great take out in north Scottsdale which I also rate 5 stars, Red House. This place is a nice size restaurant, mostly Asian clientele, and you could tell they are satisfied regulars. I was referred here, came with 3 friends, and we were so impressed. The menu is so huge with food from many regions and Hong Kong. There was so much I wanted to try, I will be back regularly to do so. We had noodle dishes, egg rolls, soups, dumplings, Chicken and pork dishes, we ate enough for 3 meals. Everything was so great. The waitress spoke English but with a little difficulty. She was so cheerful, friendly, pleasant and came back when she could despite the huge crowd at 8 PM.It was the best 20 minute trip I took since moving here.
4	I really like this place! Authentic menu and quick service. Also take out all day.
4	We were amazed at how busy this place was on a random weeknight!  I called to place an order and could hear how chaotic and loud it sounded in the background.  When we came to pick up the order, every table was full and there was a line of people waiting to pick up their food.  We ordered chicken fried rice, chicken lo mein, pork egg rolls, orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken.  You have the option of two different sizes of each item wen ordering.  The small sizes are plenty big and we had so much leftover food.  The orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken were both really crispy and the lo mein was loaded with chicken and veggies.  I wish they delivered, but since they don't, I guess I will have to brave the crowds because it's the best Asian food I've had in a very long time.
5	Great food, really happy with my choice to eat here. Prices are outstanding as well. Always warms my heart that know there's someplace I can get a really great meal without emptying my wallet.
5	Went there first time on a Friday afternoon for a late lunch...got the Kung Pao Chicken..it was the BEST I have had in a long time in AZ. It was spicy and authentic which usually it ends up being very fake tasting like Pei Wei...but not this place! Even the Crab Puffs were perfect! Also it was pretty busy for a Friday afternoon at 2, but the service was still great! In addition the prices were remarkable..fed two people with 15 bucks out the door. Bravo Asian Cafe Express...I will definitely be back again!
5	The fiod is great. They really need to expand the space, . Its pretty crowded. Service was fast and friendly .
5	This is the best Chinese food I've ever had. The menu is huge and should have something for everyone.  The staff are all Asian, and the place is always patroned by Asian customers, which was a good sign for me from the start.
2	Went in on a weekday around 4pm. There were four other tables, three of which were already served when we came in and one that was seated after us, a party of two looking to spend around $40. 26 minutes later, and we still has not been asked our order. We had our menus closed and were waiting to spend our money. Alas, the Chinese wait staff served the Chinese customers who came in after us, so we ended up leaving and spending money elsewhere. If you can wait more than 26 minutes to be checked on, and tolerate differential service that appears based on skin color and appearance, maybe this place is for you. It's not for us and I've removed it from my restaurant rotation. We'll have no problem finding solid Asian fare in this town.
5	Can't go wrong with most of the menu  (or @ least what I've tried  so far) not the best of service I gotta admit when it picks up but the quality of the cuisine & the value for the buck, this place rules! One suggestion to the owners if they're reading: open another location &/or find a bigger boat  & keep up the good work & I'll keep on coming back
5	This place is the best! Good food and even better prices. They have $3.98 rice bowls which are full of quantity AND quality; one of which you'd have to sacrifice elsewhere. I love ordering from here.
4	The range of authentic Asian options will impress the adventurous foodie but the lack of seating means that, unless u win the lottery, u will have to order out, or wait a while for a table. Patience is rewarded though! Usually the quality of the food has always been top notch; but like all good restaurants, you need to know what you like or you might end up with a meal unsuited for you. The fried rice is the bomb, and comes in too many varieties for me to list here; including those that you would not find on an Americanized Chinese Food Menu. The only thing that I would say is a draw back is the new egg rolls, the egg rolls were at one time a must have but the new supply is forgettable at best. If you like Chinese food then you must try this place, but I would say to do so before 5pm otherwise you will get caught up in the crowd.
5	This is awesome! Gotta love the food here and the service. Have to try the general chicken with egg fried rice. Definitely the place to go!
4	The place is popular with the locals as it is an authentic Hong Kong style cafe. I find their noodles soup isn't as good as their pan fried dishes. Their HK Style Tea are great!
