5	First, I would like to say we crashed their soft opening for their family and friends. But they welcomed us  in anyways. We had the chicken and carne asada tacos. They were wonderful, it was like a real street taco. Everything your looking for a soft, cheesy corn tortilla filled with beans, meat and all the yummy fixins. I will say I am a meat snob, I loved the carne asada. It was tender and had a real savory flavor...secret recipe?? It was really great.  It was so yummy I am taking the kids over today, so we can be a paying customer.
5	Very very good. I am super picky about my authentic food because normally it tasted pretty bad in the states, but this was soo very very good. I think I tried everything on the menu. The ship cocktail is so good I'm going back today. My kids also loved it including the chips and salsa.
3	Based on their viral attempts alone, I am giving this place five stars. The food will be consumed in the next few days and I will report back in the findings.Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of small business and the entrepreneurial spirit and I hope these guys succeed and are successful. I think these guys can probably make it.  Before I go into the food, I have a couple of suggestions:1) Maybe more sound deadening material, everything was hard surfaced and it got loud.2) Bring the food to the table, don't make me get up to get it, and then have it be only half of the order.3) Put the menu by the food so people can look at it and decide what to order.  Or don't display the food like a Chipotle where we are conditioned to try to order our food from where the food line begins.  You can have it over by the register, but put it by the food too. I'm sure you are constrained by the layout, but you should consider it.4) Put up pictures of the food.  For $2, I figured you got more than one mini taco.5) Why no salsa bar?  Those things are the bee's knees.  The red and green salsa on the table was really not all that impressive.Why not have the soda dispenser out on that counter there where you just have the napkins and such?6) Remember, friends and family will tell you that you serve the best food ever, and truth be told, a customer will say the same as they probably aren't that interested in engaging in a discussion at the time.  Tonight when asked, my answer was a bit ambiguous, but that was intentional, as I was eating dinner and then had some place to be.7) Maybe do business in the office, looking at register polls and sitting in the dining room when a dinner rush is supposed to happen doesn't give off the right vibe.  Especially if there is grimacing over the register receipts.8) I say spend less on advertising and more on the preparation of the food.  If it costs a few bucks extra to cook everything to order, at least initially, you'll make more on word of mouth than any other form of advertising.  Cooking to order doesn't have to take an excessive amount of time.OK, the hype outshined the product.  I know there are a few highly rated reviews on here, but I do  not concur, and apparently Yelp! doesn't either.  First thing I noticed aside from the fact that I thought I had walked into a Chipotle, is that a mini-taco is $2!  For a quality product, I'm fine with paying this, but most placed you can get 5 better tacos for $5, and the carne was not up to snuff.A better value for the money is the nachos, but watch out.  I had some chips that were BEYOND salty.  This was $6.50.A regular carne asada taco is $4.  Again, nothing to write home about.So in fairness, all that was sampled was the carne, and it was disappointing.  Personally, I like carne right off the grill, this place puts it in little pans that sits in a steam table and it stews.  You go to El Pollo Loco and usually that chicken is right off the grill, never have I had meat that sat around in stewing in a steamer.  It can't be that hard to make this stuff to order is it?Maybe you have to bite the bullet and cook this meat to order, that's what people want, not the same old meat that's been sitting in the warmer table that really everyone else does.  Maybe if you were doing a colorado or verde, that would be understandable, but you are selling grilled tacos.  Not grilled then stewed until someone comes in to order them tacos.  When you guys were doing your tasting and recipe making, did you make the meat, sit it in the warmer and then eat it 20 minutes later or did you grill it and eat right then?I've given my opinion and no doubt others will disagree and of course that's fine, hell, I encourage it.  Again, I root for small business and I'm rooting for you.Hopefully these are just growing pains.  The three stars is really to give them the benefit of the doubt.
5	Lately I have been trying hard to get my kids out and try new places, sometimes that goes over well, other times it doesn't. Tonight, it went over very well.Don't get me wrong, there is much that others might criticize about the place, but I think that most of that could actually be some of the place's unique strengths. I found Frijoles to be refreshingly unappologetic.1. The location: Opening a new place in Vegas can be a gamble, especially a place away from the strip and tourism. In this case, that is a good thing. This place isn't for the tourists (although they are missing out if they don't seek out the unique in Vegas), it is for the natives.2. The menu: There are some unique options on the menu, such as tongue and "cabeza." The meat options on the menu also are in Spanish only, and the cashier had to translate them for my kids. Again, this did not bother me at all, because for us it added to the experience. Tongue is not something that my kids are used to seeing on menus and their disgusted reaction was exactly as I expected it to be, but I like that the place caters to a specific crowd and isn't out to please everyone.3. The setup: This is an easy one to pick apart, as the line and ordering are different than most are used to (and by most, I mean the Qdoba/Chipotle/Cafe Rio lovers). This is one thing that I would not say is a strength, but it is not necessarily a hindrance either. It is a bit awkward to walk in past the food and not really be able to see the menu until you are up to order, but that is only an issue the first time, after that, you pretty much know the menu for any repeat visits.4. Fast food?: This is the one critique that I will make on which I would like to see some improvement. The food did come out to us piecemeal and it did take some time. One child's nachos came first, followed by another's fries, then the last three dishes came out all at once. for the first 2 dishes, my number was called and I had to get up to get them, the last 3 were brought out to us. I am totally fine with the food coming out at different times, or getting up to get my food, but not both at the same time. If the food is going to be ready seperately, then it should be brought out to the table. During a busier time having to get up to get out food would have meant having to break through the ordering line due to the setup, so my one big suggestion to the management would be to have the food brought out to the guests.5. Finally, the food: My whole family thought that the food tasted really good. Between the 5 of us, we had a good variety of the items on the menu, and everyone sampled each dish. I had the carnitas burrito which was good, but after sampling the kids chicken dishes, I wished that I would have gone the chicken route instead. They also have an awesome variety of drinks in addition to the usual fountain drinks. Unfortunately they did not have the pineapple drink tonight, but my wife got the chia seed water, which was really good.overall, probably not perfect by many standards, but we really enjoyed the food and my kids have a new favorite place for nachos. It is locally owned and offers an authentic taco shop experience.
5	Delicious! I love authentic Mexican food! Great food and great prices! Owner was there and greeting patrons and was very friendly! I will definitely be back and with my kids!
2	I had very high expectations for Frijoles, and I think with a few changes they could turn things around.The positives first.Very clean and well decoratedTacos had a layer of cheese that was a nice idea and tasted deliciousGreat GuacamoleGood salsaFor some reason the fountain coke was really goodVery friendly staffDown sidesHard to figure out how to order, looks like a Chipolte when you walk in but you order at the opposite side where the register is.No pictures to see what the food will look like.Sneeze guard at head level makes it hard to communicate to staff.  (health dept thing not the restaurants' choice I'm sure.)Very loud in dining roomChips were passable but way too salty.  Possibly try less salt and a finer grain like popcorn salt since a little goes a long way.Expensive for the portion size.Carne tasted washed out like it was sitting in a pan and lost its caramelization.  Maybe I should order fresh off the grill next time?Over all I have high hopes for Frijoles and think they could do very well with a few changes.  Good luck guys!
5	After reading reviews on frijoles, I was prepared to be let down, but I was not. The food was delicious and unique for a Mexican grill. I ordered for my family of six two plates of nachos, three full size tacos, a tostada, a dinner size salad, and some street corn. I chose a variety of meats offered including pollo, carnitas, carne asada and lengua. Everything was delicious, but to me the carnitas and the carne asada stood out as being the best. My kids are young but they ate and ate until they were stuffed full. Often it is a challenge to get them to eat, but they loved the food here as did the grownups. I really liked how they were liberal with the guac, cheeses, and pico de gallo. All of it was fresh and awesome. I really should have only had two tacos, but I ate three and sampled everything else I had ordered, but the food being great it was totally worth it being stuffed to the point of discomfort. I had to go on a long and vigorous walk afterward just to not feel like it was a post thanksgiving food coma coming on. The 16 oz. bottle of Mexican coke helped to fuel my journey. The staff let our kids sample the juices, and they raved how good it was. Well done, frijoles! Two minor improvements could be made. Ok, first it would have been great to have all of our food come out at once, but they did serve it to us literally hot off the grill, so maybe just do the whole order all at once instead of jumping from order to order. Second, it was bit pricey to make it a replacement for a weeknight dinner on a regular basis. We may have over-ordered, bit it was still about $20 more than dinner at Cafe Rio. That being said, it was delicious and I left really happy :-)
2	This location used to be a pizza hut.It was lunch time. I have seen the place prepping for opening for awhile now and as I drove by I saw they were open. A new place, gives me a chance to Yelp, turned around and went back to try it.The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the have red and green sauces at the tables, they were both good.They have a fairly good selection to choose from and a good selection of the Mexican style drinks horchatca, fresa (strawberry), pina (pineapple), mango etc.. They were giving out samples of the drinks.I had a carne asada burrito, it's just a burrito, no sides, $6.95 plus $1.50 for cup of soda. It was similar to the carne asada burrito at Roberto's taste wise. The burrito at Roberto's is $7.35, but it comes with sides of rice and beans, it includes a drink (lunch special).The carne asada was too grizzly, several pieces too tough to chew through. When I hit the first piece I spit it into a napkin and continued eating, did the same with the second piece. When I hit the third piece, I was done. I saw them bring out the meat, so they chop it there, perhaps they could cut the large pieces of grizzle out, before chopping it up. Eating shouldn't be a physical challenge. It's a shame since the flavor was good, as I said, the taste reminds me a lot of Roberto's, If I was rating just on the burrito I had, it would be one star. I gave the extra star because the staff was great and helpful, more help than I needed, I know enough Spanish to understand the menu and the different drinks. But, more help is better than too little. They have a variety of meats to choose from, so the other meats may be fine, I can't say. You may want to give them a try. I was really hoping it would be good, because it is convenient and not in with a group of food places, where the parking gets chaotic at lunch time. Since I like carne asada and will eat somewhere else and have carne asada, rather than order something else so I can eat here, I can't see me coming back.They are new, only open for a couple of weeks, hopefully they will work out the bugs.
5	FRIJOLES!! Let me start out by saying the second I took a bite of the food I texted several friends how great it was (with pictures included) I had to try three different mini tacos to see which I would like most, Al Pastor, Lengua, and Carnitas, each one was equally delicious. The freshness of the onions, cilantro, and salsa just added to the greatness of each meat. As a huge fan of burritos, I got the Carne Asada burrito with avocado, sour cream, pinto beans, pico, and cheese. It was packed with flavor and freshness. All the meat is grilled do don't expect the greasy norm!The staff was impeccable. The lack of a self serve salsa bar won't stop you from getting what you want from any of helpful crew here. I will be back to enjoy more from Frijoles.
5	Really, really tasty new taco shop. Delicious carne asada, carnitas and al pastor! I will be back again, and again, and again... If you're considering eating here, do yourself a favor and just go and get some delicious food.
5	I have great expectations,  but they let me down,  i order the carne asada salad, w beans,  rice, tomatoes letuce and steak, but the dressing is to watery,  too runny, the steak was blend and the rice mushy,  also get the guac and chips, the chips way to salty, and the guac was bland, need a little lime , cilantro onions or seasoning, just taste like a mash avocados, the staff was very friendly,  thats why i give the 5 stars, i hope you fix it all and for my next visit u will get the corn, (they didnt have it this time), good luck ...
5	Good Food, good prices, walking distance from work what more can one ask for? Maybe delivery  service lol
5	Hands down the best Mexican food on the west side of Vegas.  Loved the cucumber agua fresca!!!  Chicken Tacos tasted hot off the grill and were packed with flavor. Red salsa on the table was my favorite. My kids loved the cheese quesadillas and nachos. Plate was big enough for all to share.Good vibe, tasty food and a great place for families. I'll be back.
5	I am updating my review a little to make notes of a few improvements, my original review remains below.I already loved this place, and it remains a new family favorite, and it seems to be spreading around my extended family like a virus, as we bring more family back each time.First, this place is worth the trip just for the delicious drinks that they serve. My wife loves the "Chia water" and I can't get enough of the pineapple drink. We find ourselves wanting to go back frequently just for the drinks.Second, here are the improvements they have made since the last time we ate there: the food now comes out much more quickly, and you no longer need to get up multiple times to get food for your table, because they now give you numbers to place on your table, and then bring the food out to the table. this is a small thing, but really made the visit this time so much better. Thanks to the management for implementing the small changes suggested by the Yelp community. Other than that, our food was again, delicious. My original full review is below.Lately I have been trying hard to get my kids out and try new places, sometimes that goes over well, other times it doesn't. Tonight, it went over very well.Don't get me wrong, there is much that others might criticize about the place, but I think that most of that could actually be some of the place's unique strengths. I found Frijoles to be refreshingly unappologetic.1. The location: Opening a new place in Vegas can be a gamble, especially a place away from the strip and tourism. In this case, that is a good thing. This place isn't for the tourists (although they are missing out if they don't seek out the unique in Vegas), it is for the natives.2. The menu: There are some unique options on the menu, such as tongue and "cabeza." The meat options on the menu also are in Spanish only, and the cashier had to translate them for my kids. Again, this did not bother me at all, because for us it added to the experience. Tongue is not something that my kids are used to seeing on menus and their disgusted reaction was exactly as I expected it to be, but I like that the place caters to a specific crowd and isn't out to please everyone.3. The setup: This is an easy one to pick apart, as the line and ordering are different than most are used to (and by most, I mean the Qdoba/Chipotle/Cafe Rio lovers). This is one thing that I would not say is a strength, but it is not necessarily a hindrance either. It is a bit awkward to walk in past the food and not really be able to see the menu until you are up to order, but that is only an issue the first time, after that, you pretty much know the menu for any repeat visits.4. Fast food?: This is the one critique that I will make on which I would like to see some improvement. The food did come out to us piecemeal and it did take some time. One child's nachos came first, followed by another's fries, then the last three dishes came out all at once. for the first 2 dishes, my number was called and I had to get up to get them, the last 3 were brought out to us. I am totally fine with the food coming out at different times, or getting up to get my food, but not both at the same time. If the food is going to be ready seperately, then it should be brought out to the table. During a busier time having to get up to get out food would have meant having to break through the ordering line due to the setup, so my one big suggestion to the management would be to have the food brought out to the guests.5. Finally, the food: My whole family thought that the food tasted really good. Between the 5 of us, we had a good variety of the items on the menu, and everyone sampled each dish. I had the carnitas burrito which was good, but after sampling the kids chicken dishes, I wished that I would have gone the chicken route instead. They also have an awesome variety of drinks in addition to the usual fountain drinks. Unfortunately they did not have the pineapple drink tonight, but my wife got the chia seed water, which was really good.overall, probably not perfect by many standards, but we really enjoyed the food and my kids have a new favorite place for nachos. It is locally owned and offers an authentic taco shop experience.
5	Best in town!This place is great! I tried both the chicken and beef tacos and found them to be perfectly seasoned and unbelievably fresh tasting. Service was pretty fast, but this is not fast food type of Mexican food - not by a long shot. The quality and taste of the food has now ruined me for the typical Mexican fast food joints.Clean, bright, and a great atmosphere. I am really pleased that this place is not just another clone type restaurant that is the same boring place and has the same boring food everywhere you go.I have been telling all my friends about this place and can't wait to go back.
5	So this place is seriously rad. The chia limeade drink is amazing, that one blew me away. This is the first good Mexican place on the west side.  I keep trying different stuff and so far I love the quesadilla  with Al Pastor meat the most. So I brought the whole family  (6 of us)  and it totally worked. I felt comfortable and got the real deal food.So I also  tried their Mexican street corn. That stuff was amazing. If you haven't tried it just do it- so good, blow your mind good. You have to try it, now!
5	Delicioso!!!! My family and I went with another family. I had a crane asada salad that I loved! The rice and beans in the salad were delightful, and the steak was flavorful! My friend had the pork salad, and she enjoyed it too. Two people in my party had crane asada tacos. One had mini tacos and the other had the regular tacos. The guy who had mini tacos said they reminded him of the tacos he had when he lived in Mexico. My husband had the regular tacos, which were far from regular. They had rice, beans, pico, and guac with the meat. The kids in our group had nachos. We also ordered chips and salsa and guac. Everything was delectable and reasonably priced. We're just visiting Vegas, but this will be our regular stop when we do. We're going again before we head home!
5	Went here based on the 4.5 stars on yelp. Was craving a mexican shrimp cocktail. It was bomb! Loaded with shrimp,  avocados, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and the sauce was perfect!  Didn't need to add a thing to it. Did I mention it is huge? My husband ordered the El pastor plate it was a little different then traditional El pastor but still yummy. The beans were amazing not the traditional pinto beans that you find every where they use Peruvian beans. We also got elote.  Super sweet and seasoned perfectly.  Very impressed, we will definitely be back. Keep in mind that they are closed on Sundays.
5	So good! We went for the first time tonight. Between us, we had a cheese quesadilla, veggie tacos, a mini chicken taco, a carnitas burrito, beans, chips with salsa and watermelon aqua fresca.Everything was delicious and fresh. It's like Los Tacos, but better! Also the restaurant is clean and newly refurbished. My son and husband both enjoyed it and we will be back.
5	For starters, the chia water was so refreshing.  Plus they had several other delicious waters as well.  I had the carnitas tostada, cheese quesidilla, mexican corn and chips and salsa.  Loved it all.  Authentic and full of flavor. I wish it was tomorrow already so I could go back...
4	Not bad. Juices/drinks are great (no alcohol )  selection is decent with items you won't find too many other places. Street corn on the comb,
5	Wow! We are always looking for  good service and quality food and frijoles definitely has it. food was great! My new favorite!
5	Now I want to preface my review with the fact that we are huge Arturo/Nancy fans. We came up from LA and we were not disappointed! The food,  prices and service is excellent!  It was a joy meeting and chatting with the store's propertor. I expect great things from this restaurant!
5	Yaaaaaaas the chicken quesadilla was the best quesadilla I've ever had and I've had a lot of quesadillas in my day. Great service and delicious food okay thank you
4	I wanted to try a new place for dinner and am glad we found this one. Here It's worth it for just the drinks alone! This place used to be a Pizza Hut, but once you step inside you forget about all of that. Inside was very clean and they offer plenty of seating. You walk up to the counter to place your order and then they give you a number to place on your table. When your food is ready it is brought out to you. Our food didn't all come at the same time which seemed odd. The girl who took the order was very nice and offered me samples of their freshly made drinks. Watermelon Agua Fresca ($2.50) - Very tasty and refreshing. I couldn't put it down! They have many other flavors just ask for a sample to see which you'd like. Mini Taco Al Pastor ($2) - This has onions cilantro, salsa and a fair amount of meat. I thought the tortilla tasted good and the taco was decent. Not as good as some of the street vendors I have been to, but decent for the price and nice flavor. They also have tacos similar to "Los Tacos' that are $4.50 each, but come with sour cream, rice, rice, beans, cheese, salsa and avocado.Rice and Beans ($2) - Sadly, they were out of rice. I said that it was ok and I'd just try the beans. They apologized and gave us an extra side of beans instead. I was hoping with a place called Frijoles, that they would have amazing beans. I just thought they were ok. They weren't bad. Just nothing wow and could have used more seasoning or something.Chips and Guacamole ($3) - I love that they use fresh avocados here! The guac tasted great, but could have used a bit more salt. The chips were very good.Cheese Quesadilla ($2.50) - Simple yet tasty from the first bite. The tortilla tasted good and it wasn't loaded with cheese, but what was there could be tasted and it was good. Simple can be very good sometimes! I'm glad we tried this place and look forward to coming back and trying more. The only downside, they have no salsa bar. They need a salsa bar!
5	Great food. All the ingredients are fresh. The staff was always cutting and prepping. The server was very nice and was smiling and genuinely cared if we enjoyed our meal. I ordered a chicken salad and my wife ordered chicken quesadilla, and of Course two Mexican corns which were amazing and only 2 bucks!! I will come back without question. Oh and they have real Mexican coke which is a plus.
5	This is my new favorite place for Mexican food.  You can tell immediately that the ingredients are fresh and of the highest quality.  The recipes definitely have a more personal and traditional taste, than the cookie cutter offerings that you get from the chain stores like Chipotle and Qdoba.  There's also a really casual and friendly vibe that make you feel welcomed.  I'm a big proponent of supporting local businesses and when you have a place like this, that obviously cares about their product and especially about their clients, it's really easy to do.  This is my Friday night spot.
4	Only giving it 4 stars for now since I have only visited once so I can't attest to the consistency of food quality/portion size/service (all of which were awesome on my first visit today) yet.Got the no meat salad and Mexican corn as well as the homemade green drink (spinach,  lime, orange). Salad was a nice, large portion for only $5.75 and the veggies were really fresh.Maybe its cause I'm originally from New York and not used to people around here yet but they were super friendly and service was really great for a fast food environment. We went in not expecting to get a drink but they asked if it was our first time and offered a tasting of a few of their home made drinks which sold us once we tried the green one. As an entrepreneur myself, always gotta give kudos to good marketing! ;)
4	Healthy and authentic Mexican food- sounds like an oxymoron, doesn't it?With a name like Frijoles, I was expecting canned refried beans and other quintessentially unhealthy Mexican dishes here but was pleasantly surprised!Interior of this former Pizza Hut is totally transformed with upscale seating and lighting fixtures and some Aztec decor, and piped-in music fits perfectly with the ambiance here. Wish they had to space to add in a patio!Menu is simple: tacos, burritos, nachos, and various other dishes, pick your meats, plus additional sides (ELOTE!) and drinks (AGUAS FRESCAS!)Initially came in for just a snack- got the lengua nachos, street corn, and a watermelon agua fresca. Both were delicious and fresh, and I really appreciated how the nachos were not drowned in cheese but remained relatively light with pinto beans, guac, and pico de gallo. Loved the corn! Prefer it chopped off the cob but flavors were spot on.Owner came out to introduce himself and tell us about his new place. In addition to amazing aguas, he also does juices- gave us samples of the pineapple, the strawberry, chia, and spinach. My next visit, I'm going to try to convince him to start bottling and selling his juices for home consumption- they were delicious and all-natural with no additives, and the guy is really knowledgeable about juicing and nutrition.This place isn't what you expect- in a GOOD way!
5	I promised to stop by on my way from San Diego to Utah and I definitely wasn't disappointed. The restaurant was clean and well put together. It reminded me of a homey chipotle, but a whole lot more Mexican. The food is fresh. The view to the kitchen is good. I could see workers chopping up fresh vegetables and fruits for the drinks and salsa . The cashier offered us samples of the aguas frescas, of which they have a large selection. After sampling, my wife ordered a chicken burrito with everything and a mango agua fresca, I ordered a marinated pork salad with a strawberry agua fresca. Our food was delivered to our table within five minutes of sitting down. The food was so fresh tasting and the aguas frescas blew my mind. Every bite was better than the last! The burrito was long and plump unlike the short stubby chipotle ones. My wife loved it and the red and green salsas they offer at every table. My salad appeared like something from Cafe Rio or Costa Vida, but not nearly as wilted or manufactured tasting. It was fresh! It came with what looked like an entire avocado chopped on the top, romaine lettuce, beans, the pork, rice and a green ranch sauce. So amazing! Although, I'm not a Vegas native, I can say that Frijoles is one of the best sin city has to offer.
5	Drinks are awesome. Food is awesome. Nice ambiance. Decor is awesome. This place is awesome.
5	Went in to see what all my yelpers were talking about and they were right the food was sooo tasty and fresh the best tacos in town  the staff very sweet and kind let me sample all the juice they had to offer all bomb ....love the short and sweet menu  only taco place for me :*)
5	So based on the Yelp reviews I came in to try it out for myself. I walked into this spotless restaurant and I ordered my guilty pleasure and once a month craving of nachos, except this time I ordered them with Al Pastor. Can I tell you? These were divine. The meat was smoky, sweet, and tender. The generous amount of guacamole was made with some jalapeno in it and gave the nachos that awesome spiciness I was craving. Oh, and the guacamole? Real stuff, not that neon green stuff you get at other places. The beans tasted like homemade pinto beans, not the refried stuff that usually comes with nachos. Everything on these nachos worked together perfectly. The bottom of the nachos did get a little soft towards the end but that's why you get yourself a fork and call it a day. What made this visit amazing (other than the delicious food) was the awesome customer service they're dishing out. I was greeted by a very friendly young lady who proceeded to ask me if I was a first-timer and if I worked nearby (yes, we spoke in Spanish so I had no language barrier issues, deal), she then proceeded to offer me samples of all their aguas frescas (literally, "fresh waters"), yes, all of them. One by one I tried them all and, surprisingly settled on the spinach (try it before you judge me!!). Not only is the food a welcome change in this neighborhood, but the friendly service makes this one of the very few places that still know how to talk to a paying customer. I will definitely be returning, and taking as many people as I can with me (I'm Mexican, we travel in packs). This food and service deserves to be shared and I promise to do my part. Always in support of a small business!! Anda Frijoles (oh, by the way, that means "beans")!!
5	Amazing customer service and great food! The first time I went here the guy taking orders made recommendations and walked me through the items. All the employees are courteous and friendly. And the food is delicious!
4	My first time at Frijoles, I ordered three mini tacos so that I could sample the carne asada, pollo and al pastor. Of the three, the al pastor was divine with onion, cilantro and a squeeze of fresh lime. I went back and ordered the al pastor burrito style and was a bit disappointed that the accoutrements kinda took away from the flavor of al pastor. Love the different types of fruit drinks. The staff is super friendly and will let you sample anything. The place seems to have a tremendous following.
5	Amazing, authentic Mexican food. Local friend brought me here when I was in town visiting.
5	Came to Las Vegas for a conference. This gave me the opportunity to try Frijoles, which I heard about from the video blog "The Trejos", which is hilarious. We have some good Mexican food on the east coast, but this, this was something else. Each dish had a hint of east coast Mexican, but the rest of the favors were like nothing else we had ever tasted. The small tacos were only a few bites, but each one was bathed in a rich, red sauce. The carne asana was full of beef flavor, even in such a tiny taco. It was full of additions I couldn't even recognize, but all the favors pulled together to create a party in the mouth. I got the shrimp quesadilla for my main. It cost something like $6.50, and was so big I had to take half home. The shrimp were big, and bathed in some kind of creamy sauce that I don't have words for. It contained veggies, guacamole, cheese and I don't know what else, but I didn't care because it was delicious. To top off, Arturo, the video guy came over and chatted. He was funny, delightful, genuine and truly interested in us. I hope this restaurant takes off; Las Vegas is lucky to have it.
5	Best fresh Mexican in Las Vegas!  I try something new every time I go and you can't go wrong with a single menu item.  Whether you get nachos, tacos, or a burrito, you have to top it off with some Mexican street corn. You've wasted your Frijoles experience if you so not get the street corn.
5	This is the PERFECT place to go out for tacos! I could eat mini tacos until my pants become too tight. Everything here is awesome from the food to the service! Ps they have the World Cup on!.. Enjoy...
5	A much better Los Tacos! I especially loved cabeza taco, street corn, and the chia and watermelon drinks. The place is a fast food restaurant, but the decor is modern/Chipotle-esque and everything is spotless. The owner was a doll and apparently lets his staff keep their tips, unlike at Los Tacos. The only negative is that it is closed on Sundays, but I guess that is just another way they show appreciation to their staff.
5	I love this place.  Everything here is fresh and delicious. You can really taste the difference everything from the mini tacos to the amazing salads and specially the Aguas frescas.  Healthy and delicious.  I eat here very often,  the service is always great and with a friendly smile :)
5	I live 125 miles from Las Vegas, but anytime I'm in town, Frijoles is my first stop!  Everything I've ever tasted there is excellent.  From the basic cheese quesadilla to the carne asada taco "con todo" to the basic rice and beans side, the flavors are authentically Mexican and delicious.  The fresh juices are awesome and made fresh daily.  The folks working there are courteous and professional.  The decor is fresh and modern.  I recommend Frijoles without reservation!
5	Love the chicken tacos. Best I've ever tasted. Very authentic Mexican food. Great selections of Mexican drinks as well. I'll be back again and again.
5	I was so happy when this place opened up a few months ago.  Been wanting an authentic Mexican taco shop on my side of town and it did not disappoint at all!  Absolutely love it!
5	"Mexican food" is used to describe everything from Taco Bell to gourmet restaurants down on the strip. Usually I shy away from using the term to describe any particular restaurant and instead use sub-categories like "fresh mex" or "traditional." You get the picture. In this case though, I can't help but describe Frijoles as straight up Mexican Food. Tacos, street corn and aguas frescas! Authentic Mexican food done right. I haven't tried anything here that I wasn't impressed with. Best tacos in town. Will be returning soon!
5	Everything at Frijoles is off the chain. Love the carne asada and we really kove the corn. We love the chia water - so refreshing.
5	I stopped in just before closing on a Monday night. Everything was really clean and the staff is super friendly.They let us sample several of their agua fresca flavors. All of them were delicious, and I would go back just for the pineapple one!! They only have 1 size for $2.50. The watermelon and mango were great too!Along with our 2 drinks, we ordered a carne asada quesadilla, a carnitas burrito, and Mexican street corn. Everything is made to order, and despite being the end of the night, tasted super fresh and homemade. I'm a Chipotle junkie, and I might like Frijoles better. The only thing I missed was the cilantro lime rice & the portions here are smaller. For everything we spent under $20.The only thing I didn't care for was the street corn. I, unfairly, compare all street corn to Mundo's street corn which is off the charts amazing. And, while Frijoles is probably a more traditional version, it didn't blow mind like Mundo's did.I would give this place an A overall, and I'm sure I will be a regular customer! They're worth checking out. The menu isn't huge, but what they have they do well and their prices are really affordable.
5	Frijoles is much more than beans!  I am always on the hunt for a good taco.  Vegas has 3 or 4 places that I really like, and some of the best mexican food in the US.  When I heard about Frijoles, and that it was near my office, I went to try it out.  The inside is clean, bright, and fresh with plenty of seating.  The menu is simple, but still has a lot of selection.  I went for the tacos.  They came out fast, and with a smile.  The food was hot and put together the way it should be.  From the first bite, to the last I was impressed. I have been back 3 or 4 times since.  Frijoles has found a place in my regular rotation.
4	I've bean waiting for a place like this.Four hundred and fifty... pennies for a taco?! Oh but they're so worth it! She said. I had two of them, they come with plenty of meat guacamole salsa and sour cream.  You can opt for the regular two dollar tacos that only come with meat and salsa if you don't want all the extras but I wouldn't skip on all that extra deliciousness, go back to the car look for extra change under the seat and upgrade your tacos to Cadillac!I also tried the shrimp cocktail, it was very good but they need to add octopus and oysters to it to make it perfect, which they promised me they will. Wow! I'm in!You can order your basic fountain drinks or go for Mexican bottled sodas. Difference between American coke and American coke from Mexico? Sugar! Here in the states they use corn syrup and in Mexico they still follow the original recipe which asks for real sugar but that's a whole different review for the coca cola company, this review is all frijoles. They also serve aguas frescas of different flavors, pineapple, melon cucumber horchata and many more. If you can't decide what kind you want they'll give you a taste to try, that's how nice they are. The elote was good, they can use a little help from the elote man on the streets but it was still good, covered with cream, cheese and chile is hard to just eat one. Not a full service restaurant, you order, you get a number, and the food is delivered to your table but the service you do get is outstanding and it comes with a smile at no extra charge. The place is clean and though they added a few mexican touches here and there does not hide the fact that this place used to be a Pizza Hut but once you try the food you realize it was always meant to be Frijoles.
4	So delicious.! Absolutely loved the carne asada burrito. The steak so fresh and the guacamole was also very fresh. Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for good Mexican at a good price. :)
4	A fine start for Frijoles I must say.   Now that I'm becoming older and wiser to Yelp ways, it takes more than a fancy 4.5 star average to impress me, particularly in the first few months of a business opening.   It IS enough to get me to read through the reviews though, and what struck me as appealing is that the owner seemed to be very involved in answering any/all critical reviews, and not only that, but they seemed to be adjusting on the fly to customer complaints and demands.   I always like to see that level of commitment and care.   I pretty much knew what I wanted when I entered, and ordering was quick, painless, and friendly.   I went with a mini taco trio and something I saw in the Yelp pics: a combo Pineapple/Strawberry Agua Fresca.   The drink was made instantly and it was love at first sip.   I had noticed a sign that refills were only $1 (the drink itself is $2.50), and I kid you not I was considering trying to drink it all down as fast as I could to indulge in this bargain.   Sadly they were done with my tacos pretty quickly and I was on my way.   Definitely one of my biggest regrets of my life as later back in my office I ran out and craved more.   As for the tacos, I went with two of my usuals: cabeza and pastor, and decided to go against my third usual lengua for the carne asada because it seemed like Frijoles really hypes up their carne on their facebook.   I'm not sure if they're just pandering to the eaters that are terrified to venture beyond the realm of chicken and carne, but I thought it might be their specialty so to speak and gave it a shot.  1)  Cabeza:  It was a good version but I feel I've had better.   Not really sure what could put one cow's head ahead of another (maybe seasoning of the meat?) but it didn't wow me here.  It was still good enough for me to scarf down in 4 bites.   I'd try it again2)  Pastor:  Best I've ever had.   I'm not some taco connoisseur or anything unlike those maniacs who participate in the Yelp Taco Treks, but I've had maybe 7-8 varieties of Pastor tacos around the valley and this one just hit that sweet spot with a perfect balance of the pork with pineapple.   Perfect.3)  Carne Asada:   I should have known better, but this didn't really do much for me.   The meat was dry, though it did have a nice flavor otherwise.  It's pretty much what I expect from Carne Asada at most restaurants, I was just hoping it'd be different I guess.   I'll chalk that up to my error as I'm sure most Carne fans would have dug it.The red salsa was a nice version, not unlike you can find at most decent taco shops, but the green one they provided had an odd texture for me.   It was goopey if that word even exists.   If I turned over the container it wouldnt spill all over my desk immediately, but would slowly ooze out.   That rubbed me the wrong way so I stuck with the red.   So my list of demands should you choose to accept them:1)  Figure out why the cabeza didn't blow me away2)  Liquefy the green salsa3)  Free Al Pastor Tacos and Agua Frescas to Yelp Reviewers during weekdays.Next time I might get 3 Pastor tacos and that same drink so expect a potential bump to 5 stars at some point.
4	I love this place for their mini tacos. They're just like the street tacos you can find on the border.  The carne asada fries are the best I've had. They use freshly fried crinkle cut fries and you can change the meats if you want. The last order of fries I got were half pollo and half al pastor. The selection of agua fresca includes freshly made horchata, watermelon, mango, and others. Very good stuff.
2	Very disappointing, they have all the elements needed for a legit mexican/american restaurant, but their execution was off in a big way. Visited Frijoles today with my wife, I ordered 2 chicken tacos with everything but sour cream, chip and guacamole, street corn w/ no mayo, only cheese butter and chilli powder, and an order of rice and beans and a coke. My wife ordered a tostada with no meat, only lettuce, avocado, pico and beans, street corn with only butter and lemon and a sprite. $28.00We sat down, 10 minutes later they served my tacos, 5 minutes after that we get served our drinks, 5 minutes later we get our chips and guacamole, my wife's tostada and our corn. Then 5 minutes later we realize I never got my rice and beans, so I walked to the counter and reminded them and got that a few minutes afterwards. My chicken tacos were very good and very fresh tasting. Both of our corns were flavorless and mine wasn't served with chilli powder. My wife's meatless tostada was served covered in meat and had no pico, she sent it back and got it with no meat, but still no pico. I had to go to the counter again to get a side of pico for her. The tostada was soggy and she barely ate it. The chips and guacamole  were good, my rice and beans were great and my coke was amazing. She liked her sprite, she prefers 7-up.I would go back, my wife is questionable on going back. I will admit, the staff is nice and pleasant, but are managed very poorly. They received a star for serving coke products, so read this as a 1 star review.
5	Fresh mexican food, u can taste the char on the marinated meats (ive tried pork al pastor and chicken) which was terrific. The selection of juices like watermelon and spinach are a nice cool off for the summer heat. My sister-in-law and her kids who are from out of town came here 3 times in a week!
5	Best Mexican Food in Town! My family and I frequent this gem of a restaurant and have yet to be let down. Street tacos, burritos, nachos, salads and aguas frescas are AMAZING and I've tried them all!! The food is super fresh and very reasonably priced. Gracias Frijoles!! See you tomorrow....
5	Super delicious vegetarian, carnitas and al pastor tacos. I also recommend the Mexican street corn and the spinach agua fresca. And the staff is so friendly and attentive. Definitely check out Frijoles!
3	Better than last time, but I'm not sure this place is for me. My palate seems to be in contention with their flavor profiles. The carne being grilled on my way out looked and smelled much better than the carne I got on my tacos. Maybe a cooked to order option could be a good one.   The place did get a little busy and I'm glad to see it. I wish these guys lots of success.
5	Very delicious, fresh authentic mexican food. Imagine a non greasy version of Roberto's. The Aguas frescas as are so delicious. I got the limeade with the chia seed. Honestly they all tasted amazing, the woman behind the counter gave me samples. The salsa is authentic, hot and tasty. The crane asada was perfect and the chicken was also on point. This place also has delicious frijoles...as the name would suggest.
5	The whole place is clean and comfortable. I like that you can see the food as it's being made. I ordered a carnitas burrito, it's sooo good and a great size. I'll have half now and savor the rest later. I wasn't going to get a drink but while I was waiting for my food, only about 6 minutes, the manager brought me samples of the fresh juices they have to offer. My mind was blown at these unexpected refreshing flavors! Each one is great and they are not too sweet.
5	Drove by and saw this place at lunchtime Frijoles figured wow I beter stop and check out this place better be good with a name like this. I was gladly not disappointed,  from the atmosphere to the customer service as soon as we walked in I couldn't decide between the taco or a quesadilla but since I was hungry I went for the quesadilla de pastor, and a mango agua fresca, and elote. As we are sitting at our table waiting for our food the young lady brings us 2 tacos of carne asada for free to try so yummy. And a sample of every agua fresca they had so above and beyond they have gained a loyal customer and am bringing my coworkers here to share in the food ecstasy.  Highly recommend this place for fresh, good priced Mexican food.
5	Wow! This is our FAVORITE place for great tasting tacos and the most unique, refreshing juice drinks. Francisco and his staff were incredibly friendly. They gave us free samples of nearly 10+ fruit drinks. We loved the Sandia one the best. Go hungry - the food and service is awesome. This place is going to become the BEST place for delicious authentic Mexican food. Can't wait to go back. Yum!
3	Located on Charleston, just west of Rainbow, Frijoles is a new, almost fast-casual style Mexican restaurant. As others have mentioned, it's inside an old Pizza Hut so it's a pretty good sized location. There's plenty of seating inside and although a few empty tables were dirty, they seem to keep it fairly clean. For whatever reason, they lack a salsa bar and keep the drink fountain behind the counter. I don't understand why as they have a counter type section just to the right of the front counter that would be perfect for a salsa bar, drink station or possibly even both.On the menu they offer up most of the usual stuff like burritos, tacos and tostadas, but they also have nachos, fries, street corn and even a whole line of fresh fruit drinks. The way the tacos are done is a little different though. If you want a standard street style taco, you'll want to order what they call the "Mini Taco". What they advertise as just a "Taco" is basically a fully loaded taco with your choice of meat. All the pricing is very fair and for 5 of us, the bill was just over $40.I ended up ordering 3 different tacos to try, one each of the shrimp, al pastor and carne asada. The tacos are loaded pretty good with toppings and they aren't skimpy with the meat which is always a huge plus. Tortillas were decent and I like that they give them like just a light touch on the grill. Out of the 3, my favorite was the shrimp. Each shrimp was plump and cooked very well. However, the al pastor was a little lacking in flavor and although the carne asada tasted good, it was super dry. They do have a couple sauces at the table that helped and while pretty tasty, they were way too spicy for my 5 year old. We also got a couples orders of chips and quac. Their quac was thick and fresh but the chips come in a pretty small order and were super salty. The service was ok but they definitely have some kinks to work out. I noticed a few others mention the same thing but our food came out in such weird intervals. Our food came out first, then chips, then the quac for the chips and then when we were almost done eating, the corn came. Just strange. It also seemed like the owner was working harder than anyone else. While I think it's necessary for an owner to work in their business and I appreciate it, I don't see why he's sweating and running around while employees are standing behind the counter doing nothing. All-in-all, this is a solid little joint and I think with time and minor changes, they will do really well. Nothing stood out as outstanding but it was decent and I would come back when in the area.
5	I am so glad I found this place. Close to my work and also my home. So far I have tried the Carne Asada Nachos and the Carne Asada Tacos both were very delicious and very fresh. I also enjoyed their fresh juices they make. They also make a delicious chicken quesadilla. Everyone in my office is very pleased we found this place, we have started going there every Friday. It's such a treat. It's also great to show support to the family owned restaurants in Vegas. Everything at Frijoles is fresh and you can taste it. They make there beans fresh everyday along with all their juices. I will continue to go here and spread the word about them to more and more people.
5	This place does street style corn better than I've ever had! I've even had park street corn from a guy with a cart and a bike horn and this place blew it away! I stopped in for a quick bite, ordered two carne asada tacos and the corn. The steak was delicious! Much better than the chewy stuff at other places. I didn't have time to try a specialty fruit drink but the staff was friendly and patient as they let a lady sample all of them...SMH. This place has charm, they're slogan suggests they have a sense of humor (How you bean?), and they close on Sunday keeping the Sabbath day holy! Great place, I can't wait to go back with my wife and kids! Nice job Arturo Trejo!
5	Spinach agua fresca, carne Asada, el pastor, and the BEANS!  All amazing.  Even better- the staff is always so nice :)
5	Just ate lunch here today and my husband and I were really blown away! I got a carne Asada taco and a carne Asada mini taco and the husband got two al pastor tacos. Just FYI the "mini tacos" are not mini, they're standard size street tacos and the "tacos" are huge and loaded with all the fixin's; whole seasoned pinto beans, tomatoes, guacamole, sour cream, etc. So good!!! I tried my husbands al pastor meat and it was addictively good! Sweet and rich in flavor. We also ordered aqua frescos (I think that's what they're called, the fruit juice drinks) and I've never had anything more refreshing! The manager Greg let me get two flavors so I had pineapple and mango! Amaaaaaazing!! Everyone was very friendly too. The manager even walked to our table and took the time to talk with us and was so kind and welcoming. Very incredible service, has a very family feel to it. Definitely plan to come back whenever I'm in Vegas and try their nachos, fries and maybe a burrito too and recommend you try this place.
4	The meat is all freshly grilled and the guacamole is fantastic! Haven't had anything disappointing here.
4	Solid cheap mexican place close to my work. they have great salads (surprisingly) with rice, avocado, meat, romaine, tomatos and a salsa like dressing. The burritos are okay.  I had a steak burrito, the carne asada was decent but a bit to mushy for my taste. they heap guac on their tacos which is good. the el pastor is not the best i've had, but the big tacos are decent for the price. LOVE their agua frescas... all are delicious, yes even the spinach. Good place to go if you're looking for a quick fix, but obv does not compare to dirty street tacos from the streets of LA or SD.
5	D E L I C I O U S!! The Mexican corn is so so good. Everyone that works there is friendly. And it's VERY clean. Highly recommended if you are looking for some yummy Mexican food!!!
1	I will NOT Go Back to this Place !!!!I ordered some food from this place ( First  time there ) and waited and waited.  After watching people going and coming around me I asked a server what happened to my order.  She came back with some of my order and left.I waited some more and finally went up to the counter where the guy was making the food.  He knew who I was and told me it would be a minute.  I asked him why he had passed me over  on the food and he said " I know "It went down hill from there.  Next day I called to speak to the manager/owner Greg, left my number 2x and never received a call back.Absolutely horrible service.....Still trying to figure out why I was singled out ???
4	We tried this spot for the first time last night.I have to say, the food quality was pretty impressive. We ordered beef burritos, chips w/ cheese, and a cheese quesadilla.We also ordered a chicken burrito. However, the cashier did not hear my wife order it. No charge and no chicken burrito. She decided to forego it & eat what we already ordered. I had a coupon for a free agua fresa, so I ordered the pineapple. If you want a refill, there is a dollar charge. So I received a spinach one the 2nd time. The Spinach drink is mixed with orange juice & lime. HIGHLY recommended. I also tried the chia lemonade, which was also amazing. If they ever had passion fruit agua fresa, I would stop there at least 2 or 3 times a week just for that!The nachos w/ cheese - was just that. Chips with real cheese on top. I was hoping for someone a tad more elaborate, but I didn't argue about it. Maybe some pico de gallo on the side would have made it work?The cheese quesdadilla was spot on. One of the best I had in Vegas.The beef burrito was pretty tasty. Once again, I would hope for pico de gallo on the side, or a better choice of sauces. But, it was tasty in its own right.The prices are not Del taco cheap, but it is comparable to Chipotle.I will say, for a start up restaurant, I am impressed they have a good following already. I think Frijole's will be alright. We will go at least once a month - and maybe more if a few minor things are ironed out.
5	Soooo delicious! I love all of their food I have ever ordered and don't mind driving 10 minutes on my lunch break to get there. I crave it. So much better than other Mexican fast food places.
5	Simple menu with amazing food. Saw someone with the corn and regret not trying that, definitely coming back for it. I had grilled chicken fries and carnitas nachos. Generous portions and more than reasonable prices.
4	So I had the pollo asada fries, Mexican street corn, chips and guacamole and the pineapple mango agua fresca. Everything was great but my only complaint was with the fries. They were just a tad bit over cooked so they felt more hard and crunchy. My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito and I'm so sure next time I will be getting that. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
5	Good little stop...stopped here before and almost forgot about this place but I checked groupon today and there it was $6.00 deal for $12.00...good for two huge tacos and a horchata....delicious
4	Family of 4 went there for dinner tonight. Staff was friendly and the food came out pretty quickly even though they were very busy. I had the shrimp burrito, while the rest of the family got the carne asada burrito. Mine was delicious and my family enjoyed their burritos. We also tried the carne asana nachos, which were excellent. The chips were homemade and very good. All in all a good experience and we'll be back. Only complaint I had, which is not at all the owners fault, was the family with 5 kids too many. If you're going to take your family out to dinner and bring your small children be courteous of those around you. Parents were too busy talking to each other to notice their kids running around screaming in the restaurant. So rude! If you can't control your children in a public place, stay home!!
4	The lengua mini tacos were delicious!  We loved the presentation of the shrimp cocktail.  It comes in a cute little beer mug served with a side of chips and crackers.  Taste wise -it was refreshing and slightly sweet.  The street corn wasn't what I am used to(it was grilled), but it was still good nonetheless.  The carne asada fries were a bit on the soggy side.  The agua frescas were SO GOOD!  My friend chose a watermelon/mango mix and I chose a strawberry/pineapple mix.  Overall experience was good.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I learned what agua frescas was thanks to the friendly cashier up front :) lol.  The cooks were also very friendly!
4	SO GOOODDD... My husband and I have tried the Al Pastor taco, shrimp taco, carne asada burrito,taco,and nachos,  chicken burrito, the corn. .. you can't go wrong with anything here! The tacos are super filling.You can actually taste the smokiness on the meat  from the grill. My favorite was definitely the al pastor. Spicy.. sweet goodness. Everything is made fresh. .The only problem I ran into today was that they gave me the wrong drink and didn't give me my corn. (I had to wait in line, go to the counter and ask). Other than that,  they were great! One things for sure, I will NEVER go back to Robertos for my mexican fast food .
3	This place  is ok.. Only been here a few times.. The chicken burrito tasted  burn.. Tasted mainly the beans.. Always busy.. I guess that's good for the business.. Last time I was here my order took 20 min before  it was delivered  to me.. And there wasn't many people  at that time.. Will see next time if I come back again
5	Four tacos is too many! Nice avocado on each taco. I prefer the shrimp taco to the taco al pastor but both are good. For a fast food outlet the atmosphere is pleasant. Agua fresca drinks are refreshing - try the mango and cucumber flavors.
4	Got a Groupon for this place and it did not disappoint.  Carne asada taco was amazing. The other tacos were ok too. First time eating Mexican corn and it has a very interesting taste but in a good way.
4	I stopped here yesterday got the pineapple fresca, carne asada mini taco and a carne asada burrito. The good was fresh, delicious and I loved the mini taco. Tonight's? Nachos and watermelon fresca
5	Fresh! The menu includes authentic Mexican street food but in a nice restaurant. We tried some tacos and burritos. The al pastor pork was fantastic. I like cilantro and they put cilantro in their burritos. Excellent! You can't go wrong with the agua fresca drinks. Horchata-pineapple and horchata-strawberry were great combinations. The guacamole and chips were good and the guacamole was fresh. The owner was working when we came and the service was great. A very personable and outgoing guy.  Try this place out, there are a lot of choices to keep you coming back.
5	Great place for quick Mexican cravings with wide selections of Mexican Horchata flavors!  Thanks for the great hospitality Greg!  See you soon!
5	The quality and freshness of an authentic sit down Mexican restaurant at the price and convenience of fast food. AMAZING FOOD!!  I had the pork quesadilla it was incredible! EVERYTHING is fresh and homemade including the tortilla chips and drinks. They give you sample of the drinks and amazingly my favorite was this spinach concoction. I also had the street corn which was really unique and tasty. This is hands down my new favorite place to eat.
5	Will definitely be going back soon. Al pastor and lengua tacos were really good. The meat was great quality. Aguas frescas are amazing especially strawberry mixed with horchata and the spinach one is so good and refreshing. They let you sample all of them. Street corn is also yummy. Next time I'll have to try the shrimp cocktail.
4	Really really delicious. $2 mini tacos so you can try all the meats.   Very fresh tasting and clean environment.  The carne asada French fries could use more meat, but it was still very delicious ! Which surprised me! (Huge meat eater)Great prices for great food.
5	Place was welcoming and food n' drinks were spectacular! The service was decent and free samples are a plus if you've never had anything form them. The only thing i wish they'd change up is the quantity. The quality of the food is refreshing. Not really leaving you heavy, which is a plus for me. But i would definitely recommend anyone here for some fresh n easy Mexican food.
5	This place is the best place to get mexican food in las vegas. I even compare this to ones in san diego. Love the staff, love the agua frescas, always fresh tasting food, and obviously their pinto beans is as authentic as it gets. Only thing I will miss from Las Vegas...I will miss you!
4	Went here during our trip to Vegas to meet "@Mr.ArturoTrejo" and he was there serving, making drinks, and taking orders! It was our first time and we were pleasantly surprised. Food was nice and hot, tasty, and filling. We got a little of everything and we all enjoyed it. The drinks were delicious too, even the spinach drink. Arturo brought us our drinks and gladly chatted with us when we mentioned we watched his youtube videos. He was super nice! Glad we came!
5	Amazing food! Amazing service! Amazing fresh juices (aguas frescas)! Anyone who gives this place less than 3-4 stars is too picky to be worthy of this place.  I go at least 2 times a week the owner is very friendly went table to table to ensure everything was great.  Tacos are great carne asada and chicken are my fav.  Mexican corn is another of my favs. The juices!! Ahh love them they give samples which I love.  I go there just for that most of the time. Wish they had some system in place where for every I dunno 8 juices you get one free other than that I LOVE this place.  I take anyone that's hasn't been when I get the chance.
5	This place is so good! I'm half mexican, but don't enjoy mexican food as much as you would think. This place has made me change my mind. The street corn is great! The portion sizes are big and I'm always satisfied when I walk out. My favorite is the shrimp plate with the rice and beans. Their juices are to die for!
5	My husband and I were there on 8/29 for the first time and we really enjoyed everything we ordered. We ordered three tongue tacos, omg all meat and super good! We also ordered the al pastor taco and the meat was on point with the flavors of al pastor. Carnitas is my fave so we had to order some, and they are the best carnitas I've had on this side of town, I was so happy they were awesome! They also have green and red salsa on every table not super spicy but very good and authentic. The street corn was good too. My only complaint is that I thought it was bit pricy for Mexican food, but everything we ordered was super good and worth the price. Oh I can't forget to mention, they have Aguas frescas I tried them all and they were all so refreshing and delish! Try the spinach agua fresca it was so good. Will be back!
5	I love this place! The staff is super friendly and the good is delicious! And the aguas frescas!?! Heaven!
5	Got the burrito with Al pastor pork. Very flavorful. Reasonably priced. Very friendly. Will definitely be back.
5	This was my 5th visit here. We love it. Everyone I bring here loves it too. The food quality is great & the prices are great too. Soooo worth it! They are very friendly and personable staff.
4	Very Clean, Great Menu, Great Service, Great Food
5	I'm really impressed with the freshness and quality of the food. I loved the agua frescas! An added variety to make this place stand out. Watch out Chipotle!
5	Oh my damn! My new go to! I cannot wait to bring my friends and family here. My boyfriend and I went a little overboard ordering. But everyone's review said try everything and we basically did just that. For appetizers we got the medium shrimp cocktail and the carne asada nachos. Both were pretty good. The nachos beat any kind of bar nachos out of the park! I had to try the shrimp cocktail. It was good however the shrimp were whole and I guess I expected more of a ceviche. After we devoured those, I finally got my hands on the main reason I went there. Shrimp tacos. I have been on the hunt for a decent shrimp taco that is going to break the bank. And all I can say is wow! Great flavor and spices, the peppers and onions, just speechless because I'm shoving another taco in my mouth. My boyfriend got the chicken taco which is currently in the fridge because we are stuffed but I am positive it will live up to the expectations. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
3	I have a mixed review. The food tastes good. The restaurant is clean and cute and the staff our friendly. But if your hungry be prepared to pay up. I ordered two mini tacos and they were $5?!! I'm used to other local Mexican places were I got way more food. That's all..And it takes way longer to get your food, but it's being prepared from scratch- so not so fast.
5	Love this place, great food and service. Had a large party here as well, and food came quickly, everyone was pleased!
4	This place was a good find. Had the marinated pork and carne asada burritos. Prices were fair and they did not go cheap on the burrito fillings in terms of loading it with rice to make it appear huge (I'm looking at you Baja Taco on Ft. Apache). Lots of meat, sour cream and avocado when I told the guy "everything".The only thing missing here would be a nice salsa bar but the burrito itself with a little salsa verde squirt did the job and was plenty flavorful.A tasty little place with a simple menu, good food and excellent service...will go back.
4	Went here today for the first time.  It was really good & for sure this is going to be a new regular spot for me to go too.  I ordered 3 things...Bean & Cheese Burrito, Chicken Burrito and a Chicken Quesadilla.   I gave my husband the Chicken Burrito which he said was "excellent" and better than Chipolte, which he loves!   I got the chicken Quesadilla without guacamole & it was delicious!   I ate the whole thing.  The bean & Cheese burrito is saved for later as I wanted to get two items in case I didn't like one.  That was just "ok".  Next time, I will definitely order the quesadilla again or maybe try the tacos.  The only thing I can say which was weird was the red sauce was tasty but kinda thick & came out in big lumps... not really a "sauce".  Not sure if it was a fluke or if it's always like that. ?   Anyway, the restaurant seemed really clean, organized and the staff was really nice & the environment seems welcoming.   I would give it 4.5 stars if you can give a half star.  If the bean & cheese burrito was a little better & the sauce I would have given it a 5.   I noticed lots of people ordering those fresco drinks & I will be ordering one of those next time as well. I am thrilled I found this new local spot!  Go there if you haven't yet!!!I am back to edit my review.  Went again tonight.  The "sauce" was perfect. Have no idea why it was lumpy last week but I am leaning towards a 5 on this place.  How do you give 4.5 stars?  Anyway, I am going to go couple more times and solidify my star rating once and for all for this little gem. Also tonight I got a strawberry fresca drink and yes, it is pretty good.  Seems a little creamy-- in a nice way.   Refreshing for sure! I think it's fresh juice so healthy is always great!
5	Food is fantastic. Especially for the price. The agua frescas are amazing. I have been twice. The first time I had a taco with the pork. Delicious.  The second time I went, I had a salad with the carne asada. Delicious. The Mexican street corn was fantastic.   I have a feeling no matter what I try there, I am going to like it. The staff is also very friendly.
4	Frijoles brings Mexican street food to is essentials and excels at it.  A simple menu prepared with care and fresh ingredients brings out the best.  The meat is cooked to order and the beans have the texture that exudes freshness. Good balance of flavored.  Highly recommend.Update - I ordered the frijoles and beans last night.  Best beans I have ever had!  Sublime.
1	Not sure what all the hype is about!? I went yesterday for the first time. It is right by my house and I always see they are busy. So I checked it out. Positive: Staff are very nice and friendlyA wide variety of drinks and juicesAnd that's about it. I paid $25 for 4 steak tacos, a piece of corn, and a coke.........The steak was bland, not impressed at all. I have had Mexican food in Mexico, Chicago, New Mexico, Texas, California, all over Vegas, etc. I do not see myself going back or recommending it. Like I said, very friendly people working there though!
5	Everything we ordered was excellent. Don't miss their Shrimp cocktail.  Staff is friendly . The best mexican food in Las Vegas !
5	Easily One of the best Mexican places I've ever had. I especially like their fresh drinks. It's difficult to top their fresh ingredients and meets. I love their al pastor! And the service is always friendly. Can't say enough good things about this place. Worth the drive.
5	Takes a lot to impress me, especially with mexican food. Great ingredients. Proper portions for the price. And the flavor is amazing. If your not coming to my kitchen! Go to frijoles. Lol
5	Dig the food here not fast food but really good food, everything I have tried is so amazing the carnitas burrito delicious the tacos are quality and the street corn reminds me of my trips to Mexico when I was younger.
5	Love love love this place!! All the food is wonderful and it's cool how they'll mix agua frescas and horchatas. The staff is great except the one cashier lady is really rude but  I still won't mark anything less than a five star because the food is so good! The manager ( I think) have my sister and I free samples of multiple agua frescas and chicken tacos!
5	Anybody who is looking for a good real Mexican  food in the west part of town , this is the place to go. From tacos to shrimp cocktail, burritos and also the Aguas Frescas, no matter what to order,everything  is delicious.......
5	I think Frijoles is Robertos fancier cousin. I do love Robertos but Frijoles has a wide assortment of fresh juices that you can mix together . I also like the fact that I can enjoy my food in a restaurant instead of sitting in a gas station.I've come here on two occasions both times I did get the Elote (Mexican corn) . It has mayo, hot spices, crumpled cheese rolled on the outside.  It sounds weird but it is good! It isn't good for you though. I also  had a carne asada quesadilla which is steak meat, Pico De Gallo , cheese , guacamole in a tortilla. It was flavorful! I usually only trust Robertos with my carne asada fries but Frijoles does a great job! I was worried at first because they make theirs with thick fries. Since they drain the grease from the fries really well you don't end up with big grease drenched fries. The fries are cooked to a golden brown. Then the fries are topped with meat, cheese , pico de gallo, sour cream and guacamole.  It's a meal within itself! If you are craving Frijoles on a Sunday you are out of luck because they are closed. You can savor the taste for Monday.
5	I couldn't recommend Frijoles enough!! We LOVED it!! The food is fresh and sooo flavorful. The juices are yummy. Not sure which one to pick? They will let you sample them first. We had the chicken tacos which were stuffed to the brim, chicken salad, fresh guacamole and mexican corn. Everything was wonderful! The employees are all so hard working, providing great service and their attention to cleanliness was nice to see. They wear gloves when handling food and I observed them always cleaning, cleaning, cleaning.  I was sorry to leave my vacation in Las Vegas, mainly because I will miss this place. This kind of food is hard to find.
5	This was worth the drive!  Beans were awesome and even my picky kids ate them. Service was fast and price was reasonable. I would have liked it better if they had combo plates but everything is al a carte.
4	From the looks of it, this place occupies an old Pizza Hut. The inside however, is nicely decorated with with plenty of wood and metal (somewhat similar to Chipotle's industrial style) along with Mexican artifacts to give it a distinctly non-pizza vibe.It's a fast causal, order-at-the-counter spot with friendly service. The carnitas tacos -- filled with tender, moist, and crispy-edged chunks of meat -- were the best items I tried. The al pastor lacked the depth and heat of greater versions around town. The carne asada was solid --  quality meat that was under seasoned but still decent. There are several flavors of agua frescas available with the option of mixing them together. The strawberry mango flavor was so good it was gone before the food hit the table.3.5 Stars
5	The taco al pastor and the aguas frescas are off the chart! I am a true fan of this place. The food is great and service is excellent.
5	I've found a new addiction. Los Tacos step aside. They have mini tacos, elote, and agua frescas that put Frijoles above the rest. And let's talk about those Frijoles! They get at least 5 stars. The chips, tortillas, red and green salsas are definitely something to talk about. The kind of kick that sticks to your tongue and makes your nose run, but doesn't have you running to the counter asking for leche. Did I mention they have elote? It had the perfect combination of flavors with enough juicy goodness to appreciate the charred kernels. We generally opt for the courtesy cup of water, but we're persuaded to buy an Agua fresca after numerous samples of various concoctions were offered.
5	Awesome food!!!!! If you ever drive down Charleston, you have to stop by here! Very authentic and delicious:) if I wasn't moving soon I would become a regular!!
3	It's a better Roberts. Went here the other night. 930pm on s Friday so I'm sure everything had been sitting out so I can't say it was fresh. Either way I watched as 2 people brought their food back on mistakes. My food came out hot and the way I ordered it. They do have Mexican corn if you like that. The favors of juice is very nice. Loved the mini tacos. Not so much on the burrito. Coulda just been the last of the chicken but the mini tacos were great.
5	What caught my attention from the moment I walked in was how clean the place was. The service was outstanding, since it was our first time at Frijoles we received great guidance as to what we should order. My boyfriend went with the Carne asada  tacos and the street corn. He said both were delicious. We will definitely be back!!
3	Once upon a time, I was hungry and my mom happened to be hungry too. Deciding we wanted Mexican, I opened my faithful Yelp app and searched for bookmarks. Frijoles was right around the corner, so to Bean Town we went.Back in the day, this location as a Pizza Hut. The whole place was updated. The same layout, but now without a tacky salad bar in the middle. Ample table and chairs and several booths. The dining area had soft accents of Mexican art and was incredibly clean. Frijoles is Roberto's Taco Shop crossed with a Chipotle with a casual cafe feel, with it's simple menu, which consists of Mexican styled meats, you then take the meat a spruce it up as a: mini taco, salad, nachos, taco, fries, or a platter. Drink-wise, your standard Coca-Cola products, Mexican Cokes, and Agua Fresca.I got a carne asada and an al pastor mini taco, Mexican street corn, and a strawberry-mango agua fresca; my mama ordered the salad with shrimp and an order of chips and salsa. Everything tasted fresh. The chips and salsa were chips and pico. My tacos and corn were good. Not Taco y Taco good, but definitely well above Robertos or Pepes. The shrimp salad was stellar. I had order envy after I tasted that creation. Definitely know I will be venturing that route next. Agua Fresca was also a happy surprise. Feeling fancy, I combined two flavors. Sweet, but not in the "I'm gonna get diabeetus way," but in a perfectly ripe strawberry and mango way, just FRESH.Frijoles is nice option. Nothing that knocked my socks off, nothing that I hated. Authentic, no. Tasty, yes. How can i not like anything that bears the same name as my beloved cat, Beans? Me gusta Frijoles.
3	The first time I ate here was wonderful I ordered the Carne Asada salad it was really good, today when I ate here I was let down by the Carne Asada Quesadilla, I was on the skimpy side for meat and I took it back up to the counter because I thought they forgot the cheese that's how much cheese was on it. My husband ordered the shrimp Quesadilla and his had too much cheese go figure...lol. I think the thing that got me the most is if i am thinking there is no cheese on it most would of asked if i would like more added right? He just said yep it's in there it all the meat hiding it(which was not the case) and handed it back.The taste was good but I think it should of been toasted longer when I ate it it did not make me feel like i was eating a Quesadilla. I gave this 3 stars because the food was tasty and fresh but not satisfying my Quesadilla craving.
5	do you know how hard it is to find decent REAL street tacos? the kind you can get in Tijuana or mexico city?? this place does it for me. the street tacos are packed with meat and onions and cilantro. the burritos are huge and will make a mess of your shirt..but you won't care because you can't stop eating it. i'm the NORM of frijoles. i live in the NW..but you better believe id make this drive for some good tacos, elote, burritos and the aqua fresca drinks.
5	Best place to eat....EVER!! So bomb! Their tacos, their drinks, their staff. Everything is amazing at this place :) && their funny shirts.
5	Trip to Vegas checking out spots off the strip and found Frijoles. Amazeballs! Hands down the absolute best Shrimp quesadilla I have ever had. Great size shrimp, delicious and mouthwatering. No doubt it would be great in a taco or burrito. Perfect carnitas, just a little crispy and moist at the same time, great flavor.  I love the variety of aguas frescas, I chose watermelon with pineapple added to it. Definitely coming back, wish one was closer! Would love to have seen a condiments bar with lime, salsas, onions/cilantro and maybe some radishes!
5	Frijoles great spot with inexpensive prices and large portions. I'm not easily impressed a simple local restaurant with authentic Mexican food! Shrimp nachos excellent choice.
4	Tried the Carne asada quesadilla and chicken burrito along with a pineapple juice. Place is a hidden gem in Vegas. The juices are really good and you get free refills. My friend took me here during EDC Week this year and I was really glad he did. It's like CA taco shops - family ran, good portions, prices and service.
4	Clean and fresh Mexican food. Great flavors all around. The tacos are a little more expensive but they are big and filled all the right stuff. Mexican street corn is great and all the drinks are refreshing. I would recommend the spinach one, healthy and surprisingly tasty.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets
5	So since there is no 1/2 stars I give this place a 5. Truly no place is 5 stars but this is close. I was In The mood for Mexican and open yelp. Love the reviews and pictures so I took the chance. It's closed on Sunday's but the reason I like. They take care of their employees. I stepped in and the place is immaculate. It's busy lot of people but the place is still clean. I did not wait long for my food and they suggested several items. I ended up getting a fully loaded burrito. I can not describe the way the burrito tasted. Let's just say. This is my new spot.
4	The food here is pretty good. What used to be a Pizza Hut is now a tasty taco joint. I had the cheese quesadilla and it was good. The tortilla had nice flavor. The watermelon drink here is the bomb. I liked the size of the carne asada burrito and the meat had good flavor but the meat was tough at times. The staff were friendly and inside was clean. It took some time to get the food once the order was placed however they are making it fresh so that's cool. you can call your order in for pick up too.
5	This place is a great example of Mexican with American influence done right.Since no one else has seemed to talk about the lengua tacos (because most of you guys may be too scared or too fond of your carne asada fries), I decided to let all my fellow lengua lovers know that this place has AMAZING lengua tacos and the now three times that I've had them they never disappoint. It's hard to find good tacos de lengua, but thankfully I live fairly close to Frijoles so I can my lengua fix with no problem.The staff is friendly and seems to be made up of mostly Latino/a descent workers and that always gives me a sense of relief because you know they're not gonna give you a sad excuse for Mexican food like Chipotle or Roberto's.Aguas frescas are just as good as you would get at Cardenas, maybe even better because you can taste how fresh it is!The "Mexican street corn" I like, but it's not very authentic. They put their own twist on it by charring the corn and what tastes like lime juice on it? I'm not sure, but it's still pretty tasty. Just don't expect to get the kind you'd buy from the elote man on the actual street. :) Try this place guys, you won't be disappointed!
5	This is one of me and my boyfriends favorite places. They have delicious food and although you order at the counter they are kind enough to walk it to your table which I really appreciate! Their quasadillas are so filling and delicious! I always get a chicken quasadillas,  a cucumber water, and a mexican street corn. My boyfriend always gets something with lengua(sp?). Try the shrimp cocktail! It's worth the price it's amazing we always get it on celebration days. Lol.I really appreciate the staff here. The manager Francisco is amazing. Always so accommodating and if by chance anything is not 100% with our meal he is always happy to help us & fix it! I also love that they is closed on Sundays to take care of their staff. So cool!! Will be back. Duh
5	Great, fresh food! Nice atmosphere and the staff was very friendly. Worth checking out for yourself!
3	The positive is the taco I had was good, beyond that the size is small for a $5 taco. This place is priced out of their league, for a McDonald's style eatery it is easily $25 a person to leave here full. Vegas is filled with Mexican restaurants that have good food, reasonable prices and waiters that actually wait on you, opposed to seat yourself and clean your own table mentality. Not sure what so many others see in this place, maybe I just went on half size taco day, a bit of a disappointment.
4	The carne asada tacos were delicious and filling!! So glad we found this place!!! Can't wait to try other items in the menu. The place was clean and busy (which is a good sign!).  Will definitely come back!
5	I love Mexican food so I had to try this place out. So glad I did! Yummy. I had the chicken taco, it was excellent. Chicken was fresh with a great grill flavor, pico de gallo was awesome and the guacamole was freshly made. So good I wished I had ordered two! My husband had the street corn and said it was phenomenal. The fruit drinks are a refreshing add-on. My daughter loved the watermelon. We'll definitely be back.
5	I ordered a burrito... Let me start by saying it was amazing. The melted cheese and the flavorful meat was delicious. From outside it doesn't look like much but this place really impressed me. As a Mexican I am always extremely critical to Mexican establishments (can't ever compete with Mom's food) but I can say those beans and that melted cheese in the burrito really brought me home! I highly recommend this establishments. And their mango drink.... That's another yelp review by itself.
5	The mini shrimp and mini al pastor tacos were the best! Great place for a quick dinner.
5	reasonable price and delicious nachos! Definitely coming back
2	It wasn't great, it wasn't terrible. It was entirely forgettable. I'd rather drive the extra 2 minutes around the corner to get to Serrano's.
5	I've been here a few times and every time I come, the food is delicious and fresh. The staff is friendly and their selection of aguas frescas is amazing. The food is just as appealing to the eye as it is to the taste buds. Not much else to say other than if all you're used to is Roberto's, take a step into the light and you will be pleasently surprised.
4	Order a shrimp taco! Freshly cooked and loaded with fajita veggies and guac, it was one of the best shrimp taco I've eaten.Spinach orange juice, chips and guacamole were all great, too. Fresh and tasty.Frijoles is a hidden gem in this area... I'll come back!
4	I believe in second chances. And I better, since it's literally in my neighborhood. I tried the shrimp salad, the cheese quesadilla. And, I also finally tried an Agua Fresca! The food was great. The shrimp salad was a great value. I needed to update my previous review- this a Mexican restaurant, with a better quality of food. You get what you pay for. And it's a good thing.
5	My friends and I from Utah never leave Nevada without stoping at this place to eat the food is cheap, yet the quality and service is great! Yes maybe not very authentic, but it's close and very delicious and to me that's what counts! Love this place!
5	Simply stated fresh,affordable great tasting food. The shrimp tacos are new and are the bomb! Forget all other taquerias....this is the best. The fresh fruit waters are excellent ...(aguas frescas) try the healthy spinach drink very good!!! The staff is so nice and attentive ..luv this place
3	Was craving Mexican and Yelp led us here. I don't eat beans so how ironic I came to a place called Frijoles and ordered with "no beans".I got the chicken salad. Although it not taste bad there was no special flavors that popped out. It did come with a lot of ingredients In it so that was appreciated. I also got Ceviche which also had no special flavors to it. It was just shrimp and avocado. It was a little too sour for my tests buds. I know ceviche is made with lime but mine could use a little less lime. The street corn didn't contain enough mayo, cheese or chile (or whatever they put on it). The chips and salsa was a good start through. It had the right amount of spicy to it.The workers were all very kind and attentive. Did not have a bad experience but I wouldn't come here for another mexican meal.
