4	It was a dark and stormy night...  After driving through what seemed like the 7th dimension of hell, I arrived at Bomberos.  It was warm, inviting and filled with a palpable energy.  As I took in my surroundings and scanned the menu, my first impression was "latin Postino" - the room was open with a variety of seating that would certainly spill out onto the lovely outdoor patio on a typical glorious Phoenix evening, a menu of wines by the glass from South America, and cheeses, bruschetta, and other "light fare".  Needless to say, my first impression was quite good.  Then came the wine.  And a sampling of light fare.  And a second glass of wine.  And... it was all just okay.  I tend to be a little overly focused on food sometimes, especially when I am hungry like I was that night, so I was initially tripped up my this slight misstep.  I initially thought, Bomberos, 3 stars.  But now as I am sitting here, the food seems rather immaterial.  Had I just gone for drinks, I would have docked it 1 star for the so-so wine, but that's about all.  As I am sitting here now, what I remember is a well-lit room, full of warmth, with music humming around me, full of people having fun.  So, 4 stars it is.  Potential to add 1 star if they re-work the wine menu.  I will be back for sure.
4	My husband and I came here Friday night as part of our "phoenix tour of wine bars." Too bad the "tour" only lasted for two places... oh well. We were supposed to just have one drink at Bomberos and move on, but I thought the place was so cute, I made us stay longer.First of all, I agree with some other posters that the food isn't anything to write home about. We had some bruschetta and it was just OK. Pretty much tasted like something I'd make at home -- not bad, but not earth-shattering. Also, they could expand their menu a bit. That being said, I really liked the feel of this place -- not pretentious at all, and yet cool. The outside patio was beautiful and the inside was nice and cozy. The bartender and waitress were both really friendly, and I liked my wine. I tried one of the Uruguayan ones, I think it was the tannat. Yum! I was also excited to see the Quilmes beer, as well as the Argentine wines -- I developed a fondness for them when I was studying abroad in Buenos Aires during college and I still love a good malbec more than just about anything else...Unfortunately, Bomberos is kind of far from our place, so I doubt we'll come back very often, but the next time I'm in that part of Phoenix, I definitely want to stop by again.
4	I stopped in here with a friend on a Friday night (who drove by about seven times, in seemlng disbelief that something so cool looking would be in this 'hood). The scene? People-wise, it felt a bit like I was walking into the middle of a country club wedding. In fact, there was one women with a pink sweater tied around her shoulders. I've heard I was there on an off night--but it was definitely a 40+ date night the night I came. I'm told it's normally packed with a diverse and fun mixed crowd. There were some on the brilliant patio, which is complete with a red Vespa, comfy seating and a blazing fire pit. The wine and beer selection are focused primarily on South American and Latin American imports. I really enjoyed the Quilmes lager I ordered, it reminded me of some I've had on my visits to Costa Rica.The live music was great and fit in well with the South American theme. There is a large 8-person table inside for larger parties, plus several smaller 2- and 4-person tables. Very cozy. For those who enjoy admiring their pink sweater ensembles, check out the gigantic oversized mirror. There is also a flat-screen TV on the wall if your boyfriend won't leave the house if there is a game playing. If you're feeling neglected, I suggest you sit under the TV. It will feel like all of the men in the joint are staring at you. Can't wait to hang out on the patio next time.
5	Bombero's is the BOMB!  Went for my first time Friday night, And it will most surly not be my last! Perfect Place to "wine" down after a loong week and just chill/drink/conversate with your most charming friends and watch their faces glow next to the flames while the warmness melt onto your skin from the pitfire..  ahhh... Oh yeah and the waiter there that night was one of the coolest I have yet to meet.
3	Bomberos is a great addition to Sunny Slope!  At night, it's a nice place to try a new wine, relax on their comfy sofas, and enjoy the person you're sitting across from.  In the morning, it's a great place to pick up a coffee to go or read the paper while the bartender watches the Cartoon Network - come on, where else can you get that?!I'm keeping 2 stars from them for their bad choice in chairs inside the bar (patio furniture belongs on the patio) and for the horrible bread served w/ their appetizers - considering they only have bread based apps, this is a big deal!
3	My husband and I were there with another couple on a Wednesday night.  It is a neat space (it used to be a fire station).  There is a great patio with a nice firepit, but it was packed outside so we ski-doodled our way inside.  Love the interior.  It was a mix of modern wine cellar and cool urban loft.  We ordered their cheese, specialty meats and bruschetta platters.  My favorite from the bunch were the specialty meats (prosciutto, chorizo & salami -- all delicious) and the apple + brie bruschetta.  In hindsight, we should have ordered individual dishes.  The three platters were just not enough to keep four people full.  The service was friendly but slow.  I hope this is not the norm, but there was only one guy servicing both the patio and the restaurant.  Hope they get him some extra help!A bonus:  the restaurant is dog-friendly.
4	Bomberos Cafe & Wine Bar is my new neighborhood hangout.  It's perfect.  The patio is lovely, the inside decor is charming and in addition to an artfully created wine list, they have a delightful menu for social munching.  They aren't just a wine bar.... With their morning coffee and pastries, their dog friendly patio, and their free wifi, Bomberos is earning a place in the neighborhood in the morning as well.When owners Oscar and Kristi Mastrantuono chose their location, he had some ready made advantages as well as some interesting challenges.  The building is an old firehouse, thus the name Bombero which means fireman in Spanish.  The space is small, but they retained the firehouse doors.  On days when the weather cooperates, I suspect that they will be able to open those doors and expand seating to the ample walkway in front of the station.  Any area big enough to hold a few fire trucks is certainly big enough for a few patio tables.  The Mastrantuonos have used the area in back of the building to good advantage.  He has created a delightful seating area.  The landscape is soothing and enchantingly lit with candles, strategically placed electric lights and a central fire pit. There are couches and chairs toward the back which appear to be a stage area for the nights when they have live music.  The interior is just spare enough to be dramatic while still maintaining warmth and intimacy.  The night I was there, they had arranged vases of tulips on the tables and community seating areas.  The contrasting textures, of lots of steel, mirrors, brick and glass did not overwhelm those beautiful tulips.  So it is with their clientele... the environment enhances, never overwhelms.Bomberos opens at 7am each morning with coffee and pastries.  I expect that they will do well during the mornings.  In addition to good coffee and pastries, they provide free wifi.  That will make it very easy for people working nearby to stop in for their break, or arrange morning meetings on their patio.The wine list is exclusively South American.  They have some inspired choices.  I was only able to try 2, and managed to taste a sip of 2 others.  I loved the La Yunta 2005 Torronts.  I had the Cousino Macul Antiguas Reservas Cabernet which was good, but didn't capture my taste buds the way the La Yunta did. The 2 Brothers Big Tattoo was more to my liking.  Not only was that delicious, $.50 of every bottle sold goes to "charities benefiting breast cancer research.  I can drink with a social conscience.It is easy to find things on the menu to enhance your wine choices.  They have 5 different Bruchetta.  For $10 you select 3 varieties for your plate.  Of the three chosen by the friend who accompanied me that evening, i loved one, and thought the other 2 were good, but nothing exceptional.  They serve panini for $10 with the same toppings, and an additional 2 that sounded good.  A cheese plate is custom made for $16.  They have a list of 5 cheeses from which the customer can select 3.  The cheeses are served with dried fruit, nuts and fresh bread.  They have a meat plate for $14 too.I really enjoyed the atmosphere and wine list at Bomberos.  Next time, I will try more of their food.  I did have the chance to talk to Oscar before leaving.  He is a charming host.  I didn't get a chance to meet Kristi.  Perhaps I will meet her on my next visit.
5	I met a couple friends here last Wednesday night. This place has a calm vibe to it.  The decor is modern but the strategically placed candles/lighting, fire pit, and Latin World Music playing in the background give this place a warm European feel. I did not get to see much of the inside.  Check out the web-site's slide show.I tried South American beer for the first time. Very good! And we split a Bruschetta plate. Also very good!  If you want to enjoy a great place with a great patio (before the scorching heat hits) then get over to Bomberos. I will do this place again and again!
5	I will, for once, reserve my words:Get you to this place and check it out yourself!!'nuff said.
3	Bomberos is a cool little spot, no doubt about it.  Its like Postino's sexy Latin cousin.But unfortunately that means that you can't help to compare to Postino.  In that aspect it falls short.  The menu isn't as good....you only get a choice of 3 types of brushetta with the plate and there are less options to choose from.  (And its not nearly as hearty).  The veggie panini I had was ok but it comes with chips which can't be substituted....which brings me to my next point.  They don't offer salads.  If you're a vegan and you go here the veggie sandwich (hold the cheese please) is all you can order.  I'm not a vegan, but I'm just saying.  The no salads thing kinda does suck though.  The wine list is short but interesting.  Our server suggested a fantastic white that was everything I requested in a wine.  The patio is lovely.  However, when we were leaving there was this awful loud live music going on.  We originally tried to sit on the patio but the table that the server tried to seat 4 of us at was really only meant for 3.  When she couldn't find a 4th chair she suggested that one of us sit on a half log- half bench thing.  I wasn't in the mood to get splinters in my ass so I asked if we could be moved inside.  The inside is kind of spartan....I feel like they could have an extra table in there or something.  There is a great large round table that seats 8 which is a great option for a large group.  I think they have wifi as I saw some ASU folk doing some grading while we were there....and they have one large TV which was showing the basketball game.All in all it was a 3.5 experience but I'm pulling it down to a 3 because there was nothing that was simply outstanding.  I would definitely return but if I was given my choice of wine bars in the Valley, this would not be the one I choose....I would definitely choose Cheuvront or Postino over Bomberos.
4	I went here last night with a couple other ladies.  The garden-feel outdoor patio was great - the trees that hung over and created a canopy made it feel very cozy but it wasn't cramped at all.  I had no reason to go inside so can't comment on that. I have to say the live music was way TOO LOUD and our conversation went from normal speaking to nearly screaming across a small table. And then we had those awkward moments where someone - usually me - was talking and the song was suddenly over and that word that just started coming out of your mouth is loud enough for everyone to hear. not cool. On to the food...we tried the cheese plate - I really liked the manchego and drunken goat (don't ask me what it is other than made out of goat's milk and really tasty) but would try something other than the gorgonzola...generally I like gorgonzola but something about it didn't appeal to me.  We also got the meat plate - sausage chorizo (as you can imagine it was on the oily side), prosciutto and salami.  Suprisingly, the salami was my favorite. I probably wouldn't do the meat plate again.Wine - I only tried one, La Yunta, (a white wine) based off a review I saw. I'm not a wine expert nor pretend to be one so here's my comment - I like it. I would get it again.  I liked it so much I had 3 glasses so I really liked it! The customer service - probably the best part. The hostess and our waitress were very nice -- not pushy (on time), no attitude.  To me the customer service is the biggest part of an experience. Next time I'd go back I'd hope to have the same waitress and try a panini (they were big enough for 2 people to easily split and be full).I really wish the music would have been a little lower-volume. It was nice music, I like that they have live music, it was just too loud. I think it started around 7 or so and the hour we had before the music was nice. I'll go back, just early enough to have some "quiet time" and try something else from their limited menu. Definitely would have the drunken goat again :)
3	Chic space with a cool modern vibe. The two times I have been in the past week have both been to meet some friends and the inside is very conducive to relaxing and chatting. The patio is large and looks very cute, but I hesitate to sit out there because it doesn't look like there isa lot of seating options for a large group on the patio and it also seems loud especially the one night I was there and they had live music.The one wine I have tried is La Playa and it is awesome! So awesome in fact that both times I have gone, we have ended up ordering and drinking two bottles of it. My husband tried a dark beer last night that even I thought was good and I am not a dark beer fan typically.  As for the food, I have tried the bruschetta and you get two pieces of three different kinds. I have tried the brie and apple, brie and prosciutto, and the tomato and mozzarella. While it was good, it doesn't compete with Postino. I dream about the bruschetta at Postino...Bomberos not so much.  Last night I tried the apple and brie panini. To me, it was disappointing. The brie and apple flavor didn't work with the bread. I can't place my finger on it exactly, but something was just off about the whole sandwich.  The menu is rather small and does not include any salads. Call me crazy, but some days I really just crave a salad!The main reason Bomberos only gets 3 stars in my book is service. While the servers are friendly enough, they are not overly attentive. I hate when I see in restaurants the entire staff standing around at the bar chatting away and then when you want something, you look back and they have all disappeared. That has happened both times I have been there...we look up and every single person who works there is no where to be found in the restaurant leaving us all alone in the dining room when all we want is a new bottle of wine or for them to clear our plates!  On the plus side, my friends did request the Spurs/Hornets basketball game to be put on the TV which they nicely accommodated.Bomberos is a cute neighborhood wine bar and I am sure I will return, but given the abundance of wine bars in the Valley, it is not the first one I will think of or go to.
4	I was part of Kristen's group and for me the Bomberos experience is a good solid four.Despite the the incident with the log- we were finally sat inside with is a little dark and set up for conversations. The patio was nice but is a little cramped. The live music that was being played was a little loud for the size of the patio. As for the menu, my panini was good, not stellar, but I was just glad to have something of substance. The wine list was unfamiliar and we took the suggestion of the waiter for La Playa and seriously that wine (and the company :) ) made the night. Bomberos has a lot of potential and I will definitely be back, even if just to pick up a bottle of that wine!
4	Every time I go to a place like Bomberos I tend to guess what it's reminiscent of.  Is it South Beach? New York? LA?  And I caught myself doing the same thing sitting on Bomberos patio when I decided it belongs to Phoenix, pure and simply.  The architecture of the building, the patio, hot & sweaty nights, latin music playing in the background, all reminiscent of our great city. We sat on the beautiful patio, with twinkling candles, mesquite trees acting as a makeshift umbrella, with comfy patio furniture.  There are several nice features on the patio - a fountain, fire pit, lots of candles and a beautiful piece of candle wall art.  Even though there were only two occupied tables on the patio that night, they still came out and lit all 50+ candles. I ordered a fabulous glass of wine, I wish I could remember the name to recommend - I do remember it was white and from Argentina. For food we ordered the salad of the day, bruschetta, the salami pesto Panini and the chocolate espresso torte.  All were good, but the dessert was delectable.  I wanted to give this place 5 stars because I really dug it, but had to deduct a star for the following:1. Bringing out our salad with our entrees when we clearly ordered it as an app. 2. A panini that was painful to bite into, it seriously scratched the roof of your mouth.3. A beautiful fire pit, but is it really necessary in the 100+ heat? 4. Good bruschetta, but not as good as Postino. Our waiter told us that they open at 7am and to come in for a glass of morning wine.  A glass of wine before work?  Now there's a novel idea.
3	We ordered appetizers, wine, and a meal. The wine came within five minutes of ordering. A table of four came about fifteen minutes after we ordered. Ten minutes later they got all of their food and drink. When we saw that, we called over the waitress to point it out. Five minutes later our appetizer came out with my husband's meal and no mention about my own meal. Also....about three minutes before those two things came out, the waitress had to come back and ask what we ordered because she forgot. A new couple sat down around the same time our appetizers and that one meal came out. They got their appetizers at the same time MY meal was finally served. The only reason this place gets three stars from me is because the food is pretty darn good!
5	Thank you to future yelper Christina P for insisting on meeting at Bomberos for our lunch meeting today.  As Ayesha said previously, it is adorable, unique, intimate, and perfect!  Since we met for a late lunch, it was pretty quiet in the restaurant and we received personal attention from both Oscar and our waitress - i felt so special!Since Christina P is a regular, I asked for her favorite items (pretty much everything on the menu), listened to the salad of the day (which sounded delicious), and then since I was having a hard time making a decision, we decided to split a tuna and a veggie panini sandwich.  It was a great decision... the kitchen split them for us and the were both delicious!  The tuna is not creamy; it's flaked and the perfect consistency with capers and vinegar - we had manchego cheese melted along with it... like a Cuban version of a tuna melt!  The bread was toasted perfectly - crunchy on the outside and moist and soft on the inside.  The veggie version includes artichoke hearts, roasted red pepper, tomato, basil, and manchego cheese too - everything tasted fresh and light.  Although the servings are pretty generous, so I managed to get full without cleaning my plate.  Paninis are served with potato chips (the kind that taste crunchy and salty and you know they are not good for you but you eat them anyways) and pickles (which I requested more of because they were also so good).It was lunchtime, so we stuck with water but I will have to return to enjoy their wine selection in the future.  That, and the live music, back patio (which is beautiful), and the welcoming atmosphere and friendly service...Thanks again, Christina, for selecting Bomberos  - I enjoyed your company and our lunch very much!
5	I was in Bomberos for breakfast this morning, and I was told they now carry Coca Lite!  So much better than Diet Coke - I had no idea I could find it anywhere in the US!  How great is that?Also, Bomberos is now using MJ Breads and Tammie Co pastries... not too shabby, huh?
4	Wine service here was attentive, and table service was just as accommodating with our wishy washy group.  I was shocked, especially considering the pampered-poodleness of my friend Maya and the rest of us wanting the coveted sofa section near the dramatic giant mirror -- which we did indeed score later on at this neighborhoody bar.You can't go wrong with the $8 La Playa Chilean chardonnay, and so agreed my Chilean girlfriend from Surprise. A Quilmes lager bottle at $6 is a bit more than I'm used to, but given it isn't served very many places is worth the trouble.Bomberos is way north of Downtown in Sunnyslope, but is well worth the drive.  The coziness of the smallish (former fire dept) main room and the extent of the spacious outdoor patio (especially on Wednesdays) is excellent when they have a Brazilian jazz DJ.
3	Visited Bomberos last Friday with another couple.  We had 2-3 glasses of wine each and 3 appetizers (cheese place, salad, and meat plate).  The tab was $180 and we all felt it was overpriced.  The wines were nice bur not wow and the food was OK.  I'd travel to Postino next time for much better food, larger variety of vino and better value.As for ambience, the inside is very noisy, it was difficult to carry on a conversation at times.The patio does look nice so we might try it again when the weather is cooler but then again, maybe not.
5	This is a new discovery for me and I loved it. Bomberos has some great wine selections and great food. We ordered three different kinds of bruschetta and all were fantastic. The servers were very attentive, never had to ask for another glass of wine. Well worth a visit!
5	Wow wow wee waa! What a nice place.  Didn't eat any food, but I will next time, I promise.  Tried three wines, including their special house Pino, and all were fabulous!   Great patio, ---no REALLY great patio! Good service. Rockin' good looks. On a Thursday night, only about 50% full, so it's not like Postinos where you have to wait 30 mins for a table.
4	Great patio atmosphere- fire pit, star lanterns, comfy couches, lights in trees... The food and wine was also really good. I'd recommend their Pinot Black- that's correct, it's a Pinot Noir from Chile that is called Pinot Black.I had the bruschetta and you could choose three of the options. All were good (but I'm partial to Postinos) and I had the gorgonzola and fig, mozzarella and tomato, and something with brie. My husband ordered a panini and they burned it. The waitress was very apologetic and had the chef make another one.
5	Wow.... has this corner of Sunnyslope changed!10 years ago I worked in an office building across the street, at an Internet startup. The day we moved in, there was a double homicide at the Circle K on Dunlap and Central. After that, I brought my baseball bat to work every day, because I usually didn't leave until late at night when crack zombies congregated in the parking garage below the building. I called it "Louis," my coworker called it (very Un-PC) the Ethnic Cleanser. Now.... the ghetto elements are gone, and there is a wonderful wine bar with an even better patio.We put down a bottle of the Rose - it was very, very tasty and drinkable. We went on a Sunday, all they serve then is their breakfast menu. Well... it rocked. I had the veggie and cheese omelette, my guest had the chorizo wrap. Both were superb! The service was attentive, the ambiance was awesome both indoors and outdoors. The patio is shaded by some giant mesquites, with comfortable couch and chair seating. I'll be back! Especially for the goat and sheep cheese plate, and to try some of the rest of their fantastic wine selection. Ole!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my bruscetta flight and my wine--- I am not a wine drinker really but they had a nice selection and the server was very nice, I told what I do like and don't like about wine and she picked the perfect one out for me.  That is great b/c other times I tell people that I don't like dry wine and they bring me....... drum-roll..... a glass of over-priced dry wine.The ambiance is fabulous, it's cool, chill, relaxed and perfect for conversation.  Now that the weather is cooler, I would like to sit on the patio and have a nice night out. The mornings sound divine here but unforts, not able to make that kind of morning commitment-- too far of a drive but I'll be there soon to sit on that patio.  Hope you are too!
4	I liked my food, and the beer I had (the Xingu) was good as well.  I had the brie and prosciutto panini because I was starving and found myself well-filled by the end of the second half of the sandwich.  The ambiance was really nice, the fire, the candles, the couch.  Really a perfect evening all around, especially at half price (for their 1-year anniversary).  The wine list looked a bit expensive, but all-in-all I was pleased with the experience and wouldn't hesitate to return.
4	Yay for Bomberos's anniversary event! I stopped by last night, meeting up with the party Christina P organized around 6PM. All of the hostesses and servers were really friendly and personable and I found the Yelpers quickly. The outdoor patio is just delicious; stone and gravel with mesquite trees and potted plants all circled around a big fire pit that gave a glowing ambience to the whole evening.  The glass wine prices were perhaps a little higher than I like to pay...especially because their south american wines are readily available by the bottle what they were charging for a glass. Of course I got a 50% discount for the anniversary party, but otherwise I think I would just as soon buy a whole bottle and stay the entire afternoon and evening lounging on their couches.  But the wine list was nicely varied for all tastes and they had Cusquena beer which is just absurdly fun. I ordered a veggie panini for $10 and thought it was a bit light on the actual veggies, but really tasty nonetheless. Again, at 50% I would not complain.  For a real $10 sandwich I would like to see quarters of artichoke, not just choppy bits. On my way out I saw that they offer breakfast and I think it would be so cool to brunch there! And to see their full lunch and dinner menu. Yeah, I will be back, for sure.
5	One of the best places in town.  Love the food and the wine.  Great date place.
5	You might say I'm a "regular." I absolutely love Bomberos and can be found there with my laptop on a Saturday morning for breakfast, having a lunch meeting during the week, unwinding at the bar after a long day at work or on the patio enjoying the company of friends late into the evening. (Although, not THIS week, because it appears they are closed from 12/22 - 12/28. Making up for it with a free wine tasting on 12/29 though...)Truly, there's little to add to what's already been said:Hands down it's the best patio in the Valley - water features in the summer and an awesome fire pit for the chillier months.Live music on the patio most Saturday nights gives people a chance to relax or get up and get their Latin groove on.Inside is urban chic but unpretentious and lets you feel cool for being there no matter how cool you are.Breakfast portions are generous and the coffee is awesome (said the self-proclaimed coffee snob).  By the way, my favorite breakfast option made a short appearance on the menu but can still be ordered: salami and Swiss omelet - egg whites only with home fries... yummy!Lunch offers a half salad - half sandwich option and there's always a "salad of the day." (I can't pick a favorite panini or bruschetta because they're all good but I can say putting manchego on the tuna makes it even better!)Free WiFi and it's VERY quite during the day making it easy to have a meeting or catch up on some work.I remember sitting on a crate in the building that is Bomberos before it was a wine bar and drinking a bottle of whatever my friend picked up from Orange Market at the corner and dreaming about what it would be one day... Christi and Oscar have done a superb job in their first year and I'm so grateful to have such a great place as my neighborhood hang out!
4	Went to Bomberos last night for dinner and wine. The outdoor seating area will definitely bring me back in the Spring and Summer months. The chairs and loungers with cushions looked pretty inviting, as did the outdoor fireplace.We decided to stay inside, which also had a mixture of tables with chairs and lounging couches for larger crowds. This dimly lit wine bar boasts its South American influence all the way down to the music playing both inside and out.We had a cheese plate, olive, paninis and bushetta. All were so delicious, none of us could stop eating. The menu is very similar to Postinos wine cafe, however, this place isn't so sceney. This is a much more quaint establishment and I would recommend going back.
4	Went to Bomberos for the first time last Monday and had a fabulous time!  I was so excited to try this place, but slightly nervous bringing the bf.  Some wine bars can be too stiff or try to be too fancy.  But not Bomberos.  We choose to sit outside on the patio and the fire pit was blazing.  Very romantic, plus the music was very hip.  Our server, Julie, was very helpful as we selected our bottle of Pinot Noir.  She was very friendly, but could have checked on us a tiny bit more.For food we had the Trio of Bruscetta- we ordered the Traditional mozzarella, basil, and tomato; Fig and Gorgonzola; and Proscetta and goat cheese.  All were very good.  The one with mostly fig (I think the gorgonzola) could of had a bit more cheese, it was a bit overwelming with figs.  We also had the salami panini and it was fantastic.We will be back soon for certain.  I hear Saturday offers live music outside.  Bomberos will be a regular place for us for sure!
4	I finally got to sit on the patio and enjoy the chilly weather.  It was wonderful.  The service again was great and the food was tasty.  My only problem was the wind blowing kinda hard and little leafy things from the trees above flutter down all over the food and in the drink glasses.  It didn't stop me from eating or drinking but it was just kinda annoying.  Not enough to keep me away though.Bombero's has an uber chill atmosphere that I really enjoy and the food is really good.  I even got to order a "to-go" coffee and it was a nice cup of Joe- just what I needed after a chilly evening on the patio.  Heaters and fire pit were going so not so bad.  Just a great night over all!
4	I really like this place, it's got great wine, and the food was just right. I wish it was closer to my house.
4	I like this place a lot, it is cute and cool, but the prices for wine are silly for S. American brands.  Your best bet here is to buy a bottle of something in the $27-$35 range rather than glass at a time for $12-$14.  Then if you don't finish it (you are going to finish it), take it with you.We do love the back area, its very neat, one of the best patios in Phoenix and they're dog friendly.  Come in the morning for Coffee and Tammie Coe (YUM!) pastries.  They also serve MJ breads for their evening tapa style options.For food, get an order of Bruschetta, its very nice and they have some very good food for the price.  This is where they shine - not with the wine, which is pretty good, just overpriced.  Their cheese platters are also quite good, well worth it.Each month they have a wine tasting with Kim Hartleroad, make sure you come in for that.  For $25 you get some nice snacks, 3 to 4 wines to taste and some great lessons from a local wine guru.Its very nice to have a place for evening tapas and wine as well as great options in the morning with Illy Coffee and Tammie Coe pastries.  They have a great place here, make sure you stop in, day or night!
4	I rode my bike the other day, on a whim, to Bomberos. There I sat in the chic but modern patio, underneath a friendly March Sun and cascading little palo verde leaves that seemed intent on landing in my ice water. I ordered a glass of pinot noir, I think it was called Pinot Black but whatever it was it went perfectly with the chocolate croissant I was lucky enough to nab from their morning pastry selection. And there I sat for about an hour or so, people watching, sipping and writing.My favorite little scene was a group of women who easily could have been called Dorothy, Blanch, Sophia and Rose all wearing capris except for one rebel, sharing a bottle of what looked like Pinot Grigio, or rather my biased suspicions would lead me to believe that that's what they were drinking. And while I was perfectly satisfied just chillin' with my damn self, a little part of me wanted what they had for that moment: A shared bottle of wine, old friends and a hip place to enjoy it all. After two glasses of wine though, I did have a nice little lounge fest for one. To say the least I was relaxed. The server even asked if I was ok to ride my bike home. Lucky for him my wine paired well with his cheese.If my CenPho-centric ass was more prone to lounging in faraway north of Camelback cafe/wine bars I might give this great little find a full five. I'll definitely be back sometime, hopefully at night, in search of that fifth star.
4	Found this place by accident....  must say I was pretty impressed. Went for lunch, and I'm excited to go back at night for some live music....only downside was the lack of good cover on the back patio.  Its totally cute and I love patios... but every time the wind blew my iced tea (which, BTW, is ridiculously good)  filled up with little tiny leaves.But aside from that small set back... our waiter was personable and attentive, the food was surprisingly good, and the ambiance just right....The menu is a little sparse, but I kind of like that...  they don't try to do too many things, and what they do - they do well.The servings are huge.  I wound up taking half my panini home (guess I shouldn't have filed up on the bruschetta!)  - what really impressed me was that it was still good heated up in the microwave the next day...  sandwiches, let alone paninis - don't normally keep that well.all in all a good experience, happy I stumbled upon it.... I'll be back.
4	Really 3.5 stars rounded up.I was there on a Friday evening for a birthday party.  We had a space reserved near the fire pit outside and other than using the restroom just inside the door I never saw the inside of the place.  The patio was large enough there were two parties going on and still several tables left, which being a beautiful evening most were in use.  We had brought a cake and they were nice enough to provide a knife and plates/forks for us.  Our waiter is where the 4th star was earned.  He never wrote anything down,  I did not hear that he screwed up any orders for our party of 15 or so.  He was very familiar with every item on the food and drink menu.  In addition to a coupleof beers I had a fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil panini ($10) which was very good and came with a bowl of chips.  .When it came time for us to go he already had the checks split.  Because of our party size there was a gratuity already added and I am willing to bet I wasn't the only one that added some more.Two things that cost them 1/2 star. They were out of the only dark beer on the list.  That didn't bother me as I wanted a Pilsner anyway but there were at least 2 in our party that wanted the dark beer and had to settle for something else.  The parking sucks.  There are like 9 parking spots for a bar that could have close to 100 people including employees.  The parking spilled over into the business next door and down the side streets and behind another restaurant down the street.  I would hate to own a house close to here.
4	Bomberos, a Norwegian based group, playing what they like to call "obscene, disgusting punk", was formed in 2002......ooops my bad, Bomberos are Fire Fighters in Chilie...incidently my second favorite south american country..stopped here for Chrissy's surprise birthday party hosted by the fabuloso Amber and Teh "Cool Kids"...so what is my take on Bomberos? well i found it to be very comfortable, i feel kinda lame to write a review on a "Cafe & Wine Bar" if i didn't actually eat or drink anything. but the environment alone deserves 4 stars. it is truely an enchanting spot. everything they served looked awesome and there was nothing but Hmmmm's and "Yumm" and from the previous reviews i tend to believe that most of them are not over exagerated.  i look forward to returning sometime soon. for what i consider to be outer limits of my bubble, it's certainly not off limits. i will let Bomberos put out my fire any time. as long as it's with a nice Chilean Lager.Yelp!
5	So, I had been here before, for all of about 10 minutes and wasn't able to sample any food or beverage. On Thursday last week I was able to get the full experience. I was taken here on a date. That's right, someone took ME here. That was a nice change of pace. We got there around 8 on a Thursday night and the place wasn't too busy. we sat inside right next to the roll up doors. The place used to be a firehouse. So there was perfect weather. We started the meal with drinks. She ordered a bottle of Sauv White. I finally got to try an Argentinian Malbec, full bodied(well that is what the waiter told me). The malbec was very good. I tried some of the Sauv, it was very tasty also. I usually don't like whites, but it wasn't too dry. We shared a small bowl of marinated olives. Kalamata and Green olives, very good. I ate most of it. For the main course I had the Salami & Manchego panini with pesto. OMG!!! This thing was awesome! Very toasty and buttery. I had half of it with a salad. The salad was simple greens with flaky tuna. Now, this could have been canned tuna and anyone who knows me, knows I hate this with every ounce of my being. With that being said, the salad was excellent. The tuna was marinated in vinegar and capers and took away a lot of the nastiness. It had a simple balsamic vinaigrette on it. I was very impressed with the food and ate every bit on my plate. For dessert we split a flourless chocolate souffle. It had a very large, ripe strawberry on top and a huge dollop of fresh whip cream. If you like chocolate, get this and you won't be disappointed. We finished up the food and headed to the patio. The patio is cozy with several fire pits and lots of seating. This would be a great patio for a day drink or to unwind at night. I have always wanted to try mate,pronounced Maw-tay (thanks Z), a traditional South American tea. It was very good, but on first taste reminded me of a cigar. Ask them for honey and put it in. Very good. They bring out a thermos type thing of hot water so you can just keep refilling. I highly recommend it. This is a little gem in the heart of Sunnyslope. Great patio, very warm interior, great service, and great food. The food menu is small, but I bet everything is done to perfection. Large, interesting wine list for the wine aficionados out there.  I love when little local places blow me away.
4	Based on the fact that very little on the menu was appealing to me, I would give this place 3.5 stars, but since I am a nice person and I figure others are less picky than I am, they get 4.The husband took the day off of work but since I was stuck slaving away, he picked me up to take me to lunch.  Bomberos is right by where I work, so we figured it would be a good bet.  The place is really cute inside with a nice view of the street.  Our server came by after a few minutes but he was a little stand-offish and didn't really have any recommendations.  A little disappointing in my opinion.  The menu is short, so it didn't take long for me to decide on the Salami and Manchego Panini.My sandwich was sinfully delicious.  Pesto, manchego, and salami were sandwiched between two huge pieces of bread and grilled to crisp perfection.  It was served with a side of potato chips and a couple tiny but very yummy pickles.  The panino was overwhelming, and I couldn't even finish it.  I was surprised.  The pesto was really good, but I was tasting it for the rest of the day.  I would order this again, but maybe because it was the only thing that sounded good to me on the menu.  Again, I am annoyingly picky.My main gripe about this place is how slow everything is.  Our server was really slow and didn't pay attention to a whole lot of anything besides himself.  We saw our panini up in the window for about 5 minutes before someone else saw it and brought it out.  I was also a bit irritated because a quick sit-down lunch for two turned out to be 45 minutes long instead of the typical 30 minutes.  Anyway, not a big deal.  I would recommend this place to others.  It seems to be a nice place to hang out and eat some good food with a nice glass of wine.  I know nothing about wine so I couldn't comment on their selection.  During our nicer weather months, the patio seems like an awesome place to hang out and relax.
4	How I want to give this place 5 stars.  I grappled with it for at least 5 minutes before finally writing this.  The location is killer.  Not only is it in 'Slope (which is an awesome neighborhood) but it is an old fire house (complete with garage doors) and has a beautifully shaded patio.  Really top notch.  The panino I had, with manchengo, pesto, and salami was AMAZING.  Even the chips were good.The menu was a little lacking in things that interested me but the one thing I found was simply the best.The service was dreadfully slow.  For a couple sandwiches that should only take 5 minutes to make, the 15 we waited was too long.  I grapple with comparing this place to Postino because they are so similar but where Postino succeeds in great service, Bomberos food was just flat out better.  So many difficult decisions in life to make and choosing between these two wine bars could be the toughest.
1	I absolutely despise feeling like I've been judged not worth someone's time due to their assumptions about my financial status based on my outward appearance.And this time it wasn't even by a girl in a G-String on a pole!Okay, so anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm not regularly dining high on the hog, but don't the beautiful rich people slum around in workout gear sometimes, too?So after a recent run down Central Ave, one of my K9's and I decided to partake in a little of the awesome concept Donald S calls RETOXIFYING.  A little snack and some wine out on the patio sounded great to me, so I went over to Bomberos.It was early in the day, so they weren't at all busy, there were only a couple of other customers either inside or out.  I walked in and out between the patio and the inside seating area several times over a few moments, purposefully contorting my face into the restaurant patron's "where do I go?" look.  Since the server's work station and door to the kitchen area were in that narrow hallway, I actually was in the way of the couple of servers who were there trying to move to and from the two dining areas.I did not get greeted at all, either before or after I had to stop one of them and ask for a menu. I sat and reviewed the menu for a several minutes, all the while continuing my confused, helpless patron routine.Nothing.With nary a peep out of the servers, I walked away.My tendency to frequent $ instead of $$$$ places comes less from a lack of means than it does from my countless experiences that what you get for your $$$$ is often not worth it.  If I have a 2* experience at a $ restaurant, I may be a little upset, but if I have a 2* experience at a $$$$ establishment, I'm going to be postally pioughd.Bomberos may treat you like one of the Sunnyslope Elite, if you show up looking like you are one of the Sunnyslope Elite.  Maybe then their overpriced wine and admittedly tasty looking nosh might seem worth it.  (It IS all from South America)  Without friendly or at least minimally cordial customer service, they can stuff it up their stuffy butts.I ended up stopping at a nasty dirty nearby Sonic (limited options due to the dog, remember) where both the order-taking electronic voice and the rollerskate-less carhop both had the decency to ask me how I was doing that day.
5	How have I not written about Bombero's by now?  I figure it's a perfect time as I sit here now enjoying a perfect evening yet again...made even better as I look up and Josh is pouring some wine moving his cute self to the music.The atmosphere at Bombero's is second to none.  Beautiful interior, seductive patio, amazing service, delicious paninis and bruschetta for lunch, dinner or snack to share (after a splendid breakfast of course!), and music which puts me in a perfect state of mind.  Come with a friend, come with a date, have a business lunch or coffee and everyone is welcome to come single...sit at the bar and delve into conversation with one of the regulars...perhaps it will be me!Seriously a good place to be any time of day, starting with an omelette and latte at 7am or going late night for a glass of wine and desert.Oh, and there are Happy Hour specials this summer which make it even more enticing.  1/2 price glasses of wine 11am to 6pm and then the last two hours before closing.  All beers $4 during this time.Free wireless and pet-friendly patio.
5	I had been wanting to stop by this wine bar for some time (old fire station converted into wine bar) and figured I'd scope it out for friends for our next outing.  All wines are from South America.  They have a nice selection of blends which I am starting to form a taste for.  The bartender (it was a Wednesday...I think his name is Tim) was extremely helpful.  Gave me the lowdown on all of their happy hours, was kind enough to explain the wine menu in greater detail, offer suggestions, and then graciously pour a few different wines that I was curious about for tasting.  I was also very curious about their breakfast and teas as they are open early @ 7am....so he brewed me an iced Yerba Mate tea...I am now hooked...  Looking forward to trying their Spanish Chorizo Panini...stay tuned for an update to this awesome cool vibe of a joint (which offers a quaint backyard outdoor setting), live music on Thurs., Fri, & Sat) and Tammie Coe desserts ;-)
4	I love the atmosphere at Bomberos, outside and in.  When you are outside it feels lke you could be in aonther country, perhaps, Paris France, or somewhere in Naples, Wine Country in California at a wine bistro.  I love their bruschetta paired with the right wine.  This place is so much fun with friends and even better with the right guy for a romantic date.
5	Still loving Bomberos...~ They've added some pannini including a cantaloupe, prosciutto and mint which is a refreshing choice with a salad. ~ $8 now for salad, panini or bruschetta OR a 1/2 pannini and half salad at lunch! ~ Happy hour from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. gets you 1/2 price wine by the glass or $4 for beer (all imported).
5	Fantastic place - great food for the type it serves, and an excellent wine selection.      Great place for a romantic evening - have done it numerous times.    Wine is a bit overpriced, but we're willing to pay it for the atmosphere.    Would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a cool, trendy place with good eye candy and good eats.
3	Wonderful Patio! But we had very mediocre service, and the prices are about 30% more expensive than Postino.Postino it is for me.
2	Stopped in with a friend for an early happy hour. Appearances can be deceiving -- beautiful patio and indoor decor. We were one of only three parties in the place, so there was no excuse for poor service. Our server was a bit cold...he did not make a good first impression...and didn't know much about the wines we asked about.  The first wine my friend ordered was 'permanently' out of stock. (so why was it still on the menu?)I may be slightly biased, using Postino's as my benchmark for local wine bars. We ordered a bowl of olives for $7, which was not only over-priced, but also reminiscent of the olive bar at Safeway, and tasted like they were freshly plucked from an aluminum can.  The wine I ordered tasted stale and was above room temperature. I was excited to try Bomberos, and I might give it a second chance, but there are some easy fixes this establishment can perform in the meantime.
5	I love this place. The patio is beautiful! The  menu makes me want to bring everybody I know and order one of everything to share! It is a bit pricey but not really all that high!
4	Finally made it to Bomberos for an after-dinner glass of wine.  I was really surprised at how small the place is!  I love that!  And the patio is so nice we opted to sit outside.  Seemed like a good idea at the time..until we realized it was 95 degrees outside and the breeze had died down.But I enjoyed my glass of white wine.  I couldn't tell you what it was beyond something South American.  Glasses average $10-$12, so it is a little expensive, but I would gladly return.  Can't wait to try something from their menu next time!
3	I have to admit I have a love-hate relationship with this place. I should try other wine bars that way I have an idea of what to compare Bomberos to. I have to say though the bruschetta and the many options they offer to top it have been quite tasty. I think that's about where my love stops. The past few times I have gone it's on a Saturday night since they are open until 1 am. I have had the same waitress the 3 of 4 times I have gone and all I can say to describe her is rude. When I first checked the place out I was a bit confused with the menu and she stood there in that awkward, silent way, when you know someone is thinking you're an idiot. She wouldn't say a word until I asked for clarification. Even while clarifying she seemed so incredibly annoyed to be doing her job in talking to a customer. Once she was gone I didn't see a refill unless I flagged her down so I can get some ice water with a side of evil eye. The other thing I don't understand is why does bread with cold toppings take 25 minutes every time and hardly anyone around?
5	we're talking ridiculously delightful, here.  we're talking about an adorableness that is surpassed only by the hugely adorable morning barista, Sam, who put up with the idiosyncracies of my extended family with ease.this place is so f$%#ing cute I can't stand it.  It has a smallish inside with free wireless, a coffee bar, and a small but well-appointed menu that is just full of delicious stuff.  There's a huge outside patio which has some good tree-shade so that it's palatable even when it's a bit too hot to sit outside under other circumstances.We had some of everything when we went.  The panini are served with this thick (in size--it wasn't very dense at all) bread that is buttery and flaky and golden all at once, and really good ingredients.  My mom got the melon and prosciutto panini.  I got the veggie panini (tomatoes, red peppers, artichokes, etc) which was really great--my personal preference would be fewer red peppers but I just plucked them off.  There's a chimichurri panini.  All really good.  There's a panini (I'm guessing the singular of panini is panino but how pretentious should I get in this forum?) with mozzarella and tomato and basil.  Yesterday was vegetarian day, and there were plenty of options for that.They also offer bruschetta, where you choose from a bunch of different options--mostly the same as would be available on the panini, so a lot of the above possibilities--and that received rave reviews as well.The wine was half off.  The cappuccinos were tasty (I hear).  Sam was charming.  What more can I say?Ah--one more thing.  They had a flourless chocolate dessert from Tammie Coe, which was my first experience with a Tammie Coe item, and it was reeeeeally good.  It was called the Chocolate Sensational and it had a few berries around the rich chocolate thing.  I would add more berries if I were god.  But I'm not, I keep getting told.One final note.  There are a couple reviews that bash the place for slow-ish service.  I would just remind everyone that this isn't ihop--this place has a south american (and in my opinion, european) feel and if I can tell you anything about service in south america, it's don't be in a hurry.  I know, you rebut: we live here. in north america.  But that isn't the point.  The point is this: you go to this place to get a taste of what such a restaurant would be in south america.  it's clean, it's cute, it's small. the food is excellent, and surprisingly well priced.  It's like your own little foreign exchange coup!  Moral: Bomberos is the mad note.  Go there and relax.  You're too uptight, anyway.
5	Returned for a recent breakfast, and can't stop thinking about how much I enjoyed it.  I did an omelet, which was great, but I LOVED their coffee.  What a nice morning.Now that they're doing happy hour, i need to get back here in the evening, especially now that it's nice enough to really enjoy the patio.
1	Here's the problem: This is in a DICEY neighborhood, right at the edge of a BAD neighborhood. Two friends of mine were ABDUCTED AT GUNPOINT from this "lovely patio" about a month ago. Look it up in the AZ Republic if you don't believe me. One managed to escape being driven down a dark alley (for what purpose??) after being forced to empty her bank account, and managed to run to a store where they called the police, who rescued her friend. Ladies, I would say do not sit on this patio alone after nightfall. BTW, the owners avoided calling the girls back and there was not so much as an "are they ok" when their sister called to let them know there had been a problem. they were worried they might ask for something, apparently. Nice!
4	Great patio area with overhanging trees. They have scattered lighting and very comfortable seating. The meat, cheese, and olive trays paired with wine is why I go there. Pros: Great choices and knowledgeable staff. Great atmosphere. Cons: Service suffers some nights. The only reason for the missing 5th star.
4	This is a very neat place that is a great adaptave reuse of a firehouse. Sure it's in Sunnyslope, the butthole of Arizona, but it's in a perfectly fine part of Sunnyslope, and most of the people at this establishment are from better parts of town. It's the crowd that would typically go to Vig, Postino, etc. but are less concerned with being seen, so they go to Bombero. They get HUGE points for serving Spanish Chorizo, which if you have never had is the real way to serve and eat chorizo. It's chopped and almost the same consistency as salame or pepperoni. They do a great menu of panini sandwiches and have a neat Southern American based wine menu.The patio here is trememdous with huge fire pits, a treen canopy, and a great seating arrangement with couches and large chairs. The service here was good and the food was very tasty.
5	I love this place so much I am anxious about writing a review!  It's just a delightful slice of heaven.  The food it delicious - especially the salads!  They are so generous and very unique and yummy.    I like the breakfasts -- my son even likes the food there!  The meat plate is fun to eat with wine.  I love being outside - the fire pit, the trees, and the music!  I love being inside, the big garage doors, the mirror, the scooter!They support local the local school and they are so nice!!Go there...bring your family.  My parents like it, my son likes it - my fiance likes it.  GO!
2	Everything was nice that night ,friends,food,music and wine selection. They done taketh it away by letting Julie the waitress work there nice nasty tude. She was spoil more so than the grapes. Julie, get a grip on your tude and not the money
4	Sooo.. went to Bomberos for the first time a few weeks ago and then went back there again a little later.  What a cool place!  Seriously kicks butt over Postinos!  I mean, don't get me wrong, I like Postinos!  I probably go there about 2 x a month so obviously I like it.  But Bomberos has something a little different.. namely space on the patio! Seriously!  Postinos you are side by side with an old couple, a gay couple, a couple on a date,a couple of girls, and a  group of all the above.  Not that ANY of the above are bad,  I just prefer a little space away from them and not hearing all the conversations.    Bomberos has this cool outdoor vibe with the old mesquites (or maybe they are ironwoods?) and the firepit. Uber romantico!  The food is good too.. I would call it rustic bruschetta as the cheeses and "stuff" that they put on the bruschetta looks like it has been hacked off and miraculously has missed someone's finger.  Super tasty.. my companion and I had a cheese plate, and a ham something that I just can't remember at this point.  Come to think of it, that may be because of all the good red wine we had!One thing:  Be careful when you are sitting at the side of the patio as the edge of the patio has  alittle lip that goes down and if you aren't careful, you can wind up spilling over onto the bushes.  Not that I am saying that I did that or that it was a result of the wine or my innate clutziness but still.. they need to bring the edge up so that you don't fall and look like a drunk idiot.  I prefer to keep that info to myself!  Highly recommend!
2	The service was slow, the server knew nothing of the wines on the menu and knew nothing of proper wine service.  Boo.
5	I discovered this place by going on one of my usual 20 mile bike rides along the canal until something cool popped up. I sat outside and sipped a nice chamomile tea as the first rain of winter fell unleashing an amazing scent. The staff was top notch and I was delighted to see several tannat wines from Uruguay on the menu. I can't wait to return some evening to share a bottle of wine and tapas with my girlfriend.
4	Wine bars with a patio..... duh! I'm so in! I have been to Bomberos a handfull of times, and every time it is satisfying. They have a small food menu, I have never tried anything so I cannot speak on the quality, and a great wine list. They are a bit more expensive than I would like, $10 min per glass of wine and bottles starting around $37. But they do have a good happy hour and reverse happy hour that I believe is half off glasses, perfect! The patio is just perfect. The table are nicely spread out, giving you your own space so you and your party can talk and not be bothered with a ton of other table blabbing your ears off, warm fire pit in the middle and plenty of additional heaters to keep you warm. Being an Arizona native I get cold fast, and I couldn't complain for a second here.
5	One time, before we became "official," I walked into a UYE at Bomberos and gave Dallas G a high five. That's right, instead of a hug or kiss on the cheek for the man who had graced the sheets of my bed many a times, he gets a high five. It was awkward. Realllllyyyy awkward. I'm so smooth.... So, thank god Bomberos has such a dope wine list and attentive service, because I most definitely needed the Chilean Riesling to take off the edge of that massacre!They have an amazing bruschetta plate, a tasty breakfast wrap, perfectly brewed Illy coffees and they even let me bring in my own cake when it was Chrissy P's surprise party!The patio is amazing whether you want to lounge out on a Sunday morning and read a book on the comfy patio furniture or sit with a romantic date by the fire. I also hear that they have free wifi. Score!Winner!! (Unlike me, who gives awkward high 5's!!!)
2	Perhaps our "eh" experience was magnified because we arrived at Bomberos right after having dined at Postino for dinner.  The huge difference between the quality of service was hard to miss!Our group of 6 was quickly seated, and the hostess was kind enough to turn up the heater to make sure we were warm enough.  That was the highlight of the service.  Now, the service was definitely not rude... it wasn't inconsiderate... it was just... well... not very good.  Our waitress (and apparently the chef) could not tell us the ingredients in any of the desserts.  Even though they source their desserts from Tammie Coe, why don't they know what is in them?  For people with allergies, this can make or break a meal.  Since we couldn't confirm the ingredients, my husband had to make do with a coffee, while I indulged in the Creme Brulee.  It was good.  Pleasant, but certainly nothing spectacular.  The few times our waitress came by to check on our group, she seemed to have strange timing... like she didn't really know how to leave... she just sort of stood there a few seconds too long, until it was slightly awkward.  Strange.  Then, we wouldn't see her for large stretches of time... we were getting thirsty with no water refills!  I'm hoping it was just an off night/server... and we'll definitely try again, as we really loved the outdoor patio and roaring fire.  Beautiful and romantic!  We'll cross our fingers for improvements with the service.
2	I really, really want to like this place. It's in an area of town that needs a little of what Bomberos tries to bring. It's not cutting it. They just don't get that it's all about service. I've been here twice; once for wine and bruschetta and once for breakfast. And, I can't overlook that the food has been stellar both times. But the service, OMG, it's out-of-control. And, it's so bad it's not even snobby, we're-too-good-to-help bad which, now that I think about it, would actually make me respect them *more. The first night we came to this place, my wife and I ordered a couple glasses of wine. When we asked the waitress about the wine and food, she couldn't answer even the most basic of questions. It's like not only had she not eaten the food, she hadn't even been briefed on how to answer customers' questions intelligently. It was okay though; a fluke, we thought. Today, my wife and I met a friend for breakfast. The friend was there for five minutes, sitting at a chair waiting, without being offered a glass of water. Because the couches are hard to come by, we moved to an open one right away when it was available and bussed the table ourselves. We sat for probably 10 minutes until someone came by to take the plates and check from the previous couple. After taking our order, we didn't get water, water!, for 10 minutes, let alone our orange juice, mimosas and tea. Remember how their waitstaff doesn't know their product? Yeah, this lady didn't know if they had black tea. "I know we have breakfast tea," she said.When our food arrived, it was beautifully presented and tasted great, but it seemed to put our waitress out when we asked for butter knives for, well, our butter and napkins, etc.Halfway through eating, we finally got that OJ and mimosa. Oh, and the waitress came back with a box with a choice of teas for the high-maintenance of us that asked for black tea ;)So, if you've got some time on your hands to wait around and enjoy the ambience (which is actually quite good with mature mesquite trees and classical guitar music), this is a decent place. If you're looking for service, go someplace else, like Lola's.
5	Service is outstanding. The chorizo omelot was great.  Fruit was fresh. wonderful setting. I highly rcommend and we will definetly come back.
5	Love this place for the ambiance.  I would usually go alone after a long day's work...then I felt guilty for not sharing this place with others. Service has been outstanding each and every time...main reason why I return. Okay, the other reason is the great choices on the wine list. I'm surprised I'm not a grandchild of Betty Ford! I look forward to enjoying this place with friends on a Thursday evening.
5	I can't think of a better Wine Bar to come relax at with a few glasses (or bottles!) and some tasty appetizers.  Count on Bomberos as a great destination to gather with some friends in an atmosphere that has all the warmth and relaxation of a lounge, with a little of the spice and energy of somewhere zesty.The wine and the food is good no matter where you sit, but the outdoor seating by the fire is where I like to be.  Plush seating in a perfectly-sized garden under the stars (not too big, not too small), who doesn't want to meet up here for some downtime, any night of the week?Try the paninis and bruschetta, especially any of them with salami, pesto, brie and proscuitto.  Yum.
4	I love Bomberos! It's a great place to meet with friends...the couches are cozy for conversation inside and there is a great patio out back complete with a a fireplace. I love that they focus on South American beers and wines. The food is great...the service...not so good. On one of my visits I was served wine in a glass with a big crack down the side. Not sure how the bartender or the server didn't notice that. But other than the service, I love this centrally located bar.
4	This place has a great atmosphere. The patio is very nice. The food is good. The wine selection is great. Nice to see South American wines getting the spotlight. I do have to say the service is less than stellar. However, I would still highly recommend it.
4	Stopped by for a quiet visit with friends on a Monday night. The place was nearly empty, which afforded us a great seat: the couch near the firepit. This is a great location for an evening chat with friends or loved one. The food was decent, not great, but the cozy outdoor atmosphere makes up for it.
3	Ambiance/decor=Yaa! Concept/Menu/Theme/=Yaa! Service=Yaa! Dog Friendly Patio=Yaa! Live Music=Yaa! Happy Hour ends at 6=boo Food=Meh Close early Sunday=boo Bomberos I want you to make it! I love the concept, the building, the location! The fact is this: You will ALWAYS be compared to Postinos. Why are you closed on Sunday afternoon when they are packed? They were on a wait yesterday. The first time we tried to go to Bomberos you were closing for the day. We went to Postinos instead that day as well. We came in to see the DJ on a Thursday. Their email said they started at 7PM. They didn't start til 7:30. Your website says 8PM. We were confused. Happy Hour ended at 6. Maybe our timing was just bad, but somehow we missed happy hour AND managed to leave by the time the entertainment started. We felt like we missed the best of everything Bomberos had to offer. You were also out of Pinot Noir. If it was a Monday after a busy weekend I would understand, but not on a Thursday (and not when you offer 2 different Pinots) and not when one of them is mentioned on the wine list as a "Bomberos exclusive". That was peculiar for a wine bar. The food was also forgettable. Go back to Postinos and see how well they do their bruschettas. Yours was small, but the pieces were cut too big and we werent given silverwear so it was awkward. We didn't think enough of it to bother ordering anything else even though I was hungry. The whole experience was kinda awkward and slightly disappointing. We will be trying you again at some point as the service was good enough to get us back and as I said before we are rooting for you!
3	First time here last Friday.. celebrating some great things with my boo and his peeps from his firm.. I wanted to try something out of the norm of my Postino.. SO maybe its not fair to compare.. but I must.. Im a yelper elitest after all.. I love that they use MJ Breads...& Tammie Coe pastries.. well, we all know that just rocks! I loved the decor.. very hip to the trend groove.. OKAY.. my caveat.. I was disappointed in all the bruschetta.. 3 choices for $10... and maybe unfairly, Im comparing to my lovely Postino .. but you basically get two pieces PER piece.. if you get me.. I wasnt pleased with the topping choices.. I did love the wine from Chile.. BUT put a bottle or two on for happy hour.. and how about an app on for hh?? Our friend had a beer from Brazil.. he said it was 'weak'.. but I think he probably has a high expect of the brews.. beers $4 and wine by the glass 1/2 price for hh.. okay.. but not anything to chirp about..
4	Bomberos for breakfast!I had the cabeza bagel sandwich with fruit and the man had the chimichura  with spicy potatoes . Both were delicious. It was raining outside so we dined in and the rain and crowdedness created quite a cozy ambiance. Their coffee is excellent too!
3	Held my engagement party there...the food was delish...the band was great, but they do attached a $5.00 entertainment fee to your bill, without warning...no one in my party knew that...it was kinda embarrassing.  I've never had to pay for entertainment at a restaurant before...at least not like this...The decor is beautiful and location for me is good..
3	After reading this review, a Bombero employee reached out to me -- something I really appreciate. While I would have liked her to have taken a little more responsibility for my experience instead of just offering excuses, it was refreshing and important to me.
4	I am a big fan of the random Phoenix wine bars around my North Central area. A friend was playing here Thursday night so I decided to finally visit. I'm very happy i found a new place with outdoor seating to relax and have a killer glass of Malbec (I finally found a place with several Malbec choices!!) . The firepits and lighting are fab relaxing and perfect for some romantic start gazing etc. My date ordered the veggie panini sandwich and loved it. I just ordered the cheese platter with nuts and dried fruits and the 3 cheeses I chose were very good. Love cheese and wine! The only slight drawback was the service was a little slow. Will def add this to my phoenix wine bar rotation.
3	So last night was a bit of a disappointment. In having frequented this joint a few times, last nights experience fell far short compared to the rest. The patio is still great, plenty of heaters and some great music provided by a live DJ. Food and service however..... Food was alright. I think I will go with the meat and cheese platter next time, that might be better than the bland mozzarella and tomato panini I had. Service was pretty bad. I am not sure what the waitress' deal was but she acted strangely; too sarcastic, underhanded comments, spilled water on the table every time she refilled a glass AND flung the pitcher around and splashed it on me and just waled away, acted like she was doing us a huge favor everytime we asked for something, took nearly 15 minutes to get our bill, then another 30 minutes for her to come back to run the card, and I swear she was rolling her eyes every time she walked away from our table. It was weird. I know some people can have a bad day, but geez honey, rude much? Bomberos is still a great place, but I would skip the panini and don't mess with the waitress, shell get'cha. haha
4	Finally, a place that advertises Spanish sausage and doesn't hand me a Mexican chorizo. I enjoyed a very nice lunch sitting on the back patio the other day. I ordered the cheese and sausage panini. The service was very friendly and I left much happier than when I arrived.
5	If you enjoy a great ambiance, friendly service  and unique South American wines, then this place is for you!  The outdoor patio garden makes you feel as comfy as if your are in your backyard. When the weather is nice, there isn't anything much better than grabbing a bottle and sitting by the gas fire pit surrounded by candles and lights in the trees. The tuna bruschetta is amazing!  Their bread is light, crispy outside and effortless to chew through.  Their olive oil that they use on most of their brushetta pairs well with whatever toppings they put on it. For the adventurous red wine lovers, you find yourself enjoying different varietals.  Saturday nights are great when they have live music and they open up the front fire station doors.  If you want to have chill night, date or a place to take your friends that are visiting, Bomberos will not disappoint.
5	So, this is seriously one of the best hidden secrets in all of Phoenix!  I have been here 3 times (and I rarely go back to the same place twice - it has to be that good!) and this place never disappoints.  Get here early enough to snag a comfortable outdoor sofa and enjoy the great, reasonably priced wine, cheese and paninis.  I love this place!
4	Sunnyslope Art Walk... happy hour at Bomberos....  hanging with my honey... Saturday evenings don't get much better.   What a great place.  My husband works at John C. and has been telling me we need to get over to Bomberos.  Tonight we did.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed happy hour (1/2 off) glasses of malbec.  Panini and bruschetta (wow, it is fabulous) rounded out a perfect shared meal.  What a great place!
4	As  I finished the last page of my memoir I looked around at the peaceful setting . Families and couples eating lovely eggy dishes, dogs hanging around with their hip owners,  a shaded patio giving an urban vibe... it all was all apart of a sweet morning of a sweet life.Well that's not quite how it happened , but as I sat eating lunch with my darling friend Rhonda I could easily imagine sitting on the patio writing.  We had yummy omelettes with fresh fruit .It was peaceful and relaxing even with the untamed guy and his energetic puppy. This seems like a wise choice for meeting with friends for drinks or  hanging out with your mom. The food is solid but not over the top .Seems like most people could find something they enjoy eating.My only downside to this hip joint was the ultra hipness was the mexican diet coke ..yeah I get it Bomberos...spanish for Fireman , but bring me a American diet coke please and give me tons of refills. Oh well.
3	Bomberos is a great place to be when the weather is nice.  Inside it's a little small and the tiny bar is a bit disappointing.I was here last night with a group of friends and we were able to get a couple of couches inside.  The place was packed and the outside patio was in full swing.This wine bar features selections from South America and I had a Catena Malbec which was great. The server was nice and made sure that we were happy with our wine before he brought the bill. It was a fun atmosphere and we all enjoyed the evening.
2	To be fair, let me start off by saying that this place has good food.  The reason it's getting two stars is cuz of the service.My friends and I went here last nite partly to eat and partly to hear The Samba Project perform.  Well, we get there, it's crowded, there's a line, and I hear the couple in front of us ask the hostess how long the wait will be.  Well, instead of just giving the couple a number, the hostess was all, Well, we just sat, like, a TON of people, so I don't know.  I mean, there's one group that's been here for three hours, so you know....   Um...what?  I found that response unprofessional and unnecessary, so I was a little turned off right then.  By the time we get to the hostess, she gives us the same spiel and has us wait by the bar area (VERY little).  Luckily, the restaurant decided to open up its gates, so there was a LITTLE patio area to hang out at until our table was ready.So, we're called probably an hour or so later, and we are seated...with no menus except the one we grabbed from the hostess when we went to wait at the bar.  John, our waiter, shows up and was all, Can I get you more drinks?  Um...sure.  But more importantly, can you grab us some more menus and take our food order?  We're hungry!!!  Not so much the case, though.  Instead, he proceeds to try and figure out who is on what tab and what tab needs to be closed at the bar, but really, there were only two tabs going: Mary and Matt's.  So John goes to close the tabs and returns with one receipt, asking, I'm sorry.  What was your name again?  Pat?  No, John.  MATT.  How did you forget in two seconds?  Then, he asks about drinks, and a few of us order iced teas.  John never mentions that they are sweetened and flavored peach, so some of them had to be returned.  Yet, upon taking those drinks away, he never asked about getting us something else to replace the drinks that some of us didn't like.  After finally taking our food order, we had to wait another 45 minutes to get our food: a few paninis with chips on the side and an order of bruschetta.  And we got that only after asking John where our food was.  He never came back to ask about more drinks or to refill waters, and I'm pretty sure that we probably could've walked out of there without having paid, and no one would have noticed.The food was good, though, thank goodness.  I ordered the Chevito panini (flank steak with cheese, peppers, onions).  The bread was nice and toasted, and the inners really complemented the bread and the chips that came as a side.  The $10 price tag was also really do-able.  Note: You get a surprisingly filling portion of food, so go semi-hungry.Though I didn't eat any bruschetta, it looked amazing.  You can choose from three different kinds off the menu of eight or nine, and those are also of a pretty big size.  The atmosphere is nice, the food is good, the prices are good.  The service is as if they don't know what to do or are overwhelmed with a lot of customers, the waitstaff don't really wait on you, and also a negative to note: the parking lot is way too small for the place.  I would probably go again for the food and atmosphere, but I'd really have to consider what day and what time cuz the staff is just....in need of help.
1	I was so excited to come here, especially after seeing their menu and pictures online. I went with my partner and some friends to see the Samba Project, which was live music on the patio.First of all, you had to pay $5 IN ADDITION to food and drink in order to listen to the music. Keep in mind the food starts at $10 a person, so with drinks, you're now paying at least $20 to listen to good, albeit not great music.I walk with a cane. Our friends had gotten their earlier, and were waiting for the table, and my partner and I waited with them. Standing. For over 30 minutes. No one offered us a seat, and after half an hour, I had shooting pain, so I went to ask the hostess a) how long it would be, and b) if they had a seat. I started talking to her, and explained I was disabled, and she actually said "hold on a bit" and took a party of 2 to go stand and wait. I told her I was just going sit in my car and wait then, and she just shook her head and walked off. What an incredibly NON-disability friendly place.Finally (having got there at 8), we got sat a little before 9.  Our waiter didn't come for another 15 minutes, and our drinks? around 9:30 or so. My partner and I ordered iced tea, expecting regular iced tea. Instead, it was sickly sweet and peach flavored. Neither of us liked it. When the server asked how my tea was, I let him know I didn't like peach. He never asked if I wanted something else, even when I asked for a glass of water and moved my tea to the middle, and when my partner said no to tea refills, even before the food showed up. Finally, I just told him to take away my glass. The only positive? He took it off the check (but not my partner's).The food? Let's see, until almost 9:45, we only had one menu. Finally, we asked for more, and got them, and were ready to order at about 9:50.  Again, we had to wait a huge amount of time to order, and then the food took almost a full hour to come out...for 3 paninis and an order of bruschetta.  I mean, did they bake the bread fresh? It was ok. Good, but not great. I'd say Postino's was better by far on both the paninis and the bruschetta. Then of course, it took us forever to get the check...which then came back in wet check holders, etc.The atmosphere? Lovely. I loved the wall of candle and the couch we were on was super comfy. But it shouldn't take almost 3 hours to get something to eat (we were sat around 9, left at 10 till midnight), and the lack of caring from the hostess and service from the server earned this restaurant/wine bar one star...the second ever 1 star I've given.
5	This is simply the most enjoyable place in Phoenix. The wine selection is good and unusual, the ambiance is unmatched   wity the beautiful outdoor patio and the service is outstanding, Tim is a delight as a waiter and is a major reason we have been repeat customers. The bruschetta is fresh and original. Everyone said you have to go to Postino's, which we did, but it was very second rate to Bombero's in all areas, service (particularly), wine selection, and definitely ambiance. Bombero's gets my vote every time. Make sure you request Tim as a server. He makes the experience unforgettable,
5	Fantastic wine bar.  Intimate patio and a great selection of South American wines.  Pick a good bottle, sit near the fire and relax the night away!
4	Had dinner there last week with my an old friend I hadn't seen in years and we had a great evening on the patio, hanging out for hours and drinking wine.The food menu is extremely limited, featuring mostly salads and sandwiches with very little meat or fish on offer.  Kind of a veggie grazing thing.The wine list is pretty good and fairly priced, mostly in the $30-40 range as I recall.No music when we were there and the service was fine.  We lingered for almost four hours with our single bottle of wine and we never felt rushed or uncomfortable.The food was fine, if not particularly memorable but the ambiance was perfect.  A great place to go and hang with some friends and drink wine, assuming you're not up for a big meal.  We had to wait for a few minutes inside until there was room on the patio and I think I would have been much less happy had we had to stay inside.  Outside is definitely the way to go.Two salads and a bottle of wine were about $45.
5	This place is so many things: a lovely wine bar, breakfast joint, beautiful place to relax - and most importantly, an AMAZING place to watch the World Cup. My friends and I stopped by here for the first round of matches. We chose Bomberos because, unlike any other Valley bar/restaurant, they are the only place to be open by 4 a.m. - every day of the World Cup! So we had to support. We're so glad we did. We had an amazing breakfast, with coffee and tea, and had fun cheering along. What I ate: the Uruguayo, which is amazing. :)
1	Oh Bomberos, I so wanted to like you and you let me down! I live just down the street from this restaurant and I'd heard it was dog friendly so I wanted to check out their patio before bringing my pups. Came in on a Friday evening for Happy Hour with a few friends and we were promptly seated on the patio. The server was very friendly and informative when it came to the various wines. I initially enjoyed the service and the wine I ordered, but then it all went downhill......we ordered a few bruschetta boards and a sandwich, we just wanted some food to snack on while we enjoyed our wine. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. And waited some more...okay you get the point. At first, I was content to have a few glasses of wine and take our time, especially because it was a Friday night and I understand that restaurants are busy on the weekend.Finally we had to hunt down our server after we'd waited about an hour for our bruschetta to come and we asked him what was up. We were polite, of course, and he told us that the kitchen was busy and it'd be ready when it was ready. He wasn't nearly as apologetic as I thought he should've been given the wait. We ended up waiting over an HOUR AND A HALF for some melted cheese on bread. It was okay, I guess, but after that wait, it would've had to be out of this world for me to forgive the delay. I don't think I'll be returning because the kitchen has difficulty managing to push out food, which is too bad because I really wanted to become a regular at this place; the menu looks awesome, if only they could get the food out to you in under two hours...don't waste your valuable time. There are better wine bars in town, such as Postino and Cheuvront, that offer much more efficient service.
2	Ok. My first yelp review. In fact my first ever. I'll be gentle with me. if you grew up in Sunnyslope like I did  then  you would know the shock I felt when I heard that a wine bar could exist in the local neighborhood for drunk dive bars so sleazy  that Charles Bukowski wouldn't dare step foot in them...... is only  as likely as Charles Bukowski actually writing something good!Note to Chuck: Hey Chuckie, just because you were pissed and drank more booze in a night than most of us  drink in a month doesn't make you a great writer.. no matter how much  glory  the hollywood hipsters heaped on you... But I digress.Bomberos  is a fresh fun  cool little place to hang out in the Slope'. I think that the wines by the glass are VERY over priced for the location. I mean holy cow, this is Sunnyslope, not Los Angeles. That being said I know they have some ok wines by the bottle for 30-40 dollar range.The "bar" is small and tiny and really only good for  1-3 people... Outside is much nicer and roomier.... Really, I like this place more for the outside of just sitting with some friends and chilling... listening to some music. The menu is predictably safe.... ( please , for the love of God, add some sopresseta to the speciality meats dish...)  the wines  ho hum and the service, well not so much. All in all I will be back, but only  because my expectations are not as high as the people who think this place is so great, kind of like the same people who think  Chuck Bukowski is a great writer... 2 stars for just having a wine bar in Slope and the great outside area. I'm a tough bastard...
4	Good place for lunch awesome atmosphere... By lunch I mean anytime but summer since there is limited room inside...
4	June 11, 2010 was a significant day. Every four years, the entire world (sans USA) stops to watch their teams take on the best of the best in futbol. I prepared for this momentous occasion by scoping out places that would show all games, which start at 4:30AM (Pacific time). I was so happy to hear that Bomberos was one of those places.Saturday, June 12, at 4:00AM, we drove the 25 minutes to North Central Phoenix, armed with our "Go Korea" headbands and ready to see what Bomberos had to offer. We tried going to Robbie Fox's first, but it appeared closed (it was allegedly open but you had to enter through the back) and thought about George and Dragon where we had gone for the opening match but someone remembered they opened only at 6AM, so we made the drive up to Bomberos. And we've been back every weekend and weekday we can since. The ambiance is sophisticated, but relaxed at the same time. I adore the steady stream of coffee, the fact that the servers respect the game enough to wait until halftime to take orders, and that I can sit on leather sofas with others who share the love of the game. And the food is pretty phenomenal too. Shown above, the churrasco omelet and the fruit and yogurt parfait.I also love the fact that they have a selection of South American beer and wine. And having studied abroad in Chile, I appreciate the underlying sentiments behind "The Rare Vegetarian" omelet. Also, being a new dog owner, I love their dog-friendly patio. As soon as LB finishes his last series of shots, he'll be joining us at Bomberos.
1	I don't get how Bomberos stays in business. I met a girlfriend there for the first time last night. The hostess stand blocks you from walking comfortably into the courtyard. I noticed it as the first of many signs they are not here to serve their clientele. The hostess said I could look for my girlfriend. She didn't think she was there and it almost felt like she was hesitant to "let" me look and see if she was inside. I saw my girlfriend and her boyfriend and sat with them on these nice, black leather facing sofas, when soon after my Coca Cola Light arrived, a girl informed us she'd like us to move to the only table inside in front of the bright sun (setting through the frosted glass, the temperature was at least 10 degrees warmer there). I asked how about this 3 top in the shade that no one was sitting at, next to another set of facing black sofas. But no. That was reserved. Remember Wolfgang Puck's Obachine? They used to have a waiting line and act like the upstairs at Biltmore Fashion Park was packed. You'd get inside and it would be nearly empty. Look where that restaurant is now. Not in Phoenix.When we saw they could not find a comfortable, cool place for us to sit, we asked for the check and asked them to take off the Coca Cola Light they really hadn't given me time to get more than two sips out of. They balked. We had to ask the manager to take it off. Things improved when we walked across the street to Corbin's. If you're looking for a place with excellent customer service, a full bar (I didn't know Bomberos had only beer and wine) and awesome, very fresh ahi tuna on a crispy wonton, you may want to turn south to the Corbin's lot, when you see it and skip Bomberos. The hostess at Corbin's jumped up to help when we saw the bar seats were full and asked us where we wanted to sit. The place had a good energy, which was a nice switch!I thought Bomberos might be neat because I live just a few miles away. They did have a large patio, but it was July at 5:30 pm. Not the place to cool down.It looks like Corbin's and Via delosantos are the only winners near Central and Dunlap.
5	My friend and I have been going to Bomberos for their spectacular happy hour on Saturday afternoons and love it! I love the South American atmosphere, music and wine selection. We always enjoy the bruschetta, (Warm Apples and Brie are amazing) and cheese platter.Above all, our server, Tim, is a beacon of light. He's always attentive, and brings many smiles with his lighthearted and fun-loving personality. As my friend said, "He just makes me smile." We now go and ask for him to be our server because for us, he's part of the Bomberos experience.So between the great wine, delicious food and wonderful service, I don't think I could make a better recommendation. Last time we were there, they were preparing for the band. We couldn't stay, but will be back for a Saturday night enjoying their live music... I hear it's great, and look forward to reporting back on what will surely be an enjoyable night.
5	I love this place!  I don't live near it, but when I am in the area I have to stop by.  They have a great wine selection, the food is great (Cheese plate!), and the staff is very friendly and is well versed in the wines they carry.  It can get pricey if you start drinking more wine than you ought to be if you are driving, so be wary of that, but they do have a good happy hour price on wines and such.  I highly recommend this place.
4	Went to Bomberos last night for the first time, and our group really loved the place. One of the better patios in town imo. Huge mesquite trees all over give it tons of shade and awesome mood lighting and candles in the evening make for a great night. And misters...lots and lots of misters! The patio is definitely a popular place because by 10pm the inside of the restaurant was empty but the patio was still packed!The South American music was pumping and the couches and cozy chairs made it a relaxing evening of wine and nosh. Great selection of wines. We had the cheese board, the meat plate, and a few orders of bruchetta. They were all good but not great. (For instance, I'd much rather have a meat and cheese selection from Kazimierz or bruchetta from Postinos) But that was ok because the atmosphere made up for it.And the dessert, oh my the dessert. They had two and we ordered both. A bread pudding which was probably the best I've ever had, and an orange creme brule which was SOOOOO smooth. Mmmm. I love orange in desserts and it definitely didn't disappoint. Ordered a mocha to go with it and and it was big and tasty. (It could have been a little warmer though)Overall, great place. Good but not great food, great desserts, great atmosphere, great for medium sized groups of friends who want to have a night out to catch up with each other's lives.
4	A fun place that has Colombian and Brazilian music every other week, and according to my friends from South America, it is hard to find! The wine/food are somewhat similar to Postino, but this place had a more fun atmosphere, maybe due to the live music. The live music does require a cover charge ($5), but that's typical of most places.  We did go in the middle of the summer, and that probably wasn't the best idea. It was extremely hot, so they had the misters on. Yet, the misters were so heavy-flow, we were actually soaked with water.  I can't wait to return in the lovely fall/winter months.
5	Bombebero's you've won my five star rating. I am now a regular for breakfast; the last dish was the Uruguayo - Spanish chorizo, diced tomatoes, roasted red peppers, cotija cheese, fresh herbs and a splash of chimichurri sauce. I can't even describe how delicious this dish is. The Spanish chorizoyou use is top notch. You've won my heart and my five star review for being the perfect place to dine any time of day. You are great to bring out of towners you want to impress with your patio. Your cheese selection is fantastic and your overall ambiance unbeatable. I think I may go today..
5	Another reccomendation, loved the setting, the selection of South American wines and the staff were friendly and fun...
4	Delightful little spot with an emphasis on all things South America - especially South American wines. So expect to find the raw, strong tastes of those grapes and that winemaking style. Charming little setting, if there's any way to sit outside, do so. They are dog-friendly, and you should definitely bring your well-behaved pooch with you for a relaxed moment and potential amusement. The food menu is strong and stands up to the wine. We usually wind up with one of the best values for wine accompaniment in the Valley - their bruchettas. Wonderful, low-key spot.  Watch out for the extra charge for entertainment when it is present.  But over all, we consider this one of our favotite hang-outs.
4	This place is funky, and fun, and I have no idea why I hadn't been there until last week... I came here the other day for a birthday, and my god, am I glad that she chose this place!! Its got that indie boho feel, which I love, lots of hanging lights outside and the most powerful misters in the entire universe... So what if my hair turned to a frizzfro, i was sitting outside, for hours, and was not even hot. The waitstaff were awesome, and really really ridiculously good looking, super fun, almost to a point where I almost asked one of the waitresses to sit down and shoot the shit with us. Our party of about, 20 ordered a mix of things ranging from the cheese plate, to paninis, to bottles of wine to pastas, and everything I ate and drank, was super delicious. I myself didn't order any food, but I am super excited to come back and actually EAT here, hell, im excited to come back and drown myself in wine, all over again. The only complaint I have is that there was a huge pool of water in the entrance, near, and in, the bathrooms.. I had on flip flops and wanted to projectile vomit when I stepped in whatever the hell was floating in that pool of gnarly. . I dunno what the deal was, leak? Spill? It was everywhere, and no one was cleaning it up.. other than that, I like you Bomberos.. What a pleasant surprise for a place located in Sunnyslope!!
5	Our favorite hang out in Phoenix, for sure. We have been there many, many times and have never had a bad, or even mediocre experience. The reason we continue to return is our favorite server, Tim. He is personable and efficient. He always pays special attention to us because he knows we are regulars. Tim loves his job and it shows! He needs a raise; we actually bring people to Bombaros because he works there. He has become a friend through serving us, which is unusual. My husband and I have tried, diligently, to become regulars some where in Phoenix. We have found our home!
5	I love that Bomberos is in my neighborhood! It brings a bit of flavor to North Central. Very cozy and comfortable.  it is a great place to hang out with friends! Perfect for a romantic night out as well. Great breakfast and wi~fi available.
5	I really love Bomberos although it is true that servers are few and far between.  Fortunatly the patio atmosphere more than makes up for it....I'm a total sucker.  Go for happy hour prices and enjoy the trees while munching on tasty bruchetta that is only a tiny step under postinos on the deliciousness rating.
4	So I love Bomberos. I like the fire pit, and the trees, and the decor. But the thing I love the most is the atun escabeche(sp). Salty, sweet, and delicious.  As a side note, my 7 year old daughter loves to come here to hang out and read, apparently Junie B. Jones books fit in really well with the ham and cheese sandwich. I highly recommend it.
5	This is a wonderful place to enjoy long evenings!  It has an incredible patio, an excellent wine list, tasty food, and wonderful service (thanks Tim!!).  See you there
5	Bomberos is a unique place, that has always been a joy to go too. I've lost count of how many times I've been there, but here's some of the best highlights:The wine - my favorite selection of South American wines is here. I'm not a huge wine connoisseur, but I know a good glass (or 5) when I have one. The food - The panini's are to die for. I really have no complaints when it comes to the food.The location - the huge back patio is perfect any time of the year, even summertime with its abundant shade. The service - the staff is great, and it's a very laid-back atmosphere. So don't go if you in a rush. Enjoy the place, the wine, the food and the people. My favorite time to go is always during the Sunnyslope Artwalks. It's a perfect start to the evening then take two steps outside into dozens of artists booths, music and happy people.
4	we ate there this past saturday evening. arrived in time to take advantage of the 50% off wine price, which was great.  they have an extensive offering of wines, with emphasis on chilean and argentinian. delicious. ordered the fig/prosciutto salad that was wonderful. my companion ordered the salami/proscuitto/olive plate that came with bread and crackers. he ordered sangria. everything was very tasty. we sat outside. the atmosphere is so welcoming. had a great waiter. really enjoyed ourselves. we will absolutely go back.
4	Glass of wine with a trio of bruchetta: Salami & Manchego with Pesto, Fresh Mozzarella & Vine-Ripened Tomatoes with Basil, Warm Brie & Apples... what a lovely way to start the afternoon.  We decided to sit inside there was still a bit of chill in the air. Service was great and very friendly. Our sommelier "accidentally" poured us an extra glass of wine (Susana Balbo Crios, Torrontes). I was not about to complain. Great flavors were making me smile. My sister had a panini, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. (POOF! the panini was gone.) Definitely coming back again.
2	I wanted to love this place.  I love many South American wines and was pretty excited to see that they serve Quilmes... but really, this place is just Meh.  Small building, the bar has only 4 seats.  The patio is the main draw.  How do they get away with opening this place 6 years after Postino's and still try to rip it off?  The bruschetta is way better at postino, and you get more.  The wine and beer list is also better at postinos, and is waaaaay better priced. Not really worth checking out...  there are many other wine bars that are better.
5	Bombero's patio is awesome, especially with the fire pit this time of year!  The service is outstanding - Tim is a phenomenal waiter - very entertaining and so much fun!
3	I am torn between 2-3 stars...really a 2.789.Does Phoenix need another wine bar? No. Does Phoenix need another Postino knock off? No. Does Phoenix need creative owners who come up with a new concept? Yes. So, why go to Bomberos? First, the focus, at least with respect to wine, is South America and you have to give credit for this twist on the usual wine focus. In addition, the outdoor patio and fire pit area is a nice space, albeit somewhat sparsely furnished, which isn't a bad thing...but still, noticeable. Like Postino, on Monday, $20 gets you select bottles and bruschetta. Unfortunately, the food is meh. The meat plate is 2 stars and the bruschetta is middle of the road...and if I am going to consume mass quantities of carbs, I want it to be 4 star minimum, I need to watch my girlish figure. The service on my visits was friendly, but inattentive and slow. Then again I suppose that sums up 80% of the city. If you are in the area or need a spot in that part of town, it is worth a short stop and it is fun for a date on a patio, but not the place to impress...unless you are with someone who is easily impressed. (And if so, lucky you)
2	My first few visits here were fantastic. Love(d) the live music, patio, menu, wine selection... but the last 3 times I have had the same rude, awful waitress. Having one of her tables pretty much killed my night, each time. I know that Bomberos has not adopted the "bitchy waiter/ess thing" because I have met other lovely staff.. it's just this one that will keep me from coming back.
4	A cool place - really glad Yelp helped me find this little gem. As many have mentioned before me, the ambiance is outstanding with a secluded patio and a large fireplace that steals the show. I wish they had live music when I was there because that would have been even more amazing. The service was fast and attentive, and it's incredible how you can snag a spot next to the fireplace, even on a Friday night. We went with the bruschetta plate and a delicious Uruguayan sandwich. All of the food was seasoned excellently and very filling for the price. The chips that come with the sandwiches are not a greasy pile of potato chips, but rather broken pita chips which was a really nice touch. It's a little out of the way for us east siders, but I will most definitely be back!
4	There aren't many places around the valley that can pull me from a distance like a shard of ferrous metal in the thrall of an electromagnet, but this is one of them. It's mainly the atmosphere on the open patio, I think. Or maybe it's the strong selection of dry reds and the little plates featuring things like manchego cheese. Maybe it's the lighting inside of the place on the ample couches. Maybe it' the service which manages to be both accommodating and relaxed in a real way.In any case, this is a nice place. A very nice place on North Central.
5	My heart finally broke and it had been so long bent.... Please bring breakfast back!
4	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. When I first saw the address, I was very skeptical. It is in Sunnyslope. I literally had to tell myself that there are still some gems on Central and that this place was probably one of them. I'm so glad I had that talk with myself. This place is nestled into a great little area of shops and cute patio homes, small businesses and a school. They have a great atmosphere, the inside has roll-up, garage doors and there is a huge patio. My friends and I settled into one of the sofa areas and made ourselves comfortable. They have a decent happy hour, all wines are 1/2 off and beer is $2.00 off. We ended up having some wine and a selection of brushetta, all was pretty yummy.  The brushetta wasn't the best I have ever had, but there was a nice selection and it was pretty tasty.  We had the brie and apples (delicious, how could you go wrong), mozzarella and tomatoe (also really yummy), brie and bacon which I didn't try and the tapenade (a little salty, but what can you expect from chopped up olives?).  Once happy hour ended, our very knowledgeable and helpful server told us that for $20 we could get a bottle of wine and another order of brushetta, so we did. Hey, why not, it's Monday!?! Ultimately, I was only supposed to stay for an hour (I was sick and jet-lagged and just needed to go home) and I ended up staying for almost four hours. As it got darker, the place took on a very sexy, relaxed vibe. I definitely like the place and I will be back. Good atmosphere, good food, reasonable prices and friendly service.
4	Bomb-ba-ba-bomb-beros!Bomberos is a place that's effortlessly cool and a surprising gem in the area.  For those that haven't been it's an old firehouse and the architecture and design is fantastic.  There's a large outdoor patio, as well as a fair amount of space inside.Outside of some cheese/olive/meat trays, the menu basically breaks down to panini or bruschetta--with many of the same combinations.  I had both and my panini was a Spanish chorizo and was quite good.Service was excellent, and wine selection is all South American.  If I had a complaint, I would say their price points are a bit high (at least by the glass).  Yes, I know they have to ship it ALL the way from another continent, but I'm pretty sure S American wine is relatively inexpensive from what I've bought.Anyways, Bomberos is a great place to relax and enjoy some wine and company.  I was there on a Thursday with my aunt in from Seattle (which is a pretty cool city from what I remember) and she thought it was cool.  So yes, Bomberos is a cool place.  Check it out.
5	My favorite wine bar.  Yummy food and nibbles .....try marinated olives and Brie and apple bruschetta.  Marinated tuna also yummy.  Easy and relaxed atmosphere and heaters outside for winter.  Been going here since they opened.  Unique wines you can't get just anywhere. I like the Crios.
3	Finally made it to Bomberos... Very cute place, nothing impressive, our server was ok... we asked if they have happy hour and I think she didn't like that question??? They only offer happy hour for wine and beer which is fine... they just don't advertise it... (not sure why) Menu very simple but ok... The patio is cool and the fire pit is nice! Great place to gather with your friends just for a glass of wine and maybe some bruschetta... nothing else :(
5	So bummed tonight was the last night~(Mike Nielsen is to blame)They went out with a bang! Great memories and I hope more to come!Jamie our server was fantastic! (She will now need a job) Hopefully the owners will find a new location and be open for breakfast! Bomberos is close to home and the only true slice of coolness to bless North Central.
5	You know that scene in every "small town girl goes to the big city movie" where the stereotypical "small town girl" sees the city lights for the first time? She gets this cheesy look in her eyes like she finally found her way home. I'm pretty sure that I had that same nauseating look on my face when my date walked me through Bomberos' door.But everything was perfect. With candles and well-groomed plants everywhere, the flagstone paved courtyard is an absolutely beautiful entrance to the dimly lit restaurant. The former Sunnyslope Firehouse is all exposed brick which looks amazing in candle light. The little round tables facing a live music area just completes the intimate feeling of the restaurant. We ordered glasses of sangria and bruschetta to munch on while we watched the Latin band. Everything was fantastic looking and tasting! My ONLY complaint is that the restaurant was a little too noisy to enjoy a sustained conversation.This is the perfect place for any sort of date. From that awkward first dinner to "Friday night date night" this place will put stars in your partner's eyes.
